Love this new cafe/bubble tea shop! If you live in university city or west philly, this is the place to get bubble tea and popcorn chicken. The honey boba was the right chewiness and I love how their drinks aren't too sweet. I usually ask for less sugar but most bubble tea shops still make the drinks really sweet, this is by far the best I've had in philadelphia with making it taste just right and not too sweet. I got the popcorn chicken with chili powder and garlic and I loved how they made it with real garlic pieces and the chicken was meaty and tender! I have yet to try the shaved ice, but I already know I'll be back again. Great service and yummy food. 
Also one thing I wish they could change is their loyalty card, you have to spend 5$ to get a stamp but I think it should just be a stamp for every drink because sometimes if you're coming alone and just want to grab one drink, you'll never get a dual unless you buy more food.Really great taste. I had the sea salt green tea and it's quite similar to what I used to have back in China!I got a Taro milk tea and the sweet potato fries. So good! The cafe is adorable. I wish I lived closer so I could check out more of the intriguing menu items.Been there a couple of times, it's a place always kept clean with great efforts. This little café has no-rival, delicious popcorn chicken and authentic bubble tea. Their sea salt green tea with honey bubble is my favorite. Have not got chance to try shaved ice yet but saw other people ordered it and it looked appealing. Will give it a try later.
It's nice to hang out in this cozy and nice renovated cafe, sometimes it could get packed with people though. Window seats facing the street are my to-go spots.Who can resist coming to Lulu after seeing such adorable pictures of her? FYI: Lulu is the cafe's dog and mascot, hence the name "Lulu Cafe" 
After hearing about the hype, I've concluded that...
- The Milk Tea drinks were subpar, slightly disappointing. The tea was watered down, and the milk consistency was less creamy & smooth. Definitely sticking to my Chinatown local favorites such as Mr Wish and Kungfu Tea for this. 
- The Speciality drinks are worth a shot! Try the Summer if you're a mango and passion fruit juice fan (but I would recommend less sugar) 
**MUST HAVE: 
- SWEET POTATO FRIES. 
- POPCORN CHICKEN. 
No regrets. 
Conclusion: I would come here more for their snacks like sweet potato fries & popcorn chicken than their drinks... and of course, Lulu :)Just visiting Philly today and ended it at Lulu's. Very friendly staff, great coffee, and a warm, inviting atmosphere (especially on a cold night)! Will come back again.I would say the snacks, service and ambience here are a solid 4.5 stars, and the drink I had a 3 star (although I only had the regular milk tea with boba, so a second trip would be needed to try out their specialty drinks.), rounding out to a solid 4 for the place overall.
I loved the vibe of this cozy boba place that really fits a void in University City as a place to hang out that's not a coffee shop, and can totally envision myself spending a lazy afternoon here (they also have free wifi!). It's small but comfortable, with high ceilings and cute dog-themed decor on the wall and counter.
The food - loved the popcorn chicken and sweet potato fries. The popcorn chicken was deliciously crunchy and flavorful, and the sweet potato fries had the perfect balance of sweetness and crispness. My only complaint is that I wish the portions were a little larger, since I was really sad when I devoured the last piece of the chicken. Would highly recommend both the popcorn chicken and sweet potato fries! 
The drinks - I got the Lulu milk tea, which was a little watery for me and not super outstanding. I usually like my drinks less sweet, but even so this drink was a tad too plain with not enough tea flavor. Their menu is super extensive though, with shaved ice and a variety of other specialty drinks that seemed to be popular, so I'm definitely coming back to give the other drinks a try.Wow the employees are so nice and friendly. The tea is spot on and affordable ($2.75 for a 16oz). Popcorn chicken is well seasoned and crunchy, do get the spicy garlic. Downside is that there is a $10.00 minimum on card.A much needed Asian drinks/cafe in the West Philly area. During my first visit here, I spent about 6 minutes looking at their menu because of all their food items available as well! Even though I was taking so long, the staff was super nice and patient. The only con is this place is super small - probably can only sit about 10 people. Overall definitely a place to go when Chinatown is out of the way.My friends have been telling me about Lulu Cafe for some time now. I don't live in west Philly so I rarely find myself looking for boba in that part of the city, but on this occasion I wasn't near Chinatown and wanted to quench my thirst. I ordered the passion fruit green tea QQ because I wanted both boba and lychee jellies in my drink. (They automatically give that to you if there is a 'QQ' in the title.) nice tart flavor and satisfying chew from the boba and jellies. I also noticed that they serve Taiwanese popcorn chicken. That REALLY excited me because I haven't had Taiwanese popcorn chicken in YEARS. And if you haven't had it....it's the best. They serve it to you piping hot with either fresh garlic, a spicy powder, or both. I wish there was a size option, but they come in one size only. I shared a cup of popcorn chicken with my friends and went back for more. I didn't realize there was a credit card minimum, but the cashier was nice and let it slide since he said I had ordered more before anyway. I appreciated the gesture! I would totally come back.Good boba milk tea. Pricey because no other competition in the area. We did not try the popcorn chicken or other snacks so can't comment. Shaved ice had good topping choices but again, pricey for the size. Cute decor but small space without much seating. Overall a nice addition to west Philly worth checking out if you are in the area.Best bubble tea in Philly!  Lots of choices and everything is fresh and tasty!  Also not skimpy on the boba.  Love the green tea half sweet with honey boba.I wanted to like this place. I went one time during summer and thought it was alright. It's on the pricy side at $4.30 a cup. Two days ago I had a sudden bubble tea craving and it just happened to be on UberEATS, so I ordered two cups. After 35 minutes, it finally came but the boba was so hard and just not really edible. The milk tea also felt very diluted and just tasted like sugar water. I would not come back again.Wow! What an amazing new addition to the neighborhood. Beautiful, peaceful, clean interior. Very friendly staff. Delicious, reasonably priced drinks and snacks. Awesome drink toppings. What more can you ask for? A cute, lovable French bulldog? Check!
I wish this place much success, but judging by their drinks, snacks, and staff, they'll do very well.Discovered Lulus on UberEATS & now I'm hooked the caramel pudding milk boba & added honey boba is sooooo yummy I wish I could drink it everyday. The atmosphere is very cute & the employees were nice. Will return every time I visit the city forsure !Prayers have been answered, there's finally a boba place close to USP so I don't have to trek all the way to Ochatto or Chinatown. Ordered Lavendar boba with half sugar, and it was pretty good. The spicy garlic popcorn chicken also tastes amazing and was super juicy; try it if you haven't yet! The cafe is a pretty small but cozy place. Lulu the dog also shows up on Sundays.Everything was delicious. Especially the popcorn chicken with garlic and chili powder. Pretty authentic Taiwanese snacks and bubble teas. Will definitely come back again!Super cute shop! They really love the french bulldog motif here. I would go just for the ambiance, although it is a small store with relatively little seating. My sister got the original Lulu milk tea. It was just average, but we are comparing with some of the best boba in LA and Asia. I got the passionfruit green tea QQ, which I thought was done very well. It was not overwhelmingly sweet and the lychee jelly was a nice touch. My only regret is that Lulu wasn't there when we went!Gotta love to have bubble tea and Asian snacks in the west philly neighborhood! Service is excellent, food is fresh made and the milk tea is on point. They have lots of options on drinks, you should be able to find something you like. Not to mention the lulu icon on the cups are so cute.Good place to grab some boba tea. The chewiness of the boba is not too soft or hard which is pretty decent. The flavors of their tea might be a little too sweet however if you need your boba fix, this place is good enough.Very authentic boba milk tea! Love that it is sweetened with black sugar. It's also a great place for meeting up with a friend or to get some work done. I went at 5 pm and it was a bit crowded. 
Staff is very accommodating to sweetness and ice adjustments. They also deliver on uber eats!Highly recommend this place! A warm cafe with great vibe and friendly people. We had bubble tea, squid balls and they are really authenticSeriously, Lulu's has become my go-to for bubble tea.
My only gripe with it is that it closes a little "early" in comparison to the bubble tea places in Chinatown. 
Either way, definitely get the sea salt black tea with the honey boba & the popcorn chicken.
Absolutely favs! 
You might get lucky and run into Lulu, herself! [She's the boss...and she's also an adorable french bulldog].This is by far my favorite bubble tea joint. My favorite is the herbal jelly bubble tea. It's to die for. I have yet to try their food items but I'm always experimenting with their bubble tea flavors. The staff is attentive friendly and professional. Place is cute and clean. This place is worth trekking to west philly for!All the reviews are correct. The snacks are amazing too. Miss this place already. Super friendly employees and cute concept.I liked this place when it first opened, because the food and drinks are pretty good, and the owner is nice. But the new employees are not very friendly, and they gave me a popcorn chicken that's half empty(looks like someone's leftover). They also have a strick rule of no credit card payment if your order is under $10...so you need to either have cash or to buy two items at a time.Yummy yummy yummy! Came here with my SO and we ordered the sea salt green tea, summer specialty drink, sweet potato fries and popcorn chicken. I enjoyed my green tea drink, it was really refreshing! Perfect compliment to the popcorn chicken. SO enjoyed the summer specialty drink, said it was better than teado because it tastes less artificial. We both agreed that the popcorn chicken was the standout. Chicken is perfectly juicy and the seasoning is on point!OMG! OMG!
Lulu Cafe is amazing! My girlfriend and I stopped by the other day after my friend had suggested it. The place is cute. I ordered their cappuccino and my girlfriend ordered the lavander drink. Oh my they were delicious. I have never tasted drinks like this any where else. When I asked why their drinks taste different from other places I was told that they use organic coffee beans and lavander flowers from France. No wonder! The drinks were so good and I had to order another tomato plum green tea. Amazing! It was fresh cherry tomato blended with plum juice and green tea. Very fresh and refreshing. No doubt I'm coming back to this amazing place!
Their popcorn chicken is a bomb! Ask them for garlic with it! :)I love this place! The drink is terrific!! 
I came here for a visit. I was craving for milk tea. And thanks god UberEATS does do delivery from lulu cafe. I am totally in love with the drink here. I get what i asked and order. Love itI was looking for a go-to milk tea place on campus. I was pleasantly surprised to notice that this shop was a couple blocks away from our main campus. After finding it on this website, I was eager to stop by and see how the boba was and whether or not I had to continue making trips to Chinatown to get my fix. 
Overall, the shop reminds me a lot like the boba places back at home (California) including the snacks and the milk tea varieties. I loved my sea salt green tea, which is typically a hit or miss with most shops. I came here with a couple of friends and they all loved their drinks.
The best part about this cafe is the atmosphere. It's a small cozy shop where people like to study. I think the resident doggie is a plus and really perks up the atmosphere. Seems like this shop has a lot of frequent customers and I definitely want to come back more often to try more of their drinks!A very cute and small bubble tea place. I tried the regular milk tea and I was not a fan, maybe I should of tried one of their mixed teas? The popcorn chicken with fresh minced garlic is absolutely amazing! Definitely, love the food over the drinks.The BEST popcorn chicken in east coast! I strongly recommend the monster style popcorn chicken because the chicken is fresh, crispy and juicy! And they use the fresh garlic，which is amazing! The espresso milk tea is my favorite drink. They deserve six stars!Best milk tea that I've ever had in the US! The owner is super nice and their dog Lulu is really cute. It looks like they have a bunch of snacks too but I've only tried the popcorn chicken. (They were great, and my dog loved them!)I'm so glad my friend found this on Yelp! 
The staff are super friendly and helpful. The owner gets genuinely excited when people like their drinks, and cares a lot about the customers. I tried the sea salt coffee. It's really delicious. It's very sweet since I think they use evaporated milk or something similar, so probably not for everyone, but I really enjoyed it. 
Their tea selection is really large, and I look forward to coming back!
Also, Lulu the dog is so precious. She snuggles up to customers and is a lot of fun to play with. She can also do tricks like give high fives and shake your hand. Well worth the trip!Pros:
-Authentic Taiwanese ingredients that you can distinguish from the taste
-Sweet potato fries and popcorn chicken are outstanding
-Taro ice blended drink was out of this world. I've never tasted such amazing taro flavor before
Cons:
-Very limited seating, 10-11
-Premium pricesGreat food and drink. We had tea and an iced strawberry drink, and both were good. The fries and chicken were also great! The staff were also very friendly.The bubble tea is fantastic. A large is about $5, which I think is a tad pricey, but it is very large (24oz). Would definitely recommend.Finally a bubble tea shop that's the real deal. 
Food: I've had all the snacks and my favorite is the string beans (reminds me of my mom's home cooking), followed by the popcorn chicken.  I like how they keep the food options simple, curated,  well rounded.  
Tea: grapefruit and green tea fresh blend.  So refreshing! My friend got the tomato plum and liked it.  Sounds interesting, next on my list.  
Yum yum. Why they would open on 45th and walnut I don't know,  but I am very very glad :)Don't go here. Their customer service is awful. There's a fee for using a card if it's less than ten dollars. If you don't understand the menu, which isn't well explained, and you don't like what you get, they make you buy something else.Visited with 2 kids and 3 adults. There is VERY LITTLE SEATING HERE! Only 2 very small tables and some bar stools at the window. Luckily we were able to snag a table. 
We came on a Sunday afternoon and the place was very busy. The crowd is pretty young overall. The options for tea are plentiful, food, not so much. The food they do have is very simple but it's a great snack. The bomgels are fried bagels and were a surprise- we had the condensed milk ones.
Other than the seating issue, the worse thing about this place is the wait. Because it was very busy, it took easily 30 minutes to get our food and another 5 or 10 to get our drinks. They need at least 1 more employee during busy times: 1 for dealing w/ customers (taking orders, serving), 1 for cooking, and 1 for making tea. When we came the line was nearly out the door and there were only 2 employees. 
I had the salted green tea, and that was surprisingly delicious! If I were in the area, would definitely come back to get tea and the chicken again!This is the best bubble tea place in west philly! The popcorn chicken is a must!Ordered from Lulu via übereats this afternoon. I had the popcorn chicken roll and sweet potato fries combo. The chicken was moist and flavorful but the bread roll was hard and scratched the inside of my mouth. The fries were average. The Matcha boba latte wasn't very sweet but had a nice flavor. It arrived with all of the ice melted which was possibly the reason why it wasn't very sweet. I didn't like that the cold latte was bagged with the hot food, the latte had spilled a bit and the uber eats courier wasn't aware that there was a drink in the bag so maybe it would be a nice idea to let the courier/delivery drivers know that information so that they can handle it gently. I'll be back for the latte.A cute and small place but it offers a lot. The snacks, popcorn chicken, squid ball, sweet potato fries, are perfect for any drink. If popcorn chicken could come with basil, it will even close to Taiwanese style.I was not impressed. There wasn't a huge selection. It was far away from campus. I went in March when it first opened though. It may have improved.This is my first time visit this cafe. 
A bit far from South Philly, but I want to come here & try other drink ;p
I ordered Shaved ice with herbal jelly, pudding & green tea mochi, Caramel pudding boba Milk Latte, Popcorn Chicken garlic & spicy and Sweet Potato Fries. 
I'm not really fans of shaved ice and sweet potato, but both of them was good. I wish the shaved ice is sweeter than this (maybe I can ask more condensed milk). The Mochi was really good, the pudding was ok.The sweet potato fries was good too, they put in the coffee cup with lids & put 2 skewer, I really like the way they served it. Easy to eat easy to carry. And  the Popcorn Chicken too!
Not too spicy, until you bite the garlic, lol. The Caramel Milk Latte is good, again, because I'm a sweet tooth, I want sweeter then this. But thats fine then. The bubble/boba was good too. I should put on my shaved ice!!! 
Well, I'm sure I will come back here and try other foods and drinks!The best bubbles I've ever had between Philadelphia, NYC, and China!!! If the best bubbles in Chinatown were a 8, this place is a 12! Also, the popcorn chicken were my best fried chicken experience hands down, and I did not feel awful eating a whole serving by myself at all! (Their servings are smaller :)) I love this small place! I'd go more often if they were slightly cheaper.Great new addition to West Philly. Staff is nice and accommodating.
You can indicate sugar and ice levels (0%, 50%, 100%) but even without doing so, the drinks are not overly sweet like a lot of other places. 
I've had the Lulu milk tea and the jasmine green milk tea with redbean added, as well as the red bean boba milk latte without boba (personal pref), and they're all solid choices. 
The Taiwanese popcorn chicken is pretty tasty in original or spicy, but beware the garlic can be overwhelming. The squid balls are good too and you get a decent amount compared to Chinatown. 
I've also gotten the shaved ice all three times I've been to Lulu. The toppings I usually get are lychee coconut, mochi and red bean. However, on my third visit there was something else I found in my redbean mixture. It looked like lint or part of a sponge ? I couldn't finish my shaved ice or drink after that.I love their drink and popcorn chicken dressed with fresh garlic. Modern decoration and nice service!Came here desperate for some boba. This place is a little hidden gem. It has the most adorable decorations with dog decorations everywhere and snacks for anyone who actually brings their doggy with them. 
Boba is was great, made quickly and wasn't too sweet.If I end up living in Philly, I will be coming here often. I had the milk bubble tea; the boba had a good consistency. I assumed the milk tea on the menu came with boba, but you have to ask for it and it's an extra 50 cents. The cafe is tiny, adorable, and has free wifi.I really like this place! The servers are pretty friendly, and the drinks are amazing! They can be a bit on the pricy side, ranging around $4-7 per beverage, but the quality is very good and they are even made with lactose-free milk for those of us who can't have dairy. Sometimes you can even find Lulu, the French bulldog, lounging around in the cafe. I really like this place, and I come here often.This place is sooooo good! There's a huge lack of Taiwanese places in Philly and I'm glad this place popped up. Their snack food is on point (tried everything except for fries) and the shaved ice is amazing. If I'm not wrong they make their brown sugar syrup with tea leaves too. Got the Sea Salt Green Tea with honey boba and its delicious; one of perhaps the best I've had on the east coast. Tea is good quality and not 'thin', good mouth feel. It's like I'm back home in SoCal getting late night Taiwanese snacks.Interesting place. Saw this Taiwanese small eats place pop up in University City so I thought it was worth going to check out. Went by myself one night and ordered what people seemed to really like, which were the sweet potato fries, popcorn chicken, and the standard black milk bubble tea. Boba consistency here is pretty good. However, the amount of sugar in tea could definitely be more as it did taste a little bland (not enough sugar by default; ask for more sugar next time). Sweet potato fries were alright ... decent, but not as crispy as I thought they'd be, but I guess there's only so much one can do with sweet potato fries (I don't think I ever recall crispy sweet potato fries ever). Popcorn chicken by itself is a-ok in the middle, would definitely appreciate if the garlic pieces in the actual snack were not so big as smaller garlic pieces would be so much better. In general, decent place. Not a lot of seating here though so be warned esp. if you're coming here in the winter and place ends up being packed.I want to like this place -- reminds me of a place back home in Rockville, MD -- but the quality is so inconsistent sometimes not even worth eating. This time, it was burnt espresso (liquid charcoal) and mediocre at best drinks and Servings (as depicted). Very underwhelming every time. I think I've finally learned my lesson.Had the Lavender milk bubble tea. I'm a huge fan of bubble tea so wanted to try to this flavor because they usually don't have lavender flavor at other bubble tea places. Soooo the bubble tea has fresh lavender in it. I personally didn't like the bubble tea because of the flavor. But I'm sure that just had to do with my taste budsVery friendly owner. The lulu mike tea is great. definitely recommend to everyone in the area. 
Haven't get the chance to meet Lulu. Hope next time could see her!Great bright spot in the local west philly scene. Very friendly staff who are open to make suggestions. Found Taiwanese street style popcorn chicken! Lulu is small but cozy. Prices are comparable to chinatown. Drinks are great.My partner and I are sort of obsessed with bubble tea and Taiwanese snacks. Not only is this place closer to where we live than the ones in Chinatown, but their tea is great (I had milk green with bubbles and he had honey green), and their snacks are AMAZING! Their sweet potato fries are crazy good, and the popcorn chicken delicious. 
The shop itself is nice but a little small. There's free Wi-Fi, and sometimes, Lulu the dog makes an appearance. 
We will *definitely* be regulars and totally recommend it!Tonight I went back to Lulu for the 4th time. The owner has apologized for the incident that occurred during my last visit and has refunded me for the shaved ice.
Since the beginning, the staff has always been courteous and accommodating. With that said, Lulu will be our go-to for tea and snacks in West Philly. Thanks Janice !Disclaimer: I am a boba snob. In my opinion, good boba is not too mushy but rather closer to an al dente kind of texture. 
I moved here from the Bay Area of California so I've been really missing boba ever since moving to Philly 2 years ago. So glad I can get my fix here; otherwise, I might have to go back to Taiwan or San Francisco, CA! 
Pros: 
- Love that they use honey boba here (although the honey boba is not as sweet as other Boba places in California. Shout out to Teaspoon, my fav boba place in Cali!) 
- very authentic Taiwanese establishment with authentic flavors and snacks that you could expect to find walking down the street in Taiwan. (They hire workers of Taiwanese descent so feel free to order away in Taiwanese!) 
- Their popcorn chicken is da bomb! Ask for both garlic and spicy, you won't regret it! (and it's not too spicy for those with low tolerance)
- awesome ambiance, including their music and decor.
- it's a comfortable level of cool in the summer, the air is not uncomfortably on blast which is very thoughtful
Cons: 
- Their boba texture is inconsistent. Some days it's mushy but other days the texture is in point. (If you like it mushier, ask for less ice and enjoy immediately. If you like boba al dente like me, I found that having regular ice levels and swirling it around to let it firm up in ice has helped.) 
- It's pricy! (See prices below) and they stopped offering stamp cards a long time ago ;(
- cash only for purchases below $10. 
- it's feeding into my boba addiction, lol ;PI loved my experience with Lulu Cafe! 
I had the popcorn chicken,spicy with garlic, and a LULU milk tea with boba delivered through Uber Eats.
The popcorn chicken was amazing!! I wasn't prepared for the sadness that came over me after I realized I had eaten the whole thing. All before even looking at my drink!
The milk tea was perfectly balanced and all ingredients tasted fresh. 
They even wrote "Thank You Zach " on the delivery brown bag 
[In summary]
Great inexpensive food, made with more care then is seen in most restaurants on Uber Eats.I'm really excited that there's more Taiwanese food in West Philly! The food and drinks here are pretty authentic and tasty. Although the interior is aesthetically pleasing, it's in a weird location and is pretty tucked away (so it's kind of hard to find). It's a bit pricey ($4.50 for a large milk tea, which doesn't include boba). There are other more affordable options for Taiwanese drinks that taste just as good. 
Also, each time I visit Lulu's,  I notice that the quantity of their $4.95 popcorn chicken (which comes in a cup smaller than a small coffee) gets less and less.Their milk tea is just nice for me. For those who love milk tea in the less sugary side, this cafe is just for you. 
Their sweet potato fries and salted pepper popcorn chicken are great too. 
Plus you get to meet their mascot - a dog named Lulu. Will visit again.After visiting several times, I've noted some weaker items on the menu. The green beans are seasoned in the same way as the chicken, but they would have been much better had they been crispy. The coffee in the Sea Salt Foam Coffee is a tad too sour.
That being said, this place still has the best sea salt foam/ cheese tea of all the establishments I've tried. Stick with their stronger offerings, which would be the tea drinks.Cute neighborhood bubble tea/ dessert shop near Saad's, lulu cafe offers a variety of bubble tea flavors. They even have a cup split in half to allow for 2 different flavors for indecisive people. 
Sea salt matcha oolong tea is truly the way to go. Matcha foam with sea salt sits on top of the oolong tea. All the flavors mix together nicely as you keep drinking from the straw. The matcha was so creamy that it almost felt like I was drinking matcha ice cream. It was such a nice treat. 
There's other snack foods and shaved ice dessert that I will try next time. 
Just a heads up, there's a credit card minimum so I would bring cash.Love this new cafe/bubble tea shop! If you live in university city or west philly, this is the place to get bubble tea and popcorn chicken. The honey boba was the right chewiness and I love how their drinks aren't too sweet. I usually ask for less sugar but most bubble tea shops still make the drinks really sweet, this is by far the best I've had in philadelphia with making it taste just right and not too sweet. I got the popcorn chicken with chili powder and garlic and I loved how they made it with real garlic pieces and the chicken was meaty and tender! I have yet to try the shaved ice, but I already know I'll be back again. Great service and yummy food.This is the best boba spot. I've been going here since they first opened. Have been wanting to write a review for a while but I kept forgetting. Everything I've tried here is delicious from the drinks to the snacks. My favorite are:  caramel milk tea with pudding and boba, sea salt iced coffee, hot latte, pop corn chicken and sweet potato fries! Plus the logo is so cute!A cute little cafe (the dog decorations are adorable), this place will brighten your mood the moment you step in. But I wish I had as pleasant an experience  with the food and bevarage as I had with the ambience!
I ordered popcorn chicken and jasmine green tea. The chicken was essentially breaded chicken fat/skin, which was very greasy and unhealthy (as it was all fat and no flesh). I had it "garlic-ed up" which made it very spicy and delicious (loved the tiny bits of fried garlic). It could potentially become my best fried chicken ever, if only it had "real chicken"!
After the disappointing food, I sipped on my Jasmine Green Tea which neither had the essence of jasmine nor tasted like tea. It was a green, sweetened liquid. Won't ever order any bevarage here!Love the pop corn chicken and the sweet potato fries! Best Taiwanese street food in philly. The tea also taxes very authentic and not too sweetCute little Taiwanese gem in West Philly. Owners and staff are friendly. Tea and snacks were tasty. We'll definitely go back!I love the GREEN TEA unsweetened at LuLu Cafe and their POPCORN CHICKEN is excellent. Definitely worth tracking this place down-delightful Cafe with awesome decor and high ceilings. Free wifi and good energy! Great addition to West Philly Food Scene!Popcorn chicken and AD milk are the best! Hope they could offer delivery on more platforms not just UberEats.Lulu has very authentic Taiwanese snacks and beverages. Snacks are freshly cooked, so you might have to wait for a little, totally worth it though!They have Philly best popcorn chicken. Whenever I go I order one! But, a little bit waiting time than I expected.Their popcorn chicken (spicy and with garlic) and sweet potato fries are awesome snack options! You just can't stop eating when you get them!! Their snacks are freshly cooked so be patient. They absolutely worth the wait!!!
I LOVE sea salt green tea and jasmine milk tea from their drink menu. Great interior design with free wifi! Also, the owner and employees are very nice and they keep the shop very clean. LULU cafe is definitely a great addition to west Philly!I ordered a iced cold almond milk tea with boba and it came half way filled up hot with no boba through Uber eats. This is very unacceptable and will be my last time. Good luck!I ordered takeout from Uber Eats. The Uber driver was super nice. However, the food is not as good as displayed in the website. I have been to the actual cafe, and the Milky Way tastes better than the one from a takeout. The takeout does not have caramel in it, and from these pictures, you can clearly see the difference. The one on the left is from the store, the other one is from takeout.I love this little cafe. Their bubble tea is delicious; it's never too sweet and every flavor I've tried so far has been satisfying. Their snacks are something you must try if you stop by. I love their popcorn chicken; they season it just right with garlic or onion and it is the perfect combination of savory to top off the sweetness of bubble tea.
The decor here is so cute. It is dog themed. It is clean, the staff is friendly, and your order is made to perfection.
I always come back if I am in the area. I recommend it to everyone!Great for west philly despite the lack of bubble tea places. 
Environment: great for studying with only a few outlets and limited desk space but still giving it a very homey feel with great AC on hot summer days 
Drinks: incredibly fresh. Nothing that particularly stands out versus other bubble tea places but it just means it's equally as good
Price: just a tad pricier than other bubble tea places but for the location, it's worth the insignificant premium
Other food apps: best popcorn chicken I've had in the city. Surprisingly I've had authentic Taiwanese popcorn chicken but this one blew me away. I'm a sucker for salt and this fit that bill..Came here after a long hiatus because I moved out of west Philly. First thing I noticed is their once oh so cute decor is going down the drain. The place is so cluttered with boxes, containers, and junk everywhere. Also, service isn't as nice as it used to be. I ordered mango latte but the worker thought I said mango qq. Doesn't even sound the same, nor have I even heard of that drink before, but they wouldn't fix the drink. Nor is it even on the menu?! How would I order something I've never seen before? We ordered 6 drinks and ALL six were more watery than normal. 
*EDIT* now they comment on my review with false information for publicity instead of correcting their mistakes. Lost a loyal customer AND now will definitely steer other people away from this dirty place.