Ate breakfast here both days of our visit. The menu is creative and the food is perfection. The staff is attentive and make dining here a true pleasure. It is small and intimate inside and I can't wait to visit Philly again so I can have breakfast at Luna Cafe!!!Walked over here from our hotel and VERY happy that we did.  The four of us ordered different menu items and all were spectacular.  My breakfast sandwich was literally the best I've ever had.  The eggs were done to perfection and I can't get over how yummy the sausage was!  
Great server, very friendly and attentive.  Thank you Sarah.  
We loved it and would recommend to anyone!!
The easiest 5 star review in quite a while.Fast to get seated, but after that, we were waiting a while for water and to order. My sister asked if one particular dish was vegan. The server replied, "The ingredients are listed. Wouldn't you know better than me?" Perhaps. Perhaps not, if you cook your food in butter? Not vegan. After ordering,it was evident the place could have benefited from a food runner. Too few girls trying to do too much at once. People kept showing up, making everyone's wait time a little longer, since the two girls were doing it all. One customer came and asked about a large table outside. The server alerted her that the table outside was leaving and asked if she wouldn't mind taking them their bill. Excuse me?! Nonetheless, entertaining, if you have time to kill. Food was decent. Not a lot of flavor, but do-able after a long red eye flight.I have been to Luna Cafe many times for their quinoa bowls, however, today I found a NAIL inside my southwest quinoa bowl. It was IN my mouth! I walked back to show them the nail (I ordered it to go) All they said was "sorry" and didn't offer to give me my money back until I asked for it. I will not be going back to Luna Cafe ever again. Be aware!Very disappointing. Staff does not seem to want give even mediocre service, despite having a restaurant that is not busy. 
Food was a little pricy, but considering that you will wait an hour for your food, at least you'll get a lot for your money. 
Biscuits and gravy were very watery. Skip this place.Staying with friends in old city, are here twice thus far. Service is top notch, smiles and politeness. Food was outstanding. Breakfast can be overdone, but they offer classics and modern takes on said classics that are danged tasty. Had the chicken and waffles the first time, and the biscuits and gravy with turkey bacon the next. Coffee both times was great. Food was great. People are wonderful!Went here for brunch before leaving Philly. Amazing. Latte was good! Breakfast was delicious...I had the lumberjack and my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles. Both were delicious!!!As visitors in town for a few days, I went here with a couple of my friends for brunch. I ordered chocolate chip pancakes with bacon, one friend got The Lumberjack, and the other friend got a buffalo chicken wrap with sweet potato fries. (Only have pics of The Lumberjack because the rest of us were kinda underwhelmed and didn't think to take a pic.) Fries and pancakes for both orders were over cooked/burnt. Sausage for The Lumberjack was a little underdone. The food was just okay. CASH ONLY, which was kind of a drag, but there's an ATM inside (with a $2.75 surcharge for withdrawals, on top of whatever your bank charges for non-branch ATM transactions).Very expensive for way below average food ($13 burger that tasted like McDonalds) tiny $4 mac and cheese absolutely disgusting; service not good either. We paid $40 for one ice coffee, one quesadilla and one burger with mac and cheese on the side. No refills on coffee either. Service didn't bring ketchup or sugar. AND on tope of that is cash only! Go somewhere else on Market St.If you are in the market street area, this is a great place for a brunch... I have tried the omelette any style and coffee... Love it...I had an appalling experience. The first time I went after the grand opening, the portions were too small. I decided to give it another shot and went in today for breakfast. After been seated, I was ignored by the waitresses till I walked up to the counter to ask about ordering. When one finally strolled up, turned out I hadn't even been handed the menu. This was 20 minutes in. I was given one and then abandoned again. I eventually walked out and went across the street to high street restaurant. What a messy and annoying little place.Great food and atmosphere! The hummus, home-made brownies and grapefruit crush mixer were amazing. Highly recommend.Omg best breakfast I have had in awhile!! The biscuit and gravy was AMAZING!! Apple French toast killer! Found my new brunch spot!!I tried this place again but I got a burned meal. Who does that. I mean crispy. I saw the cashier wrap it so I know she saw it as did whomever cooked it.Açaí Bowl was water with chunks of ice and some fruit on top, hostess and server were both pretty rude.The staff is gracious and the spot is beautiful. Best coffee in a competitive block of cafes. A great place to grab lunch after a day of sight seeing with the fam.The worst experience ever! Food was horrible and service was worse! I won't recommend this restaurant to anyone!!! Don't bother!Such a great Old City find! My friends and I discovered it as we were traversing through Old City one weekend afternoon and were not disappointed. It's a tiny little place but has a solid selection with many tasty options to choose from.I'm not sure why they recently decided to switch to CASH ONLY, but there are dozens of better options in this neighborhood that won't force you to run to an ATM. As for the food, the biscuits and gravy were incredibly heavy. I'm a big guy and I couldn't even finish 1/3 of my plate. The biscuits were about as dense and tasteless as I've ever had. Very disappointing. The service was okay, but they never seem to pay as much attention to the outdoor tables, which make up half of their seating. Prices are average for the area. Brunch for two came out to around $30. All in all, not worth a repeat trip.Great breakfast place! It's a quaint breakfast place in the heart of old city. The breakfast bowl was refreshing and the pumpkin French toast was decadent. We will be back!The food was really good. My pancakes were a little burnt but I scraped that off.  The only reason I didn't give this place five stars was because of other factors. They were a bit expensive. They only take cash and the table I was sitting at was wobbly. I looked around and all the tables had wads of paper underneath them. That can get annoying and nerve racking especially if you have drinks on the table.Philadelphia has a bagel problem. Or perhaps I have the bagel problem. No matter, they are two sides of the same coin. But the bottom line is that excepting Philly Style Bagels, Good Karma, Spread, and South Street Bagels, most random cafes and fooderies have terrible, frozen, effectively inedible lumps of stale bread they call a "bagel". 
Even with this backdrop, I had high hopes that Luna would have taken their bagelry seriously, given the charming-ish setup. But instead I received a half frozen, rock hard block of loaf with nary enough cream cheese to dent my formidable tastebuds. 
It's a weird thing us victims do, we start to blame ourselves - "my expectations are too high" "it's early in the morning, nobody can be expected to properly serve food at 7:30 AM on a weekday", and other lame excuses meant to misdirect accountability. This self-blaming manifesting as generosity explains 3 stars instead of 2 (of 1).Great little neighborhood gem! It's quaint. The waitresses were attentive. The prices appropriate. And the food was sublime! I had the Cornbread Eggs Jefferson--an inventive take on the eggs Benedict (as Benedict was a traitor as so it's been renamed). First off what a great combination with the cornbread! A little sweet with savory--ham and eggs on top with a perfectly baked cornbread and doused in some sort of sweet jam! Forget the hollandaise, this was inventive Benedict heaven. 
My boyfriend had the Desayuno, a breakfast wrap filled with pulled pork, potatoes, eggs, and some sort of magic because it was so tasty, no sentence could justify its description. I suggest trying it yourself! It's spicy, it's savory, the portion was generous, and it is as my boyfriend described "the best breakfast he's had...ever."
We also ordered a stack of pumpkin chocolate pancakes which I wanted to so deeply love but the pancakes were burnt on the outside due to the fact that it was so thin...despite it being burnt it was still delicious. If it wasn't burnt it would've been phenomenal. 
Luna Cafe is definitely going to be one our go to places for brunch! Glad it's around the corner and since it's so new--has yet to be crowded. I kind of don't even want to tell people about it so this place doesn't get packed!I was surprised to see this place packed on a rainy Monday morning. I got a bar seat all the way in the back of the restaurant. It definitely has a coffee shop feel to it. 
The service was fast and the staff were easy going and friendly.
I had the Fried Chicken and Waffles. The chicken looked very crispy so was concerned it might be dry however it was moist! What a relief! The white maple gravy wasn't too sweet which I liked. It was a hearty meal. 
One thing I was turned off by was that they only take cash!! They do have an ATM inside but why in 2018? It such an inconvenience especially if you're just grabbing breakfast. Thankfully I had cash. 
Overall, it's a cute place with good food. Go with cash on hand!The brunch is amazing.... The breakfast sandwich is my favorite. Avocado egg bacon on a bagel. I've also had the eggs Benedict type thing on the menu and it's delicious. It comes on top of cornbread and is filling. I love it here!! Only con is you never know what type of seating will be open as its small in there.I want to go back to Philadelphia just to eat here again. It was like eating breakfast at a French restaurant. French toast with fresh peaches and cream.. it's as luxurious as food can get. I had avocado toast with salmon. Unbelievably yummy stuff.
Cash only--important to know ahead of time!Both food and service were enjoyable; this cafe is quaint and a great spot to sit outside and enjoy a light lunch or brunch made with local ingredients. You can also byob and enjoy your bottle with house made mixers!Great place for breakfast.  Tacos were very good. Biscuits and gravy a winner on both counts:  sausage gravy reminded me of Mom's kitchen back home as did the biscuits. The rest of the menu looked interesting as well.We stopped by here for breakfast while in town for the weekend.  The breakfast place we originally wanted to go to wasn't opened so we found this place on yelp. I really wish I read the reviews. I got the fried chicken and waffle. It was very bland. The waffle was nothing special. The fried chicken wasn't seasoned at all and it tasted like they fried it in old oil. The service was just ok. Our waitress just did the minimum work. Took our orders and gave it to us. Came back around to give us our bill and that was it. It wasn't busy, yet so it was not like she was overly busy.Great place and had a cozy feel. Fun comments on the walls and friendly staff. Will come again!Amazing café to visit if you're in Philadelphia. The pancakes were amazing and the free refills on coffee were most definitely a lovely addition. 
The staff were very welcoming and helpful. Brought one of their own handmade mugs as well. 
If you're in Philadelphia I definitely recommend a visit.The food is wonderful but they are severly under staffed. They seemed to not care that a coworker and I  had to sit and wait 45 minutes for a to go order. I would go here daily but they can't serve the customers who are already there. what a wasteAwesome, awesome! Walked in and was warmly greeted by a very nice smiling young lady.  She recommended the breakfast bowl with bacon.  What a choice and it was very healthy.  Definitely would recommend as a place to stop.So. Many things were terrible. 
1. We walked in and the hostess asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside. We agreed we would prefer inside. We saw an available table, so why not? The host replied that will be a wait. We were starving, so we agreed to eat outside. 
2. The table was dirty. I'm not a snob or a neat freak, but cmon, there was cream left on the table from a previous party. 
3. There were bees everywhere. Seriously. It was so bad that I had to tell the hostess that we needed to sit inside. She basically told me all the seats were taken and rolled her eyes at me. I saw other tables trying to move and swatting bees away too. 
4. So, we order and I ask for the sweet potato bowl. During this time, me and my sister had to leave because we were a little freaked out by the bees. My fiancé called to let us know the food was there. Except my food was not. 
5. I'm waiting for my food, and realize by this point the rest of the party was finishing their dishes. The. They brought my dish. It was two pieces of cauliflower and two pieces of broccoli and some shredded carrots on a bed of quinoa. 
6. I was starving by this point, but I didn't want to eat what was served to me. My sister had to give me half of half of her sandwich so I didn't stab anyone. The waitress did not check in once and was no where to be found. 
So, if you're a trendy and hungry tourist, just go somewhere else.We were really excited to come to Luna Cafe! But sadly it wasn't that great! Service wasn't good at all had to go inside for refills on coffee and silverware. Are food came out wrong and no one ever came out to see if there was any issues. When we went to pay we asked for separate checks but was told they didn't do that and since its cash only we can just split it ourselves. Over all not a great experience! But the mugs are cute!Great little restaurant! For lunch I had an amazing tomato bisque (the soup of the day) and grilled cheese sandwich, and a cup of hot tea w milk.  Great service and environment.  Need to return for dinner sometime.Had the French toast with apples and whipped cream, Along with service with a smile. It was fantastic!Happened upon this while doing the tourist thing and looking for a cute, local cafe. This fit the bill. Classic cafe cozy with outdoor seating. I ordered the BLT with arugula on sourdough and side salad. BLT was a good portion and the bacon was thick, tomatoes fresh, and bread crisped just right. All were in a good proportion so no one element stood out.
Side salad was larger than I expected, with all fresh produce with mixed greens, and just a light vinaigrette. All delicious, and worth the price. I would definitely come back here or recommend it. Exactly the type of place I like to find when visiting a city.This place is super cute and I am eager to come dine-in when I have the time. I have only gotten take-out so far and while it was good, I'm not in a rush to return.
Upon entering, I read the "cash only" sign and almost turned around to walk out. Seriously, having a cash only establishment these days is not appealing to customers. I mean, people pay with for things with their iPhones - cash is old news. I sucked up the $2.75 ATM fee though mainly because I was starving and going to be late to work. 
The menu is rather unique and the breakfast bowl I had was delicious, but pretty expensive at $8.00 (and that did not include any meat). 
On the plus side, the mugs are super cute. If they sold them, I'd probably buy one!We walked in for brunch and were refused service, despite an open table. Will not come back.I had the pleasure of dining at Luna Cafe on Wednesday evening before the theater. I enjoyed the Greed Salad and the Salmon both were delicious and fresh.  My girlfriend order the Lemon Chicken and Kale & Quinoa salad, healthy portions and very tasty. For dessert we order the carrot cake & brownie and shared both, yummy!! We will make this our go to restaurant in Old City....  FYI.....Free parking in Old City after 5pm on Wednesday !! Found out by accident from a meter person, this is good to know.Problems with the coffee maker is an issue for breakfast patrons. Not good. Pancakes with "Lunaberries" was good. Homemade sausage patties was surprisingly good.  Cornbread was very dry and service slow.  Eggs Jefferson with eggs, bacon, cornbread and a hollandaise was good.Really good food! Loved the chicken and waffles and the omelets were super most and delicious.   It's a very hipster cafe but also serves all the good comfort foods. Only downer is they're cash only.It costs $3 extra to substitute scrambled tofu for eggs, which is just ridiculous. I ordered the Big Green, which was described as scrambled tofu with veggies and cost $12. I don't eat much and was hoping to be able to stretch it for two meals. The dish came with *maybe* 3 tablespoons worth of scrambled tofu. I ate the whole thing and left hungry. It was a ripoff.The space was really lovely. I had the caprese pesto sandwich. It was HUGE. The bread to cheese ratio didn't work for me unfortunately.One of the few places that opens at 7 AM in the Independence Mall area during the week. Their menu has something for everyone. A lot of healthy options as well as other preferences.Quaint little cafe right along Market Street in Old City. Hostess/servers were friendly, food was delicious, and the portions were just right.Stopped here for Saturday brunch and had the biscuits and sausage gravy and a green juice. I am glad to have eaten here.
The service was not only prompt and professional but was also warm and friendly. - an extension of the owner, I'm sure.
The homemade biscuits had a nice light texture and their flavor complimented the gravy. This comes with two eggs. The green juice (a kale, spinach and fruit smoothie) was just sweet enough, thick but still strawable.
The menu provided enough different choices that I'm encouraged to return and try them all.
What was truly remarkable to me was how every customer was made to feel welcome.Went here to grab a bite for dinner with my girlfriend, and it was okay at best. The place has a quiet and relaxing atmosphere. The waitress was nice and was very attentive toward us, so the service was decent. The food was nothing spectacular, but nothing awful. The Craisin Turkey sandwich was decent, and I did like the craisin spread. The salad on the side did have a funny aftertaste, so that left a lot to be desired. I don't think I would go out of my way to grab dinner, but maybe come in for a coffee and pastry.Great little cafe! Potatoes were probably the best I've ever had. Coffee and rye toast were good too. Bacon was all fat though, pretty much inedible. Live music was starting around time we left. I will definitely go back. Cash only too!!!An absolutely lovely experience in every way. At noon on a Sunday, only waited 10 minutes for a table on a comfy couch. 
Cozy atmosphere with a performer playing ukulele. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my boyfriend had coffee in the most charming mug (i'll wait until next time for this, but they sell them for $25) and The Lumberjack, which was layered egg, sausage, pancake, and maple aioli. My Huevos (3 separate ones!) were some of the best I've ever had, with a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg and cilantro aioli. 
Lots of vegetarian and vegan options. Attentive and kind servers. Only downside is cash only. I will certainly be back again... And again...Great place to eat breakfast. Good coffee. Didn't feel uncomfortable as a solo traveler. The menu has a ton of different options including seasonal specials.Wonderful layout, super friendly staff! Sarah has created an ambiance and menu to rival many prominent restaurants in Philly and New York! For a healthy portion of extremely healthy cuisine, provided by local farmers freshness - it's worth a visit! There support of local artists is also great, with art and sculptures on display. Highly recommend the signature desert! Kale and Quinoa with Salmon is excellent.  Had the Pulled Pork Quesadilla, and Birch Beer soda..I was staying at the Wyndham around the corner. I wanted to get a nice breakfast. I fell upon this place and after reading some reviews thought this would be the place. First impression, it had this cool hipster feel of an upscale coffee house. Seemed promising enough. I was offered to sit down, I ordered some coffee at first, that the waitress brought with no milk. No big deal, I asked when I ordered my meal. I got the 2 plus 2 plus 2. Eggs, a sausage patty, potatoes and wheat toast. I ordered my eggs over easy as I always do. The potatoes were nice and crispy, a bit over salted but that's just my taste. The sausage patty was good, not gonna lie. The eggs though. They were not over easy or over medium they were over hard. So that wonderful runny yolk you expect was not there. Total letdown. The waitress seemed disinterested in her interactions with all the customers. She didn't ask if I wanted more coffee as it got cold. I guess to make people feel comfortable they dress in street clothes, which is cool I guess, but it just comes off as rolled outta bed and came to work. This place I'm sure does well, location location location. There are some things it does well, but not being able to cook an over easy egg is blasphemy.This place is awesome!!! The food and service was amazing! Servers are very friendly and attentive! It's a very chill vibe! We are from Mass and found the reviews on Yelp very helpful! We are very happy with the choice! I would highly recommend Luna to everyone that come to Philly!First time at Luna Cafe- the breakfast was very good! I got the Lumberjack which was essentially a breakfast sandwich between two small pancakes. Also had great coffee. The atmosphere was everything you want in a small breakfast cafe. Cozy, warm, and the service was fast. Will definitely be back!Great spot close to our hotel. It's very cozy and charming, and the food was pretty good too. Right off the main drag, two blocks away from the big tourist attractions.GREAT place for breakfast!! The wait can be long, so we tend to call in and pick up. But the atmosphere is awesome there! Get there early....or late.Cute place, great food, perfect spot for a quick casual cozy brunch with your loved ones. Definitely recommend. 5 stars.Food was ok. Coffee was good. It's cash only!! The service wasn't exemplary. It was pretty empty and we didn't get a refill on any drinks. I was trying to get her attention to ask about some salsa and ask for more coffee, but I just gave up. If service was better I would consider going back. Overall it was ok.Was happy to find an all day breakfast place close to home. Food is great, wait staff is friendly, love their coffee.Best new restaurant in Old City. Latkes and burgers were excellent. Friendly, warm, modern ambience.A very sweet little place that feels new and perhaps overlooked (or undiscovered?) by the multitudes. The breakfast burrito was perfectly spiced and amply proportioned.  The breakfast menu has plenty of healthy and local items. The juices looked absolutely tantalizing. I think this place could improve on their timing (getting everyone's beverages out at the same time, etc., but it's only a matter of time before they're a 4-star because the quality of the food is excellent).This place looked cute from the outside so we decided to luncheon here. The server wasn't too good, never refilled water, never checked to see how everything was and only greeted us and handed us the check at the end. However, the Desayuno wrap was delicious and the 2X2X2X was as expected. Also side note, the OJ was $4 for a 6 oz glass (not sure if refills) but I felt that was overpriced but maybe that's the norm in Philly.My neighbor and I decided to try this newer local restaurant.  We are always eager to support places in our neighborhood.  Mistake!!!  I think we left more than we ate.  I really never went to a restaurant where a grilled cheese sandwich was almost inedible until I ordered it at Luna Cafe.  The bread tasted old and the one piece of cheese on the bread did not add any flavor to it.  The wrap was fair and expensive for what we got.  Because we rarely judge a restaurant after a first visit, we decided to share our concerns with the waitress.  That went nowhere as well.  My advice...if you want a delicious meal at a fair price with excellent service...go across the street to High Street and enjoy!!!!Pick up breakfast to go, food were hot, very light, taste good. Staff is friendly and helpful. You must know they only accept cash. No credit card, but they have a ATM inside the restaurantI liked this restaurant. Lots of interesting choices. Loved the quinoa portobello and pesto bowl. Also the chicken Caesar salad.  Sweet potato fries were a little soggy but I would go back. Service was fine.I was a little disappointed. The food was bland and had no flavor. They said their biscuits were homemade but, they served me a cold biscuit. The staff was very friendly and kind.It was okay. I had breakfast this morning and had a build your own omelette with avocado, mushrooms and tomatoes. I paired it with fruit, but I didn't eat the bread. It was a nice morning, so I sat outside. It's great that they have outside seating, but parking can be a challenge. I had a peppermint tea, but my server didn't refill my hot water. Service was just okay I guess.Delicious frittata with zucchini red pepper and feta. Served woth multi grain bread and potatoes. Fast friendly serviceDisappointing. 2 orders of avocado toast, one cup of coffee, side order of mini pancakes, side of turkey bacon.  $42 dollars with tip.  Cash only and they charge $3 atm fee.  avocado toast had almost no avocado and paper thin slice of tomato.  The food is below average and expensive.  There are several great places for brunch in old city and this isn't one of them.  i won't return.Enjoyed a very nice breakfast here last Sunday. I loved my Philly Muffin!! My husband ordered the breakfast tacos. He thought the filling was tasty. I enjoyed the coffee too! I had a delicious latte. However, my husband wasn't thrilled with the regular, drip coffee. Staff was very friendly. I would definitely stop in here again the next time I'm in town.Had good reviews and we were excited to try but the service was lacking, many things were forgotten (butter for toast, cream for coffee). Eggs were runny. Toast came 15 minutes after main dish. Never refilled the coffee. Pancakes were raw in the middle. Was total chaos inside.  The ambience was cool though. Probably most of it because of how busy they were. Feedback given was not well received (no sense of customer service/trying to accommodate or even really acknowledging the concerns) and comp for eggs only given grudgingly.   Originally review was 1 star but I think maybe just having an off meal during a busy service. Coffee was good, potatoes were good, avocado toast was good. I wouldn't go back personally after the awkward exchange we had with the manager but I wouldn't totally write the place off either - maybe just don't go during peak time and don't expect any accommodation if you're honest about any issues with the food.Had a pretty poor experience here. We showed up and asked if the tables were taken so knew there would be a wait which is totally fine until the hostess began to seat parties that arrived after us. When we asked them about it, they told us we would still have to wait.Loved this place!  Went during lunch but my kids ordered french toast (delicious!) and nutella toast (delicious!) I had an amazing iced coffee (ok, I had nutella toast too).  Our server was the sweetest young woman and she just added to our great experience. Atmosphere is quaint and comfortable - you can sit outside.  Cash only. We will eat here every time we are in the area.Great place to have brunch! Break was amazing we ordered the huevos rancheros and the chicken and waffles very good choices!!! Staff was very friendly and informative will come back again!!  I didn't give it 5 stars because they don't serve alcohol (mimosas/bloody Mary's)I'd been craving good pancakes for ages, so I set on a long city hike on Sunday morning from Fishtown to Old City to find the perfect place- a place that wasn't too busy, wasn't too expensive, and, of course, had pancakes. Just as I was about to give up and get a breakfast sandy from Wawa, I noticed the little sidewalk sign for Luna Café. Though small and busy, I noticed a table leaving, so I decided to take the plunge.
I was riding solo and dining-in (apparently take-out is a thing here). They asked if I wanted to sit at the bar in the back. I was shocked, given the size of the small front dining area, that Luna Café had a bar, but hey? Why not? Well, to my surprise the bar what not remotely what I expected. It was small bar, more of a shelf really, lining a narrow passageway to an emergency exit/ cleaning closet. It was completely secluded and separate from the rest of the café, and I was the only one back there. I was a little confused, because when I walked in, there was a small table for two at the front. When I took my bar seat at the back, I almost felt like I was put there because I was ugly or something, hidden from the rest of the public. I'm used to dining alone, but I still enjoy the company of others. It was bizarre to be on the outside looking in, and I think the service staff nearly forgot me a handful of times.
Speaking of the service, it wasn't bad but it wasn't overly great either. I guess I was just a little salty about being sat, secluded by myself.
I ordered the pancakes ($10) with chocolate chips ($2 up charge), and a side of bacon ($3). The bacon was very greasy, and I would have liked it a bit crispier. Everyone has different bacon opinions though. The pancakes were chock-full of chips (see what I did there). They weren't super fluffy, but I could tell they were hot and homemade. They definitely satiated my cravings, though I think the $12 price tag is a little on the high end.
Luna Café has a cute little set-up for a quick morning bite, and it's located in the heart of Old City, walking distance from great sights and shops. It's about 100 steps from the 2nd and Market stop on the Market-Frankford Line, so public transport is your best bet in getting here. 
I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come here again. It was a pretty good meal, but the whole experience was rather forgettable.Luna Café is a cute, quaint restaurant specializing in breakfast brunch and lunch. It is nicely decorated with original wall art (for sale) by a local artist. We were waited on immediately and served our drinks within minutes. Indoor and outdoor seating options available. We ordered the biscuits and gravy and the Brioche Apple cinnamon French toast. Both were delicious. The apples on the French toast are soft and flavorful. The gravy is buttery and rich. We stayed at the Wyndham hotel just a block over and walked over in less than 5 minutes. Would recommend to anyone visiting Philly + free WiFi!This brand new spot on Market street is just what the neighborhood needs. 
From quick bites to inspired entrees, you can get it all at Luna Cafe. The decor is really nice too- a lot of hard work and love went into this place. 
Everyone here is really nice, the service is prompt and the coffee (Philly Fair Trade) is AMAZING!!!Food was absolutely delicious, staff was very nice, CASH ONLY so be prepared for that but it wasn't an issue (they have an ATM), atmosphere was very cute and an overall lovely experience