A little place to grab a quick slice and for $1.25 you can't beat it. Fast, convenient and cheap plus the pizza is actually good. The owner is an old school Italian kinda guy and I had the joy of shooting the shit with him while he heated the slice up. In this day and age these kind of places are far and beyond getting harder to find but look past the low key interior the rough edges on the place just remember $1.25 a slice.Horrible service. Old, stale slices kept in cake display with a lid that drips evaporation on the slices. Unsanitary and not worth the trip.Joey is related to the Wildwood Macks and uses the original Macks recipe from the 50's & 60's.  Joey runs the shop and makes the pizzas and it's as good as or better than Macks Wildwood pizza...there, I said it!  I give the Wildwood Macks the edge because there's nothing better than having a slice on the boardwalk with the ocean at your back...but Romanticism aside, Joey Mack's is bona-fide 5 star pizza and worth the trek for!Worst pizza ever!!! My children and I physically got sick from this pizza.  It is NOTHING like Mack's or Mack n Manco down the shore.  DISGUSTINGWent there to get a steak sandwich for my daughter and the meat was nonexistent. I literally was able to pull all the meat to one side of the roll so it looked like a sandwich.I ordered a large pizza from here despite reading from several reviewers who never got their order. I got a call from the driver around the estimated delivery time and I answered and said that I'd be right out, to which he replied that he'd been banging on my door for some inordinate amount of time and that I could forget about my pizza. The idiot was banging on my neighbors door and never thought to call me until after he decided not to give me my pizza. While he was yelling at me I tried to explain the concept of a single street address having multiple apartment numbers, and reminded him that he had my apartment number AND phone number, but he wasn't having any of it. "Well that's a hard address to deliver to" he said. In 3 years of almost daily delivery to this address no one has ever had a problem before. It blows my mind that you could reach the point of rage quitting BEFORE the point of deciding to call me. What an unbelievable moron.Very good pizza. Simple, tasty, and cheap ($1 a slice.) Very nice older guy working there, friendly and helpful. Very flavorful sauce, thin crust that's very crispy. The thin crust doesn't fill you up, either, so you're not gorging on empty carbs.  I like it and will be back. 
Why pay $3 a slice at some fancy yuppie place when you can get a great pie here cheap?Not impressed.  We ordered for delivery which was timely, but the pie arrived cold, the cheese had slid over to the side and the crust def was not as good as down the shore.  The crust tasted like they had a hard time rolling it out and it was kind of rubbery, it tasted like crackers or matzo or something, it was very bland.  With that said, had the pizza been hot, the sauce is pretty good and the toppings (though there was barely any sausage at all on the half of the pizza that we ordered) were decent..  I live in South Philly and I just think that they need to do a little better considering the area!!  I don't think I would bother giving them another chance, there are too many other places to try.This pizza was terrible compared to even the lowest of standards. This is most definitely not the same "Mack's Pizza" from down the shore. Do yourself a favor and DONT order from here.A Joey Mack's Boardwalk Pizza Haiku:
South Jersey pizza.
In the heart of South Philly??
Too good to be true!
Thank you.If there was an option to take stars away I would.  This place is crap.  I was hoping for something remotely similar to the boardwalk pizza they claim to have.  Not.  Even.  Close!!  I'm almost ready to throw the slices I got in the trash.  When I was leaving the owner said "Best Pizza in Philly."  I responded with "I guess we'll see."  Well... he was DEAD wrong.  Pizza Hut has beeter pizza than this place!!I can't say enough about this pizza.   If you prefer thick dough chewy junk, go somewhere else. This is hands down the best pie in the city. The reviews calling the owner out may have some merit but don't let them scare you off.  He's a south Philly character.definitely worth the price. Super fast delivery. My only gripe would be the sauce. it's pretty bland. Over all goodSo many pizza places in south philly only reason I'd try this out is because I want to taste a staple of the shore (wildwood/ocean city) Mack's and Manco's pizza. Walking it's like a time warp back to the establishment date of 1973, nothing has changed. If seen dive bars but not dive pizza shops. The guy behind the counter didn't seem as crabby as everyone complains on yelp. I order a slice and it was pretty good, not as authentic as the shore. I felt the cheese and sauce were on point as the shore pizza, but the bread tasted different and it wasn't as oily. I rode red a pie to bring home to have my wife taste it. She only agreed that he cheese tasted the same but she did enjoy it. While I was there a steady amount of people    kept stopping in. The price was a lot cheaper than the shore at $1 a slice and $9 for a pie. Just close your eyes when you walk in while you order and wait for your pizza. Heads up no credit cards are accepted at this place!UPDATING you all one thing for sure there is two ways about Macks boardwalk pizza Either they love it or despise it aint no umm errr could be better i had worse replies ! 
YES the place is small YES it's dingy but what do you expect for a single lil old man operation? 
NOW for the positive tell me where in any area within 35 miles of south philly where can you but a slice of pizza and a can of soda for $1.75 
THE pizza has won many awrds in Philly review philly mag and recently ZAGAT's top food rating of 26 thier highest is 29 !
All though Macks aint the only one making 18" thin pies around Try Stadium pizza at 10th st and moyamensing ritner intersection BUT way more for a slice and soda !
I work for Joey p/t mon - tues - wed. and late nights only  1 hr fri and sat basically on call !
HE's just kinda psychotic or manic depressive cries when no biz at all then curses when 5 calls come in in 15 mins LOL!
Whatever the negative reviews are true the postive ones are true also but guess what as far filthy food garabge with extra stuff in your food try eating MC d's burger king wendy's what those grill people do when your not looking will make you sick ! 
When i order burger king or wendy's food anywhere I want it cooked fresh in front of my eyes me watching !
Macks pizza yes it gets cold but it's under cover at all times just have him pop  it in oven for 2 mins and it's piping fesh hot again because of the high quailty dough used sauce and super special blend of wisconsin cheese !
Thats why the flavor is sharper than your other south philly pizza's !
Joey dosent want to sell 100 pies per day or 200 slices he had enough of that over 40 years down the shore !
Just needs lil more steady customers like 5 deliveries oer day and 20 walk ins will  keep him in businees easier !Delivery man refused to bring us our order! 
After waiting for a while we received a phone call and figured it was our delivery man. 
We answered "Hey, I'll be right out"
He barks back "You'll be right out?! I've been knocking on your door for 45 minutes?!"
"No, you must have the wrong door"
"I'm at the address!" and hangs up.  
We go outside to look for him and call back "Where are you? There's a few doors, it's apartments that are numbered" 
"That's a confusing place to deliver too! You can forget about your pizza! I'm telling grubhub you didn't get it" 
He hangs up again, doesn't answer his phone when we try to call back.  We never see him so he must have been completely at the wrong address banging on one of our neighbors' door.  The restaurant doesn't pick up their phone when we call to complain.
It was completely infuriating- arguing over where our door is and then being told "you can forget about your pizza."  A delivery man that is stumped by apartment numbers?  There's 8 doors, all clearly labeled, and our phone number was on our order for just such confusion.  
Customer service at Grub Hub was great and quickly refunded our money (btw the delivery guy never reported that the meal wasn't delivered). 
I absolutely would never order from them again.my new favorite place! sooo thin. the crust is like a thick cracker. the sauce is like tomato soup. the cheese blends right into it all. the place is tiny with a just 2 small ovens. joey makes every pizza himself it seems. his friends were hanging out and talking but everyone greeted my kindly when i walked in. joey was so friendly and sweet! and a large is huge and only $9! i want to only go here now. cash only!This place is a joke , he's a fraud !!! This was not close to Mack's pizza !!! Junk I had heart burn all day when I went there !! I had Mexican guys working for me even they new it was no good !! Slop shop don't even know how the place stay in business !!!! 
And the guy inside is a miserable person !!! Never will be in here again !!!!!This place is a hole in the wall thatserves the most authentic Jersey Shore pizza in Philadelphia. It's sooo good and cheap (a buck a slice). Every time I am driving down Oregon ave I stop here and get a slice - even if I am not hungry because it's that good! It's the direct descendant from Mack and Manco from the shore and tastes just as good if not better. Grab a slice and a soda for a buck/50 and you will be pleased.As fans of the NJ Mack's dynasty we decided to give this place a shot.  It is definitely not the most inviting looking place, and those describing it as a "hole in the wall" are being kind.  I ordered up a large and hit the dive across the street to drink a beer while I waited.  20 minutes later we were riding up Oregon Ave housing slices like nobody's business.  This pizza is good!  Nice crisp crust, just how I like it.  Definitely different from any of the other Mack's locations, but you can taste the relation.  And yeah, at 9 bucks the price can't be beat.  I found the owner to be a friendly, funny little guy who urged us to take extra menus "to give to friends and relatives".  I thought that was really cute.Sadly, I can't give this place as many stars as I want to.  If I could, I would probably give a one and a half.  You can tell what family this is from by the cheese and the sauce.  Unfortunately, the crust just isn't any good, too thick and not very tasty.  I tried it a couple years ago and was disappointed, and I am disappointed again.  I was hoping for a less spectacular version of the famous places in south Jersey, but no.  My go to spot for delivery was closed today, and I was excited to try Mack's again but it just doesn't do it for me.Horrible, the guy here is the rudest an nastiest person I have ever met. He literally yelled at my 3 year old son for watching him make pizza. I will never go back here and I would not recommend this to anybodyI guess all the reviewers taste buds have been burnt or don't know what pizza is suppose to taste like. This ain't it.There's this little hole in the wall on 10th & Oregon that of you didn't turn around just in time you would pass right by Joey Mack's...until your nose got a whiff of it that is. 
It's one of those pizza joints run by a short Italian man wearing a greasy wife-beater tank that reminds you of those Futurama episodes with Panucci's Pizza. It's a little dank, nothing fancy, and usually has at least a few regulars milling around arguing about how much the world has changed since they were young and how teenagers these days are ignorant sissys. 
If you're familiar with the New Jersey branch of Mack's Pizzas then you probably know Joey Mack's story- relative of the chain who broke off, had a stint of his own on the boards but wound up in Philly in his later days. You'll also recognize the mouth water taste of the sweet sauce and think crust. The basis and thin layer of cheese are just right when I'm not quite in the mood to gorge myself; it's so light that you can easily have three or four slices before realizing that your full. 
Definitely check is out and help support local business...not big chains.Any negative reviews attacking Joey's character are by overly sensitive people who are looking for any reason to criticize (bully) on line. Their revues should not affect your choice at all. Macks is the best pizza anywhere! This is well worth my drive down there at least once every 4 weeks. There was actually one reviewer who likes Pizza Hut so you gotta disregard her as having no taste whatsoever. This place is worth the trip. Ask for half cooked...go home and heat for 5 minutes at 450F and you have it fresh hot at home.Joey Mack's is stright up the best pie in South Philly. The photocopied punk rock flyer looking menu under my door was enough to pique my interest and give them a try. That was like 5 years ago and I've never ordered from anywhere else since. I'm a Lazarro's fan as well, but this is close to my new place and different. Crunchy, thin crust and pretty sure parm is loaded in with the sauce.
Not only in the food great, but sometimes Joey is takin orders on the phone, delivering, and cookin pies! Somehow he still finds the time to handwrite "MACK'S" on every box. If more small palces did what Joey did, I'd be a happy man.Cold pizza with no taste the owner gives you a bad attitude when you walk in. Stay clear this place
What makes a dive bar a dive? A well-worn, cheap and simple decor? A lack of trying? Shitty beer? An uneasy feeling that you may or may not be stabbed before the end of the nite?
Well, all of these characteristics apply to Joey Mack's Boardwalk Pizza. Holy hell, what a dive this joint is. There's old, cold pizza sitting on the counter, crappy memorabilia on the wall, and a surly old guy serving pizza when he isnt watching the news on an old 19 inch tv.Ordered a pizza from here via grubhub. Paid an extra 4 dollars for pepperoni and onion. The pizza came and not only was there a layer of grease, but there were very few pepperonis and onions. The cheese on this pizza is gritty. You'd be better off ordering from dominos.Basic pizza slices. No sit down to speak of. Nice guy. Offered me a free soda with a $1 slice!This is The Absolute Best Pizza in south philly!!!!   and I should know Im fat ant Love to eat!Definitely not anything like Mack and mancos! They should not advertise as such. I am terribly disappointed. If I wasn't starving, I would have drove this pizza back and ordered elsewhere!!Just to update the place is still dingy and so is Joey but he has added new chairs and fixed up the counter top and added tiles to walls to make it look better.
Hey he only rents the place he dosen't own it .
 Some of YOU had bad experience lately with a driver who was there two weeks HE was fired and now NEW guy John is a very sweet guy and YOU will enjoy him delivering on thurs thru sunday I do mon tues wed. 
JOE is always depressed because he barely scraping by but he cannot afford huge advertisement HE cannot handle large business he just cant trust anyone else to help cook the pizza the right way.
SO maybe my new promo will help him average $150 a day.
 One thing about Macks i have heard that the jersey shore is now yuck they are not using the family recipe. Just yesterday one man came down from North East philly to BUY macks and he said he was at macks this past summer and it was horrible.
SO your best bang for the buck ($9.00)if you like the thin crispy 18" pie is here in south philly about 100 ft off corner of 10th st and orgeon av. 1 mile north of the stadium complex 
5 blocks from subway stop at Broad and Oregon about 1 mile west from delaware ave columbus blvd.   Deilvery wise we are fast because our area is small from time you place order to delivery never longer than 40 mins 
Call before 9 pm for delivery drivers leave at 9 or 8 :30 on week nights 
I cannot change attitude there are some wacko people that come in here belive me real thugs that are looking to cause trouble some people are driving me nuts and that's bad .... they seem to think it's ok to come in ask to use a pen or get paper to write own or get tape or napkins and other non food items for free??? Plus many ask to borrow money from Joey? OK thats it 100% trueDisappointing. We ordered 2 pizzas, mozzarella sticks and salt and vinegar fries. The salt and vinegar fries were soggy. The mozzarella sticks had very little cheese, what cheese they did have was spilled out and they too were soggy. Both pizzas were not terrible. However, they are very greasy. The crust tastes a little like crackers. The sauce is ok, and the cheese could be better. Delivery is fast and friendly, and the guys who take your order are extremely nice as well. Cheap prices, too. My hope is that the people who run this place take this criticism as something to improve on. I would like to continue to give my business to this place since i feel they have a good grasp on their community.My friends and I unexpectedly happened upon Mack's Boardwalk Pizza as we were leaving a very crowded Chickie's and Pete's over the weekend.  I am a lifelong South Jersey resident and so am familiar with the famous Mack & Manco's Pizza.  I had heard rumors that Joey Mack's was owned by the same people as Mack and Manco's, but had never seen the place and could not be sure if that assertion was true.  Well, Joey Mack's appeared out of the blue on Oregon Ave. and so we decided to try it out.  
The place is definitely "dive-ish". The interior is super small and could probably only sit about 5 people MAX. However, as soon as we walked in we were greeted enthusiastically by the owner and a very reasonably priced menu at $1 a slice.  As we waited for our slices to warm, we explored the wall memorabilia and inquired about the owner's relation to Mack & Manco's. He told us that this father and uncle are the original owners, proving the rumors true. 
The pizza itself was very good. It had a thin crust with an equal ratio of sauce to cheese (or in other words, you could actually taste the flavor of the sauce without being overwhelmed by cheese). The cheese itself was light and slightly sweet. The one thing that we could tell was that the pizza had probably been sitting out for awhile because the crust was hard.  There was definitely a consensus that in the future we should order a pie to get the "fresh" experience.  
Overall, an interesting experience with good pizza. If you are in South Philly and looking for an adventure, you should check it out.Can't believe this is still open.  Tried this a couple years ago.  I ordered and picked up in 10 minutes.  Pizza was stale.  Like he makes a bunch in the morning and warms them up later.  What a joke.  I had high hopes.  Love Mack's down the shore but this is a poor and lazy imitation.This is a classic haunt for me.  A fantastic place that makes honest, cheap pizza for 'blue collar' individuals.  WARNING: special snowflake and snobby 'foodies' will NOT like it here.  But, if you grew up in or around Philly, you will feel right at home having a slice of the best pie in the city.  On many of my trips here, a local will stop in, Mack and the local will traded barbs, talk about the neighborhood and have a slice.  I LOVE IT.  
In short: if you have $5, a pair of blue jeans and want the best slice in town?  This is the place to be.  If you want stupid plating, a waiter wearing horn rim glasses and sparkling water, STAY AWAY FROM MY PIZZA SPOT.  BACK TO THE FOOD TRUCKS IN FISHTOWN WITH YOU!!Dropped in during the DNC convention for a quick bite and the pizza was fantastic, and the price amazing.
The owner (Mack?) and I traded some thoughts about the convention while he heated up my ($1.25!) slices. 
A local yokel came in and it was funny to watch the two chide each other. I'm really glad I dropped in, and were I local, I would love to order this pizza for delivery. It was great.Great pizza great entertainment great value!!!It was just ok, nothing to go back to. Definitely NOT the same as the one at the shore ( that's what I was expecting since they advertise to be the same).
Would I get it again? Hmmm... If I am in the neighborhood and there is nothing else I would probably have it again, but chances are there are many more places around.Excellent pizza at a bargain basement price but go in with an open-mind - this place is the 110% pure South Philly experiance.I've been in South Philly for 8 years and have been searching every corner of every block for real authentic Jersey shore pizza.   FINALLY found it at Joey Mack's.  Thin crust, great sauce, and the cheese is on the crust and never slides off.   LOVE IT.    Now I can enjoy my pizza every week.This place has cheap pizza but is filthy. I can't believe the health department has not shut down.I was juggling between 4 to 5 stars. Let me tell you why.
The bad: The place isn't up kept the way it really should. There is a lack of pulling this place to together and the establishment is degrading. Someone really should call the Food Network. I think this little old fellow deserves it. 
I can tell you I have had pizza in multiple cities across the United States. I can had multiple cheese combinations, crust recipes, deep dish, thin crust, you can name it.. I have had it. Yet there is something about this man's pizza that I really just love. Seriously, one of my favorite pizzas, not the best, but I WILL have cravings for MACKS. 
The crust is amazing. It has an oyster cracker with an aftertaste of a sweetness from the dough. (Of which I witness is made IN shop, and not delivered in a can.) The spiral design is cool. Making it perfectly proportioned between yummy cheese and savory sauce. The cheese does sweat a lot of oil, but some people like that. 
The man that works there, has been working there for a long time. He tells stories of how the place came to be. Why he does it. Why he LOVES his job. This man just loves making pizza. It isn't about the rush, you are eating a delicious part of this man's dream in reality. 
I can totally see how these other Yelpers can review him, and call him rude. This little old fellow is a man from an absolute different time. Different background. Different standards. (Have we gotten that high maintenance that we forgotten how pizza joints can be sometimes? Hello, remember the 90s?) He makes each pizza by hand. He is older. He has a way of running the business because he is older. This isn't Pizza hut, this is a one man operation most of the time, as I've seen. So if you are reading this, just remember to be kind, and kindness will be shared.
The man is so sweet to me and anyone in my family. 
I am surprised there hasn't been a review. 
Seriously Philly, time to put this little shop on the map.
Mack's if you are reading this, you guys really need to invest in renovations.Simple, Extra Thin and Good!!!
You cant beat the price $9 for a large cheese, +$2 for toppings.
I suggest pick up since its a one man operation. When you call to order ask for special 1 and get $2 off your pizza.
Joey is a fun guy. Left the hustle of the shore to open his little "blink and you'll miss it" pizza joint on Oregon so he could sit back and relax and watch some sports on the TV.
My girlfriend now has her "go to" pizza pot right down the road, she's happy I'm happy.
Tip for eating: Toss a little Garlic salt on it and enjoy!!I am reposting a previous Yelp picture to show you exactly what you're getting.... Pizza that's been sitting on the counter at room temperature next to some old rags. The place is run down and funky. The proprietor is generally napping in a chair. (I know because I literally live a block away and walk by all the time) I have tried the Mack's at the shore so I was very excited to have the pizza so close to home. I came in, grabbed my pizza after he reheated it in the oven, took two bites, and it was in the garbage can before I crossed Broad. I'm not hard to impress. I usually like all pizza. It was that bad.I first had mack's boardwalk pizza in wildwood . We ordered a large pizza and when it first came out fresh out the oven it was so delicious . So I was happy to know when they had a location close to home . I ordered a large pepperoni pizza and it was as good as the shore's location . But last night when I ordered it , it didn't taste the same . It had a salty taste to it and the thin crust didn't taste right . I'm having second thoughts about ordering from this place now .What makes a dive bar a dive? A well-worn, cheap and simple decor? A lack of trying? Shitty beer? An uneasy feeling that you may or may not be stabbed before the end of the nite?
Well, all of these characteristics apply to Joey Mack's Boardwalk Pizza. Holy hell, what a dive this joint is. There's old, cold pizza sitting on the counter, crappy memorabilia on the wall, and a surly old guy serving pizza when he isnt watching the news on an old 19 inch tv. 
The pizza, you ask? It's ok. Maybe even good. As pointed out, nowhere near as good as the for-real Mac's pizz down the shore, but it gets the job done. At a buck a slice, the thin crust and ooey, gooey cheese is certainly better than most of the shitty pizza which is the norm for South Philly.i am so happy this man is getting good reviews, i used to live in the apartment above this mans pizza store, and has witnessed him going through my trash in the side of the ally, he takes baths in his store and stole a plastic bag of dog shit off my step mins before i sould have exposed of it.  just for a heads up..like i said i use to live there above the store so you people who are outsiders not looking in... he is dirty, and lives in his store. thank you... ohh for the record city pizza is way better.Give Joey Mack a play! He is a one man show and a true South Philly character. His pizza is different from every other South Philly pizzeria in that he doesn't use mozzerella cheese. He makes a nice thin crust pie that is very reasonably priced. I was maybe his first customer years ago when he was down the block on Oregon cooking out of tiny one pie ovens. If it's a holiday and you need a pie, Joey's is the only place open. 365 days a year he is there for you. The prices are great there and local really small businesses like his need our support. I might just go get one now. See ya.Delivered hot in under a half hour on a Sunday night and I'm all the way up on Federal. I was hoping for the big, foldable, SLIGHTLY oily, evenly cooked slices with the great sweet/salty sauce and that magical (and highly secret) mix of cheeses like I've gotten on the boardwalk at the shore since I was a kid, and I got my wish. (Partial disclosure: being that today was a sad, sad day for me, bad pizza may have driven me to bad things, and soooo many things can be done wrong with pizza... lives depended on this and they nailed it.)Thin crust pizza. Not a oily mess that makes you want to puke like you'll find in University City. Best pizza I've had in Philly. Owner is sweet too.First time ordering from Macks today.  Ordered a large Boardwalk pizza. There was no  description on the grubhub site stating  how it was made so one would assume (incorrectly) that a plain pizza would be just mozzarella, it isn't. It is cheddar as well. That would have been fine, I guess, but I had also asked for extra cheese. It didn't appear to have that so I called to question. The man who answered told me that yes it was extra cheese by saying "there's like a pound and a half of cheese on there you gotta be kidding me". I'm sorry sir, it's an 18" round pizza and as thin as a board. Sure doesn't look like extra anything considering I could see sauce. Oh yeah, and it was delivered cold. The only positive, the driver was very nice. Never again.OK so you all know Joey mack is gone place is closed permanetly. The Pizza was ok consider the price and the polace just was filthy. 
THE Cheese that macks pizza specaial is white cheaddar wisconsin cheese more expensive than the blah mozzarello.
Any way whaever Mack told you was a stone faced lie. HE cash in store $1000'[s and the bank next door had huge account with $10,000 - $20,000 in in it.
I'm not sure but word was he passed away. Lat week i drove by saw two men in there gathering all his belongings ......... There was a sign on the door with his sisters number and face book page her name is Kathy Or Cathy search face book for her find out what happened.
BUT JOEY MACKS Pizza is gone.
OK he didnt pass away was taken ib by Dean Lewin somwhere in NJ HE and Joeys sister handle all his finances now.
Such a stupid dope what he did..Macks pizza in wildwood suckssssss they just cook it wrong not using orginal recipe trust me do not even go there ..i dont go to wildwood anymore too old son is 28.
Read reports of all troubles now it's not safe.