Mad Mex is the most casual restaurant of the Pittsburgh-based Big Burrito Restaurant Group. I first became familiar with the company and their stable of fine restaurants (Eleven, Kaya, Casbah, Soba, Umi, and  yes , Mad Mex)  when I took a job at Eleven while living in Pittsburgh. It was also my first experience with an abusive and plate-throwing chef; Executive Chef Derek Stevens.
My first Mad Mex experience came about five years ago in the University of Pittsburgh suburb of Oakland. Since then, I've dined at about half of their ten locations in State College, Pittsburgh and Columbus, Ohio.  For this review, I'm going to focus on Philadelphia's University City location, since that's where the majority of my visits have taken place in the last year.
Sandwiched between Drexel and UPenn.. Mad Mex clearly targets the college crowd not only with affordable and delicious "Cali-Mex" cuisine, but with an atmosphere that differs from your typical chain. There's no looped top 40 crap here.. they place a decent mix of alternative music. They expand beyond the usual Anheuser-Busch and Miller brewing company draft beers, and have an impressive array of craft and specialty brews on tap. They take the food here pretty serious as well, as the expansive eight page menu proves. While ambitious, everything I've ever had here has been excellent and quite affordable, too. 
The big draw, though, what brings me back, are their put-you-on-your-ass Margaritas. Once you get past the music, the graffiti on the walls, and the young, boisterous crowd, the next thing to strike you may be their menu. Eight pages of every type of Cali-Mex food you can think of.. and then some. Don't get it twisted and think this place is a stuck up, high end pillar to fine dining. They certainly don't take themselves too seriously.. their lighthearted menu is full of corny little puns and funny names for entrees such as the "Overtly Masculine Grilled Portabello with Foo-Foo Tofu Fajita" which quips, "Don't worry, ordering this won't make you straight" and even a few risqué jokes if you look hard enough.
You HAVE to make an effort to make it here for Happy Hour, especially if you like Margaritas..  this is your spot. You have Raspberry, Mango, Peach, Lime, Watermelon, Strawberry, Kiwi, etc. During Happy Hour, you can have a gigantic 22oz "Big Azz Margarita" for $7.00 - instead of the usual price of $10.00. Margaritas aside, they have a killer selection of beer and tequila.. don't overlook the tequila tastings! Their selection may be the best in all of University City. For penny-pinching college students.. Mad Mex is hard to beat. Monday through Thursday from 2pm-4pm, there are several half price options for students, not to mention TWO happy hours every day of the week - the first from 4:30-6:30pm and the second is from 10pm-12am. As a little "insider" tip.. get the "Little Butt Margarita" during Happy Hour and get the "Big Azz Margarita" during non-happy hour times. That's the way to get the most bang for your buck, trust me.
As I said earlier, they have a thoroughly extensive menu and I've never had a bad dish here. They have five types of salsa and three types of freshly made dips, my favorites being the fire roasted tomato-chipotle and pineapple-habanero (HOT!) which are always served with locally made tortilla chips. A huge assortment of appetizers, soups/chillis, wings, salads, 17 types of burritos, 7 different enchiladas, chimichangas, quesadillas, fajitas, taco platters, and multiple desserts fill the 8 page menu . I've had the wings, chilli, 4 or 5 different burritos, and my girlfriend loves the fajita platters here as well. I don't think you can make a bad choice if you tried. 
As much as I love Mad Mex though, the staff can be surly, sometimes a bit rude when it's busy and service tends to be a bit slow (perhaps deliberately to generate more liquor sales..) and the later you go, the more raucous the crowd, but I guess that's par for the course. However, the fact that I can get silly drunk on 3 "Big Azz Margaritas" during Happy Hour for a really decent price, and enjoy some pretty good and unique Cal-Mex food is enough to bring me back time and again.. and I live two hours away!
Mad Mex has food that far exceeds the atmosphere and it's a don't-miss location for Happy Hour for myself and many other University City area locals. If you're in the area, and perhaps even if you're not, definitely check it out. It's inexpensive, inventive, and original. Thank me later.. I'll have a Strawberry-Kiwi Margarita, if you don't mind.Head over to Mad4Mex and get a Big-Azz marg during happy hour! 
I never once went on a date at this place. But- I went there. A lot. I did research at UPenn/CHOP for 4 years and at the time Big-Azz Margs were served like 64 ounce slushies at Mad4Mex . That is how one takes the edge off at the end (or in the middle of) the day. 
Now that I think of it- those happy hour "Big-Azz" margaritas were a powerful elixir. I've seen them transform people, places and things. 
I do have a novel event to share from this venue: I recall a weekday evening when I went out for happy hour with a couple coworkers. We took advantage of the Big-Azz Margaritas and settled in for some laughs. Those margs can unlock secrets that no one would expect: after 2 drinks, one coworker ended up spilling the T about having been an escort back in the 90's and described unbelievable experiences and scenarios at length. Basically none of it involved illegal acts, just random requests- like sword fighting in lingerie with a Rittenhouse octogenarian.   Best Happy Hour Ever. 
So head over to Mad4Mex and get a Big-Azz marg!A vile chain restaurant that I never want to come back to.  The fact that this place is so popular (and so packed) is something I find really depressing.  I feel like it's a sad statement on people's tastes--although admittedly most of the people who post good reviews are talking about the drink specials and not the food.  It seems there's more of a consensus that that this is more of a place to drink than eat, and I see complaints of poor service are also common.
I think the food here is pretty bad, and overpriced relative to the low quality.  I ordered a burrito and the meat seemed low quality, and the burrito itself was enormous but it was mostly stuffed with rice and beans, more rice than beans.  There was a sad excuse for "pico de gallo" which was cooked, and mostly tomato, a far fry from the fresh chunky salsa that any legit mexican restaurant would serve.
I seriously would have appreciated about half as much food, but higher quality ingredients.  The food was far too salty, yet too bland, and while it wasn't super dry, the meat (chicken) and burrito as a whole were a little dry.  I didn't finish my burrito and didn't take it home.  My girlfriend ordered a side of guacamole with her meal--mistake!!!  They charged $1.50 extra for it, and she said it wasn't any good and didn't touch it.  We're both guacamole lovers so in order for this to happen, it has to be pretty freaking bad.
Service was poor, and it wasn't just the waiter, although I think he could have been more attentive.  Our waiter came out once at the beginning, we ordered drinks (happy hour specials on beer--not bad specials), then returned for us to order our food, and that was pretty much his involvement until he showed up with the check.  There was a miscommunication about the price (and size) of one of the beer specials; our server botched it.  At the end when we got the check, he eventually took it back and got it worked out with a small credit to our check.  So good job for fixing that one.  But other than that...my water ran out and the waiter never came back to refill it...he never came back to check on us and ask how our food was.  Oh, and when we first came in here the restaurant was out of glasses for water (of course, they weren't out of glasses for beer--why didn't they just use beer glasses?), so it was a little while into our meal when they actually came out with water.
The atmosphere in here is very loud.  There was noise from conversation but also the music was turned way up.  I wasn't really crazy about the music.  The atmosphere was also dark, with a sort of cozy feel, but it didn't really do it for me.  It didn't feel homey.  Some bars feel lively, this one just felt noisy.  I think a difference for me is a lack of community feel...in this bar everyone is segregated off into their own tables and groups, so instead of like having a communal sociable atmosphere it's just a bunch of private groups whose noise is interfering on my space.  So I feel like I'm getting the bad aspects of the place being crowded without the benefits of it.  Something about the setup screams "corporate bar", like the experience is being carefully manufactured by a business with the sole intention of making money.
I wouldn't come back here.  It's absolutely not my scene...not the sort of atmosphere I like, not the sort of food I like.  Like I said, I find it depressing how popular this place is...like it just screams that there are hordes and hordes of people out there who have really different taste from me.  I guess that's how life is, but...frankly I'd be happy to see this place taken off the map and replaced by something completely different.
2 stars and not one because they had some decent beers on tap, and because the food was edible and under $10, and I didn't get food poisoning or something...also because the waiter did correct the error.  But a part of me wants to give one star.  Either way, I'm never coming back, and I'll be praying that this place goes out of business.This place is a little hidden away, and took me and my friend a minute to find. However, Mad Mex has definitely lived up to all the expectations my friends set. The portions are gigantic, and their drinks are strong. I tried one of their burritos, which by the way are so big that I had to eat them with a fork and knife. The waffle fries are also delicious. I ordered a sangria which was pretty strong and delicious as well. Their food is so good, you will be thinking about it for a good while after you leave. I think I only ended up spending about $20 all together. However, it does tend to get loud, but I would expect that from a place in university city.I've been here many of times and I've never been disappointed. The food is good, the atmosphere is cool and the drinks are phenomenal. The service is exceptional as wellThe food is always fresh. Their waitresses are some of the best around. The one time I wasn't happy with my order, they fixed it so fast and were so sweet about it. Great place to go with friends.Best place for a late dinner. Be prepared to wait on weekends because of the rush. Service is slow understandably.  Margaritas are to die for!!Not-so-good:
Service is slow and unresponsive
What Mexican restaurant doesn't offer free chips and salsa???
Can't take people under 21 after 7 pm
Good:
Portions are plentiful
Tons of vegetarian/vegan options!to even step onto the patio section you need to be carded by a bouncer as if your trying to get into the hottest club in Philly.  Unnecessary.  The waitress was kind.  the portion size was large! for the most part the food was good.  Drinks are decentI like this place a lot. They just keep adding more and more vegan options! Everything I have had was amazing and the food is priced affordably. The only down side is picking the right time to come to avoid the college douchey-ness that ensues. If you don't mind being around a bunch of immature college kids, it probably won't bother you. I find that coming early on a weeknight is typically the best bet. Again, the vegan food choices are really great!I only have to say one thing: BIG AZZ MARGARITAS. Get you toasty nice and quick. Oh and another thing: try the Jersey Chips, they're bangin. Oh and another thing: try to Wing-o-Rito, it's bangin.I just had a really enjoyable meal here. I've been twice before but just had apps. This time we did the whole enchilada (actually fajita).
This place is jumping around the happy hour time. They have great drink and app specials. 
We ordered the half price wings, taquitos, waffle fries, and shrimp fajitas. Everything was delicious. 
Excellent service. Price was right. What more can you ask for.So we have to come to this location now because we have a soft spot for Mad Mex having previously lived on the same block as the Mad Mex on Pitt's campus.  We indulged (calorie-wise, not money-wise!) on many a late-night meal.  Basically, same vibe, same menu, same deals and BIG AZZ MARGARITAS! but not nearly as good as the Pittsburgh locations.  We might have to wait it out till we make it back to Pittsburgh since this location doesn't even come close.Great place for any occasion - lunch specials, happy hour, late night, great beer list.
And now they also have brunch! The carnitas and egg tacos were possibly the best brunch food I've ever eaten.Food was good. Not a fan of homemade Margaritas very bitter I like them sweet. Good friendly service and really cool atmosphere.This place is hit or miss. I would recommend avoiding Mad Mex on a Friday or Saturday night because it's packed with college kids, and the waits are atrocious. My friends and I waited on a Saturday night for an hour! It's an average place that's not really worth the wait, but after trekking out here with a craving for texmex, we weren't about to go all the way back to Center City to wait somewhere else. I've been here for dinner and drinks, and both are fine. The food is nothing to rave about, but I generally leave satisfied and with a bag of leftovers in hand. I get annoyed that you have to pay for chips and salsa here...it's a casual texmex place--that stuff should be free! The drinks are pretty good, especially the margaritas. The Big Azz ones are 22 oz, pretty darn big and usually potent.Love this place. Great margaritas. My favorite dishes are the burritos and enchiladas.Ok so here's my 3rd review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
Ok I'm not new to Mad Mex and I'm not one of those Mad Mex pollos locos who can't stop talking about the place either, but I am a fan of the place,
The beer selection is pretty hearty.  They do have margaritas.  ¡Bueno, bueno¡ Me gusto!
The food, service, and ambience are all very good.  It may be generic but all 3 aspects were very good, 
I can't rave about this being a special or exotic place but would I return and expect as good an experience time and time?  ¡Sí señor!Used to go here all the time in college.  Loved getting the student discount or late night discount on their "Big Azz Margaritas."  Since graduating I've been back several times with my wife.  We had an honest discussion after our last visit which started something like "Honey, why do we keep coming here?"
At one point, we must have had some good experiences that made us always say "Aw yeah!!" when someone would ask "Want to go to Mad Mex?"  But every time we go, we never really enjoy the food, and the margaritas just aren't quite as good as we expect.  Maybe our tastes have changed, but it feels like the food quality has gone down over the years.  I usually order the Chimi or a Wing-o-rito and it always seems overcooked and lacking on the protein.  The one thing we still like is the Pick-a-dippa with Queso , Guacamole, and Pico de gallo.  
We've sort of tired out on all the entrees, though, (which is the main point of coming for dinner) so have decided we probably won't come back here anymore.Chips from a bag, chunky tasteless salsa, margaritas (more like gnargaritas) and toxic blue salt on the rim.  
We tried desperately to get a seat on the patio but our efforts failed even though there were many open tables!
Philly has a plethora of excellent Mexican restaurants.  Ditch this place and try somewhere new.I like Mad Mex for two reasons: happy hour, and the good vegan options.
They have recently changed their vegan options offering better sour cream and cheese. So much better! The food tastes good and the drink specials are great. They have some quality craft beers from the area. I've tried a few of the burritos and for about $9 they are big and filling. I like getting the nachos with refillable salsas as well. 
I don't get to go here often, but I'd suggest getting there early since it tends to fill up pretty quickly once people finish work.the food is pretty good and fresh. i really like the blue cheese. there is one african american server who is always really nice and sweet. but the other servers are VERY RUDE to black people. they do not come to the table, they do not smile, and as a result i do not tip. since they dont act like i am anyway. for a long time i would tip people to prove to them that black people tip. but now, i leave a tip line that reads- stop being racistFoods OK..and the specials with margz are pretty good..but I love the beer selection they have there...service is ok..can be really good dependent on the serversup, big azz margaritas?
good for groups or happy hour with the girls. get silly drunk on just 2 (the max necessary for me, anyway) of their margaritas. i'm a fan of the raspberry, lime was a bit too bitter.
pretty good guac, and no complaints about the nachos or black bean burrito either.this is the worse place to eat while in university city.  i placed an order on line and they said they never received it and after i dealt with the rude jude bartender who redid my order he forgot that the celery and blue cheese comes with the order... so guess what?  i did not have any when i got back to my desk!  and the he forgot the sour cream that came for my other item.  so i realized they are busy on friday's ...you must have to be drunk to eat the food here because my wings were horrible.  the sauce was good but, it did not stay on the dry wings and it was like water all in the bottom of my container.  so drink up so you can buy their food because never again will i!So I haven't been here in at least 4 years, but I love their Yucatan black bean dip and ventured out, despite the bad reviews. I learned my lesson.
We arrived at 11pm during the summer when school was not in session. We knew it would be less busy than normal.
It's currently 1am.  We have been here 2 hours. We were served the app, but not the meal.  The meal came out while I was writing this review. My corn tortilla (necessary because I have celiac disease and can't eat gluten) was a flour tortilla.  The server took it back to the kitchen to be made again. It was wheat, again. Had she told me, I would have asked that they just cancel the order.  They did not tell me so I waited over 45 minutes for the server to come back. She apologized  for the kitchen....little reward to 2 exhausted people who stepped in for dinner at 11 and left at 1am with unanticipated takeout.
If you are a 20-something student with minimal expectations, this place is great.  Otherwise, avoid avoid avoid.First let me say that the red sangria is off the chain! Its fruity yet strong enough to get a nice buzz. They have the best sangria in the city, hands down... I have been here several times, one might say that I am a regular. I absolutely love their food. I ususally get their nachos grande and of course its fabulous. I either get the Veggie taco salad or the shrimp mushroom quessadillas and both are wonderful. I am never disapppointed and the food always comes out fast and hot. You cant go wrong with this place... Now I must warn you that this place gets crazy crowded when the local colleges are in session and on the weekends... Dont mind the wait though,  the food is well worth the wait!!! Trust me, you'll be in love just like me.Mad Mex is a nice place to stop in right at the start of happy hour or late night. I'd suggest avoiding any time in between. Being smack between two major colleges, it gets very busy very, very quickly. 
After 5 and before 11 you'll have a hard time getting seating, and sometimes drinks/food can be tough to get your hands on, but the waitstaff does the best they can. They're always quick once they do get your order, again, just quantity of people.
Late night is my favorite, cheap margaritas (which are *okay*) and a decent beer list at good prices. If you're in the area i'd definitely suggest the "Pennseltucky" Fried Tofu, Wings, and their Nachos Grande (get the beef- it's worth it).I have been coming to mad mex for years and i can honestly say that they have the best frozen margaritas known to man......but u r only going to get a good margarita if it isn't crowded because once it gets packed then the margaritas aren't as frozen because too many ppl order them and they do not have enough machines to make them.....the wings and quesadillas r pretty good......the only bad thing is i keep hearing that the staff is racist but me being a african american male i have not experienced any discrimination......overall this is a great happy hour and chill spot!!!!I agree with the previous poster that the true rating for M4M is 2.5, because it doesn't quite qualify as "A-OK." But, being as though it is customary to round up at .5 when forced to deal with integers, we'll go with 3, and that will have to be A-OK.
Stopped in for drinks after work with a few friends and had a good time.  Place was pretty packed with newly-minted legal drinkers, and getting in was kind of slow with everyone getting carded. At 28, I'm young enough to be annoyed by being carded when there is clearly no way that I could be 20 or less - I assume that, eventually, one takes this formality as a compliment. 
Once we were in, we got a nice table, more than adequately sized for our group. The food and drink specials for happy hour were decent (I *think* it was $3 drafts and half-price wings). I hear that the highlight here is the margaritas, but I should point out that they have a very nice beer selection. Given that I feel compelled to order Dos Equis whenever I am at a Mexican restaurant, I did so and was not disappointed. Wings were decent, as were the chips with guacamole.
I wouldn't go rushing back here, but I also wouldn't be averse to catching up here for another happy hour.Their food and drinks are good, though more of what you would expect from a chain, not unsurprisingly, since it IS a chain. While I cannot say that their food is amazing or memorable in it's deliciousness, it is always a fun time, with a great wait staff, and a great location for people who just want to wind down with their friends.  And their portions are plenty generous.I'm not too happy with Mad4 right now: 
1. they got rid of their 1/2off food after 11 deal :-/ 
2. they took mac and cheese balls off the menu
3. they took the chilli cheese fries off the menu
4. sometimes their flavor of the month on Big Azz M's is just plain strange
However, the food is still decent, the atmosphere is still upbeat (best time to come is when the students are gone), the drinks are still good, and the beer selection isn't terrible. If you have a group, this is a good place to go because they have huge round accommodating tables.
Their service can be slow, but their servers are usually really friendly, up for a chat, and I've never had a problem splitting a check. No complaining there.This place is close to work and has yummy (not strong) margaritas. Their food is just ok and TAKEOUT IS AWFUL!  They always forget something...quac, rice, sour cream! Sorry, but all of these are crucial for my quesadilla or fajitas! You guys always miss something!!!!! Why is it so difficult to get it right!? I paid for all of it! I get it...you make enough $ without caring! Good job MF!!! Don't go here, it's not worth it! There are other spots in University City that actually care about and appreciate your business!I visited Mad Mex with a large group of 20. We were quickly seated and serviced. 
We went here for a gobblerito networking event, so it was a bit of a novelty trip. All 20 of us ordered a gobblerito and a large margarita (or two!). The gobblerito is a highly regarded "thanksgiving in a burrito" experience. It's bigger than your face, so be prepared. It was good for what it was; not the best thing I've ever eaten, but certainly something different! 
The atmosphere is a bit dated and not the cleanest, but it's what I expected for this type of cheaper chain Mexican restaurant. 
The service was impressive for the size of the party. I know it was made easier because we all got the same thing, but it was still quality and the server got all of our drinks quickly and correctly. 
I'll be back for another gobblerito!I havent been to Mad Mex in over a yr, since I moved to California and experienced real Mexican food and Margaritas. Up until that time my friends and I were true fans.  The giant margaritas put us on our asses and the nachos were always a good way to soak up the tequila.  Happy hour was always a good time and I would still visit the college hotspot, prob. some of the best Mexican food from a chain.Happy hour , half off drafts & wings. $7 Big AZZ Margarita, $3 12th / $5 16oz house margaritas frozen and rock.I've been here several times and I find that the quality of the service is inconsistent. Sometimes it's great and other times it's piss poor. I've had waiters who were really great but have also had the unfortunate experience of interacting with their rude bartender. Nonetheless, the happy hour specials are a steal. The food is really good. 
The ambiance is very hip and fun. It's a great place to go after work with your co-workers or to chill for a little bit after a long day. 
Food suggestions: 
Shrimp quesadilla
Chickpea chilli  
Turkey chilli 
Crab nachos (this might've been a limited time offer)I love Mad Mex's food for the most part - i would marry an ice cream burrito - but, contrary to most of the other reviews, I think the drinks are nothing special - I can't stand margaritas or much of anything made with sour mix, so...
I had the Southwestern wings. "Cilantro, olive oil, and garlic" was the description, and I loooooove cilantro and garlic, so...
Not what I expected, but not bad by any means. I couldn't eat the whole plate of 14 because I chose the "wild' instead of my usual mild, so I have half of them left for dinner tonight.Terrible! Was there the other night and ordered a margarita, not only was neglected by the bartender repeatedly but was given a drink that was literally filled with sour mix and no tequila. Will never go back again! Teach your bartenders how to make drinks!People seem pretty divided about this place, with fans saying that the happy hour is unbeatable with a 50% discount of their drafts (and they have a beautiful variety ranging from Victoria Dirtwolves to Allagash Whites), and the haters saying that the service is unforgivable.
 I came here when it was empty, close to 3 PM on a Friday, and sat at the bar. Like I said, they do a great job of curating their list of beers on tap and that alone should give them brownie points. I had the shrimp burrito, classic, which came with a pretty good vegetarian chickpea soup. The burrito, when it came out, was actually shaped like a square and I had to use utensils to eat it. While I thought it was nice that they made all meat options the same price, including the shrimp, the rest of the fillings were standard and mediocre. It was just Spanish rice and black beans, and to be honest I wasn't totally if there was anything else inside. 
So, really, the food is nothing special, closer to 2 stars, but the bar (the bartender was very kind and affable), is closer to 4 especially during happy hour.Max Mex is great for burritos and enchiladas. They have a delicious margarita for a good price and have vegan cheese and vegan sour cream! Though not very authentic, I've always been able to quench my thirst for spice!Great location intermixed with campus, for starters.
Student-friendly with half price food between 11 and 2am.
Food is fresh-mex style, California inspired Mexican.
Multiple salsas with tricolor chips to start, more than the usual routine on that front.
Great good, margaritas, fun atmosphere, all-in-all a great place for good night with Penn/Drexel students and-or parents.  If looking for something non-college feel, this isn't the place.This place is horrible. My college roommate and I were so excited to find out that there is a Mad Mex in Philly because there is one where we went to school. We've tried the place out twice since we moved here and both times were terrible. 
The first time, we waited for 2.5 hours for a table, which was kind of ok because we met up with old friends, so we were standing at the bar catching-up. ...After over an hour, we went to the hostess to check on our forthcoming table and they had crossed our name off of the list as if we had been seated. We waited a little longer and finally went up there again because there was a table that had been open for a solid 30 mins. The girl reluctantly proceeded to seat us there and as she grabbed the menus she looked at me and said, "Don't expect this to happen every time." ...Don't expect what? A table? 
The second (and last) time we went, the restaurant was almost empty and there was a 20 min wait. ...No big deal. We sat at the bar and got margaritas. After we got to our table, our server was AWFUL. He was SO rude. We ordered our second margaritas and the one I got clearly had very little alcohol in it. You could look at mine versus my roommate's and it was obvious. (side note, I work in "the industry", I know how customers can be), so I said something to him about thinking about purchasing another shot because my margarita was pretty much all mix (thinking maybe he'd offer to take it back and add a little bit more tequila) and he argued with me about how the rocks margarita mix was pre-mixed with tequila and that there was "NO WAY" that mine could have less alcohol. So, I spent $14 on a margarita because it was way too sweet to drink and ended up buying another shot for it. 
Needless to say, I won't be going back to this Mad Mex again. It's a shame that they can't seem to get themselves together and get quality employees. There are way too many places in the area that have great margaritas and much better food  to be treated like crap at Mad Mex.So I would never send anyone here! The margaritas were awful.. the food was subpar I think I had one piece is spinach in my mushroom spinach burrito .. we never got our appetizer ,soup or salads..or utensils for that matter!! I have been a waitress! This guy couldn't handle water or ice refills...oh and this was in a Thursday afternoon130pm .  Not your busy times!Come here for drinks...or drinks and nachos. Love their deck and it's even better in the summertime when it's less crowded. Can't beat the Big Azz Margarita special. The booth next to us last time I was there, was trying tequila flights which looked like a good time.
Service is usually young, so don't expect too much.
Again, just go for drinks and nachos, you'll have a good time.
WARNING: Watch yourself on the deck. There's a lot of birds that hang out above, and one pooped on me while I was enjoying a delicious margarita...so cover your dranks, and hide yo kids when out on the deck!!!This place gets really busy during the school semesters because it is right in the heart of UPenn and University City.  The happy hours is especially popular and packed (usually with 30-45 min wait for a table).  The margaritas are really good though! What I really like about this place are the VEGAN options.  Most of the menu items can be made vegan with tofu, vegan cheese, and vegan sour cream!I've been to a few Mad Mex locations. My recent trip to Philadelphia, I visited the Mad Mex with my family.  They have a great beer selection and amazing food that will leave you with no room for dessert.This was gonna be a 3 star review but I had to bump up an extra star for service.
My friends and I came here for a late dinner one evening.  They having been there before were very set in their choices where as I had the entire menu to explore.  I settled on the carnitas burrito and we got the pickadippa as an app with the beans, XX queso and fire-roasted tomato chipotle salsa.  Over all, the dips were very good.  I believe we even got guacamole as well.
Our server (didn't catch his name) was honest and very friendly.  When ordering beers, he was particularly knowledgeable of their draft selection and was also opinionated in what he thought of the beers.  I liked this very much.  He even went as far to tell us which beers on the menu he didn't like (in no uncertain terms) so that we would avoid them.  Perhaps he sensed that we were beer snobs a bit ourselves.
So, the place, well it could be decorated better and the food could be improved.  It's not bad, just not as edgy as I'm used to.  The service in particular was very good and I appreciate that.Mad Mex refused to serve alcoholic​ beverages to our table due to an alleged member of our table who was "intoxicated"...The service is unbelievably slow and misinforming.This restaurant is like that one girlfriend you've had in the past; there's a lot you don't like about her, but somehow, you just can't seem to break up with her despite her obvious foibles.  
You hate her attitude:
     As a Drexel alum, I've been here multiple times among years past.  Only ONCE (EVER), in this long relationship have I ever had a waiter/waitress that was problem free.  Thinkkk...  attitude for no apparent reason, dropping food on your phone, errors in checks, slow service, items you didn't order, and being told not to "fuck with me". 
She's a cheap date (especially during happy hora):
     College hours 2 - 4, TWO happy hours, and $7.50 ginormous margaritas.
She makes you feel satiated afterwards:
     The burrito's are made for Andre the giant.
She's the casual kind of college girl who doesn't really fit in classier establishments:
     If you spontaneously feel like you want to go out for some drinks, but you're wearing your gym clothes and you don't want to go back to your apt and change, Mad Mex is one of the few places you can go without feeling totally embarrassed.
Overall, I'd describe this relationship as "It's Complicated".  Three stars for its service, but five for its cheap eats, drinks, and casual atmosphere.great margaritas.  good chicken wings.  music is not so good, and they won't change it, even if you ask nicely.
edit:  to 5 stars because the mexican places in nyc just don't compare.M4M...you just have to take it for what it is.  A great place for celebrating a happy hour with your friends and a GIANT margarita for 3.50$.   It is NOT a place for knock your socks off food or simpering service.  (I have actually gotten sick from the food here in the past.) It IS  place to get trashed on happy hour margaritas and snack on happy salty snacks while making up ridiculous stories with your friends.  The food is sub-par to acceptable, the menu comentary is hilarious to annoying, depending on how you are feeling.   As you drink...the soundtrack becomes excellent....I went to Mad Mex for the Cinco de Mayo celebration on Monday.  The block it was on was shut down and there was a tent in the middle with bands and... a smoke macine?! Ok, being a beer snob (as in, I'm snobby and don't drink beer), I bypassed the kegs and fought through the crowds to get to the bar inside. I elbowed, I pushed, I dug, and I finally made it to the front where I ordered a "big" raspberry margarita. I was handed a huge glass with a raspberry mixture surrounding plain margarita. Ok, somewhat odd but when in Rome... I mixed the concoction together before tasting and it was actually pretty good! In fact, I went back for another a short time later and that one was even better, which I chalk up to the fact that I was definitely tipsy at that point. So my three stars all go towards the drinks!I eat here often, about once a week or once every two weeks. 
I haven't ordered much from the numerous times I've eaten here. But, the carnitas and wings are all I need. Plus, the drinks help cleanse my body. 
The reason why I gave 4 stars is because the chefs doesn't seem to know how to cook the wings close to the same every time. I'm a big buffalo wings person, that's why it matters. I've had it perfect only once here. 
Another reason is their bathroom! Get someone to clean this bathroom and keep it clean. Terrible, I wouldn't even get a second drink, that way I don't have to pee and use their bathroom.I really like it here! The Big Azz margs are a great deal even when it's not happy hour! Sangria Blur is a favorite! 
The guac is good but lots of onions so be careful if you don't like onions! I can eat it for days.
The nachos are always yummy, the quesadillas are great and not just two slices of cheese slapped between a tortilla. I've had several burritos and liked all of them!
People are saying the service is slow but that's probably because people tend to go in groups of 10. It's a fun atmosphere so don't be so uptight!Ok definitely a college hang out. Yes you can get a BIG AZZ margaritas but does those BIG AZZ margaritas even contain alcohol or just a pound of sugar. Burritos was awful and I have tasted better. I had the vegetarian burritos and I wanted to gag on the tofu burritos. There was no seasoning. I can't believe people think this spot was cheap and they would pay for this crap just for BIG AZZ margaritas. There are so many better Tex Mex places that is affordable and taste so so much better than this place.A room full of open tables... still waiting for someone to seat us. Well, actually, even to greet us...2stars because their margaritas & waffle fries are the best I've had in a while. I believe I'm being very generous when I select 2stars because after the inhumane treatment me and my company recieved last week they should get a complete thumbs down. 
Here's what happened:
It was my best friends birthday & she just loves their margaritas so we all decided to go there as we have been millions of times so "hey why not?"... (we should have chosen NOT). A few of us were closer so we had gotten there a little earlier than everyone else. So were going to just all meet there instead. Everything went downhill once one of my friends decided to be born a foreigner, but may I add a  legal citizen of this Country who has never had any issues with her i.d. in any restaurant/bar/lounge establishment nor may I add any government facility either.... Well instead of the "bouncer" guy getting his manager he decided to insult her! stating her i.d. is a fake and she needs to turn around and get out! (it's winter snow & ice on the ground 27 degrees out). We all leave out, if one of us is gonna freeze in the cold of January then all of us will. One of our friends decided to go in and ask for the manager...the manager comes out she explains to him that "yes okay you guys only accept PA state i.d./dl however we are currently waiting for a few people who are on their way there, may we take a seat inside by the front door?" the manager as condescending as the "bouncer" told us to get out. So we're standing outside of the restaurant now human icicles waiting on our other friends, while the jerk bouncer and manager stare at us through the window. Needless to say I will never spend a copper penny in that establishment again. Happy Birthday! right...  (insert sarcasm here). We all ended up meeting together and thank God the Penn Bookstore employees had a kind spirit they allowed us to thaw out & shared other pleasant places in the city to dine at. I will add that this alternate restaurant we ended up going to had superb customer accomodations and services & allowed people with an out of State drivers license to dine under the same roof.
Matter of fact I'm switching it back to one star....they gave off this vibe that they'd spit in my food or margarita once we left. I have NEVER been in the presence of such heartless individuals a day in my life. If it was a warm summer day...fine, but on one of the coldest nights of the WINTER NO!, that was just cruel. This entire experience left a bad taste in my mouth. 
Dine there at your own risk....Maybe I'm drunk every time I go here and that's why I think it's so good . . . their sangria is pretty much the only sangria I like (except for the sangria at Tony's DiNapoli in NYC) and it's so much more economical to just order yourself a pitcher rather than a single glass.  Either way, though, I love this place.  Last time I ordered a chicken burrito and wasn't expecting anything special but now I find myself fantasizing about that burrito like a long-lost love.  You should probably just go there.  Tonight.  Maybe I will, too. (PS I was introduced to this place by a vegan friend--there are good options on the menu for hardcore herbivores.)pleasant place to sit outside for happy hour! Big Azz margaritas are solid; I'm sure they come from a huge mix that's prepared ahead of time, but I don't think they skimp on the alcohol.
Food is nothing to write home about but definitely fine for snacking with drinks. Our table shared chips, salsa and guac, and I was kind of disappointed with the portion sizes.
I was in the mood for wings (I know, I should have gotten something Mexican) but I was actually very pleased with the waitress's suggestion of the Southwestern style. Tangy and delicious.
One big negative is that the food took forever and the place was not particularly crowded on the Thursday night that I was there.I contacted the person who replied to my yelp review, received one initial email and never got a reply after that. LOL What a joke!One of the best food spots in the area. The margaritas are delicious and come in three size: little butt, sweet 16, and big azz! I usually get a little butt or a big azz, depending on my mood. The chipotle bbq El No Bonos are so good. I get two orders along with the waffles fries and ranch sauce. I would describe the environment as being old world mexico meets voodoo meets Cinco De Mayo. So much freakin' fun there. Always a good time.Go for happy hour - get the huge margaritas.  They say they have 8 shots of tequilla in them and since everytime I go there I get completely wasted - I'm pretty sure its not a rumor!
This is an awesome college bar - but don't go for the food...its just not good.  Get a margarita and then go to a house party and be the loud fun drunkard...hm..i think my reviews are based too much on personal experiences...ahem..I took out one star for the inconsistent service and another one for the taste of the margaritas.  Otherwise, enjoy.  There are really far worse ways to spend a Friday afternoon than sitting outside Mad 4 enjoying a giant margarita (they are never good, but always adequate), with friends, in a quiet alley in University City.
Service is hit-or-miss...  Food is average... But if they do one thing very well (see above).  Avoid at all costs during PENN alumni functions as the place will be packed.i love love love mad mex! sure it's not authentic mexican food but what they do it uncomparable. they take all your favorite, add their own sense of humor and creative genius and serve you up large, delicious portions for extremely reasonable prices. it gets busy on the weekends for dinner so expect a bit of a wait. the bar has great drinks to sip on in the meantime. :)Horrible - if you are over 30, you are not going to enjoy this spot.  It downgrades itself to cater to the college bound kids - but ultimately the food is garbage, coupled with the fact that the margaritas are pre-mixed and made to taste like... yes.. you guessed... like garbage.  Stay away-so many better choices out there-- and never, ever bring family; wow, was it bad there!I was meeting people, and I thought they might already have a table, so I described them to the host. He snottily said, "There's a lot of people in here. You can look around." He could have just said he wasn't sure, or that it would be best for me to look, but he was snide off the bat. Then, my party wasn't there yet, so my friend and I had to wait for the rest of them to come before we were seated. (There were many empty tables.) I've encountered this policy elsewhere and honestly, even if the food were tremendous it would disqualify the place from my ever going back there again.
The food was not tremendous. They were out of guacamole. This was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. How on earth does a "Mexican" restaurant run out of guacamole?! Second, my burrito allegedly had "chickpea chili" in it, but honestly all it had was rice, chickpeas, spinach, and cheese (I definitely did not see or taste the tomatillos and jalapenos that they claim are in the chili--makes me think they literally just put chickpeas in). The most boring burrito of my life. 
Normally I feel bad writing negative reviews, but their business surely isn't suffering. It was packed by 6pm.My previous review was quite complimenting of Mad Mex but unfortunately I feel it has taken a turn for the worst.  As another user posted the bouncers are ridiculous with id check and are extremely rude.  Service is extremely slow and often the kitchen closes earlier than it should.  I've gone on nights at midnight when they are open till 2 and it's been closed.  Some half off special then after 11...  I definitely do not go here as much as I used to.A double thumbs up for Haley, my server the past two times I've been there, who made my experience a star better. Haley is pleasant, accommodating, checks up often, makes sure you know the specials, and always has cute earrings. Haley deserves a raise. I sure hope I remember right that her name is Haley.
Anyway, so I've been back for not food, and let me tell you--- not food is GREAT. I find that getting as many of the smaller margaritas during happy hour as possible is more bang for your buck (funny how bars do that, make it less cost effective to get the bigger drink... I guess they figure no one will notice. Chili's does this, too.), the flavors are always exciting, but they're often sold out of the seasonal tastes. I recommend asking to try them first, too... sometimes they're weird. But Egg Nog Margarita sounds so exciting and delicious!
Their wings are also wonderful in their flavourful varieties. I love happy hours here!
Downside: They don't sell pina coladas?Waiter was nice. Sadly that's the only good thing I could say about Mad Mex. Food took a while and was not very good--but it is a chain restaurant. Margarita was way too tart and way too weak. It  wasn't even that clean... I won't go on... Or back.Always liked Mad Mex. Took my sister there on Friday around 8 i had the black cherry margarita on the rocks, it was tasty but could've been sweeter. We had the nacho grande, which was super stacked yumminess!!! had the san fran wings which i could do without. Our server was attentive and very nice.Bad service, expensive drinks, bad food. Save your money and make margaritas and quesadillas at home.I hung out with my buddy at Mad Mex on Friday, March 10, 2015.  It was packed that evening and there was a half hour wait for a table.  We decided to wait in the bar area.  The bar area is small but it makes for a great intimate evening if you are on a date (if you don't mind being surrounded by people).  I however was not on a date.  The service was adequate.  I had the nachos grande with chicken.  They were enjoyable but maybe it was the beer dulling my palete. lolI have endless problems with the tough guy bouncers here.  
The food is good, if you don't mind eatting in NAZI GERMANY.  You will get a hard time at the door, and you better hope their scanner is working, because if its not, they will randomly bar you from entry, with no reason whatsoever.  
Heres the conversation I had with the bouncer at the door this friday:
Bouncer: "do you have any other id?"
"No, why."
"I can't take this."
"You can scan it."
"Scanners broken."
"Its a new licence, I just got it like a month ago."
"Sorry."
"If you think its a fake, keep it.  I"ll call the cops and then we'll settle it that way."
"We don't want to go through that trouble."[hands out my id]
"So are you handing back my real ID or my fake ID"
"I'm handing you back THIS id."
He knew it was a real ID, he just had to throw his weight around.  What an ass.Margaritas are the best here! I go for happy hour and after one, I'm done! Great food, great chips and salsa but really affordable drinks during happy hour.  I wish the staff was a little bit more friendly.  Overall, it works for me.Mad Mex is far superior to Chili's, first off.  But what more can you expect from a student-oriented Mexican joint in the middle of Penn's campus?
That aside, I have always had a great burrito here - my personal favorite being the chicken chickpea chili burrito.  Meat can be replaced by tofu in most dishes.  For the price, the burritos could be bigger, but if that's an issue, just head to South Philly.  
The late night specials are great.  Half price food (11pm-1am) and half-price on their "big-azz" 16oz margaritas (10pm-12pm), so if you're in the mood for a cheap late night meal (oft hard to find around Penn), it's perfect.  The margaritas themselves are pretty damn good too, and most of the time, very strong.Simply terrible. Mean staff and manager. Long wait times, below average food, sub par ambiance, etc. With so many other options nearby, why settle for mad mex?Got the $7 big azz margarita and it is actually pretty huge. I'm very sensitive to bitter drinks so this was perfect for me. I got the strawberry slushy margarita. 
I also got (true to my nature) the vegetarian enchilada which was really good. It was mainly stuffed with Portobello mushrooms and if I wasn't such a fan of it, it would have really been overwhelming.I go to Mad Mex with my friends so often we have a regular waitress. I have hit the college discount times and have dined there during normal hours. I have never had a bad experience and any unsettling events at this establishment. Everytime I've been to Mad Mex I've been met with swift service and added incentives to continue patronage like free cheese for nachos and or a basket of Nachos on the house(birthday club, frequent diner's, etc).  
The marg's are great and they even blend them if you like. The burrito's are the best option on the menu after the wings. They have well above average food being made and served here. 
The atmosphere is exactly what you should expect of being in a urban college setting. Semi-loud music, loud conversation are a regular occurrence but they never detract from having a good time.Awesome for college students! Very cheap during happy hour and late night happy hours (half-off food with student ID at 2-4 pm and 11 pm-1 am), and the portions are huge -- you really can't beat all that! Food is not high-quality, but it's all decent, and again, the servings are HUGE (especially the nachos!). The big azz margheritas are huge and quite strong for me (i don't know why other yelpers are saying these drinks are weak). 
Service was good and nice to us. The place is rather too dim (at nighttime) for me.