Delicious food! Lamb stew and lentil soup are amazing. It is highly recommended to anyone who enjoys middle eastern cuisine.I like you, but I need more attention than you gave me on our first meeting. You see, I drove pretty far, got lost, and then when I finally found you, you were so unwilling to help me in any way. And you made me wait, for no reason. I'm not made to wait without good reason. But I do like what you have to offer.
Great buys on fresh meats, great selection of spices, great baklava and they have ful (pronounced: fool, its a type of bean)...YUM for breakfast! I will be coming back...I've been living in the area for the past month, and I already rely on Makkah for so much. They have a fantastic meat selection, and their spice rack is second to none. You won't find more reasonable prices on seasoning anywhere else in the city. The store is stuffed to the rafters with all the necessary condiments and ingredients you might need to make any Middle Eastern dish. Their pita is soft, fluffy, and absolutely delicious. And they stock Injera! In addition to all of this, they have a great European chocolate selection.
Okay, okay, so I agree with other Yelpers that the people running the place can barely raise a smile, but this place is open 24 hours a day. They must be exhausted! And what they lack in toothy grins, they more than make up for with fast efficient service and knowledgeable answers about their stock. Also, one day I saw them pack up a little old lady's shopping cart with a million items and then call her a cab. They know where and when to deploy their generosity and I'm down with that.A hidden gem on Walnut street.
Open 24-hours, seven-days-a-week, Makkah has a great, small-town vibe, always full of friendly people catching-up, greeting each other, in a positive mood.
The prepared food smells delicious, and the aroma hits your nose as you walk in the door.  Everything here is fresh, from scratch, and inexpensive.
Be sure to pick up a bag of fresh Medjool dates -- at 25 cents each, and each as big as your thumb (and a few larger), the sweet, deep, meaty fruits are a must-have.
A great neighborhood resource, and a vital gathering center for the community.Yes. I am a fan but still the place needs to expand badly. Too many items in a very small space. Customers base is growing also.Great selection.  Nearly any middle eastern item or spice (some made in house) you could think of.  Upper floor has Islamic and religious items as well as minor cooking supplies.  The middle floor has a small eating area with arabic news station, spices, rices, some bulk items.  Main floor has most middle eastern and greek breads, juices, convenient items, and ready made food.  They have about a dozen items: falafel, lamb, great cheap hummus (comes with pickle juice so order without if inclined), baklava, etc.  Has most items you could want and they are kept affordable.I wish I had known about Makkah sooner.  So many late-night munchies could have been deliciously cured, and I could have prepared totally awesome ethnic cuisine from my motherland with all the authentic spices and ingredients they sell there.
Okay, so I'm not much of a cook (and I'll be damned if I'm making my own phyllo dough), but at least they were always there when I needed hummus and pitas, or a nice greasy brunch.  This is definitely a great place to stop in for a quick, hot breakfast - delicious eggs and pancakes and turkey bacon served at lightning speed!  And it's cheap as hell, too.  I paid $3 for all of the above.  Also try their Baklava!  It's a dollar well-spent.Great deals on groceries, delicious hot food and top notch customer service!This place is pretty cool.  I've been coming hear for a couple years to do grocery shopping as well as prepared foods they sell.  
They have awesome lamb and chicken stews usually with different kinds of rice and vegetables.  Sometimes fish, sometimes lamb shanks ($5 a pop, not a bad deal) and sometimes even lamb heads.  If you want grocery items like middle eastern spices, pitas, halal meat, etc...this is your place.
Only one complaint is that some of the people who serve the food at night are racists and will be rude to you and ignore you.  One of the workers there is particularly disrespectful and even shoved the food on the counter without saying thank you or goodbye.  I simply know not to patron the store when this one particular worker is working.
Besides that, this is a kick ass place.The selection of grocery items are great. The hot food section is nice as well, they serve Eastern dishes that are rarely on the menus at restaurants. I frequent this place often and the prices aren't too bad either.The good thing is: they open 24 hr
The bad things is: it is not good to get food later than 7pm because they get cold during the day.  
First of all, love love love their spices. They comes in different size so you can choose depends on your usage. 
Second, they carries some middle eastern snacks and candies. 
Third, fresh: pita, baklava, hummus, mango juices, lamb chunks etc.
4th: the bookstore upstairs.     
5th: great olive in the back of the store.Walked in the other day after being in the neighborhood hitting up the liquor store a couple of blocks over.  Was looking for some original ethnic cuisine in the area.  This was a good spot where I was pleasantly surprised getting a lamb platter, with rice, and two sides (roasted spicy egg plant &lentels) for about $8.  Also got some non-alcoholic beverages.  Really original.I am definitely sold on this lil joint.
1)  it's 24 hrs.
2)  great olives in the back (fantastic for a cheap olive tapenade).
3)  delicious $1 samosas.
4)  it's 24 hrs AND delicious $1 samosas?!!
haven't tried any of their other prepared foods, but i asked the guy behind the counter and he let me know that they generally make their fresh pitas at around noon-1pm.24 hours of middle eastern goodness!
While I don't know if I'd be keen on visiting at 3 AM, they are open 24 hours a day.  Excellent choices for vegans and vegetarians.  If you could find any of these items at Whole Foods, they would be double the price.  Love the harisa, cheap spices, grape leaves and baklava.  As a foodie and cook, it's fun to try random sauces and other items too.Market is great, though when I've ordered hot food, they've botched my order more than once--but this was a language gap--nice place!Best place in Philly for meat lovers. They offer great lamb chops and unique dessert. Try the drinks.Late night falafel is a necessity when I'm riding my bike home from a raucous night, and I can't imagine a better summer late-night than sitting on the curb in front of Makkah, listening to the birds wake up, gnawing on falafel (hot sauce please) with friends, our bikes strewn across the sidewalk. 
More than falafel though, this place is a great local grocery. Get your yogurt and feta, falafel mix and broad beans, phyllo and couscous right here. The giant cans of hummus (surprisingly delicious), stuffed grapes leaves and baklava have saved my reception-making ass, many a party, more times than I can count.Salam Alaykum. I love Makkah Market :)I go to Makkah Market for the Shawerma platter. It's chicken, rice, vegetables, salad and flat bread for $6.00. It's a lot of food and it's really excellent. Makkah Market is open 24 hours and they have a great selection of spices and Indo-Pak food. They also have a halal butcher.
Be brave! Try it.Great service,i order lamb cheese steak for delivery,and some fries the driver forgot the fries i called back he came right back and hooked me up with free juice,and the manager or the owner was really nice and sorry about that.and the lamb cheese steak was the best cheese steak i ever had.
Thanks.This place has my heart. Truly wonderful food and selection ; they even have a book store up stairs !Makkah serves consistently delicious food 24/7 at affordable prices. I always appreciate being able to get most grocery items and fresh hot food when all other places are closed.My husband and I loooove this place and so as our lil one ,their lamb plate lunch are the bomb. I recommend this place to anyone!!!Nice staff and good stuff. I just hope they make some improvements on the place if it's possible, so  at least we can use a cart while shopping.Extremely good middle eastern food with taste and fresh. There is always high traffic of people as it seems to be popular among the people in the area. It is a good place to take out.Took a drive here the other day looking for sucuk since my Turkish hubby had been craving it lately (he hasn't been home in over 4 years!)...not only did they have some but they had 3 different kinds to choose from, along with tons additional Turkish treats, he was like a kid in a candy shop!
I look forward to a monthly here for everything Turkish and all of our Halal meat needs!I've been meaning to review this place for a while, because even though I went probably over 2 weeks ago, I'm still drooling over and consuming their under-$2 pitas.  The white ones in the yellow-ish bag.  Just trust me on this, buy a bag and they will be gone in 2 days (or maybe that's just me?)  The ginormous whole wheat ones are also good, and seem like they'd make an excellent pita pizza crust!  I also loved the gigantic dates from the bulk bin-- just the treat to tide me over until dinner.  My boyfriend got the chicken shwarma, and the hummus wrap-- both were served on the aforementioned plain pitas.  He really liked the chicken, and I enjoyed the hummus wrap.  I would give the place 4 stars, because I still like Saad's hummus better, but Makkah's pita is superior and their hours are better, so...5.  Stop reading now, and go if you haven't!makkah has many things fantastic.  among the best- fresh fresh pita, olives (many for not a lot of $), labneh (yogurt spread), spices (very very reasonable), and dates (large, good).  i think the hummus and the yogurts are especially good deals.  
this is your place for the most random spices that you never heard of until cooking lebanese food.  sumac, cardamom, etc.  all in the $2 range, while in center city they are in the $6-12 range.  
i can't speak for the prepared foods, but they smell good.I appreciate that they are open 24/7 and visit whenever I am in town for a reasonably priced samosa. I also appreciate that they recently abolished their credit card minimum. They also carry some staples in some of my Tunisian and Egyptian cooking, including mloukhiya (except they don't carry it as a powder so I have to crush the dried leaves into a powder myself), Tunisian couscous, and grape leaves. 
One thing I am saddened by is that they rarely have msemmen with meat available (which I love and I think they make excellently!!) and when I try to order it, half the time the only lady who makes it has something else going on or whatever the case may be, and I am unable to order it. The person on the phone usually seems confused or unsure as to when she will be available or able to make it, and on more than one occasion I have been asked to call back again the next day with the same results. When I am able to successfully order it, it's like a rare treat. I would suggest perhaps showing more people how to make it and making it more often because there is definitely a demand for it.Lots of products and variety to look around at in this store. Saw a moth near some of the packaged food which made me back away a bit. Staff was fine. The location isn't the best. Had a falafel sandwich which wasn't that bad. Only ate half of it though.The fresh food is amazing. I highly recommend the lamb! The store items are diverse and they pretty much have everything you need or want. They are open 24/7 which is very convenient. They also have this amazing frozen Iraqi Kubba which is a rarity. They also play umm kalthoum which is phenomenal and such a throw back to the Middle East.Normal food? I'm sure the grocery portion is on point for fobs.Good for vegetarian groceries.  The Romi brand yogurt is excellent.  But my favorite thing about Makkah is the barber upstairs.  The barbers are professionals and once you become a regular customer you get the full treatment of having your head wrapped in a steaming towel, massaged, and anointed by citrusy perfumes.  You leave feeling like you just left a spa.  All this and a great quick haircut for $9.   Give this place business.  They deserve it.Makkah Market is definitely a unique, humble store.  It is open 24 hours, so come anytime. As you come in, you will see hot food to the right. When the food gets cold, they usually pop it in the microwave if you want to eat-in. In a hurry? Take-out is a breeze.
They have a modest selection of pita, dried dates, Turkish delights, spices... head to the back if you want to check out the halal meats, and pick up some Ayran from the fridge, too.  
If you want to eat in, definitely get the lamb shank -- it is delicious! Just try whatever you want, the food is flavorful and comforting. Don't forget dessert; they have a variety of baklava to choose from. I ended up picking one of each because they all looked so yummy!This Place has very little room to move around and get stuff. I bought chicken which I later found out to be very smelly, so I had to throw it away. See other places for fresh halal meet. Haven't tasted their food so no idea about how it tastes.Best place in the city to buy kalamata olives, olive oil, tahini, halva, spices, and pitas. Prices can't be beat, and the selection is great. Plus Makkah is 24/7, so what else could you possible ask for?!This is an odd sort of a place. Its a grocery store with a cafeteria and a meat store all built in a fairly small shop size. It is crowded and the line at the counter doesn't give any room to ask questions to the chaps at the checkout counter, who unfortunately, are also the only ones who appear helpful.This market is truly a gem! I came here just on a whim and was so delighted by all their options. It's a pretty small place but they have so much stuff and you could really take your time to check everything out. I got a bunch of goodies. Really love their baklava. I'm a little obsessed actually because I went three times in the last week lol. They also have hot food that looks really yummy but I have not tried it yet but I plan toI heart Makkah Market.  Beyond the wonderful prepared foods, the staff is always friendly and inviting.  I heart the falafel and the baklava, which I can be picky about.  Sticky, crispy, and sweet.
I love that I can pick up bags of giant whole wheat pitas for a mere $1.50.  Homemade hummus wraps for the week.  If you're willing to try new things and cook a bit more often, you can find some real gems here of the Middle Eastern variety.
Oh, and the late night hours are AWESOME.Thank you Mr. Jafar. I returned and was pleased. I didn't come across any moths or anything. I appreciate you reaching out to me. Thank you.Open all night. I go here when I am drunkenly riding my bike home at night. They've got falafel. They also have a full middle eastern grocery store and hot food. I pick up the whole wheat pitas. They are usually less then a buck.This is a wonderful store with many options in a small place. They must have at least eight types of pita bread. I get my favorite lamb and chicken meat from this store. 
I was always able to find parking close to the store.Really nice people here, great groceries also. I get olives and Turkish coffee here, sometimes felafel. They've got good assortment of breads also!Exquisite food! Great taste, friendly service. Lots of smiles and an amazing shawarma platter.I used to love coming here before I got a car. Convenient for quick stop for meat.
However, the meat guy is not very friendly, they give small portions and they are always running out of the Mitchel/ahmed chili garlic sauce that I love.
I would go to Asian halal meat in Bensalem instead any dayLove Love Makkah Market :). I love that its right across the street from Jamia Masjid.
You can grab a bite to eat before or after 
Salatul Jumah. They have a food counter
and a eating area, not to mention the bookstore,jilbab store and barber upstairs. 
Love the groccery store with food from across the globe. Just went there today and brought Beef Mortadella for 6.50!!  The only bad comment I have is the lack of space. Its really cramped and when its full people have a tendencey to bang and bump into one another. They close on Fridays during Dhur for Salatul Jumah. I would suggest visiting before Juma cause its a madhouse after the salat.I first went to Makkah Market because my daughter wanted to try lamb chops and I was not happy with the lamb I could get at the supermarket.  I went into Makkah Market, which is much  bigger than it looks on the outside, and went in the back, to the meat department.  There, the butcher was cutting up a lamb.  Okay!
Buying meat at a store where you can see the butcher working makes me happy.  And it is really good meat.  
They also sell a full line of other useful items: fresh pita and bulgarian feta cheese, which I used to go all the way to Bitar's to get, is now much more convenient.  They sell dried dates, and delicious Merguez sausage, and all sorts of Near- and Middle-Eastern condiments, seasonings, and ingredients.  I often get dried dates.
They have a steam table of prepared food and a small eating area.  I have eaten there a couple of times. The food is not great, but there is nothing wrong with it.
Update 2016-11-30: This has become my preferred source of beef.  Their beef is better than supermarket beef and their ground beef is _much_ better.  They do not have a large variety of cuts, but what they have is extremely fresh and beautiful.  They also sell kufta (ground meat mixture for meatballs) that you should try.  Unfortunately they do not sell hummus or baba ganoush except in cans.  If they have a produce section, I have not seen it.As long as I can remember being in West Philly Makkah has been a go to place for anything Middle Eastern. It always has been a bit intimidating being an Asian woman to go in here; usually the place is filled with men, few women, and narrow aisles. When Al-Rayyan market opened up around the corner I started going there because it was more sanitized and more women shoppers were there. 
However, let me tell you, Makkah is a gem. I have been looking for Aleppo peppers everywhere and could not find any. I took a chance and went today, and voilà! Found one! I even bought the bean pie! Wow! 
As intimidating as it is, I have always found Makkah employees to be helpful, and kind. It is also open 24 hours, with all sorts of homemade prepared Middle Eastern food, and desserts. They have a barbershop upstairs, and also kitchenware, clothes, etc upstairs as well. Thank you for making my day!Absolutely horrible!! Myself and my cousin came to this market because we saw a recommendation from food vlogger JL Jupiter. We came there thinking that we were going to get a chicken shawarma platter that looked like his or even like the pictures on their website. Well when we got there we were rushed by a woman asking us what sides and the language barrier was also a problem. All I wanted was a chicken shawarma platter with rice and salad and what I got was a smelly, slimy platter filled with okra and cabbage that was so overcooked that it might as well been mashed potatoes. Very disappointed, complete waste of money!!Great selection of halal meat and dairy products you won't be able to find at Fro Gro or Shop n Bag.
For me, what really shines is their spice aisle. They have everything, and in restaurant sizes.
Their samosas are pretty good too, when they have them out.
If you can't find it anywhere else in UCity, this place has got what you need. Definitely stop by if you're planning on making ANY kind of mediterranean food.Although it's a super small place, I think the hours and the consistency make up for some of the loss of personal space. Grabbing a lunch platter from Makkah is an ideal way to ensure you've got food for the whole day, with a variety of options and likely something you didn't even think you'd like! 
I've tried all types of rice, goat, lamb, two types of fish, chicken on and off the bone and almost every side, always for $8-9. There are buffets in the area, but for twice the price, i can get the same amount of food, so I see that as an awesome deal. Depending on who is working that day, you can get variable amounts of each item, but if you ever want a little extra, they will easily customize it for you and keep the price the same.
There is also a huge section of breads coming from different parts of the city, as well as interesting desserts, drinks, and a pretty sizable spices and frozen meat collection in the back. I think that for the price and the quality of the food, it's definitely worth it, especially on the days where there is a high turnover and the food is being refreshed quickly.I stop in this corner market from time to time for their fried frozen falafel and sometimes a chicken skewer..
Maybe one of their many meals. They are always busy serving one of their many hot dishes. Plenty of pastries, snacks, and drinks in this market. Groceries, spices, and health & beauty items. I'm not an expert on Halal and Middle Eastern food and products. Im more like a point at what I want type of person and enjoy what they've served. I haven't been disappointed yet. 
One of these days I'll spend more time browsing everything they have to offer. I just accept that all of the people in line must be a sign of Lots of good things available inside.I grew up down the block from Makkah Market. It's is more than just a grocery store/ restaurant. It is a staple in the community. From your small grocery needs, halal meats, amazing middle eastern food, and traditional books and clothing, they have em all. 
The owner Jafar is really nice and friendly. He always helps out with donations for good cause. Most of the staff at the store are nice. 
One of the most underrated things in Makkah market is the food. It's fresh and cheap. Great hope cook food. 
If you ever in west philly or Jamia Masjid check them out. 
P.S. they have a book store/clothing store at the second floor.Covid-19 update for late June 2020: 
Every staff person in this store was wearing a mask. Five stars.The Makkah Market was recommended to me by an 11 year old so I didn't rush to come here and didn't have high hopes.  But since I finally made the trip here I have come to the Makkah Market at least 20 times.  Usually purchase these date filled bars and delicious bread that is near the entrance.  Then move to the back to get some canned goods that are not available at other stores.  Lastly I always leave with a meal from the counter.  
The grilled lamb is sooo tasty.  I get it served over the spicy chicken rice which is some of the best rice on planet Earth. They will also add whatever sides you want from what they have that day.  It's so much food that it's impossible to finish and I will bring the leftovers to work for an awesome lunch the next day.
Sometimes I get fresh baklava or other desserts and every one I have tried has also been delicious.My favorite mini grocery store. I'm middle eastern and this place being around the corner from where I live is a blessing. I mainly only shop here. Keep it up!I consider this place the core of Halal meat and food, in this place you can find anything related to the middle East and North African cuisine, and if you go upstairs you'll find variety of things related to the middle East and North African tradition and also Islamic books if you need to read about The beautiful religion, there is a place where you can sit and eat inside too, and it's open 24 hours 7 days a week! Even in holidays.Pretty cool place. My brother needed a few Lebanese/ middle eastern spices and we went in and bought a handful of them. The prices were very reasonable and the vibe was pretty cool. There's a restaurant upstairs and fresh meals cooked downstairs. Cute guy checked me out at the counter. Would visit again even though it's a little cramped.Cheap, ethnic groceries. Great place to pick up spices and middle eastern groceries or anything near that variety. I always walk away having picked up unexpected gems of groceries and finds. They definitely pack a lot in a small space.Huge selection of middle eastern, African, and international groceries. Very clean place and have been coming here for decades. There is a hot food buffet, many spices and grocery items you can not find at a regular grocery store.I had the BEST lunch platter here - they have so many choices for lunch that I am making this a weekly visit.
Ghere are 3 floors to this place and so many sections - lunch space,  market, a whole clothing store, housewares, essential oils, electronics, deli -- pretty amazing. 
Check out the food pics!I' ve been to this store so many times, and I must say it is a well-stocked Middle Eastern grocery. They carry hundreds of items imported from the Middle East for a fair price, just grab a basket and search for the missing ingredients to complete your recipe!  Remember before you grab your apron and start making the famous egyptian foul, get the canned fava beans from here.
Other than grocery products, they have a full Halal Meat section and cafeteria style eatery- that I never tried!  This store literally has everything you need from food ingredients to books. On the second floor, they have islamic books, CD's/ DVD's, some documentaries in Arabic and English, and men/women clothing. They also offer catering. 
Makkah Market is open 24 hours/ 7 days a week! How convenient and awesome is that?
Three and half Yelps!The hummus with meat breakfast here is good - and super hummus-y. I was expecting hummus to be more the side dish, but it was the main part of the meal. Try it if you're a hummus superfan. Delivery was also prompt and smooth.Very good selection of middle eastern food for such a small space, very reasonable prices, open 24 hours, fresh pastries even.  This store sold everything I was looking for in a middle-eastern grocery, and then some.  There are many products I found here that I have not been able to find elsewhere in Philadelphia.
A huge asset to the community.The food was good...I was surprised that they were still open, we would eat here in our clubbing days.This establishment always gives me a wonderful "trip" to Middle East by providing the atmosphere of a busy market with positive energy. Inside of the stores are full of interesting spices, sweets, different kinds of dates, condiments, oils. I wish products are placed in a more organized way, while that little scattered display is making a uniqueness of the place, finding unusual interesting things here and there as treasure hunting. Up to now I have bought sukhary dates, tahini, halva (it would be nice if they can carry sugar free pistachio halva), Lebanese olive oil in a cute little bottle with a handle. Staffs are knowledgeable and right away answer to question. Today, I have found another interesting Liquid Saffron. Looking forward to trying for soup, tea, etc. 7 days-24 hrs is also fantastic!!
UPDATE: I truly appreciate the warm comment from the owner Jafar! I am using the liquid saffron for soup of any kind. Just a few drops would warm you up. It does not have fragrance, but it is good enough for soup. I plan to buy again! (January 8, 2020)Just writing an update, and I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. I wanted to share some more of my recent great finds (or, addictions):
One is probably a 9x12" packet (yeah, I can't think of a better way to describe this) of pure deliciousness-- basically, dried apricots, oil and sugar condensed into a hefty rectangular fruit roll-up. It's under 3 bucks and near the "stairs" to the back level of the store.
Another is the injera. It's freshly made, spongy yet light, perfectly-sour and you get a ton of it per bag (it freezes well). I bought a bag last night, and immediately commented on its lack of "sandiness," something that bugged me a bit about injera I bought once at the 40th St. International Spices place. No offense to their injera-- in fact, my boyfriend likes the grit of that one. But I've finally found my injera-heaven. I even have another testimonial from a friend, who likes the feel of it on her face. So, if you're looking for some injera to please your tastebuds (or...face...), Makkah's got you covered!
Oh, and the peanut-brittle stuff is pure crack.I love this cool little grocer in west philly. There's two levels consisting of your grocery staples along with a clothing and gift shop of the second level amongst other things. My fave part by far is the food bar. It's small, but you really get that homegrown feel of food without having to travel too far. It's essential to take your time the first time here just to see everything  from the unique spice options to the international food selections.It an OK selection of food, though I wish they devoted their upstairs section to food rather than other goods.
The food they serve up front is decent and cheap though.  I particularly like the $1.25 baklava, they're good and really cheap compared to most other places, and the cheap samosas are nice too.I was excited to come here. I saw the great reviews and I thought the food woud be amazing. I walked in and saw that it was a small market and I thought then, yes! This will be good and authentic. The man at the front register still had customers in front of him and, rellay I wanted to ask questions because I didn't know what my options were. I thought I saw photos of a hummus/vegatarian patter on yelp which is what I originally wanted. The man said hummus? Then just rang me up for hummus. When I said I wanted a platter he got confused so I just opted for what I saw on the wall, a chicken patter. I wanted curry chicken but before I could choose, one of the cooks put a plain piece of chicken in the box. The man rang me up for over $9, and I just waited. I thought that I coud choose from the food on dispay like a woman next to me did. So I started to choose what I wanted and then they brought me a different patter. I opened it up to find no rice. There was some confusion, back and forth talking and then the man who started to put the curry chicken together for me put it back and then handed me the prepared patter. I asked again for rice and even the man next to me said "give her rice, she wants rice." So they gave me a side fo rice and sent me on my way. I deicded not to make any judgetment before trying the food. Well, the best part is the salad, meaning it's the most favorful. The chicken? dry. The hummus is good. The rice? Tastes like Zatarains yellow rice. Which is fine, but no seasoning? I wont be returning here sadly, disappointing =/Despite the rain I was feeling the need to go on a falafel hunt, And Makkah certainly delivered. It wasn't the best I've ever had (I heart you Alyan's!), but considering that it was less than $4 and it's available 24/7 it's certainly ranked among my top!
Makkah is an incredible market that hooks up fresh pita, baklava, hummus, mango juice, lamb chunks, and then some anytime you need or crave them. It also has an interesting book store upstairs. And apparently you can even go there for a haircut. talk about a treasure of a store!Yum! Just dropped in for a late lunch and was amazed AND ashamed that I hadn't stepped in before. There's an embarrassment of riches inside this tiny multilevel shop--and it's 24 hrs. For lunch my bf and I got a shawarma pita and a merguez sausage hoagie. Both very reasonably priced and good, not *amazing* but other menu items look promising too. Split a huge baklava-esque pastry too. I say baklava-esque because it didn't have any nuts but had a thick custard type filling. Delicious! Looking forward to going back to grocery shop...I've got my eye on you, Turkish delight....Bought some chicken from the store which was good for next 5 days.. Came home in 15 minutes and opened the pack to find a rancid smell.. Really poor hygiene standards..
Addition: I called and told owner I would come the next day for the refund.. When I went the next day, the owner had a doctor's appointment and employees were like they cannot do anything and I'll have to come back again.. 
No I'm not coming back.. I'm not going back ever. Sir, you need to up the service and hygiene.