If you like flavor that isn't easily replicated then you will love Malbec. Wow. I was so impressed. We got empanadas and churrasco as appetizers and they came out quickly, were reasonably prices and delicious. I got the skirt steak and it was everything that I hoped it would be and more. Cooked to perfection and dipped in chimichurri sauce. Amazing. My wife loved the homemade white cream and strawberry for dessert. The waiter was friendly and informative and the food came out quickly. We live in New Jersey and are already planning out next visit. We were going to go to another popular steakhouse in Philly for my birthday in April but we will be coming to Malbec instead.So, my Grandfather was a butcher. My Dad was a butcher. Both uncles on my father's side were butchers. I was a pastry chef, then a bartender, then a server...in my opinion, this steakhouse was so delicious and had a cute, funky fresh vibe (and great wine). Sean , our server was warm, accommodating, and admittedly, easy on the eyes! lol
We live in Queen Village and will definitely return! (Especially since Im on a no carb diet!)I stopped in late on a Tuesday night to grab dinner at the bar.  Was so thrilled to see Quilmes beer on the menu, a throwback to when I lived in Argentina over 20 years ago.  The restaurant is beautiful and inviting.  Bartender was very friendly and accommodating (though I was the only one at the bar), and my food was amazing.  As others have noted, Argentinean food can be a bit plain (sano - simple, down to earth, and healthy).  But my milanesa had some garlic kick to it, and it was just right.  I can't wait to go back with the family and try the parrillada.Great happy hour.  Goes till 8 pm on weekdays.  Perfect!
Awesome cocktails but limited happy hour selectionWent to neighborhood new Argentinian steakhouse. Showed up without reservation but was seated promptly. First thing waiter did was to apologize for a potential long delay in food delivery as they were busy. It went all downhill from there.
 Cocktails took forever to arrive but Mgmt did  comp them. People seated after us were served their main course and we still hadn't even gotten any bread which was fine as it was awful anyway. I think it was a Wawa shortie roll cut into pieces. 
Food was adequate but unmemorable. The best dish were the empanadas but could have used a bit more filling. Salad was plain and steaks were sized well but lacked any pizzazz. Passed on the overpriced desserts and decibel levels are extreme.
Won't be returning anytime soon until they are more seasoned in their food and delivery.Great atmosphere the owner is so involved and friendly and our waiter Donato is amazing so attentive and always made sure we were enjoying our time here. The food!!! It is another level fresh home made with love and tasty. I had the churrasco and was cooked to perfection along with the salad and its dressing just perfect side to my skirt steak. My guest had the chilean bass and i had never tasted such fresh fish and treated perfectly to our taste along with the perfect home made mashed potatoes. Desserts... tres leches delicious! I highly recommend this place!!!Definitely call days in advance for Friday or Saturday night reservations. Parking in this area is hit or miss with meters but if you do have to park in the garage on Lombard St go online and pay for parking for $15 bcuz they will charge to $25 cash only to park on a Friday or Saturday night. The is a sign as you go in that tells you this but some miss it. They only accept cash.
The restaurant itself is small inside, the front room mostly taken up by the huge bar. Tables are very close to each other and the noise level is really high and excessive, we could not hear each other across a two person table due to other diners so close and loud, loud background music and not enough tapestry to absorb even a little bit of sound. It was like everyone was trying to talk over the music and each other. A quieter background music would really be great for such a small, brick walled space, or put sound dampening tiles on the ceiling. For this reason alone we will not return to this restaurant. When spending $150 on dinner I'd at least like to be able to talk to my date. 
For appetizer we had Chorizo malbec - excellent sausage. Perfectly slightly spicy. Served in a red sauce with peppers and onions. This was a delicious starter. We also ordered an appetizer special called Tres Rabas, or calamari cooked 3 ways - grilled portion most charred, made it taste like burnt ashes, part that wasn't burnt was good in the house dressing (chimichuri sauce), sautéed portion in a pesto sauce, fried portion was ok but calamari were thinner. Served with 2 dips; a marinara and what tasted like a ketchup/tartar mixture. All 3 bowls had plenty of cooked peppers and jalapeño to help bulk it up and look like it's more calamari than it is. The calamari was fresh and cooked to the perfect tenderness except for the charred grilled one of the trio.
For dinner we had the porterhouse and filet mignon, both with their delicious mashed potatoes. You can't go wrong with steak at an Argentinian steakhouse! The porterhouse  ($40) was about an inch thick and very fatty on the side opposite the filet. My filet mignon ($31) was as expected for an 8oz filet. Both were cooked to perfection, his medium and mine mid-rare. Filet just melted in our mouths. The cook on the steaks was definitely the 2nd greatest thing about this restaurant. 
We also tried 2 different Malbec wines, his was red and mine was the slightly lighter blush malbec. I thought it was perfect, i typically don't like the 'bite' of a malbec but the blush was just light enough. 
Maybe the 2nd best thing was the Flan dessert. Josh accommodated my request for writing on the plate. Cheesy? Absolutely, and that's just how we roll. 
The reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 3 is because our waiter Josh was an absolutely fantastic 5 star server. He was so attentive and friendly and even accommodated a special request for our dessert. He wiped clean the table after appetizers after taking away the plates, he offered us fresh silverware between our courses, and kept our glasses of water full. Josh really made the experience worth it.I'm giving this place 3.5 stars, even though Yelp won't acknowledge that 1/2 stars are sometimes warranted in reviews. :)
Since I went to Argentina two years ago, I've been nostalgic for parrillada--that high-quality beef barbecue-crisped on the outside, juicy on the inside, enhanced by the crunch of sea salt. 
Malbec didn't quite take me back to those weeks in South America, but it was a perfectly good restaurant. The highlights were the provoleta (gooey baked cheese to pile on baguette), the Milanesa, empanadas, and flan, though I may have been won over more by the side of dulce de leche than the custard itself. 
The flank steak was cooked well, but not amazing, and I was missing the crunch of the sea salt that I liked so much in Argentina. I'd be curious to try the fattier, marbled ribs if I ever returned. And for a restaurant called Malbec, the wine list (especially reds by the glass) wasn't very impressive. 
That said, the service was friendly and attentive, and the setting was warm and cozy. Overall, a perfectly good 3.5 star restaurant.My girlfriend and I never ever leave a place without taking any leftovers but at Malbec we ate everything and tried a couple plates... they were booked and had to sit at the bar but luckily we had a great bartender, josh, who prepared very tasty cocktails. We noticed that he was trying very hard to give exceptional customer services and the owner should take in consideration giving him help from barback because appear to be the only bartender. We are definitely coming back and seat at the bar with josh ...went there for drinks with friends, happy hour is quite reasonable. stayed for dinner, meats are excellent and perfectly grilled. platters are large so you could share some of the larger dishes. noise level is high but supportable, service is very attentive. but a fun place on a cold night.Best happy hour in the city, Tues-Fri from 5-EIGHT! Their apps are very reasonable and taste and presentation are great. We had 2 liquor drinks, one sangria, and three wines + 3 appetizers (their empanadas are awesome) for under $50 before tip. And it's till EIGHT so you can actually work a full day and walk the dogs and even relax for a few minutes and still make it out for a full hour of happy hour. And they have a decent number of outdoor tables with a pretty view of Headhouse Square. Usually I hate spilling the beans on gems like this because it gets too popular, but I really hope this place stays busy so they keep doing this happy hour. HAPPY HOUR FOR LIFE!!!!The food is good and also the wine selection is great! I would only recommend to our waiter to slow down, he was standing beside the table trying to take our plates away even if were still working on it! No rush please!We came in from out of town for business.  We loved the ambiance and the food was even more amazing.Great place! We split the flank steak and homemade linguini with a white wine sauce. Bread served beforehand was perfection. Steak melted in our mouths. Fries were crisp. Pasta was al dente. Tres leches and flan were perfection. Service was top notch. Atmosphere was romantic. 
We only had 2 complaints: a tv (with football no less) and whomever made the pasta sauce doesn't know the trick about reserving the starchy pasta water to add to the white wine sauce to make it coat the past, and because of that, it didn't stick to the pasta and was watery.I would have given 5 stars, because the setting is very nice and drinks are good, food is delicious, but the service is lacking a lot, from getting our orders screwed up to taking a steak dinner request of well done and bringing it back medium rare twice..the owner was nice to accomadate us after it all. But it put a damper on a bday dinner celebrationCame here a few weeks ago for restaurant week. Made a reservation and was seated right away. This is a cute intimate spot in society hill. We split the sausage calamari and empanadas which were all delicious!! The empanadas are a must! And while at Malbec you have to get a bottle of Malbec which complimented all of our meals. For the dish I ordered the chicken which included two large size chicken breasts that were grilled to perfection.  And finally topped it off with a leche soaked cake which melted in your mouth. A+ for this place!While visiting Philadelphia I came across this Restaurant ...  Born and raised in Argentina it felt like a must try. 
The place is really nice, authentic decor and great ambient.  My waitress was argentinian as well so it was a plus. 
Food was absolutely perfect! I got "Milanesas a caballo" and it was out of this world ... so yummy! I paired it with a glass of Malbec. It was perfect! 
The portion was way to big for me but I guess it was "regular size" for same other customers. Big for me but not enough for sharing ... too delicious  
I could eat here everyday, unfortunately I live out of the state. 
Great place! Definitely recommend itOur waiter was so high that after he took our first course order, he just wandered off. After a little while I was able to catch his eye and got him back to finish taking the order. The food was okay. Nothing special. Prices are slightly lower than the best steak houses in Philadelphia. But the quality is also slightly lower. Even though it was my birthday I did not want dessert. I just wanted to get out of there. The chairs are especially uncomfortable. It is as if they chose the chairs so that no one would linger very long. I'm not planning on returning.Amazing ! Great service food was delicious! Customer service was awesome!I recommend it any time best Argentinian restaurant in town !My wife and I ate at Malbec for Valentine's Day! 
Glad that we did, we had a great time! The food was very good, service was excellent. We started with not one, but two baskets of bread! The bread itself was good, but it was really just a sidekick to the chimichurri that they serve with it! Their chimichurri is out of this world!!! I wish that I had a jar of it to take home & eat with a spoon! We had their Valentine's Day pre fixe, all of the courses were delicious! I can't wait to go back to order from their regular menu.Came here for a date night with my hubby n we are from NYC. He had the filet mignon that melted in your mouth. I had their special seafood home made pasta in white  wine sauce. Oh geez that was delicious. We also finished with Trees Leche cake. Just as good as their sister restaurant MADERA. Diego our server was great. He recommended an awesome Malbec wine. If only we lived closer.I visited this restaurant during restaurant week and it was amazing. It was comfortable and intimate, the food was amazing and the staff were very friendly.My favorite steak house in the city.  Portions are huge, meat is well cooked and delicious, and everything tastes just like there. I was in Buenos Aires few months ago and this place reminds me  of there so much. The atmosphere, the music everything.. perfection. The service is also awesome.What an excellent restaurant! I had a wonderful experience here and am looking forward to coming back again and again. First and foremost, the Filet Mignon was absolutely phenomenal. It is as good if not better than what I had at the famous Cabrera Norte in Buenos Aires. 
The restaurant itself is thoughtfully decorated and has a great ambiance. I particularly liked the layout with the bar situated in the middle and the tables and booths running around the perimeter. This way you never have more than one table in the immediate vicinity of you, which creates a sense of intimacy in the space. 
The owner, Walter, is warm and gregarious. We had a great conversation about his restaurant and I wish him success in his wonderful enterprise!Had an excellent valentine's day dinner at Malbec. The house made chimchurri and salsa is very rich and flavorful. We ordered the Picada Argentina as an appetizer which came with many meats, cheeses, and the house pickled tomatoes. I hate tomatoes but these were perfect. I ordered the NY Strip and the steak was cooked perfectly and full of flavor however it was very fatty compared to other NY strip I have ordered or cooked myself. The mozz and spinach canelones were perfect. tThe bread pudding is to die for and the house cream and dulce de leche were even better. Overall a great meal to remember in a romantic setting with perfect ambiance!Visiting from Philadelphia.. Food was delightful and staff was cordial. The sangria was one of the bestFantastic experience here. Thank you, Diego, for the wonderful service and phenomenal food! Cheers!Sensational! From the moment my wife and I received our appetizers to our last bite of dessert, we were treated to a sense-filling experience that we didn't want to end. The meats were fresh, cooked to perfection and seasoned delectably. Their house Malbec really allowed us to appreciate the quality of all the ingredients in our well-stuffed beef empanadas, the churrassco, and the rich sea-bass that we shared. The servers and manager were wonderfully gracious, and they will be seeing a lot of us.This was not an overall pleasant experience at Malbec. Unfortunately I will have to rate the visit a 2 Stars and maybe 3 at the most. 
I will start with the good. We were greeted immediately and pleasantly by two young waitresses. They were both very nice and seated us quickly outside for happy hour. They made a few recommendations and were very patient with us. We have a young daughter and they were patient with us. The ambiance is great and the atmosphere is beautiful on 2nd street. Everything looked nice and a few people were outside as well enjoying cocktails and wine.
The bad: The food was not good. I mean very uninspiring and certainly not memorable. Other than the empanadas which were great, we got the Tres Rabos, the asparagus and 2 filet mignon skewers. Not one of the dishes other than the empanadas was even average. 
At he end of the day, the service was excellent and the atmosphere is great. I had a great cocktail on the sidewalk of 2nd street, in the middle of society hill. However, the food is not good at all. Go for drinks and keep it at thatZI happened by this place on a bus tour of philly and wrote it down to check out later... finally made it in...
Nice comfy atmosphere, and a great wine selection. Nice menu selection for more than just meat lovers. I will certainly be coming back.We made a reservation for a colleagues birthday.  Had to wait ten minutes to be seated.  One waitress for the entire restaurant.   Service truly sucks!  Food is delicious!!!Great food, nice atmosphere! Had the shared meat platter, it was great! Nice wine menu!As a neighbor, my wife and I are delighted to see a very good restaurant open in the Head House Square area of Society Hill.The owner greeted us at the door and provided an introduction to the Argentinian cuisine. The soup of the day, a vegetable soup with a cream base, was superb.  My wife's empanadas were also very good. The steaks were excellent with a very nice peppery sauce that was not too sweet. The mash potatoes were a bit on the dry side and could have used some more butter.  Although the steak was served hot, the potatoes were curiously served only lukewarm.  Unlike other reviewers, we had no problem with the quality of the service, although there was some lag in bringing the wine when we first arrived. On busy nights I can imagine a possible issue. Still, Malbec has been open only five weeks, and likely still working out the coordination between servers, bar, and the kitchen 
The house wine, a Malbec (of course) was excellent, served in very nice large glasses with narrow stems. There is a very good range of quality wines available, as well as several craft beers. It was refreshing to see some wines starting at a reasonable price point, rather than the $40+ at some other establishments.  
The decor is very pleasing, with a certain rustic elegance. The only quibble we had was the acoustics. We share the concern of another reviewer that this place can get very loud--especially with low ceilings and lack of carpet.  My wife and I had some difficulty having a conversation with parties at only three or four other tables. The background music is not too intrusive in itself, but on top of the din of other voices, is a bit much. The owners should consider hiring an acoustic consultant to advise on ceiling and wall treatments to mitigate the sound issues. 
Overall though, a great new addition to Society Hill. We very much hope Malbec is successful.An amazing experience!. The ambiance placed you in Buenos Aires with tango playing in the background.  Must try the empanadas, the calamari which melted in your mouth and the malbec chorizo!.  The sangria had just the right amount of sweetness and was well-balanced.  The meat was absolutely delicious!.  Our server was Diego who was warm, truly attentive and helpful!.  Will definitely return to sample other items in the menu. Did not try the wine but they have a list of malbec wines that would satisfy any palate!.The only reason this review isn't one star, is because my filet tasted great.  Overall this was a relatively horrible restaurant experience. In a nutshell, our party of six was disappointed. We were the first diners of the evening yet were told they were out of prosciutto off the appetizer menu. Then we were told that they were sold out of the wine we selected from their pretty meager wine list. 
Unlike most steakhouses, they don't offer a variety of sides to order with your steak. Steak comes with the option of salad or potato or rice. I did order sautéed vegetables anyway. Finally, for dessert I asked for the crêpes without the cream and was told no I couldn't have it that way.  
For being the only diners in the rather tiny restaurant, we didn't get prompt service.  Had to ask multiple Times for water and we asked for extra toppings but they didn't arrive until after all the bread was gone.
Furthermore, the table was tiny and low and I could barely fit my knees in my seating area. But the decor was nice!This place is amazing. The food and atmosphere are great. I had the Entraña and it was delicious. I will return soon to try other items on the menu.My husband and I had never been to Philadelphia and we asked a friend which restaurant she would recommend that had good food and was quiet enough to have a conversation. She recommended Malbec! When the taxi dropped us off in front of the restaurant we were apprehensive, we were early for our 5:30 reservation and nothing not the entire street was open. We walked through the town and thought about changing our restaurant choice to a tall ship restaurant... so very glad we didn't! The food at Malbec is fantastic! My husband has the sea bass and said it was the best he'd ever had! I had the filet mignon cooked to perfection! The waiter was very nice and attentive to our table of four. The interior is quaint and cozy and has a great neighborhood feel, very nice experience! Highly recommend!!!Wonderful dining experience - exceptional menu and wonderfully prepared dishes. The only reasons keeping it from earning a 5-star rating do not involve the food. The seating and table spacing in this restaurant is very snug and puts you way too close to other tables and dinner guests. While I do not think it is true of all the staff from what I saw, our waiter seemed uninterested to be there and virtually said nothing when he came to our table other than "what will you have?", "Need anything?", "ready for check?" I would like to think that a waiter at a place this nice would try. He still received a $40 tip on a $240 dinner for four.This is a lovely restaurant, came here on a Saturday evening. My boyfriend and I ordered the Parrillada for two, and was very pleased. Our server was nice and attentive. Would definitely return.I really want to like this place, especially since I live right around the corner and love steak.  I think it needs more time, because it has potential.   I spent $100, which I'm willing to do for a great meal - but my overall feedback is everything served to me was very plain.   Filet and fries came out and there was nothing special to it, just plain.  I think I was expecting flavorful food because this is an argentine steakhouse.   Maybe my expectations were high and that altered my thoughts overall.   There wasn't really anyone there, so the two people working were all over us trying to take our plates away :-)  I will go back and have wine at the bar, but will not spend that kind of money on a meal there until some improvements are made.We had a great meal tonight at Malbec. Mom, Dad and three-year-old. The foot was very enjoyable, the service was lovely, and we got a table-side visit from the owner. I've passed this restaurant so many times on the way home from work/daycare routine. I'm glad we stopped to check it out and we will be back. We had empanadas, salad, rib eye and sea bass. All were great.The best restaurant I been in Philadelphia,great service,wonderful food,and reasonable price 
Go there and have fun!!Heard about this place from a friend and was excited to try it. The empanadas are out of this world amazing!! Even got more to bring home.  The chimichurri vinaigrette for the salad was different and really good.  For dinner we got the Parrillada and Suprema Malbec they were both ok, could have been more flavorful.  The mashed potatoes were very bland, but the French fries were homemade and good.  Will definitely be back for the empanadas!!Had a great time last night with my husband who is Argentinean, and also a talented chef (hence a tough food critic).  After living in Argentina together for a number of years, I took him here as a surprise to make him feel more at home in PA.  We had the parrillada para dos with a bottle of malbec.  For dessert we had flan with dulce de leche.  
The good:  Fair prices for the neighborhood, authentic and delicious Argentine asado.  Relaxed and fun atmosphere.  The morcilla and molleja were both a very pleasant surprise - DELICIOUS!   The other cuts were great as well.  Authenticity was top notch, we felt like we were back in Argentina.  We really enjoyed it.  Our servers were very attentive and we felt very welcomed.
Small critique:  The salsa criolla was a little heavy on oil, lacked a pinch more of salt, vinegar and garlic.  The dulce de leche was not as authentic tasting, tasted more like caramel than dulce de leche.  All in all though, these were very specific critiques from an Argie chef.  Everything was delicious.  
We will most definitely be back!!!!Unfortunately I had a bad experience, I was very exited about this restaurant and their nice location. I have been to Argentina twice for business and this food is just far far away from it. My steak was dry and a bit burned, my wife's pasta was just plain and pretty far away from an argentines traditional plate. Wine was good but our food took forever to come out! Overall a bad experience I wouldn't spend that type of money here again. Definitely not recommendTrue authentic Argentine food - went with a group of eight no reservation and they accumulated us - great customer service and so much food and wineI Would like to say this place it's really worth it, coming from New York this is a new spot to visit. Since there are no Argentinean food around. So good and so worth it. They have lots of wines, and the sangria it's so tasty, we had a few pitchers . I would say one of the best so far, if you want to try something good that's the place to go.Amazing steak and sea bass! The roasted red pepper sauce with the sea bass was delicious. The trio Calamari tasted amazing ~ The atmosphere is very beautiful and the waiter Donato explained the specials well! We came from NJ to try this place out because of all the other Yelp reviews! Excellent service and food! The owners of the restaurant were very friendly and made sure everything was going smooth which it was! Best Argentinian restaurant on the spot! Will come back again soon!Only 3 stars because I did a take out order, and to really experience any restaurant you need to dine in. While I placed my large togo order I enjoyed a nice fresh glass of wine, the bartender was very friendly and bar was clean and comfortable. This place is very cute and achieves the Argentina vibe perfectly.   I'll definitely be back to try their happy hour!Everything about this place was amazing. The service was personable and knowledgeable. The wine selection was exceptional, and the food was EXACTLY what I was looking for. The empanada was perfect and the steak Milanese was what all my dreams are made of. Definitely coming back to this place again! I highly recommend it!Excellent place to eat a romantic dinner.  Food and ambience was excellent.  I ordered the parrillada argentina, which is a combination of different meats.  The chorizo was amazing.  Along with our dinner, we order a Malbec called Elsa Bianchi, which the owner recommended.  That was just the icing on the cake.  The service was superb.  Our waitress kept on checking on us constantly and made sure we had everything needed.  The owner of the place also came by and made sure we were taken care for and they had met all of our expectations, WHICH THEY DID!!!  Definitely one of my favorites in Philadelphia now.This restaurant came with high recommendations from friends.
Let me start with what I liked:
The chimichurri sauce was amazing and the skirt steak.
Now onto what could be improved:
We had made a reservation 4 days prior, because we had 6 in our party.  When we arrived the hostess said she didn't have any reservations.  It turned out not to be a problem as we were seated quickly.  Once seated, our server, Donte, took our drink order - which we had to repeat several times.  After some time, he comes back to confirm the drink order, which was incorrect then leaves. I would say it was about 10 minutes for us to get 2 waters and glasses for white sangria.  It was an additional 10 minutes for the last person in our party to get their coke. 
After he delivered the beverages we placed our orders, we had 2 appetizers and 6 main courses. We watched as other tables ordered after and received food before us.  The waiter came over to apologize for the delay in the kitchen (even though the place was not nearly at capacity).  Finally the entrees arrived BEFORE the appetizers.  The waiter came over and started with, "Guess what happened."  I responded with "Our empanadas went to another table." He said yes.  No asking if we still wanted the appetizers or not, but the entrees were already there and were hot, so we wanted to eat those while fresh.  After a few minutes of us eating our entrees, the appetizers come out.  At this point we really didn't want them, but they were put down.  Both appetizers, the empanadas and melted provolone, were not very good. The melted provolone dish, I imagined sat there while the empanadas were being made, as it was just a moderately warm disk of provolone.  
  I had the rib eye, I was supremely underwhelmed by the taste and preparation.  The bit of skirt steak I had was delicious.  After we finished the entrees, the waiter came over to tell us that dessert was on the house due to the service, which we didn't want because we had dessert plans already.
  When the bill came, there were no comps, no discounts, and no management came to our table, even though they had been visiting other tables that night.  I would not come back to this place nor would I recommend it.So yummy! Food ;) love it came with my husband to try some appetizers and was so delicious highly recommend to visit.  We came from MiamiReal Argentine food. Went with my Argentine parents, who insisted the matambre was as good as my grandmother's. The empanadas were delicious, parrillada perfect, and desert was crepes with dulce de leche and homemade ice cream. House Malbec was light and fruity like a Carneros Pinot. Beautiful place and service was prompt and personal. Going back as soon as I can. Next time will sit outside.I joined my friends as pescatarian since there are some fish options.
I ordered the sea bass and actually the dish was a tiny code fish and not sea bass! Outrageous! It was well overpriced as 40$.
My friends as well were disappointed as there steaks were served coldMy husband I and found this restaurant last week and decided on a whim to try it out. Glad we did, it was fantastic!!!  We both had Skirt Steak with Chimichurri Sauce and it was to die for. The owner came out to the table and recommended some great Argentine wine. Our server, Donato, couldn't be anymore helpful, friendly and polite. The Empanada appetizer was excellent along with the melon and Prosciutto which was delicious. The atmosphere was super comfortable, warm and inviting. We will definitely be making this restaurant one of our favorites and cannot wait to bring family and friends as well. Thank you for a great dinner!!To die for!!!
Had a Chilean sea bass with the Russian salad... OMG, great flavor very smooth to the  palate with a delicious and flavored sangriaMalbec is so authentic - no olives in the empanadas, perfect provoleta and panqeques with dulce. Everything we had was amazing! My dad is from Buenos Aires and he dubbed it the best Argentine food he's had in the states. Be sure to get the milanesa and try the house Malbec.I want to come back and up the rating when I get to try the regular menu, but I came here for restaurant week a few weeks ago and I waited until now to review since it wasn't really all that memorable. I wanted to convince myself it was better, but my experience is what it is. 3 1/2 maybe, if for the ambiance and great wine list alone.
Between the 3 of us, me and my two guests started with the calamari, the soup, the salad and the empanadas. Calamari was very delicious, crispy and flavorful, probably my favorite part of the meal. Salad was just okay, way too much onion. Soup was also just okay, pretty bland. The soup at Pret is better. Empanadas were tasty (how can you hate on melted cheese?) but also pretty basic and very heavy on the flour/dough. Tasted like something I could make at home.
For entrees, we got two steaks (I believe they were flank/flat-iron style) and the breaded chicken dish. I was a little disappointed that even for restaurant week, the entrees were very limited and they offered two similar sounding plain chickens that weren't adventurous (breaded or grilled). Perhaps this is the Argentinian style, as I'm not familiar, but nothing about the chicken wowed me.
My steak was cooked perfectly, had a nice char and a tasty chimichurri sauce. But would I return for just that? Probably not. Perhaps if I do return, I'd get a NY Strip or filet and gauge the flavors by that. On the side, I ordered french fries (I love the combo of steak and fries!), but they were such a disappointment - super greasy, undercooked and rubbery/soggy. I found myself snacking on my guest's creamy mashed potatoes, which were delicious.
For dessert, we tried one each of the caramel flan and the tres leches cake. Both were decadent and tasty, if only a little too sweet (but definitely get one of them if you love sweets). 
Service was good, but unfortunately that night the kitchen was backed up, so the chicken entrée came out 5 minutes after the steaks.  Getting the bill took a long time, too.  Not our server's fault, obviously, but worth noting.  When we got our bill, it was WAY high.  I usually never double-check bills but the amount jumped out at me.  Upon further inspection, they charged us for a completely extra $35 restaurant week meal.  I'm sure it was just a glitch, but still.
Ultimately, there were both low and high points so I'm not dismissing it entirely.Service was not that great poorly trained staff and over priced dried out spanish food. It's not as good as it could be with a little work, we
Waited for drinks appetizers never got put it the waitress was pleasant but inexperienced and it wasn't even busy there. We had a reservation and we still waited a little. The bar had some buzz and apps going out. Put food was mediocre at best and the main courses were just ok. I would have liked it better if they had some sauces or garlic sauce for the pork and the plantains and the other meat apps.Malbec is always just perfect!
My third time dining there and the food is always exquisite. Each and every thing touching the table has a signature flavor that's been well prepared to linger on the palate; the empanadas, the steaks, and that indigenous green chimichurri dressing! Josh is the best server/waiter. Absolutely adore his well balanced attentiveness and reserve. He made us feel like we were in good hands--and we were! 
Plus, I liked the touching of the table by the owner of the restaurant. That put me at even greater ease. Also, the ambience is wonderful. It's a very intimate setting, but that doesn't just mean romantic. Getting close over good food and drink is, as I believe, is more indigenous to Latin culture--which is exactly what I was aiming for in my dining experience. 
All in all, I'm a thoroughly satisfied customer. And I think anyone reading this review would be too.This place was pretty darn awesome. We passed it a hundred times and decided to drop in. Food was excellent, steak was nearly perfect 90%, just a bit too fatty. Wine was great and the wine was really good. Prices were really good will go back.Overall a positive experience. It's a very dimly lit restaurant that has a romantic ambiance. We had a party of 4 on a Friday night for Restaurant Week and the owner Walter was there to host as well as check in on how our experience was, I'd never seen that before at another restaurant. It really says a lot about valuing customers. 
We ordered the Parrillada Argentina, which offered a little bit of everything (short ribs, sausage, blood sausage, sweetbreads, and skirt steak as well as 2 sides) along with 2 of the prix fixe menu. 
The highlights were definitely: the empanadas, skirt steak, chorizo, and tres leches cake. The tres leches is easily the the shining star, and some of the best that I have ever had, with each bite being so decadent and moist. 
Only concern of the night was that one of the pieces of pechuga de pollo was for sure undercooked. The texture was like a medium rare steak. Outside of that, everything was tasty.Fancy without feeling snobby, a difficult balance to achieve. The filet mignon was beyond delicious and cooked perfectly, with mashed potatoes that melted on your tongue. Diego created a seamless progression that made us feel as if we had experienced our meal instead of eating it. I will recommend it up and down forever.The staff was awesome, the "flank steak" tasted delicious, and the empanadas were just like homemade. I'm giving this review because I'm originally from Chile, so I know what to expect from Argentinian food. If I were to go to Chile right now to have empanadas, I wouldn't be able to tel the difference between the ones there, and the ones I had last night. Maybe a little more fresh if being in Chile. Anyways the point is that the food is awesome, and when we come back to philly we will come back again.I went for Restaurant Week. I got the steak and tres leches cake. Everything was amazing. Don't get tripped up by the happy hour, though. It does not apply to the dinner seats.We came here because of the reviews on Yelp and could not agree more how great this place is!  We got the 3 calamari app, the parriillada argentina and a dessert.. along with 2 bottles of wine.  I usually just rate restaurants on the service, but this food was absolutely delicious.  The service was also very accommodating including the owner checking to see how we were doing.  Loved the food, loved the atmosphere and would definitely recommend!Came here for restaurant week, and was disappointed. Service was sadly lacking, and the food, with the exception of the skirt steak, was average. The ambience was nice, it has a hippy Latin bar feel to it. 
Our waitress was not timely, she messed up on our orders, and we had to ask for things multiple times.
The appetizers were ok, we had the fried calamari which was soggy.
The skirt steak was the best part of the meal.
The tres leeches was ok.
Overall, on ok experience, no desire to come back.Great food and flavor. Had the chorizo and the sausage and the churrasco. Everything was delicious. The dessert was insane. 5 start food, the service was done nicely and the attention from Dante our waiter was excellent. 
Will recommend it anytime. Enjoy itI enjoyed my dining experience here.  The beef empanadas are delicious.  They are filled with beef, raisins, green olives, and hard boiled eggs which may sound weird but is very delicious and authentic.  The fries were equally delightful-hot, crispy, and salty.  Some minor stumbles--forgotten chimichurri with the matambre and dulce de leche with the flan.  Both were promptly rectified with apologies.  The atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  Background music was lovely as it was world instrumental music not played too loudly.  Servers were responsive but not obtrusive.  I'll come back again with a bigger appetite to try more of the steaks and have empanadas and fries at the bar.This place has potential to be four or five stars but I asked for a medium well steak and got medium to medium rare and it was bland.  The service and staff was friendly.  If you are striving to be an upscale restaurant and have the term Steakhouse attached to your name then I'm expecting a steak well prepare to the order or if that's off then it should at least have great flavor.  Unfortunately both targets was missed on the steak I ordered.  I'm not big on sending things back to the kitchen, that's part of the reason why I go to places that are upscale but this was my first time going to Malbec after wanting to go for sometime.  It's a shame because everything else my party had on the menu was pretty good.  It was a busy Friday night and maybe the kitchen was overwhelmed but I'm reluctant on thinking that I would be going back.Walked in at 7:26 Waiter said they were Closed while I had a reservation on this cold day took an hour to get here :(.I just wanted to pay Malbec a great compliment. Just had dinner this past week for the 1st time and the food was excellent. We ordered the empanadas which were great. And for dinner I shared the meat sampler for two. It came with a skirt steak, sausage, blood sausage,
sweet breads and ribs . Plenty for two people and also came with side dishes. The drinks
and wine menu were also great and I enjoyed the argentinian music playing. Very nice service and atmosphere. I hope this restaurant is successful in the neighborhood and here to stay.Amazing food. Service was excellent. The Ceviche was excellent. The portion sizes are perfect. The sangria choice was amazing as well.I came to Melbec Argentine Steakhouse during restaurant week. From the time we entered the staff was super kind and was helpful by being extremely knowledgeable about the food and wine they serve. The steak is on point! The flavors that the meals bring is an adventure in itself. Check out my pictures and find me on Youtube as "Roaming For Chow". I do restaurant reviews!Opening night was amazing. All the food was exceptional, and the steak was cooked just right. We went back...and it was the complete opposite. We ordered a pitcher of sangria, and were given two half filled glasses with loads of ice. I asked if it was cheaper to just order two glasses, and the waiter apologized and said he would correct the pricing for us. 
The owners, however, are the nicest people in the world and will do everything to make you feel welcome.Came here for dinner with a group of friends. 
The steak itself deserves only 2 stars. I asked for medium rare, but apparently it came out as medium well done. It didn't taste good as a medium well steak either. 
However the appetizer and the drinks were quite good, hence comes the third star.This place was not fantastic, and it was not by any means terrible. My steak was expertly cooked and displayed a lot of flavor, my guest had the pork chops her's had a complete lack of flavor, but, the mushrooms & onions "slightly" made up for it overall? Based on the price dinner for 2 at $160 w/ tip and a bottle of wine (they charge $68 for a $19 bottle of Catena! As a self proclaimed oenophile I have to ask, "WHY?") 
I give Malbec restaurant a solid 3.7 stars (rounded up to 4.00 because the wait staff was very thorough) minus -1 star the bathroom was extremely cramped in the basement and as a 6'4" individual I had to literally duck to use the facilities not joking! Also the music was really hit and miss every other song was like "what is happening??!!"  and as someone who loves LOUD music this was probably 4-5 dB over me jamming out while I clean my house, not conducive for conversation, or, a romantic atmosphere??!! 
Change the tune Malbec for $160 we deserve a lot don't we? assuming you continue to charge 5 STAR PRICES...Our party came upon this rustic attempt at an Argentine steakhouse (maybe en el campo, Che) because the California pizza kitchen/pizzeria-Stella-something had a long wait and there wasn't space in the waiting area where they'd instead squeezed tables for poor diners huddled by the door. I hadn't wanted to eat subpar pizza anyway, but had acquiesced to the misguided foreigner in the group. 
Probably would have gone back if the gel-haired host--at Malbec--with his overly-rehearsed, saccharine voice had just told us the wait-time. You weren't even that busy dude, how'd you forget about us? And I saw you, later, shaking drinks out for the desperate bartender. Good of you to help him *after* he'd endured the dagger stares of the hangry parties waiting for the tables *you* led them to believe would be available. But this review isn't for you, gelhead. 
I am writing this review for the bartender there tonight, Josh. Josh, you deserve way better, my man. Stop selling yourself short. Them useless buffoons just stressing you out. That lumbering sausage-fingered micromanager laying his clammy paws on your shoulders breathing down your back and telling you how to do your job. Fool need to take off his Nordstrom Rack blazer and refill my water. Oh Josh. You don't need this kinda stress.
Food was decent. Busser also knew what he was doingThis place was really amazing in all aspects.
We made a reservation since we weren't sure how crowded it would be, but it wasn't necessary. The restaurant is set up in a way that accommodates many people but you aren't right on top of each other nor can you hear the next table's conversation. 
The food was incredible, probably one of the best steaks i have ever had, my friend said it was the second best for him. The service was great as well, very friendly, attentive yet not overbearing. 
I would say if you love steak and wine, or just either one, check this place out.
This would be a great spot for a date, dinner with a few friends or even a solo night at the bar (you can order food at the bar as well).
Will definitely be back!