My favorite Chinese take out in the area. The dishes I like most they do better than other places nearby (and in cities I lived in before for that matter), and they deliver quickly.For under $5 for a lunch special this is a good choice. General tso's and sesame chicken are good.I got shrimp in lobster sauce, there were 3 shrimp in it. The shrimp were tasty but the sauce was basically water and corn syrup, gross! Also, the crab fried rice was burnt rice and the crab was disgusting and mushy slices of whatever fake "crab" they use.Best Chinese in the area! The General Tso's lunch special and fried dumplings are the two best items on the menu.Good chinese take out at a fair price.
All your standard choices are available - chicken, beef, soups.   "Homestyle Bean Curd" is a wonderful (though not particularly healthy) vegetarian dish.  The veggie dumplings are cheap and very filling, too.
Seafood should generally be avoided here, but this is a good rule for all chinese take out.
Bonus - if you order $20 worth of stuff, you get free egg rolls and other fried goodies.  Though remember, $20 worth of chinese take out is a lot  of food; invite some friends.Ordered delivery, took 40 minutes I would say that's fair. Still hot upon arrival and that's what matters. Food was delicious I will attach photos. They forgot to add forks and napkins to the bag, but I was home so we simply used our own. The only real complaint I would have is that they sent me the wrong rice with my platter. I ordered white rice with my combination and received pork fried rice.BEST CHINESE IN FISHTOWN. definitely. their food is tasty and cheap, it's never made me sick either. i keep coming back.
one funny thing is that when you call to order they never tell you the time it'll be ready or how much your total is, they don't even take your name or phone number. but your food's always ready in like 10 to 15 minutes. just gotta remember what you ordered since they don't have your name.We recently ordered four dishes for delivery. This was the first and last time we will do so from Mandarin House. The first dish was Hot and Sour soup; it was the best of the four items. The spare ribs were also fine. 
The worst were the two main dishes: Seafood Delight and Mongolian Beef. To suggest that Seafood Delight was either delightful or contained seafood would be an insult to my intelligence and eyesight. This dish should properly be called Broccoli Delight because that's the dominant ingredient, followed by fake crab and sundry other vegetables. There was an outrageous claim that the dish contained lobster. Well, if it did, my magnifying glass failed to detect any. Maybe, the person responsible for this travesty passed a piece of dessicated lobster over the dish, and by an act of "nearness" ascribes lobster to this miserable dish's components. 
As for the Mongolian Beef, it was surely the toughest and driest meat that I've ever attempted to eat. One saving grace is that I'm convinced that the chef was secretly attempting to introduce me to an exotic gourmet adventure by substituting Yak meat for the beef. This is a gruesome gift I could well do without.
Overall, what is most appalling is the establishment's contemptuous treatment of its takeout customers. Places like this harbor a conceit that we don't know the difference between meat or seafood and vegetables, and that somehow we'll live with what we get because we're not present to complain or to send the food back as we might at a dine-in restaurant. What's worse, they think we'll order again, maybe try a different dish and hope for better results. Well, not I, not ever.My local Chinese take-out. Its only about a 5 min walk from where i live. This is where I will go for Chinese take-out for my wife, friends etc. 
The reason i chose to come here was purely because it was the closest to where we live. 
We prob have something from here 2/3 times a month and have been coming here since Nov 2015. 
I usually walk in and place order and they have always been pretty fast. Its not the prettiest place in town but dont be put off by that. 
The food i have had has always been good hot and just as good if not a bit better than average, also the prices seem fair. 
My favs are singapore mai fun, chicken mai fun:)
I cant see any reason not to continue dining here.My friend and I ordered General Tso's Chicken and Dumplings and they OVERCHARGED US what was on their menu because of their made up tax. That was the first problem we encountered. We ended up getting a LOT of chicken but there was NO flavor whatsoever in the whole General Tso's dish. The dumplings were definitely above average, but they themselves were pretty small so thats how it is getting a 1/5. Definitely would advise people to go elsewhere.This is the best local place in Fishtown. Fresh food, clean kitchen, friendly staff. They tend to not bring utensils unless you ask and always skip all the sauces unless u ask. Take our only and super fast delivery.I ordered a large order for myself and 7 other friends. We called and reviewed the order over the phone twice. When the food came, we realized that some of our food was missing. We called back and were told that we had to pay the difference because it was not on our receipt, even though it clearly was. We called back again a few minutes later because we realized that something else was missing, and were told that the man we had previously spoke to "had no idea what was going on" and had to repeat everything. The woman was so rude, saying it was my fault and I had to pay the difference and delivery charge even though they were the ones who messed up. We want back and forth for over 15 minutes, arguing over paying the whole cost of an additional entree and 50 cent noodles I finally ended the conversation by saying please deliver the food because I had hungry friends. After another 45 minutes passed, the delivery came and was STILL missing items. I called back and was hung up on. I will not be going back to this place. Worst customer service I have experienced in Philadelphia.Some of the best, least expensive Chinese food I've ever had. Definitely get the steamed pork buns and cold peanut noodles. Also the chicken and vegetables are amazing.So close and the gen Taos is on point! Large lo mein is a TON of food. Totally worth it!I came in here for some quick food after a concert at the Piazza. It's take out only and there aren't really even any seats to sit and wait. It is located on Girard and Frankford ave, a busy intersection since a few of the popular bars in fishtown are right around there. I ordered the fried dumplings and wonton soup which took about 10 minutes to make. The dumplings were okay, better than others I have had in this area. The wonton soup was actually pretty good and it has been hard to find a place that serves a really good wonton soup in Philly. It's hard to give a definitive rating on this place based on my small order but I would go back again to try some of their other dishes.DONT GO THERE! i was new to the area, tried it for the first time yesterday, terrible attitude, nasty food, even found hair in my food.This is my favorite Chinese food joints in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties area! The egg rolls are the best and for less than $10 you can get a whole meal with pork fried rice and an egg roll and have enough for two dinners! I love their chicken and broccoli. It's cash only but if you order through GrubHub you can avoid needing cash also, so easy! Definitely returning here for my Chinese food fix.I have a soft spot for Americanized Chinese take out food. For what it is, this place is better than most Chinese takeouts I've been to. Even though every time I call for takeout, there is like an urgency to get off the phone on their end, they are actually really nice when I go pick up my order. They just seem to be really busy all the time. I still have yet to figure out how they know what I ordered when I never give them my name over the phone. 
I really like this place because they are efficient, on point with the orders and fast. As for the food, they have really good wonton and hot and sour soups, which I order eat time. Their combo plates are an amazing deal and come with pork fried rice, egg roll and a soup! Oh and they have the absolute BEST CHICKEN WINGS/FRIED CHICKEN. I don't know what they do to them, but they are perfectly seasoned and so flavorful. Usually being a fan of chicken tenders, these wings have changed my mind. They also have a way with broccoli. Any dish that has broccoli in, the broccoli is always perfectly cooked and slightly crisp. Alot of times I get the broccoli with garlic sauce combo and am completely satisfied. 
There are some things that haven't been that good, but for basic things they are a go to place for me. I can consistently trust them to have good Chinese takeout.I ordered my food for delivery. When I received it everything was fine except my broccoli with brown sauce. I called them to tell them that there was barely any sauce and see to if they could bring me more. The guy tells me over & over again that there was sauce & that I should've ordered extra. I told him that it looks as though it was drained. He repeatedly said that there was sauce. I told him that I've ordered this before & it's never been like this. He wasn't helpful and told me that he was busy. The nerve! I'll never order from this place again. I'm part of the reason why your busy. No longer a loyal customer.The Chinese Food lady is beautiful in her bedazzled shorts. 
Scallion pancakes on point.They have the best shrimp with black bean sauce and chicken with garlic sauce and broccoli. The fried crab wantons are out of this world. This is one of the best Chinese take out places around.This is your basic neighborhood Chinese spot . The kind of place that seems sorta shady, but is the only Chinese place around so you deal. There is really no reason to frequent Mandarin House unless you are a Fishtown local with a craving for quick take-out. 
The sesame chicken is pretty ok, and the general Tso. The crab rangoon is very tasty. Pork fried rice is good, but the lo mein tastes very blah.
Service is decent enough for a take-out joint and they've always been pretty quick with my order. I've never ordered delivery - but then again I can't see why. If you don't live close enough to walk here, then I'm not sure why you're going.it's basically the only chinese food place I know of in the fishtown area.
It's just like every other chinese food spot.
i didn't get sick from their food (points in their corner), it's cheap (duh). the one guy that works there seems like he wants to rip the throats out of any one who talks to him even though its his job to take orders (whatever).
ya know. it is what it is.Great little Chinese place in the heart of fishtown. The family is nice and there's always a cute little kid running around the place. Went there for the first time a couple days ago and they had all our food ready quickly and even gave us 2 free egg rolls. Definitely gonna be my go to Chinese from now onGreat little Chinese place. Good food, quick delivery. Had all the fixings and not too expensive. Thanks Mandarin House!Food took an hour. Several items were kissing or wrong in my order and when I called to have it corrected they straight up called me a liar and refused to amend the situation. Call xing ying, way better food.Food was ok. The sweet and sour chicken came so well done that it wasn't even edible. Way too over cocked. The beef lo Mein was good. Pork fried rice didn't have much flavor to it at all. Really upset about how over cooked the sweet and sour chicken was :/ couldn't find more than 2 pieces to eat.I normally don't bother writing a review, never felt the need for it. But tonight, seriously, I felt I had to!
I only ordered two simple items, General Tso's chicken and house special fried rice.
Simple enough right?!?
The General Tso's was brown and old looking!!  The taste?! Nasty, vile and fowl!
The rice had hair in it, not just one strand, but long and black !!!!!
I packed everything up and threw it in the trash !!!!
What a fucking waste of $15.00 !!!!!!
Never Never Never again!!!!we order from this place pretty often. Best option in fishtown for sure. We tried most of the other places, even ones further up aramingo and this place beat them hands down. Best thing on the menu in my opinon is the steamed pork dumplings. The pork fried rice is also delicious. My finance swears by the chicken wings. Suprising from a chinese food restaurant for sure but super good.Best chinese takeout/delivery in NoLibs and fishtown area. The food is always good, they have some decent combos for a good price, and delivery is usually about 25 minutes.Probably the best Chinese I've had in awhile. Only had the general tso's but it was crispy and delicious.  Uploding a menu for anyone who wants to tryDecent, cheap Chinese food. I usually do pickup and the food is always prepared quickly. Food is almost always accurate to order.  Not the best takeout in the city, but convenient to where I live and good enough to keep coming back.We made a delivery order for the first time with this place - we looked at the online menu (variety of foods and more vegetarian options) -- made the order online, received a confirmation quickly, the arrival of the order took about 30 minutes and the food was hot and accurate. Fresh and very tasty - we are already looking to do a repeat for next week. The prices were also pretty reasonable.I ordered delivery and they got my order wrong. I got a chicken dish and they sent pork. When I called to ask them to refund me or send the right order. They told me no, that I'm wrong it's chicken. I'm telling you this is pork. They absolutely refused, they told me to send a picture which I did. Clearly it was pork but still they denied it, then they sent a driver to come back and picked it up! 
This was just so bizarre I've never been treated more rudely. 
Never heard back from them but they refunded me. Guess they finally agreed it was chicken...Good if you want something fast & you've got a twenty spot or less in your pocket.  If you know what really good Chinese food tastes like, don't do it - but it is okay if you are in a hurry & don't have a lot of cash for a  meal over in Chinatown. Note of caution:  I did find a staple in my delivery container of fried chicken livers last week, tho everyone says that is what I get for even eating chicken liver in the first place ...I just wanted to thank you for the food poisoning I had from ordering from you guys truly enjoyed that!Just waited 1 hour 43 minutes for mediocre chinese delivery. Never again.Great place for delivery or take-out. I've never had a poor meal here. Best Chinese place I've found in the Fishtown area so far.My order took over an hour and was promised delivery each time I called and in the end showed up cold.
Worst food and horrible customer service.The best Chinese takeout I have had so far in the city. Delicious sauces used in general tso dish and chicken Lo mein. Amazing fried pierogie-ish jawns that came for free. A ton of food for $28---well spent. Five stars.Don't let the sketchy looking exterior deter you away from this place; if you need some quick, late night take out, Mandarin House is definitely of decent quality to suit your needs. Ordering is a fast process and food is prepared fairly quickly. In my case, it was less than 10 minutes between ordering and pick up. 
While most of the food is pretty average, the Pork Ho Fun proved to be very tasty and had very large, thick pieces of pork belly. The crab ragoons were also very yummy too. You get 8 extremely large pieces for only $5. 
Note that this place is cash only, but there is an ATM inside. But if you do delivery, you should probably make sure you have cash on you.Convenient but not worth the short distance. Theres no vegetarian option on the lunch menu and when you order the full size off the regular menu, there's barely any tofu. Definitely worth trekking elsewhere.Don't let the outside façade stop you from ordering from here. Best Chinese in FishtownYour run of the mill Chinese takeout place. It's been here forever so they must be doing something right. Decent, cheap and fast. Get a combo which includes egg roll and rice. They also don't deliver their food in styrofoam which is always a plus in my book.This place is the go to place for quick and easy chinese takeout. Sauces were delicious and just as good cold the next dayOrder was finished quickly, but had a few qualms with the quality. The hot and sour soup didn't really taste great, and the crab rangoons were pretty much empty with only a little bit of cream cheese inside. The beef ho fun had lots of vegetables in it, but the beef was a bit stringy and the mushrooms didn't taste great in the whole composition of the dish. The fried rice was just alright as well, but the egg rolls were nice and crispy. I asked for them to add extra packets of hot mustard and soy sauce to the bag, but instead, they didn't even give me napkins, forks, or anything to eat the food with. Overall not a great order, but got the job done until I crave Chinese food again.I suppose decent ? Pork dumpling dough is way too thick and almost potato like..."szechuan chicken" had a spicy warning next to it but I'm still waiting for any kick.
**fast delivery late night**So glad this Fishtown staple has reopened its doors! Mandarin House is your typical neighborhood American Chinese food joint that you can always count on for delicious and consistent food. The only downside is that they're cash only, but there is an ATM across the street if you find yourself short on cash! They also have cheap and filling weekday lunch specials which come with a soup/soda.Great Food. Delivery is always on time.
General So chicken a winner. Dumplings and egg roll too!Ordered a General Tso's combination platter and crab Rangoon. The food was pretty bland. The portion was large, but mostly rice. I think there are much better places in town.This place surprised me - I've ordered sushi here twice and wasn't expecting much, but their fish is good for a Chinese-focused place and their rolls are always fat with fish. Salmon isn't the freshest you could ever get, but it's good. Yellowtail is always good. I also tried their garden salad which is standard, and the wonton soup is also pretty good for being $3. The sushi is a bit pricey but I also get it on Door Dash. Impressed overall and my new go-to for delivery sushi.The best Chinese dinner I ever had!!! The wonton soup was so favor full unlike other Chinese restaurants.Food is pretty good. Cheap spot and good Portions for the price. I like this spot better than the other Chinese foods within this area. Attached are recent pics of menuI was craving Chinese food on Memorial Day out of all days. But my usual go to place was closed so I decided to try Mandarian House which is just before Johnny Brenda's in Fishtown. It's surprisingly cheap for 2 lunch entrees for $13. Instead of an egg roll, you get wonton soup or a can of soda. 
I got the General Tso's chicken and Kung Pao chicken. I prefer the General Tso chicken because it had more chicken. But I prefer the quality of the chicken in the kung pao chicken. I just didn't like how there was so much peanuts and not enough meat. Both meals had way too much rice so the chicken to rice ratio was off. Its an OK place if you're craving Chinese and you live nearby. 
TIP: cash only. Need to call ahead to pick up orders outside during Covid.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Place is terrible. I ordered one simple thing. When picking up my food the lady behind the counter had an attitude. Get back to work. My order is completely wrong so I call back and get more Attitude from the same lady. Do not waste ur timeI'm not sure why this place isn't rated higher, they always get it right. Food is hot, fresh, and on time (if not early!). Portions are generous too. They are my go-to for Chinese takeout.