Saw this place on Chuck's Eat The Street, was wandering aimlessly in Philly hungry for lunch, figured hey, why not.
Cute little place. Ordered a traditional roll with veggie meatballs, marinara sauce, and mozzarella cheese, cost about $9.
Things I liked: vegetarian meatballs that weren't blatantly fake meat. I hate fake meat. I don't need to pretend I'm eating meat, so thank you for not doing that. Tasty bread, warm sandwich, friendly staff.
Things that I would improve on: LABEL YOUR VEGETARIAN FOOD. So maybe I should just assume that veggie = vegetarian, but I also ordered vegetarian fried rice from a restaurant once that had dried shrimp on it. Plus I swear the woman at the counter said the tomato sauce had meat in it. I'd hate to order something and it come out with meat when I wouldn't think it had it. The only reason I was for sure that the veggie balls were veg was from watching Chuck's show. Also, this place was kinda pricey. Tasty, for sure, but for just a sandwich with 4 meatballs on it, $9 seems a bit steep.
I was happily fed, but I don't know that I'd come here all the time. Would also like to see more sauce options for variety.If I do not want to make my own meatballs, I go here. I love their meatballs, whether they are on a sandwich or on top of pasta. Nothing but great food and service here, every time I visit or call for a delivery.Have never really had bad experiences here (nothing mind-blowing either though-), but left incredibly underwhelmed very recently. After attempting to place an order and pay using the debit card I'd been using all day, the young woman at the register swiped my card twice and said that things were going through so the transaction couldn't be completed. She didn't attempt to type in the numbers, no extra effort, nothing. Just "This card doesn't work." and hands it back. Naturally, I called my bank, who advised that no transactions had been attempted on their end and noting that this typically meant that there was a card reader error. I'll never know if there was a card reader error or not at Marabella, because I walked around the block to Hummus and used the card just fine there. Okay food + mediocre customer service = patrons spending money elsewhere.I ate here on a Saturday night while in Philly on biz.   It seems this place has been open for months... from the looks of the yelp reviews.  However, there was a remark on the chalkboard that made it look like the place had only been open a week.  ???  I was at this spot... Mid March 2011.  Beyond wondering how new this place is to the area.... I am sure I found this place to be an average place for dinner.
The place is kinda cute... the staff was very helpful.   It has a nice vibe in the joint.
As for the food... I started with a Caesar salad.  It had way too much dressing on it.  It was good but the leaves were swimming in dressing.  
I then had a chicken meatball pasta dish.  The pasta was ok... nothing special... the chicken meatball was tasty but then again nothing I will remember a month from now.  
Would I eat here again... sure.  Will I crave something from this spot?  No.I've eaten here twice now and both times it was YUMMY! The first time I got the chicken meatball pasta bowl with mushroom sauce. Whenever, I've eaten chicken meatballs in the past  they were super dry and bland but not MMC's -- super juicy and flavorful. And the mushroom sauce (which is a marinara with sauteed mushrooms) was bursting with garlic and fresh tomatoes. Last night, I ordered the meatball sampler which is the pork, meat, chicken and veggie meatballs and it was fantastic. All the meatballs were moist (sorry, I know people hate that word but they really are) and packed with flavor. The place is clean and well-managed. The only thing I wish they had were meatballs that I could take home and cook with my own pasta - I noticed they had meat sauce for sale but not the actual meatballs. Do yourself a favor and check it out!Sometimes it's better for me to NOT try new things...
Hear me out. 
Often times, when I try something new that I know I will like its like a curse.  I becomes obsessed, addicted, always needing more.  I dream about said new thing both while sitting at my desk and in the wee hours of night. 
Marabella Meatball Co. is a shining example of why I should NOT try new things.  I have been reading about them since they opened, fascinated with their little meatball shop and wondering just how tasty those precious balls could be.  Well, in a moment of weakness today, I found out.  
While walking back in the rain from the DMV (so you understand the "weakness" now, right?) I took cover inside MMC.  It was hot in there, I was sweaty, but in the end I walked out with a customized Nonni (round roll, 2 balls) of pork meatballs, their mushroom sauce and fontina cheese.  My walk back to the office was light and quick, my steps were filled with anticipation, despite the continuing rain!
I wasn't disappointed, friends.  And as I am typing this I am finishing the last tasty bites wishing I got the Traditional size (4 balls).  The meat was seasoned and cooked just right, the cheese was melty, the mushrooms were fresh and the roll....OH the ROLL!  And that was just one of many other combinations they are offering.  (Practically) limitless options!
And now you see what I mean about why I shouldn't try new things.  With MMC being just a hop away from work, I am doomed!  Doomed to adding 10 pounds of meatballs onto this frame!  YIKES!  But my lack of self control means I'll be back.  Oh yes, Marabella, I'll be back!Had the meatball sampler, four meatballs, one of each kind in a bowl with beef tomato sauce and a piece of bread. All were good with two, vegetable and mixed being outstanding. If  I ever go back ( only in the area about once a year) I think the sandwiches would be a better value.Had the traditional beef meatballs with prosciutto sandwich. It was tasty, the meatballs were pretty moist and had good flavor, the bread was also good. I do think it's very pricey for a sandwich at $9.25.I have gotten everyone at work hooked. I love meat but I love that they have so many veggie options. 
A must get in the city along with a cheese steakAwesome. Awesome. Awesome. Large menu, with a lot of different flavors to choose from. Went after happy hour, and chose the prosciutto nonni sandwich. Decent size, decent price, excellent quality. Also, very efficient, polite and helpful staff. The spot is BYOB. I was a little dismayed to find the restaurant completely empty at around 6pm, because I think this spot deserves business. Interesting idea and excellent execution. I will be back for the veggie (broccoli rabe is involved) and the chicken parm (anything parm rules in my book).Mmmmmm....my meal of Marabella's meatballs melted magnificently in my mouth.
Actually, I'm a little worried about giving too positive a review: then too many people might know about this place and I'll have to wait in line!
Just a little tip, it's BYO, too.  A bottle of wine (I hear a Côtes du Rhône pairs especially well with meatballs!) and a couple sandwiches is the perfect cheap, low-key dinner out!I've always wanted to go here for lunch, and yesterday I finally went. I was not disappointed! I got the Traditional size of the Proscuitto sandwich, and I thought I wasn't going to finish it, but it was so delicious I did anyway. Moist, flavorful meatballs, perfectly melted provolone cheese, a very generous helping of proscuitto, and a fresh roll. In other words, a whole lot of my favorite things in one sandwich. Well worth the $9.25, in my opinion. I will certainly be coming back!Good vegetarian 'meat' balls are really hard to find. 
I ordered the 'Veggie Rabe' and happily awaited it's arrival.
The bread is just as tasty as it looks! 
The broccoli rabe is on point. 
The cheese was plentiful. 
Oh, am I forgetting something...oh, the 'meat' balls! 
They were super mushy, and there is nothing I hate more than a mushy 'meat' ball. It had a good flavor but I wasn't able to get past the consistency. 
It's great to have another place in Center City to pick up a vegetarian friendly sandwich, I'll stop in again.
I'll keep looking for my dream 'meat' ball.Dear Philadelphia, 
Today at work I asked my friend what I should eat for lunch. She suggested "The meatball store." To which I responded "There is no meatball store. Read a book." She took it upon herself to find the yelp link to this wonderful, magical place, and upon reading my butt subsequently fell off in fantastic shock. This was a dream come true, and was exactly what I wanted. I promptly drop-kicked my computer, told my coworkers that there was an emergency, and vaulted out of the window.
A few moments later I arrived, sweaty and crazed with passion, to this unique establishment. After unshirting myself to seem less wet and putrid, I approached the tall, friendly looking owner. He greeted me with a smile that would shame your grandfather, and asked if I had ever been there before. I must have used words (which didn't seem possible since I was breathing so heavily) to convey that I had not, because he answered "Well, we sell meatballs."
Yes, this was the right place. My journey was almost complete. 
After explaining my list of options, I ordered a traditional pork meatball (4) on a hoagie roll with mushroom sauce, some sort of aged cheese, and broccoli rabbe on top. He made it with lightning speed and handed me my new hot food baby with the grace of a powdered snow leopard carrying its young. I unwrapped my new pride and joy, burned my fingers a little, and took my first bite. 
Oh.
Oh my god.
Oh my good sweet dear god. 
My entire mouth began to weep. My tongue found its new god. My tastebuds began to sing a song unheard of by human ears. My cheeks couldn't get closer to the food. My stomach began to murder my diaphragm in an effort to reach the food sooner. All that I knew that was good in the world suddenly plummeted out of my mind to make room for this new and terrifying thing that my body had found. 
After finishing the first half of my religious experience, I promptly feel asleep at my table. When I awoke, the store was closed and I had a small, hand-stitched blanket around my shoulders that smelled of sweet grandmothers. In front of me was a glass of milk, a cookie, and a small card. I reached out and touched it, feeling the fine fabric of its makers. It had a word printed on it, but it was without ink, only an impression had been left behind. I ran my thumb over it and made out its message. 
"Love" it said.Lot's of stuff to choose from their menu. I would definitely come back and try other stuff.I wanted to love your balls...but I didn't.
When I go to a place that is specifically designed around the concept of preparing and selling meatballs, the meatballs better be damn good.  They weren't.  
I strolled in to MMCo. on a Monday night at nearly 530PM, the prime time for a dinner service.  Only one other person was inside when I arrived with my partner and we placed our orders while we waited for three more of our friends to arrive later on.  
I wasn't much in the mood for a sandwich (and I've never really found a meatball sandwich to be the type of sandwich that I like) so I opted for the meatball "bowl".  I got to choose from pork, veggie, beef or chicken meatballs and the sauce to accompany it; marinara, alfredo, mushroom and perhaps one more that escapes memory.  I chose the beef meatballs, thinking this would be the easy specialty with the mushroom sauce, which was a creamed mushroom sauce, not a red sauce.  
It wasn't but a few minutes when our orders were brought to our table.  John's meatball sandwich looked good enough but my meatball bowl lacked any sort of suggestion that I'd like to eat it.  
First of all, it was served in a plastic salad bowl.  A very small, white plastic salad bowl.  The meatballs were so small...."How small where they?!"...the meatballs were so small, I could hear an echo inside the bowl!  No seriously, they were so small that the three of them could rest side-by-side at the bottom of the bowl without piling up on top of one another.  Yeah, so picture that small white plastic salad bowl and how small the bottom circle of that bowl is and now picture three meatballs sitting side-by-side.  
Let's talk about the mushroom sauce.  I'd bet my life that this is nothing more than canned cream of mushroom soup that is perhaps doctored up a little bit.  Would it have been better if it was served warm?  Maybe.  But I doubt it.  It arrived at my table in a sort of congealed manner, like creamed soup that is left on your kitchen counter after dinner has been over with for quite some time.  It was visually unappealing and the taste was no better.  
A word of advice...if you're going to charge me nearly $2.50 per meatball, make it a meatball I'll remember!  Two dollars and fifty cents can buy me nearly a full pound of better quality ground beef at the grocery store.  At $7 for three meatballs, allow them to at least make an impression in the puny little bowl you serve them in!  These did not.The Greatest meatballs eating out tender delicious I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family staff is very polite and courteousTook out from here and grabbed a few things to check this place out.  Small, clean place with friendly service.  Took out the regular meatballs and the vegetable meatballs. I liked them both and thought the vegetable meatballs were really different with broccoli and cauliflower as primary ingredients.  We also had some spinach and beans. This was sauteed with garlic and made fresh right in front of us. Nice touch.  
Prices are a tad high for the portion size but quality was very good so no complaints.
Nice concept with good potential.I had seen a piece on Marabella Meatball Co. on some food show, I don't remember which one, that gave them glowing reviews. Naturally, I decided to give them a try. 
I opted for a traditional, beef-pork-veal sandwich with marinara and mozzarella. 
I was unimpressed. The meatballs were dry, and I prefer a moist, juicy meatball. The sauce was unimpressive. For $9, it  was mediocre. Two other people tried my sandwich and agreed: nothing special. We all tried to understand what the big whoop was about. You could go to a good Italian deli that makes homemade meatballs and get better.
By and large, I usually get good tips from yelp! There are places now and then that completely don't live up to the hype, though (Federal Donuts, Royal Tavern, Osteria).
Sometimes I wonder if it's just groupthink. The hipsters hear other hipsters rave about something, then just jump on the bandwagon. 
While the place was clean, service fine, etc., I was sorely disappointed.I saw this place on tv, and wanted to give it a try. I walked in and decided to try the meatball Caesar. They had several options such as meatball sandwiches, pasta, soup, etc. 
my salad came with 2 meatballs. You can choose between vegetarian, beef, or chicken. The meatballs were just okay. I did not feel that they had a lot of flavor. At the same time I could tell that they were fresh.
The service was friendly, and there is ample seating. They only have bottled beverages, which are a little pricey. Well, actually my meal was pricey. For the salad and a bottle of tea, it was a little over $12. Yikes!I love the veggie meatballs because they don't even try to make them as meat analogs.  They are clearly vegetable.  Spinach is perfect.  Sauces have fabulous flavor.  good bread.  And, the staff are friendly.  
I will be going back.As a vegetarian, I've walked past Marabella several times, figuring it just wasn't for me. The other day I noticed the sign for "veggie balls," and walked in figuring I'd give it a try. One of the things that has made me stick to being vegetarian is the fact I avoid fake meats at all costs, I think they are the downfall of many a vegetarian. However, recently several restaurants have concocted burgers, cheesesteaks and the like from real food, rather than a processed soy product. Marabella is one of those places, and they do it extremely well. Combined with the delicious marinara sauce and a fresh roll, it is one of the best veggie sandwiches I've ever had. The people working there were all very friendly, even asked if I was vegan as the veggie ball does contain some egg. Nice touch. Based on the sauce and the veggie experience, I imagine the meat-meatball must be at least as good.A great addition to philadelphia's restaurant scene. I stopped in after walking by a couple of times. The staff was very nice helping me understand the menu. I recommend for new comers to try the meatball sampler which gives you one of each variety of meatballs and your choice of sauce or gravy if your Italian. Not trying to start a arguement. I will defiantly coming back. A must try.I like when places stick to one thing and try their best to do that one thing well. This place doesn't have shrimp tortellini, or burritos, or pizza; everything is meatballs. Don't eat meat? Hey, no problem: there are veggie meatballs.
I got the BPV meatball sandwich with rabe, though I don't recall its name (they all have names). The meatballs were excellent and the bread was good, but it could have used some marinara. I appreciate that they're trying to showcase the meatballs themselves (and it was nice to try that), but I just need sauce. A quick trip up to the front though, and it was brought out to me, hot and fresh.
It was a nice enough place inside, and I liked the music they were playing. They had bread pudding on the menu for really, really cheap. The prices overall were reasonable, I think, compared to other places in this area.Fear not vegetarians, for Marabella Meatball Co. has vegetarian options. Its vegetarian meatballs, made from chick peas, lots of garlic, and other ingredients, are tasty. Marabella offers a sandwich of two different sizes (the larger can be eaten as two meals) and a bowl that contains everything but the bread, for those who are calorie conscious. I usually get the vegetarian meatball sandwich with broccoli rabe, but have to add tomato sauce on for extra (the marinara, I believe, has meat, but the tomato sauce is meatless), which raises the price a tad. I cannot vouch for any of the meat dishes.
I like the ambiance of Marabella in that it is a very comfortable place to sit for lunch either by yourself or with a few people.
Update: Marabella has revised their menu with a few more vegetarian options and there is less garlic now. Very tasty stuff!When I saw this place I had low expectations... a meatball joint? Just meatballs? I was skeptical, but my travel companion wanted to eat before we hit the road back to MA and picked this place.
It was decent. Like others have stated, some parts of the sandwich were OMG HOT while others were cold/luke warmish. It was obviously everything was made fresh and I did like that you could choose what you would like your balls were made of. I had the chicken with spinach and ricotta. It was really good even with the weird temperature thing. 
Also they had bottled black cherry soda, which is always enjoyable.
The staff was ok, nothing bad but nothing memorable.I could totes see why you would take your family here. Toddler-friendly food. As in... mostly bland. The meatballs were not super tasty, the service wasn't especially fast, but nothing really stuck out as awful.This place cooks up some great meatballs.  I tried the classic beef, and the pork meatballs - both were tasty but definitely like the classic better.  Much more tender.  Plenty of room to eat in, with some cool, eco looking decor.
The only reason this is 4/5, is the price.  I think it was a little on the high side for a meatball sandwich.  It was good, but not $9 a sandwich good.Hmm well I dunno what to say about Marabellas.  I ordered the beef-pork-veal meatball (basically, a regular meatloft meatball) over whole wheat penne with marinara.  They have something called "tomato sauce" but I can't for the life of me understand the difference between "tomato sauce" and "marinara"??????????????  Anyway, with (bottle, they do not offer fountain) soda, the meal was over $11.  Hmm.  The meatballs were amazing, but clearly had been sitting in some sort of bath since they were made as they were literally so hot as to be uneatable.  My tongue is still burnt.  It must've been in Dunkin Coffee, cause that's how hot it was (and far hotter than the rest of the plate).  And the meal only came with two meatballs.  The pasta was cooked perfectly, but they only give you maybeeee half a cup of pasta.  And the marinara was tasty, tasted homemade and wasn't too overwhelming.  They give you "garlic bread" which is more like two giant croutons, very unappetizing, I didn't even eat the second one.  
The other thing is that they serve you in plastic bowls???  Like, the disposable kind you get at Wal Mart for $2 per 100.  and plastic utensils.  I don't get how that's easier than having washable dishes?  And I really don't like eating hot food in a plastic bowl because of the plastic seepage.  They didn't have trays so you had to grab this flimsy bowl from their weird counter setup to the table, which of course, was scorching.  The decore is strange and it looked like they literally got whatever was leftover from Jake's Sandwich Board around the corner.  VERY small tables, VERY big hightop counters with VERY uncomfortable stools.  I sat at a teeny table and couldn't even read when I was eating, it was that small.  And people had to maneuver between the tables with their scalding hot ish read to fall on me at any moment.
So, lesson learned...next time I'm ordering one of their specialty meatball sandwiches, waiting 10 minutes for the bawls to cool down, and sitting at a large counter-type table with a stool.  Overall, the meatballs are delish, but I'm in no rush to go back.I love meatballs, and this place met all of my expectations.
I went with my bf, and it was about $20 for our whole meal. 
The meatballs were so tasty, and the sauce was super yum. I loved how you could pick the meatball, sauce, and cheese type. I went for a traditional sub (large size has four meatballs).
You should definitely try this place.Yes I will be going there more.  I think I am the first one to get here. They have pasta, sandwiches and it seems to be meatball sandwiches they promote.  I had the regular no cheese with marinara.  It was pretty good and tasty.  They have tables and a nice decor for
fast take out.  Since they just open they probably could use more of a selection for items to drink.  It's alittle bit of a walk but I will go again.Ordered a Pork Italian - Beef, Pork, Veal meatballs, mozzarella, tomato sauce and was not impressed. Only thing that stood out to me here was the variety of combinations of balls, sauces, cheeses and toppings.
The sandwich was just ok nothing special as far as taste, quality of ingredients or portion size. I had much higher expectations for a $10 meatball sandwich and the best part of the sandwich by far was the Liscio's bakery rolls they used. As far as taste of the meatballs I'd honestly say you're better off ordering a meatball sandwich at Subway or Wawa...The meatballs and spaghetti dish were quite tasty.My only complaint is that the amount of pasta they give amounts to a side dish.For the price they should give a bigger portion.I left the place starving.Perhaps they could add a whole wheat option?Holy meatballs!
I love a place that knows what they're good at and sticks to it. 
Their pork meatballs made me think Nonna had come down from heaven and rolled out a batch. And even though the mere concept of a vegetarian meatball is blasphemous, 13 years of Catholic school taught me that sometimes it's good to be bad. They were definitely worth a  couple extra Hail Marys next time in the penalty box. Sitting at the counter even makes you feel like you're in the family kitchen ready to get smacked with a wooden spoon for dipping bread in the sauce. Love it!
Try the meatball sampler. Excellent. The only reason it's not a 5 star review is that $9.50 for 4 meatballs and crostini is just a tad on the high side.Honestly, the meatballs aren't bad at all. The problem is the bread. The key to a great sandwich is the bread and MMC falls very short. The rolls are bland, chewy and comparable to what you might find at WaWa. If that is your thing then you'll love this place. Personally, if they had seeded Italian rolls, they would have got a higher rating from mehttp://musingsofafoodaholic.wordpress.com/2011/11/28/meatball-madness-at-marabellas-meatballs/
$7 for three meatballs?! What are you smoking Marabella?! Puff, puff, and pass please! I thought that maybe it was a joke but sure enough the guy in front of me was handed a sad looking little white plastic bowl with sure enough three meatballs and some sauce. This was going to be challenging. I had wandered into the new addition to Walnut Street because it was not too far away from Café Twelve where I do most of my work and wanted something quick, there was barely anyone there at 1pm, and filling which was the challenge because it looked like it was going to be expensive. (read: broke college student) The standard bowl was three meatballs for $7 and it you wanted pasta or a side it was going to cost you an extra $4, each. Hell, no.
So in the end, I opted for the compromise which was the pasta dinner for $9 which came with 2 meatballs and a choice of sauce and pasta. The lady behind the counter listed what I thought would be my choice of meatballs, chicken, beef, pork and veal but instead told me the meal came with a blend of all four meats. Interesting.
My bowl came flanked by two pieces of what I assumed to be garlic toast but really was toast, dry and brittle, with the thought of garlic. The generous serving of sauce on the other hand/spoon was fantastic, rich and savory; the deep red color stood out against the brown whole wheat penne and left a definite garlic tomato taste in my mouth that was accented by the sharp taste of locatelli cheese, a hard salty Italian cheese.
The meatballs on the other hand were rather confusing and the blend of the meats did not sit well with me as they left me guessing as to what they should taste like. As they say too many chefs spoil the broth and it was unfortunate that the highlight of Marabella's Meatballs were not her meatballs.
Dear Marabella,
I'll get my people to call your people?
Xoxo
MOAFNo!  No no no!  You do not claim to have vegetarian "meatballs" but then serve a ball of chopped broccoli.  That is NOT a vegetarian meatball.  That is a broccoli ball.
I got super excited when I heard this place was opening.  As a huge fan of vegetarian dishes (especially Govinda's kofta balls, which are like veggie meatballs...) I was pumped a restauarant closer to my work would be opening to serve veggie option meatballs.  But alas.  I ordered these puppies on Marabella's opening day and was horrified by what they claimed to be a veggie meatball.  It was chopped broccoli and seemingly nothing else.  Texturally disastrous, and not the taste I was remotely seeking..
Next time you want veggie meatballs, do not come here.  Also, the menu itself is pricey (your meal will run you about ten dollars) and confusing (what the heck is traditional versus nonni versus morso and why don't they all come with sauce????).I love this place! Cute little shop with more options than you ever imagined possible for meatballs.  My personal favorite are the chicken meatballs with mushroom marinara.  Everything is fresh and the bread is delicious!In long island we call them heroes, definitely not hoagies, but I'll compromise and call it a sub.  Meatball sub (traditional) is delicious.  As a very "meat and potatoes" type of person I truly appreciate a place with a simple menu (esp one focused on meatballs) that can really deliver on taste and quality.Got the veggie rabe, so fantastic. The veggie meatballs are very flavorful. The broccoli rabe tasted as if it were made by my mom. Can't wait to go back!Solid place.  I'm pretty sure I tried them over the summer at Taste of Philadelphia at Penn's Landing.  I got the spaghetti with meatballs and they will switch out beef for whatever you'd like (I got chicken instead).  For 6 ish on a Tuesday, the place was dead, but a few other people came in while I was there.  Workers were friendly and my order was out pretty quickly.
One thing I noticed is that they have a lot of choices.  For meatballs, I didn't think there would be so many choices.  It can be overwhelming in a sense and something they might want to take down a notch.  Also, the garlic bread was solid.  When I think bread, it's usually something soft, but my piece was warm and hard.  Bread, not crouton people!  
Good place to come though if you're looking for a change in paceAll I can say is YUM! I make meatballs quite frequently and a friend of mine said I should try Marabella... I honestly think I will be using their meatballs for sunday dinner from now on! 
Great sandwiches and super sweet cashier.If you're not looking to eat meat, you should probably avoid places with "meat" in their name.
WRONG!
I was totally prepared to get the BPV meatball, but then I asked about the Veggie Balls assuming they were made of some gross processed soy product and cheap filler and that I would scoff at them.  The extremely knowledgeable gal at the counter listed something like 15 different delicious sounding, not gross ingredients from cauliflower to pine nuts and I was sold.  Veggie Rabe FTW!
It was just as tasty as it sounded.  Sure it didn't hold together like I assume some of the other balls did, but the yum factor made up for the mushiness tenfold.
Also, RE: size... don't bother with the Nonni (two meatballs), when you can get the Traditional (four meatballs) for $2 more.  They'll wrap the second half to go for you if you think you'll be tempted to scarf down the whole thing (which you will).Found Marabella's by accident- just happened to walk by- and so glad that I did!  The staff was very friendly and the place was clean.  I ordered the veggie-balls traditional style.  The balls had a nice sweet flavor and the broccoli rabe was a delicious compliment.  The bread was perfectly toasted.   And the food came out in lightening speed.  Will definitely be going back.If you're going to start a restaurant that does only one thing, you'd better do that one thing to perfection. Marabella doesn't really stand out to me. To top it off, my meatballs were pink in the middle. Now, I like burgers and steaks to be a little pink in the middle. But meatballs? Not so much.I hadn't been in awhile.  The meatballs and pasta are still excellent!!  Best in the city and reasonably priced for the quality and size!!!The chicken meatballs are fantastic.  This place is just...one of my favorites.  I enjoy a small chicken meatball sub and also the chicken meatballs with marinara on a bed of noodles.  This place is reasonable, fast with service, and consistent.  I love swinging by to grab a quick bite, especially if I'm in Center City and I am heading to a show or to teach a lesson.  They have tons of options, even for vegetarians.  The workers are friendly and tap water is free.  I mean, seriously, what more could you ask for?  Sue me if I still eat like a college student at my age.  This place is fancier than where I ate in college...sometimes :)Waited 2 hours for 2 sandwiches and a salad delivery. When it got here, they messed up the order as well.  Driver also lied and said he was 5 min away when he was actually 25.  The food wasn't half bad but I would never order delivery from these jokers again.Awesome place!  Friendly staff and great sandwiches. I tried to the veggie meatballs because I wasn't in the mood for the regular ones and they were absolutely amazing!  I got it with the mushroom sauce and fontina and it was perfect.  I got the nonni size and I thought it was a great value.  My two friends got the classics and loved them.  I can't wait to bring more friends there!! I think I will get some sauce on the side next time, it was so delicious!
The place is also very clean inside and I love the decor and wooden tables.  I can't wait to go back with some beer after work for a cheap and fun happy hour!It is my favorite restaurant! The garlic bread is crunchy and the spaghetti & meatballs with marinara sauce is my favorite.  I get it every time I go.  The people are really nice.  They let me help them wrap my garlic bread.  I think they should franchise, and move more towards my house!Before a dermatology appointment, I thought it essential to eat some greasy food.
I love meatball hoagies, saw the sign, shimmied in, and was really delighted. The place is clean. The food is fresh. The staff is friendly.  The meatballs are awesome!
I got a chicken meatball hoagie with spinach and ricotta. You must get ricotta on your hoagie. Best decision ever. So good. 
The price is a little higher than I would like compared to, say, Subway, but absolutely delicious!
If closer, I would go here at least once a week.The best homemade commercialized meatball sandwich around. The traditional pork, veal, beef, meatball is outstanding. These people know what they're doing!! And for the gravy.... Impressive!!!! The mozz is fresh and if that wasn't enough it's served on a fresh toasted roll . My family will be back!!!Short and simple, not very sweet!!!  Average meatball, very expensive, and I would never call the staff friendly!!The chicken parm sandwich is fantastic.  It is consistently well done.  The service is fast, the tables turn over fast.  It's a neighborhood gem.Will be back. Not a meatball lovee but could learn to enjoy with their variety of choices. Went for lunch during work and can say i only ate half and will enjoy the rest this evening.The food at MMCo was delicious! Talk about having it down, even though they've only been open a few days.  The Pork Mushroom was so flavorful and their tomato sauce is what I'd expect an Italian Grandmother's sauce to taste like, probably because they are the owner's mom's recipes. A great place for a quick meal or to take out.I was excited to hear that Marabella Meatball Co opened, especially because I have been dying to try the similarly-conceived "Meatball Shop" in NYC. Marabella's "Traditional" meatball hoagie, with veggie meatballs, marinara and aged provolone didn't disappoint. I expected the typical fake-meat style veggie meatballs, but they're actually delicious morsels of broccoli, pine nuts, roasted garlic and beans(?). Very good consistency and flavor, same too with the marinara sauce. The only problem was that a hoagie (4 medium-sized balls & a conservative helping of sauce & cheese) and a drink ran me more than $11! Overall though, it was a good lunch.I seen Marabella on the Cooking Channel with Chuck doing the taste of Philly...and i had to come and try the veggie meatballs out...They were very tasty, the place was nice and clean and the guy who took my order was very friendly and full of information. I told him i saw the spot featured on TV, he let me know they would be featured on the Travel channel also. The veggie meatball was very good and filling. I got the bowl of 3 veggie meatballs and the mushroom sause...Yummy! Only problem was when i put my fork into the Meatball it fell apart instantly...i guess because it wasn't meat it really didn't have anything to bind it together. I will visit again and have them on a bun next time.I ventured in here after watching a Marabella's appear on a program in the food network. The show featured the best meatball sandwiches in the US and this small little shop in Philly made it on. They have 3 types of meatballs -  beef, pork, and chicken. I went with the Beef mozzarella with mushroom sauce and it was really good. The clerk told me that the best sauce was the mushroom sauce and had changed his favorite type of meatball multiple times. With all the different types of meatballs, cheeses and sauce you can have a different combination every day of the month. The bread was also very good for a meatball sandwich and the staff was very open and honest to giving me their opinion on what they liked the best.I get the spaghetti and meatballs or meatball sandwiches to bring home sometimes when I know I won't be having time to cook that night.  I haven't tried them, but my family has been happy with them.  I think the portion sizes of the pasta are kind of small for the price though, and no one likes their crouton like garlic bread, but other than that, it's a great quick dinner for me.A cute  family establishment that modernizes meatballs (and meatless balls). The people behind the counter are super friendly and helpful about walking us through the menu and making recommendations. It was a relatively short wait when we went for lunch as a group, and everyone was very satisfied with his/her order.  
It's nice that MMCo. offer alternatives to the traditional beef meatballs, including a veggie ball that consists of potatoes, broccoli, raisins, chickpeas (I think) and other such deliciousness. Also some really tasty sides and toppings that you don't see in every sandwich shop.  
There's quite a selection of sandwiches to choose from. In addition to the MMCo. favorites of pre-selected suggestions, there are the DIY options where you can assemble your own combination of ingredients in various sizes/styles; in descending order of size they are the Traditional, the Nonni, and the Morso. Between our group, we tried all these sizes, and everyone was very pleased. 
I got the Nonni with chicken meatballs, fontina cheese, and broccoli rabe as a topping (sauce not included, but can be added for a small charge)-- a little bit from every food group. So tasty, and just the right portion size I was looking for, for a regular lunch.  
The Traditional is larger, with more meatballs on a longer hoagie roll. Unlike the Nonni, it does come with sauce but there's an extra charge for toppings. 
Morsos are sliders with one meatball with sauce in each of them... great if you want to try out different meatballs in one visit. 
A nice lunch spot - I've recommended it to others, and it gets all-around positive reviewsGroupon guided me here for dinner one night. 
Ordered the chicken ricotta meatball sandwich. The wife got the chicken parm. The spinach was fresh sauteed. Nice little touch. We could see them making the meatballs and the sauce, which was refreshing.
However, the meatballs were bland. Not much flavor. The spinach could have used some garlic. The ricotta was good. Same deal with my wife's meatballs. Not much flavor. The sauce was good, as she told me.
These sandwiches did not come with sides. 
I hope they can spice up the meatballs. Then I'll be back.I agree with the reviewer that called these meatballs below mediocre.  I ordered the traditional beef/veal/pork mix, which should result in a very savory outcome.  Sadly, mind was dry and bland.  The garlic crust that comes with it was just as dry, and hard enough to crack a tooth on.  There is nothing particularly special about eating here, and it's not particularly cheap, either, all things considered.I noticed this place across the street from Cosmos where I was getting my nails done. A couple of co-workers had mentioned it before so I decided to geive it a try. This place is ok. I read through some reviews and had a bit of a different experience. Instead of having too hard of a roll it's too soft and falling apart. I gave up and just used a fork and knife. I got the traditional meatball sandwich, figuring I would see how that went before trying something else. It's ok, it's not amazing, does taste a bit fresher than some meatballs I have had. The meatball is not dry it's moist and well falling apart like the roll. The temperature of the sandwich was fine. Staff was nice, prices eh on par with center city which is slightly higher because it's in the city. They have some gourmet root beer options which looked interesting, place looked clean, like a pizza shop on the inside. Maybe I would try something else but i'm not in a rush to go back.Some may say that the sandwiches here are expensive, and I agree that $8.75 may be a little high, but when you taste one and realize the quality of what is inside, excellent meat ,cheese, roll etc., you will leave feeling that it was worth every cent. I love the tomato sauce very plain nothing fancy but very good.Finally tried this place after considering it a dinner option a few times. Ordered the Spaghetti and Meatball special which this evening included a taster cup side of warm bread pudding for desert added for the regular price of $9.00. Chose to try the special meatball combo of beef, pork and veal and went with a traditional tomato sauce. 
The overall presentation of my dish was rather nice as it included two slices of garlic toast that were quite tasty and possibly the best part of the dish. The sauce was nothing exceptional, but more than adequate. The meatballs (2) were tightly packed and hard which was a big disappointment as was their flavor. The spaghetti was actually good which helped save the meal. The bread pudding desert was actually pretty good and helped me give this place an overall average rating.
For a cheap meal, under $10 it's not great, but it's not too bad either.I'm not a huge fan of meatballs, but I am a huge fan of trying out all of the wonderful restaurants our city is blessed to have so meatball lover or not, I was trying out Marabella.
Wasn't too hard a decision after seeing pics of the food also.
Anywhoo onto my review, I had the classic smashed which came with beef meatballs, aged provolone, tomato sauce. Oooo they have made a meatball lover out of me! So very good, there is like a tender, melt in your mouth quality to their meatballs that I really enjoy. The cheese is top notch quality packs a lot of flavor and the sauce I can't recall anything particularly special but it was good also. 
I'd later return and get the same sandwich in the traditional version. I want to branch out and try more, specifically I'd like to try the morse of three for 9 but that only includes ball and sauce, so I see that getting pricey.
And speaking of pricey, that they are, I agree with those that said it's worth it, but also feel they'll do great business if they throw some specials in the mix, and make the prices a flat rate rather you choose a sauce or a topping. 
I think there was a bit of confusion the day I went also,I was charged an extra 50 cents because under the ala carte menu, you'd get what I got with a topping, not a sauce so they charged me for a sauce. When I caught it I told them it looks like, from reading the menu there are Ala carte choices and under Nonni's sandwiches, a get what is listed here for the price listed here option. They told me there were some corrections that need to be made to the menu so for the classic that was correct because I got a sauce not a topping (you'd have to see the menu for this to  make more sense) Two things should have happened, they should have just honored the price on the menu, and should have told me of the extra charge being there was nothing in reading the menu that would have me to think I should have been charged extra....or a third thing could have happened, telling me in advance there was an issue with pricing on the menu.
Not holding that against them in this review however and believe it may have been a we just opened so we don't know what we're doing error, because the menu hasn't changed and it's now available online with the exact same info, so perhaps the women on the register that day just got it wrong.
In short (after a long review hee hee) I'd go again but they'll need to get some lower cost options going for me to be a regular and oh the smashed idea isn't working too well IMO, you get two balls one on each half basically and the idea is to smash it and it'll spread across the bread....yeah not so much......still very yummy however but for the price that needs to be worked out a little better.OK Meatball sandwiches.
Tried this place for lunch with coworkers for takeout.  The size for the sandwiches were decent for $8 for 3 meatballs is a ripoff.  The sandwich was too salty and too dry.  They were very stingy with the marinari sauce.
If you are craving meatballs for lunch then come here.  If you're craving just good food around the area, goto Jake's Sandwiches or Chiptole instead for lunch.I stopped in recently and left underwhelmed. My visit was prompted by a Food Network special. I sampled all the meatballs and was very disappointed as none really knocked my socks off. Maybe I visited on an off day so I will try again and see it the the experience changes.Recently opened and I have stopped by twice for lunch.  Nothing fancy, just a great place to have some of the BEST meatballs, (I had the chicken meatballs), in the city.  Sometimes keeping it simple is the key to success and Marabella has dialed it in perfectly.  They also have some great dinner options that I plan to try next.  I look forward to coming back and seeing the mom, dad and son team that run/own the operation.  It's nice to see a good family running things together and doing it right!I was anxious to try MMBC, but maybe I should not have went the day after having the amazing meatballs at Barbuzzo.  MMBC's were tasty enough, and the sauce was good, but they were way too firm.  My Italian dad once said, "If you throw a meatball against the wall, it's not supposed to bounce back at you!"  Seemed a little pricey for smallish portions.  I mean really, is it too much to ask to throw a handful of angel hair in the bowl?  How about at least a proper piece of garlic bread, rather than a crouton?My friend and I are vegetarian and were happy to see an option on the menu.  However, the end product is much less than expected for the price. For four veggie balls each and 2 drinks, we were over $20.  The veggie balls were just a mush of ...well, veggies.  Usually veggie meatballs have some sort of soy protein in there.  Bottom line: totallllly overpriced for what you are getting (esp if it's $20 for a tiny meal in a plastic bowl)I love meatballs and Marabella satisfies my cravings when I want a meatball hoagie.I give them 5 stars because I am NOT a fan of meatball sandwiches, however I stopped here to get my husband a traditional Beef Mozzarella and what I tried of his was really good. So if I WERE to get a meatball sandwich for myself at any point, it would be from here.I can recall going to Marabella's restaurant in the Academy House many years ago, I enjoyed the food tremendously and was deeply saddened when it passed. When the buzz started about this place and that it was being opened by those very same Marabellas I could not contain my excitement. I had been nagging my coworkers about going to this place for the past several weeks prior to it even being open.  When opening day finally came (a week late-no biggie), I was on vacation so I had to wait until this week to get my first taste and it did not dissapoint. When you walk in, it smells like cooking meatballs, like my kitchen on Sunday, if I could make and market a meatball scented candle I would. They have several nice sandwich creations and options for going ala carte.  You can get beef, pork, chicken, or veggie balls, a nice selection of sauces, cheeses, and toppings.  I ordered a smashed (2 balls, smashed on medium sized Liscio round roll with topping and cheese, no sauce).  Mine were beef balls topped with prosciutto and aged provolone and it was quite delicious. Because it was only 2 balls, I also ordered a single morso (slider-1 ball and 1 sauce). I went off menu here and got my morso made with a chicken ball, no sauce, topped with brocolli rabe and provolone, also delicious.  In fact both sammies blew me away. You can also get a traditional sanwich (4 balls, sauce and cheese) There are so many possible combinations that I could go every day for a month and get a different combo every day.  a tad expensive, but you are getting very high quality.  Can't wait to go back, you also should go to. They have a website, check out the menu and some of the pictures posted, if that does not channel your inner meatball then go back to the always delicious but getting boring hamburger, available at several nearby places.This rating is based solely on my experience at lunch, where I ordered the Pork Olive sandwich. The service was awesome - very "mom 'n pop" - and was also quite fast. The meatballs in this one were a beef/veal/pork combo, which lent a very tender and moist quality, while still having a great firmness. (The fact that I'm talking about meatballs like this is disturbing, but it's also unavoidable.) 
From its menu description, I thought it was going to be a bit dry, so I asked for a side of marinara, just in case. Served on a soft, chewy roll with heaping mounds of kalamata olive tapenade and generous slices of piave vecchio cheese, there was no need for the additional sauce. The sandwich was nicely balanced and quite flavorful. With 4 meatballs, I was able to make 2 meals out of it for just under $9.
My lunch mate had the "classic" beef meatballs with marinara and aged provolone. He said it was rather ordinary, so I don't think I'd recommend it.Don't get fooled by the look of this place. I was expecting something with a little more character. The food was excellent. Probably the best meatball sandwich I have ever had. I had the one with prosciutto and provolone and loved every bit of it. As I said before, I wish it was a little more cozy or warm but the food really satisfied me.Hand's down best meatball hero i've ever had. I knocked down a pork philly with beef/pork/veal meatballs, aged provolone, and broccoli rage. I will definitely be back!What a happy little place for this happy little Italian girl! A warm and friendly meatball shop of weathered wood tables makes even downtown Philadelphia feel somewhat like being back home in Grandma's kitchen. 
Order pasta, order a plain bowl, or order sandwiches...everything comes in varying portions with the choice of pork, beef, veggie, or chicken meatballs, topped with piave vecchio, gorgonzola, provolone, or fontina, and finished off with sundried tomatoes, spinach, maybe some olive tapenade if you will and you're set to feast on a little piece of Italian love.
As Grandma would say, "Mangia bene, vivi felice!"The meatballs here are delicious.  I tried the pork meatballs with the mushroom sauce as well as the chicken meatballs with the marinara sauce (both with the aged prov) and they were delicious.  Go for the chicken meatballs with the mushroom sauce.  They're moist and the perfect density.  A little expensive for a meatball sandwich ($9) but well worth it.