Mariposa is awesome. They put more thought into what they sell in their store than any other place in Philly (with the possible exception of Green Aisle). Lots of organic options, great bulk section, local produce, dairy and meat when possible, plus 4 Worlds and Metropolitan Bakery breads. A little pricier than a typical grocery store, but comparable to the farmer's market. I only wish I lived closer, but I can't blame them for that.When it comes to quality, Mariposa does it right. But you pay a steep price for the quality at Mariposa.
It's a smallish market with lots of organic and locally grown goods. But unless you're in a pinch, I don't think it's worth what you pay.
Personally, I'd rather spend a third of the money and get my produce from the neighborhood truck. The quality is not as good, but for the not so rich that is quite all right with me.I attended a raw food workshop that was taught by Atilya Ola and it was fantastic!  They (the store) carry an excellent selection of ingredients that are not always easy to find. The store is well-lit and organized. I wish they would open one up in Fishtown or one of the other adjacent neighborhoods near me.while i'm really happy that this place exists (thus the stars) for quick neighborhood trips, it really bothers me how the cashiers are unbelievably rude. i wouldn't even say they're mean. they're just profoundly indifferent to the point where it makes me mad. for awhile the bags they had were weirdly glued closed and instead of helping you unfold one they would just stand there staring at you while you struggled to bag your stuff up. and it's like.. hey, i just spent $50 on yogurt and peanut butter crackers and this $7 box of strawberries (no exaggeration), you couldn't be bothered to help me for five seconds?I love getting organic fruits and vegetables here, since they're harder (or impossible) to find at Shop n' Bag or Fresh Grocer. Meat, dairy, and packaged food, while probably better quality at Mariposa, is significantly more expensive than other grocery stores. So I usually stick to buying just fruits and vegetables. I like that you don't have to be a co-op member to shop here! 
If you want rice, lentils, or containers of yogurt, the Indian/Pakistani grocery store on 42nd and Walnut is much cheaper and just as good.Someone needs to tell the folks who run Mariposa that "wholesome" does not mean "holier-than-thou."   Nice to have volunteers run the place, sure, but some of them could use some customer service training.   Bottom line - it's a business, not a mission, and shoppers have lots of alternatives to unsmiling faces and brusque treatment.I love that Kristin H moved out to West Philly, because it gives me a reason to get out of my 10-block radius comfort zone, use public transportation more, & check out an area I haven't experienced yet since I moved to Philly a little over a year ago. I'm super proud of myself for expanding my Philly explorations, and I'm so glad I finally made it to Mariposa!
I love this little co-op, I didn't find it ridiculously expensive like so many other reviewers, everyone was super friendly to me, & they don't seem to have that war on vegans that the WF on South St does. Case in point: they carry Go Max Go bars (I may or may not have bought & eaten 3 that afternoon), & they carry Sophie's Kitchen vegan LOX! 
So much win, I'm definitely a fan! I'll probably be back every time I visit Kristin H, because I'd obvs rather support a local co-op than the corporate meanies that WF actually is.It's too expensive for a lot of things (I still make the trek to Trader Joe's once a week) but it's really convenient to have across the street.  Perfect for things like local tofu and rice and rolled oats and spices in bulk, and last minute things you remember when you're in the middle of cooking.  My work shift isn't hard at all; I do three hours every 6 weeks and it's pretty fun - I like getting to talk with so many people.  And if you have two people on an account only one of them has to do the work shifts and pay the dues which is awesome.  It can feel a little intimidating in there, but as soon as you ask anyone a question they are nice.  The staff is all really helpful.  We had to wait 2 months before we could join, but they have affirmative action so if you're any kind of minority or on food stamps you can join right away.  
If you're shopping for the first time you can do so without being a member but be warned they don't take cash!Here's what I wonder: Is the problem with this place that it has too many employees? 
I ask because it's rare to go in there when the folks working don't outnumber the folks shopping. And I wonder if that explains (a) why it seems to be so poorly run: so consistently out of basic things; and (b) why it has to be so damn expensive (definitely and consistently more so than Whole Paycheck).
For a time, I was a worker member, but the staff there were never organized enough to put my labor to any good use. 
So wouldn't one or two highly effective managers and a slimmed down staff make this a better place to shop?
A couple other small notes:
* Many commenters point to the local produce, but if you actually look at what they have in stock, it's surprising how frequently in-season produce won't be local. I imagine this again points back to the inefficient nature of the staff. Why isn't someone working with farmers directly to match supply and demand the way other food coops do?
* Other commenters are right when they say that the folks who do work there too frequently seem to hate their jobs and hate the customers whose shopping means more work. It's just weird. Totally unlike any other food coop I've joined.
* Finally, a tip: ALWAYS GET YOUR RECEIPT AND DOUBLE CHECK IT! I was once charged almost $20 for a pack of chips that had been priced wrong.I LOVE MARIPOSA. 
i love the quality, the politics, the selection, the produce, and the the BYO container refills. 
yeah cheapos complaining about the price- you get what you pay for - and everything here is high quality and politically aligned.  you can feel good with the nutrient dense options here, while supporting our community. if the price is that much of a deal breaker become a working member and get a discount!  
just one thing mariposa workers - please please please pay better attention. there have been a few times when going over my bill that i have seen things rung up wrong.  i hate that i always have to double check.Mariposa: has a lot of organic fruits and vegetables that have clearly marked whether or not they are organic, chemical-free, local or conventional. A good selection of local heirloom tomatoes, some organic pluots, etc. I probably would buy more at a farmer's market, to be honest, but it's a good selection to keep you from having to go all over creation.
Very good choices of organic local meats and meat substitutes. I asked the stocking guy last time if they had chicken italian sausage and he said no, but three weeks later when I went, they had exactly the brand of feta and broccoli rabe chicken sausage that I used to use for a recipe back in Margate, NJ with "new items!" on a sign right there in that particular freezer. So I got to make my recipe exactly as I used to. Wow. 
Bulk foods are a good selection and good prices. There are some very fancy yoghurts and some pet supplies too. I had a fun time bagging up rolled oats which were $1.29 a pound.
No one ever harrassed me about being a member or not the two times I went. I have shopped at three different food co-ops in three states I've lived in and no one has ever harrassed me at any of them for not being a member. That would be bad business, right?
I love that it is in what used to be a bank, complete with marble floors and high ceilings. Maybe someday lots of old banks will be food co-ops, daycares, missions, churches, libraries, etc.I live down the street from here and it's basically become my go to place in a pinch. Everyone else has written extensively about how expensive this place is, how much the folks working here seem to dread their jobs, etc. I can't really add any new insights to that. I think this place could probably be run a little better and a little cheaper but there are few alternatives in the area. For what this provides, it's pretty good.I buy almost all of my groceries from Mariposa.  It's my favorite part of the neighborhood.  I can't wait until we expand to a larger store!Mariposa is one of the many reasons I love my neighborhood. We shop everywhere: Trader Joe's, Fresh Grocer, Fu Wah, even Acme on occasion (which invariably results in one of us saying, "What do you mean they don't have tempeh?").
What makes Mariposa great is that they carry locally-grown, organic fruits and vegetables, plenty of tofu and tempeh, bulk dry goods, and an extensive selection of quality bittersweet and bitter chocolate. The prices are reasonable, and the best part is that it's ridiculously close to our apartment. It's like a convenience store that's almost as good as Fu Wah (come on, Tofu Hoagies beat out pretty much everything) with the convenience of a cashless system. Put on a credit and come back next week without a wallet.
What you won't find at Mariposa is meat and fish, so if you're an omnivore like us, it won't ever be your one-stop shop for the week. However, you can suggest things to be added to their stock, and if they get enough suggestions, they WILL add it.The most annoying part about living on West Philly/University City border is, in my opinion, grocery shopping.  Fresh Grocer is too far to be an easy walk (especially when returning with a few bags), Trader Joe's is in the city, the other place smells funny and Mariposa is SO expensive. 
Seriously.  It's a complete ripoff.  And the membership fee is pretty high.  "But it's organic and locally sourced and doesn't have GMOs!"  Right -- it's expensive even when you compare it to the same product at other stores.  Example: their Gerolsteiner water is like 15% more than it is elsewhere.  Plus, the people that work here range from unfriendly to miserable.  
On the plus side, they usually have pretty good products.  Just be careful you're not getting a vegetarian/vegan substitute when you're buying an animal product.  (I once wound up with "vegan cheese" because I didn't pay attention to the label.)  
If you're new to the neighborhood, definitely pop in and check it out.  Personally, if there was a Whole Foods or Trader Joe's closer to West Philly, I'd never go here.  But there isn't, so I just suck it up and go.Even if I didn't have dreamy idealistic attachment to the coop as a concept, a place where neighbors get together and organize a business to get good, fresh, local/organic/fair trade food, save money, and contribute work, I would shop here because it's the best place to get food in this particular corner of West Philly, and that is where I live.
Some things are a real savings (tea, spices, bulk nuts/grains), some are just a little cheaper than the grocery store.  It's a little bit of a bummer that it is so small and so there are some things-- cheese, pasta-- that just don't have a very broad selection (though if you are really after something you can bulk-order it through the suppliers).  But it's more than balanced by the special items that you wouldn't be able to find elsewhere (beautiful plump raisins that will turn you off sun-maid forever, teas you can't get anywhere else, local in-season produce). Two hours of work a MONTH?  anyone can do that.Friendly employees, very West Philly and great vibes. The selection is pretty limited though, and it takes awhile for the produce selection to change and bring in more variety - although everything seems pretty local.A good place to buy bulk food items (beans, legumes, spices, tea). The bulk items seem reasonably priced and sometimes cheaper than whole foods prices. The other items are pricier; however, I never paid member prices. When I lived in the area, it was really nice to have this within walking distance.I feel the need to share this story with as many people as possible. They sell a brand of coconut chip here called "Dang." Thinking this was amusing, I of course had to hold up a bag and loudly say "Daaaaannnnnng!" in a very high pitched voice. My fiancé, who I was shopping with, did not find this very funny. But the man behind him did, and then we preceeded to laugh together for the next 30 seconds. 
That being said, Mariposa has a great selection of healthy foods. Organic veggies, raw milk, dry goods, even some frozen foods and household products. As with most co-ops, it is on the pricier side if you're not a member. But don't let that stop you from stopping in a seeing what they have to offer!I remember when this place was in that itty bitty space up the street, and you could only shop there 1 time as a guest. and NOW it's in this huge space looking like a real grocery store! I  LOVE It! I love that I can grab some of my favorite vegg foods and things without having to go all the way to trader joes. I'm so glad I made my way here again! the quality of the items is also excellent, combine that will stellar customer service and I'm a total fan!Like others have said, unless you are willing to schlepp a greater distance, Mariposa is sort of the only option for fresh groceries around these parts. That said, I've had a pretty decent experience since I started shopping here about a month ago.
Service: I've only had experiences with friendly or at least not rude cashiers. On a good day, a cashier will say nice comments about the produce ("These smell good!") and on a bad day, a cashier will just as efficiently ring me up with no small talk. I'm fine either way. They're no worse than the Shop N Bag and way better than Fresh Grocer cashiers.
Selection: I only come here for fresh produce, dairy products, and dry foodstuffs, not household supplies or anything like that. That said, I think they have a pretty good selection given the size of the place and compared to the other options around. 
Produce: The fruit department selection is pretty disappointing - usually a variety of organic or locally grown apples, bananas [organic and/or fair trade and reasonably priced], some sad citrus, and avocados. You have to rummage around for the less bruised up fruit and the organic apples will cost a pretty penny. Their vegetable selection is also pretty limited, but it's got your basics and I'm not a good cook so that's all I need anyway. Some of the organic options are pretty affordable (e.g., carrots and sometimes kale).
Dairy: Pretty good selection of products from milk and milk alternatives. I think the yogurt is pretty pricey here but they have some varieties I haven't seen elsewhere. They have cage-free (but not pastured) eggs that are pretty affordable too.
Dry foodstuffs: Nice but pricey selection of bulk granola. Usually some variety of snack is on sale and they have some interesting varieties. They carry Annie's mac'n'cheese and other pastas and sauces. The sauces are a little disappointing though.
Price: It's going to be more expensive to shop here but this is the closest place by far to me and I pay for the convenience, to be honest. I probably spend about $40 every 1.5 weeks for myself and I'm frugal and cook at home a lot. If you stick to stuff on sale and the basics for produce, you can probably manage to not break the bank. That said, I think a better option - which I am trying soon - is to join a CSA and then use Mariposa to supplement that.Mariposa is a great place to purchase all kinds of wonderful, fresh, and local produce. I enjoy the selection they offer for produce and all other products. The bulk section is diverse and reasonably priced.We've shopped here lots since my last review so it's time for an update.
Mariposa has a very nice bulk section with a variety of grains, spices, tea, etc.
Mariposa still makes mistakes with pricing (though perhaps not as much as before) & staff are still not always eager to correct the errors. One time in particular, the employee said he wouldn't be able to give us the correct price because of limitations with the pricing technology, but he wasn't even apologetic about it. I gave up on buying the item & asked for a refund instead.
Most of the staff are helpful and friendly. At other times, staff is unhelpful and brusque.So great to have an independent food co-op right in my new neighborhood akin to Weavers Way in Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill! Just like stepping into Whole Foods but far more down to earth and more reasonably priced goods.  Picked up some chicken, tofu, frozen dinners (Tofurky pepperoni pizza pockets and Amy's mac n cheese), and some fresh cremini mushrooms for the dinner I ended up cooking that night--panko crusted chicken with mushrooms sautéed in garlic and olive oil.  Friendly staff and atmosphere; not to mention close enough to where I live! I will be back!Insanely overpriced. I only come here as a last resort if it's too late/last-minute to make the trip out of the neighborhood. Then I leave vowing never to come again because a few basic items have cost me over $60. And because the cashiers invariably sit there, stare into space, and don't bother to lift a finger to help pack your groceries, even when there's a line of people waiting stretching down an aisle. 
If there was another nearby option, I would use it in a heartbeat.Great store if you know what they have and what you're looking for. A majority of the store is organic and they have a nice selection that caters to dietary needs. Their produce section while small is very well stocked and clean. They have tons of loose nuts, candy, oils and Spices to choose from. They also have a great sweets section stocked from local vegan donut shop. Great place to shop for a nice selection of goods.I've recently become attracted to the idea of more sustainable living, eating locally, and supporting small farms that treat their food politely and don't spray things with pesticides or torture their cows. If I eat cow, I want it to be happy cow meat. That being said, Mariposa is a great stepping-stone to being a more conscious consumer.
Their selection of food includes many options that are invaluable for those with food allergies/sensitivities, like gluten-free flours, pastas, and snack bars, as well as a large variety of non-dairy milks like hazelnut, almond, rice, soy, coconut, and hemp. 
Although they don't stock meat (try the Clark Park farmer's market on Saturday for beef, pork, chicken, etc), they do have salmon burgers and many meat substitutes. If you crave vegan scrapple, the Vrapple will surely hit the spot.
Aside from the large selection of foods, both bulk and regular, drinks, and herbs and spices, they also stock things like vitamins, happy sun-emulating light bulbs, detergent, and their new section of discount books (mainly cookbooks and dietary books). If they don't have something in stock normally, you can put in a request or place a bulk order.
Payment options are credit cards, debit cards, EBT, and checks, and paying more in advance allows them to have more working capital and helps the co-op run more smoothly, though it is not required. As a member, you are allowed to carry up to a -$5 balance, and once you are a member in good standing for more than 6 months, you are allowed to carry a larger negative balance if necessary. They do not accept cash as a general rule to avoid theft. As of right now, they are working on raising the necessary funds to have a POS  system (point-of-sale system aka cash register).
Their prices all factor in taxes, as well as their necessary mark-up. All of this information is readily available to all members. I think their prices generally compare to Whole Foods, but it feels so much less evil and elitist. 
As a co-op member, you are required to put in 2-4 hours of work every 4 weeks, but since they're open 7 days a week, they're really flexible. Also, they offer exemptions to mothers of young children, those with health issues, and they will listen to you if you have other issues that may prevent you from being able to fulfill your work requirement. There are many options for getting hours in, from working on the farm, to cashiering, to set-up.
To summarize: good food, reasonable prices (not to mention cheaper than Fu Wah), and community involvement.I really appreciate having the co-op here.  Mariposa is well-organized, spacious, and stocks a lot of healthy products.  It's cool that they sell some items in bulk -- it's environmentally friendly & also makes it easier to try different products without committing to a whole package.
However, it's pretty pricey, compared to anywhere else you could get the same item.  Some of the produce is expensive even though it doesn't look especially good.I love Mariposa!!! As a newcomer to the neighborhood, my honest to goodness favorite aspect of my new hood is this little gem.
The place may look small at first glance, but they have literally everything I ever need... From produce to fresh bagels, to bulk items, pet supplies, COOKIE BUTTER, vegan goodies (get the big ass vegan choco chip cookie, please)... They have it all.  While some selections are a bit pricey (like the almond butter and maple syrup options), the produce is UNREAL and so cheap.  Almost everything is organic, but some conventional options allow shoppers to have an even cheaper alternative.
And how many places do you know that have price cuts instead of hikes??  The good people of Mariposa work to lower prices for products they already carry!
Anyway, I think I've gushed enough... This place is the bomb, but I should probably get back to work =PLove having the co-op in the neighborhood, beautiful building, good hours, and great staff. Though I am not a member, I shop here regularly (weekly, sometimes more than that). I can get some items cheaper elsewhere, but I like shopping locally and for the convenience. Here are the pluses of this store: bulk items, fresh baked breads, they carry Philly Muffins, seltzer goes on sale all the time!, Talenti gelato on sale a lot too!, and good quality produce and fruits. And they carry non-grocery items like greeting cards, candy, beauty products, candles, gifts, etc. Some of my favorite items that I exclusively get at Mariposa are: Raspberry Leaf Tea (loose leaf tea), green olives, granola mix, bulk olive oil, Fermented Foods sauerkraut, black sesame seed crackers, and the Guatemala coffee.I recently shopped there for the first time and I liked the atmosphere. My children have never been to a co-op grocery store. I'm trying to give them a chance to experience diversity when you go shopping. Yes, Papi store's are close and convenient, but sometimes you want something else. I've only purchased bread and some produce, but my next visit, I will try their meats. To me, it reminds me of a Whole Foods market but a little smaller. The prices are good as well. Every neighborhood should have a co-op grocery store.Update 5/2016
Some sensible improvements have prompted me to add one star. There are now more cash registers, they are better organized and much more effective. Staff seems to have the pulse on the customer flow, and they are much more attentive to keep the line short. I wish they could find a way to use the upper part of this great building for more shelves, like loft- mezzanine style because the variety of items is still limited. Prices appear to have slightly come down (or may be I just got used to !)
Coops are great community boosters and they promote responsible consumer practices. Mariposa is making an effort, quality is very good, but... it's not where I go shopping. Here is why:
1. Limited selection, lot of empty space, poor store design
2. Considerably more expensive than comparable stores
3. Slow, "take it easy, dude", customer service performance (may be give free coffee to cashiers?) 
4. Limited hours (though got better recently). wow, much better, it's open on Christmas day!
I want to like this place, and hope it's not turning into the elite place for the rich foodie or for the "vegan everything" type of hipster. It would be nice to see it becoming a convenient and sound grocery stop for the majority of us.After hearing about this grocery co-op for so long, I was actually pretty bummed out during the 15 minutes I spent browsing the maybe 10-12 aisles.
It's cool seeing things like loose bulk tea and lots of fresh baked goods, but I mean, they didn't have a super wide variety of low carb, or ketogenic diet, foods aside from a decent variety of fresh cheeses.
It's really great to that this co-op exists, but I can't see myself spending $200 to walk 10x the distance of my closest grocery store just for expensive items.After shopping at the other two grocery stores within walking distance of my apartment, Mariposa is a welcome alternative.  The place is really clean and it doesn't smell (an issue I have with Shop n Bag), and the people/members working there are friendly and know what they're doing (the term slack jawed idiot comes to mind whenever I try to interact with an employee at Fresh Grocer).
Mariposa has beautiful produce, vegetarian gummy bears, and a nice bulk food selection - including spices.  The real clincher for me though is their selection of peanut butter.  Neither of the other two walkable alternatives have peanut butter I like.  Mariposa has several acceptable brands.
I just signed up for a membership - the $200 membership deposit gives a 5% discount.  With interest rates what they are, even spending $100/year would beat what that money would do for me in a savings account.
One star docked for price - I'll probably still have to go to Shop n Bag or someplace once every few months for bulk purchases of cheap seltzer, but between the Clark Park Farmer's Market and Mariposa I can avoid the local grocery stores as much as possible.I've never shopped here but I think it's a place someone might like and I'm creating a list for her.Why are the cashiers so useless and unfriendly? They don't bag your groceries, and they often don't even know where items are even though the space is so small. They don't go out of their way in the slightest to help the customer out. The prices are also just as bad, if not worse than Whole Foods. I'll pass on this place, thanksI love getting groceries in a place that doesn't stress me out. Mariposa is an old-school, member-run food co-op that's managed to stick to its 1970s-era consensus driven core values. This is both an asset and a detriment, and the co-op's gotten better and not better in all the years I've shopped there. They now pack more stuff into the tiny storefront than ever before, but what they carry has skyrocketed vastly in price in the past few years and sadly I've had to shift a bunch of my shopping to bigger, more corporate grocers. Still, Mariposa's keep-it-real commitment to providing food by and for the people can be seen and tasted in the number of local DIY baked goods they carry as well as direct-from-the-farmer chemical-free produce (like figs picked from a tree in South Philly!) In 2011, Mariposa will move to bigger space. Let's hope that bigger will make things even better.This California girl's hippie place away from home. I love it here. Always a relaxing environment even when it's busy. The produce is always good and offers you both conventional and organic. They have great vegan options. They have a lot of natural products for toiletries and vitamins. They also have essential oils! The only negative I have is that it's not the best place to get avocados.OK
So Mariposa is basically a one-stop-shop for me.
I buy just about everything except cereal and candy from here. Locally grown yadda yadda and organic blah blah blah. It's sorta like if Whole Foods was run out of someone's kitchen but for reasonable prices.
It really is a wonderful place.
BUT
I guess I don't look like everyone else who shops there, so I was treated like a leper. I usually just one time shop but I recently wanted to set up an account. When I asked the guy for an application, he sorta just stared at me for a while. He then tried to explain that I couldn't become a member because of some sort of back up (he made no sense to me) and that they would contact me when I could join. He spoke with such arrogance that I felt like slapping him.
I really do like this place but the people who work there need to stop being so judgmental. I hate that shit. Aren't they all about peace and love?Great produce and products, great people, reasonably high prices.  I wouldn't use Mariposa as my grocery store for everyday stuff, but whenever I need something decent, it's my go-to spot in West Philly.  For a store its size, they really do have an amazing selection.  Can't go wrong.I've been a member for 7 years and have witnessed its evolution to serve more people in West Philly.  In reading all the negative reviews, I'm left with one piece if advice for anyone who has a complaint: show up!   If you don't like it, change it.  Join a committee, run for a board seat; it's a members owned business; so if you think the coop is better run with lower prices, I challenge you to find out how the coop sets prices and teach them the way it should be done.  
If you were informed you would learn that the expanded Mariposa is a raging success: both in terms of financial stability and serving formerly unserved members of the West philly community.  The ripple effects of the coop success is too much to report here.  Yes, there are ways the coop can improve and be more accessible, but the fact remains it's OUR store; policy is set with an elected board of delegates; and there always seems to be lots of opportunities for new leadership.   
And have you seen the amazing bread selections there.  Awesome.There are so many things to love about Mariposa!
You are sure to find high-quality, whole foods at Mariposa with a focus on locally grown and organic... 
A few of my favorite things are:
Fresh, organic produce
Broad selection of bulk herbs and spices
Great refrigerated and frozen sections
Full line of grocery and snack items
Vitamins and supplements
Health and beauty section
Gift items and moreI really don't like this place at all. The attitude of the people working there is totally obnoxious--it's like I'm in an episode of Portlandia when I go in. However, this isn't the thing that really bothers me. The thing that bothers me is that Mariposa is just another store catering to the bourgeoisie who now love their local organic food. 
Don't get me wrong, I'm all about eating local, organic, farm fresh, etc etc etc but I feel that truly progressive thinking also means doing so at reasonable, sustainable prices. This store has put absolutely no effort into making their prices reasonable at all, which totally bars most low-to middle class families from shopping there regularly. Don't be surprised if a week's worth of groceries for two here costs you at least $150. 
This seems totally contradictory to the ethos they want you to believe they have, which heavily underscores community. How is it good for a community when in reality most of the people who live around Mariposa could NEVER afford to actually use it as a grocery store, even if they got the member discount? Mariposa, even though it supposedly cares about the community is in no way contributing to the urban food desert situation--their prices are way, WAY too high for me to shop there on a regular basis. Also, I'd like to point out I'm in NO WAY saying the quality of stuff there is not good--it is good. But still is more than I'm willing to pay, and more than other comparable stores. Sigh.No longer am I driving to Whole Foods on South Street for my organic produce and grocery items. The new Co-Op is a great expansion to our neighborhood. However, just a few recommendations/comments for the Co-op: 1) please carry organic boneless skinless chicken thighs, 2) the carts are a tad bit too big (Those mini carts would be perfect), 3) even though its a co-op, I would appreciate the cashiers being more customer service-forward and eagerly assisting with bagging groceries, 4) is a delivery or online service coming soon?, and 5) thank you for having multi-lingual staff.  :). Nice to have you in the 'hood, neighbor.I have to admit, right off, that I'm not  member of Mariposa. They have a waiting list, and the only way I could haul my groceries from here to my house is on bike. I'd have to go often, with little loads. I used to be a member, though, when I was in a different household, and can appreciate a lot about this place. 
I love Co-Ops, and grew up doing most of my shopping (with my parents) in one. I like the products they supply, and I like the Co-Op philosophy. That said, Mariposa is way to small for the neighborhood, they've given up their old generous "key" policy (unless you've been around for awhile) and many a time I've found their produce to be old, moldering, and sup-par. More space, more aisles, more selection, could probably rally increase membership and volunteerism, the heart of any Co-Op.Charming neighborhood market with a focus on local, organic items. A bit pricey, but they occasionally have decent sales. Produce tends to be a bit funky too so be warned. On my last trip, they legit wanted three bucks for five sad wilted kale leaves. However, they carry metropolitan bakery's breads which is a huge plus.Plump and juicy melons. Large and firm bananas. Thick and engorged meats. The selection and quality is evident, and you'll detect the Earthy aromas as soon as you walk in. What the staff lacks in hygiene, they make up for in personality. Hit the fridge section early in the day if you want the organic chicken thighs. They fly.First time here! I found it while going on a morning jog up Baltimore Avenue. It was a cute little co-op with a variety of foods difficult to find elsewhere. I got 8 items for $29 in total. Not bad! Will come here again. Made myself some roasted asparagus with chicken and a salad with ingredients from this co-op. Oh so fresh!This is my first time going to a co-op grocery store. It's cool to see organic/veg/vegan options as well as various types of meats/cheeses. However, when compared to seeing the same name brand and food in regular grocery stores, Mariposa is way too expensive for cereals, produce, frozen foods, etc. You are better getting bulk items at BJs or anywhere else. The selection of fruits was very underwhelming as they all looked beat up and kinda pathetic. The vegan shanghai dumplings were the only redeeming quality. I'll stick with Shoprite and WholefoodsI barely have reason to shop anywhere else for fresh produce, bulk grains and spices, organics and vegetarian options. My boyfriend is a working member, so he saves 5% off in exchange for a 3-4 hour shift per month (may not seem like much, but it does add up). Members also have a rolling account to which they can transfer funds as needed, eliminating the need to bring cash or credit cards when the craving for watercress, daikon radishes or ripe tomatoes strikes.
Not the cheapest place to shop, no. That's not the point. Do not expect comparable pricing to big box retailers, super chains, or even local franchises. Do expect better quality, local options, and feel good knowing that extra dollar or five you spent directly benefitted a real farmer who chooses to grow organic, unmodified whole foods for you, and who will never get rich doing so. That extra change isn't going into the hands of a greedy corporation who bullies growers and suppliers to reduce their bottom line to a thread, resulting in chemically treated, genetically altered plants and animals harvested by underpaid, overworked migrant workers. 
If the co-op priced their merchandise at the scale the big retailers do, they would lose money. The margins just aren't there for equivalent discount pricing. Supermarkets are a dime a dozen and Mariposa is worth every extra penny. 
Tips: 
If you are a tomato junkie like me, make it a point to visit during tomato season. Red, yellow, purple, green and orange heirlooms of all shapes, flavors and textures. 
BYO containers for Dr. Bronner's refills, and other green cleaning products.How do i love mariposa?  1.  I love it that it is a cash free system.  You can budget for your groceries in advance then run a declining balance during the month.  This way if you are a space cadet like me and forget your wallet, you can still buy (local, organic) milk and eggs.  2.  I love the focus on locally and sustainably produced food. 3.  If you are a member in good standing, you can get a key to the coop and shop after hours. 4.  work shift is painless and working there is great...other members are way cute, fun, politically aware and interesting.      All in all, great community and great food Viva mariposa!Be careful: You have to be very vigilant when shopping at Mariposa.  Many times I've been here, at least 1 item was rung up with the wrong (and higher) price, so you can get overcharged if you're not careful.  
I understand that this is a co-op, but regularly having wrong and higher prices is just a terrible practice.  It's unfair and burdensome for the consumer, even if it's just an oft-repeated mistake.  For this reason, I can't honestly say I'm a fan of the place anymore.I would shop there more often if it was a bit cheaper. The new space looks great.OK, so this will take some explaining if you don't know what a co-op is... 
You can only just walk in and shop there once.  After that you have to become a member.  Being a member entails several things: for one it means you pay $25 a year to be a member.  For two, it means you have to work there once a month for two hours (the work is incredibly easy).  For three, it means that you can shop there.  And after you've been a member for a few months you get a key to the building so that you can shop there 24 hours a day if you like.
So why do we choose to do this?  Well, most people who are members like the idea of a non-hierarchical structure.  It's also very convenient to be able to go there whenever you want once you have a key to the place.  I can't tell you how many times I've needed some ingredient at an inconvenient hour and been able to get it there!  It's also to have a place to shop other than your local corporate food joint.
As you might have guessed the co-op has tons of vegetarian and organic foods (though that's not all they have).  They also have lots of interesting spices, and stuff like that.  Then there's the homemade cookies and brownies (members are allowed to sell food there too), and a HUGE selection of foods that you just won't find at Giant or Acme or whatever.
You might think of it as a smaller, non-corporate, better priced Whole Foods where you are a part owner (as every member sort of is!).
The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I really do wish the place was bigger.  If we ever expand, I'll up it to 5!!Visiting  other food co-ops big and small around the U.S. has given me some some perspective on the new Mariposa: it's average. Average in size, average in quality, average in its fulfillment of its stated mission and goals. So until something changes, it gets an average rating.I absolutely love this spot! I cannot say a negative thing about Mariposa, only that I wish the place was bigger! Its a great spot for some organic and healthy food and snacks. Personally, I go for the loose tea and chips. They have a great assortment of chocolates, produce and fair-trade items. 
It's definitely worth a look!I stumbled upon Mariposa a year or so ago -and today they've lost a customer. I don't live in the area, but sometimes I'd chose to go here over Whole Foods or such. I guess I liked that it's a small grocery store, their bulk section is awesome and it's chill most of the time. Although, in my recent trip(s) it's just been weird-o vibes. I was pretty much run down by an employee pushing a cart to the back w/o saying excuse me. Asking for help..well, good luck getting an answer without being cut short. There are only two, YES TWO, guys who are friendly enough.  Everyone else is just so weird? I hate to say that but IDK I guess I expect more since this is a CO-OP after all?!  From this weeks visit I've just decided it's not worth making the trip over there any more. I'd rather get treated like sh*t from a place that's always so hectic than from people who stand around giving you the stink eye. Actually, to think; Trader Joe's employees are WAY more enthusiastic and that place is all out pure chaos. Mariposa, maybe your employees should learn a thing or two about customer appreciation. Or maybe you should learn how to pick em. Instead of just standing around looking mad and lost....Lose the tude dudes...The Co-op is alright. Its convenient, has fresh produce most days, and is easily accessible as its on the 34. I do think it is way too small and they are a tad over-priced. I also think due to its mostly volunteer worker system things aren't going to be perfect. I am cool with that. There is a little bit of the (quoting Tyler's horrid posting here ) "its populated with graduates of expensive colleges posing as working class people" but thats West Philly. Worry about yourself, let the kids figure their own shit out. 
Best time to shop: anytime between 9-5. After that its busy. Also, don't use it as your primary grocery store. Use it as a supplimental grocery store. It is too spendy and the choices are too limited.I absolutely love coming here for all of my essentials. Prices are cheap for the quality you get and I especially appreciate the bulk section of nuts and spices. If you're looking for fresh and great quality food this is definitely the place to go!I love what Mariposa does and will shop there as long as I'm in the neighborhood, buuut... I didn't get a receipt when I went there last week. I'm glad I went back and got it, because I realized they overcharged me by $5 for the 3 limes I bought. Then, when I went back today to use my store credit, I was overcharged again for something that was supposed to be on sale. 
I don't like giving such a low review for a place I love, but c'mon Mariposa.I have to say one thing! The staff here go above and beyond! Always very pleasant and helpful! AND this past Saturday I was beyond impressed with how the cashier (Mr. James) went out of his way to accommodate all the guests in a thorough and efficient manner while handling TWO registers at one time! HE WAS ROCKIN' IT AND WAS STILL COURTEOUS AND KIND, payed close attention to each guest with respect and gratitude! I am not one to write a review ever, but this blew my mind! Bravo Mr. James, if only everyone cared as much as you do when doing their job! I sure hope your efforts are not overlooked!tho their prices are pretty high, i still gotta give them the four stars for quality items and convenience. it's a little small so a little tricky maneuvering around, so be mindful of that. to paint a better picture, they are like a mini whole foods...very mini. but they've got all the basic goods you need. from organic local produce to dr. bronner soaps to frozen goods and essential oils. everytime i've come, they've been very busy and lines tend to get long, but the cashiers are always super friendly and efficient managing to get customers in and out at a decent pace. so while i don't make this place my go-to for groceries, i do appreciate the fact that they are so close for when i need my organic teas and such.
also, they open early and close late! woohoo!Great place to purchase your groceries. Tons of selection from organic, grass-fed options although no butcher. Expect high quality fruits, vegetables, and goods e.g. cereal, flax seed, la croix etc. at a premium price considering it's not nicely located in a central place like Whole Foods. If the price was comparable it would be an easy 5-stars. The way to maximize the value is to get their card to get discounts by buying things in bulk for example. The lines for the cash registers get a little crowded but all very manageable and easy to navigate.Much like other businesses during Covid-19, Mariposa adjusted their hours and procedures which I can appreciate. I have been going back and forth with a local csa program and Mariposa since this pandemic began. 
Hours have been adjusted to accommodate seniors and higher risk folks, and are only allowing a certain number of customers in at a time. I have gone on different days and times, but there doesn't seem to be a pattern on best days...sometimes there are long lines, other times I can walk right in. 
There is a hand sanitizing machine which is great to have right now. It's a small store and since I always go with a list of everything I need, I'm in and out of there within usually 10-15 minutes. They have all the standard grocery store stuff and a few extra fun things to shop. The employees have always been very nice and helpful. 
I'm grateful to have them near me!Prices are a bit on the high side but it makes sense for a co-op. I come here to grab produce and somethings I'm missing at home. Everyone that works here is also very friendly.I would like to preface that I don't usually review places unless they are either exceptionally good or exceptionally bad.
I love this place. Like any coop, you can't find all your groceries here. That said, they have quite a bit! And, IMO, pretty cheap for the quality. For example, they have local/organic/raw/unhomogenized milk quite reasonably-priced compared to my local gas station's price of regular, industrial farm milk. Like, the prices are nearly identical so why not support something local & better-tasting! 
They also carry the local (Telford, PA) brand of nut butters "Nutty Novelties," which I'm in love with. These are a bit pricey, but they make great gifts-so please try them! I was given a little 8 oz jar of the butterscotch PB & I'm seriously obsessed now, so I try to recommend them anytime I can!While I love the idea of this place, as I love the idea of cooperatives and consensus-run organizations (I am actively involved in one myself, Why This Way), this place falls short of my basic needs.
I also a blog post about the tea selection here: http://cazort.blogspot.com/2012/07/tea-bag-selection-in-mariposa-co-op-and.html - I like their selection of loose-leaf bulk teas, from Frontier Coop, but I think their tea bag selection is pretty poor.  But back to the groceries...
My main concern here is the pricing.  The people who work here have explicitly told me that this place does not make low prices a priority.  I just find this unacceptable.  I shop regularly at the Clark Park Farmer's Market, the Reading Terminal Market, and several supermarkets around this area, as well as numerous small grocercies.  I know what things cost, and I know that the prices here are not competitive.
I also fail to understand how this place is not able to leverage its use of volunteer labor to lower their prices.
I believe that prices are often a sign of efficiency.  If a retail establishment is efficiently run, their prices can be lower.  Retail stores that have high prices and low profits (like this place) often have such a poor margin because they are either buying things at too high a price from suppliers, or they're wasting products, like throwing them out when they don't sell.  I don't know what combination of factors causes the prices to be so high here, but I know that I've gotten the same goods sold here elsewhere, from for-profit stores, including small stores, for much lower prices.
No thanks.  I'm not interested in joining even, unless your mission includes lower prices.  This place is just astronomically priced and I don't think it's really serving the community because of it.So I finally became a member of Mariposa, after I got tired of buying things in large quantities that I would only use occasionally before they went bad (I'm talking to you, anise stars), and not being able to buy things in bulk when I wanted to (that's you, five pounds of rolled organic oats for homemade granola). 
A lot of the shit talking in the Yelp reviews seem to come from people who have no idea what a Co-Op is. It's not a store. It's a co-operative buying group for people who are interested 1. in bulk purchasing power for things like grains and spices and 2. want to be sourced locally grown goods. The Co-Op does both of these things. Yes, you have to be a member. And yes, there are a limit to the number of people at any given time that can become members (it's a tiny place! And everyone needs to be coordinated. Which means hiring more staff, which they can't afford, since the actual staff is small and trying to earn a living wage). 
So yeah, you might think it's elitist. Really, its just size limited. And maybe the volunteer you talked to just joined last week and doesn't have all the answers. Either does the checkout girl at Supreme. And I I've noticed that most of the people who think that people are antagonist to them because they don't have a certain "look" are just totally self-conscios folks who feel out of place about everywhere they go. Sorry. Can't do anything for you. 
Yeah, I think it's too small. But they own the building, which brings security and stable prices (Tyler seems to have his head up his ass, or just like to make things up, if he thinks they are raising prices due to rising "gentrified" rent. The Co-Op doesn't pay rent). Again, pluses and minuses. If you're interested in getting involved, stop by, ask questions, and get informed.Some people only write Yelp reviews when they want to sing the praises of a business, and others only when they want to bash it. I try to be honest and fair in all my reviews, but like most I'll probably only review a business for a reason - a notable experience, or it doesn't have a lot of reviews, etc. This is going to be a first for me - I'm reviewing Mariposa to bash the PATRONS.
During the COVID19 pandemic, Philadelphia is only allowing essential businesses like grocery stores to stay open, and Mariposa is one of them. I don't know of any other business taking the social distancing guidelines as seriously - only a limited number of customers allowed in the store at a time, the first  shopping hour of the day is reserved for vulnerable individuals like the elderly, they close the store for THREE HOURS in the middle of the day to sanitize, etc. So SUPER kudos to the managers of Mariposa for their extremely socially responsible response at this unprecedented time. 
Mariposa isn't huge, and the prices tend to be a bit higher than I'm usually willing to pay for, but the eclectic selection means that I'm often going to this store even if it's only to get a few items. And in normal times,  it's a nice, cozy atmosphere to sort of browse and shop at a leisurely pace. 
Except these aren't normal times. With a line of people down the block to get into the store, because only 5-6 shoppers are allowed in at a time, I figured everyone entering the store would know exactly what they needed so they could get in and out quickly (I recited like a mantra to myself for the 45 minutes I waited: tempeh-bread-granola). But when I got into the store, the other shoppers were kind of just hanging out, browsing around, taking their sweet time. Hey, you know what? One of the things I LOVE about cooperatives is that they are by definition of and for their communities. But that means the members of that community should be mindful of each other too, and I just wasn't seeing that yesterday at all. And it was COLD before noon yesterday. Not my call to make, but since everyone seemed to be so clueless and inconsiderate, I feel like Mariposa needs to enforce a 5-minute shopping limit for as long as this is going on.
Maybe I just went on a bad day, or bad time of day. All I'll say is, I'm glad I got an extra loaf of bread, and an extra block of tempeh, because next time I'd opt for curbside pickup instead of losing nearly an hour of my day because people can't be bothered to think of others.I like supporting my local community and really think it's cool to have a food co-op 3 blocks away instead of me having to trapeze all over philly to go to whole foods. Yes you can buy lots of items here that you could get at whole foods. They have a good selection of bulk foods, coffee. Also lots of vegetarian proteins options here, as well as sandwiches and salads. Whenever just have gone in, busy times included, employees and fellow shoppers have been nice.I like the variety, the ability to order in bulk and get a discount, and the super friendly staff. It's close to home so the location is an added bonus.Great place for organic food shopping. Decent prices. Not a lot of selection though. The place is in a busy part of town. Parking is limited.High priced, but that's what you expect for the convenience and high quality ingredients offered from a store like this. Always a friendly staff. Great for that last minute item to finish a meal.I have purchased groceries from here but this is my only source for White Sage and Palo Santo sticks. They have a large selection of natural and vegan products and organic produce. If I lived closer, this would be the place for my grocery shopping for sure.Great grocery store in west philly.  It has a lot of what you might want or need to make a good meal for yourself.  I suspect, on purpose, they don't have much in the way of ready-made food because of waste reduction.  So, pick up your raw materials here and have a great time.Fun little spot with good selection and local items as well. Just as much money as you would spend at an organic store. 
**check your bill. Lots of volunteers/members work there and may accidentally ring up items twice. It happens but I realized it after I was already home and groceries put away etc. When I called them, someone kindly said to come back and they would happily refund. Will do if I have the time.Great organic and health conscious grocery store there organic vegetables and fruits are amazing. A good selection of fair trade coffee and teas. Hand sanitizers throughout the Co-op and also mask requirements.I really want to love Mariposa Food Co-op. I try to support local businesses and especially ones that are focused on sustainability and social consciousness. While they do have a good standard selection of organic and etc. products, I often find it lacking and have to go to other stores to fill the gaps. There have been numerous times where basic items were not in stock. 
Sometimes the staff is friendly and sometimes they aren't at all. It seems to be a who you are friends with kind of deal. Maybe I'm just not used to Philly vibes. 
While I appreciate the business for its positive impact, I have been to other locally owned grocers that blow Mariposa out of the water.If you care about buying food that is Free Trade, Local, Organic, and buying from CO-OPs, then go here.  Four stars because it's a co-op, but not five because they are growing and getting more expensive and not all volunteer-run.  
You can get a lot of stuff you can't find elsewhere.  Specifically I recommend the Once Again Peanut butter which comes from an African-American farm co-op and a co-op distributor.  No sugar and really yummy.
No other place around to get Fair Trade Bananas.  Veggies and leafy greens are good, but for fruit, I prefer non-organic.
The store is small, but they are moving soon to a bigger space on 48th.
You cannot pay with cash, but they take food stamps.This place is great! I love coming here to find new delicious foods. It can be a bit pricey but I love how they have a co-op membership for low income members. The staff is always so great. Lines can look pretty long but they go very quick. They also have a great variety for eco friendly products! I love being close to this place.