Best martabak I've ever tried in Philly!! I just came back from Indonesia and it feels like I never left because this martabak tastes just like home. And although I got to tried it when it wasn't fresh, the flavor was still amazing. Totally recommend this new joint! Will be coming here often. 
PS: I tried the cheese + peanut flavor.First time here and interesting concept putting mozzarella cheese on top of the original savory martabak to cater to the local American taste. Very recommended. Will definitely come back here to taste various martabaks.Best martabak I ever tasted... Authentic Indonesian street food can be found here. This was my 1st time enjoying sweet martabak in Philly. I got 3 pans. One original with nutella, red velvet with oreo and green pandan with sweet corn. All three super delicious. 
I would call and order in advance if you don't want to wait since they are made to order.best place for martabak manis, banyak pilihan, no place like this, good for hangout, place is clean and cozy, great taste.The Martabak is very delicious! It's not too sweet. Reminds me of the street vendors in Jakarta.Flavor was good but it is definitely not good for you.  Also like the pandan flavor option which is typically not common unless you're on Washington Ave or Chinatown.  Venue is very generic without really any kind of atmosphere.This place is delicious, not healthy, but definitely delicious.
I believe the main specialization of this place would be desserts, but me and two other friends came dinner. It seems the majority of the people order takeout from here and while there are four small tables for two to three people each, we were the only ones to dine in.
When you walk in you were greeted with a very well-lit and clean space. Random murals on the wall are not too bad. The menu is mostly listing desserts first, and then the Savory stuff towards the end. Prices range from 15 to $22, so it's not really a dine loan deal.
For dinner, the three of us ordered the Savory one with chicken in, and mozzarella with corn on top. The Crepe is deep fried and stuffed with egg and I think ground chicken. They graciously slather on layer upon layer of shredded mozzarella with corn on top and then torch it to melt beautifully. I am basing the last assumption on video from their monitor behind the counter. We also ordered three of their Indonesian milk to Jasmine tea which are imported and come boxed. We were also given samples of the Indonesian style salted milk tea that you recently can find at boba tea shops, except they said their version is with cream cheese. I think most are not a hundred percent sure.
it was a bit of a wait because there seem to be a large order from a family ahead of us so it was a good 20 minutes before we got food. I think the owner also give us a small container of a soy sauce that was slightly sweet containing Peppers that was essential for this but he said it normally doesn't come with it? Anyway, it was super good in the mozzarella was delicious I would definitely order again in a heartbeat if it wasn't for the fact that there are probably thousand calories all that cheeseTried Martabak for the first time tonight. We ordered the Taro Oreo Martabak and it was insanely delicious! I've never had anything like this before. 
Highly recommend! Give this place place a try.stopped by after passing this business several times. Greatest decision of my life. This Indonesian street food is so delicious. We got the M2 (beef and mozzarella). The cashier gave us two samples of the house tea which was just as amazing. The staff makes you feel like you are right at home and are so informative of the food they serve. Stop by and support this business you will not regret it.Surprised to see a store dedicated to just Martabak and more surprised that it's so good! Martabak is very hard to make. It is very rich and delicious, come hungry!I should have known there would be problems when they told me that it would be 20 minutes for a martabak manis/ terang bulan.  In Indonesia, these are made in 3-5 minutes.  Most sellers make it in front of you It ended up taking 35 minutes.
They just don't have much experience of cooking it here.  It is a surprise because the other restaurant they own is pretty good.  The martabak manis dough was thinner than I am used too.  Most of the thickness was made up with the filling. At least the taste was good.  It tasted like they used butter instead of blue band margarine.
The menu is difficult to read.  It is in very small font on the screens and scrolls every few seconds to their instagram and facebook accounts.  I asked for help reading it, and they told me to go online.  Although they advertised Martabak Telur, they were not able to make it yet.  They could not tell me when the other items would be available. 
It is a little more expensive than I would expect too.  A special (istimewa) with four toppings (keju, kacang, choco, dan susu manis) is around $3.50 in Indonesia.  I know prices are higher in America, but $20 for one that is average at best is a little pricey.Yes, I can see why people so hype about this dessert because it's a famous indo stress food. But honestly with $20 of the original with Nutella and cheese is way overpriced. People willing to pay for this price for the first two times they try but definitely not in a long run. It's good and decent, but definitely not for that price.I just bought martabak for to go.. I came at 4:15 pm and they said i have to wait 30min.. Okay,instead of 30min wait better i'm going to somewhere else while waiting and  will pick up later. And i called them,they said you can pick up 6:15. And i said: Ok.But the thing that i pissed off was i have to wait until  7:30 pm. We are from NY so I don't have all day just for martabak, if I knew I would pass.We don't mind to pass it and we will going another time. The thing is I dont only order for myself but i bring my friends because i recommended Martabak Ok to them. But really make me so embrassed that they got bad experience for the first time.. I have to wait 3 hours for our martabak 
We needed to go to the bathroom they have no bathroom for customers and they expect us to wait for 3 hours?! Come on! We have kids and a pregnant lady with us and they cannot make an exception because obviously with so many people waiting for 3 hours there must be someone who needs to go use the bathroom.The advertisements shows a monstrous amount of filling, when you receive the actual food you get a minuscule of filling. You pay too much for too little. Overall taste is okay. It wasn't amazing it wasn't terrible it was "ok" just like the establishments namThis place... gives so much food. Ridiculous portions but also it's like buying a large pizza pie. I'm not too sure why all the sweet and savory pancakes need to have cheese in it but man was it filling. We got the matcha cheese with peanuts it was $17. You could taste the peanuts but the sweetness of the sauce kind of overtook the matcha flavor of the dough, which is unfortunately because it's actually not bad as a combination overall. I think if this place had smaller portions for 2 I'd be able to come again but for the normal sizes and less then 4 folks you'll be eating it for a whole week.Very friendly staff and accommodating to my order.
My reviews are for the sweet martabak.
Original with peanut and Nutella. My favorite and reminds me of my childhood. It's filled with generous amount of crunchy peanuts. I wish they put more Nutella.
Pandan with corn: it's good and the corn is sweet.
Taro with peanut and chocolate sprinkles. Also filled with generous amount of crunchy peanuts.  You cannot taste the taro . 
You can bought Ovomaltine there too for breakfast spread. Next time I will try this kind for my martabak.Indonesian street-style food.
I really like this place - the decor is fun, the guy servicing the counter is super friendly, and most importantly, the food is delicious.
I wish they were open later!Yeah so this isn't health food, but it's delicious. The desserts are pretty much consistently great, perhaps obviously. On the savory I really enjoyed the chicken and corn. 
Also the quantity of food is significant. We ate Martabak for days. Yum.This martabak OK has brought a new taste in Philly. The food is fresh, tasty and original. I would highly recommend it if it has all the food. How possible to be out the main menu such as is Martabak Beef or savory ones. Last time, I stopped by no Tofu. The store seems busy with out of town packages. My expectation is to have more to offer than martabak such hot teas, coffees, or cafes stuff. The store has a nice design and cleaned. Not too many seating. My recommendation is to maintain the products and stay in business.On the border of Graduate Hospital and Point Breeze lies this place with the bright yellow and black awning that stands out from the crowd. I came in here craving some sweets and this was definitely the right place. The gentleman at the counter was very friendly and gave me the run down of what martabak is and the differences between their sweet and savory items. I ended up going up with the cheese, peanut, and nutella. Sounds strange, doesn't it?!
The gentleman told me it took about 15-20 minutes since it's made-to-order. We got to chatting and he was telling me that their sister location is D'Jakarta Cafe and that there is no martabak place in Philadelphia and hope that the people embrace it since the combination from the outset seems a bit strange.
The martabak telor came with 9 pieces. I ate 2 and I was stuffed. The combination was just so amazing! It's truly comfort food at its finest and the pancake with the sweetened condensed milk made my tastebuds all the happier. They should reconsider changing their name to "Martabak Excellent" or "Martabak Great", their food is more than OK. 
I gotta come back and try their savory offerings, but I do wish they had a half size or even just smaller portions because as other Yelpers said, its A LOT and definitely meant for sharing, which makes sense for its steep price. That being said, smaller portions may make it more financially appealing to those who aren't trying to spend too much.I really want to go get more martabak, but we have tried four times so far and have never been really successful.
Our first visit went the best.  We got a chicken martabak and a beef martabak.  Beef was good and chicken was great!  We loved it.  But that evening there were no dessert martabaks for sale.  We were sad to miss out, but we decided to come back.
A couple of weeks ago we came back.  The metal shutter was down, and there was a paper sign on it that said they now close early on Tuesdays.  We went home empty-handed.
Last week we tried again.  The web site says they close at 9:00.    This time I called ahead.  They _actually_ close at 8:45.  But we can get there in time.  We got there.  This time they _only_ had desserts.  We had to go somewhere else to eat.  We took dessert with us, but martabak doesn't travel well.  You have to eat it before it gets cold and soggy.
On our last try, I called ahead and this time I knew to ask if they were actually serving everything on the menu.   No, only desserts again.  (Also, they are closing early again.)
That's my martabak experience.  I'd like to like them better, but I never know when or if they are going to be open, or what is actually going to be on the menu, which makes it really hard to eat there.
If you're in their delivery zone, then maybe give it a shot.  But remember the martabak is much better when it is right out of the kitchen.My overall experience was OK!!! Took a while for my orders to get it done!!! Although knowing its time consuming to cook one...overall taste!!! Recommend to eat it as soon as you get em!!! Dont wait !!! It wont be as good if it cools down already!!! Batter is kind of condense...not as fluffy n airy!!! They're NOT stingy about their toppings!!! Thats a plus!!! Yes, recommend to try!!!It's good they have mini size now! I like their pandan cheese and corn flavor, but savory flavors are not available for now... will be backI was looking for a new dessert place and I found this place. Very cute decorations, good food, and yummy drinks.This was my first time trying martabak and it was unlike anything I've ever had before! It's like a mix between a One of those Asian sugar rice cakes, a pancake, and a regular layered cake? A bit decadent, but very delicious! The service was friendly and there was plenty of seating. The only thing that stuck out was the lack of AC and the amount of time it took to make. Would definitely come back though!Martabak is so delicious and definitely a must try if you are a foodie who likes to try different cuisines! It is a bit on the sweeter side, but still amazingly savory - unlike many desserts. I love Martabak Ok, and as they say, it's great for parties. However, I wish they offered smaller portion sizes for when you and a friend just want to enjoy some delicious snacks. Otherwise, it is an expensive, big dense snack that you need to find people to share it with.I saw pictures and videos of Martabak on instagram and really wanted to try it!  This is the only place that I have ever seen that has this in philadelphia so far.  Martabak is kinda like a chewy thick pancake with sweet or savory toppings.  Aesthetically it looks so yummy but after trying it I don't know if I would come back.  I ordered the Pandan with sweet corn and cheese.  The pancake is loaded with butter and you can't really taste any cheese on it.  The pandan pancake itself is really good but I wish there was less butter or oil that they put on it.  I can only handle a few bites of it.  
The good thing now is that they have mini martabak you can order I believe which they did not have before!  Might give it another try.I have been wanting to try this place for a few weeks now since it is right down the road from me. Just a heads up since everything is made to order, you can/should call ahead because a walk up order takes about 15-20 min (just FYI). The place itself is small and holds about 30 people. The menu seems confusing at first but the guy at the counter was very nice in explaining the Indonesian street food crave. There is also a couple of looping videos showing how they make their savory and sweet dishes. Of course I went with savory with the Martabak Telor (Beef). With that you can choose original (no cheese on top), mozzarella and mozz with cheddar. I went mozzarella martabak telor and man, the wait was worth it because i enjoyed the meal for dinner then lunch then dinner again (yes, that is how big it is for an order in case you were wondering why they were on the pricier side). You can easily split an order with another famished individual because they come in pizza boxes basically. The "pie" insides consist of egg, meat, onions and scallions. This marries to a nice crispy crust (oily but good). The cheese is then melted on top of the crust. This makes for a yummy omelette/pancake/quiche hybrid rectangle of delish. Definitely a unique experience for me and will go back for more savory and get some sweet!I ordered via Uber eats just because I got $5 cut. I choose to try their dessert, original martabak filled with Cheese, Peanut, and Nutella. Plus 1 tahu pong (fried tofu with chilly soy sauce on the side) The food came in the proper time and it was hot. Their taste is OK (just like their brand). Not the best martabak, yet neither the worst. However i will give a try for their egg martabakService was great. Came to visit philly and came across this place. We went here twice because it was so good. It reminded us of our  childhood desserts. Wish this was in nyc.Saw this place floating around on the gram and I was so curious I had to try it. It's a small shop with 4 tables and 12 chairs. Seems like it's mostly a call and pick up place, but you can def eat there too. Everything is made to order though, so the wait is roughly 10-15 minutes. This here is the mozzarella and cheddar savory beef flavor. I honestly didn't know what to expect when I came here and I didn't know what Indonesian street food was but YES I WILL BE COMING BACK FOR MORE. The prices seem a bit steep at first, this here came to ~$17 post tax but you get a hefty serving that I think is super worth it and was shareable between 4 people. Maybe 2-3 if you're really hungry, and that's just one order!!! .
The martabak itself reminded me of an eggroll x scallion pancake type texture. Super crispy and oily outside, filled with ground beef, scallions, and onions which provided a nice texture. We ate it as soon as it came out so the cheese SO was deliciously stringy and creamy mmmmm. But near the end of the meal, the cheese starts to cool down so it's not as good and is best consumed day of, heck - within the hour. The original flavor might hold up better against time though since there's no cheese to race against, and apparently it comes with a dipping sauce! Will have to try that, as well as a sweet one next time.  Overall, very solid snack type food and perfect to share with a group!This is a new and different place so I was excited to try it, and I got a savory one. The food was oily yet dry and didn't seem to be made with fresh ingredients. The flavor combination wasn't great together and in the take out container the oily took on a weird flavor. It was very oily and hard to eat with my hands, although it was made to be eaten by hand. I was disappointed!My friend Lisa lives in a Graduate Hospital and urged that we try this place. Full disclaimer, I've never really had an experience with Indonesian food, so I really don't have anything to base my review on other than first impressions.  
The space was very cute, with fun cartoons painted on the walls with pancakes saying hello to Philadelphia's who make their way inside. 
We got the Martabok original with chicken and cheddar and it took some time for them to prepare, which is why I'm sure they urge for you to call ahead to alleviate wait time. 
The original was good, but I felt very heavy afterwards and could only have a piece or two. Anymore would've had me feeling like a statue filled with butter. I'm not saying it wasn't good, but very very heavy. 
Next time I think we'll try the desert options, because they seemed more up our alley. Overall the staff was very friendly and helpful, so I won't prorate the star rating on the fact that I wasn't a fan of what I got (that's my fault not theirs) just based on my preference. Next time dessert it is!Taste was way below average for me for 19$( not include tax and tips) Pandan & corn Martabak. Super expensive. I could use that money and got super big meal elsewhere . The place is clean which is good. Just way too expensive for what you called dessert. Definitely a place you just wanna try once in your life and willing to pay that much $$..I have tried many martabak manis over the years, this is the closest to the original street food martabak terang bulan in sold in Jalan Sabang Jakarta. It is supposed to be greasy, not the healthiest but hey you can splurge once in a while. Best eaten on the same day right there, or you can take home but eat on same day, but it won't taste the same. If you reheat the next day, I am not sure how it will taste. I have never left left over after a day. 
It is not possible to make smaller portion since the mold is pretty standard. I am certain the owners brought them from Indonesia. Unless some blacksmith here in South Philly can create a smaller version, custom made, the standard size is here to stay. I do wish they come in smaller size though. 
Martabak telor (savory kind) is good but the wrapping is a bit on the thick side albeit crunchy. If you have a toaster oven you can reheat the left over before you eat them. The dipping sauce is sweet soy sauce mixed with spicy chilly seeds but I prefer eating it with fresh chilis. 
It is made to order so call ahead.Great service. They have discount offer on Facebook so make sure you follow them. 
I ordered sweet martabak with Ovomaltine and peanut but they didn't put peanut in it. I called to complain and they will compensate me with free martabak next time. What a service. Ovomaltine is not too sweet at all.How cool that Philly finally has a Martabak shop!  This tasty Indonesian street food has arrived on Washington Avenue in a bright and colorful location.  Now actually the entrance is on 18th Street so when you arrive at 1801 Washington Avenue and don't see it, just walk around the corner.  It is owned by the same people who own my favorite Philly Indonesian restaurant D'jakarta Café. On offer are sweet and savory martabaks and each one is made to order for you so be prepared to wait for about 15 minutes.  There is free WIFI so you can easily pass the time waiting for your meal to come out.  I ordered the original 'telor' beef martabak and loved it. btw - telor means egg in Javanese Indonesian.  A vinegar and a sweet chili soy sauce come with it.  It was bursting with an assortment of flavors and had the perfect crispiness that I like on the outside!  You can eat in or take away - which is their main business.  I couldn't wait to indulge, so I ate some of my martabak on the spot and then took the rest home.  At home, I added a sambal-like sauce which added even more flavor.  My only wish is that somehow they could find a way to sell one or two of their sweet martabak by the slice as a dessert without having to buy the whole concoction. That would have been a nice ending to a delicious meal!  Welcome Martabak OK to Philly!
Tips - If Alex is working behind the counter, he will happily explain everything about Martabak to you if you're not aware of this well-known food.The advertisements shows a monstrous amount of filling, when you receive the actual food you get a minuscule of filling. You pay too much for too little. Overall taste is okay. It wasn't amazing it wasn't terrible it was "ok" just like the establishments name.Heavy food which tastes like heaven a single order should suffice for a group of 4 . The host also gave us a sample of cheese tea and am sure when this pops up on the menu it would make an amazing show stopperI went there on Xmas Day so the service is quite slow and I think they have many orders so I cannot order more due to the full order. Anyway, I really liked the Tahu Pong original. The best tahu ever in US I think. For the sweet martabak, I ordered the original one (I modified the filler to be peanut and chocolate instead of cheese and nutella).If you are Indonesian like me who misses Martabak, you will love place. It's good enough to satisfy your craving. A little bit too sweet but they're so yummy. Try their Red Velvet and avocado Coffee!!I haven't really had their savory options yet because I have a horrible sweet tooth. But if you have a sweet tooth this is the place! Always friendly, and always great!A bright sunny afternoon so we figured a good day to try something new in the local area. We had heard there was a new Indonesian desert pancake thingy opened up at 18th and Washington. So off we went. 
Martabak OK is a bit of a hole in the wall place. Simple metal tables and chairs and a counter, tv screens show the evolving menu and promises new items in the near future. The walls have entertaining cartoon figures consuming the product, and an homage to Philly sports teams (although Gritty isn't there. Thank your Gods!)
Before today I wouldn't recognize Martabak if it fell out of the sky, showed up in an uber or gave me a haircut. What is it? 
We tried the sweet side of the menu, and went with cheese and peanut. Yes, that sounds weird. Cheese and peanut, and sweet. The thing is made to order and served hot in a box. One pancake is $15 so not the cheapest culinary experiment in south Philly. 
But what an experiment! Sweet, and rich with the salty savory of the cheese and peanut. Wrapped in a crispy outer shell. You could throw a little heroin in for seasoning and it would be only marginally more addictive. There was more than enough to take a bite and carry the rest home. And it tastes just as good, if a little crispier, after being reheated in a toaster oven. 
Is this for everyone, no. Is it perfect for something after a night of drinking at chicks, or when you crave a salty sweet something between meals or as a meal? Oh yes. Is it great Martabak? How the heck would I know. I do know this. We will be back, and it will be good. So good.Excellent customer service !! We had problems with our order and they fixed immediately. Really decent Indonesian dessert and busy place. Also, if you hate waiting in line, call them ahead. We'll be back !!My friend and I stopped by here for dessert and were happy to discover their brown sugar milk drink. Had it at other places but they don't compare. We also had the red velvet/oreo martabak and that was tasty too.I've been dying to come to Martabak Ok for awhile now. Growing up, I ate martabak for breakfast and I haven't had it in years. Martabak Ok's version was a little different from the one I ate growing up -- Martabak Ok's incorporated butter and cheese in theirs which is probably more authentic but nonetheless I found the green tea martabak we ordered incredibly delicious and eating it brought me back to my childhood days. Martabak is kinda like a denser and spongier pancake but better. At Martabak Ok, you can choose from a bunch of sweet and savory fillings to be sandwiched in your martabak. Personally I've only eaten the sweet ones, and that's always been my preference, but I might try the savory ones one of these days. The portions are also huge so you might want to share one with one or two people depending on if you're eating this as a meal or a snack.Martabak Ok is my place when I'm craving something sweet and substantial. Most often I get the mini martabak with cheese and chocolate. I really enjoy the spongey texture and mix of the slightly salty cheese and sweet chocolate. This is a very sweet and heavy dessert but sometimes you need that type of thing! That's why I like the mini verses the large.
In terms of COVID precautions, I order through Grubhub and went I came to pick it up, there wasn't many people in the store and it was easy to pick up your order in a safe manner.
Will definitely be back again!We could not be more disappointed with our Martabak experience. We've been waiting to go for a while and finally made the trip tonight. First we get there and are informed they don't have chicken. Ok, no problem. We'll take a plain one with corn instead as I don't eat beef. We're then told it'll be 20 minutes so we go for a walk since it's an uncharacteristically beautiful August night in Philly. We get back, order is ready- great! Head home and open it up only to find that the vegetarian dish we ordered is actually full of beef and in the 10 minute walk home it was already cold. 
2 stars for service and overall experience. My husband says the beef dish is 4 stars worthy but I doubt we'll be back.
EDIT to ONE STAR- after my husband reheated leftovers for lunch today he found an enormous, black hair baked into the food. That's now two meals ruined. Never again.I always bought martabak from Pandawa market or Martabak Raja or Home seller, and I give it try from this store , honestly these are to expensive for a pan of Martabak ,the taste was plain sweet n because they use cheap butter, and not juicy like martabak should beI can honestly say I have never tasted anything like the Original sweet Martabak Manis. It's like a pancake, waffle, or French toast on steroids. Sooooo good. How could it not be when it's covered with butter, peanuts, Nutella, sweetened condensed milk, and cheese? Indulgent and delicious are the two words that come to mind. Give it a try and you will be beyond pleased.Martabak chocolate and cheese. The most authentic martabak manis that we have tried in US compare to the one in Indonesia. Not a fan with the cheese part since it was not melted to perfection. Too much condense milk for our taste. But would return if we are in the area.Let's start by saying, where can you get Martabak if you don't have the connects to a Indo baker? Not easy to get but here the Martabak is pretty legit considering we are state side. We ordered the original sweet and also the savory beef Martabak. Everything is cooked to order and they even ship to you if you call it in. Amazing!!
Perfect texture, gooey insides and the sprinkled on cheese give the sweetness an extra savory dynamic. Tasted great. The beef martabak tasted very good too, just make sure to heat these guys up before eating. Doesn't taste good cold.
Not the healthiest food as it has alot of butter. Eat in the moderation if you can.Martabak: Amazing! We got the pandan with cheese nutella and peanuts... the whole original package!  Just like how it was when I was in southeast asia.   Really legit. The martabak takes some time to make, so expect to wait.
Fried Tofu: We also got to try the fried tofu snack and man, it was great. Just like the street food. Comes with the chili soy sauce that was the perfect combo with the fried tofu.
Cost: The only thing about it is that it is kind expensive... over $20 for the martabak, which is not what I expect when eating southeast asian food, but it did bring back memories.
Ambiance: The store is cute and small. Has a cool mural on the wall that is worthy for the gram.  
Definitely will come back and will try their other food, and try their other restaurant for some more indonesian food!AMAZING! Driving from NYC to get again next week! The Mrs. says it taste as good as the ones you find in Jakarta.I got both the sweet and savory martabak + tahu pong. SO SO so good!!! 100% authentic and the martabak reminds me of the one from back home.If you don't like this place what's the Marta with you? I'm definitely going to be bak! Full disclosure: I'm still not sure what martabak, is but I know it's more than OK!
There are three types of things, and they all have different options. 
A savory fried thing that's like a deep fried crepe or tortilla stuffed with your choice of chicken or beef with all these delicious spices and maybe egg and scallions? I got the chicken with mozzarella and holy hell. They are not here to cater to your New Year's resolutions. So much cheese. So heavy. And huge! It's about $20 but could probably feed 3-4. It's cut into like 12 pieces and I could only eat about 4 before being uncomfortably full. Would be a great thing to bring to a party. It doesn't taste as good reheated because you lose the crunch but it's still pretty good. If you want to feel healthy you can get it with corn. Was about $18.
A cake thing that's kind of spongy and kind of cornbready  and stuffed with cheese but it's dessert. And it's sitting in a pool of condensed milk. You can choose from plain, coffee, red velvet, taro, pandan, green tea (last two are great for Eagles Parties or St Patty's). Also comes with corn if you want it to which I feel weird about. You can also add peanuts, toblerone, Nutella, etc. That's it I decided I'm bringing this to breakfast at work Friday. Pandan with cheese was $15.
A pizza thing that I haven't tried yet but definitely will. You can choose from multiple toppings like green tea kit Kat, oreo, and of course cheese!
I forgot they have a 4th thing! It's fried tofu and its very fried and very good.
Martabak! I'm so excited that you're here!
Order ahead, it takes about 20 minutes to prepare. The seating area is cute, with murals, but most people are taking out here. I think they also offer delivery. Their packaging is so cute! I love the little cartoon people.Amazing martabak as always. It's better eaten when it's warm. Melt in your mouth. Now I must warn you if you don't want greasy buttery kinda of dessert then this is not for you. This place is not far from Central Philly.Ordered the original martabak sweet. Wow, it was soo yummy! The chocolate and the cheese make for a very interesting taste. Interesting in a really good way!
So juicy and really good! I ordered two pieces and wish I had ordered more! A must try. Will be trying the savory soon.Super cute Indonesian dessert place! They offer sweet and savory martabak (a type of sponge-like dessert) and bubble tea! My boyfriend and I ordered the Martabak Manis minis which were $5.95 for 2 pieces. We also ordered a drink.
The green tea one was delicious! The top is a green tea flavored sponge consistency and the bottom half is a green tea KitKat, with shredded mozzarella sandwiched in between . 
The original flavor is essentially Nutella and mozzarella. This one was a little too sweet for my liking, and honestly nothing too memorable. I would not order it again because it doesn't offer anything unique or worthwhile in flavor compared to the other options. 
We also ordered the Mango Cheese Tea. This was definitely an interesting drink. We drank it with a straw because there were mango toppings on the bottom. The drink was multiple layers of varying flavors and consistencies -- chunks of toppings on the bottom, sweet milk tea in the middle, and salty cheese foam on top. 
Overall, a super well decorated spot with decent seating. The menu offers a variety of options fOr when you're craving something unique with a combination of savory and sweet in the area! 
The only complaint I have is that there is no restroom available -- the employees usually direct you to go to the AutoZone a block away for a public restroom.Wow,,, Ini mah the best martabak di USA. Hebat bikin martabak nya... top... pokoknya sahib mampir kesini kalau lg jln jln ke Philadelphia, dan call mrk duly buat order soalnya kalau dtg lgsg pasti gak kebagian lolThis is a cute Indonesian place that sells Martabak, a type of popular street food in Indonesia. There are sweet and savory options. The savory ones (Martabak telor) are a fried dough filled with eggs, beef and scallions and you can add toppings like cheese and sweet corn. They only come in a size with 12 pieces which would be enough for 3 or more people. The sweet ones (Martabak manis) are more like two thick pancakes with a layer of sweet fillings in between. These come in large and small sizes.
We got the savory option with mozzarella and a small order of the original sweet Martabak. They make it to order so we waited for 10-15 minutes. The savory one had flavors similar to a street side Chinese omelette/egg wrap but with the twist of cheese on top. The perfect greasy comfort food! The pancakes in the sweet one were perfect- crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. We got the original which had a cheese and Nutella filling...pure oozy gooey decadence. 
Overall, very unique place that I would definitely recommend trying if you're not on a diet or need a cheat day! They also have lots of milk tea and cheese (!) drink options.I found this Indonesian dessert place through Facebook and I was so excited to try their martabak. I contacted them if they ship to Anaheim California and they said yes! So I ordered 2 original martabak with chocolate+cheese & 2 pandan. The shipped FREE if you buy 4 or more. Fast shipping and tasted soo good(not over power or too sweet.). Just right! Thank you Martabak OKWas craving martabak today, but a quick Google search showed that they were closed. I decided to give them a call anyway. 
To my surprise they are open, for takeout orders at least. Their current hours are 12-6pm Sunday to Saturday. I placed an order for a pandan martabak with peanuts and was told it was going to take 30 mins to make which is a bit longer than usual. Make sure you order 30 mins ahead of time if you are hungry!! 
There was barely any hint of pandan but the martabak was still delicious. I ate two pieces, one after another and quickly got full, but still wanted to keep eating. I don't regret eating the extra pieces even though it did make me a little sleepy after lunch.Who doesn't love martabak? As soon as people knew this was opening in Philly (calling out all east coasters!), everyone took that 2-4 hour trip to get this goodness. 
I personally like the basic coklat (chocolate) + keju (cheese) martabak a.k.a the standard martabak. You can't really mess that one up and they certainly didn't! I am a big fan of green tea so I tried that as well and was not impressed. I tasted more of the butter than the green tea. Other than that, staff was super nice and welcoming. I would like to say their TAHU PONG was probably one of the highlights of my visit. It reminds me of when I visited Jakarta and randomly bought tahu pong from the street vendors. Took me back for sure! 
Overall, this place is worth to check out if you live on the east coast. There are no other martabak shops than this one so I highly admire the team that made the effort to create this for the entire community to try.Excellent! Such authentic taste - absolutely loved it. It's just like what I would taste at home, and really made me nostalgic. Their chili martabak was particularly good.Excellent flavor and customer service! I've tried both the sweet and savory martabak and I can say it tastes like home. 
However, what set them apart was their stellar customer service. We placed an order for out-of-state shipment and it was delayed because of USPS problems (not their fault). They handled it like a pro and we negotiated and agreed on a resolution.
Will always recommend Martabak OK for anyone reminiscing of home or wanting to try Indonesian pancakes.the best martabak in philly(i'm indonesian so i know a couple of people that also sell martabak in philly). but this one is definitely a must try! i love their tofu too, also cheese tea is so refreshing! they know me by now cause i order almost every week. definitely a gem!Omg, I'll be honest, I did not know what to expect when my friend introduced me to this place. We ordered a green tea pancake with cheese, peanut and Nutella and it was SO GOOD. Lots of flavor, and all the ingredients complimented each other. We also tried the Oreo special one and that is probably one of my favorites. They also got a variety of drinks. I tried their black sugar boba and avocado coffee and both were tasty. The avocado coffee has an acquired taste. You will really have to love guac/avocado to love this. I love avocado/guac, but if you sip this down too fast, it'll get old but if you give yourself a break between each sip, it's soooo flavorful and unique!! The avocado itself definitely gives the coffee a unique kick and it's sweet. Definitely will be coming back again to try out more drinks and desserts!This place is serving sweet and savory snacks from Indonesia. The share the same owner with Djakarta Cafe. This snack called Martabak is originally from Bangka island (part of Sumatra). It is basically a baked buttery dough that has fillings. The fillings you can pick and choose from cheese, chocolate, or nuts. You can create a combination on these fillings. The dough itself can be plain, pandan (green leaf that has fragrant aroma), or red velvet. Originally, the martabak come with the plain dough with different kind of fillings that you can alter to your taste. I have to warn you this snack has high cholesterol and full of sugar so don't eat too much of it if you have high cholesterol and diabetesGot the classic sweet martabak and it was awesome. No complaints whatsoever. They were very accommodating for orders on the phone and I was able to pick up my order within 20 minutes.Doordashed some martabak the other night and YUm what a treat!
It was our first time trying it, so we decided to go with the mini's so that we could order a few different types. 
We ordered:
-Pandan + cheese & corn 
-Beef filling with chili oil (chili oil is very spicy lol)
-Original + cheese & nutella
We were a little unsure of how they would hold up throughout the delivery process, but they arrived intact and not soggy! We popped them into the air fryer for a few minutes before eating and they reheated perfectly - hot melty inside, nice and crispy outside. (I imagine that if you don't have an air fryer a toaster oven might work similarly?)
I definitely wouldn't consider these healthy as you can tell that in addition to the cheese/chocolate/whatever filling inside you can also taste that they are packed with butter and sugar. But they are delicious and you deserve to treat yourself.Authentic Indonesian sweet martabak (pancake) and savoury egg martabak. Always busy! Best to place order a day prior to your pick-up date/time. That's what I normally do. The customer services are excellent. They are responsive and awesome!Holy delicious. I have never even heard of martabak before, so my first visit was a bit frustrating because I couldn't understand what exactly this place was offering. I know that there were sweet and savory versions of something. There were pictures of some of the options on the menu but everything is made to order so there was nothing to physically see. The cashier seems perplexed that I was so oblivious to what they were serving. After his attempt to explain what martabaks were, I realized that most of the items they serve only come in 12-piece (or slice?) orders. They offered two-piece orders of only four kinds of the sweet martabak manis series. They have offered no 2-piece of the savory pieces. I only wanted to try it this time so I order the two-piece sweet corn with mozzarella cheese. 
O.M.G. What a delicious, mind-blowing bite of food. The texture of the "pancake" is outrageous. The flavor of the sweet corn was perfect. Not too sweet, and just the right level of creaminess. How have I not had these before?! Five visits later, I am much more familiar with the menu, and a few pounds heavier. Everything is outrageously delicious. The Taro savory beef and cheese is like a dozen cheesesteak and egg sliders. However busy this place is (not sure), it should be busier. Totally underrated. Stop here and experience some seriously delicious street treats. Call ahead and place your order, because everything is made to order. They now have bubble tea. There are a few casual tables, but this is more of a takeout spot.Holy... I always walk by this place without knowing what it is. I finally decided to go in and check it out. This is definitely a great place to buy dessert and coffee/tea. I was a bit hesitant with the prices since it seems a bit overpriced but that's because it's for an entire pie. I got a savory pie since that's the only size they sell and 2 pieces of the matcha kit kat. They were both delicious and super filling. I could only eat 3 pieces of the savory (12 pieces/pie) and a piece of the sweet. I'll go back for their drinks and sweet flavors since customers have the option to buy 2 pieces for those.This was my first time trying martabak so we decided to try a savory one. I ordered the chicken with corn. It was good. Kind of like a very crispy layer with cheese, chicken and corn. It is a bit messy to eat. There is only one size. Feeds 2-3. It's pretty big. I will def return and am very interested in trying a sweet one. They look delicious! The shop has said they're working on smaller dessert sizes which would be great! We wanted a dessert one but was too much food for two.Had heard about this place and was really interested to try them out, and I'm so glad I did. There's definitely nothing else like them in Philly, and everything that I had was truly delicious.
They make these really unique Indonesian style pancakes, and the savory ones are deep-fried and often topped with cheese, where is the sweet ones are filled with things like Oreos, sweet cheese, kit kats etc.
They're pretty filling, they reheat really well, and they're damn tasty. Definitely check them out!I had the traditional with ovomaltine and peanuts. It has generous amount of crunchy peanuts and the ovomaltine is melting on the warm martabak. It's so good. Definitely my favorite besides the NutellaMuch more than Ok. The Martabak was great, and the owner was really cool. I ended up getting the beef Martabak with mozzarella. I would recommend just getting the traditional beef without the mozzarella though honestly. And make sure you ask for their dipping sauces! Will be back to try the sweet ones soon.I'm all about trying new desserts, so this place has been on my to go list ever since I saw it pop up on Yelp! It's located at the corner of Washington Ave and 18th, we were lucky enough to snag street parking nearby.
The vibes inside are cute and very cheery. You have the option of ordering a sweet or savory Martabak. We went with the original Martabak with cheese, peanuts, and ovomaltine (we wanted Toblerone but they ran out). It took 20-30 minutes for it to come out, but they had a bunch of games like Jenga and Connect Four to keep us entertained. I definitely recommend calling your order ahead of time before dropping by to pick it up. 
It was worth the wait when it came out. It consisted of the cheese peanut and ovomaltine mixture sandwiches between 2 sweet pancakes. I was initially skeptical about the cheese (looked just like shredded cheese you throw on a pizza) but the taste actually worked just fine. The ovomaltine was delicious, I loved the extra crunch and texture it added. I could only eat 2 bites since it's pretty heavy  (it's pretty sizeable and substantial which explains the 20 dollar price tag). I'd like to come back and try some of the other flavors (taro, green tea, pandan) or one of the savory flavors. 
Overall it was a unique experience to try an Indonesian streetfood dessert!