Fabulous Pizza and calzones...unassuming place with true Italian pizza.  Thin and crispy pizza crust...Just right! We loved the pear fontina white pizza, French fries, salads...and save room for dessert! The food is the thing....Super good!Whether you live close to here or not, Mattei is always worth the visit! Brick oven pizza is fantastic and watching it in action adds to the ambiance. Great hospitality and warm family-style, welcoming feel. Try the arrosticini for sure...soo good! The music they play is great and sometimes there is live music! Great little neighborhood spot.Oh I wanted to love this place so much... 
After a few glowing recommendations, we decided to get a pizza delivered.  Opted for the hot sausage with broccoli rabe red pizza and expectations were high. 
The delivery was very prompt but the pizza is so sad.  I tried my best with some salt and crushed red, but there's just no saving the toppings  :(  The crust is basically falling apart, chewy and also lacking seasoning.  After one piece, I was done.  
Maybe it is best to eat in the shop and avoid delivery??Ordered two pizzas via GrubHub and was disappointed.  Even though the pizzeria is less than a 5 minute drive from my house, the pizzas were lukewarm on arrival.  I had to throw them in my oven to heat them up.  The taste of the pizzas was good, but the crusts were a little underdone.  And, the pizzas are small.  I wanted to support a new business trying to gain a foothold on struggling Point Breeze Ave., but I was definitely underwhelmed.  I have tried almost all of the pizzerias locally and have had much better than this.  I know the business is new and there may be some growing pains, and to give them the benefit of the doubt I may try it again, but my first experience with this pizza left much to be desired.Just had some of the best pizza I've eaten in years.  Super friendly and quick service. The sauce and crust were fresh and tasty. I had the tuna and onion pizza and really enjoyed itFood was good, service was decent and ambiance was lacking.  I am hoping that this place will improve on a few things and become a permanent fixture in Point Breeze. I will be back regardless.
A few recommendations to the restaurant:
Install a dimmer switch for the lighting!  It is too bright.
Include blue cheese dressing with the wings.
The price point is too high for what it is. Until the ambiance is better, lower the prices or provide specials.  The current prices are close to premium artisan pizza places like Vetri and Stella.  You're not there yet.
It's a BYOB but they don't provide wine glasses, they just have plastic cups.  PROVIDE WINE GLASSES.Stopped by on Wednesday (3/15) after the snowstorm. Simply, just great pizza. I had the primavera; they were out of arugula, but still amazing. Definitely going back to sample their other pies.
I was lucky enough to strike up a conversation with the family there, and they seemed like genuinely awesome people. I hope this place is here to stay.Molise style Pizza. No other pizza like this around, and it's FANTASTIC!!!
Chicken wings are best I've ever had...and I don't like Chicken Wings!
Fresh cut Fries seasoned 5 different ways!  Arrosticini...Lamb kabobs...yes, lamb...Something else i would never eat. But they are sooooooo Delish you can't say No to them!!!
Very friendly Staff. Kid friendly. Nice atmosphere, and Live accoustic Music! Owner makes homemade Cannoli's and homemade Wine for his guests!!!  Visit soon!  It's like visiting Grandma's!!!Greeted at the door by the owners father with homemade wine and a warm welcome-already off to a great start. From the hand built pizza oven to the friendly staff and owner, the whole ambiance was a throw back to visiting a true neighborhood pizzeria. The best part of course, the food! Perfect crusts, fresh toppings, and, surprising to find in a pizzeria, delicious lamb kabobs! 
Although on grubhub for convenience, come visit the establishment and enjoy the authentic Italian pizza straight from the oven and served by the warm staff.Mattei definately has potential, but needs some help.  This was our third try, but I can't say our persistence is paying off.  The pizza is undercooked with a very soft crust.  It could be improved in taste with the addition of commonly available self serve additions like red pepper flakes, grated cheese, oregano, etc.  The plastic spoons, forks and cups, and flimsy paper plates need to go.  Canned sodas and bottled water is inadequate.  How about some of that wine from the gallon jug that is only offered to a chosen few!  When times are busy, how about an additional waitress?  While the existing one is very pleasant, she's obviously frazzled and unable to give good customer service to all tables.  The wait time for food and the check is unacceptable.  Get it together, guys - we want you to succeed!The delivery is great. The eat-in experience is pretty bad. Paper plates and plastic silverware...come on! The pizzas are great too but wasn't that impressed by chicken wings.Delicious!! We tried take out for dinner after spending the day moving into our new house just a few blocks from Mattei. I tried the fontina and pear, and my fiance got the chorizo with red sauce.  Understandably, they have a few *minor* kinks to work out in regards to cook time and understanding orders, but overall the pizza was great and we will definitely be back! A great addition to the neighborhood.When I walked into this place on a very hot day, two things immediately struck me- the fabulous smell, and the fact that it was at least 85 degrees inside. I understand that we were the first customers of the day, but perhaps the small air-conditioning unit sputtering above the door should have been turned on hours before opening time in order to cool the restaurant efficiently. An hour into our meal, we were soaked with sweat and the room was just as hot as when we walked in.
Unfortunately, the food did nothing to make the experience any better. I attempted to order an iced tea, but they only offer cans of Italian sodas or bottled water. Once the food arrived, I was amazed to see that my calzone was served on the flimsiest paper plate I have ever seen, accompanied by plastic utensils wrapped in clear wrap, similar to those provided in a school cafeteria. The light gray color of my calzone made it obvious that it was undercooked, a fact proven by the soft doughy texture I was met with when I bit into it. The flavor of the spinach and artichoke filling was very good, so I know I should have sent it back so the crust could be cooked more, but I didn't want to prolong sitting in the sweltering room for any longer than necessary. My dining companion said that her pear salad was average. The most distinctive (and puzzling) thing about it was that it was served in a clear plastic take-out container with the lid snapped shut when it was brought to the table.  
To end on a positive note, I will say that our server was polite and very sweet.I was super excited to go to Mattei's family pizza today with my coworkers. I had pizza, wings, fresh cut French fries and even a cannoli. The pizza dough is to die for and it had fresh ingredients that made the pizza exceptional. The wings are served in a couple different flavors. All were very good.  There is something for everyone.  The French fries I could eat all day. It was a large order and every fry got gobbled up.  Mattei's is family owned  and we felt right at home. The dining area was very clean and I would definitely recommend everyone stop in and give them a try.  I will definitely be back.Even though my partner really appreciates the staff, the food was not up to par. Pizza was cold upon pick up. Ordered buffalo wings... got tiny wings with no buffalo sauce on it. Paid almost 35 dollars for a small pizza and two small wing orders. My review would look somewhat different if the food was warm and there was buffalo sauce on the buffalo wings!Got take out from here last Friday. We had friends coming in to visit, so I got 3 pies, an order of Arrosticini(Lamb kabobs) and wings. The pizza was awesome, crispy on the outside with some soft crew on the outside, the two red pizzas we got had a delicious sauce. The wings were good, but could use some more sauce on them, but I love saucy wings. The Arrosticini was yummy. I think one of friends ate most of them. Will definitely be my new Friday pizza place. I am looking forward to trying some of the more interesting pizzas since we had to get two Americanas because we had kids visiting.Pizza here is hella good!  And the owners are so friendly, offering freebies just to make your visit extra special.Ordered take out right after this place opened. Gonna give the benefit of the doubt that the creases weren't ironed out just yet. It also seems like eating there is key.
The staff seemed a little frazzled and the pizza was overpriced ($15-17) for the size - I could probably eat a whole pizza myself. Serving size for lamb kebobs ($7) was smaller than desired and not much flavor.
I'll definitely try again but bummed the first time.Their pizza dough is the best you'll find in the area. Their brick oven gives their pie a nice leopard touch and the various pizzas(i have finally tried them all) are excellent.  This is traditional artisan pie you'd find in Italy, not the Americanized super big gulp variety.  Great balance of sauce and toppings, so if you love real pizza, not the Ellios variety, you'll love these guys. Mangia!!Amazing food. If you're lucky, they'll give you some homemade wine. The honey hot sauce is the best thing I've ever tasted and their arostocini can't be beat! Definitely come here if you want great food on Point Breeze Ave.Went to check this place out after reading about opening in Foobooz. It's close to where I work and we are always looking for new spots for lunch. Ran in just to get a menu but when owner said it would only take a couple minutes for a pie to cook I ordered a margherita. The pizza did only take minutes and was delicious from the fresh baked dough to the sauce which was perfect as well as the fresh mozzarella and basil. Will definitely be making this a weekly lunch spot. Looking forward to checking out more off the menu.The pizza is delicious! The dough has a perfect texture. Not too soft, not too crunchy. The sauce is tasty and not sweet. They offer unique toppings, such as tuna, potato and broccoli rabe.  I got the marinara and the white sausage and broccoli rabe pizzas. They offer one size, which is a big personal pie.  The pies I ordered were amazing.  I asked for crushed red pepper and they literally crushed a freshly dried pepper. They may have been improvising, but it was my favorite part! The pepper was so flavorful and really spicy. It was way better than the container if old pepper you get everywhere else.  I wish the place was bigger and I bet it will quickly outgrow the space.  The seating area is tight and the draft from the door makes it cold at times. They just opened and, as expected, need to work on the dine-in experience. For the time being, I definitely found my go-to for takeout pizza. I cant wait to try the wings. They look great!Lovely family run business. Danielle is always so personable when we go in for out. Just recently expanded their menu, so I haven't tried the new items, but their pizza and wings are delicious. They have unique flavor profiles, which brings a fresh spin to pizza in Point Breeze. Definitely go sit in for dinner or grab take out :)I told a friend who is a foodie and a pizza fanatic that he should drive from Ardmore for this pizza! Love this place!! Love everything about it! And I can't believe a place like this is in my neighborhood. Everything in the menu will blow your mind. 
Did you know the pizzas have homemade mozzarella cheese?! Omg I can't say enough about Mattei. Thank you for being my new favorite place in philly!Nestled in point breeze, this place is doing the rights things to gain recognition as the new kids on the block. We walked in and were greeted by pleasant, live acoustic guitar. The place itself is Spartan, pretty bare bones. They could definitely warm the decor up a bit, but the main focal point is the wood fired grilled. Also a little cheesy that they promote their food on a tv slide show. Subtracts from the quant ambiance. These kinks can easily be worked out for a new restaurant. Super friendly staff, might I add. 
We weren't thrilled to have to pay for water, but our waitress was blunt about the tap being unfiltered. My fiend and I split a pizza with fresh tomatoes, heaping piles of arugula, and prosciutto. The prosciutto was a little dry, and the arugula overpowered most of the bites. Crust was done right, airy and thin. Not the most mind blowing wood fired za of my young life, but satisfied the craving. Only ended up being $8/person and filled us both up. 
They also have wings and fries if you're in the mood! Doesn't scream authentic Italian, but hey worth the try.Ordered a Quattro Stagioni pizza for take out. The pizza was delicious. The sauce is a little sweet, but exactly balanced with the other flavors. The crust does not fall into the super thin NYC crust category that you fold over, but it's not thick like Chicago or Sicilian pizza either. The slice will hold up on its own without buckling under the weight of its toppings. I'm not one to usually eat the crust, but this crust was so flavorful that I just couldn't help myself.Pizza is out of this world. Arrosticini is like nothing you've ever had and easily becomes addicting! Place is impeccably clean and staff is super friendly! It's like going to your family's house on a Sunday! Will definitely be back and suggesting it to friends. Food is the type where you remember it, talk about it the next day, and plan to go back. You will NOT be disappointed!I've ordered to go from Mattei Family Pizza twice, and both times I've been delighted with the pizza! Their menu has a great mix of both white and red pies to choose from, so you can find something for everyone in your party. The menu also has salads and an assortment of sides (fries, wings) but I've stuck to pizza and salad.
As for the pizza itself, it is a thinner crust pizza that has a nice crisp from being cooked in a wood oven. The pizza isn't too saucy or too oily -- it's the perfect mix for someone craving a thinner crust pizza.
I've found the assortment of ingredients to be perfect. When I was first browsing the menu, I originally thought the pizzas had too few ingredients (sometimes only two). However, I know why. The family has worked to perfect their recipes and it's paid off! 
My last order was as follows:
-Red pizza with spicy sausage and broccoli rabe  I wish that the sausage had more flavor and salt.
-Potato Rosemary  I love this pizza! If you love rosemary, definitely order.
-Special pizza with zucchini, sundried tomatoes, goat cheese, and onions  Our group really enjoyed this pizza. It's a lighter pizza than your typical meat and cheese heavy entree.What a great place, the food was terrific!! The korean bbq wings were perfectly seasoned and the were crisp yet juicey. The pizza dough is delicious, I could eat just the crust, perfectly crunchy but not at all brittle. Toppings were amazingly fresh n delicious. Mariano has created pure perfection.Fantastic addition to the neighborhood!
Don't get any nonsense like the Americana - get the specialty pizzas. The Margherita is great as is the five cheese. 
But the WINGS!!
So far I've had the hot wings, italian lemon, korean, adobo, and peruvian - they're all solid, but the peruvian is special, it's an awesome dry rub wing with peruvian green sauce. Can't wait to try the thai curry on the next wing night!Great customer service - very nice people so I hate to write this but I work hard for my money and so do other yelpers! Perhaps I just had bad luck..
I wasn't going to review this place, but then I checked my monthly bank statement and remembered how I spent $30 plus tip on a skimpy meal here for me and my roommate that provided no leftovers. I purchased two orders of wings, $16 total and a $13 pizza, which was alright but very small. The crust was pretty awesome. The wings, on the other hand, were the size of my thumb! I think this is what had me so upset. One of the orders was supposed to come in Buffalo sauce but they came bone dry and flavorless! If the food were artisan quality, perhaps I would think differently, but the food was less than average for the quantity given.Went to Mattei Family Pizza yesterday with some friends and had two pizzas. One was Margharita and the other was a potato pizza. Both were exceptionally good. Just as good if not better than pizza that I had in Italy. This pizza is amazing. Try the lamb kabobs, they are fantastic.Re-opened recently and heard that they will be rebranding (name and all). Great pizza, friendly staff. Thrilled to have a solid pizza place in the neighborhood. The pies are generally $14, sounds like there will be dessert and cannoli in the future!You say tomato I say toMAto.... we all have different tastes but I can't agree with the bad reviews. 
Let's start with delivery. Don't. I've tried it and the quality and uniqueness is lost in transit. This food is worth getting your butt off the couch and going inside to eat. (It's not that far people, don't be lazy). Besides can we PLEASE show some love for a nice new business tryin' to spruce up Point Breeze Ave. I mean really, to all my neighbors, they built it so let's show up and keep 'em coming. Quit complaining. I don't know about you but I'm tired of having to cross Washington Ave for all the good stuff. It's here now. Amen.  
Back to the food- Those wings tho! Oh my goodness. Crispy fried to perfection (soggy wings are a crime) and the sauce choices are unique and delicious. The Korean BBQ was savory and sweet. In the top 10 best I've ever had. 
My hubs and I both had a pizza fritte (fried pizza) which was kind of like marriage between a panzarotti and a calzone. A happy marriage I might add. Very light and delicious filled with just the right amount of homemade cheese. Excellent. 
Because you can never have enough fried food in your life, we also had seasoned french fries which came with a homemade adobo saizon. Exceptionally good. The honey hot dipping sauce was great as was the ketchup. 
Pomegranate Pellegrino, along with other flavors, is available which is one of my favorite drinks. 
 To top off my fully happy belly, the waitress gave us mini homemade cannolis to take home. 
Really nice staff and owner. Cute little place. Nothing fancy but this is Point Breeze Avenue people, if you want cloth napkins and a valet then you are in the wrong zip code. I do agree about the  plastic silverware though. They should get some real forks and knives for dining room customers. 
They'll get there with the details I'm sure. I thought the prices were reasonable and I look forward to going back again. 
I hear they have live music on Friday and Saturday nights. Great wings and unique pizza is music to my ears on any day. Check this place out!I didn't love the original Mattei family pizza, but I'm happy to report the new, improved product is the best pizza I've had anywhere for a long time. The dough is made on the premises, as is the mozzarella. I LOVE the pizza crust. Can you say perfection? And the sauce is delicious. The staff is warm and welcoming. I happen to live in the neighborhood, and I'm jazzed to have such a great pizza place open up. Stop by. You won't regret it.This place is awesome. Ridiculously good food, fast and friendly service (the first time we came in they gave us free wine!), and a great addition to the neighborhood.Ordered a margarita pizza, half-cheese-half-mushroom and pepperoni pizza, and Thai sweet chili wings. Everything was fantastic. The wait was a little longer than I was first told but that is to be expected when calling in a high-volume time (dinner time on a Saturday) and limited staffing because of Covid-19. The delivery driver was very nice and appreciative. Would highly recommend.Perfect little pizza joint for our neighborhood! The hot wings and fries are fantastic. The wood fired pizza is also great.we had been struggling to find a good pizza spot that wasn't fancy. so glad someone recommended Mattei Family Pizza. we've ordered 3 times now and will continue to get delivery from them. the pizza arrives at the estimated time and the food is still hot. the pizza and salads have been wonderful. excited to try more things on the menu. 
100% recommend.The pizza was ok at best I had frozen pizza from the supermarket that was better. Figured I'd give them a second try but this time just ordered some wings, disappointed! Some of the wings were so small it took three wings to make one. I would've gave this spot one star but the lady who took my order was nice. I can't see them lasting long with the abundance of pizza jawns in the south philly area. I doubt if they'll ever see me again unless the make significant changes.Honestly... I want this place to be good as it's in the heart of a growing Point Breeze neighborhood and the potential to be one of the go-to spots in the area. However the positivity ends there... I don't understand the positive reviews. I've tried it here twice, just in case, I experienced an off night. Pizza, South Philly, wood fired brick oven.. sounds heavenly! However, the pizza is never cooked through. What a waste of an oven! I was so excited to try the pizza and picked up my first slice... what utter disappointment! The pizza literally folded over, it went limp on me! Until I hear they've learned how to use the oven, I unfortunately will not be returning. I was even tempted to go in and talk to the cook. What a waste! For those who say they are pizza connoisseurs, please tell me what I'm missing!The pizza was good. The service was pretty bad considering we were the only people in there. We only ordered a pizza and fries. They forgot the fries and then charged extra for hot sauce.... I think if you are dining in, you shouldn't have to pay extra for sauce.... and also when you don't get half of your order. No one came to check on us until we were almost finished with the pizza, so we got our fries for dessert. I'm happy to have these little spots in the neighborhood especially a family owned joint, so I hope they are more attentive to their customers in the future.We ordered Mattei for takeout and I'm so happy we did. It was quick and delicious. We ordered the potato pie, the margarita pie and Parmesan garlic wings. I loved the margarita and wings - both fantastic. I thought the potato slices on the potato pie were a bit thick, but the fresh rosemary was a lovely touch. Will order again!This was the best white veggie pizza I've had- Philly or elsewhere. And Miguel & Odi are so nice! Miguel makes me feel so welcome when I come to pick up :) when it comes to food and service it was 5 stars for me! (And very clean and they were wearing masks)Mattei's was incredibly disappointing. The eating options in Point Breeze are limited and I was super excited that a brick oven pizza joint was going to be 3 blocks from my house. 
Where to begin... The lighting way too bright and it mostly illuminates the fact that little was spent to repair the building or make the dining area comfortable. The prices were crazy high for the neighborhood; one pie will run you around $14ish bucks and it's served on paper plates with individually wrapped plasticware. Drinks are served in red solo cups and ordering felt incredibly awkward - they were out of ingredients and the woman who took our order seemed like she's never worked with customers in her life. Then there's the food... We ordered wings and one pie. The wings were way overcooked, fried until they were chicken wing shaped rocks then drizzled with a terrible version of a Peruvian green sauce. The pizza dough was stretched poorly - too thin in the middle, too thick around the edges - which resulted in a pizza that was a crispy as a cracker in the center but anemic and undercooked around the edges. (I will say that the crust is very flavorful, if stretched and cooked right it would be very good). 
The worst though was the chef, his long hair not pulled back and the way he would check his cell phone and then go right back to preparing food w/o washing his hands. I'm shocked that this place is getting 5 star reviews - hopefully I was just there on an off day and it will improve, but this city has no shortage of brick/coal oven pizza joints and I'm willing to spend a little extra walking time on going to a place that's got it's shit together.We were looking for a local spot for some
pizza and found this brick oven joint on Point Breeze Ave online so we gave it a try. We ordered a margherita pizza, pepperonin pizza and a few other items. 
Upon arrival, the people working at the establishment were very friendly and even gave us a couple free Coke's along with our order.
The pizzas were very good and we could tell the ingredients were of good quality as we could taste the difference between Mattei's pizzas and from those we've had recently .  The crust was crispy and was every bit of what one would expect from a brick oven pizza.
We will definitely  be coming back to this local gem in order to try the other items on their menu for sure.I got the Mexican cheesesteak.  The thicker sliced meat and roll smacked me in the face.  The thicker sliced meat was not chopped.  This helped it stand out in a very flavorful cheesesteak.  I had minor gristle issues.  The meat was good and noticeable but was the weak link of this cheesesteak.  The roll was the star of this cheesesteak. This roll made a below average/average cheesesteak better and I now have to rethink my view of the roll's role.  The roll was seeded and toasted.  A mayonnaise based refried bean concoction made this a Mexican cheesesteak.  There were Jalapeno's with the refried beans and they made this cheesesteak hot.  I don't know where it came from but this cheesesteak was oily.  We did have a roll blow out issue.   I would pair this cheesesteak with mucho cervezas.I love having a local pizza joint within a 5 minute walk from my house. I especially love how quickly the pizza is ready! It's also great neighborhood pizza joint pizza (if you know what I mean). It's perfectSomeone told me that this place had really good wood fired brick oven Pizza, so I checked to see if they were on Yelp.  I couldn't find them, but I decided to try them out anyway. Well, I was not disappointed! You can really taste the fresh ingredients; I got the Margarita pizza.  I asked the person who answered the phone about the different pizzas.  He was very friendly and patient with me and told me that they make their own Mozzarella for the Margherita pizza; he seemed very passionate about their pizza as well.  You can really taste the difference, with the fresh ingredients.  My daughter is a self proclaimed pizza connoisseur and she said that she would rank this pizza number one pushing Angelos down on her list.  I don't usually write reviews, but I was surprised that on a Friday this place with great fresh pizza wasn't crowded; also, I was surprised they weren't on Yelp.  This is definitely a hidden gem and worth checking out!  I wish I would've taken a picture, but the pizza didn't make it3.5 ((Sigh)) I wanted to love, and welcome this new family owned pizza joint so warmly to an area that desperately needs it, but it fell a tad short for us, well, me. 
Nah:
-The pizza was good, not outstanding the fam said. The potato paled in comparison to the fam's favorite potato, rosemary in South Philly but that pie is kinda outrageous so I'm not sure if that's fair to compare. The Margherita while had it fresh basil, wasn't quite what I'm used to in a marg pie. It looked too much like a regular slice to me, but hubs thought it was very good. The pies all had a bit too much crust for my liking, but the fam didn't mind that as much as me. I think we would ask for it a bit more well done next time also? Personal preference. 
-They don't serve water! I mean, they sell bottles of water for $1 but do not offer tap and when I asked why, she said because they don't have a filter. I have never ever seen or heard of this and quite frankly, I'm not sure it's legal. We were given cups when asked, no ice. 
-No seasoning. I'm used to seeing parm cheese, oregano, and crushed red pepper on the table at a place that serves pizza. Here, it was a no go. I didn't bother to ask, but I didn't see any. 
Yah: 
-What makes this place vey cool is the creative flavorful sauces you can choose to top wings or fries....
House Made Hot Sauce (Buffalo Style Med)
Peruvian (Mild) with Green Sauce (Med)
Italian Lemon (Mild)
Korean Style Hot Sauce (Hot)
Thai Curry (Mild)
Adobo (Mild)
Chinese Salt & Pepper (Med)
We had no intention of ordering fries, but the sauce varieties sounded so tempting and were just as amazing as they sounded! DO NOT MISS THE SAUCES! We chose the Thai curry which had outstanding flavor with a coconut note! Yummy! We even dipped the crust of the pizza into the leftover sauce! Do this! 
-Our server was welcoming, knowledgeable and very kind. I believe our waitress was the wife of the man slinging our pies into the wood burning stove which is another plus! She informed us that the lies would be "leopard spotted" with black because if the ovens. I thought was a cute way of putting it. 
-I loved being able to watch the oven action right from our table. I also loved the TVs going with rotating family photos of what looks like a close knit Italian fam and what I believe was an episode of the chef featured on The Food Network! Very cool. 
- mini chocolate, chocolate chip cannoli were loved by my three. Very delicious they said! 3 for $2 I believe. Cheap. 
All and all, we would give it another shot but try something different. We would definitely order fries again and try perhaps the Fontina, Pear & Sage pie hubs wanted as well as The Kale and Onion, Sea Salt & Olive Oil pie which I wanted to try. The fried pizza sounds crazy! Somebody try that! They also have a chocolate pizza....interesting!Pizza was on point (no pun intended.). Their sauce is great and the topping were tasty.  Can't wait to order again.Definitely a hidden gem! Our family is in Philadelphia for a kids hockey trip and one evening while looking for a place to eat, we came upon Mattei Family Pizza. We noticed a large brick pizza oven in the kitchen and decided to stay. The staff were really nice and we ordered some drinks (they serve bottled beer as well), pizzas, spaghetti with sauteed large shrimp, and chicken fingers and fries. The staff let us watch them make the pizzas and chatted with us about the brick oven and the cooking process. The pizzas were AMAZING. Crisp crust but perfectly cooked....ingredients were fresh and delicious. The chef is inventive and the pizza I ordered (Mexican Pizza) was fantastic...light frijole sauce with sauteed onions and jalapenos, sliced chorizo sausage and a good amount of mozzarella. WOW.  The rest of the food was great as well. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great pizza! Also, the price is great. The large Mexican Pizza was only $16 and could feed 2-4 people. Looks like they do a robust delivery business as well, so people are definitely eating their pizzas!Got the Margherita pizza for pick up. The pizza was ready at the estimated time, however, wasn't hot anymore. The pizza itself was good. I'm never wowed by a margherita pizza but had to try it because of all the reviews that praised it on Yelp. It was good, but still not wowed. I did really like the dough/crust. I usually don't eat the crust on all pizzas but I finished this one right up! Soft on the side with a slight crisp on the outside. I would order from here again to try more of their menu!Can't say enough good things about this restaurant. To start, everything is phenomenal. The pizza, the wings, the pasta, and especially the Tacos and quesadillas. May have had the best el pastor pizza ever here. The dough is soft, but has a crisp. The meat is tender and flavorful. And a bonus, they sell Jarritos sodas. So, grab yourself a Lime when you get anything here, because it's all amazing.
On top of the great food is the even greater staff. From the owner to the manager to the cooks. Everyone here is happy and wants to serve you the best food they can give. It's good to see a small business like this thrive in the pizza heavy South Philly.I'm so happy that I found this place and so thankful to support it during this pandemic. The pizza was fantastic and the delivery arrived when it was actually estimated to arrive. I can't wait to continue ordering takeout from here until I can come in person to support this fantastic local business. Will definitely be ordering again soon!My name is Jerome and my friend name is Yvonne   We make a priority to stop by different pizza stores. We found out that this is a hidden gem in  South Philly  if you're looking for the best  look no further  you found the best .please check it out and try the pizza is great and the lamb is excellent .Bon appétit.Found this place during covid after seeing a recommendation on a neighborhood page.  I can't believe I just found this place now!  The margherita pizza is amazing.  The dough tastes fresh and has a doughy crust from being cooked in a brick oven.  The sauce has great flavor and is a little chunky with plum tomatoes.  The mozzarella is a little salty, which is a great balance.  The pizza is delivered quick and the delivery guy is nice, too.  It has quickly become our go-to for pizza delivery.