Have friends or family visiting from out of town? TAKE THEM TO MAX BRENNER! Want to take that special someone out for a romantic evening? TAKE THEM TO MAX BRENNER! And not just for dessert! Cocktails...Dinner... it's ALL delicious! The atmosphere is fun for all ages.  We've taken both of our families here and both were wowed and impressed. I've been here for a business lunch and of course it's the perfect date spot. We've visited over a dozen times and every time is just as great as the last. 
The Southwestern Caesar Salad with Chicken is one of my favorites and he always gets the Burger--the waffle fries are dusted with cocoa powder and make them that much tastier.  Dessert is obviously the best course--the Peanut Butter Chocolate Euphoria is PERFECT for sharing (and I highly recommend it!).  Drink a bottle of wine or sip a hot chocolate in a Hug Mug....either way GO TO MAX BRENNER!I came in here with a few girlfriends for dessert. Service was good and attentive. The food was just so so. I ordered the Mexican hot chocolate. It needed to be richer, sweeter and spicier. I also ordered the fondue. The food was the easy to dip as brownie and cookie kept breaking up. I just ended up eating those without dipping. The vessels they give you to dip the food it are not easy to use because there's not much chocolate in each. The chocolate also could have been richer and sweeter. 
I left still feeling like I wanted dessert I didn't get here.Had a reservation for lunch during $20 pre-fix meal restaurant week. Wings came out undercooked. Our waitress gave us another order and our food came at the same time. They were decent. The burger was good, but no better than one from TGIF or Applebee's. Dessert was a crepe with peanut butter, banana and chocolate....very good. Overall, I enjoyed the experience but I don't know that I'd go back.I would recommend corn croquettes side, which is the best item I had at Max Brenner. My group also got the chili and cocoa powder waffle fries, which were good, but the cocoa was not a noticeable flavor-- definitely seen, but not tasted. The onion rings with the chocolate ranch dressing was the adventurous dish of the night. The rings were good, but like the fries, the chocolate looked like it was added, but was not tasted. 
The hot chocolate is okay, nothing very special, but drinking it out of the hug mug was an experience I would recommend for people who haven't been here. They had a good apple tart a while ago and their chocolate fondu is a fun dessert. 
I would go here for the experience, but do not plan on going again unless I have a guest in the city.Yuck.... just yuck 
Let's start with the avocado skin in my salad.... jump to the dirty floor where something spilled and wasn't cleaned up properly.....
Dessert?!? Oh wait that was another ordeal PRETTY sure they never put it in to start.
Needless to say we won't be returningAmazing place for chocolate desserts! 
First time: I got Max's famous chocolate mess party for two, which was good but has wayyyy too much whipped cream. The layer of cake on the bottom was pretty thin (no more than 0.5 inch thick), and the amount of whipped cream on top was HUGE. More cake (and a bit more vanilla ice cream to balance it out) and less whipped cream would make the dessert perfect. The choco-pops topping was delicious (adds crunchiness and even more chocolate flavor to the smooth ice cream and cake texture). Nothing impressive, like 3 stars...
BUT 2nd time: I got Euphoria Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge Sundae (Max I-Scream), which was amazing! The peanut butter fudge was so thick and so good. It was better than the first dessert and definitely a lot more unique -- worth like 4.5 stars. 
Will have to try some chocolate drinks next time! Heard milkshakes here are amazing.First stop for Center City Restaurant Week:  Max Brenner for lunch. Three courses for $20. Multiple choices for each course, but I picked the chips with spinach/artichoke fondue to start, the Brenner Burger (bbq sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheddar, onion ring) with cocoa/chili waffle fries, and the peanut butter and banana chocolate crepe with chocolate ganache for dessert. Massive amount of food, but my stomach is superhuman when it has to be and I ate every last bite (to the shock of my dining companions). Because of this, I had no more room for actual chocolate or hot chocolate in a hug mug "by the bald man," but walked it off for sure right afterward. I was really surprised at the size of the portions, especially for prixe fixe menu at lunchtime! I mean, especially tne dessert, man! A full-on crepe filled with rich peanut butter, banana slices, and even more peanut butter sauce, and chocolate ganache to pour over the top - almost put ME over the top, if you know what I mean. The full dessert order according to the regular menu includes dulce de leche ice cream too...! Whew. Twenty bucks was a good deal, a ton of food, service was okay.Me and my wife go here when ever we get a "Date Night" this place is awsome! The lunch and dinner food is good, but obviously the real star is the deserts. Between the 2 of us we've tried almost everything and never really had a bad desert. If you go in the winter make sure you get the hot chocolate in a "hug mug"! Weird mug but really good hot chocolate. One word of advice try to pee b4 going into this restaurant because they only have 2 single person bathrooms and sometimes their is a line. You can trust this review because I'm a chubby guy and you know us plumper people really know our food!Way overpriced for what you get.  We got the chocolate fondue for two.  It came with a tiny portion of barely warm chocolate, bruised bananas, a curiously hard "waffle" and a few other things.  On a positive note, the Mexican hot chocolate was tasty.  Peanut Butter Hot Chocolate was delWe went here for dessert only, but what won me over was the yummy aroma of chocolate when you first walk in. The Churros Fondue was good but a little too sweet. Their hot chocolate was good too but you figure at a place like this, it should be. What I really liked though was their Chocolate Chunks Pizza "The Works" (chocolate, hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter sauce and roasted marshmallows). This is a good place to grab dessert with your girlfriends. I imagine this would be a good place to get your chocolate fix when you're pms'ing too. ;)Dessert ( chocolate cake) was delicious. Chicken and waffles was not tasty unfortunately :(Horrible hostess/ manager whoever was in charge of reservations and giving out tables. Our server was great and made up for it. The food was good average, but the desserts are fantastic!! Definitely a fun experience when it comes to the desserts. Don't know if I'd go again if due to the hostess. I would go into details about what she did and how she treated us but wouldn't want it to effect the restaurant...My daughter and I came here for lunch during the DNC. We were lucky enough to find parking on the street near by and a not crowded restaurant. The server was lovely. She was very helpful in helping me make my choices. We ordered a B.A.L.T. sandwich and My daughter had crispy chicken mac and cheese. The portions were huge. The food was good. We had left overs. Max's is all about chocolate so we got dessert. A melting chocolate cake that was over the top and an ice cream sundae. Both were really good. I gave this place 4 stars only because I thought they were kind of on the expensive side but the portions were HUGE, could have had less food and a little cheaper price.I went to this place to get a dessert and what I ended up getting was the best milkshake I have ever tried. The other person I went with got the Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake and I got the Eighties Milkshake. Both of us agreed the milkshakes here were amazing, though sadly the prices are higher here than Nifty Fifties and many other places. I doubt the other locations are worse than this one so enjoy Boston, NY, and Vegas!Just visited here for restaurant week. The food was great, our waiter was great. Surprisingly the portions were still the same. I was full from just the appetizer: dry rub wings. The BBQ sauce was so yummy. The only down side was the maitre'D was a bit off putting. On the bright side I do want to go back and hopefully the ratings will improveOK, I know people love chocolate, and that's great, but I went here for lunch with a party of four, and I was shockingly disappointed.  The service was incredibly slow, albeit polite.  The food was cold when it came out, stale, and vastly over-priced.  The only saving grace was the hot chocolate I ordered for dessert, but by the time I received it, I had already acquired an insurmountable disdain for this place.  
Max Brenner ever again?  No thank you!Never bothered too much about going to Max Brenner but one day my husband and I decided to grab dessert here after dinner. and i am so happy we did.
They have this vanilla ice cream pop fondue that is amazing.  $7.95 of happiness.  You get a stick of vanilla ice cream (made by magnum and supposedly shipped from Isreal) and 3 bowls of goodies to dip it in.  1 bowl of melted chocolate, 1 bowl of some crunchy toffee/chocolate, 1 bowl of these deliciously wonderful chocolate wafer balls.  I was dipping this pop withe the enthusiasm and excitement of a 2 yr old in a Hello Kitty store.  
We also got the waffle fries as my husband's "salty dessert" which come w/ a side of chili mayo - delicious as well!!  what a great combo.This spot was different, something I'd never seen before so it was a welcome change. My sister and I ordered the cookies and cream milkshake. In my opinion, the milkshake was liquid ice crystals with a little bit of Oreo flavoring. I've never had a milk shake that liquid. My sister also didn't enjoy hers. We are not the type to complain so we just drunk what we could and left the rest. My other sister had the chocolate cake which was delicious. I'm not completely sold on this restaurant and not sure if I'd return.This place was really cute. I loved the decor..and  the food was tasty!!! I came here with four of my girlfriends for restaurant week. 
I ordered the Chubby Smoked Turkey Club with smoked bacon, dijon aioli, lettuce, tomato and additional avocado. It was a large portion. I could only eat half of the sandwich.. the entree was served with waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder.. the waffle fries were DELICIOUS! There was also this spicy mayo sauce that was so tasty!!! 
Afterwards, we decided to share the Chocolate Pizza warm thin pastry topped with double melted chocolate chunks, melted marshmallows and candied hazelnut crunchy bits.. talk about AMAZINGLY GOOD!  
 I also picked up a love mug.. which I thought was totally adorable. it's a mug in an oval shape... ideal for hugging the mug close to you with both hands as you enjoy your warm beverage on a cold night. The only downfall was that I thought that this place was pretty pricey. I think it's a nice place to go every now and then for a little splurge... or even just for dessert since they have so much to chose from.I recently went to this place on a trip after a local friend recommended it. It hit the spot for my chocolate craving. The restaurant was a fun experience and everyone was so friendly. Seems like a hot spot for tourists.Quick run down. It's Valentine's day, couldn't end the day without dessert, so we decided to come here, but then also ended up getting two appetizers :P Before I start on food, the place was darkly lit (don't know if it was because they tried to set a romantic ambiance or  if it's always like that).. I didn't really like how dark it was, but anywho, our waitress was nice and service was good. Place was interestingly decorated.
Onto food. For appetizers, we got the mac n' cheese (forgot the name) and then some chicken wings. it was one of the better mac'n'cheeses that i've had in a while. Elbow macaroni mixed with stringy, cheesy, melted goodness with bacon bits, diced tomatoes sprinkled on top, side of extra diced tomatoes and marinara sauce in a small beaker. The combination was really good. I liked the wings (charred/grilled taste to them, not like the typical fried wings that my bf prefers more of :P)  If only i remembered to take pictures. Then for dessert we got the euphoria peanut butter sundae of some sort. It was good, but definitely peanut butter sauce overload. Peanut butter chocolate ice cream, with bananas, dulce de leche ice creams, lots of peanut butter sauce, and whipped cream. I really wanted the ice cream but it was hard to find drenched in all that sweet sauce.
Overall, it was pretty good. but ummm, PRICEY. appetizers costs as much as entrees at other restaurants. (it was over $50 including tax&tip for our 2 appetizers, a dessert, and a soft drink).. but we might come back. 
oops. got carried away. sorry for the "quick run down"Fun atmosphere. And hmmm that smell of chocolate is so inviting. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Will definitely go back and recommend!!Will never come here during restaurant week EVER again. Service was AWFUL!!! I won't base my full opinion on this place today given that it's a "Philadelphia holiday" here in center city I.e. Restaurant week. However, you are still paying over $10 a glass of wine and the servers should still at least check on you when you've been sitting there for 20 minutes between courses with a dry wine glass. They could've probably easily sold me on one or 2 more glasses with double the tip if they had paid half attention to me. As far as the food, quinoa salad was delicious (although they won't "86" anything even if you have an allergy, although my vegetarian friend was offered special compliments...weird). When stated I was allergic to tomatoes they said we could suggest something else, except remove them, like seriously? ...salmon was  dry as a bone and they used the same 4 ingredients in all dishes offered. Boring. Dessert wasn't bad, but definitely did not highlight their best features, frankly they reminded me of a more dull melting pot. I had high hopes for this restaurant and probably won't be returning soon. Nicole, our server was nice at first until the order was placed and hadn't seen her unless we flagged her down the rest of the night. I don't think this place is worthy of spending your hard earned money to act like a crumb patron at Applebee's. Smh.I am disappointed to say that I will not be coming here again. I'm a local to Philly and have lived here for years and frequented Max Brenner's on multiple occasions. Though my last visit here on Monday of last week (1/15 around 4:15pm) was not a good experience, unfortunately. Upon getting there we were seated quickly which was great, though it took well over 10 minutes for our waitress to come over and give us menus or offer us drinks. After getting us both waters, she returned to the table asking us what we wanted to order. My friend and I were having trouble understanding how the restaurant week menu worked and needed clarification questions. I'm guessing our waitress expected us not to ask ANY questions in regards to what WE are paying for because she got very nasty with us. After I stated I was going to be going elsewhere due to her unpleasant attitude, she proceeded to snatch the menus from our hands and yell quite loudly as she was walking away, "okay leave, that's how the menus work everywhere in Philly!". Other people stopped eating around us and were looking as she was yelling, it was quite an embarrassing site to say the least. After this happened we simply left because I did not want to argue with her or make the conflict larger than it had to be. I meant to contact the restaurant later that night but got caught up and didn't get the chance to. I'm hoping she doesn't treat other potential customers who have questions in such a foul manner, to be honest I'd be furious had I brought my elderly mother or a close family member and received such treatment. I don't remember the young woman's name but she had blonde hair and thick framed glasses, I pray that other individuals don't have to deal with the mistreatment she directed onto us. Like I stated I have nothing against Max Brenner's and have frequented this spot for years, though I will not tolerate rude and bad service and felt that my experience should be shared.The dessert is where it's at although I would suggest only trying one per visit unless you're sharing. 
I was in from out of town so I splurged and tried the hot chocolate and a s'mores concoction. The hot chocolate was rich, creamy, and amazing. The concoction was a little overwhelming with its sweetness. The flavor of the sauces were distinct and nice but I couldn't exactly tell what was in the mug. I would try it again though, just with a friend. Presentation was also fantastic!I've been asking my boyfriend to come here for a while and I was overly excited when we finally went. It was a cute restaurant but what I noticed when I walked in was that it was toooo dark!! He calls me a granny but it took more effort to read the menu by the candle, which isn't exactly favorable. There was a mixed crowds of families, groups of friends and dates. I ordered the s'mores sundae, which was good for the first 5-7 bites but it was too rich. My boyfriend ordered the banana waffle dessert, which I also tried and we both agreed we wouldn't order that again. The waffle was room temperature and dense/cake-y. We were expecting warm, fluffy waffles to contrast the ice cream so we were kind of let down by that. Good thing I paid with a Groupon because I thought it was kind of pricey for what we got. Three stars for food presentation and service. I probably won't come back for a while. My expectations were too high. Good if you want to indulge but otherwise, Naked Chocolate is close by and way more affordable for a college student on a budget, looking for a treat (aka...GIANT frozen hot chocolate for $6).Full disclosure: I am currently in a severe food/diabetic coma, lying on my back in a combination of ecstasy and agony after eating dinner at Max Brenner's tonight. 
I'll begin with the service. Our waitress was excellent. I love a waiter or waitress who knows the menu and can make solid, informed recommendations. Ours did just that. She walked us through the voluminous menu and told us exactly what to get- and my friend and I were so happy that we did!
Our waitress recommended that we share an appetizer and then each have a dessert. My friend and I shared the crunchy mac-n-cheese, and oh wow, was it delicious. It has chunks of bacon in it, smooth, rich, creamy (but also stretchy) cheese, a tasty broiled top, and is served with marinara sauce and bitty diced tomatoes. Wow is this good! I am a mac-n-cheese fiend and this really hit the spot. Even my friend who doesn't really like mac-n-cheese loved this. We finished every scrap. We wanted to lick the cute little bowl and serving tray.
Then came the winners of the evening: the chocolate heart cakes. I had the Golden Heart, and I don't think I can fully express how freaking amazing it is in a PG-rated way. This cake brought me to a level of pleasure I never thought I could get to by chocolate alone. It came out on a big white plate covered with a bunch of little plates. There was the glass potion jar filled with caramel sauce (promptly poured onto my spoon three times and devoured), a little bowl of toffee bananas (meh, not my favorite), a teeny bowl of dulce de leche ice cream dotted with a splash of chocolate fondue (mmmm), and...drum roll...the chocolate heart cake. 
This cake. It is warm and brownie like, and you put your spoon into the side and open it, and it is filled with a gooey chocolate center, with a faint hint of caramel. It is gooey and mushy and creamy, but the cake shell still holds onto its fluffy-browny texture. I really am not a chocolate cake person but Max Brenner has changed my mind. My words are not doing this dish justice. Oh, and when you order it, don't be upset that it looks small. I have an appetite and I am not shy about eating, and I literally could not finish this.
And the best part- the meal was $50 with tip. Fabulous food, great service, and a reasonable price? Yes please! I will be going back for sure...especially because I saw someone eating a burger that looked simply epic. Can't wait 'til next time!I'm puzzled.
Maybe my lunch-mates and I would have had a different experience if we had ordered chocolate delights instead of lunch, but everything about my experience at Max Brenners was pretty bad, mediocre if I'm being generous.
Service - 20 minutes before a server acknowledged that we existed. It usually doesn't bother me to have a leisurely lunch but we were in a bit of a rush and the fact that she walked by several times without so much as a "I'll be right with you" was a turnoff to me.
Food - just bad. Breakfast potatoes were hard enough to be barely edible. Waffle cubano (reliving the regret as I type that) looked like something out of a '90s children's cookbook. In addition, everything had an odd chocolate, willy wonka taste to it that I didn't dock any stars for because I understand that it's their schtick but I found it off putting.
To top it all off, the place felt dirty and like it needed to be wiped down from top to bottom, and in an almost empty restaurant I was seated directly behind a very large gentleman who took up much more of the space between the tables than I did. The arrangement was not comfortable for either of us.
Maybe the hot chocolate is good, but then again so is Swiss miss.A good friend of mine loves this restaurant, and I was finally coerced into going. The waffle fries and onions rings were tasty and the milkshakes were delicious. The atmosphere however does not scream fine dining, fun, or classy. It was loud and the staff could have been better trained. For the items we ordered, I think Max Brenner's is just a tad overpriced for something so average. Nothing is outstanding or incredible. Over priced and very over-hyped. I enjoyed the food, but the price, atmosphere, and service left much to be desired.I was a little torn about whether to give a two- or three-star review.  I ended up opting for the two because when I thought about what a two means, I decided it encompassed my feelings about my visit here -- "Meh.  I've experienced better."  
I was a little leery going into the evening because of some of the other reviews I had read, but when my meal came, I was pleasantly surprised to really enjoy the food I ordered.  I had the B.A.L.T. (B, L, and T were the traditionals; the A stood for avocado) and thought it was a tasty and served nicely.  The waffle fries that accompanied the dish were hot and crispy as well.  Overall, I was pleased with this part of my meal.  My husband enjoyed the Mexican pizza he ordered as well.  I thought the portion was fair for the price as well.  It wasn't huge, but satisfying.  As far as the service went, I was pleased with the attentiveness of our server.  She was very efficient and friendly and kept our water well filled.  No complaints on those two fronts.
So why the two?  Well, for one, when we got there, despite having had a reservation for several weeks, our group of 8 adults was seated at a high-top table in the back of the restaurant.  The table was not only too small for 8 (it should hold six at most), but expecting people to sit at a cramped high-top table on bar stools for the length of a meal is a little ridiculous.  Just for drinks and desserts would be a more appropriate use of that table.  Furthermore, because we had no chair backs we ended up having to put our coats and purses on the floor.  Really annoying and kind of gross.  For the record, we tried draping the coats over our chairs but it made an already uncomfortable seating situation all the worse --- and more slippery/treacherous.
Also because the table was so crowded, when our meals came, our plates were pretty much all on top of one another.  We even had to figure out a place to stash the three dessert menus that were left on the table.  You can guess where they went -- on top of the coat pile on the floor.
The bathrooms were a joke as well.  Two single-stall bathrooms for a restaurant of that size was ridiculous.  We were seated near the bathroom and at times the line of people waiting snaked out of the bathroom hallway and into the restaurant itself.
Finally, dessert.  I was kind of expecting that barring anything else that wouldn't be up to par, that the desserts would be the saving grace.  I was wrong.  Given the price (each dessert was as much as an entree), our Banana Split Waffle was small.  I would even go so far as to say it was tiny.  It was not worth the $14.  Also, my husband and I agreed that the waffle was really quite dry.  I was expecting spectacular and what I received was anything but.  It was okay, just not worth the expense or the calories.This place is great! I've been here about 8 times. 8 out of 7 the services and staff was great! But for that once they deserves 3 star... there was not that many customers that day/time and all of the staff was busy talking to each other while I was trying to get their attention for a cup of water... and we asked for our bill and it took forever.. I mean forever... because they were busy talking... I mean I like the food and everything but seriously the staffs should pay more attention to the customers!Max Brenner's is a Philadelphia establishment charging New York City prices.  Everything is 30% more than it should be and while the food is certainly good the prices are by no means justified.
The place is know for its chocolate, and while competently executed, it is nowhere near the mecca of chocolate that it is billed to be.
Good place for lunch or dinner if price is no object but there are both places of better value and quality.So... I find myself downtown for St. Baldrick's Day (annual event to raise money to fight childhood cancers), and the bar where its located is too packed to grab a meal.  So the missus and I take a quick stroll north and find Max Brenner's.  A chocolatier who also serves food?  Let's give it a try...
The interior design can only be described as a cross between Willy Wonka's chocolate factory and the Milk Bar from "A Clockwork Orange".  Very, very odd, but kinda cool in a quirky way.  The aroma of chocolate was heavy in the air;  Not super-sweet, more of the "in processing" cocoa aroma, which is fine.
The food was very, very good.  As it was Friday during Lent, I had the Sandwich of the Seas, a salmon burger that was extremely well cooked and very tasty.  My wife had a mozzarella, basil, and tomato panini that was also very good.  The waffle fries that come with them, lightly dusted in cocoa powder no less, were extremely good.
The only downside was, oddly enough, at the end of the night.  While our server was pretty good overall, he gave my wife some bad advice on the Mexican Spiced Hot Cocoa... He said it was relatively mild and more of a sweet spice.  However, given I switched with her, I can say it definitely had more of a kick than that;  I enjoyed it, but I'm a chili head.
It was definitely worth the visit, if only for the quirky vibe.  The fact that the food at a chocolatier was as good as it was just made the visit even better.I love this place! Soooo decadent and delicious! They will also tailor your order to what you want. We shared the peanut butter chocolate sundae for two and it was still too big. The hot chocolate is to die for! A small cup is super filling!I'm so glad I finally got to try Max Brenner as all of my friends in the east coast rave about it! I have to admit the bald man intimidated me at first glance, but I realized he just wants us to obsess about chocolate. How not to fall in love with him??
My family and I came here for dessert only. The service was fantastic and I would like to thank our server for the wonderful experience!
I was thinking about skipping the drinks, but everyone was super thirsty by the time we got to the restaurant. I'm glad we didn't, because each of them tasted fantastic! All of the smoothie drinks came in the adorable MB "Alice" cup!
1. Orange Smoothie ($6.75): Fresh fruit smoothie with the perfect amount of cinnamon! This was probably my favorite!
2. Fruit Smoothie ($6.75): It's a blend of strawberry, mango, banana, and orange juice, but instead of using passion fruit as it says on the menu, the Max Brenner at Philly uses superfruit. It looked like a chocolate shake but was super refreshing.
3. Golden Latte ($6.75): One word...HONEY. The aroma of this fruit yogurt drink was perfect.
4. Yellow Granita ($3.50): This was my drink. It's a lemonade blended with fresh mint and ice--hands down the MOST refreshing drink I've had! Some might find it too sour, but I thought it was perfect! It ties with the Orange Smoothie!
MB has an amazing assortment of desserts. Their menu is divided into hot chocolates, cocktails and milkshakes, waffles, cake desserts, fondue, and ice cream.
1. Tutti Fruitti Waffles ($13.95): Belgian waffles with berries and a scoop of ice cream. Comes with the chocolatey goodness known as choco-pops, which are crunchy chocolate pearls!
2. Munchies Waffles ($13.95): The better waffle deal with TWO scoop of ice cream. 
3. The Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake & Shake ($14.25): To be honest, I should have gotten a waffle instead. The set comes with a chocolate lava cake (with white chocolate in the center), vanilla ice cream, and an iced milk chocolate shot. It did not come with berries as it was noted in the menu. The ice cream melted pretty quick next to the warm milk chocolate pot that's to be poured on the cake. The cake itself was pretty dry.
We came when it was 8 p.m., and they were all out of the I-Scream Bar Fondue. I should have went with a fondue instead. Can't complain too much, though. Our server was attentive and everything tasted great.My BF and I went here for Brunch today because I had purchased a Groupon a while back. Turns out the Groupon was only for Mon-Fri, which completely sucked since that is the reason why I decided to eat there to begin with.
I had the Mexi omelet which came with potatoes and a biscuit. The omelet was okay nothing special, but the biscuit was delicious! It was coated in sugar and they give you a side of melted milk chocolate to dip the biscuit in. Heavenly! I also had a chocolate espresso martini which was AMAZING!
My bf ordered a burger, which looked pretty good, but I don't eat meat so I don't know for sure. 
We had a chocolate chip cookie for dessert, which was pretty pricey at $5, but was definitely delicious. 
I wouldn't go back for the food but will definitely return for the dessert and martinis!I've only been here once and I didn't really enjoy it. I really want to like this restaurant so hopefully I'll be back, for a better experience.
We had a reservation, but they still made us wait around a half hour, for a table that seemed to be put together last minute and in the back of the restaurant where it was secluded from the rest of the restaurant (in a bad way).
The service was okay.. we had to ask twice for water, and when it came, it was in different cups cause I guess they ran out - the server made a joke and everything was smooth from then on, although a little slow. Maybe it was a busy night.
I had the salmon, but it was way too overcooked.. it was just dry. It was seriously a chore to finish it. My friend had a pasta dish that reminded me of Lean Cuisine.. it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't great. I heard that the spicy tuna sandwich was great, so hopefully I'll get to try it next time..
The frozen lemonade was great, but that was pretty much the only thing I liked, since I didn't get to try the dessert :(.Feels like a tourist attraction. I would only go for desert and even then there are way better places nearby. The deserts are WAY over the top and although very good are enough for three people to share. A good place to go if your feeling low and need a big indulgence. I wouldn't suggest going there for regular food. Service was not great.The food is amazing! I would highly recommend the Banana Split Waffles and the Mushroom and Smoked Mozzarella Mac&Cheese. Also, the waffle fries are the best I've had. Great food! I recommend getting a reservation, especially for the weekend. If you haven't stopped by, I'd definitely check it out.Really creative uses of chocolate throughout the menu. The cocktail list highlights drinks that use chocolate or cocoa in some way in many cases and the hot chocolate menu is unique. The food was good and the restaurant very entertaining in decor. It's worth a visit to experience their take on chocolate as something other than dessert.I took my 10 year old here on a Saturday in town. Place was packed, but we were seated right away. And then we waited 10 minutes to place our order. OK, it's busy. My daughter had Toffee Hot Chocolate and I had the Criollo (milk chocolate cream and peppermint schnapps). We waited about fifteen minutes for our drinks.I'd have thought these drinks would not have been so hard to make being it's a chocolate restaurant and all. 
Anyway. The hot chocolate comes in a "Hug A Mug" You wrap your hands around it and sip from the front. However, it was so hot that my daughter could not do this and used her spoon to eat it like soup. I wish my tepid drink could have had some of that heat. 
We also ordered the Urban S'Mores. It consist of of a little ramekin of peanut butter, one of jelly, a bowl of marshmallows and a little beaker of melted chocolate. They bring along a little Sterno heater for you to "roast your marshmallows". How long do you think it would take to prep all this? Five minutes if you move slow? 15 if you are super slammed? It took us 25 minutes to have this served to us. 
Considering how long we waited for everything I was none too happy with the bill. Had the service moved faster I would not have thought twice about it. And now that I see they have a kids menu, that was never offered to us, I really feel ripped off.Really cool, great menu and very tasty food.  We wandered into this place one afternoon looking for lunch.  What a cool place, and what's better than a restaurant that's also a chocolate store??
chili chocolate dusted waffle fries are a MUST.
Worth a stop in, most anything on the menu is tasty, and the prices are really reasonable for a Center City eatery.Made a reservation for my 17 year old daughter and 4 of her friends  on Sunday night at 8:00 PM and they didn't get seated till 9:30. They UBER down from the main line.  Spoke to the manager no less than 3 times he explained to me that he had a big party that stayed to long. That is not good management of the flow of tables, the party should have been asked to leave. The finally comp. the bill after I complained enough.Max brenner used to be a huge treat for my husband and I to go to after a meal and get dessert. To be honest, the quality in the last 6 or 7 years has really gone downhill. Not just in Philly but in NYC. They cut a bunch of corners and now the novelty has worn off and it's just no longer appealing. I'd prefer to go to a different restaurant that has a good dessert because the service, and overall experience, doesn't live up anymore. The food quality has also changed as well.A quick perusal of Max Brenner's Yelp reviews did not excite me to check it out. A friend advocated the grub and desserts here, but I remained pessimistic given its frequent comparisons to the Cheesecake Factory and its ilk. Fortunately, Max Brenner exceeded my admittedly low expectations. In fact, the dinner wait during peak Saturday hours was a measly five minutes for a 2-top. 
Drinks here run rather pricey, more than $10 per. Though my triple berry margarita refreshed the palette adequately, I still reel from the sticker shock. As a main, I opted for the cheesesteak waffle. This rendition of the Philly tourist classic left a good impression. Robustly beefy chopped sirloin, fried onion straws, a superbly tangy cheese sauce, and a crispy yet fluffy waffle replaced the requisite ingredients of the iconic sandwich. The concoction was too messy to eat with hands but was unique and rather tasty. My companion's more basic chicken dish, though very simple, similarly tasted pretty decent. The chicken possessed a nice sear, and the accompanying fingerling potatoes remained creamy.
Of course, the gimmick here resides with chocolaty desserts. To that end, we ordered the churros with dark chocolate dipping sauce. At $12, the portion appeared rather scant. Fried dough covered in sugar is rather hard to mess up, however, and so the dessert succeeded. Not the best churros I've eaten, but serviceable.
All told, I previously knew of this place as a dessert haven for chocoholics whose fare was not fit for the more food-oriented. While this meal certainly didn't rank among the best I've had in Philly, the food tasted surprisingly good and the portions were ample. The next time someone suggests Max Brenner's for a meal I won't be ecstatic, but at least I won't cringe.Everything I tried was excellent.  I had a sampling from the sliders and happy hour menu.  The mango drink and the mexican chocolate martini are both delicious.
The pulled pork is awesome.
The staff was friendly.
Down one star, the prices are a bit high, but the quality is also."Chocolate is the substitute for love and will always be there for you" my menu told me. My inner fat kid wanted to hug the menu. 
I sat at the bar and ordered an Italian Thick Dark Hot Chocolate. My friend got the regular Dark Hot Chocolate, but asked if it came with a marshmallow on top like in the picture. The guy behind the counter told her not normally, but he'd get one for her. He came back with our drinks and actually gave her two marshmallows because they were smaller than the photo.. totally won points. 
The staff, or at least our server, really knows their chocolate. He seemed genuinely happy to recount his favorites and to give suggestions. (I guess its not hard to like your job when it involves delicious treats)
The hot chocolate comes in these cute little "hug mugs" that you have to sort of cradle to drink out of. A simple and adorable little touch. Not to mention, the drink itself hit the spot.
The rest of the menu looks fantastic, albeit sort of expensive. But I have no issue paying for higher-end chocolate.
They also have a Patron happy hour with $5 mixed drinks that I really need to try. 
If you need stocking stuffers, or random presents, the restaurant's shop to the right of the entrance is worth looking at. They've got treats, gift baskets, hot chocolate with mugs, and other options.I signed up for Yelp to write this review. We were told enthusiastically over the phone that they had chocolate lava cake; strike 1, that was a lie. Everything seems to cost twice what it should, which only made us more excited for how good it would be. I ordered a coffee while I waited, which was served cold, and eventually replaced with hot, watery "coffee". We finally received our "lava" cake, only to discover that it was just a normal chocolate cake with a miniature scoop of ice cream, and more to the point it was the worst chocolate cake I've ever had, dry and bitter. The strange watery ganache they gave us added nothing.Cool place to grab a pretty unique dessert it is pricey though so keep that in mind.  Portions are on the small range so I would not suggest sharing.The main ingredient of this place is Chocolate , so expect most of the menu to include chocolate. We visited this place on Friday, it was pretty packed. There is a parking garage right next to the place. I tried the chocolate martini and the White Russian. The food was good and the service was good too. We had fondue of course and we had a good time there.Food: 4
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 3.5
Service: 3
Value: 3.5
Different kind of experience in a chocolate themed restaurant. Surprisingly, the best part were the french fries.The food was delicious and totally worth the price. I had a club sandwich which came with the waffle fries dusted in cocoa & chili powder. Dip those in the chipotle mayo that comes with it... yum yum yum. When we finally got to desert, I was ready for some chocolate. I ordered a chocolate & peanut butter something but let me tell you... by the end of that I was chocolated ooout. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious. But I must say the desserts are very expensive for what they give you. Definitely nice for a date.
The service though is not very attentive. Our waitress only visited our table once & didn't even refill our drinks. Tisk tisk!The food here is great, make sure you get something with their chocolate!  We got milkshakes with our lunch, but we'll definitely be making a special trip just for dessert.  I took a star off because i wasn't a huge fan of the atmosphere... loud, cramped,  and not enough booths. The tasty meal certainly made up for that though.disclaimer: have only been here once. for breakfast. was ok. nice. good service. chill. breakfast wasn't special or exceptional. actually lacked some flavor. had the skillet egg item. not sure if the simplicity was my fault for ordering or their fault for serving. everyone seems to love it so i am definitely going to try it again for lunch or dinner next time I'm in Philly.Had a reservation, our table was ready. Made some changes to their dishes for picky children. Everyone loves their entree and of course dessert. Server was very attentive and food somewhat slow but worth the wait. Grilled pineapple salad was delicious and chocolate cherry waffles are amazing.LOVE MAX BRENNER!
I always get the Brenner Burger just for the sauce that comes with the french fries. It is more than filling and very delicious.  As for the dessert, we usually get the fondu for two, which definitely feeds more than two. We love coming to Max Brenners for birthdays, pick me up dinners, or just for a good meal.The dessert will be some of the best you have ever eaten.  I love coming to this place after a phillies game for the S'mores concoction and some chocolate themed drinks. The s'mores is amazing and the dessert helps me eat bananas, which is something I'm not too fond of.  
We've always had an issue with a full meal.  Either the order was taken wrong or the food just not tasting great.  I'm willing to pay more for the dessert and drinks, but I feel ripped off getting an entree.Their chocolate pizzas, crepes and drinks are the best. The chicken cheesesteak waffle sandwich is DELICIOUS. The fries were good but a little oily.AMAZING place to eat or stop in for desert. It is ALL based of Chocolate recipes. You can get Adult Chocolate Milk in a ceramic cup with a metal straw that says "Drink Me" like Alice in Wonderland. The restaurant looks like a Chocolate Factory. The prices are high though but for the food you get and chocolate confections its so worth it.  They do cater to Theater goers so on weekend nights it can get pretty busy so make reservations.Right when you walk through the doors you're immediately hit with a ravishing chocolate smell and it only gets better from there. After we were seated we were promptly greeted by our server and felt welcome right away. Casey H. was prompt, attentive, and very friendly all while seeming to be extremely busy. Getting a dessert here to finish the night is a must as everything looks absolutely great. We'll definitely be returning soonBathroom were atrocious. Food experience was ok. Place was too loud you couldn't have a conversation with someone across table. Desserts too expensiveA bit expensive, nice place to have a desert. Lots of varieties to try. They aren't good for a take out and avoid it if you cannot get parking.This a fun experience restaurant! We have fine her several times.  My kids love going here and it is family friendly. Kids meals are better than average. Haven't had anything off the menu we didn't like but not a ton of variety for entrees. Mac and cheese is outstanding as well as cheese steak waffle. The star is definitely the chocolate and desserts. It would get 5 stars but service can be a little slow and splochy sometimes. Also, wish menu would change more after eating here a few times there's not much appeal. It's a great time however if your just looking for fun and different but doesn't hold up as a go to restaurant for ua.Loved this place!  Went with a friend one evening for dessert.  We enjoyed some yummy chocolate fondue and hot chocolate.  I had the dark chocolate Italian hot chocolate and it was so rich and good!  Not something to drink everyday, but definitely a nice treat!  I enjoyed the atmosphere of this place too.  I will definitely be going back!Amazing. You got to love chocolate in all forms to like this place. I fell in love with it. I went there twice and both the times had a great experience. 
Me and my boyfriend ordered cappuccino with Frangelico shot. It was perfect... came in a Kangaroo cup with chocolate pieces on side melting and making its way slowly into the spiked up coffee. The kick it gives you is instant and euphoric.
The other thing I loved in all its entity was Red Heart. It is an experience for all five sense. Sensual, not too sweet, not too gooey, just perfect combination of lava cake with raspberry filling, vanilla icecream with chocolate topping and side of raspberry sauce and yogurt. 
If you like molten cakes this is to die for. 
Oh! I love this place. Maybe because good chocolate reminds me of falling in love and sweet love-making =)Compared to the chaos of the Union Square Max Brenner's in New York, the new Philly edition is like a peaceful chocolatey oasis. The dessert menu is creative and expansive, and the chocolate is just delicious. I have to stop myself from going in and drinking one of their chocolate-peanut butter shakes (in a cutesy special glass, of course) every time I walk by. 
The truffles and layered dessert-in-a-jar are also luscious and awesome - I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with dessert there. We sat at the bar and got plenty of attention from a bright, friendly bartender. The gift shop has chocolate items from truffles to bath products, a good place to pick up little gifts for a hostess or whoever.
I'm OK with the "corporate chocolate factory" decor, but flies buzzing around the piles of loose chocolate powder kind of ruined the effect.Awesome awesome awesome . I loved it . I was chocolate wasted hahah. The food was great and so was my chocolate martini even tho it came in a weird glass. I'd definitely go again. Pricey but worth it .The free sample that you get when you "check in" on Yelp is what they give to everyone walking by. Nothing special. This place is interesting. Not a place for good dinners, but more for like desserts. The burgers are average but overpriced!Hot chocolate was good but I was expecting much better. Maybe I'm just a complainer but for a tiny $6 cup of hot chocolate it better be the best I've ever had... And it wasn't. Disappointing. Still looking for the best hot chocolate in the city, if you have recommendations, feel free to let me know.I love Max Brenner merely because its everything sweet, chocolate and yummy...whats bad for you usually tastes good. 
BUT this location drove me nuts with their KOST 103.5 love songs GALORE. I felt like I was on the worst date ever. Please change this up. Are you listening? Are you mad at me? Are we breaking up?This was awesome. Do not get tricked into the fondue, order the hot chocolate! Holy cow it was amazing liquid gold fulfilling every chocolate craving I had for the month. We also had the most enthusiastic waiter at the bar that wanted to tell us what to order including skipping straight to the dessert menu; I liked that. My table also ordered the mac and cheese and the BALT and both were excellent. The decor at this place is worth walking into if you're stopping by too- very fun!Pretty pricey, but the food was delicious, and there were big servings, so you could easily split any entre, milkshake or dessert item.This place was awesome, I went back in November before I moved to Ga, and sure wished I had went sooner. I started with a green tea diffuser, then had to have dessert first which consisted up a mini milk shake, molten cake, and some delicious sauce on the side. . (All chocolate of course)  Mm I finished with the mac n cheese with chicken and bacon. Wow was I impressed, best mac n cheese I ever had... (sorry gmom). The customer service was great and the restaurant had the greatest chocolate ambiance and store with lots of goodies to feed the fat kid in you.. Def will eat here again..I need to come back here, asap. The chocolate drinks, the crepes, the smore dessert..everything was fabulous beyond words. Most importantly though the place was unique. You will find things on the menu that you have never even come close to trying. The loud noise level and the and crowded closed in spaces were a bit of a turnoff in the beginning but once we got the great food none of that mattered anymore! If you want a quality date spot to impress without being too fancy, come here! (Hint: Great for Valentines Day). It's all about the chocolate! :)This place is kind of like Cheesecake Factory, but propped up on chocolate desserts and an extra $ on the price tag. Entrees were just OK. Desserts were rich.I came here once before to try the dessert and it was not worth it. First time coming here, I got the Tutti Fruitti Waffles and the waffles tasted stale $13.95. The Melting Chocolate Truffle heart cake was misleading.... I was expecting a lava chocolate cake $14.50 since the picture made it look like chocolate cake look moist and melty. False.... Pictures are deceiving because the cake was so dry that it was difficult to swallow. Won't be getting these ever again.
I heard their dinner were pretty good so I gave it another chance. The cocoa powder / Thai flavoring of the waffle fries $7.29 were delcious. Wish the portions were bigger though. The Thai style chicken satay $10.99was average, nothing special about it. These were only appetizers and I thought it was pricey for their size. I really wanted to try the Creamy spinach and artichoke fondue $12.79 except I was really craving for some dessert(ice cream) that day so I saved room because I also ordered the mushroom and smoked mozzarella Mac and cheese $15.79. Don't let the pictures fool you because the portions were smaller than it actually look. It was pretty satisfying though, prob not enough to share if I didn't order the two appetizers. A must try would have to be their milkshakes, the chocolate hazelnut milkshake $7.95 was A M A Z I N G !!! I would get it again in a heartbeat. Dun dun dun dun........ Let's give the dessert one more try. I wanted the Eskimo I-Scream experience $10.95 and they ran out of vanilla ice cream, chocolate ice cream would be too sweet so nope.......  Ended up getting the Banana Hazelnut Crepe$13.95 and boy did I regret not getting the artichoke dip. The crepe tasted really salty for me so it was not appetizing at all. The ice cream portion was not satisfying at all..... For an entire crepe and they gave me less than a scoop of ice cream. Why give so little when the store is already charging so much??  For being famous of their dessert, this place is a disappointment
If I had to recommend anything, I would suggest the 
1. Chocolate Hazelnut Milkshake 
2.Waffle Fries and 
3.Mac n cheese 
For anything else that you get ends up being good, you probably got lucky that day. I give this restaurant 2 stars. One star for the food that I actually enjoyed and another star for he overly friendly server that served us.  Did I mention how I bought three tiny boxes of chocolate as gifts back in California for $35dollars?? This restaurant is not worth unless you like wasting money but If you're a die hard chocolate fan, this might be the place for you.Expectations? Kinda met. Not fully what I expected more like it. Maybe I thought this place was considered "classier" but it was about the same atmosphere as a Cheesecake Factory. Definitely not what I consider a date environment. More of a place to take kids/teens. The restaurant was full of them. 
We only did dessert and honestly the best part was the milkshake. We went with the waiters suggestion and got the "baked cookie dream". Honestly I didn't care for it at all. I thought it was very salty. Mainly just ate the ice cream off. The dessert pizza was reported good and looked good, but after the milkshake and a few bites of the cookie, there was no way I was eating anything else sweet. 
Service was attentive, our waiter was very cute and personable. He did a little treat for my birthday. 
I'm not running back, nor am I walking. Ill consider this place again, but for $80 for 3 desserts I want to be wowed. I felt a bit embarrassed for picking this place, my friends didn't seem wowed either.So where to begin with this place? After having a delightful dinner at Jones my fiance and I decided to check out Max Brenner. When we walked in we could notice that it was a tiny bit crowded and there were plenty of open tables, but it took the hostess a little bit to find the right table for "us". We were seated along the outer rim of the center of the place. It took around ten minutes for our waiter to even acknowledge us. At that point he said that he would be back in a second, which turned out to be another five minutes. When he finally came back he did the regular restaurant thing when they ask if you have ever been there before. We said no and he went into a whole thing about how we should spend more time on the dessert menu then the other one, and then took our drink orders, a water and a peach ice tea. He left before we could tell him that we were ready to order. After another five minutes of getting our drinks he was back and ready to take our order. We got the fondue trio for two, which came out almost immediately. The portions on this dessert are down right lousy. we had maybe half a banana chopped up with three strawberries, and in the other bowl four pieces of banana bread and four marshmallows. Needless to say this was not enough for two people. The "fondue" dipping chocolates were good but when we had run out of dippers we were let with three things of chocolate that were not even a quarter finished. We waited for the waiter to come back to ask about getting a refill on the dippers because for $21.99 we should get some free refills to eat the chocolate we paid for. When after watching our waiter go to every table but ours I went to the manager who informed me that they do not give free refills of the dippers and that it would be four dollars for a refill. It would have taken maybe four more refills to fully get the chocolate fix. Anyway, at that point I just asked the manager for the check. Our waiter finally brought the check, we paid and left.
Long story short:
TOO EXPENSIVE
WORST SERVICE I HAVE HAD IN PHILADELPHIAEh, sorry but I'd say overrated.  The bartender (female) was excellent and very helpful, with great service.  The Greek Salad w/ chicken was good, but a little overdressed; I should have asked for it on the side as I normally do. I liked the lime vinegrette, but not really Greek in flavor-a little sweet.  I saved calories for desert but it just wasn't worth it...  I ordered the Euphoria sundae, and they were accommodating by removing some toppings:  I love dark chocolate and peanut butter, but I asked for them to eliminate the bananas and hazelnuts to reduce the "stuff" on it.  However, there was still too much on top of the ice cream (Choco p-butter AND dulce de leche) including lots of chocolate chunks, cookie pieces and peanuts along with the whipped cream - for a restaurant featuring chocolate, I feel they lost focus.  I would have enjoyed it much better w/ just chocolate ice cream and their yummy warm peanut butter sauce (yes that & chocolate sauce was on the side too).  I only ate about 1/3 of the desert.  Next time, just a chocolate shake or something simple.Had a short 15min wait after our reservation time. A little crowded, but expected on a Sat night. While we hung around the shop in the front, the hostess came around with chocolate samples and even a chocolate martini sample. Service was on point, waitress was attentive and food delivery was timely. We only got dessert, but it was amazing. Can't wait to come back and try the dinner menu.