Why is everyone so disgusted?  The Mayfair Diner is one of my favorite places in the world.  Maybe it's because I grew up two blocks away.  Maybe it's because I spent many sleepless nights in the back pouring 40s into water glasses with my friends.  Maybe it's because of the cute waitresses in their pink dresses that have served me as well as my uncle when he was MY age.  I still giggle about my teenage encounters with creepy, wasted, neasty (as in NE-asty) men...about that time a cop followed us home in his cop car only to sit on my porch swing and give me his phone number...about throwing sugar packets on the floor and telling old men they've dropped their name tags...about that time this dude introduced me to his blowup girlfriend named sally and proceeded to whip out his penis.
The only thing bad about this place is the food.  Pricey and gross.  Just order fries and people watch in the middle of the night.  Won't hurt your wallet or your stomach.  I'm sure you'll be left with a story to tell.
Update: Obama stopped here while making his rounds.  I think it's a historical landmark or something.  Michael's bought it so the food is pricier and the waitresses no longer wear the pink dresses.  :(  Little more corporate and just not the same.I would not bother going.  The food was served cold and the service is extremely slow, you practically have to beg for a coffee refill.  It is unfortunate because the venue is really cool, a classic vintage diner.A slice of the NE. 
Menu was extensive and food was OK.I really don't see where all the negativity comes from - it's a diner!
The menu is huge, the food is fresh and wholesome, the soups are home made, the pies are good, the service is adequate, and the prices are fair. It's not the greatest 5 star restaurant in the city, but as diners go the place is clean, quick, and reasonable.It's an old diner and has all the classics and great prices.  I don't live nearby but I love to drive here on quiet Sunday mornings and get a good cheap breakfast and a great cup of coffee.  Their breakfast specials are a good deal because they come with coffee AND juice included.A Philly favorite. Barack Obama came here during his campaign!This place is just ok....  service is questionable. ....the food is ok.....what else is there to say......they have the location. ....The chicken was served raw and was slimy, the bread was moldy, and half the orders came out wrong. The waitress never came back, we had to call her over. She offered nothing beyond, "Ohhh, I'm sorry. Let me take that back." There was only one other table occupied, so it wasn't like they were being rushed.Great place for breakfast.  One of my favorites in the area.  Typical old-school style diner.My parents grew up in Holmesburg. So when I was a child we always went to the Mayfair Diner if we were visiting my grandparents. I was feeling nostalgic and went back to visit.
I couldn't have been happier. I thought the food was delicious. My husband and I both had a half a chicken dinner. It included a salad and two sides and dessert. The mashed potatoes were good and the rice pudding fabulous. The waitress was friendly. 
The diner actually looked better to me than I remember from the 70's. It was brighter and cleaner. I read a lot of bad reviews but for me I had a very positive experience. It was good to go back.It's a decent diner. Good service and good food. My favorite is the Mayfair Burger with no bacon and raspberry iced tea. Parking is okay, it's Frankford Ave afterall. This is also a good spot for breakfast. The pancakes are very good. This is a great place to come to on a Sunday morning with your family.French onion soup, chicken parm, cranberry walnut salad and a lot of other things taste real good. I finally found a diner where the food really is that good. 
Your friend,
The tasterMy wife & I stopped in here not that long ago to get a bite to eat to soak up the booze we had in our system. Hadn't been here in quite a while, even though we live not a minute away. Now I remember why. It was kinda late, & there was really nobody in here. They really should call this place "Home of the world's smallest cheesteak". I mean, I know I'm a big eater, but literally, it was gone in 2 bites. And the service is VERRRYY SSLLOOOWWW!!! Another case of "Don't believe the hype"!! Way better options than this place. I know I won't be back, 1/2 a jag on or not.LOVE their tuna melt; it's the BEST I've ever tasted.The waitress was terrible. So careless. Didn't bring us some of the things ordered. We didn't eat much of the food. The fresh toast was hard as a rock. Pancakes were bland. Eggs weren't cooked properly.small sandwhich and not so fresh fries for me ; my two other dinner companions loved the flounder w/two sides / ice cream and the big ! serving of meatliaf and mashed potatoes. .looked good ...
the soup was really good as well...minestrone  ..the waitress said it was home made...maybe but still good...
worse decaf coffee EVER...sent it back.brutalI grabbed a big breakfast here to start my day off on the right foot and was not disappointed! The hostess was friendly, atmosphere was quiet and clean, and service was nearly spectacular. 
Food-wise, everything I had was above average. Their banana pancakes were stuffed with nanners, and scrambled egg-whites, along with homefries wit onions, were worth ordering again. Coffee was well portioned in a large mug... I've noticed some diners skimp here, which makes constantly asking for a refill taxing, and at times, costly. 
With this diner in such close vicinity to the Red Robin diner just a few blocks down, there is no need to visit RR, which lies well below the quality you'll receive here.Great place me and my family go there every Sunday and have Breakfast its a lil crowded but the food is awesome and reasonable pricing would def recommendedHas really gone downhill. Food was really terrible and the portions were small. They are living off their longevity. Everything was greasy ...not diner food greasy just plain greasy...and how do you screw up chipped beef??? It was like a blob of kindergarten glue with specks of meat. I've had thinner mashed potatoes. .
Very sad to see this happen.Tried this place a few times and honestly can't see what the big deal is. Nothing stands out on the menu for me. Food is just ok. But don't let that stop you. Visit and see for yourself.I don't know whats up with the diner these days...last night my niece and I stopped there for dinner and it was horrible,we sent it back and the second time around was just as bad...this isn't the first time it happened,I don't think we will be going back to this diner again...it use to be really good,don't know if they got a new cook or what but I am disappointed because it is right down the street from my house,it was great go to a diner near your home,our waitress was a middle aged woman but couldn't stand still,she was jumping around,making us feel uncomfortable...so sadUnfortunately my first bad experience in a while. Sausage not cooked pink in the middle. Home fries dried out. Who should ask if you want more coffee. ? Will go back maybe they were out boozing last night.My cousin came to this diner and there was a roach that ran across her plate.. Kinda gross and I haven't been there sinceI really love this place. Its my favorite diner thats in walking distance of my house. 
I love it more for the feel it gives off and people that work at this place. The food is of your standard diner quality and thats perfectly fine. You get what you pay for here. I will say though that their chocolate milkshakes are scrumptious, I get one every time I go! 
Its clean, fun and a great place you can go to at any time you want.My waitress was attentive and nice 
That's why I gave two stars at all..
But I had hair in my oatmeal. Ew.
Also They have a special here during the wk until 11. 
you know the early bird.
I saw this when I sat down at 1048. 
I said cool we can get that still.
So I thought..
Until I got my check anyway,
I explained to the very obnoxious lady in the front it was wrong she said 
Look here it says 11:03 on your check you no get this now 
I said haha right but clearly I was here before 11:03 
She basically took the oatmeal and coffee off -the coffee was supposed to come with it btw and didn't change the price of the meal. 
It should have been like 4 dollars cheaper, but at that point I was just over it.
I payed and left but I will never return.Yesterday my niece and I along with her 4 yr old son went there for an early lunch and was surprised at so many mistakes our waitress made...I was suppose to get soup with my meal and never got it and when I asked her about it she said oh,you never did get it so she packed me a cup of soup to take home...my 4 yr old great nephew wanted tuna on white bread instead she brought tuna on rye and then I had ordered food to go and when she gave me my bag she later came by to give me something else that she forgot to pack with my bag and I was mad because what if I came all the way home and found out she forgot somethng and I would've had to go back to get it,she was suppose to put my order in to go when I was almost done my meal but I think she put it in at the same time we ate because when I got home,gave my son his food,he said it was all cold and I only live right down the street from the diner...was really disappointed with the diner yesterday....Family has been going here since before I was born.
I've been going here consistently since August 2012.
Consistent, stellar service, even on busy days.  Always clean, friendly staff.
Food is well priced, high quality, and good portions.  
I recommend it to all my friends and family when they're in the area.Our go to place for a meal with or without our kids. Nothing incredible here but the staff is friendly and the food never disappoints. Good neighborhood place.I just enjoyed a wonderful breakfast at the mayfair diner with an old school pal. I had a bacon and cheese omelette with their wonderful hash browns and rye toast.  Also enjoyed a great cup of coffee. out of all the diners that I have breakfast, I have to say that they make the best cup of coffee. The waitresses are very friendly they always accommodate any special request and I might have. I really like that they do have a parking lot for their customers.Whenever i am in this area, i can drive south on frankford avenue & get within 500 ft of the diner, whatever they are cooking always smells good & i just gotta stop ( no joke ) Never a bad meal. So much better than the Dining Car up the street.
My dad had a construction company that was nearby and i ate here every weekend morning. He met with crews & bought them breakfast. So i have eaten just about every staple on the menu. And even now still enjoy the atmosphere & the quality of the food.
It's good to know that quality things hang on !!We had dinner here last night. Never a ate a bad meal at the Mayfair Diner. Food was good, old school comfort food. We all shared mozzarella sticks that were tasty. I had the turkey dinner with mashed potatoes and stuffing- turkey was delicious with good gravy. Stuffing was ok kind of sweet and had raisins in it. (Not a fan of surprise raisins). One of my guests had a mushroom cheese steak with fries that was very good. My other dinner companion had a hot roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables- the meat was good but the gravy soaked bread was awful. Gravy tasted like a powder mix and was blah. Both of us had the mashed potatoes and sadly the mashed potatoes tasted weird. Like the frozen garlic herb ones which I think they were. Service was friendly but inconsistent. After our table was cleared and check paid we were talking and a then a roach fell from the ceiling onto our table. I was appalled. Staff was at cash register as their were no other customers no one asked us what was wrong. We just left. I can get past frozen taters and bad gravy but not bugs.I used to love this diner. I mean really, I'd walk two miles in the rain to this diner. It was divinely retro, waitresses were sweet as pie, the food was incredible. As of last week, this all changed. I cannot even see myself going there again. They recently remodeled and changed the menu. I can deal with the remodel (though they lost all of the retro charm) but the menu is atrocious. When I go to a diner, I expect diner food. What happened to grilled cheese and burgers? Furthermore, they used to have the best mozzerella sticks in town, seriously. I used to take everyone I knew there for their mozzerella sticks. They were huge and deliciously battered and they gave you a large portion. I went just last week to find that they changed the batter and only give you 4 very tiny sticks for the very same price. The fries too! They used to be out of this world. Now I find them to be just lackluster. The menu is filled with this wanna be gourmet nonsense (grown up mac and cheese with shrimp? what? why do you have bruschetta as an appetizer? this is not the Olive Garden)....and the plates are pretty sparse (just like a fancy gourmet restaurant or a trying to be fancy family chain). Well listen Mayfair Diner, I think your changes have destroyed your establishment. I spent way too much money on food I didn't even want, I wanted delicious diner food...not faux gourmet garbage.Went here for breakfast.  I liked what I had: French toast and Scrapple.  Maybe the scrapple could have been a little crispier on te inside, but it was a good breakfast.  My one brother had the eggs bennie and my other brother has the creamed chipped beef on toast.  They both looked quite good.  I was able to score some bacon from my nephew, who eats like a mouse.  Bacon was crispy and tasty.
The quaintness of eating in a real 1950's style dining-car style eatery (and not an ersatz Silver Diner) was a plus.  I miss diner food.  You can't get it in Virginia Beach.  But you can't get anything in Virginia Beach, unless it's McDonalds or Subway.Passable food; nothing exciting. I had the turkey burger with fries, and my date had eggs, bacon and hash browns. He wasn't thrilled with the hash browns and barely touched them. The coffee was good. We ended up staying there for 4 hours because we were so caught up in our conversation, and nobody tried to kick us out, which was great!!
During our time, one waitress dropped a cup that broke all over the floor. A little later, another waitress spilled a huge stack of plastic cups. I don't know if maybe there was some weird electro magnetic energy that day, or what.  The staff was very nice, but I doubt i'll go back there.went there for some caramel walnut apple pie, it was excellent, The pie was amazing served warm and ala mode with a sccop of vanilla ice cream. Staff was attentive and accomodating although it was early in tbe am. i will have to come back for breakfast service to see if its any good.Went there for the early bird special (whoa, I'm getting old) while I waited for my car to get fixed at my favorite mechanic across the street. I got the chicken croquettes (two large cones of crispy chicken load over mashed potatoes and topped with gravy). It was the special, so French soup, fried egglplant, and cole slaw accompanied (those were my choices of soup and two veggies). 
I was quite satisfied at the end of the meal, especially because it was $9. The cranberry sauce needs work, couldn't get through my small taste of it (too many cranberry skins) and I didn't bother eating the cole slaw, mainly because I was full.
Great attentive service. Ate alone. Wish it had Wifi.This place is so disappointing the food is not the best and at my last visit I found a bug in my soup and the  .  Mangers responds was this never happens I am sorry...you can have a free desert. ..really!!! I WILL NEVER GO BACK THERECrappiest diner I have ever went to in Philly.  I have been to a lot of diners in Philly.
Their menu sucks, their food is mediocre at best, and their service is awful.  My husband & I went once, and after ordering our sodas, our waitress sat at a booth with some lady & had a chat for about 20 minutes.  We left $5 on the table for our sodas and left.  Pretty ridiculous.
Travel a little further up Frankford Ave. and visit the Dining Car.Don't recommend if you wanna call ahead for take out because you still have to wait an extra half hour when you get there. Which honestly doesn't make any sense what's the point of calling ahead. Especially when you only order ONE THING. Pretty ridiculous if you ask me. This has not happened just once I gave them multiple chances since it's walking distance from my house and the foods not bad. But call 2 hours ahead if want to pick up lol...This diner is pricey for terrible service and mediocre food. We tried them for dinner first and decided to give them a second chance on breakfast. Greek salad at dinner came with browning lettuce and was missing the grape leaves as advertised. When I requested them the waitress came back 10 minutes later with them saying the cook did not put them on because he had to get them out of the walk-in and was too lazy to do so. The meatloaf was terrible and had a very weird, off-tasting gravy. So when we went back for breakfast, thinking, how can you screw up breakfast. Our over- easy eggs came out over hard and we sent them back because . . . Gross. The waitress said, "Oh, I don't eat eggs so I would not know."  Now I ask you, how do you serve food to customers and have no idea what it should look like. The hash browns were barely cooked. We will definitely not eat at this diner again.I had a great Reuben and fries and my coworker had the broiled crab cake meal and she enjoyed it as well. 
Can't wait to get back to try other things.went there for some caramel walnut apple pie, it was excellentt, its was amazing served warm and ala mode with a sccop of vanilla icecream. Staff was attentive and accomodating although it was early in tbe am. i will have to come back for breakfast service.Just wanted to update my review..me and my date went back there recently and OMG. THE MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP MILKSHAKE WAS AMAZING.
I was on a milkshake kick for a while. Even having them delivered to my house. That's how bad my addiction was getting. So, the 2nd time we went here, the food on the menu wasn't rocking my boat, but that shake addiction kicked in, and I had to order one.
It was super delicious!! 
Plus, they gave me the extra in a separate glass.
mmmmmmmmm
My milkshake addiction has waned as the weather's getting colder, but next time it kicks in..I'll be back!
Also, the waitress was really fun and asked me a lot of personal questions, which I didn't mind. I like friendly servers :)This is my weekly Diner place, and probably one of my favorite so far. Great services, friendly place. Mayfair Diner is definitely my recommendationHad all the diner features I was looking for: quick service, endless coffee, decent food, booth with window.  It's the perfect place to kill time, be left alone, or do some people watching.  I got a coffee and breakfast sandwich here and all that was probably 8 bucks with tip or something like that.  Very affordable, but filling.  Also there's at least one TV I remember, so you can be up and up with the news.Eh. I somehow got lost in this area and ended up in this joint. Man, was I hungry at that time. Well, first time I noticed was the sticky table - seems like somebody spilled some syrup - bad sign. Thing can only go up from here. Anyway, there isn't anything worth mentioning other than the french toast was weak and the white sauce from the chip beef made me want to gag - and I like chip beef too! I am tempted to try their lunch if I ever swing by back this place...
*flatline - beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep.......
*home fries were soggy.Great breakfast , great coffee . Very friendly staff . Easy parking. Lauren our waitress was super attentive and friendly . Great for our first time in PhillyFavorite diner in the area, can't go wrong with any breakfast and the staff is friendly and fast. Come here for a quality neighborhood diner experienceI honestly don't know how this place is still in business. I haven't been here in years, it was just as bad before it was sold. The food  is terrible, the last time I wanted chili cheese fries they were disgusting,yes it was years ago but they looked old like the chili was sitting for days. We stopped in after a concert maybe a month after that the place was empty the waitress wouldn't seat us she was rude very unwelcoming we didn't even wait to be seated we walked out.Can't go wrong if you are looking for diner food. I have never once had a problem here. The staff is always nice & the food is always great.What can you say about Northeast Philly diners, other than they are consistent!! They have menus that look like books, but you need to know what to order.  Don't go with some specialty item unless you see people eating it.  
Staples at any Northeast 24/7 diner:
Breakfast (Anything)
French Onion Soup
Cheese Steaks
Coffee
Cream Chipped Beef
Anything else is anyone's guess.in the words of the descendents "this place sux"...........it may look like a cool 50's diner, but do not be fooled, you will not find food here, just foul tasting water and cheeseburgers that remind you of cardboard. you have been warned! i was going to say, no stars from me, but yelp is forcing me to give at least one star....so one star it is even though i wouldn't go here no matter how wasted i was.Just an okay experience. Came here 2/21 for breakfast. Diner wasn't busy or packed. Got the usual breakfast plate. You know, eggs, meat, toast. My friend and I asked for Tobasco for our eggs and the waitress totally forgot it. By the time my friend reminded  her, I had already put ketchup on my eggs. I didn't want to eat cold eggs! The breakfast sausage reminded me of regular dinner sausage. The bacon was good, but on the skinny side. The rye bread was nice and buttery, though, so that was one plus. I dunno, the waitress just seemed like she was new to the food service industry or maybe she was having an off day. I just don't think the Mayfair Diner is as great as people make it out to be.I was not impressed with this place at all. The inside looks like a normal diner. It's not dirty and in fact it looks fairly clean. My reasoning behind the 2 stars is only because the waitress was very good. She was friendly and attentive and even made ginger ale for me because they didn't have it. It was probably a mixture of sprite and Pepsi which is simple enough but still she didn't have to do it.
I ordered the chicken quesadilla. I asked for everything that they put in it except the chicken. So basically Cheese, mushroom, onions and so forth. I made myself perfectly clear on what I wanted. The cook messed up my order and had to make me another one. When it came out it was completely soggy and was flapping all over the place. Totally disgusting. It's pretty hard to screw up a quesadilla but this cook managed to do it. It was completely inedible. Even my fruit cup looked like the fruit had been sitting around for days. My husband got a burger and he seemed to be happy with it. The grilled cheese my daughter got was acceptable and the fries were delicious.I have a hard time believing this place ever got "Best of Philly" even if it was in 2002. 
But, after a long morning doing health education down the road at CFCF at the Philadelphia Prison System, you'd need a milkshake and french toast, too. The milkshake was probably the best part even if it was a little on the small side. What happened to the days when you got the silver cup on the side with the leftover shake!? My french toast was good because I was hungry and in a crappy mood, but nothing to write home about. The service was all NE Philly ("What'll youse be havin'?), accent included. Essentially the clientele here is 65 and over and they're probably eating soup when it's 95 degrees outside.
Are there any great Philly diners left?Been there a couple times.Good for breakfast food. Waste of money for anything else. In the summer there are a lot of flies for some reason buzzing around. 
Don't use the bathroom until after your meal if you have to go. Sometimes it's clean sometimes you find weird things in there that would ruin your appetite.This is by far my favorite diner any where in NE Philadelphia. In all honesty, I can't even think of one in Philly that I'd rather go to. It's a diner, it's up to date now, and it has nice clean, simple menus. My usual M.O. at diner places is breakfast, regardless of the time of day. 
My favorite dish here is the creamed chipped beef on toast. It's the best of its kind that I've ever tried. Served with a massive helping of home fries (hash browns) that are savory and delicious. You can taste and see the carmelized onions mixed in there, this is not cardboard diner food!
The Balgian Waffle gets an A+ from the 12 year old and the pancakes are tasty and satisfying; fluffy and malty, just how you'd expect pancakes to be. 
Anyway, as many times as I've been to this place, I've never been disappointed with the breakfast food.
Now service....lol....service is kind of entertaining here.
Usually they kitchen flies the food out, and it's good. The last time my family went, it didn't come out for a while...not sure if it was the server or the kitchen, but regardless, it was worth the wait because the food was better than usual.
The server this time was a young guy, obviously new to waiting tables as he made the usual n00b mistakes like getting silverware, blaming other servers for not getting us things that he sent them to do even though it is actually HIS job, etc etc. But he made one unforgivable mistake....and this is something that even a person who never waited tables in their life shouldn't make.....he touched the lips of our coffee mugs with his nasty waiter fingers. I have waited tables before...I know what things you touch when you are busy waiting tables.....and you dont' have time to wash your hands after every action you perform. Please for the love of all that is sacred, don't ever touch my cups where I put my mouth!!!!!! I didn't have the heart to correct him. This time. I did some wiping after he left the table though. But hey....the coffee is good.
The visit to the Mayfair I had before that, there was a wonderful young lady waiting on us but then we got to listen to a server argument about the sanity of one of the elder waitresses. LOL I mean this one older woman just went on and on about how she was treated/perceived/etc and the other girls were trying to calm her down and critique her performance in a different way so that she wasn't flipping the eff out....hahhaa the whole place was kind of looking around at each other but in the end the waitstaff rolled their eyes and laughed it off with apologies to the diners for the outburst and I laughed and chakled it up to the character of the Mayfair. Gotta love it.
P.S. I'm taking my mom here for mother's day, so if you're gonna try this place out....do it any other day but mother's day...I will be hungry and I don't want to wait in a line. :D
Also, this is a great spot to gorge on not as greasy as you'd think comfort food after a night of drinking.I came here because it was listed at one of the best 24 Hr. Diners. My experience was less than good unfortunately. 
I ordered a dinner special chicken parm with French Onion soup. The soup was very salty and the bread bits were a soggy mess. They should have the bread on the side or get it to the customer before it falls apart. The chicken parm was okay but the pasta was overcooked and inedible. My friend felt the same who ordered the same meal. 
I then ended with dessert hoping it would be good. What was ordered was carrot Cake and Boston Creme pie. The cake was okay but the Boston Creme pie was below average. The server was very kind although and got my friend a different pie (Chocolate mousse) which was better. 
Upon getting my check I was charged extra for the soup and was not told that although soup is included with your dinner....French onion was extra, nor was it mentioned in the menu. 
This is my first poor review and it's rather disappointing. Not coming back.Yuck.  This used to be such a cool place between the atmoshpere and the food but now it is just ........well............yuck. Stopped in on a Saturday moring @ around 8 when it used to be packed.  Maybe 10 people in the whole place and as soon as we got our food we found out why.  My toast tasted like syrup ( no, I didn't have syrup on anything ) and my husbands scrapple was fried byond recognition. The rest of the meal was floating in margarine.  The waitress was nice but some homeless looking guy was pacing back and forth right outside our window which was creepy.  Hope the place can recover.I have always heard about the Mayfair Diner because of the President of the United States has gone there. The food was really good, however the atmosphere was not all that great. I will go back because of the food, but not so much for the service.My Go-to diner, open all hours and has the best hangover food ! :) Makes the best french onion soup tooI just love this diner! But to be honest, the reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the service can be slow at times, even when it's not crowded.
The Mayfair Diner has great food and when I first visited this place I thought it would be your average neighborhood diner, but I was shocked when I took the first bite. My first order was an ordinary breakfast plate of ham, eggs, hash browns, and toast. I don't know how they did it but it tastes so good.
I returned about a week later for lunch and I took a look at the menu and they have some great lunch plates and deals. I order a cheesesteak and fries and didn't expect much because I had previous experiences with ordering cheesesteaks at diners and it wasn't good, but I was pleasantly surprised at good it was. I didn't expect a good cheesesteak from a diner! As for the fries they were great too; very crispy and delicious.
To wrap this up the Mayfair Diner is a great diner and has great food. Everyone should try this place at least once.I really hate this place and my wife loves it.  What's to love?  She got a cheeseburger special that was a frozen patty of beef.  It was terrible.  Leave your nostalgia @ home and head up FKD Ave to the Dining CarI hadn't been here in a while, since it was never anything exceptional. After learning that Jack Mulholland sold the place to the Michaels guy, I decided to go check it out again. I already knew of the Michaels' guy's reputation of bringing down the quality of the places he purchased and wasn't expecting much, but I was still disappointed.
I got a western omelet with home fries, two pieces of bacon, two slices of toast, and what was pretty much a double shot-glass of orange juice. My total came to over $10. This wouldn't have bothered me as much if the omelet weren't runny, the home fries weren't crispier than the bacon, and the portions of orange juice were a bit bigger. How can you screw up diner food?
I contemplated giving it another try, until I learned that the Michaels guy cleaned house and fired pretty much all of the old staff. Does this guy have even the slightest inkling on how to run a business? He pissed off a lot of customers by doing that.
Yeah... don't think I'll ever patronize this place again.A lovely, lovely diner. Incredibly wait staff and great renditions of classics--cream chipped beef, tuna melt, reuben, et cetera. I always go here when I wait for my car to be fixed by the trustworthy and reliable mechanics next door. Right up there with Aramingo and Oregon Diners.My best friend and I were out for an evening drive; one of those aimless drives that wastes gas but eases your mind. After an hour or so we agreed we would stop at the first diner we found, and Mayfair was it.
We also agreed to order something different than our 'usual'. She got a wrap, and I had the chicken parm.
The food was delicious; way above standard for a diner. My only complaint is that for my chicken, the meal said "with pasta, soup or salad and a choice of two sides." However the waitress explained that you actually can choose BETWEEN the pasta or two sides. So that was a little odd...
The waitress, though - and I wish I remembered her name - was the best. That perfect diner-waitress combo; seasoned but not crotchety, funny but not obnoxious. There was also no annoying retro-music forced upon us. Just a quiet but bustling, fun and tasty experience all around!!!First time here I found
Alligator has toothache
Seniors like the heat
One star for the cleanliness. One star for my omelet being a solid B+
I stopped in for the first time today and was greeted right away by a dragon's breath like heat blast! I know those of our population in advanced years feel colder than others, but this became extremely uncomfortable as the meal went on...also compounded by the massive nasal assault I was forced to endure when midway through, an aged Drakar salesman and his wife decided that the two seats next to me at the counter where far superior to the 25 other empty ones! For those of you that don't know, there are unwritten social rules like not picking the urinal right next to the occupied one when there are options...but I digress.
Once grabbing my seat, I was immediately impressed with how clean this place was. Maybe I had just missed a massive cleaning party, but by far the cleanest diner I've ever been in. Problem is, I had time to take this in as I was utterly ignored for upwards of 10 minutes as numerous, "kiss my grits" all-stars, shuffled by. I thought to say something, but knowing I'd be yelping this I decided to wait and time it out. Big strike in my book...
So it's been 6hrs since I've left and I am still waiting for my waitress to say hello. Her attitude toward me reminded me of the line from the beloved (and soon to be despised) Christmas classic, "You're a mean one, Mr. Grinch! " She was as friendly as an alligator with a toothache! 
My western omelet, home fries, and toast were good (not great) but every bit worth the $8 with coffee. I will also point out that the couple with the impaired sense of smell had a good looking Belgian waffle and a grilled cheese with tomato that looked so good I made one at home a few hours later...
So let's review. Uncomfortably hot, very clean, horrid service, ok breakfast. 
It all adds up to "diner" to me. I won't avoid going again if someone I am with just has to go, but I won't go out of my way to get back here.Went twice last week and service was great but the food was not got a Reuben sandwich grilled had almost no corn beef in it well very little. We also got the stuffing and a turkey openface sandwich and I don't know what you put in your stuffing it was sweet and gross.Breakfast:  Good eats, portions, quiet the local level is clean. Service Pleasanton good view of the street.This place is adorable.
Their food is adorably bad. 
Don't take someone here if you are trying to aim for a cute faux "romantic" make-up date when they are upset with you. They will just hate you more or feel so bad for your fail that they can never look at you again.one time I came here early in the morning and someone was peeing on the front door. The clear front door. I actually had to wait for him to finish, but he did hold the door for me.I see this place has gotten low ratings but I think its a good quiet place to get some breakfast. I went here a couple of times and enjoyed the food and staff each time. The staff is made up of elders, they are very nice. 
The food is good and cheap. The service is quick. Maybe I just had a better experience than other yelpers.Perfect for a late night snack. I like going there for some coffee and pie - they have a variety of desserts from a local bakery and the fresh squeezed orange juice is nice too. 
The lunchtime staff is usually good, but unfortunately at night the service goes down hill sometimes.  It's worth the trip for typical no frills diner food at a reasonable price.When I was a little boy my parents always brought me hear for Dinner. It was always my local favorite Diner to go. 
It's been years since I've been in hear. Not much changed still same layout and all and still clean and spotless like years back. 
I desided this morning to go for breakfast. I never Tryed it in the past. so I wanted to see how good it be. Should I say I was not surprised by how good the breakfast was. 
I had the western omelette, with toast, coffee and home fries. I will add the home fries are extra crispy that's how I like them and that's how they came out. Coffee perfect, nice and strong. And enjoyed the omelette. And they have jelly at the table you can spread on your toast. Not a fan of butter on toast. 
The prices are unbeatable!! And the service was great. Waitress back to the table every few min. Filling up my cup!! 
I will be back for breakfast and mabe even some late lunch. 
I recommend everyone to try the breakfast!!GREAT FRIES.
I could eat their fries every day (But it's a better idea if I don't!)
GREAT BLT, crisp and fresh and big enough to fill you (with the pickle and fries on the side!) 
Did I mention that I love the fries???Scrapple look like it was from yesterday , got sent back from the get Go, how could you serve something like that , used to love this place , I mean Bill Clinton ate here when he was running for his first term , but something has changed,Once upon a time, the Mayfair was a great place to get a good meal. The waitresses were old ladies with huge beehive hairdos and voices like they smoked for forty years, and they said things like, "How ya doin', doll??" and "What can I getcha?" The food was made fresh to order and the service was great.
Welcome to 2012. I thought it would be great to ask some friends to my old haunt for a great meal. Instead, we had an inefficient server (didn't know the difference between toast and and English muffin, plus kept forgetting things like silverware as she returned to the table again and again for little things she could have done all at once) and mediocre to bad food. The french fries, for example, looked delicious but ended up being flavorless potato strings (even a patron at the next table mentioned, while we sat there, that the fries sucked). A Reuben sandwich came out without Russian dressing. That's not a Reuben; that's a corned beef sandwich. And the Canadian bacon was grilled within an inch of its life. Other items are passable (burgers, omelets, but considering what the Mayfair used to be, what it used to mean to the neighborhood, it's not worth it, especially the Oregon, the Liberty Bell, and the Dining Car are all nearby with much better food and service.
Pass on this one.I have been to Mayfair plenty of times for breakfast and lunch i love their french onion soup it is by far one of my favorites, i do not like that fact that it is only cash and that the ATM charges you an insane surcharge, remember to bring cash because thats all they take. The service is always good the girls that work there are always checking on you and making sure you have refills on beverages. The parking lot is definitely very crowded and the cars are squished tight together because you are on Frankford Ave, all in all Mayfair is a good dinner, but definitely something could be different.Used to come here for decades, but haven't been here in a few years. My, how it has declined! 
Came in for late dinner (10pm) and half the lights were out giving it an unwelcome feeling. There's a dank odor lingering in the air. The upholstery is filthy. The previously sparkling decor and trim is broken and covered in God knows what. The table feels like it's about ready to fall down and is listing away from the wall. Bathroom had graffiti all over fixtures and needs a thorough scrubbing not to mention several things fixed. Even the sign out front needs a good cleaning. Outside the parking area needs line painting and they have replaced some of the lights on the trademark exterior with those obnoxious LED lights that are way too bright.
The service was just ok and the food was mediocre. Prices were about what you would expect.
If you haven't been here in a while, you are in for a very disappointing surprise. It's not the Mayfair of old.
It really feels like they are trying to compensate for lost sales by skimping on much-needed things. They don't realize that they are competing with the likes of GrubHub etc., and need to step up their service and facility game in order to offer something that is worth leaving the house for.Still as good as ever - and cleaner! Service is still like family- want more coffee Hun? Breakfast, lunch or dinner- you can't go wrong! Enjoy!