The only reason to ever, EVER go to McFadden's on 3rd is for the free happy hours. The first time I went was for a free drink event and I signed up to win a free happy hour. The second and hopefully last time I went was last night for my own free happy hour.
I'll take you through the night step-by-step. We arrive 8ish for the 8-10 happy hour. Myself, my boyfriend, and two friends. My boyfriend immediately gets told to take his baseball cap off and then two seconds later is told he can not come in because of his boots. He was not wearing Timberlands or anything of the sort, they're just bigger boots cause there was SNOW ON THE GROUND. So we called a group of friends that was coming in the following cab and asked them to grab some shoes from their place. And we waited in the doorway with another gentleman who was waiting for his shoes to also be delivered.
While I understand having a dress code at a club or an upscale place, this is NOT one of those places. McFaddens is a bar... and apparently restaurant, but who knew?
Additionally, we read the rest of the dress code which is posted in the doorway for those waiting for a change of their out-of-code clothing and it is clearly a way to refuse service to individuals they don't want in their establishment. Classist, rascist, somewhat sexist, maybe even ageist. It's really bullshit.
In my communications with Stephanie about my happy hour event no where did she mention anything about the dresscode. It would have been helpful.
So anyway, we wait in the doorway and then are asked to move out of the way and further into the bar. What the hell? We might as well start ordering drinks. My friends show up with a pair of shoes too small which my boyfriend, trying to keep me happy, squeezes into.
The drinks were watered down and small. The music never stuck to one genre. The other patrons were a strange mix of young, old, ugly, and angry.
My other friend came who also had boots on so since my boyfriend was already in, we switched the shoes around and got him in. An hour later they came around with a flashlight looking at the floor supposedly for spilled-drinks, yet ended up asking my boyfriend to leave. This was fine because at this point people were getting up on top of the bar and it was getting uncomfortable anyway....
The only thing I'm happy about is that I have never spent a dime there and on two occasions have drank for free.
In short, they suck.ugh. i knew i wouldnt like this place. but my friends from ny were in town and they wanted to try the bull. i figured they wouldnt mind the crowdedness since thats the thing they are used to in ny. but we ran out to the street in horror an hr later after trying our hardest to enjoy ourselves. i cant believe we even lasted that long. my friends from ny said these ppl must have been rasised in a barn. nuf said.Would give 0 stars if possible, service was beyond horrible, charged $5 for a can of beer? How about those margins. I can't believe this place is still in business. I will avoid at all cost bc of their terrible service and qualityThe only reason to ever, EVER go to McFadden's on 3rd is for the free happy hours. The first time I went was for a free drink event and I signed up to win a free happy hour. The second and hopefully last time I went was last night for my own free happy hour. 
I'll take you through the night step-by-step. We arrive 8ish for the 8-10 happy hour. Myself, my boyfriend, and two friends. My boyfriend immediately gets told to take his baseball cap off and then two seconds later is told he can not come in because of his boots. He was not wearing Timberlands or anything of the sort, they're just bigger boots cause there was SNOW ON THE GROUND. So we called a group of friends that was coming in the following cab and asked them to grab some shoes from their place. And we waited in the doorway with another gentleman who was waiting for his shoes to also be delivered. 
While I understand having a dress code at a club or an upscale place, this is NOT one of those places. McFaddens is a bar... and apparently restaurant, but who knew? 
Additionally, we read the rest of the dress code which is posted in the doorway for those waiting for a change of their out-of-code clothing and it is clearly a way to refuse service to individuals they don't want in their establishment. Classist, rascist, somewhat sexist, maybe even ageist. It's really bullshit. 
In my communications with Stephanie about my happy hour event no where did she mention anything about the dresscode. It would have been helpful. 
So anyway, we wait in the doorway and then are asked to move out of the way and further into the bar. What the hell? We might as well start ordering drinks. My friends show up with a pair of shoes too small which my boyfriend, trying to keep me happy, squeezes into.
The drinks were watered down and small. The music never stuck to one genre. The other patrons were a strange mix of young, old, ugly, and angry. 
My other friend came who also had boots on so since my boyfriend was already in, we switched the shoes around and got him in. An hour later they came around with a flashlight looking at the floor supposedly for spilled-drinks, yet ended up asking my boyfriend to leave. This was fine because at this point people were getting up on top of the bar and it was getting uncomfortable anyway....
The only thing I'm happy about is that I have never spent a dime there and on two occasions have drank for free.
In short, they suck.I love this place ... there is always a great crowd, reasonable drink prices , great music, and the food isn't to bad either. 
They also do some of the city's best event- st patty's day, Oktoberfest, springfest, winterfest... i go to all their events which normally brink in a huge crowd... 
great place to relax and party with friends ....Whenever I make the journey to McFadden's it is always overly crowded.  Good news for them, bad news for me.  I always feel like it's impossible to walk around.  The multiple bars and floors definitely help with this issue.  The crowd can be better on some nights as opposed to others, although I haven't really nailed down which nights are the better ones yet.  DJs on the weekend are standard, nothing incredible but good enough for me and pretty much play the hits.McFaddens, what can you say? The place is a cesspool of sweaty, crowded juice-heads.  Movement is nearly impossible on the weekends w/o bumping into an Armani-wearing guido who is ready and looking to fight.  The prices are OKAY for where you are.  The "dj's" there are mediocre.  I'm sure I heard "Livin on a Prayer" 3 times one night and fist-pumping is a given.  
Overall, unless you're looking for a fraternity party with a big bar, McFadden's has everything you're NOT looking for in terms of a nice night out.  Try a variety of other places in Philly, but not hereEverytime i go here i regret the decision! Last night will be the last time i ever step foot in this shithole! Paid for the VIP ticket to get at the bar and the abrtender replies with, "only beer selection is coors..." that would be great to know ahead of time! takes a least 30 mins to get a drink, and full of 21 year old douche dags and tools! Worst bar to go to and waste money! i'd rather throw my money away then spend any here!You know how your ears ring really badly when the music is just a little too loud even after a couple drinks? That's this place. It's far from classy but I would give it 3 MAYBE 4 stars if they lowered the volume just the slightest bit. A lot of people ranked them low for dumb reasons. I rank them low because I lose my voice speaking to my friend and I go deaf. Otherwise this bar is much Better then others ratings!!!! It's a fun, young bar! Just turn it down 1 decibel and I would absolutely get my friends to come here. As of now I only go when someone gets a happy hour thing that you sign up for. Then we leaveThe Downtown Philadelphia Buffalo Bills Backers Club goes here ever Sunday to watch the Bils play and the staff here are very accommodating every year, despite constant management shifting. The space is great though, with three big spaces available for a variety of gatherings, a free parking lot and another one caddy-corner from McFadden's for spillage. The menu isn't bad either!
I do know that this place is usually a lot of fun at night, as evidenced by the sticky floors the day after....
Special note: The bar next door has a mechanical bull.This place was a BLAST when I went.
My friend was a guest bartender and we were on his list to get in free. We found some street parking for free, which made me doubly happy. The place was all wooden inside and moderately large. Another plus: a free coat room. As far as finances, this place is as good as it gets!
We were hooked up with the beverages and the random patrons were drunkenly friendly. The music was good -- basic Wired 96.5 playlist -- as expected. The dance area was a little crowded, and I watched some friends dance on the bar. That whole deal is entertaining.
The crowd is very mixed, which I appreciated.
Thumbs up, McFadden's!Once upon a time I was underage and thirsty for beer.  I attended Penn State University, and I hated frats.  I was also really poor, and again... underage.  So what is a boy in that situation supposed to do?  Naturally, you put your feelings aside and go to a frat party to scam a bunch of free shitty beers as fast as you can from those buffoons before they realize you're not one of them.
McFadden's is just like those frat parties that I lowered myself to drink at for free all those years ago... except, you actually have to pay for the drinks here.  And it's more pathetic.
This is one of the worst places on the planet you could willing subject yourself to.  Wall to wall meat heads and sorostitutes.  Loud, obnoxious music.  Hot, sticky, suffocating vibe.  New Jersey personified in PA.
If ever there was a place where Livin' on a Prayer was a holy hymn and Jagerbombs were manna from heaven, McFadden's would be it.
Truly trash for a large highly intoxicated, underage, unthinking crowd.We came here for an event on a Friday night, around 8PM, not expecting much after reading several Yelp reviews on the bar. Basically, we would not come back again.
McFadden's is a pretty typical un-upscale bar. Although the music choice was pretty decent, the general demographic would be of the 30-40 year old working class group. I did not see, nor expect to see, white collar professionals.
Upside is that the well drinks are generally $2.50, but were served in plastic disposable cups (indicative of the general quality). 
The bartenders and servers were polite and helpful, so there's nothing I can really complain about, but it's definitely not the environment I enjoy. All in all, only come here if you're looking for a cheap place to get drunk.My friend won McFadden's season-long NFL pick 'em contest last year.  The grand prize was supposed to be $1,000.  We're halfway through this NFL season and McFadden's has done its best to ignore all of her calls and emails.  She visited the bar on several occasions only to get the same runaround.  She's pretty much lost all hope of ever receiving her winnings.  This bar is a disgrace and damn near criminal.2.5-3 stars for a Philly spot.
The one thing I like is they offer free happy hours on Saturdays. If you win, you get to drink for free, and your friends get $2 well drinks. If you get 10 people on your list before 11 PM - you get a free $50 bar tab.
The crowd isn't all that great, but it's entertaining if you like to people watch. The music is top 40's and 80's. You'll see people dancing on the bar all the time which I think is rather trashy (sorry if you're one of those people). 
I did go to their McPattyfest this past March & it was extremely crowded but the crowd was much better then. The band (Mr. Greenjeans) was really good too.
Lucky for them they offer that happy hour, or else you would rarely see me here.terrible. go here if you want to be bored and see young trashy landmines/grenades in the whoriest of whoriest outfits.
if you go: bring your whore wear, and a book. 
music: TERRIBLE! 
I thought I'd have a great time, WRONG! worst music! 
the little room in the basement would have been cool bc of the little tables n benches except it was about 90 degrees. 
another reason not to go: theres a cover, which is absurd bc its such a bad time. 
if you really want to go to mcfaddens, go to the one at citizens bank park. MUUCHHHH betterI give this place a 2 because the staff can be friendly and accommodating. 
The floors are sticky; just-21 year olds push and stumble through the packed room; and there is a constant stink of hair gel, steroids, and cheap perfume. This crowd grows up eventually, mellows out, and heads to better bars-- and thank heavens. There are no real good drinks here, just sale priced Miller Lites in plastic bottles. 
Nothing any of us on here say will stop McFaddens from filling up on a Friday/Saturday night. And that's not the end of the world-- it gives kids a place to celebrate their 21st, guys a place to learn how to talk to women, and everyone a place to get sloppy and dance obscenely. If that's what you want to do, go! Otherwise, moving on..If you are doing the Fringe Fest this week,RUN don't walk to McFaddon's and catch a pre-or post show drink served up by  Victoria or  Kevin. We visited yesterday right smack in the middle of the beer-pong playoffs and it was a BLAST...guys hi-fiving and screaming, loud, obnoxious ..exactly how a bar should be especially if the Phillies are in the 14 inning ....and something fun is happening. Great to see people actually showing emotion and smiling and yelling....and the beer and martinis are pretty good too!I wish I could say I've never been here. This joint has almost no redeeming qualities.  it gets crowded and sweaty with a group of people you literally would never want to spend time with.
The only reason I've ever come here was for stupidly cheap drink specials, and the service sucks when they're running said specials.  
If you gathered the collective class of all staff and patrons, it wouldn't fill a dixie cup.This is a pretty clubby place that is for pricey but gross beer and lousy food.  A year ago the food was suprisingly delicious but is now something you would only eat while drunk. Luckily this seems to be the entire goal of this place so maybe it's working out for them.  Between the weird location the nasty food and the lousy bar choices this place is for college students only, despite being no where near any college in the city.Doesn't anyone like this bar? 
Me neither. 
It is always packed on weekends. Is there no one on this site who wants to write a review on how great the selection of corporate lite beers. where is the "best fake breast on a non stripper" comments. Can I get a " i like the music cause I know all the words". 
As an exercise in writing, I am going to write all the positive things,about my one night at McFaddens. 
My buddy brought imported South jersey girls to the No libs. I was charged as tour guide. I stupidly took them to North third, for a couple of beers. They didn't have Coors lite. I realised the typical No libs tour was not going to fly. I suggest the liberties, less hipster vibe. Yes, they did have Miller lite. my companions just didn't like the vibe there either. They suggest McFaddens, I counter with Silk City. No, only McFaddens will do. 
Oh right, the positives. 
I got in free cause the bouncer thought the girls were hot. 
The guy who works the restroom, made me laugh so hard. His best lines were "Dude your on the wrong side of Spring Garden" and I'll give you your tips back if you make it till closing." 
I enjoyed watching my buddy pretend to enjoy himself, I even saw him " raise the roof". 
The girls all made out with each other. 
One of them slipped the tongue to my fiance when she came to pick me up. I have warned her about kisses as a casual hello. 
The best thing that came from my trip to McFadden's is when my friends say " tell us the story about when YOU went to McFadden's.This place reminded me of a PennState Univeristy Park frat party. No joke.
Girls dancing up on bars, promotional beer girls shakin' their jugs and dancing naughty, sticky floors, jerky guys dancing like...jerks, people getting down....WAY too down for my comfort. Le sigh, college a la repeat.
I never liked going to frat houses; it was never my scene. Perhaps that is why McFadden's was not my scene. Three stars are salvaged based on the fact I had great people around me and the music was exactly to my liking. I guess I didn't stay long enough to realize whether they played three Bon Jovi songs (as Mike said).
I'm not joking, but I would be generous and give another star if they had just cleaned their floor and reduced the volume of the music a bit i.e. make it into a pub already because the damn name sounds like one.I ended up here because my friend won the open bar (which after reading the reviews seems to be the only reason anyone goes). The others in the group got to decide on a half-off special or a $20 dollar tab special. We went with the half off because we figured it was the better deal. Turns out neither really are considering there's only shitty beers included in the half offs and anything else is practically like drinking water. Different bartenders told us different things, one bartender would charge us half of what another would. We ended up figuring out which guy was best and stuck with him, he seemed like the only one who knew what he was doing anyway. We had to argue with the bartenders too because the website had specials that they wouldn't honor in the actual bar so that was nice false advertising. 
Besides the headache and confusion with the prices and drinks, the place was disgusting. When we arrived there it was practically empty so our group sat at a table. The table had a mysterious sticky substance all over it so we moved to the next one which honestly wasn't much better. There were a few girls that worked there dancing and drinking already. Once the crowd got there it was full of sleazy guys who looked either fresh out of freshman year of high school or looked about 50 and were alone prowling the crowd for young girls to creep out. I would say the only decent thing was the music, but I was only dancing because I was drunk and needed to pretend like I wasn't stuck at a dump like mcfadden's on a saturday night.this place is horrible!!!  don't go there!  The bouncers are a bunch of roid heads who are dumb as rocks.  5 dollar beers and watered down drinks, if you are in the area just go to Finnegan'sBLAHHHHH!! like duuuude not at all, bro! Here's some CONS/PROS:
CONS:
- LOUD! AS! SH*T! Holy crap. 
- DARK DARK DARK! Alittle light but totally dark
- Small as sh*t!
- No girlfriend materials. All taken anyway
PROS:
- ..... Free parking
- ..... $5 Admission 
- Good music though. I was Cat Daddying it to One Direction
but yeah small, dark, and loud as hell. Don't bother.Ok bar. Good atmosphere.... the drinks weren't anything special. Service was okay.
We came here for a St. Patrick's day bar crawl and it was a very old crowd.
I also came here for a $20 open bar for 2 hours... we had several drinks and the bartenders were very light handed. It was as if we were drinking straight cranberry juice.
I wouldn't suggest coming here for a great time, nothing special.Awful on any night. Now the cast of jersey shore will be there. What's worse than awful? Mcfaddens...Went for a friends birthday. Great deal of birthday individual drinks for free and everyone with them does $10 well open bar from 9-12. You could barely taste the booze in the drinks but they were basically free so that wasn't a huge concern. Met the GM who was awesome and super friendly. Steady tunes to dance to, yes I got on the bar ... In my heels, which was a dangerous after thought. Not really my scene but I did surprisingly enjoy myself.This is the worst bar I've ever been to. Overpriced, watered down drinks and some stupid girls tried to fight with me while I was in line for the bathroom. 
Save the agony and don't go. There are plenty of better bars in Philadelphia.Just went back to this dump after a phillies game and here's how it went..... Paid $5 cover, go in order a $12 vodka drink, as soon as I pay the young black bouncer comes over and tells me to remove my phils hat, I say why didn't you tell me this at the door and he just looks at me with a dumb stare.....so they get you to pay a cover and a drink then tell you you're not properly dressed....nice!  I hate this place....oh and they were recently sued for being racistThis place is very pro military which is hard to find these days the staff is great great party seen i would come back here again ask for the bartender Denis he is awesome out of 10 stars i would give it an 15The last time I was here I talked to AJ Feeley, and DJ AM was "spinning."  (Please believe that my reasons of going did not include DJ AM).  The place gets packed on the weekend with a lot of people who you would expect to see in North Jersey. (See Alex M.'s review).  If you are looking for a rucous crowd and dancing you should check out McFadden's on a Friday or Saturday night.  If thats not your scene, you should check out McFadden's on an off night for some pretty decent pub fare. (During football season there is a great Wing special.)  Personally I wouldnt wait in line to get in, but I do make the occasional trip and go in through the side door.
Couple other notes about McFadden's- 
-at 1:55am, they will tell you they are staying open an extra half hour, undoubtedly you will buy another beer, and undoubtedly they will start ushering you to the door at 2 am.  
--the DJ after DJ AM was offering an after hours party with free booze, food and BLOW to all girls..he was promoting this through his mic.This is hands down the worst bar I've ever been to!! I've been here 3 or 4 times and have never enjoyed myself! I always get this weird vibe when I'm here, and at first I was calling said vibe racism, but after reading a few reviews from an array of different colored ppl, I take it back. The staff here is just extremely rude for no apparent reason at all!!!
 I mean really, why is this place still open?? Oh yeah, that's right...the drink specials. I don't even understand that though because the service, while waiting for your $2 drink, despicable! And the last time I was here my fiancé ordered chicken fingers at the bar and (after waiting an hr for them) asked how much longer they would be, the bartender told him "they'll be done when they're done"! Honestly could've slapped him in his mouth!! If I could have given this dump no stars, I would've! Never again!!!
P.s. The DJ also sucks!The other reviews have already given this crappy bar a nice trouncing.
Well deserved...I only came here because I got a certificate on Restaurant.com... I arrived at around 8 when I guess they began to put all the bar stool chairs up so that it turns into a party...
Well I had to beg the bouncer to not take the bar stool so that we could get a bite to eat.
The food was just OK!My roommate won an open bar here about a year ago. I had never been there so decided to go with her to check it out. First, it's way to crowded and filled with "bro's."The atmosphere felt like it was designed for people who weren't even 21 yet.
Right when we got there, they were going around to have people sign up for the open bar. I  did that night, and about 2 wks later I won one. After that first night, my boyfriend and I realized it wasn't our scene (maybe because we were both of legal drinking age). I told them I didn't plan on going. Then about another 2 weeks later, they called me to tell me to come in again because I won an open bar. I told them I wasn't interested and to take me off of their list. This was a year ago, I have told them approximately 4 times now that I want to be taken off of the contact list and every time they say they'll take me off, but yet I still get calls.
They need to work on their marketing, because, frankly, they're just annoying by calling regularly.Occasionally, when the wind shifts, I can catch a whiff of McFaddens.
It reeks of AXE and desperation.
The women cram their flabby, fake-tanned bodies into the most slatternly outfits they can find in hops of picking up men, or maybe just having a "good time with the girls." Rolls of fat, and boobs, and butts abound, but not in a good way - you're left feeling sorry for these women who are somehow convinced of their own hotness despite all evidence to the contrary.
The Ed Hardy-clad men at McFaddens live by the motto "GTL," even while they could have spawned the women they're trying to pick up. To call them "guido" is an insult to the cast of "Jersey Shore."
The music is strictly awful, as are the watered-down "cocktails." 
Though McFaddens is good for one thing - If you're a criminal defense attorney, just hang out front until the police inevitably show up due to some drunken macho posturing.
I want to give this zero stars, but Yelp won't let me.I'll say the only time I've ever come here was for the happy hour because my girlfriend always seems to win it (somehow I can't but she has, twice). I haven't had a problem with the people...yet but I'm sure if I go there enough somebody will try to fight me. Like other reviewers have mentioned it is basically a fraternity party for those that have graduated. Yes bon jovi was played and all the rap was stuff we used to play at our parties (I was in a fraternity so I sort of became nostalgic, but then there were ugly fat girls dancing on the bar which we never allowed...unless you were hot and not fat). 
The drinks are kinda watered down and it really depends who serves you. If you get a bartender that thinks your attractive she'll give you a glass cup which undoubtedly holds more then the plastic cups they serve to most patrons. I do say though they hold true to who drinks for free, if your friend gives you a free drink ticket you NEED to have the special bracelet otherwise they'll still charge you which I actually respect since they are in fact doing their job. 
Honestly I wouldn't come here unless we won the happy hour bc it really is cheap and worth it in that aspect. I would never come here if it wasn't for that but as long as we keep winning, you'll see me there.If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. but yelp does not allow me that option. Instead I have to settle for 1. This place is God awful. Frat party scene at its worse. South Jersey's "finest" is here and the music is an absolute JOKE! I don't get the fascination with playing "Shout" in its entirety! The last time I was here I threw my beer at an asshole guard because he let these other whores in the mens room but when i tried it was a big problem! It felt damn good to do that too.Went to McFadden for the first time last weekend with 7 of my asian girlfriends. The bouncers were extremely rude and discriminating! After 30mins, I was escorted out by 4 bouncers out the back door and was told that they cannot serve our party anymore. None of us bothered the other patrons or vomit anywhere and yet we were being kicked out!  Never coming here again!!!Pretty run of the mill sports bar. Put down a $20 tip up front that guaranteed I had my bartender's attention for the entire night. Posted up with a few friends to watch the Dunk contest and knock back a few beers. If you want a pristine venue, go to a place that charges $7 a beer. If you don't mind some grime, then come on in.I have been here a hundred times... constantly lured in by free happy hour e-mails. Trust me; you will always regret it. But  on the bright side, you can always get drunk for free (or seriously cheap) and go somewhere else when your special is over. 
If you do go make sure you sign up with one of the shot girls for a free happy hour special. Literally everyone wins, and if you sign up once they will send you a free happy hour e-mail almost every week.Great time if you're part of a free happy hour group.
Biggest drawbacks are the sometimes crappy music and downstairs bathroom.
They also lost my checkcard once somehow when it wasn't even that busy...I really should have listened to my gut about this place. 
All I can say is that the place is stocked with D-bags. This and the place next to it, is like an extension of your worse frat house party.  So if you like drunken fools, big girls who dance on tables, and a rancid smelly place to have a beer. Think no further than McFaddens!Wow what a terrible place don't ever ever go there ,besides the fat staff in tight clothes (even the manager is wearing a damn Mumu) just way to many disgusting people jammed together in one place skip this place burn it down!As the picture aptly suggests, McFaddens might be best described as 'New Jersey Prom for 20somethings.'
Domestic beers at a decent price (expect long lines for re-ups, unless you're halter topped)
Mash-up music (Dude, Bon Jovi meet Lil' Jon... allllllright)
Belligerent dudes, collars popped, fishnet stalkings, dancing on the bar, nowhere  to stand/sit/leave your coat. 
I made it 90 minutes... and it took a lot of whiskey to be that patient.It's really a Temple bar. It's an exaggerated frat party. It is fun to go with a big group - expect a lot of drunk girls dancing on the bar. The place is messy - I wouldn't wear a dress here or nice heels. The prices are pretty good. The music is average top 40/ hip hop. If you go, expect to wear jeans and binge drink.Two stars? Really? 
I've never eaten here but the bar is the craziest bar I've ever been to. There are constantly people dancing on the stage and the cover gets you into Johnny Utahs as well. The food probably sucks (based on what these reviews, at a quick glance, are telling me) but come on guys, this is a bar first!
One of the few bars in the city I would give 5/5 for. We get happy hours for our birthdays all the time and we always come here. Keep it up, guys!Once, and never again, my friend. 
Reminds me of those frat parties I hated in college. Creepers everywhere. And when they are not trying to rub up on you they are getting into a fight with another creeper. 
Also, it took them almost two weeks to charge my credit card. I understand 'charge pending' but come on, two weeks?well the review above looks to be an unbiased account. lolNot quite sure why there's three different "Mcfaddens" for third st, but I'll copy and paste my previous review for this place here so it can be seen by all who would wish to go here...
I'll say the only time I've ever come here was for the happy hour because my girlfriend always seems to win it (somehow I can't but she has, twice). I haven't had a problem with the people...yet but I'm sure if I go there enough somebody will try to fight me. Like other reviewers have mentioned it is basically a fraternity party for those that have graduated. Yes bon jovi was played and all the rap was stuff we used to play at our parties (I was in a fraternity so I sort of became nostalgic, but then there were ugly fat girls dancing on the bar which we never allowed...unless you were hot and not fat). 
The drinks are kinda watered down and it really depends who serves you. If you get a bartender that thinks your attractive she'll give you a glass cup which undoubtedly holds more then the plastic cups they serve to most patrons. I do say though they hold true to who drinks for free, if your friend gives you a free drink ticket you NEED to have the special bracelet otherwise they'll still charge you which I actually respect since they are in fact doing their job. 
Honestly I wouldn't come here unless we won the happy hour bc it really is cheap and worth it in that aspect. I would never come here if it wasn't for that but as long as we keep winning, you'll see me there.No complaints about the people at the bar, since I went to watch the Bills game on Sunday and Bills fans are good people. 
However, the set up is weird. Only the bar, a few booths, and a few bar tables with wobbly stools that were obviously there temporarily. So... a lot of people just had to stand and mill around. We were there early enough to luckily get a table.
The bathroom is down a creepy staircase and looks like something out of a high school locker room that hasn't been updated since 1978. You know, those painted metal bathroom stalls, broken toilet seats, and non-working hand soap dispensers (they put out disposable pumps instead). 
The staff was pretty nice and attentive. Our server even came back after we settled our bill to see if we needed more water. 
However, this place is really filthy. Like, possibly the most disgusting bar I've been to. I glanced at the ceiling and there was a dishrag thrown up there over the duct work, and gross brown stains. The tables, bars and floors were gross. The shelves and windows looked dusty. But the worst part was when I got a beer glass with a huge piece of brown/black gunk stuck to the rim. It was like that anaerobic bacteria that grows when you don't clean areas that get wet. I don't know if it was from the beer tap (that they never take apart and clean) or if it was from the mat where they place clean glasses (which they never roll up and clean), but it was not acceptable. It also explained why so many people were drinking bottles of beer. 
Also, at one point, they must have run out of pint glasses because my husband's last beer came in a 12 ounce plastic cup, but at least we were drinking $2 labatts drafts. 
Also, I ordered nachos. They were said to come with jack and cheddar cheese, jalapenos, salsa, lettuce, sour cream and guacamole. I had tostitos chips with cheese whiz, regular cheese, chopped red onion, microscopic chopped peppers, chopped tomato and sour cream on mine. No lettuce, no guacamole. All for $8. My husband had the garbage plate and had no complaints, but he's from Massachusetts, so he can't speak to the authenticity of it. I'm not sure I'll trust the kitchen in the future, though, after the cleanliness issues I witnessed.This bar is THE worst bar in all of Philadelphia. I gave it a couple tries but it is just so disgusting I can never go back. The staff is THE rudest staff of any place I have ever been in my life. The first time, they ran a scam Michael Kors bag giveaway, I entered with high hopes of winning because most of the girls were too drunk to even fill out their name on the paper. Alas they announced 3 different girls names and no one came to claim it so they said they would announce another winner later that evening. They never did, so I asked the dj what was going on with this and they said they had already given it away. Mind you, I had 1 drink that whole evening so I know for a fact they lied. Then last night....I check my coat for 4 dollars, loose my ticket but I remembered the number that was on the ticket stub and my brand and size of my jacket and the girl still wouldn't give it back to me. HOW WOULD I MAKE THAT UP TO STEAL SOMEONE ELSE'S JACKET?!? She was a complete and utter bitch, told me I had to wait until after close, then and only then if my jacket was the only one left I could have it back. Mind you, AGAIN I had not one drink this evening because I was not feeling well, from the night before. This is not me exaggerating anything. I used to go here a lot when I was in college and I will never return after the last couple of times. The staff used to be nice but now they are just rude because they have to work a crappy job at a crappy bar for dollar tips, might as well be a bum begging. Geez, I feel bad for those scumbags. One word for all of the employees I have interacted with. I hope you never succeed in life and have to work at that shitty bar with those drunk gross people for the rest of your pathetic lives. THIS PLACE BLOWS. end of story.Although it is pretty unnecessary to write this review seeing that all the other ones have pretty much hit the nail right on the head, I still find it necessary to punctuate the others with the final word that this is quite possibly the worst bar in philadelphia.  Some would say that there is some corner bar in north philly that stinks like cat piss and vietnam veterans and only serves pabst that might be a worse place to drink, but I beg to differ.  I would happily go to any other bar in the city before filing through the cattle gates at this flop house.
  The other stories are true.  You will see more shape-ups and popped collars there than at a rave on Long Island.  The place reeks of vomit and stripper perfume.  You have to wait forever for the self entitled slob of a bartender to wade over.  She has to cut  between the other two douche bartenders who are dancing and throwing bottles to each other  while singing the Neil Diamond dance remixes that are playing.  By the time the bartender serves all the 19 and 20 year olds their Jagerbombs and Long Island Ice Teas you are so parched you consider licking the sweat from the gyrating sorostitutes who won't stop backing that ass up all over you.  Luckily, I snuck my own beer in (a left over from the cab roadies).  So, beer in hand, my friends and I (who are only there so one of us can meet up with this girl) wander over to the other bar where the coyote ugly wannabes are projecting their self loathing all over the paying customers.  I leaned between the legs to order more drinks.  I had to order four beers just to ensure I didn't have to wait in that mess again.  I'm getting frustrated just writing this.  You get the picture.  The place sucks.  Bad.  Why come to the city to go to such suburban wasteland of a bar.  Push down your collar and get a little fucking taste.  And stop dancing on bars, girls.  It won't get you anywhere but shopping for Plan B at 9am sunday morningI was going to take a massive dump on this place, but I see thats pretty much already been done.
Heed the advice and don't bother going here.
Even as a college kid this place sucked something serious.This is what I call a last stop bar. After youve gone to others and you are no longer looking for anything fancy I would stop here. It's like the hot pocket and cheaters episode that you love to end your night with, but are not so willing to admit. I think the other reviewers are being a bit harsh, the drinks are plentiful, the beats bumping, and the floor is so crowded that you are also constantly bumping into other people.... who knows it might be your wife.Decent music to dance to .. Terrible drinks.. However I complained to the bartender how my drink was watered down and I got a free shot with my 2nd drink which was literally like  98% alcohol .. I appreciated her responding to my complaint. Hmm I may go again if with the same friends .. I won't wear a dress next time thoughThis is a funny lil place in Northern Liberties. A Buffalo Bills bar???? Haaaa. Well alright. They definitely do a lot of deals if you're plugged here. My friend had me on a list where I had to pay like $5 or $10 (I can't remember) and I got half off on all drinks. They were going around giving free shots of Jim Beam. The drinks and service were fine on a relatively quiet Friday night. It was a dude in the bathroom selling body oils and things of that nature. But uh yeah... A-Ok.My first thoughts upon entering McFadden's were 'It's dark', and 'It's dank', and 'It's gross'. It's definitely not upscale - it's extremely reminiscent of a frat party - dark, sticky, filled with loud, screaming, drunk people, and upbeat tacky music. We came because my friend won an open bar, which isn't a bad deal (of course, no shots for open bar though). The bartender was nice enough to give me a free shot for my birthday. After a while, once it became a little later, the drunken crowd and the bartenders (who were also drinking), became enlivened and started dancing and belting out along with the music. People started dancing on the bar top, along with the female bartender - who took a bottle and started pouring drinks straight into people's mouths.
This place is really not bad IF you're just looking for a frat like experience.Call this bar a guilty pleasure if you will. I am way to old to be frequenting  this joint, but my friend bartends here and serves a pretty mean jack and coke for less than $5. I will only go here when I am on the way to blackoutville and want to get my dance on with some girl friends. The music is amazing and keeps me dancing all night long. The crowd is young 20 somethings and they get bombed and serve as a form of entertainment for me. I would never go here in hopes of finding a guy - the crowd is rather trashy. If you want a night out of dancing and getting wasted with some friends and maybe even getting out the cougar claws this is place for you!I can't believe I forgot to review this place. Oh yeah, that's right. I wanted to forget I had the horrible experience of coming here all together. Too bad that didn't work out.
I came here last summer as a favor to a friend (one of his friends was guest bartending). First we looked for parking; not too difficult being as no one else wants to go here. We decide to pull into the adjoining lot rather than street park and some guy runs across the street, insists he is the parking lot attendant, and that there is a fee to park (although there is no visible sign). I tell the guy that he must be crazy and how do we know he even works there. Long story short, my friend ends up giving him the money (he's afraid for his car's safety) and we meet up with his other friends and head in. 
It takes more than 10 minutes for them to check us in for happy hour although we're literally the only people in line (and there's like 5 of us). I think I stayed for about 30 minutes to help out before I begged my friend to get us the heck out of there.
I went for the cheap Happy Hour and left scarred for life. Never again.::Sigh:: The places that McThrill goes to in order to catch up with good friends that he hasn't seen in awhile.
Frat Party alert indeed! as I spent the first 15 minutes walking on the sticky floors, staring at the Gotti clones with popped up collars, and watching the inebriated ladies trying to dance on the bar I knew that I was inevitably walking into Alex M.'s Review. The man would be speaking the total truth If only they played a single Bon Jovi song (no Shot Through The Heart for me - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GccfzxHIXaY). I guess they considered playing "Build Me Up Buttercup" and mixing Guns N' Roses with some horrible rap song an upgrade. Lame!
I am tempted to give them 1 star. But I'm curving 2 because they hooked my friend up with an awesome deal where every drink that we got from 9-11 was $2. So at least that and my entertaining group of friends made the experience a little less painful to endure.I met up with friends at McFadden's for drinks - the bouncers weren't dicks (at least, not to me), letting me in without any problems - and I noticed there was a healthy sized crowd. Many of my fellow drinkers seemed to be college-aged (as opposed to college-ruled), and there was lots of space to dance, mingle, and throw up.
After scoring free drinks from the promotional beer girls (thanks girls!), I checked out their main floor bar, and the bartenders helped water me some more with random shots of the day. (The lower floor had a private party that I steered clear of.) While we sobered up, an MC and DJ both kept everyone entertained when the TVs alone couldn't.
While there's no party like a frat party, McFadden's isn't exactly my scene but it might be yours. Still, I had fun, and wouldn't have a problem returning.ew, ew, ew.
i would have enjoyed this place at 17.
that being said, i went because a friend of mine was there, with friends of his.  and so therefore, i was protected by a group of grown up frat guys.  which was great, because they blended in with the rest of the scene.
i'm too old for a place where women still dance on bars, shots are being poured down people's throats, and where random guys still come up and try to dance with you.
so no, i will never return, thankyouverymuch.Mcfadden's is always a good time! Its like Philly's own Coyote Ugly. The new happy hour promotions are as good as it gets. Its a great step away from the typical olde city packed clubs that always play the same music.I went here for a friend's bachelor party...We had a great time..It was on a Saturday night, we had a table by the bar all the way in the back...We arrived around 9..it was low key a lot of people just having conversation and when around 10:30 hit it was a straight up party..The DJ gave a couple shout outs to my boy who was the bachelor (and there were actually 2 other bachlorette parties there at that night, that me and buddys hung out with for most of the night) ...All in all it was a fun time...Definitely recommend this place if your with a bachelor or bachlorette party, because me and my friends were totally taken care of...Well, there always seems to be a free happy hour every other weekend thanks to McFadden's 3rd Street and I'm not complaining!
I can't talk too much about their food selection seeing that 9 times out of 10, I am here for:
a) Drinks 
b) Dancing
But in any case, McFadden's serves everything under the sun. I believe bottles of Coors Light run for 2 bucks each and a jello shots go for 5. Not a huge fan of their shot prices but I guess that is pretty normal for all bars.
When you win a happy hour, you and your friends get no cover entry. Once inside, the winner gets free drinks for the duration of the happy hour and the friends get the $2 wells & drafts special. 
At different points throughout the evening, they will call for people (ladies, more or less) to dance on top of the bar and free shots are poured into the mouths of each and all. The music is hit or miss but I'm sure at some point of the night (perhaps after all those free shots) it ends up not mattering anyway.
Overall, a good place to spend with friends dancing, partying and making bad life decisions.