Ahh yes. McGlinchey's. Love the place. $2.30 for domestic bottles is a great deal in Center City Phila these days and you can't beat the 75 cent hot dogs. When you walk into McGlinchey's you feel like your being transported back in time about 40 years ago. The old decor inside is what makes McGlinchey's. It great to see that there are still old shot & beer dive bars around where you can go out and not spend a fortune like you do at most places these days. I will be definitly back again soon.My favorite dive bar in Philadelphia. The pints are cheap and you can smoke inside.When i was twenty one, I pretty much came to McGlinchey's once a week, to drink shots of Jamison and and cheep beer, smoke too much and listen to music and the conversations of those around me. people watch and plan to take over the world. 
McGlinchey's is the realization of every Bukowski novel Ive ever read. 
"the days go over the hills like wild horses" and I can't take the smoke as well, and the bathroom skeeves me a little more than it used to, but i still return for all the reasons stated in other reviews, just maybe every 6 months now. 
Side note; i was excited to use the lots o songs for lots o money juke box. i went up with a five, some cute girl came up and said" that's alot of tun edge Sir" Wow i felt old, but she was right.Popped on over to this spot after our first choice's line was around the block at midnight. No thanks.
I didn't realize you could still smoke in some establishments. Hmmph. My allergies didn't like that.
I was already good and drunk and almost hungover by the time we got a seat, so I was kinda miserable. But I seemed to fit in well with the staff, which was also quite sad. 
Wouldn't come back, probably ever. Just not my scene. Drinks were cheap, apparently, but I don't remember much :)If you don't like reeking of smoke and old man bartenders, then this isn't the place for you. To me, these are the things that make this place charming.
$2.00 and some change for a Miller High Life? $4.00 for a shot of Jameson? You can't go wrong with these prices.
It's small and smoky and people like to yell at one another, but it's refreshing to know McGlinchey's is one of the few bars in Philly that still allows smoking inside for its patrons and cheap ass drinks. Will definitely be back here.Here's one more place that could go either way. If you get a table you should be psyched and if your lucky enough to get the big corner table you should memorialize the occasion in some way. Needless to say it gets uber crowded. The drinks are cheep, but they used to be cheeper and for some reason the prices aren't even i.e. 2.10 for a lager so bring some change. Bar and "grill" doesn't really cover it...they serve hotdogs, if your veggie you can get a bun with onions and condiments for a quater, not the best drunk food but if you need something to soak up the well whiskey it works.  Chances are your going to see someone you know and more then likely someone you don't want to see. They do have a table top Ms. Packman, but you have to go there knowing that the staff is probably going to be rude to you...except for bernadette.A really quaint and wunnerful dive; gritty and disgruntled rather than sticky, futile, or feeble. A dive which attracts today's young tattooed 'Dennis-the-Menace' type losers rather than crusty old goats who've been losers all their lives. Highly recommended place to come to to drink quietly; check out bouncy t&a on the artsy/crafty type girls; and nurse a broken spirit.  Awesome pitcher specials: Yuengling Porter for $5. You can come in here to just drink and be left alone; without having to talk to anybody. Minimal conversation needed. When you're on a jagged edge..try this place. You don't want to make the fire department bring the airbag crew.Hot dogs for a buck
London Calling on the juke
Mug rings on the bar
You never plan on McGlinchey's happening; that sort of thing just comes along all on its own. It's the kind of place you can chill on a few beers and get a little raucous with friends and you're out of pocket expense will be under $15, even with a few hot dogs. 
You can still smoke inside, and it's a pretty safe bet that the rag they use to wipe down the tables are sitting in the same water as they were the last time you were there. The bathrooms; yeah they're gross, even for a dude's standards. Suffice it to say I wouldn't go in there in sandals. Or sober.
Overall though I've never had a truly bad experience at McGlinchey's. The beer is always cheap, and the bartenders are friendly in general. The bar is a nice atmosphere to meet people, as it takes up the whole middle of the room and you're staring across at someone else most of the time. The jukebox is pretty eclectic, but the music is never obnoxiously loud.
If it's a few days before payday and you're still on a night out with friends, don't plan on going to McGlinchey's. You'll end up there anyway when your cash is low and you don't want to head home.Cheap Hotdogs, Cheap Beer, Downtown Philadelphia, Smokey, Atmosphere not for the high class people I hate dealing with. Bartenders are witty/dont put up with shit. Love this spotGood hot dogs!!! Bartender was so sweet and saved me from a creepy man!! Door guy is really cool & let me use the bar's phone charger!!Smoking is allowed. Pitcher of beer for less then 10. And the music box is up for grabs. This is a legit Philly spot. Everyone works in the industry. And if you're a Philadelphian you'll be know how this place gets down.immoral, unsavory, disreputable; informal shady, sleazoid.  seedy, seamy, sordid, insalubrious, mean, cheap, low-class, run-down; informal scruffy, scuzzy, skeevy, crummy, skanky, flea-bitten. squalid seedy, insalubrious, squalid, sleazy, down-at-the-heel(s), shabby, dilapidated; informal scruffy, skanky, skeevy.
....but the beer is cheap, selection is decent....and no one seems to bother you much.
.....and oh yea.....the bathrooms...................You're not paying for smiles here, that's for sure.
Great for a night out with a bunch of frugal friends - and although I've never had one of the fabled 75 cent dogs, It makes me glad to know you can get them at Glinch.This place is beyond dive bar.  We are in deep sea dive bar territory here.  The waitress was beyond surly and the atmosphere was beyond burly.  The beers were warm from the tap and the bottle.  But you know what? I kinda liked it.  Not the "I liked it because you're not supposed to like it" liked it. It was nice to not have a bubbly waiter or waitress in your face every five minutes.  It was nice to get back change in dimes everytime I ordered a beer and watch them pile up.  It was REALLY nice to smoke.  And it was nice to be surrounded by people who just don't give a F and feel that "I don't give a F either" fog creep into your pores.  So there you go.If you just want a beer, a shot, and to smoke your cigarette in peace ; head to this place and saddle up to the bar. No bs, no screaming, no douchery. Just a weird red hue, smoke, and good ol drinking.this bar does not fuck around.  you go to mcglinchey's to DRINK.  if you want ambience and peach infused vodka, the bartenders will spit on you and tell you to go somewhere else.  okay, maybe they won't spit on you, but they won't exactly kiss your ass.  here's an example of the patron-bartender banter:
me: (smiling a little too widely)i really like your tattoos!
bartender: (lets out a disgusted grunt and walks away)
my friend, alex: god.  she was such a bitch.
me: really?  you think so?  i think i'm in love with her.
that said, mcglinchey's is my all-time favorite bar.This is a tough bar to rate, because you can have a totally different experience depending who is behind the bar.  I stop by here after work alot and have seen very attentive and friendly bartenders as well as lazy and rude ones.  I'd consider five stars if they had a more consistant staff & a cleaner bathroom, because everything else about the place is just what I'm looking for when I enter a dive... I can get a Lager bottle and shot of Jameson for a total of about $6, I can smoke, & they recently updated their juke box.  I can't vouch for the hotdogs, so you'll have to try your luck with them.Everything you could want in a dive bar... smoking indoors, the bar is dingey and clearly not very clean, and a good amount of the people are drinking by themselves or in small groups without talking that much. That being said, they have cheap beers and are in a good location, so if you want a solid dive bar I recommend it.I love this bar. Haven't been in 5+ years since I moved to California, but i often think about it. Last time I was there I drank $1.15 pints of Yuengling Porter all night.  How's that for a deal?I've been here a few times...apparently, it's where all the Borders employees used to hang (and maybe still do?), so I was talked into going a few times.. This place is downright DEPRESSING..seriously, it makes me want to cut myself!I was in Philly for no more than 36 hours recently, with a lot of sitting around to do.  I'm not much of a sightseer, so none of that stuff appealed to me (I've heard there's a bell or something), I was just looking for a comfortable bar where I could drink for cheap and not be judged for day-drinking alone.
I really struck gold with this place.  There are few bars like these left anymore, at least in major cities.  Good music, good clientele, good selection of drinks for good prices, and thank fuck for any bar you can still smoke in.  The bathroom is hilariously grim, seems to be a running joke among the regulars.  Fine for pissing, but I imagine the situation would become altogether bleaker should you (or anybody else) be occupying the open-plan stall/urinal for browner reasons.
The bartender Nina was lovely, had a nice chat with her about John Waters (who apparently used to frequent the place).  I live in Los Angeles and am never able to get that kind of conversation in the bars here, so go figure.  Everyone was friendly and talkative, perfect for a lone stumblebum like myself.  Ignore all the negative reviews on here, they seem to have been expecting something else entirely.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.The best dive bar in cc philly. You can smoke, you 3$ jose cuervo shots and 3.55ish slLove this place! Great smoking dive with an awesome juke box. Relaxed upstairs with a pool table if the downstairs gets to you. Bartenders polite and knowledgeable and the beer selection is decent and reasonably priced. Free wi fi as well. A great spot to grab a beer while waiting for the train.This is a smokers heaven. Unfortunately, I am not a smoker and prefer not to be in a cloud of it. Once I got past that, it's a decent dive type of bar.
The bar is in the center and the majority of the seating wraps around it. There are a few booths as well. The great thing about this spot is the drinks are cheap. They have a few decent beers on tap and a big line-up of hard liquor.
If I was able to tolerate the smoke, I could have had a wild night for next to nothing.The Glink is as close as you're gonna get to an old school Philly dive bar without heading out into neighborhoods where there are routinely shootings at such venues. The horseshoe bar, the smoke-faded murals, the CBGBesque men's room. Ah, now THAT'S character.
Yes, you can smoke here. If that bothers you, go to any of the other thousand smoke-free bars in the city. As a result of the smoking exemption, if you plan to spend any significant amount of time here, plan to burn your clothes and shampoo your hair three times after you stumble home. That grungy smell on you...probably from more than just the smoke!
The booze here is as cheap as you'll find anywhere in Center City. $2.30 Yuenglings, $1.85 shots...Just be forewarned that if you ask the wrong bartender for something fancy or something they don't stock or want to make, you might be asked to leave. Hell, who am I kidding, I've seen (one bartender who I won't name) instruct people to "get the fuck out" for asking for Jager shots. 
The hotdogs and kosher dogs (.75 and $1.25, respectively) are actually quite good! Don't be afraid to eat them, folks! They used to be made with Bernadette's TLC, but alas, she has since moved on to bigger and better things.
The staff are attentive and will promptly ask if you need a refill (provided you're sitting at the bar). If you're at a booth, well, be prepared wait awhile for service. And DON'T dare walk up to the bar to order a drink if you're being served at a booth. 
The bottom line: McGlinchey's is as authentic an old Philly bar as you will find in Center City. Folks from NJ and the 'burbs rarely find their way in here. While it has definitely become more hipster-friendly and less gritty over the past few years, it's still an awesome spot to sit, drink, and converse with fellow degenerates.Foolio, you ain't no grill.  Quit frontin.
McGlinchey's is a great place to break up with all of your tomorrows.
Thank God there's at least one bar in this town with a real live jukebox too.On Wednesday April 4th I stopped into McGlinchey's after a work function where Europeans were playing table tennis with such finesse and ferocity that is was equal parts horrifying & hilarious. That is when I embarked upon what was probably the best, and most needed, chili dog I've ever had in my life. I ate the chili that fell off the hotdogs with my bare hands and felt no remorse.Cheap drinks, you can smoke inside, and they play Steeler's games if you're a fellow Pittsburgher.  Highly recommend it to someone who seeks a dive bar and a chill place to hang out.I wanted to make the 100th a good one, and I cannot believe that I have never review the glinch. I can only try to do it justice through the hazy gaze of my sly fox soaked brain. 
Most of my friends have always been older than me, and if you have read any of my previous reviews, you know that I started frequenting some of the grosser bars in Philadelphia when I was just a baby (Actually! see reivew for Pub & Kitchen). However, McGlincheys was where I really learned how to drink.
I used to come here after work at 6 and stay until last call at 2 am, never spending more than 20 dollars on all the lager and hot dogs my stomach could handle. I loved the dirty boys, the mean waitresses, the smoke, and of course, the jukebox. I loved the feeling of getting away with something that obviously I shouldn't be doing. I loved it all. 
We always had the same waitress, Bernadette, who is no longer with the team. She was mean and crazy, but we loved her. I mean, she brought us lager and hot dogs, and cleared our ashtrays after just about each butt went out. We never put up a fuss, so she was always civil to us, although I have seen some crazy action from the waitresses there.
Which brings me to the next reason that I love McGlinchey's. For me, it is a family institution. My 96 year old Grandmother used to come here for drinks when she was teaching at UArts (PCA when she was teaching) with my grandfather and their friends (she says it wasn't as divey or smokey back then, I say Embrace it, Grandma). My parents used to come here when they were young advertisers living at the Sprucemont (based on my parents stories, apparently the glinch is a little more tame now than it was in the early to mid 80s, but then again what isn't?). I used to drink here underage, play radiohead song after radiohead song on the jukebox and long to be the girlfriend of one of the smelly, bearded boys at the bar with calf tattoos and ratty messenger bags. AND NOW, for the shiny glory of the Fox/Weiner family, my sister works here. That's right folks, A Fox at the Glinch. 
Last night when I brought two buddies from the burbs here (one is moving out west and wants to hit all of the Philly landmarks), my sister waited on us. And we could smoke. And radiohead was on the jukebox. 
I was wearing a new KJL tiger crystal bracelet, and I felt like a lady, so I refrained from eating a hot dog. And instead of yuengling, we were drinking sly fox because now we are adults. And sometimes adults go out on school nights and drink too much beer and smoke too many cigarettes and listen to too much radiohead. But aside from being able to eat dessert for dinner, that's really the best part about growing up, isn't it?
TTFN.My favorite place in the city. I come here every so often with my friends when we don't want to be bothered. The beer choice is great and the hot dogs they offer always hit the spot. It's not for the prissy or high maintenance.Love this Place, can get a bit smokey other than that cheap beer, good jute box, upstairsCheap drinks and an okay atmosphere. It was kinda dead when I went, though, except for a couple people at the bar. I went on a Tuesday after Fox, too.Another old local haunt.Between Mcglinchey's and Dirty Franks, I emptied a good majority of my money. Mc glinchey's, back in the days of yore was headed by Fergy the bar tender. He was a great guy. What wild nights! 
There was a stipulation when the bar was passed down from father to son that the price of beer would never surpass a certain percentage of the actual cost of beer. 90 cent pints of Guinness were all the rage ......Have fun even though I heard that fergy has moved on.The perfect divey oasis in center city. On a Saturday night my boyfriend and I left our s. Philly home and decided to wander up to center city and grab a drink. It seemed that everywhere was spewing with people. Every bar or restaurant we wandered into had a wait or was so crowded that a visual inspection of the bar was impossible, but then we turned the corner and our prayers were answered when the glinch came into view. We have been here before and love it's divey "from a different era" vibe and after an hour of rejection the feel of sliding into a red vinyl booth with a cold one was a gift from above. In summary this place is smokey and all the surfaces are a bit stickey, but in a posh eatery meca it's a lone wolf with its cheap drinks and no reservation required model.The dopest bar in Philly.
Drinks we consumed: 1. mysterious tequila, 2. mysterious bourbon, 3. moonshine (which is always mysterious)I think there should be a difference between a dive bar and a new circle of hell. After attempting to go to Jose Pistola's (a friend suggested it) and realizing there was not enough room for me and my boyfriend let alone the estimated 5 other people joining us later in the evening, we went exploring.  Next to Jose Pistola's there is a bar called Top's. I didn't think it looked interesting but just for the fun of it I decided to open the door. Upon entering the hallway with stairs leading up to the actual bar I felt a sense of doom. This is the same sense of doom most protagonists in horror movies probably feel before they first meet the serial killer. After smelling the smoke of 10,000 ashtrays and realizing the bar was eerily silent, I told my boyfriend that I was too scared to even go up the stairs. We left and headed to Good Dog bar to meet up with our friends. After meeting at Good Dog and realizing that there was the same space issue there, one of my friends suggested that we try McGlinchey's. Clearly my friend had never been there. 
We enter McGlinchey's and are met with a scene out of a horror movie. From the smoke to the trashy people dancing to the jukebox, this is the scariest dive bar that all of us have ever encountered. There is a door to the side that apparently is missing a handle. We found this out of course when a slim visibly intoxicated blonde woman started trying to open it with a butcher knife. She comes over to our table and starts mumbling some incoherent babble to us while casually swinging a butcher knife around. She is not our waitress, but an actual bartender at this establishment. Instead of leaving the Jeffrey Dahmer bar and grill, we stay. Someone in our group has went to the bar to get a couple drinks and after sitting there for around 10 minutes, our waitress finally comes over. 
Our waitress is probably what Adele would look like if Adele got a septum piercing, had 4 kids, and was in a chronic emo-metal stage circa 2004. Not only was she RUDE, bumping into me and one of our group when we enter without even an apology, but she has a very terrible attitude.  After she comes over, she tells us that if we are sitting then we need to order our drinks from her. She asks where our friend who was ordering drinks at the bar went and then leaves in a hurry to track him down. We get our drinks which are basically just soda and tonic water and quickly drink them just so we can leave. 
We later find out that the Top's bar is RELATED to McGlinchey's. Basically, McGlinchey's is a really good place to go if you want to hang out with the white trash population of Philadelphia and possibly wake up in the morning without a kidney.No, the service is not bad; no, the employees don't have an attitude; no, it's not gross or scary - it's a dive bar. You're going to get a drink in an efficient manner with no bullshit and little small talk from the bartender - they're there to work. Sorry if the floor is a little sticky - again, you're in a dive bar. People spill drinks sometimes. Deal with it. You want to be served a double-hopped IPA with a soupcons of elderberry and undertones of shoe leather by a Mixologist in an establishment with high-ass ceilings and reclaimed wood tables, don't come here. If you want a place where you can sit quietly, drink and be left alone, McGlinchey's is your place.This place---- holly packed.  Lots of fun if i was in a large group. Very hard to get service with how packed, but it was soooo hopping. I would love to go back if there was 75-100 less ppl insideMcGlincheys is the ultimate dive bar. Dirty and dingy but you can smoke and drink for mad cheap. Always a friendly crowd in there too. Love ya!I don't smoke, so this isn't a place I am going to frequent.  That said, I have major respect for the waitresses here.  Not only are they totally road hard, but they will put tipsy jerks like myself in my place.  
The booze is cheap and the clientele is real.  Worth a visit(s).
Oh, and they have photohunt.  Major points.Visiting from NYC, my boyfriend & best friend and I were looking for a bar you could still smoke in.  Specifically a divey bar you could smoke in.   
Thanks, Yelp!
It was all of these things, and had really cheep booze also!  We didn't stay all night, but the time we spent there was very well spent.  Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive.  The older gentleman behind the bar kept making us jump (and laugh) every time it sounded like he flung a glass - it sounded like a lot of glasses were broken in the time we were there. 
It's divey and dirty and I did not visit the restroom (luckily, from what I read!) but it was exactly what we needed.Cheap beer, always run into someone i know or who recongizes me. can't do shots. never a bad time.I used to really like coming here. Cheap ass beer. Decent jukebox. Horrendous service. I like the older gentlemen behind the bar. He has always been great.
The last couple of times, I have just wanted to leave. It stinks horribly and I guess I am growing up, but I'd rather have good service in a cheap bar than bad service. Sorry.
It's not even that cheap anymore...Mcglincheys staff was very racist towards non-white friends who were with me at the time. sad! I'm from out of town but I've never experienced anything like thisIt's dirty, smelly, and the bathrooms are disgusting.  But something keeps enticing me to return to McGlinchey's.  The prices are good, especially for the area, and selection isn't bad either.  I wouldn't eat anything here, but it's a great place to swing by and grab a pitcher, or a cheap glass of Maredsous, which always seems to be on draft.
You can smoke inside here.  The one thing I love is the fact that everyone can be found within the doors of McGlinchey's, no one's an outsider.This place is the epitome of a dive. Cheap beer, you can smoke inside, and, although I found the waitresses to be friendly enough, you can tell they could kick your ass. Huge bar right in the center with booths all around the walls. This place is dirty and reeks of smoke. I wouldn't recommend eating here. It gets busier as it gets later in the evening.YES!!!!! I can have my nose in the air just as high as anyone else, but in reality, I'm POOOOORRRR!!! I was in Philly for a conference and had spent my entire per diem already but was still wanting to go out and socialize. I asked the waiter at our restaurant where HE went after work, and he said...McGlinchey's! With $2.65 "Porter" or Rolling Rock on tap, we were set! My group settled into a side booth too small for the average American (thank goodness we are scronny scientists, and some how could squeeze) and were told our waiter would be right with us. Smoking allowed inside....yep! The bartender had to go poke a small disheveled women passed out in the booth across the bar! Her half sleepy face accentuated her grumpy attitude as she attempted to memorize our orders in vain and yelled at us when she messed up! Yep...this was on a Monday night....it was about 11pm and the bar was 70% full. People were here to drink and were probably annoyed by our group's bubbly enthusiasm. Needless to say when you get change off your $3 to the bartender for a pint...we quickly devolved into redicdonc behavior and attempted to close down the bar until we realized we had work the next day.
Oh...the bathroom....I hope you have your Hepatitis series done!Those who don't like McGlinchey's are either non smokers or sticks in the mud who just shouldn't be going there to begin with. Leave, get out, go home. We don't want you there anyway ! Oh, yeah. Peace and love to you. 
McGlinchey's, ye ole lass. Never close down. Here
's to you.I'm so torn. so i'm going to give it a middle of the road three-stars.
what the hell with the prices? why not normal even dollar amounts? do i really want to carry change around with me?
takes forever for the waitress to come back around to your table and they won't serve you at the bar if you're sitting at a table.
the bathroom.....well..........
crowded.
but.
you can smoke inside (i guess this is bad for some). it's cheap. and it's got a neighborhood-y local vibe. 
i guess what i mean to say is....come here if you're in the mood. but only if you're in the mood.It's been my favorite bar since I was a college student. Cheap beer and Cheap hot dogs. and still smoking! :  )This is the first bar I ever drank at in Philadelphia back when I was 18, probably because it was the only bar that accepted my shoddy fake id that I made with Paintshop.
Our waitress that cold rainy night was a tattooed chick wearing a Kowalskis t-shirt. She might have been in the band, I don't know.   Almost ten years later, I wonder what ever happened to that nice waitress who, with great friendliness, served a blatantly underage party of three.This is perhaps the best hidden dive bar in the middle of downtown Philly. If you want to see the real philly, this is the place to be. Good traditional drinks, the bartenders are rough but my fave was Abigail. Great for people watching and getting a nice buzz for the day.Hands down the best bar in the city.  If you like a smokey dark atmosphere that actually feels like a bar, this is the spot.  The seats are worn, the drinks are cheap, and the crowd is familiar.  
But be polite - the staff here does not operate on "The Customer is Always Right", and I applaud them for that.  If you feel like your service is taking too long, maybe this isn't the bar for you.  It gets busy there on the weekends.  Lastly, packaged goods are available for take out.
However if a smokey unlit atmosphere is what you're searching, look no further.  Draughts are absurdly affordable.  If you are into taking shots, its probably half the price you pay elsewhere.  And if you need to keep your stomach full - hot dogs are available along with a few other snacks.  
On the weekends seats fill up and people do not leave.  They are there for the long haul.  The crowd is usually regulars who know and love the place and want to be there for as long as possible.  Week nights it is definitely less crowded and a seat at the bar is your best option.This place is a Tom Wait's song. "And you can't find your waitress with a Geiger counter / And she hates you and your friends and you just can't get served without her / And the box-office is drooling, and the bar stools are on fire..."
I'm not even kidding. The waitresses hate you, the drinks are dirt cheap (and might have dirt in them), the bathrooms look like twenty skater kids were handed sharpee's and a sheet of acid and told to go nuts, the hot dogs percolate in a bin of filthy water that looks like it was imported from the Hudson river, and the jukebox is full of excellent music to sing to when you want to punch somebody in the face.
If this is your idea of a good time, you will love it.Local Kenzinger Kolsch style beer for $3.50 a pint. 13 beers on tap. Guinness...Boddingtons. Knowledgeable bartenders. Good atmosphere. Kitchen open late. Great.Where can I study midday while sipping on a $2.35 porter with an episode of COPS playing quietly in the background? Or, what if I want a hot dog at midnight but don't want to leave the bar? I can get one for 75 cents. This place makes me feel dirty (hot dogs? COPS?), but also not care.  
The jukebox is my favorite (so far) in Philadelphia--I've only lived here 6 months, so I need to do more research.  But McGlinchey's reminds me of my beloved Chicago dive bars that I miss so much. No pretense, just a relaxing, smokey hang out.  And every time I come alone, I always manage to meet an interesting character or two.
Why 4 stars? I manage to get the same waitress almost every time I'm there and no matter how nice I am or how well I tip she always takes forever and acts like I'm ruining her life somehow.  I've kind of just given up and embraced it.McGlinchey's is a great Center City dive. Especially if you're a smoker. Nice cheap drink specials. Disgusting bathrooms with more graffiti than you'll ever be able to read, snarky waitresses [and by snarky I mean downright bitches but it's awesome] and sub par food. Do yourself a favor, don't get the hot dogs. They are soggy and made me pretty sick. 
But overall a fun place to be. It's a great mix of hipsters, Yuppies, and old men [which includes a bartender who looks about 113 years old...but he's still got it!]great little dive bar.....was here the other day and stopped in for a kenzinger beer along with one of thier polish dogs and had a great time.....young bartender was very nice and we both had a nice conversation......old fashion bar with smoke smell, dark walls, dim lighting....just what a dive bar should be !   i used the toilet and i do have to say is that won the prize for the most grafitti i have ever seen in a mens room and it def. smelled like one too......nice little crowd....would recommend for you dive bar crawlers too check this one out......on to the next dive bar !!!!I love the place.    I have been going here on my visits to Philly since the early 90's.   The old guy is Fred.   He actually does not like people getting totally sloshed.   He scolded me for swigging some cocktails rather quickly and also told some guy that wanted a Jaeger  bomb to "buy a bottle and sit at home."      People still get drunk in spite of him but he tries to maintain some order.    The jukebox is great.    I always visit here before going to a concert or Phillies game.     I love sitting there on a late afternoon day alongside some old derelicts and art school girls cutting class.    Im unable to drink like I used to due to some health problems (tia-blood pressure)   but I will stop in again for a few drinks very soon.      In my younger years my friends and I would drive into Philly just to drink there.   That's totally insane!My favorite bar in the city when I go to the turf club  Marie is an awesome  bartender.Ah yes... The Glinch.
You never start your night (or happy hour) there.  McGlinchey's is best enjoyed after you've had a few drinks already and decide that a jukebox, a Ms. Pacman, and cheap beer are the ingredients to make your night go up a notch or two.
Bring cash (for the bar), bring quarters (for Ms. Pacman), bring patience (for the waiters), and don't forget to put a $5 bill in the jukebox.  You'll thank me later.I love this place.  CHEAP!  The food is great too!  Nice and greasy.
I had thought Philly banned smoking from food establishments but this place is one of the few that does not honor it.  I love that seedy dive bar feel and atmosphere!  I seriously do like this place!!!
If you want friendly chatter and an atmosphere.  Don't come here.  You are coming to a "dive" bar.  Come with that in mind and you are GOLDEN!
I think this is my favorite DIVE bar nationwide!!!
I gave it one less star only because I end up feeling sick afterwards!  Drunk and full with grease!   So I guess I should give them that star back?  Hmmm...I will come back to update my rating.  Maybe they will get that star! muhahahahaSo this place is a gay bar now.... I'm sad not because there is anything wrong with that but... I'm straight and to me, I'm out. I really liked that place. Have fun gay people!my favorite bar in philly--it's a place you can go with friends and sit at the table, or on your own and saddle up to the bar. great mix of folks from all backgrounds, and just the right amount of philly attitude.For the love of God, put soap in the bathroom and a decent stack of paper towels -hey ! Forget the paper towels. Soap ???????? Something !!The pluses: centrally located to Rittenhouse square and the end of the Patco High Speed Line, cheap and they allow smoking (one of a handful of remaining Philadelphia bars that still do)
The minuses: the place is as divey as can be (and not in a good way), the bartenders don't know how to make anything more complicated than a jack and coke well and the bathrooms are about as disgusting as any place I've been in the city.
If you have choices and are looking for a smoking bar, I'd go to The Locust instead.omg, if i could just describe this place. Its a whole in the wall. Its like going into your own closet in the dark. This place was extremely small and Dark. If your a smoker, its definitely your spot. Its a room of smokers. It is cheap but they only receive cash. Bartender looked super lost or high.Cheap beers, smoking allowed, and Mrs Packman table. Hell yea. Spent a solid few hours in McGlinchey's on Saturday night with some friends and went through a few packs of smokes, $15.00 in change on Mrs Pack man, and 100 beers for about 20 bucks. Good timesGreat bar and very friendly people behind it. Some of you might complain about the bathroom or the crowd. If that's the case go elsewhere and get ripped off by paying double the money for a drink. This place is been In Business for 30 years bc it's a place to hang out and have a good time. 
Dave and Marie and all the staff are doing a great job.The best dive bar in center city bar none.  I used to go every thirsty Thursday night and most weekends.  Yeah, it's just like the others posted, its smokey, bathroom's filthy, bar maids are bitches...but you can't get enough.  You know it's bad for you but you keep going back.  God I love this place.If you like dive bars and the scene that come with the cheap drinks. This place is the beat true dive in center cityMet up with my friend's sister here the other night. I like dive bars, but this place was way too depressing and smokey.  I guess it's a good place to go if you want to smoke....If you do not smoke or frequent real dive bars and have an open heart...stay away. Nobody wants you here. If you want real classic diviness...this is your place. You know if you like this kind of place or not. Don't bitch if you dont understand this environmentCheap (and i mean CHEAP) beer
& even cheaper hott doggs
The booths are uber tiny and u will squeeeeeeze yo kinky ass in them booths to drink a $2.35 porter!!!! (whats that u say) YES!!! $2.35!
The hott doggs are hott doggs, but with some chili on them, they are the best you have ever had (also after a few drinks inya)
dark, dirrrrrrrty as hell & the most diverse group of people in the city....
but ull get shitty for less than a 20 spot!!! WAT WAT IN THE BUTTTTT!!! HAHA
go there and EXPECT to be treated like ur scum of the earth by the servers, but pay no mind to it visitors and tourist...they r just showing you some love....
inna Philly way ;)McGlinchey's is the type of dive bar you seen in a movie and think to yourself "I really wish I could be there right now". It's dark, smokey, has a big round bar, and an extremely diverse crowd. You walk in and immediately feel like you've been there before, which can either be comforting or played-out depending on your opinion. 
There are several reasons why I dig this place:
1. The beer is super cheap. You can get  a 12oz bottle of Chimay Grande Reserve for $5 (hell yeah :D), and I believe that Miller High Lifes are only like $2. 
2. It's one of the only bars, if not the only one, that has given a big "fuck you" to the smoking ban. It's nice for smokers, but it can get a bit intense on the weekends. I've walked out of there with teary eyes from the smoke but hey, i'll take red eyes for the privilege to smoke and drink in the same area.
3. THE MS. PACMAN TABLE. Seriously, how much better can it get? My best friends and I love having tournaments while getting shitty. It's the BEST.
Now, for the bad. As much as I like this place, I was seriously tempted to give it 3 stars because 90% of the staff is mean, rude, and slow. Seriously, I've never wanted to slap a restaurant employee more than I have there and that's saying a lot because I've worked and grown up in the restaurant industry my whole life. I had an incident there last weekend when I went up to get a round of drinks for my friends and I and this is what happened when I asked the bartender for them:
Me - I'd like two Chimay's and a Boddington's please
Bartender - Are you sitting at the bar?
Me - No, we're at the Pacman table
Bartender - Then you can wait for the server to take your order
Me - What the hell, are you serious?
Bartender - Yup
Me - You realize you're losing money on this because I would tip you, right? (but he didnt hear this because he was already walking away)
Oh, and just in case your curious, it was the tall and old bartender. Avoid him like the plague.
Despite that, I keep coming back to the place because it really is just the epitome of what you could ask for in a Dive. Asshole employees and all.After a serious case of jet lag I finally ventured out into the big bad world and hopped on a bus into Philly. 
I was told about this place by a fellow irish person in another bar. And after being to four irish bars since I've been here, this was the fifth and defo the most authentic. 
It was small, dark, smokey (though smoking is now banned back home) and the music was sweet. I don't smoke myself but there's something about a smokey bar that just feels right.
The guy behind the bar whos name I forget was too cool, chatting about Philly, philosophy (to which I just smiled and nodded) and other weird stuff.
Beer was cheap as hell and I got to enjoy it while listening to Creedence and Soundgarden.
Honestly, what more do you want.
Bathroom is fine. Compared to back home it was sparkling. In fact I think that whole dirty bathroom thing is just for show. You won't die people, it's just a bathroom.It's like stepping into a different time. Its dark, and dingy, and smells like cigarettes. There's a really modern jukebox that doesn't fit the decor at all but it's really fun to play songs on it while you're getting drunk off of really (really!) cheap drinks. This is 100% my favorite center city bar.If you want your waiter to sit down at your booth, cuddle up and be your buddy, and happily attend to all of ridiculous demands, there's an Applebee's a half a block down. If you're an asshole, the McGlinchey's staff has no problem telling you so. Then again, even you aren't an asshole, they might be dicks anyway. That's not what I need every day of my life,  tut there's something very empty about corporate chain management and the change of pace redeems this place. Some people don't quite get that. If nothing else, the beers are cheap and the crowd is cool and the button down corporate types will avoid the place on most nights. Haters gonna hate though.Dive bar par excellence. Cheap cheap cheap pitchers of beer. A Philadelphia institution beloved by starving artists from out of town who just want to get plowed without spending their last dollar.Came here on St. Patty's  - loved the little old man that was coming around cleaning up and also passing out some party favors. It's a total dive bar this place, but that's what I love the most about it. No pretentious attitudes, just people drinking and having some fun! The only down side to this place was that it was St. {Patty's weekend in Philly and they had one girl working the bar. She was slammed! Finally, a second bartender came, but she seemed to be taking care of all of the tables. These poor women were just slammed with customers and I really felt bad for them! They each needed drinks! lol Regardless, I enjoyed this place and would def. come back. Love dive bars with an old school feel like this one!