After seeing the many glowing reviews this place has received I decided to give them a chance. Megumi has exceeded every expectation I've had. I've been to Ramen shops in Japan and all over Chinatown Philly and lemme tell you that this place is legit. Megumi really brings their A game with big bold flavors, high quality Ramen and impressive broths that you can tell were made with much love and care. I had a miso Ramen with no meat (ugh lent) and my gf had the Jigoku with no meat as well. The miso had an amazing flavor and the pork aspect of the broth didn't overpower it. The Jigoku was wonderfully porky and just the right of spice to make you sweat but want more. We had a few other samplings such as the shrimp buns, corn croquettes and eel roll and they all knocked it out of the park! I shall return because this place was too good to only come once!Nice little place with a great selection of sushi. Fresh ingredients very friendly staff I would definitely come back. Only thing to consider is that it is a BYOB but you can go next door and they will give you a discount on all liquor. All and all great place!Walked in at 8:30 on a Saturday night, and we were immediately seated!
We both ordered jigoku ramen considering we like spice and were so pleased with it. The broth was flavorful and salty. The noodles and the egg were prepared well. Also, the spice level was spot on - potent but not overwhelming. I personally thought the portion was huge, and it's the best value ramen I've had in the city for $11.
Only negative for me is I felt the ramen selection was a tad limited. The sushi menu is huge though. My boyfriend had an eel hand roll and enjoyed it, so maybe we'd try more of the sushi next time!Great job! Authentic Japanese Ramen. Service was good too.
I didn't like the sushi so much. But I mostly came for the Ramen and it was satisfying.Great service, outstanding sushi.  Highly recommend if your in the area.  Apecial sushi rolls are on point.  Bubbke tea is delicious.  Check it out pplIt was a cold breezy night. Our favorite noodle bar was crowded yet again. They tell us its a 40 min wait. So we went outside looking for some bubble tea but instead came across this gem instead. Their sushi is delicious! One of the employees said they get their fish fresh every day from a market. I got a philly roll and pork ramen. Mr. Got a tempura roll and pork ramen. Both meals were delish!Granted the philly roll didnt have any fish but it was still amazing. All the ingredients taste fresh. This place gets 5 stars!Nataly N and I checked out Megumi this past weekend.  I hadn't heard much about it and know of a certain other ramen place around the corner that is tops in Chinatown (and maybe the city).  Having to bring their 'A' game, Megumi delivered.
Besides offering 4 types of ramen, Megumi has a full sushi line.  We figured ordering a standard roll on top of our ramen would probably leave us in a good spot (foodwise).  The tuna & avocado roll was basic but impressive.  They did not cheap out on the fresh tuna!
For ramen, I went with the Shio while Nataly N ordered the Miso.  The ramen was loaded with pork, mushrooms, sprouts, scallions, nori, and half a marinated egg.  Typically I've seen items like the egg come at additional charge, but not at Megumi.  You also have your choice of how you'd like the noodles cook (hard, middle, soft), which I don't typically see at ramen places.
The favor profile of the Shio was solid.  Together with how loaded it was, I left feeling that other ramen place around the corner has some competition.  While I'm not ready to crown a new ramen king, Megumi should make things interesting as they come along!Craving some hot ramen on an unseasonably cold spring day, Megumi (which I had bookmarked for awhile now) absolutely hit the spot...especially after frolicking outside at Franklin Sqaure Park down the road. Which by the way mamas, Chinatown & FSP always go hand in hand so well. Park once and walk to both! Best way to do it! 
Five types of ramen to choose from including a vegetarian option, which without the egg is indeed vegan. I was so happy to see this! I opted for the non-spicy broth because I was sharing with the kiddos. It was very flavorful and absolutely packed with fresh veggies, meaty mushrooms, scallions, perfectly soft and generous amounts of noodles and bean sprouts, I personally would've ordered mine with a bit more kick. A little chili oil and it was just perfect! A huge, filling bowl! Big enough for me and my two little to split although next time I may just get my own, have leftovers and go for spicy! Yum! 
Hubs went with the jigoku ramen with homemade ,spicy sauce with chicken broth,spinach,menma,black mushroom,nori and egg and beef. Said it was a solid 4.5/5. 
We also split the avocado salad with a nice portion of fresh, perfectly sliced avocado on-top of greens with a delicious chunky ginger dressing which tasted like it had a bit of citrus. Crisp and light! 
Excited to come back when the fam can't agree on ramen or sushi! Love having both options! There were also a few apps that sounded temping such as the corn curry croquets and the tofu. 
They offer lunch specials: 2 rolls for $7.95 abs 3 for $11.95. Served with soup or salad. M-F till 3:30. 
We were served by Michelle, the owner herself. She was very kind and our plates came out remarkably quickly. Great service!The portions are just right, miso broth with udon noodles (I requested udon instead of ramen) was absolutely flavorful, though a bit too salty which is not surprising as it is miso. The egg is only half an egg (always wish they'd just give the entire egg) but it was cooked well, the yoke was soft, and there was a good amount of vegetables which always makes the dishes feel healthier.
I ordered the chasu pork and this was done right in flavor and texture.  It was not dry, it pulled apart nicely and the fat interspersed between fibers of muscle gave it a nice spring to each bite.  
I would come here again, but might ask them to dilute the miso broth just a bit more.The ramen is delicious. everything was delicious to be exact! The ramen on the cold wintery storm of a day was perfect! Will definitely be back!My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try after seeing long lines at Terakawa. We ordered two Miso ramens and were both pretty disappointed. My boyfriend thought his soup tasted very bland with no hint of miso. The pork pieces were cold and too well cooked. I had to agree with him. The dishes just didn't seem well put together. It seemed like a reheated bowl of ramen.This place was awesome! Was gonna go to
another place around the corner that was packed. This place was just as good if not better and cheaper. There ramen combos were really good as well! And the service was excellent very friendly and nice!The noodles are perfect and the waiters are so nice. That restaurant I went to makes the best food I ever tasted it and the sushi are so delicious!Hubby and I were looking for a place that hadn't been cited by the health department and this place fit the bill. He had Sapporo Shio Ramen, and he thoroughly enjoyed it. I had Sapporo Fish Shoyu Ramen. I thought there would be real fish in mine but it was fish cake. It was tasty and enjoyable but would have been better with actual fish. I also had fried oysters and they were cooked perfectly!!! I'll be back again if only for the oysters.Very good ramen and sushi pizza with reasonable pricing.
We ordered the spicy ramen and it is very tasteful. We will certainly go back to try the other sushi and ramen.Excellent food! The ramen was a bit on the salty side, but it had a good texture, the noodles were cooked perfectly, and the chicken was amazing!So far so good, food is Amazing and good. Super fresh ramen. For the price that you pay is pretty cheap compare to Miami FL. Will come back again and bookmarked.Really Authentic and delicious Japanese food at Here.  My favorite spot for sushi in Chinatown.  Excellent service as well, clean and fancy atmosphere that's great for anything whether it's for lunch and dinner.  Highly recommend the Ramen and Pork Buns are a must.They have a great atmosphere, very clean, great service, great sushi, but my boyfriend and I got ramen with no eggs which were supposed to be included and the broth was very oily. I had to stop eating because it left an oily aftertaste in my mouth after each bite.I wholeheartedly welcome a new ramen shop in town, and a great quality one at that!
We tried the shio ramen with pork and jigoku ramen with chicken. Both had very flavorful broths, perfectly cooked noodles, meat and egg. The shio ramen had a very good meaty umami broth in particular.
Will definitely try the sushi next time we're back here!Megumi is a nice new ramen spot in town. I tried it with my friend and had a good time. The service was fair during a busy dinner time and, so was the price. In total, I think the bill ended up being less than $20. For that price, I ordered the shoyu ramen with a salmon roll. All of the dishes were pretty solid and good. 
I would be down to come back here again with some friends and catch up. The space is fair but I imagine it can be hella packed during lunch and dinner times. 
Overall: 4 (Rounded)
Food: 4
Service: 3
Price: 4
Atmosphere: 4Went here with my husband and baby on a Saturday afternoon. The interior is nice and clean. The menu is simple, ramen, sushi, and some bubble tea.  We order the bbq squid for appetizers, I had the tonkotsu ramen and my husband had the spicy one which I forgot the name of it. The squid is flavorful, just wish there's a little more on the size. The ramen soup base is good, portion size is perfect for me. I would recommend this ramen place.I like this place.I tried their ramen，it was very delicious,.I also like their takoyaki it was so good . I will be ！！！I came here to catch up with one of my old friends on a Tuesday night, around 6. The place was half empty.
First of all, stellar interior design. Even though it's a medium to small sized restaurant, the design made it seem a lot more spacious.
In terms of the taste, it was decent, around three star quality. I got shio pork ramen. I'm a big fan of Japanese ramen, and it seemed a bit too salty compared to those of other restaurants. Nevertheless, since Philly only has shitty ramen places, this restaurant still tops them all. The restaurant includes vegetarian options for ramen. 
The servers were very humble and nice. Overall, for the ambience, service and a wide selection of foods including vegetarian option, I'd give this restaurant a 3.5Since this particular store location has changed multiple times as a ramen restaurant, I wanted to see how this version compares to its previous attempts. The interior design has gotten a nice touch up now that it's also a sushi bar. I ordered the shio ramen and was promptly served tea and the entree. In terms of the ramen, it was a satisfying, standard bowl of ramen. The broth had an almost completely rich, deep flavor to it. The meat, while definitely not the most tender, had it's fatty and less fatty portions. However, it was a tad cold and was not properly reheated. The noodles, when eaten with a spoonful of soup, had plentiful taste but on it's own, it had not yet absorbed the flavors in the soup. Overall, I was happy with the meal and would definitely come back for any future, quick ramen cravings.I was recommended by friends to try out this new place because they apparently had superb ramen, so I thought it was perfect to bring my boyfriend here on a Valentine's day date. First of all, service was spot-on! They were attentive and very quick in cooking the food which in other ramen places in Chinatown take about 15-20 minutes. This place took about 10 minutes tops. However, despite the short wait for the chicken shoyu and the shio ramen that my boyfriend and I have gotten, it was somewhat bland. The shoyu and shio broths did not have any distinguishing flavors that stood out. It mostly just tasted like chicken noodle soup but without any salt or seasoning. The chicken was incredibly dry and tasteless but we tried to finish it because we try not to waste food. The eggs were perfectly creamy and was probably the highlight of each bowl. The noodles were also perfectly cooked and they do have options of how hard you want them from soft, medium and hard which is not the case for most ramen places that I've been to. Overall, great service but the ramen is something I wouldn't try again.We got the beef udon,  it was so delicious!  Would come again definitely!  Have been here twice and the udon never fails!!!this is my favourite sushi bar in philly, and their new ramen is much better then months ago. How brilliant their ramen are! It is said tue ramen was imported from japan, it must be trueCame here on a Saturday night and it was great. The place was pretty full but it's a lot bigger than other ramen places in philly so we were seated pretty quickly. We ordered a specialty sushi roll and I got the jigoku pork ramen. Both were absolutely amazing. The sushi was really fresh and had a lot of flavor. The ramen broth was spicy but not overwhelming and it was not too salty, but they also give you the option of less sodium if you are salt conscious. They also gave our table edemame on the house, which we loved. This is a new place but it is really great! Highly recommend.There was no taste before eating noodles today, the eggs were stinky, the pork had no taste, and the waitress was so bad that she would not come again next time.Went on a Wednesday night with my friend. Requested a table but the host said no and made us sit at the bar, even though there were two unseated tables. Service was okay. We both ordered Jigoku Ramen. They were okay. Nothing spectacular. Will I go back? I don't think so. Food and service were mediocre. I'd rather go to Terakawa, which is basically just 1-min walk away from this place.This is one of my favorite ramen and sushi bars I've ever went too. The taste of the food is authentic especially the sushi. I prefer the sushi over the ramen mainly because there is a more variety and there are special rolls. One of my favorite sushi rolls are the dragon rolls because of the fresh creamy avocado with a authentic taste of Japanese sushi. I rate this place 5 stars because the food is rich and authentic. The atmosphere of this pace is very silent but I like it because everyone is doing there own business and no private thing are shared. I definitely recommend this place for families and teens who want to have a great time along with great sushi and ramen.Came here on a Wednesday night with my boyfriend, the restaurant was basically empty. Only 4 tables filled with customers and 1 table for the employees to work at.. which they should've meet to the back to do all their paperwork. The table was messy with all the paperwork and made it look unprofessional.
The server we had was very nice. We ordered both ramen and sushi. The broth was bland.. not enough flavor but the portion was good. The uni, sweet shrimp and oyster was great. Very fresh. However, there were only two tiny pieces of uni and the rest was rice. That was a rip off, $5/piece for a bed of rice.
Will we come back? Probably not, we came because it was a new ramen joint in town and the reviews said it was good.Honestly don't think the ramen is all that. The broth can't compete with its previous shop Naoki. Also the sushi was soft but seaweed was chewy. It's more expensive than others ramen shops in Chinatown as well. Interior is dark, makes it a little uncomfortable. Server was rude. Don't think I'll be coming back.Great place to eat in Chinatown. The service was nice as soon as we walked in. The sushi or raw fish comes in a nice showing plate. Overall the food was good and would come again. Although they ain't got any male workers , it's cool females be popping tooVery nice place with some great food. The menu has a lot of options to choose from. The service was great and the restaurant is very clean and comfortable. I had the shio with pork and my gf had the shoyu and both were delicious. 10/10 would eat here again :)Megumi is a modern addition to Chinatown that reminds me of an Asian fusion joint. It feels more directed toward the younger crowd I'd say, and is great for meeting up for business even. 
The price for ramen and sushi were what I expected, and there are some nice specials on there as well. I ended up getting a tuna and salmon lover which were good for the craving and pretty. Not leaving with a stomach ache was also a good sign (I'm looking at you Aki). My friend got the veggie ramen and enjoyed it as well. I'd say the star here is the ramen or special rolls and not so much standard sushi rolls/sashimi. 
One weird thing is my other friend got a unagidon but it was more of a deconstructed eel roll then an eel bowl. He didn't mind though. 
Some other nice things about Megumi is that they have a daily special on the blackboard and if you pay in cash it's 10% off the bill. I'll have to come back again to try their pork ramen.It's good! The tempura shrimp was crispy and karaage was jUuuuiccy af . The Unagi Don was flavorful.The food was okay.
The waiter was annoying,keep coming but didn't even talk...
The place in the other hand is pretty nice
Everything seems new and great setting.
Bathroom is pretty clean and nice.
But the ramen compare to the other vendors around is pretty bland. 
I just didn't want to wait in line at Terakawa because it was bitter cold outside 
The sushi it's pretty small portions 
Comparing to Bubblefish (8)
They give only six pieces for salmon avocado roll
Will i be back? 
Not sure! Maybe not.My boyfriend and I are huge sushi consumers so when we saw a flier for this place when they opened we had to try it. Let me just say- since then we probably go at least once a week. Megumi does not disappoint. Their rolls are average priced, fresh, and filling. Their salmon avocado salad is the best I've ever tasted. We are literally addicted! We haven't tried the ramen yet because every time we are craving sushi this is where we go, but there's always people dining around us having ramen, so it must also be consistently good. Love love love.Ramen spots are hard to find, even in Chinatown. However you won't be disappointed  with megumi, unless you're a ramen expert.
Must try: any ramen
Meh: pork buns
Missed: pork katsu bowls
My friends and I were feeling the urge to partake in a warm bowl of brothy ramen after multiple nor'easters have wrecked havoc on our mic placed spring mood. While race street is a few blocks past the initial concentration of Chinatown eateries, megumi is worth the exploration. As for food, I tried the spicy ramen with pork. The portion was respectable for a ramen joint and the noodles were perfectly balanced in terms of chewiness and al dente. You can definitely taste the complexity of the broth, although this is compromised with the sharpness of the fatty pork as it cuts through the complexity like a greasy knife.
As for the non ramen items, I only took a bite of the pork bun and I wasn't impressed with the cool doughy wrap and the mayo dressing. It's unique for sure, but I can't say I loved it.
Overall, this was an above average ramen shop, and I are fly recommend checking it out.Meat ramens were too meaty tasting. Tasted like I was drinking chicken noodle soup. Vegetable ramen was amazing! The broth is vegetarian but you could never tell. I HIGHLY recommend asking for less salty. I didn't do this and the server had to refill my glass of water 4 times. Also tried the tempura appetizer which was good but they brought our appetizer right after serving our ramen so it got cold. Also tried the Japanese fried chicken special which was massively disappointing. Dry and not crispy. Would definitely recommend this restaurant for lunch in Chinatown.Ramen always made me think of instant soup you can buy in a grocery store for 99 cents. That was a primary reason why I always stayed away from it. It wasn't until I watched a documentary on Netflix where an American living in Japan received the highest award for making the best Ramen when I got interested in it. My goal for today was to have Pho but unfortunately my regular place was closed for the summer that is how I came across this restaurant. Entire vibe in this place was quite pleasant at first. Music was enjoyable, decor stylish, dimmed lighting. Unfortunately, that Zen experience was ruined when bunch of screaming kids entered with their parents. On top of that staff seated them next to me when entire place was nearly empty. Bad call in my opinion which costs one star in my rating. Besides that, service was good. I ordered Jigoku Ramen which was spicy. I am no ramen expert therefore all I can say is that it was good. I also ordered Japanese pork dumplings which were delicious but could be a little bigger. This place has a nice selection of sushi rolls which will be tried next time when I come here.I'm one of those Yelpers who are always on Yelp but  never post... However, this is an exception. After seeing the soaring reviews on this place, I thought it was finally time for me to try it.
When I arrived around 3:45pm on a Monday, it was relatively empty and we were greeted warmly by the server. It was already off to a good start. I decided to go with the Shio ramen(less salt) while my friend went with Jigoku. It was promptly brought out, steaming and well presented. When I tasted the broth, I was impressed by how flavorful it was despite having less salt. I also tried the Jigoku ramen and it exploded with flavor(if you're a fan of spicy food, this one's for you). The pork was tender and the vegetables added a nice crunch. The noodles were cooked to perfection. We also ordered a eel avocado sushi and it was great as well. 
Overall, this place lives up to its hype. Usually, I try to leave a time gap before eating at the same place again but this place was so good I wanted more ramen the next day. Please, if you haven't tried it yet, give it a shotWe found this location last weekend when we were in Philly. We never had actual ramen and wanted to try this for a change a were happy we did. The ramen and sushi are really good and the restaurant has a relaxing setting. We will be back.I came to this new place with my friends. I was happy that we got to sit right away. Doesn't need to wait long. I was hoping to order some bento box. Too bad it was only lunch time. Not much of hot food selection. Mostly  So I ordered jigoku chicken ramen n pan fired chicken  gyoza. 
Sadly I was disappointed with the food. First they made mistake with my ramen soup order. I asked for chicken but gave me pork instead  same thing with my dumpling... I was hungry so I told the waitress is ok. When I took my first bit of the ramen, I don't really like it. Since the word "ramen" are part of the business name. I was expecting to taste some handmade hand pulled noddles.  Not it wasn't a hand pulled noodles but, wasn't fully cook yet. It tasted more like a instant noodles bag from the supermarket. My ramen comes with a dry seaweed, scallions, bean-sprouts, bamboo shoots, three sliced of porks n half of boiled egg. My soup base wasn't as spicy as people say it was. I found it to be a bit funny why they named it jigoku ramen. I found out the the word "jigoku" means HELL, when I do the translation. My soup was just the right amount of spicy to me. I didn't ask for little spicy at all. Unfortunately I wasn't able to really taste the soup base. I'm not sure is it because of the spice that overpowered it or they missing some of the ingredients.
Now for my pan fry pork gyoza. I don't really get to enjoy it. It wasn't pan fry to the golden color enough. As soon as I took a bite of the gyoza no juice running down my mouth. This dumpling definitely came from a frozen package. Not much of a taste to it. Typical frozen dumpling contain some pork and cabbage. 
Sorry I don't know how other people can give four stars to this place. This restaurant wasn't authentic Japanese noodles at all. Take One stars out because I didn't enjoy my food. Take another star out because they didn't refill my tea n made mistake with my ramen soup. The service was only ok.Fantastic ramen and customer service! My coworkers and I stopped in while in town for a career fair and loved everything. They let us know they were doing a soft opening and asked us our feedback as they prepare to begin their advertising next week. Such a nice team and great food!I ordered the miso ramen and it was delicious. The interior is modern, yet cozy. The service was wonderful, and the water was attentively filled, which is great, because I like to add the chili sesame seasoning to my ramen. My sister got the Jigoku Ramen and loved it. They only serve 4 different types of ramen, with the choice of chicken or pork, but I think it makes it easier to decide.  Portions are large and the cost is $9.95 for ramen ($10.95 for Jigoku Ramen).Megumi is a great addition to Chinatown, offering a variety of ramen, udon, and sushi! They also offer bubble teas. 
For me, Terakawa is the place to beat when it comes to ramen, and although I think I do prefer Tera a little more, Megumi came up pretty close. The other upside is the restaurant is much roomier so if you have a family coming, they can definitely accommodate you. I came in with a party of 8 and we ordered ramen, udon, and salmon sushi. 
I didn't get to taste the sushi but the serving size was good and it looked fresh. I got the jigoku ramen which was the "spicy" ramen, and it was delicious but really not very spicy at all. My grandma got the udon with tempura and the tempura was deliciously crisp! 
The service was also very kind and patient with my kid cousins. Food came out quickly and overall I was pleased. The only things that were disappointing is the amount of plastic in the restaurant. The plates appear bamboo but are actually plastic and there are fake flowers set around which to me, cheapens the atmosphere.
Food: 4/5
Atmosphere: 3.5/5First time here, service was great, the stuff was very friendly. The ramen I order was good, the taste is just right. Will definitely come back again.I have been to Megumi twice so far. Both times I have eaten Jigoku ramen, and both times they were good. Ramen noodles had the right texture and consistency, broth was not too salty, but had wonderful depth to the flavour; pork was tender and almost melted in my mouth. I grew up in Japan so I am pretty picky with my ramen.  I just hope they increase the side dish menu (possibly include Japanese karaage - fried chicken). Question to the restaurant - I had your tea and really loved it. When I asked the waiter what type of tea he answered "jasmine", but it had a very floral flavour. If you don't mind telling me what tea it is I would love to look for it online. Anyway, a great place to get ramen!Because another restaurant had such a seating wait, we stumbled upon this place. It was nice to get a little walk around Chinatown, which we didn't know Google was taking us to. We went into the restaurant and there was no one in there but the staff. I first observed the cuteness of the restaurant and it was comfortable. I asked the staff were they open and one staff member immediately picked up the menu and sat us. We had two individuals who were our waiter/waitress and they were very attentive. We ordered edamame and pork buns for our appetizer. The pork goodness and vegetable filling, in the dough bun was a perfect combination, very flavorful. For our drink we ordered a passion fruit tea and a green apple tea, and definitely took advantage of refills...it was delish. Our entree was Jigoku Vegetarian add chicken. Cliche I know but I love vegetables! We had a few questions when we ordered and throughout our visit, calling the waiter/waitress to our table several times. We said we hate to be a bother but felt so welcomed when he replied, "you're not bothering me. You can ask me anything". Overall I would recommend this restaurant and return if I didn't choose to try something new.My mom and I were craving ramen and originally wanted to head to Terakawa (right around the corner), but out of curiosity decided to try this place. I got the shio ramen and my mom got the jigoku (literally means hell) ramen. Shio is pork broth and jigoku is the spicy broth. For those who are used to spicy food (Korean, Indian, etc.) the jigoku is not that spicy. It does have a slight kick. The pork broth was a bit salty but otherwise rich and flavorful. The noodles were cooked perfectly and had a wonderful texture. The toppings are splendid as well, especially the pork and the egg. The pork has a nice amount of fat marbled into the cut and melts in your mouth.
Service was pretty good, and the decor is also updated and looks a lot better than the previous business in the space, Naoki Ramen. Another advantage is that we were given complementary hot green tea, which was perfect on a blustery day. All in all this place provides considerable competition to Terakawa, especially considering that it has a larger seating capacity.Came here for ramen and some sushi. I thought the ramen was good and the sushi was not bad. Thought the sushi was a little warm for my liking- I ordered a hand roll of yellow snapper and scallions. I once had a JB roll with salmon w/ scallions and it is a fresh taste that makes it taste clean and fragrant without being over spiced or herbed. 6 small rolls with wasabi and ginger but I think a truly good roll should be able to taste fresh and bright with little wasabi/supplemental soy sauce to aid it. 
Ramen was good- I had the Shio ramen. Noodles were not too overcooked or undercooked. It didn't have a rubbery taste. The broth was well brewed and flavors were thick and authentic. Order a shio if you're not wanting a broth too heavy or oily- Tonkatsu, for those who are new to ramen, is the most rich and oily. The shio came with the half medium boiled egg with some pickled bamboo and 3 pork slices. Pork was interesting to me- it didn't have that marbled slice meat- it felt more ham-spam like in consistency- tasted like pork but didn't feel like pork. Otherwise, this ramen is definitely worth getting. 
Inside was charming with red and black and decorated very much like a sushi bar but does it without feeling gaudy or forced a a place that is red/black may be.I went in on a cold afternoon, I've been looking for a new ramen place since Terakawa is always packed. I went to Megumi on a friend's recommendation. 
First, the place has a limit for cards; must spend 20$ for card or they will charge you extra. This is listed on their menu, I do not have an issue with this.
Second, I ordered the pork miso ramen extra spicy. The food came out in minutes. I found the portion to be lacking in size. For similar price, I think Terakawa gives more food; I was done with my ramen in about 5 minutes. The flavor of the soup was deep and delicious, but I asked for extra spicy and it barely hit me. I found the pork slices to be cut very thin and disappointing. But the worst part of it all, was that my egg was cold. THE EGG WAS COLD. Not lukewarm or chilled. IT WAS COLD.
Service was top notch. Water was filled rapidly. Very attentive service staff.
But, the egg was cold, and because of that and small portions, I will not be coming back.We originally went to Terakawa but it was busy and wait was over 30 minutes.  So went around the corner and noticed the old spot changed and they had Ramen so wanted to give them a try.  We had the spicy ramen and tofu appetizer.  It was really good and what I think was awesome is that their Chef is from Japan so I can't wait to try their sushi next time!  Staff was super courteous as my girlfriend wanted udon noodles and they were able to accommodate that as well!  Can't wait until my next visit as not only is the food good, the ambiance and staff are sooo friendly!Very good place for a nice ramen dinner on a cold winter night. The place is very warm and cozy! The music is at just the right volume to have a good conversation. Got the shoyu ramen along with takoyaki as an appetizer. Delicious!Great environment and food!! Very authentic and tasty. This restaurant is famous for its ramen, but I would also recommend to try its appetizers and sashimi!! Especially sashimi, very fresh!! Forgot to take pics of sushi and sashimi cuz when I realize that, I already ate them:))))We are family of four with young kids. We loved their sushi! So delicious! Especially we liked volcano roll. Will come back again!Surprisingly good straightforward ramen and sushi with lunch specials as well. I went 2 weeks ago and ordered the 2-roll lunch special (tuna roll, yellowtail roll and salad) as well as the shio pork ramen. Forgot the price of the lunch special but similar to the "going rate" in Philly overall. Sushi was good and fresh though the salad dressing was a bit too sweet and didn't have enough ginger in it. The ramen was also tasty with good-sized chashu pork slices and soft boiled egg. At that price point ~$10 per bowl, it really was a great deal. The broth felt more like a tonkotsu rather than a shio broth since it was relatively heavy though flavorful and rich. Quick friendly service and cool sushi/ramen bar vibe so will definitely be coming back for a quick bite in the near future.Trying out this spot for a quick lunch. It has change name and owners few times over the years. This will be the third time. And I've try both of the previous ramen. First one was decent. Second owner poor really poor. Just a reminder it's still a pain one the butt to find parking around 3:40 pm. 
Walked in to a empty room and I mean empty. Hostess greeted me with a bright smile and told me I could sit anywhere I want. Sat down and started to look at the menu. And I realize they only serve four different ramen?? Shuyu, miso, spice, and last one I forgot. You get to choose from two type of broth. Pork or chicken that's it. 
They got tons of different sushi and sashimi. But for ramen that's all they serve. Got the shuyu with the pork broth. Little bit oily but that fine it's suppose to be. Nice color broth but not too fragrant. Taste really porky but a little on the lite on season. Got my noodles medium and it was on point. Portion could be a little bit more. Cha sui ( roast port)was ok could be a little more tender and a little bit more seasoning. 
The price was ok $10 and some changes. Not impressed but decent experience. Yamitsuki and Terakawa is still the better option in Chinatown for ramen. This new place is decent but not my first choice.I went there couple time with my friends, everything's is good, nice service and food. The owner also tell us they orders their noodle from Japan, best Japanese ramen in town, go try it!!This place is one of the best sushi place I have go to. This service is very nice, the waitress did not treat us bad because we are teens. And the sushi is very fresh. And they have fresh wasabi! The first one I ever seen, it is very cool. I love this place.Came here because Terakawa Ramen (around the corner) had a long wait and I was starving, and I couldn't be happier! This is a great spot and I will definitely back. I had the spicy Jigoku Ramen with pork and it was spicy and delicious! The atmosphere is very interesting with an eclectic variety of decor, and it is much more comfortable and spacious (and quieter) than nearby Terakawa (my previous favorite Ramen spot). I think this is my new favorite spot! Service was super fast and everyone was friendly. I will be back and I recommend you check it out!!Super flavorful ramen and appetizers! Got to try the deep fried shrimp shumai and takoyaki. Fresh and flavorful, would recommend!This was some of the best noodles I've had in a long time. The takoyaki was amazing for a new flavor. I wound up sharing with a friend and they were great about bringing us bowls to split the noodles. And there was so much I had take-away. I wasn't thrilled with the croquet, but I didn't know what to expect. Overall it was a great meal and I can't wait to try the miso ramen next!- $$ Affordable - Friendly Staffs‍
- Flavorful broth isn't too salty or thick 
- Great Passionfruit Jasmine Green TeaStumbled upon this great spot walking through Chinatown. On the outside looks small but roomy on the inside. Good for small groups. 
We went with Beef Udon and Veggie Miso Ramen. Both of which were delicious!! I took a star away because I thought the soup was just slightly smaller than other locations in the area. The Avocado smoothie we had was a really nice not too sweet addition to cleanse the pallet post soups. 
Service was fast and attentive, we ordered the ramen without meat. We were brought with meat. When we mentioned we didn't want meat they immediately apologized and made a fresh batch for us. We will be back to try the sushi and other entries as the lunch specials look specifically enticing.Tried this ramen on a whim.  Very good!  Attentive service and delicious food.  Be sure to check out the daily specials!Wanted to compare this with the highly touted Terakawa (literally around the corner) and left pretty disappointed. The meat was overly fatty, the miso broth was a little too salty, and the portion size was pretty small. The service was quite friendly and prompt - I think they tried to fill my water after I took like two sips every time. I guess this isn't a totally fair review since I had Terakawa the week before, but unfortunately I will probably pass given other options in Chinatown.I went alone on a Sunday around noon and there was about a line of 3-4 groups and there was no host welcoming you or getting your name for waitlist, people just stood in line and waited, I was in a hurry so I left. I went again on a Monday night with a friend, there was less people and a waiter welcomed us as soon we sat in.
We ordered takoyaki, tempura appetizer, miso ramen with pork and also jigoku ramen with pork. The takoyaki was very doughy, the tempura was basic, nothing out of the ordinary. The ramen had a rich pork broth, and the pork and noodle they give was plenty. The jigoku was the spicy ramen and you can definite taste a bit of heat from the broth. Would definitely go visit again for just the ramen, maybe try out their sushi bar next time.Thought it was pretty good - only ordered ramen. We had the shoyu and jigoku ramens. Pricing and serving sizes were good. Service was quick, though the restaurant was not busy at the time. Since returning from Japan and sampling ramen at various restaurants in Philly, I'd say Megumi has been the best.Happened to be passing by on a way to another restaurant, but was intrigued and ended up walking in here instead, on what was their opening weekend! The staff was very friendly, and the ambience was great- just felt very warm. We shared the ship pork ramen, where the pork was a little fatty oldie my personal taste (as I as appropriately warned by the waitress) but the broth was absolutely delicious. The ocean roll was also very fresh and tasty. We sat at the bar and watched the sushi chef, which is always fun. We had a great time!I ordered a combo of spicy ramen with pork rice. It tasted very good. I think I definitely gone come back to try another combo.This is more of a comparison between Terakawa and Megumi ramen since I've been a loyal customer of Terakawa and hopefully, this will help those that were curious. 
Overall, I would give Terakawa 5 stars so I feel obligated to give Megumi a 4.8 since both are very comparable. 
Pros: no wait, way more variety on the menu, very kid friendly and spacious
Cons: no open kitchen experience (if people actually care about that), NO GARLIC as a condiment on the table (how could you not have this!!!)
Comparison: the ramen are similar in term of flavorful, right level of spice and ratio of ramen, meat, veggies to broth. However, execution is slightly different for the meat. The pork belly at Terakawa is a thinner cut with melt in your mouth texture for the fat while the pork belly at Megumi is a different rounded cut with an al-dente texture to the meat, skin and fat of the pork belly. Personally, I like both. It's like choosing between a fois gras mousse and grilled fois gras 
In summary, if both are open, I might go to Terakawa for the loud, hustle ambiance or go to Megumi for a calmer relaxing meal if I have a baby with me. If there's a wait at Terakawa, I would not hesitate to stop by next door.On a quest to find the best bowl of ramen in Philly - decided to try Megumi. I got the Jigoku chicken ramen (spicy). Spice level impressed me. I usually always have to add more pepper, but for this one - I didn't! Broth was very good - flavorful and not too salty, egg was perfect, and I didn't mind the little mushrooms in the broth. Chicken was OK - texture was a bit chewy and dry. The menu listed spinach but mine nor my parents bowls had spinach. The ramen noodles weren't too soft or hard which was great! Overall, ramen was 4/5 - would try pork instead of chicken!
I decided to try a basic roll - spicy tuna, which I would give 3/5 stars. Roll was also OK, - a bit larger than typical sushi roll, so you get a mouth-full with each roll. Not sure if it was seaweed or the rice that also made it a chewier-than-usual texture. 
I was hoping they would have regular black milk tea with boba but they didn't so I settled for the jasmine milk green tea which I wasn't really a fan of. Left an odd aftertaste and was lukewarm (served with no ice).Great Sushi and Ramen! We were able to walk right in and seated right away with exceptional service. Hit the spot on a cold day.food is good，but service still has room of improvement. waitor serve food too fast，let guster felt get pused.I have eaten in a few of the local shops in China town. I have to say the food was pretty good over all & the ambience was slightly more classy then 75% of the other local restaurants. One thing i can say is that we then to have very complicated orders and our waitress did a fantastic job getting everything out fast on correct.
Also a side bonus  the prices are great we had 4 bowls of ramen, 4 higher end rolls, 3 bubble teas , and 2 diet cokes.. i was expecting it to be about $110.00 or so to my surprise total bill was $86.00  we will definitely return.Stopped in for quick bowl of Sapporo Spicy Ramon and this place was exactly what I was looking to find. Good flavorful broth , fresh ingredients and just enough spice. I go the combo which came with pork fried rice and it was excellent. 
Service was very good, extremely quick to order and refill drinks. Knowledgeable about the menu and had no issue recommending house dishes. 
I will definitely return and try the sushi next.