The customer service when I called for a reservation for a large party was so unprofessional and unhelpful that we never even made it to the restaurant this time around.  I had called and left a message and did not receive a call back.  When I called again, I was told there was no availability.  I know via urbanspoon that it would've been available if my phone call had been returned in a timely manner.  To top it off, I was faced with attitude.  They should consider who they elect to answer their phones.The quality of the food isn't high enough for me to put up with that.   There are plenty better BYOB's in this city.A bit pricey, but one of the highest quality Italian menus you'll find in Philly.
The service is attentive and professional, and the food is always wonderful.  My favorite is the Mushroom Papardelle, wide ribbon pasta in a mushroom-based cream sauce.  Incredible, although I'm actually not sure if that was a standard menu item or a special that day.
Like I said, the prices are on the high side, no doubt to help cover what must be some very high rent for that part of town (2 blocks off Rittenhouse Square).  And I think that there is a brightness and a "starkness" to the decor that, if cured by someone with a good design eye via a few simple changes, could go a long way toward making this a true 5-star establishment.My wife and I didn't want our last dinner on our Philly visit to be too heavy (no Del Frisco's) nor too touristy (no cheesesteak).  I yelp'd Melograno and we decided to go.  Soooo glad we did!  Notes:
1) needed to eat early as our 1.y.o. wouldn't last too late; we arrived at 6pm and did not wait.
2) by 6:45pm the line was out the door.
3) host was friendly over the phone, and equally gracious upon arrival.
4) BYO!
5) there's a liquor store 1.5 blocks away
6) ambiance excellent, rustic
7) baby high chairs, yes!
8) limited menu with EXCELLENT choices.
9) we ordered all the specials: gorgonzola meatball starter, filet for her, tuna for me. all cooked to perfection the first time out.
10) table bread quite good and served warm.
11) servers quick with water refills.
12) got a bit loud once it filled up, good buzz
13) ginger creme brule crisped well, yummy
14) host noticed our son had a skin condition on his chin - she mentioned a remedy (it worked!)
15) prices very reasonable considering we got specials 
16) last but not least, our server LUIS was one of the best servers we've ever had at any restaurant, and we eat out a lot and in some very nice places. LUIS was courteous, attentive, understanding, and knowledgable - he interacted with us as if we were family and wanted us to have the best experience possible. The food was a delight, but LUIS won us over.  
Will eat here whenever I'm in Philly.Had high expectations for Melograno, but I didn't leave super impressed. Nothing was out of the ordinary on the menu that we tried, but then again, it was Retaurant Week. The bread for the table wasn't warm - not a big deal, but fresh, warm bread can sometimes be a really pleasant surprise! We ordered the chicken liver crostini and the veal meatballs. Very simple and done well with a nice touch of fried sage leaves. I had the steak with a side of cannelini beans. The beans were literally just plain beans without any seasoning, sauce, or interesting texture. The steak was a bit chewy and underseasoned. A big portion and not terrible, but again, not worth four or five stars. 
The desserts were probably the highlight of the meal: a warm chocolate cake and an apple cake with sea salt caramel ice cream. Proper portions, fresh, and delicious.
Unfortunately, I probably won't be returning to Melograno, although I did like the overall ambience, and of course, the location!The Melgrano experience was good enough.  The space is very open with few but interesting accents.  The seating is cozy, which is a good thing because on a busy and loud Friday night, you're practically screaming at your date/friend/or some combination of both in spite of the proximity.  The pasta we ordered (wild boar and bucatini with pancetta) were actually quite good.  However, the rest of the meal was nothing to write home or yelp about.  The pizza desperately needed some salt and the service desperately needed to be less frazzled and a bit quicker.Came here for my friends birthday with a party of seven. They were extremely attentive, bringing extra bread when we ran out, dousing our meals w fresh cracked pepper, etc. when the restaurant was completely packed. They recommended great meal
Choices and everything we got was delicious. Combined with the fact that this place is a BYOB, makes it a no brainer! The pappardelle and the gnocchi of the day blew our minds.3.5 stars
I'll be the 1st person to let you know that i'm not a fan of italian food. When my friend recommended we have dinner here, I didn't want to be a debbie downer so I agreed. She got some wild mushroom dish which was good. I forgot what I ordered but it had to pull pork/meat in it. It was def tasty. Not what I expected.
It's BYOB so we got a small bottle to share nearby. The waiter was attentive (and cute) and he did recommend that I get the pulled pork/meat dish which I appreciated.
I do want to go back and try the grill octopus app.Yum!  I was in Philly for the weekend with my sister and friend of hers and we were in the mood for Italian.  We tried to go to Porcini's but they were booked for the evening and so we decided on Melograno.  We didn't have reservations but we managed to get the last table and had the most fantastic time.  We ordered Insalata Melograno, the Antipasto Rustico and various pasta dishes for our entrees.  The food was so good, it makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  I ordered the Spaghetti all' Amatriciana and it was very good but my sister ordered the Pappardelle Tartufate- I had a taste and it was delish!  What really sealed the deal for me was the service- our server was so nice and friendly!  I love this place!One of my Philly faves. Order the tartufate or cacio e pepe for the pasta course. The fegatini and rusticito are great as well. Great byob that's very reasonably priced.This place was recommended by a friend and boy was it a great recommendation!  Food was pretty darn good!  My absolute favorite is the mussels.  My two friends and I ate 3 servings of the complimentary bread - using the mussel sauce as a dipping sauce (I usually try to avoid the bread because I don't like to ruin my appetite, but it was absolutely IRRESISTIBLE).  Soo worth it!  Their pasta dishes are yummy.  I will definitely be back.  It is also BYOB spot, people!  My kind of place.This place is such a cute, yummy BYO Italian restaurant. It's great for either date night (although can be a little loud) as well as group dinners (there were easily four large parties when we were there on a Fri night).
Hubby had the Restaurant Week meal (fab deal - four huge courses) and I just chose the fritto de mare (just ok, too many small pieces of deeply fried calamari bits for me...but sardines were great) and Pappardelle Tartufate (AMAZING!!). My hubby's grilled octopus starter and spaghetti were similarly amazing, while the pork chop was pretty good. 
Service is excellent - attentive without hanging over the table, and super thoughtful. The waiter gave us a free creme brulee when hubby's Restaurant Week dessert came "just because." 
IMO, this place shines when it comes to pasta and antipasti. Combined with BYO, it's a great choice when you're craving some solid Italian.this was our fourth time eating here. I love the food and ambience. We loved the antipasto platter and there was a yummy flatbread special list night with figs, caramelized onions and cheese. The four of us shared the mushroom pasta-delicious. Everyone enjoyed their entrees-chicken, lamb, filet mignon and salmon. Only one glitch with the service. someone brought my salmon entree when we had asked for the pasta course to be served as a second course before the main course. The server was not the person who took our order. She immediately came over to our table when she realized the mistake (the salmon was supposed to go to another table) but it was too late. fortunately I don't mind eating salmon at room temperature so everything worked out ok. 
There is a lot of energy in the restaurant but I wish that the decibel level was a tad lower as it becomes a bit challenging to hear once the restaurant is filled.
Overall, I continue to enjoy coming here and highly recommend it.I was thrilled to have Melograno in my neck of the woods (not that 22nd & Spruce is that far away).    Because I live so close, I never have had to wait.  I usually run over right at 6 or 6:30 and they can fit in a party of two.
I have to admit that I never thought it was worth the effort for a 1.5 hour wait at the old location.   
The weekday reservation policy is great for those who are coming further.
This is my go to place to bring friends from out of town.  Consistently good food.  The servers know me now, so that is a bonus.   I find it best to come with a group of 4 or less.  It is a small kitchen and my friend's entree came out cold at a large bachlorette dinner.  
I usually get the Parpadelle with wild mushrooms or the wild boar.  I've sampled pretty much everything.  And, that is why I cannot give them a fifth star.  I would love to see a little rotation of the specials.  Let's see if the spring inspires a few changes!Went to Melograno for dinner on Saturday night.  We were walking around looking for a place to have dinner, so we didn't have reservations, but they were able to seat us (it was still fairly early in the evening).  The hostess was cheerful and pleasant.  The waiter was nice.  He recommended the pasta with mushrooms for me.  He said it was their signature dish.  It was quite flavorful.  My partner had the pasta special (spinach pasta), which he enjoyed.  Our dinner guests had the steak and the wild boar pasta.  Our guest said the wild boar pasta was delicious.  We then had the tiramisu and our guests had the chocolate cake.  Both were EXCELLENT.  Prices for the pasta dishes are reasonable.  Total bill for 4 people was $127 without tip.  I believe it is a BYOB, so I don't know if they charge a corkage fee.  Would definitely visit again.Has success spoiled Melograno? Sadly yes. This was the place I loved, raved about, brought out of town guests, and dreamed of the food. Alas.......... It is SO noisy that it is impossible to hear anyone speak so you have to yell and that makes everyone else yell and it gets louder! I think it has become one of those places where people think they must be having fun because everyone is yelling! Better Bring a LOT of byob! The frat girl at the next table had so much perfume that was mostly what I tasted. And watching the kitchen staff cook is to observe some previously great team have to play their game under impossible circumstances. The food, formerly so spectacular, shows it. Competent, occasionally really good (the pasta with guinea hen) but mostly pedestrian and dispirited. Just Damn Sad. Will Not go back.Had dinner here last night with a group of friends. My wife and I split the Rustico appetizer (board of meats, cheese, and veggies) and thought it was great. I ordered the pappardelle with wild boar ragu for my entree and thought it was good, though it was a bit small for my appetite  and I was still a bit hungry afterward. Luckily that led to me swiping a few bites of my wife's pasta (with kale and prosciutto in a cream sauce) that was pretty awesome.
In all, a decent and inviting Italian place. But with so many options for Italian in Philly, I'm not sure it's worth the revisit.Great restaurant.  We had the antipasti platter, ravioli, and panna cotta.  All was very good!  Such a cute and cozy place.  Loved the atmosphere.Three of us went here for restaurant week and had a great time.  Started with three small pieces of pizza that were quite good.  Bread was fresh, and served with very good olive oil and was replenished without having to ask.  They serve water in a large carafe that is kept filled.  Appetizers were the arugula salad and meatballs that were both excellent.  Dinners were salmon on cous cous with raisins, lamb shank, and ribs.  All were excellent.  Desserts were superb: Tiramisu and pana cotta.  Service was outstanding but not obtrusive.  Only downside was the noise level, which can get loud.I have been here twice and was never disappointed.  their food and wait staff are both great, and the food is all fresh, well prepared and presented beautifully.  BYOB, so you need to bring your own.EDIT MADE SAME DAY (1/3/2017): 
Received a call from the general manager who was extremely considerate and respectful. Made me aware that she had indeed taken precautions by informing her staff of my dietary restrictions. Let me know that it was a server error. Vegetarian dishes had been prepared, however, our server grabbed wrong plate and served it. Although there was a mistake made during my meal, I am both relieved and reassured that they do take allergies and dietary restrictions seriously. Appreciate the call!
--------------------------------------------------
Negatives: I went in Friday (the day before NYE) and spoke to the restaurant manager about arranging for an all vegetarian prefix meal. She was very kind and went through the menu with me and assured me I would only have vegetarian options. Ordered off the regular menu the day off, requested to the waiter that we have the bruschetta without octopus. Both the bruschetta that were served to our table had octopi. I've been a vegetarian my entire life, and this was quite a disappointment to me. It seemed careless on the part of chefs (maybe? Or someone else?) that they possibly wanted to use the bruschetta mixture with octopus regardless of what the customer's dietary preferences are. There was no compensation given on behalf of the restaurant, we paid full price and also gave a 20% tip off the fixed price NYE rate ($65/per person).
Positives: Entrees were good! Ambiance was cozy, and elegant. 
Hope that Melograno thinks about and respects the customer's dietary preferences next time! Whereas I was lucky enough to have just been vegetarian out of religious and personal preferences, some people may have been allergic to shellfish/seafood, etc. In those cases, there would be much more serious consequences.Melograno is a nice BYOB tucked away near Fitler Square. They specialize in Tuscan cuisine and have a nice array or classic Italian options on their menu. The decor is nice and warm making you feel welcome inthe small space. Pasta is homemade and outstanding, they do a good job of cooking it to the right texture. In addition to the nice selection of pastas they have several salads to choose from and both fish and meat dishes. The seafood in particular was excellent, very fresh, and mixed with nice herbs and sauces. The waiter swore by the tiramisu but we went with the chocolate cake and apple tart which was really more like a cake. Both were good and capped off a very good dinner.Worst experience I've ever had at a BYOB. To begin with, the hostess Ann was incredibly rude and arrogant when taking my reservation and rude to my entire party when we arrived. Listen, we know you need to turn your tables but telling us over and over again was not necessary. We were hurried through our dinner, perhaps we were not aware that our money wasn't as green as the other customers (??) The waitress was sullen, unfriendly and glared us down while we looked over the menu and at the end unceremoniously flung our check at our tables. Servers were equally rude and unpleasant. The food was decent but not worth being treated like dirt when you go out to eat. There are many more excellent BYOBs in Philly to partonize in this economic climate. Don't ruin your dinner experience by going here (unless you're a sucker for abuse)The day before a race in town a few weekends back, my wife and I grabbed dinner at Melograno. When we were in school in Philly, we walked by this restaurant several times on the way to Vic's down the street, but I had never made it in before this year. It was quite packed on Friday, and a reservation was definitely a good call for this cozy restaurant that has NYC-style spacing between tables (read: not much). The upshot of being close by to others is the table next to us did not finish their bottle of wine - so they offered us a couple glasses! Unfortunately the service was less hospitable, with menus taking a while to arrive and our waitress being inattentive in general. Perhaps it is better in a slower environment, but it was quite impersonal and at odds with the atmosphere of the restaurant.
We started out sharing the meatballs. While the tomato sauce was rich, I found the meatballs to simply be overdone - they were dried out and a bit on the rubbery side. While it still had decent flavoring, the texture was simply not up to snuff given the overcooking. My wife and I both ended up doing the pappardelle; she went with the truffled mushrooms, while I did the wild boar ragu. Mine was the worse of the two; I felt the ragu did not stand out at all in terms of flavoring, as it tasted like a generic tomato-based sauce with pieces of meat here and there (and let me tell you - there was very little actual meat in the sauce, as far as I could tell). The pappardelle with the wild mushrooms, though, was delicious; I really enjoyed the walnuts that added a bit of crunchy texture to each bite, and the truffle oil added that nice richness as a bit more of a bold flavor on top of the wild mushrooms.
While my wife's dish was impeccably done, I couldn't really understand why the rest of the meal was pretty disappointing overall. The value is decent, and I like the old-school feel of the restaurant, but the quality definitely came off as inconsistent. Combined with service that didn't really seem to care, and you have an experience that I probably wouldn't be seeking out that much.I can vouch for previous reviews that mention bad service. I'm not high-maintenance and there are hundred of other great Italian BYOs to choose from. This one missed the mark. 
The food was fine but overall it was an awkward and unpleasant experience. I've gotten better customer service at my local deli. Take your money and your wine and go elsewhere.Came here recently with  my boyfriend for a Friday dinner. Food was very good. We started with the grilled calamari topped on a bed of eggplant marmalade and green beans.The calamari were few, but were very good. I found the eggplant marmalade very weird, however. 
I had the pappardelle with mushrooms, crushed walnuts, and truffle oil. REALLY GOOD! My boyfriend had the grilled shrimp with polenta. Also very good but a bit plain.
The waitstaff were great and the restaurant is BYOB (always a plus). The inside of the restaurant is very charming. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!Very good inexpensive Italian food with excellent decor and good service.  Only annoyance is no reservations.I'm surprised this place doesn't have higher ratings! My friends and I went for restaurant week last Friday.  We were seated right on time for our reservation even though the place was super crowded. I had the mushroom flat bread for the first course, the pappardelle with a wild boar ragu for the second course, and for dessert I had the tiramisu and it was all fantastic, and the bites of my friends dishes I had were great as well.  The waitstaff was friendly and the restaurant itself was very cute, overall a great experience!YUM. incredibly fresh pasta, amazing service with hilarious waiters (or at least the waiter we had), great BYO, good for big groups OR an intimate dinner for two, AND had my boyfriend's number on file so called him when he left his credit card.
PULPO: This octopus is the best version I've had of this dish. Before, it was Mario Batali's osteria mozza in LA - but the octopus was perfectly charred, sitting over potatoes. The only problem was that I wanted so much more of it. (pretty small portion)
TONARELLI CACIO e PEPE: Totally simple and delicious, the way my bf likes it. The pasta was SO fresh and had the perfect consistency. Highly recommend if you like the pasta to just shine on it's own.
PESTO PASTA: Also a very simple pasta, done with a very heavy pesto. The problem with pesto is that you eat so much of it without realizing the thousands of cals you've just consumed...the pasta itself was incredible, but I think lighter on the pesto would've made the dish a little better.
PAPARDELLE TARTAFUTE: okay, we didn't have this one bc my man hates mushrooms. (i know, how do i live with this???) But, the waiter said it was the best thing ever, and I saw it go by and started drooling. 
Great place for a really authentic Italian meal- I know Philly has innumerable Italian restaurants, but I would definitely go with melograno for a moderately priced but delicious meal.My brother booked a reservation for restaurant week and this place did not upset! We brought our own bottle of wine and enjoyed a wonderful 3 course meal.  Everything from the appetizers to desert was phenomenal.  There are items for vegetarians as well as people who love to try different variations of Italian food!  The service was great and the venue was small and quaint (very nice homey feel to it).  Loved it!Went out with a group for a friends birthday, seven of us in total.  The food was excellent (highly recommend the meatball appetizer and the pork main course).  
The service on the other hand was abysmal.  Not only did we have to continually remind our server to bring us water but on most instances she just stood in the back.  Then when it came time to pay, we provided 80% of the bill in cash and the rest was to be split on two cards (not complicated by any means and we do this often if someone forgets to bring cash with them).  She returned with our bill and told us she couldn't do it that way and when we asked why it was such a problem proceeded to ask if we thought she was stupid! In the end our one friend fronted the whole bill and just pocked the cash.
Then when leaving the tip and departing she picked up the check before we had even begun to leave (still sipping coffee and chatting) and then turned around and berated us on why we only left her 15%.  To which we proceeded to say she was hard to get a hold of and we felt like our table was neglected most of the evening.  She then became even more agitated and demand more explanation to which we retorted we didn't have to provide one and walked out without finishing our coffee or desert.  
I will not be returning regardless of how good the food was there's no reason harass a customer.Our top BYOB place was booked for the night for our double date, so instead I we gave this place a try. Definitely exceeded my expectations!
FOOD: 4/5
The food was great in terms of choices and taste. I had meatballs for appetizer and the wild boar ragu for the main course. I also tried the filet and mussels. The meatball was very average and somewhat disappointing, but the wild boar ragu made up for that. The mussels didn't disappoint, and the filet was also pretty good. However, the prices were a bit on the high end for Italian food, and the portions were somewhat small. 
SERVICE: 4/5
We were seated very quickly and overall everyone was very attentive. It was a bit difficult to get the waiter's attention when we wanted to get a photo, but it might just be that it was too loud. 
AMBIANCE: 5/5
Not a bad place for group dinners or a 1 on 1 date. The restaurant is pretty small, but it was small enough where it felt cozy and comfortable.Tried this restaurant the other day and Yay! I'm a fan.  The decor is charming and the food is top notch.  I had the wild boar ragu and it was terrific.  We also tried one of their ovum pizzas which was creamy and delicious.  I would definitely go back.Perfect neighborhood byob restaurant. I used to live across the street so I really know this place well. It was always full each night and the whole simple decor and menu selections were great.  The place was renovating in '08 when I moved. Great to see that it's back!The Menu at Melagrano has expanded with more meat varieties, more fish dishes.
The mussels are as fantastic as ever; Every table around us was staring as they brought out our appetizer.
What a gem! Check out Melagrano if you get the chance and dont forget your own bottle of wine.Melograno can be summed up in two words - delightful & delicious. I've been wanting to come here for over a year now. Now that I finally got there I'm wondering what took me so long to get there & am making plans to go back. We started our meal with their grilled squid special with "potato salad" - which wasn't really the potato salad one would normally think of. The squid was perfectly cooked and the potatoes & onions that accompanied the squid were equally delicious. We tried the "smelt fries" - they were crisp & light - BETTER than what my mom used to make. By this time we wanted to
order another round of the appetizers. Our server recommended the Pappardelle Tartufate wild mushroom dish that was literally
out of this world & if i were home I probably have licked the plate. The atmosphere was pleasant. The servers were friendly &
knowledgeable. Love that it is BYOB.Excellent italian food. No mixed drinks,however, only wine. Tight on the seating arrangements but the food is well worth it. Had lunch, lovely.We have visited Melograno on multiple occasions since moving to Center City Phila. a little over a year ago.  Each visit has been spectacular;  service impeccable, food wonderful, specials always tremendous!  They are very accommodating, kind and pleasant.  The young lady that runs the dining room is named Ann,  I am not sure how to spell her name but she is absolutely the most pleasant, kind and professional dining room manager I have ever worked with.  She can handle a crowd!  She can deal with reservation issues, she can solve most anyones problems.   Just this past week 4 of us had reservations at Puccinni's Restarant on nearby Samson Street.  They were running 45 minutes to an hour late.  They have no room to accommodate their patrons and the owner was nasty, rude and could not handle the reservations he made.   We left after being treated like pigs in an pigpen and stopped by Melograno's.  Although they were extremely busy and very full, Ann found a way to calm us down and made arrangements for us to be seated in less then 15 minutes, while serving us our wine in their waiting area.  She was great, the food was fantastic, the service was perfect.  Melograno's salvaged the night.  I dont want to give them too many more accolades, then we will never get a chance to make a reservation, but they do deserve all the best in praise.....  fondly GaryI am pretty familiar with Italian food. I can tell you the chef here knows how to cook Italian dishes (from North to South).I just tried this place while in town for business. I thought it definitely lived up to the good reviews. Nice casual atmosphere with an attentive wait staff.
For my antipasti I overlooked the gnocchi, which is very difficult for me, and got the Calamari Inzimino at the suggestion of the waiter. This was a fantastic fresh, light, and seemingly healthy dish. Sauteed calamari and octopus, with cannellini beans, diced tomato & lemon sauce over over spinach. Surprisingly a stand out flavor and well balanced with the lemon. The calamari and octopus was tender and not overcooked at all.
For the main I went with one of their signatures, Pappardelle Al Ragú di Cinghiale. The wild boar ragu with this dish was light, not overly salty, and the meat tasted like it was prepared in a slow cooked stew.  The pappardelle was thin yet appropriately firm, and held the sauce well.Last night was my first visit to Melograno, a long-time neighborhood favorite (while in its old location) that I had simply never visited. I was with a group of ten, and we had a great experience at Melograno overall. 
The ambience of the new location is nice! Dim lighting and warm golds and browns of the decor makes it feel special, yet the openness of the new space makes it feel breathable and group-friendly. This location still boasts the Philly signature open-kitchen restaurant style, and it's fun to be able to see the chefs as they cook and place the hot dishes out on the counter before they are whisked away to each table. 
Our waitress was attentive and nice, though one of my pet-peeves is when servers list the specials and fail to note the price. We all know that specials are always more expensive... and if prices are listed for everything else on a menu, why is this piece of information always left out? As a diner, I want to know what I'm going to be paying for a dish instead of being surprised by a huge bill at the end. So, please, do all patrons all a favor and embrace the practice of informing us....
That said, we ordered the Antipasto Rustico, which was a generous platter of meats, cheeses, olives, and pates. The prosciutto was buttery and soft, the mozzarella fresh, and the grilled vegetables perfectly tender. We then also ordered the mussels, which came in a tomato garlic broth. These were also delicious, and the olive oil that was served earlier with the bread was absolutely neglected in favor of scooping up the tender garlic cloves and sweet diced tomatoes from the broth. 
As an entree, I ordered the Wild Boar Bolognese and my fiance the Quail Arrosto. The bolognese was well balanced, and the papardalle extremely fresh and tasty. I did not feel that the bolognese had enough boar in it, though, and secretly wished I had ordered the Mushroom papardalle that my neighbor sitting next to me was busy scarfing down (it smelled like nutty, savory heaven). The Quail entree was also disappointing. It was plated nicely, but I found the quail difficult to eat, a bit dry as there was not enough pomegranate glaze, and the stuffing inside an afterthought. The polenta it was served with was a baby scoop of dry, tasteless cornmeal. I want my polenta creamy and plentiful! This was certainly not the case, and I would not order this dish again. On the other hand, another of our dining companions got the Pork Chop entree, which was a huge portion of pork served over sweet and savory farro that was completely delightful. 
Other than the fact that I spent my dinner pining over the entree choices of the others in my group, I would return to Melograno... only I would order what they got! The fact that this restaurant is a BYOB is a major plus, as it would otherwise be a bit too pricey Italian for my taste. I recommend going here on a weekday night for crowd control.... Enjoy!This is hard, because the food was excellent but the service was poor. Even with a reservation we had to wait almost half an hour to be seated. Then there was a wait for our water, bread, and wine to be opened. Our waitress poured our champagne like a newb.  The snail and mushroom appetizer was amazing. The fresh pasta in the pasta with wild boar ragu was very satisfying. My veal entree was pretty good, though I was stuffed at that point. A mixed seafood plate had exceptional head on prawns.  Its also a little loud and cramped, but I would have minded less had I been seated and at least served some bread more promptly. Hungry people give less stars.My family and I were sadly disappointed with this restaurant.  Coming from Chicago, where we always get amazing Italian food, this place just doesn't cut it.  We don't mind paying $18-20 for tiny servings of homemade pasta, however, we expect the food to blow us away and Melograno's pasta was underwhelming.  The Polpette appetizer was just okay- my husband makes better meatballs.  We also had the Calamari Inzimino, which was very good, but the kitchen seemed to skimp on the calamari.  The Zuppetta di Mare was absolutely amazing.  The Pappardelle Tartufate was good, however, I wished for whole mushrooms and I did not like the walnuts (they tasted burnt).  The Ravioli di Patate was just okay and the Pappardelle Al RagA1 di Cinghiale was just a little better than that.  Lastly, our server was attentive and friendly.I had dinner there with my wife a few months ago we had reservations at 9pm, we waited for 45 minutes to sit down. I then wanted to order the Mussels but the girl said they were out. So my wife placed her order while I decided on something else. I ordered the steak well once again she said we ran out of steak, are you kidding me on a busy Sat night with at least 35 people still waiting to be seated you should not run out of Mussels and Steak! Never again. Place is to small and in no way should you wait 45 minutes when you have a reservation. I would not reccomend this place.Food: 4.5 Stars
The quality of ingredients at Melograno were excellent.  The variety of dishes to chose from was a little disappointing but once the meal began, all concerns with the lack of dishes to chose from vanished.  The mussels were well prepared and lightly seasoned with generous chunks of sauteed garlic cloves.  The Pappardelle Dishes were both wonderful.  The wild boar ragu was excellent and reminded me of my favorite dish at a wonderful Italian restaurant in San Diego; the scallop based dish was just as delicious with shrimp and scallops cooked to perfection.  Very impressive preparations and solid servings.
Service: 3.0 Stars
The server initially seemed standoffish and was not very welcoming but slowly warmed up, seemingly after she realized that we more serious restaurateurs (trust me, I don't openly consider myself a restaurateur, as much as I try to convince myself that I am one with my yelp critiques).  Ultimately, the service proved to be good and the experience was generally enjoyable.
Ambiance: 4.0 Stars
Melograno's ambiance was very classic as far as Italian genre restaurants.  The lighting was appropriate, the mood was romantic without getting overtly dim or solemnent with the lighting. In general, the restaurant was conducive to either a first date, a romantic date, or an evening out with your significant other.
Price: 4.0 Stars
The dishes were reasonably priced and in the mid to mid-upper range of comparable restaurants.  The restaurant is BYOB which is a huge bonus for any restaurant, particularly an Italian restaurant with delicious and pairable foods.  Very much worth the asking price.
Location: 4.0 Stars
Melograno is located northwest of Rittenhouse in a great location near other bars and restaurants.  We had tickets to a comedy show at Helium Comedy Club and the restaurant was located right across the street.  Optimal location for enjoying events in Center City.
Overall Impession/Miscellaneous: 4.0 Stars
The food at Melograno was delicious.  The menu could have offered more options but the quality of the food was excellent.  The atmosphere was classic but not extremely unique.  The service could use some improvement but the overall impression after leaving Melograno was very favorable.  We will definitely return to enjoy another dining experience at this restaurant.Hands down my favorite BYO in Philly, and the warm, intimate, but also energetic atmosphere makes it perfect for just two.  Melograno exudes care for their ingredients, preparation, and presentation, and they always, always deliver a fantastic meal.  Nice owners too, who are always around, and might even let you in a little past their last seating time if you're nice.  The wait can be a long one, but you can always just head over to Doobie's with your date for a few martinis while you wait (hahaha kidding don't do that... I love Doobie's, but oil and water don't mix.)  Seriously, though, there's a wait for a reason, and it's worth it... if it's super-long, they'll take your phone number and call you when the table is almost ready.  On the menu, the scallops are exceptional, and given the subtle creativity of the chef/co-owner, I tend towards the specials that can be a little more experimental.  One of my favorite Italian restaurants -- in any city.Outstanding. Flawless execution. Octopus was exceptionally tender. Pasta was done perfectly. Service was wonderful. Tiramisu filled me up and then a little. Really enjoyable.Good food, good service.  However, the ambience was poor, with two problems.  First, management is overbooking the restaurant, leading to a half-hour wait past our reservation time and a definite crowded feel in this small space.  Second, the acoustics are atrocious, with nothing to absorb the sound.  It detracts from my dining experience when, just to be heard, I'm yelling at the top of my lungs at the person across the table.  This problem is, of course, compounded by the overbooking.
Recommends:  chick pea and shrimp soup and wild boar ragu.I rarely give five stars, so this is a big deal!! I dined at Melograno with a friend recently, and loved our experience there. We were there around 6 pm on a Friday, and had no problem getting a table. 
I loved our food, which was thoughtfully prepared and delicious, I loved the space and ambience, the service was great, and the prices weren't too bad either! Overall, it was a fabulous experience, and I will certainly be back!Swimming among the Italian BYOBs in Center City, it's easy to get lost. After trying my share of pasta and wine joints, Melograno seems to deliver on all fronts: not impossible to get a table on a popular night, the atmosphere is romantic but not overly cramped, and the food is creative but accessible.
The artichoke app was roasted perfectly, but didn't sparkle, the mushroom pasta was abundant and delicious, the beef short rib and polenta was to die for, and the canolis and panna cotta were light and satisfying.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 5
Decor: 4
Service: 4
Wild card: Really good bread basketThe food and service at Melograno were great.  They open at 5:30 on Saturdays, and at 5:25, there were already people inside! Because we were early, they seated us with one person missing, but I hear that is not the norm.  It definitely filled up quickly.
Our server was friendly and good, though there were minor mistakes - automatically pouring the wine (not everyone was drinking), credit card slips in wrong jacket.  The decor is really pretty - we were seated right by the big chandelier.  
Food was great - my husband & I were still talking about it the next day.  Between four of us, two had the wild boar bolgnese, one had the mushroom app with the ravioli entree, and I had the ravioli special: cocoa ravioli filled with rabbit and topped with the brown butter sauce.  It was delicious.  Bread was also good, and you can't beat BYO.  I absolutely love the idea of BYO - it was the first restaurant I've been to that does that.
Why not 5 stars?  The foyer needs to be cleaned - I noticed spiderwebs (with spiders) in the corners.  My wine glass was dirty.  And one hostess was rude (though the first one was nice).We ended up at Melograno by accident! headed to Mercato but suddenly forgot the name.  We enjoyed our meal with our 12 year old daughter but the place is much too loud to hear across the table.   My husband loved his fried bread and cheese appetizer (a take on pizza turnover) and I enjoyed the pear carpaccio but the shaved pecorino was stingy.  I thought the wild boar bolognese was tasty but for a pasta dish a fairly small portion for the price.  My daughter liked but didnt love her spaghetti carbonara.  Hubby polished off the yummy lamb chop special with crispy potatoes and asparagus.  The bread was average as was the service. Not sure we'd go back because of the noisiness.Each time we've had a party of 10 or more.  And each time, Melgrano's has been extremely accommodating.  m not sure if I've ever had a bad dish at this place.  The staff is friendly, the food is heavenly, and the setting is comfortable.
Its like a big warm hug from your best friend.Went here with a group of six, my meal all payed for! Tried to get in to Porcini first but it was really busy, so we walked down the street and after a couple minutes we were down and eating.
First the bad: It's too loud for my taste, and along with that is a trendiness that I don't really find appealing, granted I don't think most people will have much of a problem with that.
The good: BYO! And that's especially nice to find in Rittenhouse area. The server was pretty patient with my party being kinda picky about food items. The food is all good, at least what I tried, I had the risotto, tried some of the pork ragu, and another dish that I remember I really liked. Honsetly I'm between three and four stars, but the noise pushes it a bit too much.I brought a work group to Melograno for dinner, and we had a wonderful experience. When I made the reservation, Anne at Melograno suggested a prix fixe menu, which was exactly what I was looking for. She was kind enough to email the menu to me in advance. We were a few minutes late, and the staff at Melograno was very accommodating. They were patient while we annoyingly switched back and forth between a round table and a rectangle table. Once we finally settled in, who seemed like a staff member's little daughter brought us all menus and said bon appetit, and she was adorable. The food itself is pretty straightforward, nothing too innovative, which is why I am giving 4-stars. My chicken liver pate was very flavorful, but it's presentation was a little bit overwhelming. It was smeared onto large slabs of bread. It was kind of too much for one person. My lamb ossobuco was very good, and also a really large portion. It was cooked to perfection and falling off the bone, just as it should. The best part of my meal was dessert - creme brule. Overall, the portions are very large, especially for fine-dining in center city. For $45/person, this was an exceptional value. The staff was great and next time I have a large party to take out, I will be back at Melograno.If you don't eat pig, this is not the place for you.  I don't eat pig, but there were a few options to choose from.  However, I was jealous of my friend's meals that looked utterly delicious! Prices were comparable to other BYOB's.  The quail was tender and delicious.  The one down-side is that they were small and not filling.  The waiter mentioned that I should also order a pasta dish, but I didn't want to buy two entrees.  
I've noticed sitting outside usually means slower service, and it was no exception at Melograno.  Our waiter was not only over worked, he was stressed and taking out his frustrations on us which took a while to adjust too.A good Italian BYOB, but hit or miss. The calamari appetizer was underwhelming, the pizza was pretty good, the wild mushroom papardelle was phenomenal. I'm not a pasta snob, but this is one of the few pasta dishes where I had to stop everything to just enjoy the texture.  I would probably go back.I had my birthday dinner here, a group of 8 of us. The restaurant was accommodating even though they had a packed house of reservations full of large parties that evening. 
I have a tomato allergy, so it's incredibly difficult for me to enjoy an Italian restaurant, as I want everything on the menu, but there are only about 5 things on a normal menu I can now eat. I was able to get a full three course meal without even a thought of having to worry about my allergy. I got the Insalata Melograno, and of course just asked them to hold the tomatoes, followed that up with my entree which was the Filetto al Pepe Verde, and something chocolate for dessert. I was so impressed with my meal, the service, the accommodations, everything. My favorite part though, BYOB. Who doesn't love an incredible meal with your own alcohol?The best restaurant in town!  We really like it and come pretty often-always had a great time. Both pasta and meat dishes are superb. They take reservation on weekdays but on weekends be sure either to come early or to be willing to wait up to an hour. Starters cost around 10$, pasta ~ 15$, meat 25$.Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I go there often and have never been disappointed. It's sometimes a little loud, but the food is to-die-for so it's well worth it (and the wait, which can be up to 2 hours on weekends). I always order the same thing (I know, boring, but I can't get enough) - porcini appetizer and black cod entree. I've also had the mushroom/truffle pasta which is a close second to the black cod. Add in the fact that it's a BYO and I highly recommend it!First, be careful with on-street parking. Although I paid at a kiosk, there was an obscure No Parking - Loading Zone sign. My penalty from the great City of Philadelphia: $51.00. Our Melagrano's waiter was great (Elind); the food only fair. Pasta dishes were pedestrian (I make better at home - always my yardstick for rating restaurants). My lamb dish was fatty and without much flavor (suspect it sat in watery juice too long). All in all, not a bad experience, saved by being with my lovely wife and daughter. Big Dave from Ambler, PA.Besides the insanely long waits on Friday and Saturday nights, Melograno is perfection defined.  If you haven't had the Papardelle Tartufate, you haven't lived.  I would go there if you haven't, because if you die tomorrow, you are totally f***ed because you will never try the single best pasta dish ever know to humankind (possibly alien-kind as well if any undocumented workers ever dine here).  Honestly there is no describing it.  
I have tried many of the other dishes too - the rigatoni with amatriciana sauce and pancetta (very satsifying), the cacio e pepe (didn't care for this one, too peppery, not enough other flavors), the various raviolis always covered in their divine brown butter and sage sauce, and the quail (very succulent, although I didn't care for their polenta).   The Melograno salad is always a great start to the meal with a light and refreshing dressing.  I also really enjoy the fried goat cheese and anchovy appetizer, which is a really dressed-up and grown-up version of one of my childhood favorites.  The ability to bring your own wine is great, and even though the wait is often long, they will take your cell phone number and call you when your table is ready, so you can go get drinks at a nearby bar (try Village Whiskey or Jolly's).  
If you haven't eaten here yet and you are reading this right now, stop.  Go now.My girlfriend and I came here for dinner. Our meal was underwhelming and overpriced. We got the following:
1. Beef brasaola (or something like that). This dish sounded promising. It was described as an aged beef carpaccio with beets. Although I found it refreshing, it was very bland.
2. Calamari with beans, tomatoes, and a touch of vinegar. Again, this dish was not terrible, but for the price, it left much to be desired. I think it would have been better served cold.
3. My girlfriend got the chicken with dill, kale, and potatoes. Nothing notable with this dish.
4. I got the wild mushroom pappardelle with truffle oil. This was certainly the highlight of the meal, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. As my gf said, you can't really go wrong with truffle oil.
As a whole, this meal was disappointing after seeing the great yelp reviews. It was expensive considering the quality of the meal and the fact that this place is a Byob. I was looking for some great Italian food, and I did not find it here. Go to Porcini next door...you will have a better experience.Every time I go back to Melograno, I remember why I like the place so much.  The service is always out of this world and they don't care if your large party stays for 4 hours, imbibing copious amounts of wine (if it's any consolation, the table next to us perched 2 large boxes of wine on their table - we weren't alone!)
The food is always great and in all the years I've been coming here, their menu has pretty much remained the same.  I like this because I can recommend dishes to friends and I also know what to expect.  However, some variation wouldn't be a bad thing.  They do have nightly specials, so if I don't feel like having an old favorite, I'll generally opt for the special.  
I'm all for trying new restaurants, but there's something to be said for Melograno, because I keep going back.I just took a friend out for his birthday.   The best things there were the bread and the waiter.  The food bland, at best, very heavy on the stomach, and extremely salty.  I only ate my dish because I was extremely hungry, and it was palatable.
I would not recommend this restaurant.The menu is small and rarely changes, there are just a couple things for vegetarians, the service is competent at best, and I miss the old, intimate dining room. But the pasta. The pasta is just way too good - tender, chewy, fresh and pretty much perfect. Their pumpkin ravioli is the first thing I think about when it starts to get cool in the fall.great dark atmosphere, food was great and not pricey, though farily modest proportions, nice to have a restaurant like this that's also byobI have been coming to melograno since my first run in phl and when tasked with planning our work holiday dinner I thought this would be a great place.
Yes, it's a bit on the pricey side. But the food is consistently good. The service is lovely. They're prompt and accommodating and even as my party got tipsier and louder they remained patient with us.
Their small plates are yum. I usually get a pasta but you usually can't go wrong with the specials--this last time was a melt in your mouth short rib. 
And of course, as a byo you can pair your meal with your beverage of choice. With a ton of other restaurant choices in the area I would not stand and wait hours... But I'll definitely be back.Joe and I ate here with a couple of friends.  We were wondering around Rittenhouse Sq looking for a place to eat dinner and saw that this place had some tables available. It is BYO, so bring your own wine ppl! Our group started off with the mussels appetizer cooked in white wine, garlic and tomato. This is a great dish to share with a big group of people.
We got an order of meatballs composed of beef, veal and pork combination with tomato sauce and pecorino cheese. This dish was a bit harder to share with the group. But flavor profile-wise, I would say I liked this dish better than the mussels.
This is one of the signature dishes for Melograno, consists of wild mushrooms, walnuts, truffle oil and pecorino cheese. It was delicious. I've been trying a lot of dishes lately that have added walnuts, like pasta and pizza. I like it! It adds a nice crunch to the dish and also adds to the earthy flavor of the mushroom. And I love anything with truffle oil and cheese, it's like my own personal kryptonite.
Joe had the smoked pork chop with creamy polenta and pomegranate reduction. He liked this dish a lot, but for the price they were asking for, not sure if we would return here. Especially with so much competition in this city for delicious Italian food like La Viola and Mercato.Went for Restaurant week
Really attentive service
Great food and presentation
Loved the Maitre D
Loved the salmon, the sardines, dessert
Nice musicI am suprimly sadened by their closing.
explination of events that led to closing: http://www.phillyblog.com/philly/center-city/61304-melograno-closing-july-27th.htmlReally disappointing experience. After seeing the menu online, I was pretty excited to try this place for our anniversary. We had reservations for 7pm on a Sunday. When we arrived we had to wait a few minutes for someone to actually come to the front of the restaurant and help us, even after a few staff members clearly noticed us standing up front. A little offputting, but not the end of the world.
We ordered the octopus and a special of the day salad, both of which were okay. We split the boar pappardelle for a first plate, and the pasta was overcooked and there was almost no boar in the dish. I got the bucatini for a main dish, and I didn't bother finishing. It was waaay to saucy (coming from someone who loves sauce) and the pasta was overcooked and goopy. Much like the pappardelle, there was almost no pancetta. 
As for the service, our waitress was very cold. Not bad service, but she was just awkward to interact with. Overall it was a pretty negative experience. Food wasn't awful, but for the price is was incredibly disappointing.Had an awesome birthday dinner here. Great lighting and perfect ambiance and Antonio our waiter made everything even better!! We loved everything we ate from the antipasta app to the mushroom tagliatelle and short ribs and beet ravioli to the creamy tiramisu. My sister found the squid ink risotto to be a little heavy though. All in all would highly recommend this byob!!Although I miss the old location, the new bigger location means getting a table on a Friday night is no longer an hour+ ordeal.  New menu additions are awesome and well executed.  Melograno is easily one of the top italian restaurants in Philly! And it's BYOB! YUM.Excellent food.  I have yet to have a bad course here on my 4 visits.  My only complaint is that the menu doesn't vary as much as it should.  If you go twice in 6 months, don't expect to find anything new and either to go for the specials or go for what you decided against the last time.  The positive thing is all the food is so good, this isn't the downer it could be.
Be prepared for a long wait, especially on Fridays but it is definitely worth it.  If you live nearby, you can drop in and they will ring you just before your table is ready so you don't have to hang around outside.  Likewise, if you don't live nearby, you can find a local bar and sit there until they are ready to go.
I highly recommend the Branzino, it is beautifully done.Love, love, love everything I get here...
Most recent visit was at the new digs... and tried Pappardelle Alle Olive... mmm...
My only request: bring back the cioppino, so I can sit and dip bread in that amazing broth..very pleased by my visit to Melograno.  Great service and great food.
Pappardelle Tartufate is a noodle dish with the perfect blend of mushrooms and truffle oil.  So delicious!Viva. The best Italian food I have ever had.  The combinations are magical.  I can't believe the tastes that are created and how unbelievable yummy they are.   The service is incredible to top it off.  
We came with a group of 10.  All were beyond satisfied.  
Perfecto!!!   Thanks so much!Excellent food. Great space and atmosphere. Love the BYOB's in PhiladelphiaI picked this restaurant for Valentine's Day and had very high expectations, as I chose it from several options. Although everything was fine here, for the prices I was decidedly unimpressed. The service was excellent, even for Rittenhouse, but that was the limit of my delight in this restaurant. Did I come on a bad night? It always gets such good reviews. That said, nothing was wrong with the meal. It was just so.... eh. Acceptable. And for the price and expectations where I'd normally give it a 3, I give it a 2. I could have made almost everything at home at LEAST as well.
Fried mozzarella- delicious sauce, but pretty standard.
Salad with seafood, tasted good but Ive had much better, not very balanced.
Boar and tomato sauce pappardelle- couldn't taste any boar-y-ness, could have been any meat, and I could have made a much better sauce.
Rabbit saddle- most interesting and tasty dish of the night, but undercooked and over salted (coming from me that must mean it is SALTY)
So, an eh experience for someone who likes to be wowed, especially when I decide to ball a little for Vday.Melograno is an amazing restaurant with an even more amazing staff!
We've eaten there twice now, and both times we've been incredibly impressed. The lamb has had us coming back for more each time.
The restaurant itself is cute and doesn't ever get too loud. The bathrooms are clean and well kept.
The staff here are great! Both times we've been here, they've been accommodating to our food allergy, and have been so friendly.