Wonderful restaurant. Fabulous food and great service. They cheerfully gave us another entree (no extra charge) when one choice proved too spicy. Want to come back soon.Loved it. Best Pad Thai I've eaten.  Excellent Asian choices with many tofu and seitan options.  Good prices for the portions.  Yummy!I had Sunday brunch here today, and the food was delicious.  If you go, do try the beer-battered seitan.  I cannot give the restaurant more than three stars, however, because the upstairs seemed to be unheated - in Philadelphia, in January - and the service was rather poor.  The problem with service amounted to little more than an inability to bring (soy) cream to the table with the coffee;  we had to ask several times, as our coffee cooled by the minute.  I would have upgraded the place to four stars had it not been for the heating issue.
Again, we were all happy with our food.  The kale and the biscuits topped with faux sausage and avocado were other favorites of the table.I went here for lunch with some co-workers and ordered the special: Black Bean Burger with avocado and mango. A co-worker ordered the portabello sandwich and we split our sandwiches. Normally, I'm not a huge fan of mushrooms, but that sandwich was pretty darn good, especially with all the caramelized onions. The black bean burger came out cold and mushy, but apparently, this is how it's intended, and also quite tasty. It had a bit of a kick with the veganaise, which I enjoyed. The ciabbatta bread was a wonderful addition! I also thoroughly enjoyed the acorn squash soup. The decor is simple (set up from previous Pita Pocket owners) and comfortable. The service was great, very timely, even with a crowd.Went in early on a Friday evening, and soon the tiny downstairs of this place was packed.  Enjoyed reviewing the menu, and wanted to try everything.  We had a corn fritter-type appetizer, which was a bit greasy for my taste, but delicious.  The Japanese hot pot was simple and understated - very very light and delicious - I had to ask for an extra bowl of brown rice as I was very hungry.  However, the other entrees on the list were more substantial.  My friend ordered the special of the evening, which was butternut squash moussaka - truly, truly amazing.  The most incredible thing about this food is that often you feel like you're eating dessert - it's just so tasty - and they do it well here, cooking up vegan stuff.
We ended with a chocolate lava cake (a bit overcooked), but the vegan ice cream was so amazing.
Another time I came in for lunch and ordered both soups  - they were amazing.  Can't wait to go back.
My advice if you are hungry or not so hungry is to ask the server what type of portion the meals are and to choose wisely.  Everything is great.  Including our service.After dining at Mi Lah for two consecutive meals during a second visit to Philly, I must give it all 5 stars.
  All the food my wife and I ate was amazing.
Dinner: yellow curry (with seitan, pineapple, potatoes, and green beans) but without rice, which didn't matter because of the delicious bread that was included, plus cake made in-house by a vegan pastry chef. The curry was as good as any Thai place I've been, and had a nice combo of ingredients you don't always see.
Lunch: sweet potato fries and the Vietnamese hoagie (again), plus simple but great vegetable soup.
My wife had the lentil/couscous dish with portobellos on the side for dinner and it was really amazing. Simple with "normal" ingredients and veggies, but extremely tasty. She also had the beer battered seitan for lunch which was covered in tabasco sauce. She liked it, and people who like hotter food would love it. I'm craving it now...
All in all, the people who run the place are friendly and attentive (the chef came out to ask if everything was okay), and the food is great. They don't have a huge selection, but they have variety which I think will please most people. It also doesn't have too many fried dishes or oily dishes that make me sick of other vegan places. All in all, it ranks on my list as one of the best vegan/veggie places I've ever been.Oh Mi Lah, I tried so hard to like you. After three unimpressive and overpriced dinners, I vowed never to go back. 
I heard such great things about their brunch, so I decided to give them one last try. I ordered the Tofu Benedict. It consisted of several very large cubes of tofu atop a dry wheat english muffin, covered in an unpleasantly cold hollandaise. It was strange and I could not finish it. The kale and roasted tomato it came with were great, though. My friends had better luck. The pumpkin pancakes were a generous serving of three fluffy cakes. I'd go back just to share those with someone. The tofu omelet stuffed with sausage and cheese was great as well.
If you want a nice dinner, I'd just to go Horizons. It is only a couple dollars more, and always good. I would recommend Mi Lah for brunch..until something better comes along.Two words -- vegan brunch! Their vegan brunch is phenomenal. Don't miss the breakfast quesadilla and the french toast. What stops me from giving five stars is the terrible service. No matter how busy it is, they only ever have one or two servers who are always completely weeded. You routinely have to ask for things like soy milk and syrup. Also, it's always freezing. I don't know if they're trying to save on heat or what, but the space heaters they have don't cut it. Anyway, go for the brunch, but don't expect stellar service.I have eaten at a handful of vegan restaurants since my conversion more than half a year ago and I have to say that Mi Lah is one of my favorite places when my fiance and I go out to eat. I've had about half of the items on the menu since it has opened and everyone was better than the last. I recommend their carrot coconut soup, Jerk Seitan and their fingerling potatoes dish. For  desert their cupcake dish and CHOCOLATE cake are amazing! All in all, a great vegan restaurant that I would recommend anyone who's vegan or just adventurous with food to try!Really great lunch spot for vegs and non-vegs. Amazing lunch specials. Reasonably priced.I been reading reviews about the dinner menu, and it seems that maybe the night I have dined at Mi Lah, it was a bad night. I have returned to the restaurant during their lunch hours, and it is a totally different experience from what I seen the first time around. The service was quick and painless. The food was incredible, especially the hogie sandwich. The affordability of each item was decent, with good quality. 
I would like to give the restaurant an extra star for their great lunch menu. However, it did not make up for the lack of service I experienced previously. I would give a 3 star, but as a vegan restaurant, it did not compete with other establishments nearby. I just feel that serving a hot dish on a metal bowl is irrelevant, and almost pretentious. The lack of common sense outshined it's original intention; so two stars.Our family had a most delicious lunch at MLV today.  The restaurant really knows how to make wonderful vegetable recipes and serve them well.  We each ordered from the lunch specials, an opportunity to order soup, appetizer and entree for a decent price.  Coincidentally, we each got the butternut squash soup.  It was one of the most wonderful soups I have ever eaten; we all loved it very much. I also had the spring rolls which were very well made.  For an entree, three of us had the burrito.  It was almost made inside out from the usual burrito; that is, the tempeh was on the outside like a salsa, while the salsa was inside.  It still tasted delicious.  The portions were huge, despite the fact that this was a lunch special, and I brought half my burrito home to have for lunch tomorrow. The prices were perfect for center city lunch, and the wait staff was able to keep up with a full house. Our glasses were continually filled with fresh water, and the jasmine tea kept getting replenished.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone, vegetarian or not.Mi Lah came highly recommended, but seriously I have no idea why. I thought we were off to a good start here too... the atmosphere is nice and clean, the menu looks good, and the staff were pleasant. Sadly the food here is horrible. I ordered a dish that was supposed to be rice with veggies. If there were any veggies in the mix they were cut so small I could hardly distinguish them from the rice, and even then it was in a pitiful portion. The rice was not that flavorful and really really oily. Blech! I took one bite and had them pack it to go for me. Instead I ordered the soup. When they brought the soup to my table, all I could think was, "Am I in prison?". It was a flavorless broth with a few undercooked potatoes floating in it and a couple pieces of carrot. What are they thinking? All this was way overprices too... I mean if the food was good, fine, but this place has no clue what they are doing. The other entree we ordered (some kind of bean dish) while it had a better and more interesting flavor was totally undercooked and eating undercooked beans is a sure way to feel crappy after eating. After the meal I expressed my dissatisfaction with the meal... this was met with a blank stare. 
Avoid this place and go somewhere... anywhere else.(brunch review)
I am not vegetarian or vegan but my girlfriend and my experiences with veg and veg friendly restaurants is extensive.  This was easily the worst veggie brunch place I've ever been to.  The main problem was in conception.  The menu is awful and offered little consolation to non-veggies.  There were all sorts of atrocities, but I think that I inadvertantly ordered the strangest and worst dish on the menu.
I ordered the waffle and seitan dish.  I thought this would be safe because even if I disliked the seitan, I would still have waffles.  The waffles were served with fruit on top, which somewhat makes sense because it was labled as "Belgian" except merely skipping the whipped cream is just lazy.  So I ate off all the fruit so that I could get to my waffles.  These waffles were sitting on large dish of diced, deep fried seitan.  I assume they're trying to mimic the fried chicken and waffles dish.  I've never seen waffles and chicken served in a Belgian style and I wouldn't recommend it.  The worst part was that the sides of the plate were painted with an aioli sauce.  Assumedly this was for the seitan, but it was the accent on an "all time worst" idea.  I cannot imagine anyone wanting aioli anywhere near their waffles.
So it was a comicly bad dish.  I would point out that this was what I thought was the safest idea on the brunch menu.  I wasn't trying to have a bad brunch and my girlfriend's biscuits and mushrooms was not better.  I've heard that this restaurant is good at normal hours, and I wouldn't let this experience kill a dinner attempt, but I would AVOID AVOID AVOID their brunch!I am recent West Philly transplant to Center City. After ordering the Vietnamese tofu hoagie from Mi Lah, my nostalgia for the Fu Wah hoagie in West Philly has almost dissolved. I say almost because the Mi Lah hoagie, while delicious, is pricier. However, Mi Lah is, overall, great for hangover food and a short walk away from me. I am not a vegetarian but I prefer this place for relatively cheap and quick meals/ takeout to some nearby non-veg outlets.Mi lah was so delish!! I was hesitate to go just because of the decor outside. It never really caught my eye. I am vegan and gluten free and the food met all my needs. It was so good and I highly recommend it.ALL VEGAN BRUNCH.  BOOM!
There are so few places where I can literally have whatever I want off of the menu, so I knew this would be an exciting adventure.  We entered and there were only a few tables occupied, so we didn't have to wait (I don't know if this place ever gets crowded, but it should because the food was amazing).  We were given water, a fresh fruit plate, and menus right away.  I opted to go with the pumpkin pancakes with blueberry butter and vegan bacon, but I was also able to have a taste of the spanish breakfast (polenta cakes, tofu scramble, vegan chorizo, and sauteed kale).  The pancakes were absolutely delicious and the portion was huge!  I could barely finish half, but my body didn't want to stop eating.  My boyfriend, who is much more carnivorous than yours truly, really enjoyed his meal.  Even though the focus here is vegan and vegetarian fare, there's something for everyone.  This place rocks.  Get here, stat!This place is legit and hands down one of my favorite places to eat.  If you are a vegan, then you know comfort food is few and far between when eating out... Mi Lah delivers, and then some.  
Besides their amazing selection for dinner, i mostly frequent the restaurant for its breakfast/brunch menu on Saturdays and Sundays.  If you are vegan and miss breakfast/brunch (and be serious, we all do), GO HERE.  it is a welcome change of pace from your dry toast and fruit when you go to a diner with the rest of your friends... 
Speaking of - BRING YOUR FRIENDS.  My boy friend is not vegan and frequents with me as well.   He is a big eater and they do not disappoint.  Do go hungry and you will be satisfied! 
Overall... GO.  If you want an all vegan restaurant with tons of yummy options but don't want to spend the 80+ dollars going to Vedge around the corner... it is WELL worth the trip.  Plus, it is literally right off the 16th and Locust stop off of the Patco.  
Convenient, service is super friendly, very low key and awesome food.  A++The 'Vietnamese Hoagie' is pretty much the best tofu based hoagie I've had in Philadelphia.
That being said, I find it hard to not order it every time I go! I've slowly been making my way through the sandwiches, another gem is the 'Mi Lah Cheesesteak'. I enjoyed the taste even though I am not the biggest fan of mushrooms.
If you're going for dinner I suggest the 'Grilled Seitan in Tamarind Sauce', it has a good texture and unique taste. 
I think the meals are a tad on the pricey side while the lunch items are a deal. Either way I am sold on the place.Now that I have had Mi Lah's brunch, lunch, and dinner, I decided that it was time to write a review. 
Brunch is great. I don't think there is anywhere else in the city you can get something like this. I highly recommend the french toast. It is perfect and very filling. One could probably have an order of the french toast and another side and leave full, but that's no fun. I really love the vegan omelette. I got cheese, vegetarian sausage, red pepper and spinach in mine. Next time, I will skip the cheese and sausage and stick with the veggies. I didn't like sausage before I was a vegan and this reminded me exactly what it tasted like, so it's a good thing that the sausage tastes like the real thing but it's not for me. I also don't like the alternative cheese they use. I'd recommend Daiya or Follow Your Heart instead. Anyway, the omelette was delicious. I couldn't get enough of it. Everything that comes on the plate along with it is good too, especially the potatoes.
I've only had lunch once and it was quite satisfying. I only got an appetizer because of the $15 minimum for debit card purchases but next time I will come prepared with cash because the sandwich alone was very filling (and well priced). I got the Vietnamese hoagie. I was eyeing the cheesesteak that was at the table next to me so next time I will get that. The entrees looked good and resembled the dinner menu. I noticed the African stew with chickpeas and if it's the same thing or kind of like the one they offer at dinner, I would recommend this if you're not feeling a sandwich or a salad.
Dinner: LOVE! I really, really love having dinner here. I ordered an appetizer of tofu that was grilled with a very yummy, creamy sauce. This is one of my favorite things here. It reminds me of something I've had at Vedge. The cripsy Indonesian rolls are also great. Entree wise, my favorites are the Thai yellow curry seitan dish and African peanut stew. I've also had the pad thai (first time ever eating it) but I wasn't a big fan of it. I didn't like the noodles. And I had the cranberry tofu dish which is very good IF you like cranberry! Their desserts aren't really worth the price imo so I always take a walk over to Govinda's for the Vegan Treats raspberry cheesecake afterwords. Oh, and all times I have been to the restaurant, service has been fine or great.
I am totally in love with Mi Lah. The food is delicious, portions are generous and it's a nice place to have a lunch alone or a date at dinner!I enjoyed the brunch here - good coffee and fresh juices, breads and fruits to start. Waffles and seitan was a big, dry portion, but really, I am not about to complain about a veggie chicken and waffles dish ever.
Dinner was less pleasing. I found most of the food to be heavily spiced, masking the ingredients' flavors instead of enhancing them. Dumplings were dense and dry, and the cumin fingerling potatoes were hard. Mi Lah is in the same price bracket as Horizons, but the cooking seems to be an order of magnitude below, which is a shame.
Having read the positive lunch reviews, I'll give that a shot soon."FLAVORABLE" food (waiter stunned said first time hearing that")Translation: GOOD, TASTY, PLEASANTLY SURPRISED, STANDS OUT, MEMORABLE (my expression, my word: FLAVORABLE!)! 
went yesterday for brunch (tried doing a few minutes ago, but password acting special, so it's a new day!) and enjoyed pretty much every morsel of food.... the waffles were a bit overcooked 2 my liking; however, the mix of fruits & veggies with sweet & tangy sauces, were way cool! 
after serious deliberations and many questions, (because the menu changes and i was looking 4ward 2 a blueberry pancake dish they had on the online menu, but their menus same 2 change) i finally was able 2 choose the Mediterranean dish with edamme samosas & my friend had tofu sausage on a wheat english muffin type thing (which i didn't care 2 much 4) with gravy & avocado & the o so edible sweet potato fries! yum! 
the waiter was just ok... and it was a tad 2 warm (the air conditioner was out of commission downstairs--but not upstairs).... however another team member brought over a fan for the very uncomfortable teething baby, so appreciative 2 him (even if it was almost at the conclusion of the meal).... 
i definitely have to try dinner or lunch here another time and pray 4 such tasty food with spunkier service.... 
peace & flavoringI really wanted to like Mi Lah.  Really, I did.  I'm a vegetarian, and they offer so many choices!
My boyfriend and I stopped in for brunch on a Saturday afternoon.  We were seated fairly quickly and were trying to decide over the menu when one of the waitstaff brought us two waters and a fruit plate.
The fruit plate had a black piece of hair laying across the melon.  Neither my boyfriend nor I have black hair.  We pointed it out to the waiter, who apologized and took it away to get us a new plate.  Before he could return with another plate of fruit, we noticed that my boyfriend's water had something green floating in it. Don't know what it was.  Didn't care.  At that point we had three things on our table (two waters and the fruit), and two were visibly dirty.  If only 33% of the items on your table are clean, you leave, so that's what we did.
Sadface :-/  Based on some of their Yelp reviews, I really wanted to try their food.I admit, I was highly skeptical when my girlfriend suggested we go to a vegan restaurant. But, the food was surprisingly good. I had some sort of thai dish with some sort of fake meat substitute  No I cannot tell you what any of the ingredients were, but it tasted very good. My girlfriend had the fingerling potatoes with avocado and corn salsa and black beans, which was also very good. And there was enough of it that she had it for lunch the next day.
The downsides were that we did not like the appetizer platter very much. It was okay, but somehow did not live up to our expectations. Also, the decor was a bit lacking. Very simple wooden tables, no decorations, and felt like a cafeteria. But the bottom line is that the food exceeded my expectations.I have eaten at Mi Lah for both lunch and dinner.  Lunch was very good but dinner was phenomenal. All the flavors were great and there were a lot of options for my very limited dining partners. Vegitarian plus guten free, no problem. The indonesian spring rolls were terrific. The dumplings were excellent. My main dish of noodles in a red curry broth with vegan ham and potatoes was so good I know I will order it again, and soon. Everything was hearty enough for a cold winters night. The service was warm and eager to please.They gave us a sample of their mixer which was fruity and fresh, paired with a spirit could be a recipe for a very good time.
Mi Lah is not only a option for vegetarian fare, it is a destination for a good meal and a fun time.We had tried to get into Vedge but our reservation got messed up. We tried one other but both places recommended Mi Lah and what a great little spot. Very simple in looks but absolutely EXCELLENT in taste! The majority of vegan items can also be prepared gluten free! And very reasonable in price.Granted, I could do without the silly music on the website, but this place was good and I wish there was one out in the burbs so I could eat there more often.
Showed up on a weekday for lunch.  We were asked if we had a reservation.  We didn't.  The tone implied that we really should have though there were plenty of tables around.  After about 10 minutes, I realized why...  It was small and the place filled up.  Fast.
I always get so overwhelmed with a vegetarian menu.  So I can really eat anything on the menu?  Anything at all?!  Oh, God, I'll need another minute.  After going through this plus getting some recommendations from the server, I ordered from their lunch special.  It was a freaking fantastic deal: 3 courses for $10.  I got some kind of orange-colored soup, edamame dumplings, and pho.
My lunch partner got the Yards beer buffalo battered Seitan and mixed greens and we shared an order of sweet potato fries.
It was so much food and it was good.  I really liked the sweet potato fries though he wanted them crunchier.  Meh.  I win.
The soup was tasty.  The dumplings weren't bad but nothing special.
My pho was good but I was fairly full by the time it came out, which was quite a while after all of the other food came out - including my friend's sandwich.  I assume they forgot.  It was a full size order and very filling - noodles, broth, "ham", parsley, mint, sprouts...
His sandwich was pretty good but it was too bread-y and dry.  I think the seitan was good but it probably should have been presented different, with some kind of sauce on the roll or something.
Regardless, it was incredibly well priced and although my meal took a while to show up, the water glasses were never more than 1/4 empty and there were plenty of excellent looking dishes showing up at other tables.  I'll find some way to get myself back there.
Oh, and there was upstairs seating which was pretty much empty.  And cold.I liked the food and I'll be back. I much prefer the lunch prices to the dinner prices. Judging by the crowd at lunch and the empty dining room at dinner, it seems I'm not the only one. 
Good food and nice to not have to worry about what's in it, even for non-vegetarians. It would probably taste better with MSG and fish sauce, but I'll take mine without, thank you.I love mi-lah's vegan brunch!!!!  it took me about a year to decide on something but from the opinions of my (non-vegetarian) companions, i couldn't have made a bad choice. 
The place is adorable.  If it wasn't so cold i would have wanted to hang out all day. 
can't wait to go back to try the lunch stuff.Up until I had a Sunday brunch here, I never fully appreciated the silly little cartoon peppers that places put on a menu to denote spicy.  See this place's fancy menu is devoid of them and my breakfast burrito burned my mouth so much that I couldn't enjoy it.
So that's one strike against them right there.  Another was the presentation of the burrito.  When a bowl of what looked like soup appeared in front of me, I was very confused.  But it turned out that underneath all of the sauteed (in what seemed like a sauce of jalapeno peppers) vegetables was, in fact, a nicely wrapped burrito.  Inside, it was filled with delicious tofu scramble.  And some other stuff too.  But I was too numb and dripping in sweat to be able to decipher these other ingredients.
Now had I just brushed the unpleasantness of the chili sauce aside, I could probably have enjoyed the meal immensely but then I wouldn't have been close to full.  And at over $10 for a veggie burrito, I wanted to at least have that satisfaction.  The size of the burrito itself was not substantial enough to call it a meal.  Even a breakfast.  
Overall, the place has a very nice atmosphere and, even though they never brought out our fruit plate since it was near the end of lunch service I guess.  If I lived in Philadelphia, I might come here for a relaxing brunch once in a while and I would order something less spicy.  But with the proliferation of vegetarian places in Philadelphia recently, I would never go out of my way to go here and get possibly punished by spices again.I'm a pretty committed meat-eater, but I was dining with two vegetarians and looking for somewhere that we could all easily find something we would enjoy. Mi Lah Vegetarian definitely fit the bill! I enjoyed my lunch so much that I am definitely planning to return, lack of animal products be damned. 
At lunch, the restaurant was not crowded at all. Service was friendly and attentive. We were also served very quickly. The atmosphere is nice but not fancy. It is not somewhere I would go for a particularly special meal, but if I just wanted to go out and have someone cook for me and enjoy my lunch or dinner, it would be perfect. 
The menu has quite a range of options. As a non-vegetarian, I was somewhat disappointed that so many of the choices have "fake meat." I don't mind eating meat-free, but I'm not a big fan of non-meat foods attempting to portray themselves as meat. We tried a wide range of dishes at lunch. I had the sweet potato fries (absolutely delicious, giant portion for only $4) and African stew with sweet potatoes, carrots, chickpeas and peanuts. The stew was incredible - rich, flavorful, and filling. My friends ordered the edamame dumplings, black bean quesadilla with seitan taquitos, Mi Lah cheesesteak, and bronzed coconut king mushroom. The mushrooms were pronounced delicious - like a veg version of coconut shrimp. My non-vegan friend was a bit disappointed in the vegan cheese on the cheesesteak and thought that it would be improved by some dairy. Overall, though, she was very happy with her first cheesesteak experience since becoming a vegetarian. 
Whether you're a vegetarian looking for a restaurant where you don't have to pick among the few non-meat options on the menu at "regular" restaurants or an omnivore who likes to venture out into new sources of protein, I am certain you'll find something to enjoy on the menu here.Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. 
Echoing previous reviews, service was atrocious. Even though large parties (there were 11 of us) are already auto-tipped, our waiter did not possess even a semblance of politeness. Some fun examples: someone asked for more water when her glass was half full and he just kind of motioned at it like, "you still have water why do you want more?", when asked to bring fresh silverware for dessert, he brought 3 forks, and cut me off mid sentence assuming he knew what I wanted.
Portions are a hit or miss, as is tastiness.
I probably wouldn't come here again even if I was paid to.Best vegan restaurant in Philly!!!  The prices are also reasonable.  I only wish I could recreate these dishes in my own kitchen.  DELICIOUS!0 stars if it were possible!  I have never been treated so rudely by a restaurant employee in my life!  I am rather pragmatic when it comes to restaurant service and I normally let the little things go, but the woman we encountered was so unbelievably rude I couldn't believe she was actually serious.
We arrived at Mi Lah at approximately 9pm and it was just the two of us.  We double checked the hours on the front door to make sure we weren't showing up right before closing.  The hours posted said they closed at 10pm, perfect.  We made our way into the small dining room and saw just a table of 4 in the corner.  There was nobody in the dining room.  After about 30 seconds a young lady came up to the hostess stand, and without looking at us (no greeting, nothing), grabs 2 menus and says  "You need to order immediately because they are about to leave" (in the most unbelievably condescending tone).  Ummmmm... Excuse me?  Who is leaving?  The chefs?  I am pretty sure your door says 10pm and if you don't want to serve us, then CLOSE THE RESTAURANT!  LOCK THE DOOR!  Then you won't be bothered by us pesky customers trying to patronize your store.  
I immediately said never mind and turned around and left.  I couldn't believe someone in the service industry would think it is appropriate to be so unwelcoming to paying customers and then tell them they must order quick so the kitchen can close (AN HOUR EARLY MIND YOU).  
When we walked out the door and consulted our Yelp app for another dining option, it wasn't long before the CLOSED sign went up and the door was locked.  Great job...We chose Mi Lah based on reviews while in Center City.  Terrific surprise!  Started with sweet potato cake w/ cabbage appetizer, which was quite good.  Entree was excellent, too  - grilled oyster mushrooms with vegan chorizo, corncake and apple salad.  Polite service, cute little dining space.  Highly recommended.What an awesome restaurant! My wife and I ate lunch here three weeks ago while visiting Philly. The variety of vegetarian and vegan choices was great, the service was very good, and the prices are affordable.
I ordered the lunch special that day, which consisted of the Apple Wood Smoked Butternut Squash and Coconut Soup, an Indonesian Roll (carrots, Seitan, and celery with Basil Avocado Sauce), and Seitan Tacos. My wife had an appetizer of roasted brussel sprouts, and Warm cauliflower, olives, pimientos, and tomatoes salad.
All of our food was exceptional! We agreed that it's probably the best Vietnamese food we've ever had, and would definitely return again. The service was great -- according to the receipt, our server was Super Woman!
And for all of that food, our bill was just under $30! Great value and great food! I'd highly recommend this place.Mid-meal, I figured out that it was vegan. I've been a vegetarian for a while, but this place has made a great culinary argument for dropping dairy.
Went with my three sisters (not all veggies like me) and sampled everything they ordered too -- everything was fantastic; we all agreed. 
We were too full for dessert, but ordered it anyway and took it home. It was meh, but I'm not sure if that was because it was next-day food, or if it was just really meh. 
My recommendation is to go, order anything, fill up until it almost hurts and leave without dessert. But definitely go.Coming here for brunch is the BEST. They have so many options- way too hard to pick just one. 
Pumpkin pancakes (seasonal) and french toast are great. So is the most savory sauteed spinach dish. They also have omelets that you can add anything to! The base is soy but it's so indistinguishable. 
PLUS: This place is BYO- so hello to Sunday brunch (;Mi Lah continue to be one of the most consistent vegan options around the square.  The food it well done and they are able to produce some great tasting food for that most non-vegans would enjoy.
However, they continue to fall short on the customer service end of things.  While they do get the food out, they just don't seem like they're real happy that you are there.  I've been here a handful of times each at a different time and the attitude was the same.  "We're unexpectedly busy so have a seat".  The servers always just seem slightly short of wanting you there.  Rarely do you see a smile.  Do I need a happy go lucky server that bounces around the room?  No.  But a Hello, how are you today would be nice.
Still a great place for vegan options and would still go again based on the fantastic food.Went in with a friend to take-out. We had a small dog with us and it took like 3 waiters to tell us the dog couldn't stay because the chef was allergic to dogs. (I would have been satisfied with them saying that dogs weren't allowed for health concerns or something... but whatever).
The food we took out was really good, but the complete absence of people skills or knowledge on the part of the staff (one guy even used the "it's my first day" excuse), made the experience really frustrating and anticlimactic.Was really excited to try this place, but after we did I was a bit disappointed. I love all vegetarian and vegan places but it seems that so many can end up lacking in flavor. Everything on the menu sounded perfect, but when ordered, fell flat. We ordered 5 different things on the menu and nothing was exceptional. They also serve bland white bread with jelly as a starter which was disappointing too. 
We had the sampler plater as an app. Also had the edamame dumplings which were bland.  We had the Cambodian amok and I swear it had a taste like fruit loops.My question for Mi Lah is why are you always so unhappy to see me? I am a pleasant patron with a positive attitude and I am not a difficult customer, so why do you make me feel like I am ruining your life for ordering a cup of coffee?
I have visited Mi Lah for brunch two times now and unfortunately I don't have anything pleasant to report back on. The first experience I had at Mi Lah was filled with excitement while visiting Philadelphia last spring. I was so stoked to finally be able to eat from an all vegan brunch menu! Unfortunately my expectations were not met and I was so disappointed I never wanted to return again. But alas, I decided to give them another shot. After all, just because the service was absolutely terrible one day, and the chicken and waffles left something to be desired, didn't mean that other things on the menu would be bad, and hey, maybe our server was just having a really bad day.
Well the second visit was even worse than the first. The food was sup par, I could have made something more delicious at home with random items from my fridge. And once again I was met with a rude and unpleasant  attitude by our server. He was also unattentative and acted as if he wished I HAD stayed home and made my own brunch. If the food was outstanding, or even good I would be able to look past the poor attitude of the waiter, but it was bland and not thoroughly cooked, my cheese in my omelette was not even close to melted! And the veggies weren't cooked all the way. The chicken in the chicken and waffles was rubbery and even though it apparently was fried it tasted as if it was cooked in a microwave. The lack of flavor and improperly cooked entrees was especially frustrating for what I was paying, between $13 and $20 for mostly everything on the menu. Never have a been to another restaurant where the service was so bad that I felt inclined not to tip at least 20%.
A tip for the service, be nicer, your unpleasantness isn't flattering and makes me want to leave before I have even gotten my food.I had the thai green curry and thought it was very good, along with that I tried the butternut squash soup, also very good.   I also tried the seitan black bean taquitos and the sweet potato fries - they were OK too.   The service is a little spotty but friendly.   Not the best vegan I ever tried, and certainly not the best thai or asian, but not bad.   I would go again for sure.i go here for brunch often. i would say it's as good as it gets for vegan brunch in philadelphia. they have some nice things like french toast for six bucks. the omelette is great too. it's all totally vegan. no dairy or eggs of any kind on the menu. the space is kinda eh, but what are you going to do.Went for a delicious brunch and was not disappointed.  They had lots of varied options, so I chose the closest thing to a combo plate that they were offering.  
Everything was delicious: multi-potato hash, tempeh bacon, pancake with blueberry sauce, and most especially the exquisite omelette that was bursting with veggies and "cheese" sauce (they would not divulge the secret; I actually think the waiter winked when he politely refused).
The entire staff seemed intent on making sure we were enjoying our meal and our experience and we did.Now that I have properly tried EVERYTHING on their dinner menu and most things on their lunch menu, I think I should post a review! I LOVE this place. Yes, LOVE... I go here every chance I get. The service is great, I think it's owned by a cute little Asian family and they seem super nice. The food is always consistently terrific. I have to say my absolute favorite dinner item is the Brazilian Seitan Feijoda (sp?). Even before I was vegan I would come here pretty frequently. I have only been here once for brunch and it was equally delicious so I'll just have to do that more often. Also, the service is very fast and I've come for lunch from work with only an hour to spare and been fine. Two thumbs up!The first time I came here, I was obsessed. My date and I split the edamame dumplings, which were divine, and the cauliflower steak I got as my entree was out of this world. Five stars all around!!
Then I came again with a friend this past Saturday and everything we ordered was a little sub-par. The summer rolls were good, but plain. I loved the fresh mango on the salad, but the spices they threw in didn't mesh (maybe cumin? I don't know). The worst part was the zuchini cakes, which our sweet, well-meaning server recommended. They used some kind of vegetable protein to imitate crab cakes and the texture and flavor was just... odd... in a bad way. I hate to give this place a negative review because I LOVE that it's vegan! Just please, Mi Lah - stay away from the weird meat substitutes. Very hit or miss.I am recent to the vegetarian lifestyle and this is the first vegetarian restaurant I've tried. I have to say I was disappointed. It's hard to tell whether I just made poor choices off the menu or the place overall is bad. 
First, I find spending $20 for a plate of non-meat foods a little bit of a rip-off. Unless the dish is something made with truly high quality / farm fresh ingredients, my max is around 12-15 for a plate of vegan food. 
Second, I found the tastes overall to be bland. Hardly any seasoning (even basics like salt and pepper were blatantly missig), and nothing out on the table for us to use either. 
Third, and the most important part, there were technical errors in the food. My dish was served so lukewarm that by the time I was halfway through it was cold. And the roasted brussel sprouts (my favorite veggie) seemed to be flash grilled... The stems were so undone they were inedible. Also, the "gratin" of vegetables that I ordered came out as a mushy peanut-flavored burger-shaped patty... No gratin whatsoever. The whole mess was sitting in a weak puddle of flavorless miso broth. 
I honestly found the food at this restaurant to be a huge turn off to the vegetarian lifestyle. Sorry to say but I won't be coming back.I have eaten here for both lunch and dinner and I have to say the lunch is oddly superior to the dinner.  I don't know what it is, maybe they are used to a Center City lunch rush crowd and work better under pressure? Maybe it's the lunch options?  Who knows, all I know is YUM!  Waitstaff, decor, overall ambience equals five stars, no doubt.  
Let's talk about why I love them first: Lunch!  Lunch offers a choice of some seriously amazing veggie sandwiches, salads and a few entrees.   I have tasted on their portobello sandwich, beer battered seitan sandwich and pad thai for lunch- all fabulous, huge portions with a side salad.  They also offer super tasty sweet potato fries that go just perfectly with the sandwiches.   I ate there with two other people and our bill was $31, awesome! 
Dinner offers full entrees and if their dinners were as good as their sandwiches Mi Lah would be my favorite restaurant.  It's not that they taste bad or anything, they don't.   As a matter of fact they are extremely flavorful but if you compare dinner to lunch they're just lacking a bit.   I can't remember what it was but the appetizer we got was sort of pretentious and small even though we were told it was find to share with three people.  Another person that underestimates my fatty appetite, I'm so misunderstood.  Our dinners were good but they forgot the tofu in my husband's pad thai (a main ingredient) and didn't do anything to rectify it when he pointed it out (to be fair he didn't realize it until his last few bites but still).  The other gripe was the price difference as the pad thai is available for both lunch and dinner, same exact portion size, $10 for lunch, $14 for dinner.  Weird.  
I have yet to try their brunch but the menu looks amazing and vegan brunches are something this city is lacking so I give them props for the offering. 
Go here for lunch, you get a bang for lunch buck!The food is beautiful and so tasty...many, many options for vegans.  Service was great...the only gripe is the atmosphere.  A sprucing up and it could be such a nicer experience!Don't take omnivores here. If you like low oil dryish food you might like it. I ordered the tofu Benedict and it was a sad, dry version of what a vegan Benedict should be. It is as if they have created "healthy" versions of all of your favorites, meaning they are no longer your favorites. I like healthy food done well, but let's not make sad imitations.This is the only vegan restaurant I've ever gone to where I leave the restaurant full and happy! Their dishes are so delicious and so beautiful. My favorites are the sweet potato cakes, the cauliflower steak, and the Indonesian spring rolls with seitan.Why, Mi Lah? Why?
Why must your vegan brunch menu sound so deliciously amazing and be such an oversell and misrepresentation of the food that you actually produce? 
I wanted to like this place. Mi Lah is like that boy I dated who was cute and smart and funny and sweet and had two cute dogs and loved the beach and also voted for GW the second time. I just couldn't get past it to make it work with him and I just couldn't get past the disappointment to make it work with Mi Lah.
I have been looking forward to trying Mi Lah's vegan brunch for a while now, reading the menu as I pass and salivating as I consider all of the delicious possibilities that are so eloquently described on their menu. My friends and I sampled the pancakes, which should not be hard to make a delicious vegan version of something so simple (relative to meat, right?). They were bland and boring. More upsetting, though, was that they were supposed to come with "blueberry butter", which had all of our imaginations going and turned out was just some kind of blueberry sauce and not buttery at all. The vegan sausage and avocado on a biscuit with (1 tbsp of) gravy was the group favorite. Again, it *sounded* amazing, but by favorite I mean that it was the most palatable of our 3 dishes. The vegan bacon was visually disturbing. My PTSD from that experience prevents my going into further detail. And the tofu omelet just left me disappointed with it's sad little half-toast points looking anemic on the side. Another issue we all had was that there was no salt and pepper on the table. Vegan food sometimes requires one to sauce it up a bit, which was certainly the case on this visit. Regarding service, the one server seemed sweet but was unfortunately spacey and ineffectual.Its pretty hard to find a Chinese or oriental type of vegetarian food! Almost impossible! This one stands out from the rest. Usually its not that crowded, and again seating is not very plenty. Though the restaurant says that they get locally grown fruits and vegetables, one can not be sure that they are non-GMO, especially when there is so much of Soy in many dishes. If they could get guaranteed non-GMO produce in their preparation I would have given 5 stars. Just because its locally grown does not mean that they are organic or non-GMO. Even Whole Food store has fallen in to that trap, to entice consumers that locally grown is safe. 
Coming to the food itself, its delicious. I had Tomyum soup lemongrass and coconut base with tofu, mushrooms, broccoli, and carrots (its the name of the soup!), Mi Lah Cheesesteak with sautéed mushroom and peppers, and Mushrooms and vegetables baked in phyllo crust, served over cashew nut-cream sauce and kale complement (thats entree). Great choices; all were mouth watering. In fact I could not eat all and had to pack some home. The whole thing I think came to around $30 plus taxes tips etc. If I am in Phili again, I would definitely go back!I'm a carnivore and found this place surprisingly good for lunch!  Well, it wasnt that surprising since I thoroughly looked through the yelp reviews while out in the area and my friend and I decided to go for it.  We had been in the mood for a healthier meal and decided to be open-minded.
It was early enough still for brunch on a Sunday afternoon and so we started out with a plate of fresh fruit.  We each ordered a main course.  I had masa cakes with black beans and mango salsa with half an avocado on top.  This was really flavorful and satisfying.  My friend had the "sausage" and biscuits with mushroom gravy(which was super tasty!), sweet potato home fries (which were too soft and not really that good) and a coconut breaded fried mushroom cutlet-like thing that was really really good.
I was kind of curious and decided to order the vegetarian bacon.  That was an unpleasant experience actually.  It was like flat strips of play-doh with an unfamiliar flavor that kind of makes me imagine I know what MDF tastes like.  
Facon aside, this was really a solid good meal that stuck with us til dinner.  The flavors were great and as a result we're both less sympathetic for those silly vegans.
*I added a photograph of our dishes.I just got back from a weekday lunch here with two friends (I am vegeterian but neither of them are). I had the zucchini pattie cheeseburger w/ sweet potato fries while my friends had the cheesesteak and the Thai green curry. We all agreed the food was excellent. Apparently one of them had previously visited for brunch and spoke highly of that visit as well. I was impressed with the uniqueness of the burger as I'm used to encountering very standardized veggie burgers at most restaurants.
The wait staff was mediocre and we had to ask for the check but other than that it was a great meal! I saw someone eating the pad Thai which looked delicious...I will have to try that next time. Being vegeterian it's nice to have another meatless restaurant in the center city!This review is a bit bittersweet. I'm vegetarian so this place obviously caters to my needs (think 4 stars), but at the same time I feel like it only as a few REALLY good options (sorry had to drop a star). My co-worker and I try to eat from vegetarian/vegetarian-friendly places (very limited in the city, but still some good options out there) every Friday so we've tried a bunch of items from their lunch menu. The Vietnamese hoagie is by far the best thing on the menu. Even though, like Aria S., I too would prefer a whole wheat option, I can definitely say that one cannot go wrong with this item. It has tofu and veggies and all the right spices. It however is only available as a lunch option and that too only on weekdays (much to the dismay of someone who lives closeby like my co-worker).
I really wanted to try the Mexican Hot Dog (according to the menu, it has chorizo, refried black beans and mango salsa with sweet potato fries) Sounds amazing right? Unfortunately, they no longer serve it on the menu :(. Needs to be taken off the online menu. Sorry for that little rant, but i was so excited!!
Overall, a nice place to try but wouldn't say it renders the need for frequent visits.As far as I'm concerned, this is the best restaurant in Center City Philadelphia in its price range. I'm so sad that I only found this the last day of my trip.
The food was magnificent. The dishes were simple, but perfectly prepared. I've never had such good butternut squash soup. It had richness and several levels of flavor, which is practically miraculous considering it was vegan. 
I also had the Pad See Yew from their lunch menu. They did a great job, though it would have made me happy if they'd used the typical Chinese broccoli rather than American. Still, it was great and very satisfying without being greasy. That whole meal was under $15!
Sort of a small point, but unlike about half the restaurants I've tried in the area this one was immaculately clean. So many times, you find sort of a subtle gunk -- the edges of the table are greasy or the menus need a good wipe down, or the corners of the room seem gritty. NOPE. The place looked like it was brand new.
I cannot recommend this place strongly enough.I love the fusion of Thai indonesias and chinese food. The Indonesian roll is great and I love the coconut truffle soup. 
The flat noodles were similar to what I have had in Malaysia and service is good.
The food come in piping hot and the crunchiness is scrumptious.
Love it and it is truly a place for vegetarins and vegansOrdered takeout a few times for lunch.  I thought the food was tasty and well-prepared.  I was able to check out the dining room and it appeared very clean.  After calling in our order, the food was ready so fast!  The brown fried rice was good.  I also had some kind of pizza that was good as well.  Will probably stop in again if we are in the area.I was here yesterday but for the price I would give this place 5 stars. It has excellent vegetarian fair and came out spicy and flavorful. My kids loved it especially eating meat ( mock ) without any suffering.This is a perfect restaurant for vegetarians and non-vegetarians as well.  There is something on the menu for everyone and everything is well priced.  My office takes groups there often and they are always accommodating.I went here with an unlikely crowd for a business lunch. Me the lone vegan, and everyone else not even vegetarians.
The place is relatively small, but the upstairs is very nice. The server we had was excellent and the food arrived quickly, even for a group of 7.
Everyone really seemed to enjoy the food and I have to say that it was excellent. People in the party had the african stew, pad thai, and a few of us had the vietnamese hoagie. I also had the hot and sour soup. The soup was very good, as good as any vegan hot and sour I've had anywhere and was a nice large portion.
The hoagie was excellent, with just the right mixture of tofu, carrots, cucumber, hot peppers and cilantro. Really one of my favorite sandwiches I've ever had at a restaurant.
Once I go back (which I will the next time I'm in town), it might deserve the 5th star. I just need to go try some more things, but at this point, I think it's likely to be one of the better vegan places around. The hardest part will be whether to get the hoagie again or try something else. It's that good.I've gotten takeout for lunch here twice now.  They have a lunch special where you get soup, an appetizer and an entree for around $10-12.  Good price and a lot of food.  Be warned however, the menu for the specials that hangs outside the restaurant is not the current menu.  It has more choices and frankly, better choices (in my opinion). 
The first time we went I got the coconut truffle soup, the mushroom roll and something with rice noodles.  The soup was good, the mushroom roll was good.  I didn't like the noodle dish and threw it out.  The noodles and a big thing of fresh picked basil came in one container and a miso type broth came in another and you're supposed to pour the broth over the noodles. Like I said, I threw it out, but I don't like miso soup, so it was probably me.
The 2nd time I got the butternut squash and coconut soup, edamame dumplings and a tofu and brown rice dish.  They were all good.  That's pretty much my reaction to this place.  It's good, but nothing really stands out as great.  Everything is just good and kind of boring and bland.  I used a real lot of hot sauce on everything.I have only been to Mi Lah twice.   I will admit that.  Both times were for brunch.  I may update my rating after trying other meals there. 
Pretty decent food for what it is and props on taking the leap to 100% vegan.  However, I find the food to be lacking in the fresh veggie department, which is important.  It is heavy on mock creaminess and the creams tend to be sweet.  I want to enjoy a vegan restaurant, but I don't need that place to think it has to make food overly rich in order to satisfy people.  Embrace the idea of food, not emulating omnivorous food.We made a reservation at Mi Lah for our anniversary. 2:15 on a Sunday afternoon, earlier than I would have liked but no problem. When we arrived we saw a sign saying that it was the last day in that location. We were seated and given water promptly. Our server came back almost instantly to ask if we were ready to order. We said we needed more time, he literally came back four times in under five minutes. When we said we were ready to order, he the. Very rudely told us that they were only serving brunch, and mumbled off a list of 4 or 5 things they were out of. We said we needed more time and our server seemed annoyed. We discussed going somewhere else since the menu was extremely limited and our server was being impatient but decided to stay. Big mistake! We ordered and our food came out within minutes. Don't get me wrong, I'm into quick service but how could our food be prepared and heated that fast unless it was premade and microwaved. The food was okay. My polenta was tasty but the kale was too tough to eat. The restaurant was clearing out and we figured that we were being rushed so our server could get to other duties and leave. My date finished his meal before me, the server cleared his plate and then.... This is mind blowing to me... He asked if he could put my food in a box. I was still eating. He had just watched me take a bite and said this to me while I was chewing and had at least half of my food still sitting on my plate. I finished my food, used their dirty bathroom upstairs, my date paid the check. We left at 2:45. The entire experience was 30 minutes. I have never been rushed by a server before like that. It was rude and obnoxious! I will never return there to eat.I really dig Mi Lah Vegetarian and highly recommend them for lunch take out orders. For dinner and eating in? Not as much a fan.
I've eaten from Mi Lah three times:
1. The First time was last March and I believe they had just changed management, which might be why it was lacking. There was only 2 other parties in there and the upstairs was empty. Thankfully one of the groups in there was a table of 6 - because there is no music in the restaurant. So its SUPER quiet! which is pretty awkward in such a small place, which means you are able to hear everyone else's conversations. 
The food this time was okay. We had a brussel sprout, winter squash, potato and pistachio dish in some sort of lemon sauce, which really just tasted like lemon butter, but it was pretty good. The Pad Thai was kinda bland - but I enjoy any time I can find a vegan Pad Thai. The mushroom soup was the soup of the day and was inedible. It had separated so that there was a layer of oil on top. I didn't eat any and they offered me the other soup but I had no interest at that point and they still charged us the 6 bucks for it, even though you could hear them talking about the oil separation in the kitchen right behind us - since you know, theres no background noise and you could hear everything. We also had some vegetable fritter appetizer that was good. So there was some really bad, some really good.
2. I gave them a few months to try Mi Lah again and then ordered lunch for take out and got the Vietnamese Hoagie. I was a little hesitant to spend 8 dollars on a Vietnamese Hoagie for lunch - but not only was it gigantic (2 meals worth), it was totes delicious - with the perfect ratio of tofu to vegenaise to veggies! 
3. I went once more with a large group from work for lunch, which was no problem to sit us all upstairs. I split the Vietnamese Hoagie and Hickory Smoked Portobello sandwich with a coworker. The Hoagie wasn't as massive as the time before but both were super good. Service wasn't super fast, but there were about 12 of us and she was very nice.
So while the experience has gotten better, I just find it so odd that there is no music/background noise at all at this place and will continue to order lunch out, but probably not eat in again.
Also: 1 star for their website, which has a Flash pre-loader, auto-starting music, a not-so-usable scrolling menu and a title bar that just says "Fine Restaurant".First of all, can we talk about how the waiter told us that basically everything on the menu is gross? Vegan bacon? Yeah, don't get that - it's gross. Oh, you're thinking about ordering that? Yeah, don't get that either. Yuck. I don't think he's vegan, and I don't think he likes his job. 
Listen, man, when I'm bringing my omnivore friends out to vegan brunch and trying to get them to see the other side, you're really not helping my cause by saying everything is gross. 
LUCKILY, the food made up for it. I got the vegan omelette, which was more like a crepe with filling but still awesome and the miso kale as a side. My friends got the pancakes and the chicken and waffles. All the food was bomb, and I don't think I've ever seen so many vegan brunch options on one menu anywhere. It was vegan brunch heaven. 
I can't speak for the rest of the food here, but I was really impressed with the brunch offerings. The place was totally empty when we arrived at 11 AM on Sunday. It made me sad that more people weren't up for trying it, but I could see why when the one waiter is convinced that everything his employer makes is awful.The food is delicious. The service is OK, they need a little training but you can tell it's a small family businesses. We've had several dishes and not once have we been disappointed. Brunch is awesome too.I now work in Center City and am a regular for lunch.  I can not get over how literally everything here is amazing and comes out HOT.  Try the Caulliflower soup - you will not be dissapointed.  The Mi Lah Cheesesteak is BANGIN.  I never even ate cheesestakes when i ate meat - i honestly think these are better.  
I also have come here many times for dinner and honestly everything on the menu is good.  I took my fiance there with 2 of our friends and they literally thought it was the most flavorful meal they ever had.  i was delighted because NONE of them were even vegetarian let alone vegan. 
If you can, try to sit upstairs - it is a little more romantic :) 
Also - try everything on the menu - because it really is that good.I can confidently say that my digestive system didn't like the vegetarian grease in which my spring rolls were fried.  That being said I loved it. We went for brunch, which compared to dinner or lunch seemed more in our price range.  
Usually my problem with vegan and vegetarian cuisine is that it tries to be meat (imitation beef, tofurkey, soy dog, etc.)  That is not the case with Mi Lah.  They acknowledge that the food is vegan and they adapt well known comfort food and traditional Asian foods to this style.  Humans weren't built to eat meat as a centerpiece to every meal, it's not normal. Mi Lah does an excellent job at vegan.   I would positively go back! Mi  Lah is a boyb, so bring your bottles!!I've only been to brunch, but haven't been disappointed by the food. The french toast, quesadilla, and gravy biscuits have been favorites so far. The service, on the other hand, is what makes me think twice about going back. Food doesn't come out on time, orders are mixed up or brought to the wrong tables, water and coffee aren't refilled, and people have waited a long time for things like coffee creamer or a fork. There's no way to have brunch with a group in under two hours since there's so much wait time for everything to come together.Stumbled into Mi Lah after being  drained by the PIFA street faire crowd- thinking it was offering vegetarian Chinese  food- Wrong!  They had a brunch menu.  Don't know why I did this   but I ordered the pumpkin pancakes with veggie bacon.  The free fruit plate that came with the meal wasn't good- unripe  crappy fruit.  But the pancakes- wonderful!!!!! best pumpkin pancakes- perfectly spiced and prepared.  This place gets the  prize for 2nd best pancakes ( Andy's place in Bridgeport is #1  HANDS DOWN).  Had a great conversation with  two wonderful people  at  another table- the atmosphere;small,intimate and friendly.  Will be coming back to Mi Lah  again.We came to Mi Lah for brunch and had a passable meal. I like that they start you off with some free fruit; that said, the oranges were sour, the apples looked old, and the grapes were seeded.
We asked for tea and all they had was green, which was fine, but they cost $3 a cup (albeit with free refills). That's expensive for low-grade green tea.
For our mains we had the tofu benedict ($13) and the Indonesian breakfast with caramelized tofu and a seitan fried cake thing ($14). The tofu benedict was okay, but fairly bland, particularly the kale and tomato on the side (why were they not seasoned and incorporated into the dish better?). The hollandaise sauce tasted weirdly lemon-y and I scraped most of it off. That said, I like their tofu, which is firm and really smooth, and went well with the wholewheat English muffins.
The Indonesian breakfast was more flavorful, but wasn't great on a whole. I liked the sweet potato-curry-seitan dollop they gave, but it was too small a portion. The caramelized tofu was tasty, but be warned that this is both oily and sugary (you might feel queezy afterward). The fried cake things were bland.
In general, the portion sizes were small considering the high price of the dishes. As such, Mi Lah is not a great value. While I applaud them for taking some risks with their menu, I don't think they quite succeed; they'd be better off lowering their prices and making more integrated dishes (everything here is served in tiny batches on a gigantic plate).
The service was efficient, if not overly warm. I'll come back to Mi Lah for lunch or dinner, but I'd skip the brunch.can't complain about a vegan place with delicious food and thoughtful service. 
i recommend the tofu benedict at brunch and the buffalo seitan hoagie or cheesesteak at lunch.I'm a vegan who's new to Philly and I was really excited for Mi Lah. I've been to Horizons and it's DELICIOUS--since Mi Lah is comparable in price and bills itself as gourmet vegetarian, I expected something equivalent. What I got was extremely disappointing--bland, unappetizing, off-putting texture, flavors that didn't work together, and a meal I couldn't even finish.
For an appetizer, my friend and I shared the African sweet potato pattie. She thought it was ok, I didn't. It was sweet but somewhat bland--it needed a kick or something to cut the mealy, insipid sweetness, and the cabbage and peanuts were not that thing.
For my main dish I had the Grilled Oyster Mushroom on brandy-tequila tomato sauce with vegan sausage. Sounds terrific, right? I LOVE oyster mushrooms! Or... did. Here they had the taste and texture of undercooked squid. They made me gag--and before I was vegan, I LIKED squid! But these mushrooms tasted like raw egg whites trapped in flavorless jello casing. The vegan sausage tasted no better than the kind you can get in your neighborhood grocery store. The corn masa cake was all right.
My friend got the Grilled Seitan in Tamarind Sauce with Butternut Squash risotto and carrots. The carrots were ungainly and undercooked. The risotto probably tasted good, but came on a bed of VERY strong basil sauce that did not go with the flavors of the dish at ALL, and killed the taste of anything it came in contact with. All the flavors we COULD make out over the sauce--clashed. We both are big fans of seitan, and when made properly, it is rich and flavorful and meatily textured and delicious--not here. It was dull and gelatinously chewy and also seemed undercooked (or under-marinated). 
Neither of us finished our dishes.
Seriously, go to Horizons instead.I eat there everyday for lunch, I love this place.  The miso braised kale and the vegan cheesesteak are my favorite things on the lunch menu, dinner menu my favorites are palenta cake and the califlower steak.I have been here only twice and I will most likely never go back.  Both times I have been, not only was my server rude and inattentive, but openly mocked and scoffed at my girlfriend and her requests. Once for asking for syrup for her waffle and then for asking if they served decaf coffee.They weren't even busy the second time I went.
My first meal here was the tofu Benedict and I almost cried because it was so dry and bland. Her chicken and waffles was great. The second time I got the biscuits with avocado and gravy. It was very good and made up for the pathetic excuse for tofu Benedict.
I can't allow my money to go to such awful people. Maybe those two guys just don't want to be working there, but if I worked for tips I would be nicer. Also, I would simply be nicer anyways because everyone should.
I give two stars instead of one only because the food is generally good.So I basically felt like  they slammed their door in my face. Here's what happened:
9:15PM Tuesday night I was out with my bf looking for a place to grab dinner on our way home. We stopped at two places only to find out they closed a nine. I suggested biking to Mi Lah because it was nearby, and we had enjoyed a nice brunch there before. 
To our luck, the door said they were open 'til 10 and the sign in the window said "Open." As we were locking up our bikes at the rack just in front of the restaurant and talking, we turned around to see the open sign flip, the door lock and the shades get twisted closed. 
It was pretty apparent we were about to go in, after standing in front of their door a few seconds, then locking up our bikes right there. I think the closer heard our voices, decided she'd rather go home early, then locked us out right before we could step through the door. 
Very disappointing. And she could have made the same, closing early, situation so much better if she had just said something to us. Anything, "Sorry, the waiter has to leave early tonight," "The cook has already cleaned up for the evening"... ANYTHING rather than just rushing to lock us out so they didn't have to serve us.
Its such a shame because its a nice restaurant, has a great menu and I really wanted to eat there, but I'm so stirred up about that situation I would rather not support such rude practices.
:(Food was amazing on 8/24/2012.  I would give 5 stars, but I had an issue with my dinner.  I was eating the summer rolls, and a piece of FOOD inside was so hard I thought I was going to break my tooth (it still hurt the next day).  I explained this to the waitress who was basically arguing with me about it, something about a rice sheet being edible.  I pointed out the piece, and don't think they even tried to verify that it was solid as a rock.  Never asked if my tooth was OK, and no comp on the receipt.