MidAtlantic seems like it should be a great place. The decor is modern and fun, outdoor seating has a nice fire burning, and the menu has a nice range of food. Really though, there is something missing from it. Mainly people, but that aside I think it would be fair to say it is overpriced. Similar feeling restaurants don't cost this much. The food I ordered was satisfactory; heavy without a doubt. The oysters were great, but $4 each...Oops! Waited too long to write this review, but I'm not surprised they closed... Seemed like overpriced food that didn't taste that great.  Pork was overcooked.The Service: A mixed bag. The hostess at the front was friendly and helpful - taking our wet umbrellas and even seating us way earlier than needed for our reservation for 12 (friend's birthday). On the other spectrum of things, our waitress was rather...  curt in the beginning, though she got friendlier and more helpful (explaining what rarebit was, etc.) towards the end of our night. And the food took quite a while to come out. We were there on a Tuesday night where there weren't a lot of people. It would be one thing if they were just staggering our food so they got out what they could, but everyone's food came out pretty slow. Though I will say they were willing to go out of their way to make a pair of Picklebacks (shot of Jameson with a pickle juice chaser) for the birthday boy and one of our friends.
Ambience: It has the look of a higher-end restaurant/bar with the added bonus of a jukebox that plays free music and a pool table (granted it's oddly placed and cramped). Clean and professional looking.
The Food: Another mixed bag. The soft pretzel appetizer with rarebit was apparently a hit with our group with at least 4 people ordering it. The tomato fondue was also incredibly tasty and inviting (considering we had come through the cold rain). The pot roast and meatloaf servings were enormous, although the roast could have been a little better. And I got a caesar salad with chicken which amounted to three uncut leaves of lettuce and some chicken on the side. At least it tasted like a caesar salad.
The Drinks: A very nice variety with something for everyone from the discerning beer snobs to the uninitiated to the ones who only like girly drinks.
The Pricing: Too high for my tastes. Granted the soft pretzel was amazing, but $9? Really? And I was willing to wait on passing judgement for having to pay $16 for a chicken caesar salad, but when they served that paltry excuse for a salad, I nearly laughed and said, "What the hell is this?" Getting bang for your buck is very hit-or-miss here. Some things seem practically a steal and some things are an utter rip off. My partner and I ended up with a bill for about $86 before tax and tip (we each had an appetizer, meal, and two drinks), but I can think of plenty of other places where we could pay that amount and get a lot more food that would both taste better and be more memorable (for all the right reasons).
Overall View: This might be a nice place to chill out after work and have a few drinks during happy hour ($3 on draft beers), but between the pricing and quality of food, it's too rich for my blood.I heard about this place for a lil while, but wasn't sold yet until open table had a 50% sale, so I decided to give it a try.  I took my Love for his birthday and I sold it to him because of the beer selection which is great.  The food was interesting.  Love had the 'crab scrapple' & I had the 'pork belly'.  We both felt was good, but not so sure I would try it again.  The service was great, so that helped and for anyone who enjoys a good bread basket--you"ll love this one for sure.I have to say that I had high hopes for this new restaurant; however, overall, the experience I had was very disappointing.  
We ordered the dinner for two:  Mixed Grills - Seafood and Meat "Combination Platter".   The idea was for my friend to eat the seafood while I ate the meat; however, that would not be the case once the entree arrived.  
Overall, it was not a mixed platter.  There was one piece of seafood and the rest was pork, steak, and chicken.  In addition, my friend noted that we did not have the proper utensils for this event. 
We were on a time crunch- trying to get to a movie....I will say that one management was aware of the concerns presented, they made a genuine effort to correct the mistakes.  Additional seafood was brought to the table and the entire meal was comped.
Overall, I think that there are technical issues that have to be resolved for the overall success of this restaurant.  I think it is a promising location and great management staff.  Once the newness wears off and the staff know what they are doing...It will be a fine place to dine.This is where I discovered my obsession with Boston Bibb lettuce.  Their burger was good, their beer selection very interesting, and it feels like a low-key but fancy restaurant.  I want to put together a school event at the bar area since it's a great place to mingle but a little awkward to look at when the restaurant is a bit empty.  There is an open kitchen and the service is good.Stay away from this place. A complete disappointment. The "pig wings" were awful - too salt and too sweet at the same time (In know, it doesn't sound possible.) My friend ordered the hot dogs and they were ok, but DO NOT order the Corned Beef Special sandwich. Almost inedible. The service was good, and provided some beer suggestions -- even though the one beer we wanted wasn't available. I was really looking forward to eating here, so I am very saddened by the experience.Great beer selection. They had a delicious cider made with bourbon that was amazing.
The pig wings are unbelievable!I was intrigued by the regional theme after reading about MidAtlantic on DailyCandy and Thrillist, but the meal didn't meet my high expectations.
MidAtlantic is located in the Science Center across from Penn.  I went with the boyfriend on a Thursday night.  He commented that the space lacked warmth--I thought it was a cool design, but something about it hinted at something almost Marathon-like in character.  Lacking personality, or something.  
I actually wasn't that hungry, and nothing on the menu was calling to me (it would be nice if they had more helpful descriptions of the items on the "sustenance" category of the menu--which is separate from the sandwiches category, oddly).  So I got a beet and goat cheese salad, which actually was pretty impressive.  The goat cheese was whipped or something into a creamy bed under the lettuce, and in addition to serving crisp, sweet beets, they had also pureed some beets for a sauce on the side (though they seemed to not know where to put it on the plate, so it was under the beets, and I don't really need beet sauce on my beets).  Anyway, the salad was good.  
My boyfriend ordered the MidAtlantic burger.  The description said a bunch of things, and sausage.  But the server informed us that it's a chicken or beef burger (your choice), and then they put sausage on top of it.  We were quite confused by that--who wants sausage on top of chicken?  And how does a sausage come on top of a burger? Turns out it's a scrapple-like pancake of sausage that comes on top.  The burger was a little burnt on the outside, as was the bun, and the sausage did not complement the burger's flavor.  It was more expensive than the burger at Village Whiskey, and not half as good (ok, even less than half as good).
My bf's root beer, however, was good, and I got a Yards Brawler (a questionable pairing with the beet salad, but whatever).  The table next to us was served biscuits, but we were not.  
The place was half empty the whole time, so no need to make reservations for a weeknight.
Nothing to complain about regarding the service.Went to MidAtlantic before the Penn-Temple bball game, and I thought the food was spectacular. I got the roast pork and broccoli sandwich (it seemed like the vegetable was broccolini instead of broccoli, which would make more sense). The sandwich was amazing, if not a little overpriced ($14). It came with side salad, which was classically executed - whole-leaf lettuce, not cut up, with a beautiful vinaigrette.
The ambiance was OK. It felt like it was supposed to evoke a refined industrial sort of feel - lots of wood and stainless steel. Outside, there is a caged in, linear fire pit surrounded by seats. I think I get what they were going for, but the combination of the fire and cage made me feel like I was watching a pay-per-view wrestling event. 
Service was also good. The only reason I am deducting a star is because I think the price point is a little bit high. The menu, overall, was very creative, and I would definitely come back to try another dish.This was a very disappointing meal.  I won't go into the details of the apps and entrees other than to say some were awful and some were simply okay.  The worst part of the meal however was dessert, which bordered on hysterical.  I have to think a 14-year old kid just learning her way around the kitchen could bake something better than what was served that night.  I had the peach buckle, which was meh.  But my husband had the butterscotch bread pudding.  I tried it and couldn't get that awful taste out of my mouth for awhile afterwards.  I still cringe thinking of it.  Seriously.  First of all, it was not bread pudding.  It was cake.  And it had a butter-based icing that tasted like it had been left out for days.  I don't think I can really convey how awful it was.  In all fairness, the manager while making the rounds asked what we thought, and so we told him.  And he very kindly took the price off the menu.  But it was a dealbreaker for us, and despite the lovely decor and interesting concept, we will not go back.Midatlantic is close to Penn's campus and the science centers on Market St and Presbyterian hospital, but unfortunately the location is kind of a no man's land for pedestrians. I just don't see how they can survive off the minimal foot traffic in the neighbourhood during dinnertime, which is unfortunate because I like the space and some of the food.
Things I or my friends liked: crab bisque, vegetarian sandwich, fried clams, french fries-- large cubed potato chunks that are boiled then frozen then deep fried for a crisp exterior and powdery interior, anything pickled (little gherkins, the happy hour mini cup o' pickles that included white asparagus), the housemade bread was good
Not so much: pig wings - I like pork and deep frying, but the pork cubes were too solidly meaty and heavy
- the platters of local cheese and charcuterie didn't seem worthwhile
- the housemade hot dog had a texture that didn't work for me-- the interior was too firm and there was no snap to the outer casing
I haven't personally had any issues with the service (bartender is nice, waitstaff has been fine) and I actually quite like the modern airy salvage/reclaimed wood decor.If they got into ceramics, then they might just make everything in house.
We stopped here last night for the July Hot Dog special.  A house made, all-beef hot dog, smoked, on bread baked in house, with chips made in house, ketchup probably made in house and coleslaw, you guessed it, made in house.
It was freaking delicious.
I was shocked at the amount and quality of food that we received.  The hot dog was perfectly cooked, the chips were crispy and salty, the coleslaw had crunch and bright flavor.  The pickles even had a little horseradish on them.  Wow.
This spot is a true gem.  Our waiter was very cool and sincere.  This hot dog special is usually only offered at the bar but they let us have it at a table.  That was really nice of them.
The space is well laid out, bright and decorated well.  I can't wait to come back here for a full meal.What is the matter with previous reviewers?  This place is great! Service is excellentissimo, food is interesting and beautifully executed, attractively presented.  What's not to star? We LOVED the pretzels with three excellent sauces, especially if you love Welsh rabbit sauce, and perfect horseradish spread.  Fried green tomatoes are rendered perfectly. The skate fish and chips were so fun, with outstanding chips and remarkable lime sauce and a twist on a tartar sauce.  My husband loved the corned beef and cabbage variation.  Our only regret was we hadn't saved room for desserts which sounded simply great. Beer selection and draft beers were outstanding. This is about the third or fourth time we have had a great meal here and far from the last.I have had dinner at MidAtlantic 3 times, and it just keeps getting better and better.  Love the burger, and the chicken pot pie special was wonderful.  I tried a few of the house cocktails and they were both great.  The atmosphere is great, and they treated us really well.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.I think those that can't appreciate the food at MidAtlantic can't appreciate fine food. The atmosphere in my opinion is very cool witih its open kitchen and mix of recycled materials while at the same time having a modern but minimalist appeal. The servers all seem knowledgable and if they don't know the answers they are quick to find them. The food is fresh, creative and presented well. The farmhouse salad tastes like the ingredients came in straight from the Farmer's Market. The veggie scrapple is spicy and delicious and the desserts are devine. Check it out!I had a very pleasant experience last night at this restaurant.  Our party of six was seated in a semi-private area, far enough from the bar and music to be relaxed, yet not oblivious to the scene.  Our server was knowledgeable, his assistants prompt, and the food and drinks were enjoyable.
The menu takes some time to understand, as the distinction between appetizers and "real" food is minimal, but the choices are intriguing and varied.  I'm not sure how long the  Pennsylvania Dutch concept will last, but you should get here while it does to try some interesting meditations on comfort food. 
I'll be back.A few things came to mind when I saw the menu for Mid Atlantic Tap room.
Fun, innovative and w/in a good price point.
We arrived on an early around 6 Saturday night. It was DEAD but luckily for us the place picked up w/in 10 min there were around 15 other tables... 
Our server was really nice and offered us a couple of options for drinks. I opted for the Lancaster Strawberry Wheat and the boy got the Victory Draft. We ordered a cheese plate to start and before that the BEST cheddar cheese biscuits I have ever had came out flaky, crispy and melt in your mouth delicious ... YUMMMM
Cheese board came w/ interesting accompaniments mustards and pickles im used to honeys, compotes and fruit so this was an interesting variation. I was getting pretty full from the cheese and biscuits so I stayed light and ordered the market salad ( chefs whim ) it had root veggie chips and blue cheese it was AMAZING . Chris got a burger which he said was cooked perfectly and came w/ really good gravy fries .. 
For desert the bread pudding which is made w/ TASTYKAKE BUTTERSCOTCH KRIMPETS... I WAS BLOWN AWAY .. I mean how does one come up w. this stuff. It had just the right amount of sweetness and the flavors worked so well .. I will defiantly be returning to this west Philly hot spotMidAtlantic needs to check their navigation because they really missed the boat on several dishes I tried during my visit.  I've noticed that MidAtlantic has been featured multiple times in Bon Appetit magazine, which I thought was interesting since there is little local buzz.  The menu looked intriguing and I was happy for a chance to try this restaurant when we were looking for an early dinner close to U of P.  The first item we ordered, the wild mushroom flatbread, was quite good.  Next up, however, the Welsh rarebit fondue was just wrong.  I looked forward to trying the Welsh rarebit - an indulgent meal I remember from childhood - and my friend was not familiar with this dish at all.  But neither of us wanted to eat it.  Welsh rarebit is usually made with cheddar cheese and beer, but this version apparently has cheddar, provolone, parmesan, and smoked gouda.  Not a winning combination.  We then split the lobster roll.  Again, too much stuff when simpler would have been better.  Herbs, capers...I'm not sure what else, but it had the effect of overwhelming the lobster and the end result was about as appealing as a busy tuna salad.  Vegetarian scrapple was not bad, but not great.  We were sharing, and it was a nice touch that the restaurant split both of these dishes in two portions.  I never saw the full sized lobster roll or scrapple entree, but my impression was that they were on the small side.  The "fry wedges" were really tasty, though, a nice spin on a french fry, but for $2 extra.  For dessert, we split the root beer sticky buns, which were creative and different, and served warm!   Service was smooth and our server was enthusiastic.  Also, worth noting is free parking in a garage on Filbert.  It was not very busy, and therefore a good place to talk over dinner.  And unfortuntely talk ABOUT dinner, and how it just wasn't as good as we hoped it would be!Took a group of friends over to MidAtlantic this week and overall they were not impressed.  The decor & service were good.  I advised everyone the food would be different - edgy and they were game however after sampling a good portion of the menu the mood turned to disappointment.  Specifically the Chicken & Lima Polenta tasted "horrid'  it appeared the beans had not been cooked enough prior to being added, the polenta had not love i.e. butter & cream cheese.  Beet salad with pieces of fried pound cake sounded cool but what arrived was a salad topped with oil soaked pieces of cake - unexcusable.  Crab scrapple didn't seem to have itself together on it's own or in a sandwich... everyone was mixed on the pulled pieces of pork shoulder which was battered and fried.  
Lastly the staff seemed to rush us out despite having an empty restaurant.  Daniel Stern was not there and I believe him to be a great chef.  It's my hope their next venture at Liberty Place will be better.During the 'dining days' special I went to check out MidAtlantic based on the recommendation of other reviews before me but my visit was not the same. It was 2 star worthy.
The food was creative (a plus) in its own way, for example the cheese board accompanied pickled veggies and well, normally boards I have had are with fruits, meats and bread.  The board was a huge hunk of blue cheese and a standard brie (a minus) but I did love one of the mustards on the board (a plus). 
The MidAtlantic chicken sandwich entree with summer sausage, horseradish cheddar + pickles with potato fries was bland. The bread was too thick to taste anything else so I ate it open-faced. I did enjoy the potato fries even if they were overcooked. The friend ordered grilled salmon with roasted lettuce, baby beets + herb jam. She actually choked on the overwhelming vinegar taste and said she was not impressed. On the other hand she did like the crab scrapple.
The dessert I had was simmons chocolate + peanut butter pie with salted pretzel. It was too rich for me, the peanut butter tasted like smuckers and the salted pretzels on top were like the hard ones you get out a vending machine. I took a few bites and left the rest behind. The sour cream pound cake with lavender peaches & cream that the friend ordered was light, simple and possibly the best part of our meals.
It's kind of strange that two things I really liked was the mustard and my friend's dessert.It was our first visit and everything was just outstanding. The rarebit fondue was amazing, and the chocolate/peanut butter dessert phenomenal. Two thumbs up for the meatloaf.  It boggles my mind that the dining room was not packed...we actually reviewed our check twice because, based on the quality of the food, the bill was incredibly reasonable.  It's worth walking the extra block off Penn's campus to try this out!It frustrates me that giving 0 stars is not an option.
I came to MidAtlantic for a Penn club party last night. First of all, this venue hires to dumbest, most unexperienced bouncers that I've ever met. A homeless person off the street could've done the same job. The bouncer looked at my ID for nearly 5 minutes, and questioned me as to why my ID expires in 40 years. Anyone that's bounced a day in their lives should know that all Arizona IDs are this way. HELLOO? The moron also forgot to give my friend her wristband after checking her ID, so she had to get back in line to be checked again in order to bu a drink.
While the bartenders were nice, the bouncers and club security were horrible and obtrusive all night. The worst part is they shut the party down at about 1:15, when it wasn't supposed to end until 2. Infuriated, my friend and I found the manager and approached him about it. When asked for a reason, he told us he could not disclose the reason that they were shutting it down. Sounds like a load of BS to me. 
As someone who paid to get into a party, I have a right to know why I'm being herded out of the party without warning. Later we asked one of the waiters who said that it was being shut down because drinks were being passed to underage students. 
You're joking right? It's not our fault your incompetent bouncers aren't paying attention to what's going on.  Next time, try not to cheap out and hire some real security.
To all the Penn student groups who thought this place would be a great convenient venue close to campus to host a party at, think again. This place is shady as hell, and they will probably try to cheat you out of your money too.i wanted to write this review (which I typically don't do) because I think this place deserves your time and money. it was really excellent - and this is coming from a couple that can be a little snobbish when it comes to food. 
my girlfriend and i went last night and we both went for the University Dining Days deal: 3 course meal for $25. we both ordered the crab bisque, which was tasty and had big pieces of crab in it. then i had the pork and beans, which was absolutely excellent!! my girlfriend had the Pan Crusted Pulled Chicken Scrapple, which was very good too - i had about a quarter of hers too! and then for dessert i had the Philly-Style Butterscotch Bread Pudding, which was very good and my girlfriend had the Blueberry Buckle, which was pretty good too. bottom line, we had an excellent experience and will be coming back. i highly recommend checking it out and hope you have a good as a meal as we had!Maybe there's a reason why MidAtlantic is always so empty.
I made a Yelp account for the express purpose of warning you all not to go here. The level of unprofessionalism and blatant disregard for customer service and community relations makes this establishment a truly reviling place. A restaurant is responsible not only for selling food, but also for service, and it is in this regard that I am deeply, deeply disappointed.
Seeing that this restaurant is tucked within University City, one would think the manager, Larry Morris, who have some sort of foresight in terms of establishing strong relations with the university students that would most likely patron his restaurant. His reputation as rude, abrasive, racist, and entirely unreasonable to work with has absolutely destroyed any hope this restaurant has of gaining the support of the university students around this restaurant.
To anyone considering eating here - Don't bother giving patronage to a restaurant run by someone who has the temper of a small child and all the ignorance of a novice businessman. To the management of MidAtlantic - shame on you, and the most I can hope for your sorry establishment is that you can learn from your mistakes.It's a good thing I was craving some seafood -- Midatlantic hit the spot for me.  We started with fried clams and a platter of charcuterie that was indicative of the local cuisine.  Great cheese, great meats.  My friend and I split the chilled seafood platter -- an adventure for her as she'd never (soberly) had raw oysters before.  Needless to say, those were ALL mine.  Good for me, right?  We also had the Chicken & Dumplings, the daily special, which hit the spot.  The service was fabulous and helpful -- especially for those of us not from the area.  I now know more about scrapple than your average Philadelphian, although we did not order it.  Definitely a spot to return to in Philadelphia.i came here with a bunch of my friends and was surprised to find this place pretty empty given the nice decor.  we sat at the bar while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive.  we ordered some appetizers to munch on first because we were hungry.  they had rogue beer which is one of my favorite.  so far....not bad.  then the rest of our party arrive and we move to our table and asked about the food we ordered.  the bartender forgot to put in our order and we were the only customers there!  so we cancelled it and went to our table.  our waiter appeared to have been new and didnt know what he was doing.  he couldnt explain anything and just said things were good.  he constantly forgot to bring us the foods and items we asked for.  and it didnt help that we had to wait almost 30 mins for our food to come out (keep in mind the restaurant is still pretty empty).  in the end, we were fed and the food was okay.  the manager didnt even come to our table to ask how things were going and if he could assist us in any way.   i think the best part of the night was the gravy fries and my rogue beer.  lets just say none of us will ever go back again.  now i know why the place was empty, bad bartender, bad waiter, bad service and okay food....talk about pissy wait staff at this dump, as they were seating us they took away my daughters glass for water, what she isn't allowed to have water?
the pig wings tasted like they were put through10 day old coffee, the batter on the flounder was thicker than the walls at Alcatraz, the fries had way too much salt.
the fried green tomatoes were good but the little salad on top had way too much dressing!After 4 or 5 different eating experiences at MidAtlantic, I have finally decided never to go back . . . it's overpriced and (at best) bland and (at worst) gross. I've never been that impressed with their food . . . the menu always seems to be trying too hard. And the prices are way too high. But I've gone back a few times for the convenience and outside seating. During my last experience, my friend had to send back her burger for being almost alive (when she ordered medium), which isn't that big of a deal . . . but then shortly after I found gristle/bone the size of a quarter in my chicken sandwich. Seriously gross. The management was nice enough to cover our meal, but that's not enough to entice me to go back. There are so many cheaper, better options in the area. I mean, if it costs $10-12 for a sandwich, is it too much to ask that it doesn't come with gnarley grossness?In town, and met up with some friends we haven't seen in years.  Had dinner here on a Monday night at 7pm.  When we walked in, the place was *empty*.  The hostess asked us if we had reservations!!  We nodded yes, and her response was "Tom?" (the name of our friend that made the reservation).  Not a good sign on # of reservations!
After all these ominous signs, the rest of the evening was superb--we had a great engaging waitress, that made wonderful suggestions, and respected our conversation.  We had the appetizers--the pickle jar, the crab scrapple, and the rarebit.  All were delicious.
For the main course, we all had different entrees, and we were all very satisfied with our selections--salmon, meatloaf, rotisserie chicken.  For dessert we also sampled 3 different ones, and enjoyed all of them--including peanut butter pie, bread pudding.
All in all, a very fun evening, with great food.  Through our 2+ hour meal, only one other table was seated, and maybe one person at the bar.  Not a good sign for continued health of this restaurant.
The prices were on the higher side, but was reasonable for what was delivered.
Hopefully the place is packed on Thurs, Fri, and Saturday nights!OMG-We ate dinner at MidAtlantic last night and had the best meal.  We hadn't eaten there in a while because we usually aren't in that part of the city but now I would make a special trip to go there.  We ate outside which was lovely on the first cool evening of the summer!  Our service with spectacular...as good as any 5 star restaurant and all of our meals (there were three of us) were outstanding.  We had the chicken which was juicy and served with wonderfully prepared veggies and hamburgers were perfectly prepared (medium rare) on homemade rolls.  The bread basket was filled with more delicious homemade bread and biscuits.Okay I lived in Phila for four years. I figured out a few spots that were AMAZING (when I say amazing I mean these restaurants hold their own on a international level) - I've reviewed a few of them. Some super low key with straight up delicious food: Vietnamese (Washington and 15th, Korean (the NE), Ekta, Dmitri's. 
I generally like place that are mellow, not glamorous or high budget. I admit my mom's Mexican food is pretty damn gooood, so I've come to appreciate cooking and irking away from pretentious portion/prices and food that is too fancy and not too delicious.
Now this is exactly where MidAtlantic scores huge with me. The bar with it's the great selection of liquor and convivial enviro balances the dining area nicely. The menu is full of food we all are very familiar with, but somehow still very ORIGINAL.  They take traditional foods, twist em around, use ultra good ingredients, serve it up in hearty portions, don't overcharge, and provide and exceptional atmosphere. It really is a unique place. MIdAtlantic has a delicious food, a lively bar area with a pool table and a free juke box with a smart music collection matched up with a dining area suitable to take my 'boss' (meaning wifey) for a swankish dinner date.
I've been here five times and every time I explore something new. The first time I came here, was strictly to drink and eat peanuts. The four successive times I got into the food. 
The crab scrapple is amazing. I pretty much have to order it every time, along with trying out other dishes. Fish and Chips excellent, Cheese board and Butcher's Block - you have to get - there's some yummy monkey dishes of  homemade condiments (cole slaw, pickles, mustards) that come with that are ridiculously tasty. Fried Green Tomatoes are delectable, the pig wings are my favorite accouterments to the draft beers, and the skate fish just falls apart in your mouth for an easy devouring. Perhaps the best on the menu is the corned beef and cabbage - I know that seems ridiculous that something simple like this deserves mention, but I am a huge fan. I have a thing for corned beef, shepherd's pie, and bangers and mash....and this corned beef is exactly what I want when I think of corned beef and cabbage. 
Service is good and the place handles large parties very well (u wont feel crowded, inconveniencecd or rushed).
Sides note - the potato chips and peanuts are scrumpdiddleyumptious.
Dont forget to pick some great music on the juke box when you first get in so you can jam to some good tunes while eating some damn good good food.
Oh ya I'm allergic (not lactose intolerant!)  to cow's milk and the waiter/kitchen didnt screw up and make me break out into hives....I had a crazy good goat cheese parfait (kinda like a light goat cheesecake) that reminded me that life is still sweet without cow's milk!  
I will be back to Phila soon, and I will definitely go to MA!I didn't know squat about the place nor anyone that has eaten here but I had a gift certificate that I won that was soon going to expire so I said why not try it out for lunch with some of my co-workers.
When we arrived we were 1 of 3 tables in the entire restaurant so it actually felt kind of weird/intimidating and empty. Our server was attentive, warm and very talkative (in a good way).
We wait...
We started off with some beers and he brought out biscuits with butter. I am a huge bread/carbo addict so I was psyched when they came out. I grabbed one out of the basket immediately. I shoved a piece in my mouth and blah they tasted of baking soda and flour and were very dry--of course I still thank god for butter! Oh well.
We wait...about 15 minutes
We ordered the pickle jar as a mini appetizer which was nice and had a variety of different veggies pickled with different spices. I don't think it was worth $8 though!
We wait again...for a whileeeee...
Finally our entrees come out. 2 of us got the midatlantic burger and my other friend got the seasonal market basket salad. When I tell you this was the smallest most disappointing "salad" I have ever seen that doesn't even cover it. I thought she was going to cry when she set eyes on it. It was a few leaves of grilled lettuce and a thin toast stick with goat cheese and pistachios. The burger was good, cooked to my specifications however I didn't taste any horseradish or cheddar and it was served with a small cup of salt and vinegar chips (wish they gave more!)
For the amount of time we spent waiting and the cost of the meal I don't know if I'd venture back again.Based on the reviews I've read of MA, they seemed to be evenly divided between good and bad - no middle ground. Our meal last night was exactly that with my side of the table having a more than decent meal and my dining partner having a poor one. With a year or two of operation, I find it hard to believe that Stern and his staff don't read the reviews and try to correct the obvious problems. The simplest of which is to fix the hamburger!
We went on a Saturday night when this part of Market Street is virtually empty. The restaurant provides free parking (after4pm) in the lot behind the building. The "vibe" is energetic with music at a not overly loud volume. There's an open kitchen (with 3 staff there the night we visited). The wait staff is their best asset. Our waitress was efficient and friendly and explained items we had questions about. (The "theme" here is to use UNUSUAL ingredients in the dishes.)
The beer list here (bottles and upscale cans abound!) is great and priced fairly (unlike some of the food). We chose the least pricey hard cider - a simple item - and ordered two bottles. The waitress returned to say that they only had one bottle left. (Bad inventory manager? No delivery this week?). So we shared that.one bottle.
We saw our table neighbors eating a bowl of the house-made potato chips - which they said were great - so we requested a bowl of those (they come with burgers too). They were tasty but very salty. They are salt and vinegar flavor. But, again, tasty.
For our entrees I ordered the Rotisserie Chicken (with sausage gravy) which comes with a soft chestnut and mushroom filled "strudel" (like a long egg roll) and sautéed brussel sprouts. ($18.)I asked what parts of chicken you get and was told, "They usually mix dark and white". My partner ordered the burger - "medium", without the roll, and salad instead of fries or chips ($10.). She added Swiss cheese ($2. extra) and bacon (another $2.00). 
The food arrived in a timely manner. My chicken consisted of a half of a small breast and a leg. Not huge portion but it was tasty. The strudel was unique and very tasty. I'm not a fan of brussel sprouts but these were pan fried and crispy and delicious. I was a happy camper.
The burger arrived across the table and - though a decent size - it was RARE in side. Based on reviews I read this is common problem here; most seem to come out rare no matter how you order it. But my partner did not complain. Then I noted that she finished the meat but left the cheese. Why? Because the cheese had coagulated so it was even hard to cut with a knife!. As the table was cleared I pointed this out to the manager (who asked how the food was) as well as our waitress. Both ignored my comment. I was surprised they did not remove the $2.00 cheese charge from the bill (poor business procedure) but did not pursue the issue. Again, if this place seems to have a problem making a simple burger - the thing most patrons seemed to be ordering - then they are not listening.
For dessert I ordered the Chocolate peanut butter tart with crumbled pretzels. It was - as most desserts (all $8.00) seemed to be - substantial enough to share. My partner declined dessert - opting for a cappuccino ($4.) - and so I finished half and took half home. Like the desserts at Stern's R2L, the desserts seem to be the most consistent part of the menu.
I know my dining partner was under whelmed and will not return to MA. I thought my food was tasty and well prepared - based on what I ordered. But probably won't run back with the inconsistency involved in preparation from a chef run restaurant that can't seem to fix consistent problems.
We had a gift certificate to use - which was a reason for trying the place - and, had we paid full price ($68 for one cider, one entrée, one burger, one dessert and one cappuccino) we would have really been disappointed.Went for lunch. Liked the space. Service was crap - took 10 minutes to get offered drinks/order, and total lunch for two took over an hour. 
Enjoyed the pickles and the soda shrub (a drink based on macerated fruit, tastes somewhat fermented).
Had the hot dog. Was ok. Should have gone for the fried skate.
Swiss chard fritters were tasty.
Tap room?? I only saw beers by the bottle, but I didn't ask, so I could be wrong. That said, the beer selection was very nice.
I don't think I understand what this restaurant is going for.I ate the crab scrapple for lunch and it was just ehhh - a very average dish. As for the desserts, the smith island cake was dry but the peach buckle was good.
Although the food was just okay here, I did like the open/modern space. The service was great.
Maybe I'll go back at some point to give it another shot.If I could give this venue zero stars, I would. 
The management at this restaurant is horrible to deal with and in my opinion, quite racist. 
I am a Penn student and a member of a minority group on campus. We were planning to host our annual party here and booked the venue a full month in advance to discuss agreement terms. After we had worked out all the kinks and smaller details, the manager, Larry Morris, signed our agreement form for the university and told us that everything was good to go. A week afterwards, he told our group that the terms of the party had to be changed on the week leading up to the party. This guy was unreasonable to deal with, by adding extra costs, changing terms on the agreement that he ALREADY signed, and then being unable to reach! He not only did all of this, but treated all the members of my group as if we were the ones who were unreasonable in asking for compensation for breaching the agreement and thought that he could walk all over us by increasing prices on top of what we already agreed on the week of the party. 
Our student group was forced to cancel the event due to his lack of responsiveness on dealing and negotiating with this and the ridiculousness of the increased fees that he tacked on last minute for no legitimate reason. The management at MidAtlantic not only breached a legal agreement form and is now refusing to offer the amount of compensation that we request for our student group for the fees incurred, not to mention the amount of promotion we put out for this venue. 
What a horrible venue to deal with. I will NEVER eat here or come here  for a party again. Especially by the way he has treated the members of the organization that I belong to, and other minority groups on campus, I would not recommend this place for anyone at all. This place has the most horrible reputation on campus and no one ever wants to go here from what I have already heard. 
Overall, I give this place an F-MidAtlantic would probably be a thriving centerpiece of the UCity scene had the last few years not been characterized by an influx of tasty, reasonably priced, upscale beer and burgers joints.  Unfortunately for MidAtlantic, there are half a dozen of these places in the neighborhood these days, and many of them pull off the food/service/ambiance a bit better.
For a starter, we had the soft pretzel with Welsh rarebit ($9).  It was served steaming hot and was delicious, although the side of rarebit could have been a little larger.  For our mains, the smokehouse hot dog was very good, but the portion was on the smaller side, and the bun-to-dog ratio was too high for my taste.  The MidAtlantic burger had the opposite problem; it was huge, heavy, and filling, but something was a little off with respect to the flavor profile.  Maybe it was the sausage patty that topped the burger, or maybe it was some combination of the other toppings, but we ended up leaving most of it on the plate.
The service was similarly touch-and-go.  Our server was obviously juggling a lot of tables the night we were there (despite the place not being all that full).  As a result, she was perfunctory and disappeared at inconvenient times.  Probably not her fault, but added some frustration to the evening.
All in all, MidAtlantic was a solid 2.5 star experience.  For my money, there are other places I'd rather go.MidAtlantic has a later happy hour than  most other places that went til 7pm on a Sunday night. It was pretty quiet. Drinks are good and pretty cheap. Good beer selection. Free pool, even though i did get my butt kicked. :) Very friendly and attentive service. The appetizers are well priced - we got the raw oysters which were pretty good for a $1 each and a nice hot pretzel that had some tasty mustards on the side. Overall a great relaxing experience!I did not go for dinner, but instead went for a party. Yes, Midatlantic hosts many parties for UPenn students. However, the people that worked there could not be bigger jerks. They hunted down people, they closed the party early, and besides for the bartender (apparently, according to a friend) they were just overall very impolite to anyone that showed up, whether they were of age or not. 
It was someone's 21st birthday, so someone stood on top of a counter to announce it. There were immediately people pushing at his legs to get him down, which was a clear danger to the person on the table (he could have easily fallen with what treatment they were giving him, pushing at his legs). If you tried to reason with them, they just snapped at you and ignored you afterwards. I tried to reason to another employee that service like that shouldn't be given in any situation, and she just completely dismissed me and made me feel like nothing I would say would ever matter. I am sure that they had legitimate reasons to be upset, but to be rude to anyone that showed up to the party and wasn't fully satisfied with their service is just uncalled for. I an not going to this place, ever again, whether for food or for dancing. The employees there were horrible to everyone.This place is high-concept without being full of itself.  The food is filling and fits its theme (historically-influenced regional cooking) while remaining good food first and foremost.  Salads were light and fresh with some fried tasty morsels to add heft.  The apple fritters weren't overbearingly sweet but instead a nice mix of apple and fried goodness.  Cocktails induced some skepticism from their descriptions but turned out excellent in the glass.
Edit: Have been back a few times now.  Lunch is not really their strength.  Dinner is just awesome.  The cod nightly special was delicious, and incorporated the theme in the most inconspicuous of ways (cabbage to color and flavor the sauce).  The beet and goat cheese salad is superb, even though beet season is coming to an end.  The apple cider is fresh and light and pretty unique.  Service is earnest but definitely a bit hovering.I really wanted to like MidAtlantic. A rarity near my office: an actual sit down restaurant , with a reasonably priced menu, and decent lunch fare featuring vegetables. We're lousy with burgers and street food, but if you want a light lunch, you're looking at a 20 minute walk. 
So I grabbed a friend, made up an occasion (Thursday! New Shoes!) and headed out for lunch. 
Our waiter was... pretty. In fact, all the waiters were pretty. Skinny Hipster boys with plaid shirts, long aprons and R. Patt'z hair.  Tattoo sleeves seem to be optional, but highly encouraged.  Very cute. 
But... not entirely competent.   He seemed awkward when approaching our table for any reason and screwed up both our drinks. I never did get my Arnold Palmer and my friend had a regular instead of a diet soda. Profuse apologizing from he of the Twi'Hard coif, and the drinks came off our bill.  He tried really hard, so I won't hate... though it did set the mood for an underwhelming experience. 
My beet salad was nice, but pretty much just beets. The goat cheese was a teensy sprinkle, and the greens were 3 leaves of spring mix . I did enjoy the little crouton sticks, and it was a beautiful, nicely dressed little crock of beets, but still just a bowl of beets.  How many beets can you  eat before you want another texture? 
My companion is a bit picky; so her chicken sandwich came out unadorned. She liked it; I thought it looked a little boring. I can' t be sure of if that's end-user error or not; so I'll give a pass. 
We split the warm soft pretzel, which was very good. I liked the roasted grain mustard; and could have gone for another plop. 
Solidly 3 stars, I'd definitely go back; perhaps with drinks next time; to make a better assessment.This was my third visit to MidAtlantic.  The first couple of times, I really liked most of the food, but found other misses.  The menu had been huge, the kitchen had struggled, the chef's reputation had taken a hit.  So giving the restaurant about a month after Bryan Sikora had been brought in to give Daniel Stern's restaurant a little TLC.  
So with a stripped down menu and an unfortunately stripped down bread basket (I still crave those chicken biscuits), is MidAtlantic finally that perfect locavore hot spot?
My friend and I decided to come for beer week.  Although possible to get a 3 course meal and 2 drinks here normally for around the same $35 price, the menu for beer week sounded particularly interesting so we took the plunge.  First, they brought out smoked bluefish on a fried potato cake.   Smoked fish? you had me at hello.  What I really liked on this twist on lox and latkes was that they crisped the bluefish before serving, so rather than just mush, you got some crunch too. 
Main course was a Reuben -- the corned beef, which had been a little bland last time, was just great.   I think it was kind of a weird pairing for a fixed menu, but hey, it worked.
Dessert to me was the best part.  Endive mousse with caremelized orange peel.  Yes, as good as it sounds.   The endive gave a nice bitterness to the otherwise sweet mousse, and the orange peel lended fragrance, color, and acid.  Really just perfect.
So why only 4 stars?  The service is MESSY.  4 people asked us for drink orders, nobody thought about coursing, water wasn't refilled quickly, and when we got there, we waited for a couple of minutes before anybody acknowledged that we had entered (lord knows where the host was).  It wasn't that crowded and they seemed properly staffed, so this was just poor execution.   I don't expect 5 star support but I do expect a little bit of purpose and care.  
So I'll be back for the food (I don't know why but I really really want to see this place succeed) -- at least they've fixed that...I am highly disappointed that Yelp would delete negative reviews of this restaurant when it could highly affect someone's opinion of this restaurant. The bottom line - poor management is reflected in a poor restaurant.Our company had a holiday party (approx 60 people) at MidAtlantic and unfortunately it was one of the most disappointing meals that i have ever had.  We went in with high expectations and a lot of excitement that there was a new restaurant in our West Philly location and were disappointed with almost everything.
First, the positive; I really liked the design and atmosphere of the restaurant.  It definitely has a unique look and felt like a great happy hour location.  The fire pit outside would also be nice during chilly fall or spring evenings.
Now, on to the negatives:
Food: As a large group we were given a fixed menu with two entree choices.  We started off with an appetizer for each table.  Unfortunately they provided a very small appetizer platter for each table (10 people) and charged us $15 per person for an appetizer which would have been good to share between two.  For the main course I selected the pork which, although it tasted good, was 90% fat so I could not really eat any of it.  For desert I ended up choosing the apple cobbler which was absolutely tasteless.  The apples tasted like they came out of a can and the topping tasted like cardboard.
Service:  Our waitress was extremely attentive and good but the kitchen was obviously not prepared for a big group of people (despite the fact that we made the reservation a month beforehand).  We had to wait 45 minutes between when we finished our appetizer and when our entree arrived.  Between the entree and the dessert was another 30 minutes resulting in almost a 2 1/2 hour meal including our wait for the appetizers.  There was no explanation for the wait and despite seeing the manager walking around he never once came over and asked how everything was going.  After the meal was finished three of us waited for the check to be brought to us and after sitting for half an hour (without drinks or anything) no-one had asked us what we were waiting for.  When we finally asked for the check they told us that it had already been run on the card we had provided before the meal was even finished.
I still believe that the restaurant has a lot of potential but unfortunately they completely disappointed us in this instance.  If there had been some explanation from the manager, even just to say that they were unprepared for the volume and they were sorry, I could have respected their honesty but unfortunately we were never even asked if our meal was good.  I will keep an eye on the reviews and if things seem to be getting better I'll come check it out again but as it stands right now I would prefer to grab lunch at one of the lunch carts on Market Street instead of go back here.The food here will at least help melt the ice this winter!! Went for lunch while in town for work with 3 other co-workers. We didn't have alot of time to lunch and this place was close. We all ordered different things and the only thing that wasn't majorly over salted was our drinks. I order the baked trout with chips and I felt like this thing has been swimming in salt water and not fresh water. And then the chip were even saltier. I couldn't eat more than a few of them. I eat the fish, but with the help of 4 glasses of water and one soda. The owner came over at one point and asked how everything was, so we told him and then never saw him again. Then our waiter asked and got the same story, then some random waitress who cleared our plates asked and we just laughed. For the outragous price, if we complain halfway through our meal and then 90% of my chips are sitting on my plate, I expect something to happen. We will not be going back here next week when we are in town again, And I will tell everyone in our Large Philly office  to stay away!!!I was never the fan of Gayle that many others were, and I am not currently a big fan of Midatlantic.  I have now had lunch and dinner there.  Each time the service was outstanding -- 5 star level.  The food, though, has been so-so.  Crab scrapple had almost no crab.  The simpler the burger or chicken sandwich, the better.  The more complex versions suffer from overkill.  The bread is terrific.  
The portions are too large for my taste.
Overall, maybe they need more time to hit their stride.Solid 3 for the food - although the roasted pork loin with pork belly was out of  the world. But then there's the atmosphere and the AMAZING service. Seriously, they were incredibly friendly and attentive without being overwhelming. So there's that too.Wow.  The roasted pork loin with pork belly was one of the best meals in recent memory.  Wow.
This is the third time my wife Sonya and I went there, although it was the first we ate anything more than a snack.  It was also a Monday night, like the review below, and was also very dead in there.  Which meant that Joe, the manager/bartender/server had more time to chat and recommend things.  Which is definitely a plus.  He's a nice guy, and really excited about his job and experimenting with tastes.  And he makes a nice martini.
Everything was super delicious:  oysters, beet salad, delicious pork, London broil, and oyster shooters for dessert.
I hate being in University City for even an extra moment after I leave work, but MA makes it worth it.I have to give an awesome shout out to MidAtlantic for celebrating July as National Hot Dog Month. For $6.00 they were offering a not-on-the-menu special of a house made hot dog on a house made bun with house made slaw and house made chips...oh yeah...they threw in a pint of Narragansett Lager too! 
The hot dog was absolutely amazing. I thought about it all day leading up to my visit and my day dreams came true when I took the first bite. Delish! I will say that my request for no mustard on my dog was not met but I carefully scraped it off leaving just a trace that had soaked into the bun and I quite enjoyed it. Coming from a die-hard mustard hater, you know that mustard must have been tasty! The chips were good but WAY too salty and I couldn't finish them no matter how much beer I tried to wash them down with. But the chips were really not the star anyway so I didn't mind leaving some on the plate. 
My friend and I went to MA during happy hour and two beers each plus the special (which as mentioned included a beer) for each of us led to a bill just under $20.00! Seriously - what a deal. 
There were other things on the menu that definitely struck my interest so I will be back. They lured me in with the hot dog special and it worked. Even though it is a bit off the path that I usually travel in center city, it was worth the token and ride on the El to head out to University City, my old stomping grounds, to check it out. The place has a great atmosphere and is big enough if you are going with a group. Our bartender was attentive and so was the manager who came to check on us to see if we were enjoying the house made specialties. 
Don't hesitate to check out MidAtlantic - yes, July will soon be over but you can still get the hot dog - only at $11 and without the pint. You'll have to take care of that on your own!Went for lunch. We had the oysters (fried, w/ vegetable fries added), crab cake (fried) for appetizers, and I had the trout sandwich (pan-seared w/ a buttery sauce on hoagie bread and topped with homemade potato crisps, also fried). One of our guests had the Friday special - seafood stew - which looked more like seafood rotini pasta. Glad I didn't order that in the end, at $18.
Service was OK, their fries were great (sectioned potatoes deep fried to a greasy crisp), and the trout in my sandwich was cooked perfectly. Every dish was quite greasy, though, and the menu concept seemed to have escaped me. We ordered dessert (good variety/selection), but the waiter was unable to bring it out to us before we had to leave.
Overall, OK. Probably better for drinks and a bite after work.I give this place a few more months unless they get a rent subsidy from the Science Center.  The place is across the street from work so I gave it a try, even though co workers warned me against it.   I always wondered why a place so close to all the science center buildings would be so empty.  I figured out why.
I got a Martini and it was terrible.  You know that flavor that ice has when it's left in the freezer to long?  Yeah, that's what my drink tasted like.  IT was a rough week, so I finished it and asked for another just in case it was a bad batch.  Second one was just as bad.  At that point though, alcohol was alcohol and I needed a drink.
the food was just as bad.  I got the burger.  The burger came on a bun that was a bit dry and fell apart when I picked it up.  I ate the rest of the burger with a knife and fork.  the burger came with a dressing that had the same, left in refrigerator uncovered too long flavor.  
This place just couldn't do it right.  I was disappointed, especially because it's so close to work.  Maybe this place will get better but with so many other bars in University City, this place needs to really shape up fast.I got treated to a meal here for a work-related dinner. For whatever reason, it was really hard to hear people seated a few seats down the table. The atmosphere was nothing special.
For dinner, I ate the "Special" chicken sandwich, which supposedly featured coleslaw, swiss cheese, and hot peppers. What sounded like a heavenly sandwich on the menu was one of the blandest things I've eaten in a long time. I'm starting to wonder if the cheese and peppers were even in there, because I sure couldn't taste them. I felt like they shaved a few pieces off a rotisserie chicken, stuck it in an egg bun, and put some cole slaw on top.
For dessert, I sampled the Triple Chocolate Smith Island Cake, the Preserved Peach Buckle, and the Apple Long John. The "Triple Chocolate" cake was actually a piece of tiramisu-like cake with a few thin layers of chocolate ganache. It was surprisingly... unchocolatey. The Apple Long John was a giant donut-like thing. The Peach Buckle was pretty good though - peach cobbler, essentially.
While I'm not usually one to look a gift horse in the mouth, this was a surprisingly disappointing meal.I don't give this place long. The portions are too small, the menu is overpriced for the neighborhood, and the service is really poor.  It's a shame, because the space is nice and the concept is great. The food I had was perfectly cooked, but I was still hungry after an entree.Delicious.  I am not sure why the dining room was so empty.  I thought the server was thoughtful and the food was really special.  Stern takes bar food to another level.
I had a marvelous updated version of fish and chips- skate coated in potato pieces with the most crunchy delicious fried new potatoes.  Really special.
My friend had the caesar salad and the butternut squash soup- it had just turned a bit cool in the city- was a perfect precursor to the fall that is to come.
The outdoor patio was amazing.  Mod gas fireplace kept it toasty.  Really would love to nurse a good wine with good friends out there.
It's not a bargain, but the quality and attention to detail made it worth every penny.  
The only thing:  it's WAY out there from center city.  Most of the time I am too lazy to go that far.Came here with a bunch of friends for girls' night during University Dining days. The food was ok and I don't hate it. I really don't understand their scrapple concept. It seems even a crab cake was called a scrapple. I feel like Daniel Stern was aiming for Philadelphia's comfort food and went nuts. Is definitely not a place I would visit again but glad I tried it.MidAtlantic closed on 2/24/12. Too bad, I thought it was a great place.How can you not love a place that uses Tastee Kake butterscotch krimpets in the making of their Philly-Style Butterscotch Bread Pudding?! I have not had the pleasure nor 400+ point jump in my glucose level, yet... 
I joined some coworkers from my old office for lunch on a Friday afternoon. Instead of the usual - POD or Mad 4 Mex - we headed to MidAtlantic! The interior design reminded me of the progeny of a union between an industrial loft and recycling maven - lots of reused and repurposed materials. Very cool! The menu is a mix of local with a hint of earthy. The food is delicious, but just keep in mind that it's not FAST FOOD - so it does take a little time. There are daily specials (Mon - Fri) with offerings like Chicken and Dumplings, Colcannon, and Seafood Stew. And for an appetizer, why not try a Bucket of Pickles?! All in all a definite and refreshing change to the same-old-same-old UCity lunch spots!Our office is not too far from here and a colleague and I wonder whether MidAtlantic will make it through the summer.  Given its remote location, the sidewalk being torn up out front, and the pricey-for-the-location food, I would be praying to gods of all religions if I was an investor in this restaurant.  Nice staff and decent food, but I'll be surprised if Penn students return this fall to find this place still around.I'm updating my rating to 3 stars based on a quick lunch I had here recently.  I wasn't very hungry, and the person  I was with wanted a good burger, and was paying, so I suggested MidAtlantic since we were nearby.  I ordered the MA Seafood Chowder and was pleasantly surprised with it.  I'm a huge New England Clam Chowder fan, and I have yet to find a version in Philadelphia that comes close to matching the hearty renditions I had savored throughout my years growing up near Boston.  Chef Stern's is as close as I've come to true New England clam chowder.  He doesn't pass it off as such, which I respect, but all the same he dishes out a very tasty soup.  My companion enjoyed her burger, save for the bun which she didn't like because it was greasy.  I have to say that I generally prefer a non-buttered roll with my burger, but there are always exceptions.  So keep it up, MidAtlantic!  You seem to be getting better.Have stopped in for a pale ale and a burger on more than one occasion and found them both to be extraordinary. They have a great craft beer selection and although i cant speak for the other menu items, i will say that if the burger is any indication, you cant go wrong. Friendly and knowledgeable bartender as wellI came here back over the summer for University City Dining Days, and I was very pleasantly surprised. I was pleased with the beer selection (and the happy hour!) We had this amazing beet salad in a jar which was fantastic. The location is a little funny, as I don't think I had ever walked by the place before. I will definitely be back. Plus two stars for the chocolate peanut butter pie. I need to go back for that come to think of it.The service was really poor. The guy who served us was unattentive and bored. He avoided us most of the time to hang out at the counter. He forgot a part of our meal but did rush to get it once we reminded him.
The sweet pork dish was too much like candied pork. Too syrupy sweet on the outside. The hotdog was too smoked and the bun, although grilled, felt like it was sitting under a heat lamp - dry and crumbly.MidAtlantic would be great if it weren't always so empty. I've been eaten dinner at MidAtlantic twice, at 8pm on a Wednesday and a Thursday. Both times my party has been one of very few seated in the restaurant. Now this isn't a bad thing per se... Except that the décor in MidAtlantic tends toward the raw and industrial. To be clear, I think they do an excellent job with the industrial motif (and, in particular, I love the light fixtures). The problem is that raw and industrial doesn't work well with empty. When a place is bustling, it's great. When a place is empty, it just feels void.
That said, everything else about MidAtlantic is great. They host a sold lineup of local beers, and the food is both interesting and delicious. I've enjoyed their grilled trout, which comes on a bed of homemade potato chips with an absolutely excellent sour-cream-and-onion-type sauce, and their hot dog special tremendously. Oh, and the Butterscotch Krimpet bread pudding is sure to please those with a serious sweet tooth. No complaints about the service, either.
BOTTOM LINE: MidAtlantic boasts some superb food and drink, but tends to be eerily empty on weekday evenings... Perhaps it is best enjoyed during Happy Hour or on the weekends.this restaurant feels like a chain...or that it is the first incarnation of a concept that is meant to be one...the food wasn't really bad, pre se...it just lacked any sort of care or love or soul...the waitress was fine, but seemed wooden, corporate, detached...overall i was disappointed with the experienceThe best thing I can say about this place is that we had a nice time despite the underwhelming food and drinks.
The second best thing I can say is that the waitstaff seemed genuinely dedicated to good service. Unfortunately, the management does not seem to take advantage of the waitstaff's talent. Our waiter was one of the most congenial and and responsive servers I've ever had. Because he seemed so competent and nice I asked him what raw oysters were available. He barely knew but was able to re-call a list of about 4 oysters. I asked him where they were from and I was obviously interested to know more about each, but he really didn't have a response. I think it's unacceptable for a place offering a variety of raw oysters to not offer information that enables customers to decide what they want. (This place needs to see how the pros at Sansom St. Oyster House do it!!! FIVE STARS to Oyster House!)
I was SO excited to try their Welsh Rarebit. I've only seen the dish on a few menus before and it's one of the best things my mom makes so I had to order it. And (!) it's served with a soft pretzel! It wasn't just disappointing, it was downright NASTY. Instead of being a delicious cheesey beer-soaked fondue, it was broiler heated flavorless cheese spread with a peanut-butter like consistency in a small casserole dish with crusty parmeson on top. Barely ate any. The pretzel was great though.
The mixed drinks were a little pricey (all are $10) and a little sweet for my liking, but they have a good beer and wine list.
Ben ordered some steamed crabs which were definitely not fresh but weren't bad. His seafood stew wasn't really a stew-- it was noodles with gravy and seafood on top. I think it's misleading to label something a stew if it hasn't been stewed.
The decor is pleasant and the acoustics are nice for intimate conversations and groups alike. 
Bottom line: I give this place less than a year. We went on a clear snow-free Friday night from 7:30-10. This place is affordable, different than other restaurant in the area, and located in the middle of Drexel's campus and yet it only got to about 25% full.First time was soon after opening night and the food was strange but beautiful space and the fact it was the first upscale restaurant in my neighborhood made me give it another try. Second time a week later and the food was worse and service horrible. I wrote it off but a year and a half later with new menu and chef figured worth another try. Wrong! Under cooked chicken, salty meatloaf and poor service, I will never go back. To top it off chef in the open kitchen was seen running his hands through his hair, chewing his fingernails then touching raw beef and back to his hair and ball cap all with no attempt at all to wash his hands, YUCK!My friends and I went to this restaurant last week.
Their service is the worst I've ever seen in Philly.
We waited for about 30 mins to get the first basket of bread and the appetizer, which is ridiculous. And the waitress nearly came to see us except serving the meals. 
The same happened again. The main course was not served after another 20 minutes of waiting. And the food was not impressive at all! 
At last, the bill came out as the pre-fixed 3-courses dinner cost each of us $45, with the 20% service fee included, cause our party is over 20 people.
WOW, I don't know the waitress can charge us 20% tips with the extremely poor service!!!!!  Anyway, this restaurant is definitely the worst of the worst in my dining experience.  If you wanna visit this restaurant, better think twice.Went for anniversary to the MART near Drexel with an alum. Yum! Beer list was extensive and arrived cold 28F too! Beet and goat cheese salad great and mussels with sausage were fine too! Veal rib and lamb roast were made to perfection. Definately a return trip for us- and OpenTable points a plus!Not delicious. We ordered three things for takeout: the crab bisque soup, pulled chicken scrapple and the classic pig wings. 
The flavors were horrible, it smelled like a bag of fried chinese food and wet stale bread and the texture the worse part. The crab bisque soup had almost no visible crab meat and the stock was rancid, easily the worst soup I've ever had. The chicken scrapple had the best flavor but it was grainy and dry, and the waffle was cold and tasted old. The pig wings were so thickly battered and fried that you literally couldn't pick them up with a fork, and the flavor was so odd it made me gag.  
Everything was so inedible that I ended up eating a bagel instead. My husband and I love to go out and try new places, we will eat almost everything and have never sent back food. I cannot imagine if we went to dinner there, I would have been horrified.
Sounds like it has a great atmosphere and bar, too bad the food is such a huge let down.So I don't know if my complete underwhelm-ment (it's a word, i made it up) of MidAtlantic is fair or not...  I think I just don't get it... Seriously, the premise is weird.  Basically, they are a restaurant that jazzes up Central PA cuisine so that they can make it expensive.  Oh, then they add anything else that they want from the Northeast US.  That doesn't make for much of a theme.  Amish don't eat oysters.  These things don't go together.  
Anyway, after trying to wrap my head around the theme for a while, I took a look at my menu and got all set to order.  We were with a big group that took up most of the restaurant, but despite the size of our group, I have to say that the service was pretty reasonable, especially for a new-ish restaurant.  Our waiter was really trying to get us to take shots, which I also thought was odd.  My happiness is important, but I'm not sure it should be bought by shots of alcohol...  
We each chose an appetizer, meal and dessert.  I tried the salad, the pork, and the peach something or other that wasn't really a word.  It was peach cobbler.  Anyway, the salad was ok.  Its weird to have pickled veggies in your salad.  Growing up in Lancaster county, I tried my hardest to avoid pickled things.  Paying money to have them swimming in my salad seemed odd.  I have to say, the flavors did kind of work, but still, they were pickled.  The pork was also decent.  It was a little underdone and not terribly tasty.  It was tender, and I guess if you can appreciate meat for just being meat, it was pretty good, but I like a little added flavor.  The home-made sourcraut was a little potent, but went well with the pork.  The apple fritter thing on the side was delicious; I wanted more than one.  The peach thing for dessert was good, but it was still just basically peach cobbler.  Nothing to write home about.  It was absolutely huge, so points for that I guess.  So yeah, I'm still just a little confused by this place.  Maybe if I hadn't grown up in good ole Lancaster County, I'd be excited about the down-home cuisine...  but i'm not, sorry :(DO NOT EVER HOLD PARTIES HERE
All I have to say was that the service is completely horrible here, at least for parties. I'm over 21, but they would not accept my i.d. - a bouncer guy was stalking my friends and I the entire 10 minute I was there. When I tried a sip of his drink, the manager and bouncer rudely and physically evicted us from the venue. I heard later that this kind of thing happened throughout the night, and they even called the police on the entire party later. One of my friend (a girl) was roughly grabbed by the bouncer and kicked out - she was left with a bruise. Overall, the service was the most unprofessional and rude that I have ever encountered at any party in Philadelphia.MidAtlantic is a great place to grab a drink after work. The bottled beer list provides a good smattering of Philadelphia brews that are hard to find elsewhere in University City.
The rarebit "Hot Fondue!" is incredibly rich, served with some of the best soft pretzels I've ever had. The strip steak was juicy and the bleu cheese fritters that came with it complimented the steak perfectly.
The staff is friendly and service is quick.
My only complaint is that the last time I was there, they were wasting tap room serving Lionshead. If I wanted a Lionshead from the tap I'd go to Mikey's.I was actually surprised by Midatlantic. With the industrial exterior/location, I wasn't expecting much character, but the food was pretty effing good. And I liked that everything was local. 
The chicken bisquits (made with renderings) were yuuummy. We ordered some rarebit fondue, which I had to largely avoid due to lactose intolerance but a taste was glorious. I ordered a couple Island Creek oysters and the farmhouse salad, both of which were tres satisfying without making me feel like I wanted to roll home. A bite of the boyfriend's roast pork and broccoli sandwich made me want to start adding broccoli to my sammies on a regular basis, and the fries were crunchy and awesome. Big ups to the food.
Our server was the bomb, knew every inch of the menu (which was sparse in its descriptions, so we had a lot of questions) and was attentive without being annoying. My only caveat was uninviting bathrooms. Because really I judge all restaurants by the bread and the bathrooms.Mid Atlantic is a pretty nifty little spot. It's about 4 blocks from my office and has a sweet happy hour which is a total plus. I'm a fan of the decor, the service is really friendly and the snacks are pretty damn tasty. To be fair, I've only had a few things off the menu, but for the most part, they were good. The maple glazed pork belly is pretty damn awesome (and not just because bacon is my favorite flavor). The gravlax was a snackalicious little portion (but sized appropriately for the price). I tried some of my friend's noodles and veggies and it was good, with a fried egg on top, but it was lacking something flavorwise. Like it needed pepper or lemon or something acidic to bring the flavor up a bit. 
All said, it's tasty, has a good happy hour and is close to my job and has a friendly staff. I'm down with that.I have tried really hard to like this place since it opened.  I was a huge fan of Mr. Stern's from his time at Gayle and Rae and looked forward to another of his restaurants within walking distance from my office.  The kitchen seems to have ironed out issues with over-salting the entrees, but consistency is still a problem.  I went in for a burger at lunch and my medium was a little over-cooked but not a problem.  Today I went in with a friend of mine and his medium was way too under-done; almost raw in the center.  He told the server and she took the burger back to be cooked more, but after this long the kitchen should be able to execute a medium burger without a problem.  
It seems like the staff isn't clear on what kind of restaurant it is.  Fine dining?  Gastropub?  Somewhere in between?  Everyone seems nervous, afraid to do the wrong thing.  Water glasses and iced tea aren't refilled.  Dessert menus are dropped automatically at lunch.  They need to realize that most of their clientele is coming from the nearby universities and probably aren't interested in an hour and a half or two hour lunch.  
If MidAtlantic ever gets their service and kitchen consistency issues worked out, they have a chance of sticking around.  If not, it's going to be hard to keep a hit-or-miss restaurant open at that location, if not impossible.We were lucky enough to enjoy the communal lamb menu - and it was AMAZING. They utilized every part of of the lamb, and then also gave us grilled veggies, potatoes, the best cream leeks I've ever had, beets, lamb. no part of it was less than stellar and it was a great culinary experience. I would recommend everyone try it at least once!!!Earning a star today for 2 insane words: Veggie Scrapple 
Yeah... take that in. 
Scrapple, the most enigmatic of mystery meats. In Veggie form? 
Last I checked, carrots don't have squeals. 
I had to try it, I couldn't ignore the call. 
No mere burger, this bad boy was a solid slice of a delicious grain and veggie goodness. Silky on the inside, heavy on the mushroom flavor,  the outside, fried to a crispy crunchy carapace. The texture was... well, Scrapple-y. 
I ignored the bun, and smeared some of it pate style on my sliced tomato. More of that awesome mustard. (what is in it? I must know.  This ain't your momma's Dijon.) So good. 
And not one, but two Arnold Palmers delivered by our very attentive (and flannel wearing) waiter. 
Now if they'd only perfect serving it with a slice of cheese on an English Muffin.This is a tough one. I LOVED Gayle, and was very sorry to see it go. Sad to say, for Gayle lovers I don't think MidAtlantic fills the bill. The menu concept seems too fuzzy - hard to understand what they are really going for in the food. I get the "regional" thing with local Pennsylvania ingredients and something of a PennDutch influence, but it did not seem to translate into really arresting food. That said, our meal was perfectly fine. We shared the "mixed grill" which is a large platter of meats, steak, trout, lobster, chicken, oysters, etc. Very tasty - beautifully done, but very lightly seasoned. A condiment tray of various different mustards and sauces was served for those that wanted extra flavor (me!). We also had sides of broccoli and beets that were both delicious. All in all, a very fine meal, but just not 4 or 5 star worthy, I think; perhaps if I could give 3 1/2 I would. It IS very affordable, and the decor is nice, in a clean industrial sort of way. Service was EXCELLENT. They also have a nice list of some really interesting signature cocktails.Went with a group of friends on a Friday night, and we had a great experience here.  Little did we know, the restaurant had been booked for a private party, but when we showed up the seating hostess graciously let us sit at the (food) bar where we watched the chefs at work.  The waitstaff was VERY friendly and extremely helpful, which we appreciated since it was our first time there.  I had the beets and goat cheese salad, seafood stew, and apple long john.  All of my dishes were spectacular-- the salad was fresh, and the stew was layered with flavor and very tasty.  The cocktails and beer were also fantastic.  Overall, I had a really good time and very much enjoyed watching the kitchen at work, and would definitely recommend it to others.