I really felt like I stepped back into a cafe in Paris. I met a friend for breakfast just as they opened and enjoyed a delicious and authentic pain au chocolat and an espresso.  Counter service was easy and quick.  We were left to our own devices to gab and catch up.  It was wonderful.  I will be back.  Now that I know the pain au chocolat is great, I can't wait to go back and see how the macarons measure up!Te times I have been here I've spent at least 10$ on macarons. They are priced 1.75 each so you don't get too many for 10$. The earl gray chocolate macarons taste like a biscotti/ tea biscuit. Strawberry is my favorite and lemon poppyseed is up there too. They are all wonderful and chilled so you know they are fresh. The next time I go back I will try new flavors to see what else they have to offer. The coffee is also very good. Service is okay they all have a French accent so it's fun to be in a new atmosphere. Hope this helps youI used to be anti-macaron. No more.
After pretty much every macaron experience in my life turning out horridly, some friends recommended this place to me. Unfortunately, every time I visited they seemed to be out. Your best bet is to visit early on a weekday, when I finally caught them they had guava & coffee. Instantly fell in love, will definitely be back for more.Different qualities on different days. On a very good day like the past experience I just had the macarons wrre fresh and my favorite flavor from here every time would be chocolate! Chocolate never failed on me but their coffee can sometimes taste really good but sometimes when its not fresh the shell does get cracky and the inside is def not soft. During different seasons they have special flavors such as egg nog or pepperiment and recently a new flavor they seem to have is the Jasmine Green Tea and as a green tea fan that was not a disappointment. Even though I have bad experiences at Miels I still come back over and over again because not every pastry is a dissappointment. 
Miel also served a mini fruit tart and mini dark chocolate tart even though they are $1.95  a piece and kind of pricey a little tart they are tempting and does get me to get one during my visits every time. 
Mocha would def not be a recommendation to get as a drink because it is not sweet and simply taste like plain coffee.Miel is one of the go-to bakeries for tiramisu cakes and fruit tarts for my office. Not only are they quite lovely, but delicious as well. The macarons are alright, and it's nice that Miel has a large selection of flavors. 
My husband and I came to get pastries and coffee for breakfast one Saturday morning, but I guess we were too late at 10:30am since their pastry case was pretty empty. 
Plenty of seating inside and serves La Colombe.The service is terrible. Consistently. I go in there because I love the peach nectar iced tea and the macaroons, but, seriously, the service is awful. They are either consistently understaffed, clueless, or rude. There have been times when I've been in there and the service has been so bad that I've had to prevent myself from telling the employees what they should be doing. And there is no sense of urgency and zero organization. I would come here so much more if I knew that when I did, I wouldn't want to tear my hair out.This was my first (but definitely not the last) visit to this place.  It is a real delight to walk in and see the loads of pastries and sweets on display.  It really redefines dessert to see the expansive offerings available.  This is a good spot to come and really enjoy a slice of heaven.  It has indoor seating and is not the loudest spot which makes it easy to relax into yourself while you taste some fine baking.I discovered a lovely french pastry shop in the Rittenhouse area. What a shame that I didn't find it sooner. Walking through the doors my eyes quickly turned to the pastry counter, rows of french desserts including my favorite macarons. Having skipped lunch I decided to treat myself to dessert not one but two. I opted for a latte with a lemon tart and rose water macarons.
The latte was perfect washing down the bites of the lemon tart.
The rose macaron tasted like many Persian desserts which use rose water. It was also a perfect macaron: chewy inside with a slight crispy exterior. As I sat there indulging myself, many came in to buy their daily bread and dessert. Seems like I am the only one in town that didn't know about this place.Bought 4 macaroons: salted caramel and pistachio for me,  rose and some combination of chocolate and passion fruit for a friend. Also had a cup of the house tea - Jasmine, green tea, and something else. $7.25 for the whole shebang.
There were two guys working the store - One manning the register and delivering drinks to the tables, the other explaining their offerings to customers. He gave me the full run through of their macarons and seemed quite knowledgeable about the pastries in general. The register dude was a little less extroverted, but polite.
Overall, I had a pleasant experience.We just moved in around the corner from Miel, and when my boyfriend's mom--who was helping us move in and is a sucker for all things that are touted as special--caught a glimpse of Miel, she was sold.  Every time she walked by, she had to stop by and buy something.  Or ten somethings.  And then leave it for us.  I, protesting her ridiculousness, refused to touch the pastries.  We're only two of us.  We don't even have any groceries yet.  I'm trying to lose weight (as always).  And you're bringing us a bag full of pastries?!  So I ate a yogurt instead and glared disdainfully at the pretty packages, while she recounted the stories the owners had told her about them.
But after my boyfriend's mom left, I couldn't help myself.  I took a bite out of the multicolored cake, thinking it must look way prettier than it tastes.  But it was amazing.  My left hand had to force the fork out of my right so I would stop digging in.  The next day I tried a couple bites from the muffins.  They were tasty, but it's hard to do anything really special with muffins.  That night I tried two of her most recent purchases, one of which was supposed to be some recipe saved from someone's grandmother who died in the Holocaust.  And it's a good thing it was saved, because that cake, and the one that accompanied it, were some of the most delicious confections I've had.  Even the tiny berries that came on top of some of the pastries were delicious (unlike the ones I bought at the farmer's market last weekend).
I haven't actually stepped into the store or paid for any of their goods, and I don't know what any of the cakes I tried are called.  I didn't have the macarons, but I don't like macarons anyway.  I just suggest you go and indulge.  That way I won't be the only fatty on the block.If your in Downtown Philly, this place is a must for your morning coffee or a mid-day pick me up. They have mini pastries that are simply scrumptious. The staff is friendly and fast. Take a moment to enjoy the outdoor seating or jump on the free wifi to get some work done. This is a gem!This is my first Yelp review ever. I rarely feel strongly about service or food at an eatery to warrant a Yelp review. 
Two days ago I ordered a cake for my daughter's birthday and have ordered cakes from Miel in the past. The online price was not the same price they charged me. 
When I asked about the on-line price, the male employee said, "We didn't update our new prices on-line." 
I asked, "Shouldn't you honor the online price?" 
His attitude was "If you're not happy with the new price, then go away." 
I thought customers come first. I felt shafted. 
I ordered the cake to be picked up at 11:30 AM today and had already paid in full. When I picked up the cake (two days after ordering), it wasn't available. In fact, it wasn't even made because "The order wasn't put in this morning," the employee informed me. But there were two other cakes in the display case, so a worker pulled one out. I saw that the bottom edge of that cake was smeared and asked for the other cake in the display case. 
When I spoke with the manager about the worker being rude when I first ordered the cake, she didn't apologize, but only said that the prices on Miel's website had not been updated for years; they only go by the prices in the store so couldn't honor the on-line price. 
When I said, "You're willing to let a dissatisfied customer walk away?" she said she couldn't do anything about it and to enjoy the cake. 
I paid for a pricey cake and expected customer satisfaction, but didn't receive it. I won't be returning due to rudeness and will spend my money elsewhere.Any chance I'm in town I'll stop here for some tasty treats and with the new year I thought why not stop by at pick up a few... or 12 treats. Got there as they opened and the experience wasn't good at all. I get it, it's New Years Day and the last thing an employee wants to do is fight a hangover or complain about not enough sleep but to the one worker who helped us out, they definitely looked like they didn't want to be there. After the worker had taken our order they continued to give me the box of treats that I had ordered and completely forgot the bag my friend had ordered and stood there dumbfounded as to why we were trying to get the attention of another worker who reluctantly showed us which ones we got but then was more concerned about "texting" her manager instead of helping a customer. 
Yes the treats and baked goods are amazing but the customer service straight up was terrible. Worry more about customer service and less about texting your manager.Macarons are really good and they have a lot of flavors.  Very inconsistent though. Different flavors have different sized shells, different feet, and some are sometimes hollow.  Price is pretty steep at 1.50 a macaron now.
The chocolate hazelnut cake is delicous
tiramisu is ok
I really like that they have a lot of flavors but I still prefer sugar philly, which always hits the spot.This pastry shop is worth it's weight in gold! The service was amazing and the pastries were "to die for" literally! Especially the Earl Grey macaroons and blueberry. Try the roast beef as well...it's scrumptious!The price of the macaron increased from the last time I been here. From originally 1.50 when I first started coming to 1.75 and now 1.95. The quality of the macaron still varies depending on the flavor. This time I got a fruit tart as well but the employee who serve me didn't even know the exact price. It is a pretty nice environment to just sit here and enjoy some sweet but with the variety of dessert they have they do get limited and the ones I'm craving for such as a vanilla macaron and a mini dark chocolate tart is not available. Just wish they have all flavors at all timeBlame it on the mac-mac mac mac- mac macarons. 
Lots of flavors to pick from! We had Pistachio, Rose, Cafe au Lait, and Raspberry. The Pistachio flavor was too mild, the Rose flavor was too strong. The Cafe au Lait was too mild, and the Raspberry was just okay. 
It was a beautiful cafe with lots of seating, but overall I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be. I had read these reviews of the incredible baked goods and how it was a must see. I don't know, maybe it was just an off day. The staff were snooty and not helpful (rushing us instead of accommodating to make our decision easier), and looking through the options in the cases, we felt like we were in the way.
Maybe next time.Oh, Miel. Why must your pastries - your tiny little pastries - cost so much money that I feel ashamed for buying them?  It's not as though I can simply say to myself, "$6?! Your pastries aren't even that GOOD!"...because they are. Not only do you make some of the most attractive treats in town (and what's wrong with that?), your french macaroons send me into a state of sugar-induced bliss.  Perfectly chewy, deliciously creamy and brightly colored to boot! You truly are a complete package, Miel. Smart, attractive and good in bed. It's just too bad we're from different worlds, you and I.  Me with my humble beginnings and you born into aristocracy. I'll just have to settle for your "day old" selection...Their macarons , hazelnut and almond merigue cake , hand crafted chocolates , and fudge brownie is banging . I would come back to this place . It's a little pricey but its worth it . Sucks when you have to find parking . I rated a 4 stars because they should have label their bakes good .Easily the worst customer service (edit: in center city Philadelphia).  You are better off saving the time you wait by walking somewhere else.
The first time I tried Miel, there was no one at the counter.  Despite calling out twice, after a few minutes I went elsewhere.
The second time, my fiancee said we should try it again.  A very similar experience, this time we stood there at the register but the employees more or less ignored us.  I really don't know how to explain it, they seemed allergic to the customers.  
This last time, I only wanted macarons.  With Audabon closing, I didn't have a lot of options nearby.  I first stood by the macarons, as they have a register there.  After 3 or 4 minutes, with customers getting served in the other line (by coffee) I decide to go wait there.  Half the time, the employees were both in the back.  After waiting for a while, I ask for macarons and we head over there.  I started stating which ones I would like, having had a long time to look at the menu.  But now there are other people waiting there, and despite waiting by the macarons first, then waiting in the other line, I was rudely told "there are other people here before me".  I'm not sure if this is an extreme lack of customer awareness on behalf of the employees or a fault of a poorly designed location (two counters, with two employees, that go here or there whenever they please).  Thankfully the additional waiting time gave me the time to look up alternatives.  
For macarons, I recommend the nearby Metropolitan Bakery or the Sweet Endings at 13th and Walnut (which apparently carry Audabon macarons).  For coffee, there is Joe or Elixer nearby.  There is absolutely no reason to waste your time here.
To be frank, I cannot comment on the food or drink as I have never actually been able to eat or drink here.  I am now confident I never will, and I would advise anyone who even moderately values their time to find an alternative.The best pastries I've had in the city. Sitting in Miel makes me want to go on a European vacation. It's expensive, but everything is rich, decadent, and delicious. Especially the macarons. Seriously: get the coconut/chocolate-flavored one. You won't regret it.Omg the macaroons are too die for i had the cherry almond pistachio and a couple others all amazing the fruit tarts are fresh and ripe which is very important i always purchased a bunch of dark chocolate cakes (i hate dark chocolate) for my boyfriend for his birthday he loved every single one he said it was the best he had in a long time and the house blend tea perfect for a hot sunny shopping day in center city i will def be BACK!!!First ever visit and we were treated courteously by all counter staff. The French Macarons tasted amazing and were not overly sweet and sickly. Excellent filling and not outrageously priced at $1.95 each. Will definitely be going there again.Having just traveled to Paris, this place is the closest you can get to the finest pastries in France - including Ladurée! The macarons are on point.I love this place! I feel like I'm in Paris.  The pastries are amazing!  The servers do their best with limited space and no "official" kitchen. I love their macaronns especially the pistachio.  They've just started to offer sorbet; I had the chocolate and pistachio. Again, the pistachio was out of this world. Their prices are quite fair for the quality of ingredients.
The cafe food is good as our their beverages but the real stars are the sorbet and pastries. I always meet charming people in there.LOVE the desserts, the coffee, and the lunch special with the soup/sandwich for $8.  The service is fast and friendly, I always leave satisfied.Came in here with an out-of-town friend after a couple years of hearing about it. The inside is very cute, exactly what I'd imagine a French cafe/bistro to look like. 
Inside they sell cakes and pastries, coffee, as well as hot sandwiches. It smells pretty good here and it's a nice sit-down place.
The cashier was super nice. Friendly but not too casual which was very fitting for the place.
I tried the Mocha Tower (3 layers of mousse?) and my friend had the fruit tart. Both were very enjoyable but not as mindblowing as the presentation is. I thought the mocha tower felt like too much dairy, which sounds strange as it is (after all) three layers of mousse. I was looking for something in the dessert to cut into the richness of the mousse.
It's a little expensive but I can see myself coming back to taste the other things in the case. They're too pretty to pass up, and I don't see many bakeries in Philly offering the same tasty-looking treats.I came here for a nice quiet afternoon to enjoy some books with a nice latte art and a taste as france from some macarons, definitely got what i wanted!! 
The macarons come in different flavors and are unique in there own way! Probably the best you could find in Philadelphia 
The waiters are really really nice and helpful. I'll definitely come back for more quality afternoons like this :)I've come here a few times, and I've gotta say it's one of the cutest cafes in the city. It has very European cafe chairs inside and outside when the weather is nice. The name of the cafe is the word "honey" in French, and they have a honeycomb gate with a bee on it at the front of the store. The place also has a huge selection of dessert options, so I'm sold! 
I came here for lunch for the first time today, and it was delicious and relatively inexpensive. I ordered the half sandwich and soup combo which was around $7 and added a mini-pastry for $1. The vegetarian sandwich was one of the best I've had--grilled portobella, peppers, mozzarella, and pesto--yum! I ordered the curried cauliflower soup with chickpeas to go with it, and it had a very good, rich flavor. I chose the tiramisu for my pastry, and it was good but I wanted it to be more creamy and less cakey. My friend ordered a large bowl of the pasta primavera soup, which was very filling and pretty good. I've had their espresso drinks and croissants at other times, and they are awesome.I had to visit because my cousin was raving about their chocolate croissants (like another reviewer, he also associates chocolate croissants with the bus stop), it's only a few blocks from my hotel, and I LOVE patisseries. 
It closes at 6pm on weekdays. I wasn't able to stop by until 5:40pm after work. As I predicted, the delicious chocolate croissants were sold out by now. But, a few almond croissants were left, as well as a lot of muffins, cookies, and madeleines. AND they were all 50% off (I'm not sure what time this sale begins every day). I didn't want this trip to the patisserie to be in vain, so I purchased an almond croissant and madeleine and happily went my way. 
The almond croissant was so fresh, airy, and flaky. The almond filling was not overly sweet. I'm definitely going back for the chocolate one... The madeleine was the underdog of the evening. It was simply AMAZING. I've had a lot of madeleines in my lifetime and this was the most perfect madeleine I've ever had. It was moist, cakey, not dry at all, and slightly crispy on the edges (I totally dig crispy). $3 for the croissant and madeleine. I highly recommend both! But, really, don't overlook the madeleines!
Also, the service here was great. I also saw tons of beautiful tarts and cakes that would be perfect for a birthday celebration.
**Update: I did make it back for chocolate croissant and it was as consistent as the almond croissant. I also tried a vanilla macaroon (which I spied in a huge apothecary jar near the cakes). It was too voluminous and crispy. Not chewy enough. Wouldn't recommend, but they sure are pretty to look at.Excellent coffee, delicious pastries, very very yummy (and gluten free) macaroons (though I didn't ask about cross-contamination, I was told the  macaroons contain no wheat ingredients). I think I spoke to the owner and he was extremely pleasant and helpful.
The staff behind the counter however were rude and aloof, seemed clueless or elsewhere and not excited to help a person out at all. 
I'll be back for coffee and cookies, unless I find some place better... but not to sit -- besides the rude staff they have 'chocolate tours' or something here I guess, or they did the saturday afternoon I was there...nothing kills a coffee buzz like a group full of tourons trying to quietly and respectfully enjoy their chocolate. =DI happened to find this place just by walking by on my way home from work. I only stopped because I saw the macarons through the window. I actually walked past. Did a double take. And then went inside. The macarons were $1.25 each but since I used LevelUp for the first time I got 4 macarons for $3. I ate the lemon and rose petal (got a pistachio and raspberry for my husband) and they were absolutely delicious. I get macarons from Laduree every time I am in Paris and miss them terribly all other times. The rose petal was incredible. The lemon was also quite tasty but sweeter than I am used to. I will definitely be going back the next time I have a macaron craving or find myself missing Paris.I've come to Miel a total of three times in the past year, and I have to agree with the reviews below. Coming here can be a hit or miss depending on who's working there--some people are just more friendly than others.
The first time I came here was a year ago. I was feeling nostalgic after having the best macarons at Pierre Hermé in Paris and was on a macaron craze. I  "yelped" for a location to get some macarons and Miel popped up. 
I have tried almost all of their macarons by now. I tend to buy a large batch to snack on for a week--haha, it never lasts that long. I asked the woman working there how long the macarons would be good for and she said approximately two days. I've noticed that they end up becoming too dry and brittle if left out for a long time (even if you refrigerate them), so you can tell if a batch is fresh or not depending on how easily the "shell" crumbles. 
As I have only bought the macarons here, I can not really judge this café on anything else. Every time I've come though, service has been quite slow. There's either a line or it's empty. Additionally, they have a menu for you to pick out the macarons you want from, but there is always more choices on the menu than there are actually available. Last time I went to buy rose macarons and they weren't available...They ask you how many macarons you want and THEN you go to the macaron booth to get what's available, if I had known I wouldn't have paid before hand. (So make sure you ask what macarons are available). It's a little bit inconvenient because they have them laying out without name tags so you can't really judge what macarons are what flavors the macarons actually are. 
Recommend: rose, blueberry, and raspberry. (They have a pumpkin flavored one right now for the fall!) 
Tip: Trader Joe's sells macarons for a much more reduced priced and they are quite delicious! You can get 12 for around $6, while here the macarons are approximately $2.00 here--more than 3x that price. Therefore, my trips to Miel to buy macarons are more of a treat to myself for their specific flavors that Trader Joe's doesn't have.The pastries are okay but the staff was extremely rude and condescending. It was a bother to ask what certain things were. It totally destroyed the experience.Had some time to kill before a wedding down the road. Stopped by because of the reviews on here. Glad I did. The iced coffee was great. This was my first time having a macaron ( I know...crazy) and it did not disappoint. Had cafe au lait. Absolutely delicious! And such a beautiful atmosphere. The sweetest staff as well. Highly recommended.This Patisserie is adorable! I love the atmosphere and the french music. The macarons are delightfully fresh and moist. Very authentic. The costumer service could be better, but all around a great study spot.Wonderful macarons (usually fresh), a great selection of European-style cakes, good but small selection of teas. The only negative is that service on several occasions has been very rude and, interestingly enough, condescending. I have spent hundreds of dollars on macarons and cakes and love this place, but over the past 4-5 visits, I have found their staff to be uncorteous, if not even passive aggressive. When they serve the cake or take the credit card, they make very little eye contact, don't smile, when I leave them a tip, there is no thank you, no  t even a thank you for your purchase or have a good day. They make you feel like they are obliging you in a way. And that's 2 separate of their employees (a Caucasian guy who wears a hat and a girl who wears her hair up in a bun with at times a band around her head), with two  or three others employees being very nice.
 My boyfriend noted the same thing several times. 
About us: we are professionals (a physician and an IT professional) in our 30s and as a group likely constitute a good portion of their clientele. 
We suggest that the management of Miel Patisserie either replaces several of their staff members or teaches them the common courtesy that is observed everywhere else. Truly, this is the only place in Philadelphia where staff experiences have been repetitively negative. 
Also, in the season of FLU, please don't use your hands to take out a packet of tea and twist it and touch all over it and then put in my cup, without washing your hands and then touching everyone else's money and credit cards.Everything was delicious, staff were friendly, and the macaroons are delicious...
I'm definitely coming back for the macaroons, chocolate macaroons were the best I've had!Meil is a good pastry shop. Good pastry and soft jazz. Great for an afternoon break. But lately the pastry was a bit stale, and for those prices they should turn over the pastry more often. The tiramisu was lovely looking but awful. TURN OVER YOUR STUFF!The mini tiramisu was so dry - inedible. Ended up throwing directly to the trash. What a waste of money.This place has the best macaroons in Philly! I highly recommend trying any of their macaroon flavors. Their other pastries and deserts are delicious too! I gave them 4/5 because service can be a little too slow and disorganized. I've been going here for years, and have seen more and more people crowding the small cafe. Time for another location!If you're missing France and authentic patisserie's--this is the place to go. I got so reminiscent here and had such a mixture of happiness and sadness when I came here. 
Wide assortment of French pastries, which are all absolutely beautiful. I stuck with the classic macaroons and house iced tea (mix of jasmine, green and black tea--so good). The macaroons were PERFECT and my new favorite find in the city. Staff was super friendly and patient. Great atmosphere too. The perfect place to bring a book and treat yourself to a pastry. 
This will be my next go to stop for a macaroon or when I have an overwhelming sadness missing France.Unfortunately, I've been to Miel twice this week! I just can't help it!  I have recently fallen in love with french macaroons and I think I am in serious trouble.  Pistachio, Salted Caramel and Chocolate are my faves! The butter cream in the salted caramel today was so spectacular!
Additionally, my husband has never before complimented an outsiders tiramisu (since mine is the best) until he had a piece at Miel.  Looks like I have to up my game!I would probably give this place a 3.5 to be exact. 
I wanted to get some macarons and this was pretty much one of the only places in Philly that sold them. The macarons were tasteful, but many of them tasted exactly the same, but with a different color. They used to be $1.25 a piece and now they're $1.50 a piece, not really worth it. 
You could probably just go to trader joes and get a whole box for $5 and they would probably taste better, haha.Macaron Mission...semi-successful: The pina colata was stale.The raspberry tasted like PB&J. The chocolate, strawberry, coffee and pumpkin were my favorites.Come here for the macarons!  I ordered five, all of which were tasty, but the coffee and honey one stood out the most. Not a bad place to sit and chill for a while as they have free wifi and a relaxed ambiance.I usually go to Miel on my lunch breaks, and I think that their butter croissants are the best in the city. Their soups are soo good (red lentil cumin anyone?) and one of their sandwiches I got (forget which one) was amazing. The only downside I can find is that sometimes their macarons are a little stale.I've been dying to find a decent French bakery that sold macarons and I finally found one! This coffee/tea/bakery was pretty legit. I ordered an espresso and 4 macarons (pistachio, blackberry, coffee and lemon) I loved the French type atmosphere, definitely coming back :)Don't let the "FANCY" French title fools you. This place is okay. The macaroons tasted Okay to me. I would have thought that my first experience with macaroons would have been amazing but this place didn't really enlighten me or anything. I tried some other pastries from here, too, and they were pretty dry and okay. I guess this place isn't bad but it's not really good either. It doesn't live up to its prices. So unless you want to be a dumbass and waste your money then go to this place.I love the pastries and food here but one thing that frustrates me time and time again is the disorganized service. They are VERY slow when it comes to making simple things like coffee. I watched one of the servers run back and forth from the kitchen to get a soup, the bread that comes with the soup, and spoon, 3 separate times. The credit card machine is also located in the back, causing major slowdown whenever someone (which is more likely than not) whips out plastic to pay.  Clearly efficiency is lacking here.
I also ordered a cake for a birthday party days in advance, only to be told they didnt have it when I went to pick it up. It worked out for them that you can't go wrong with any cakes there so I just took another one home, but a little better efficiency and training can make this a 5 star review."Oh, sweet Madeleine
Good times never seem so good
Oh I've been inclined to believe it never would
Ohhh, sweet Madeleine, good times never seem so good"
so yeah. go get a madeleine. they're divine.Amazing pastries. Really enjoyed the tiramisu, cheesecake was ok but they had this weird like coating over top of it which I felt was a bit strange. 
I also like how they have mini sizes and then you can also get a larger cake. 
I did order a veggie sandwich from here which really wasn't good so for that they lost one star. Otherwise very cute patisserie!What a great find! Their Macarons are amazing! Coffee is delish as well. 
Wish they paid more attention to condition of the sitting area. It could use a little sweeping, and a bit too many flies. 
Staff was helpful and friendly as well.My wife and I were coming to Philly for our anniversary, and we love macaroons. They are impossible to find here in the lehigh valley (if I'm wrong on that, please let me know where). Once we got there, they only had five flavors, but we weren't complaining. They had Black Cherry, Coffee, Vanilla, Chocolate Coconut and Lemon Poppyseed. My favorite was Black Cherry, and my wife loved the Lemon, but they were all good. Some were soft, which the traditional texture, and a few were hard, maybe leaning towards stale, but still delicious. The staff was very knowledgeable about the different pastries, and you could tell they liked what they were talking about. Also, they have miniature versions of the their cakes if you just want a bite or two. We took home a box full of the miniatures and the remaining six Black Cherry macaroons. We will definitely be going back the next time we are in Philly.I never fail to make a stop at Miel for a macaron fix whenever I'm in Philly. All their macaron flavors are on point - can't point out a favorite. I loved the texture of the macarons here. The cookie is just the right hardness and chewiness, and this can really make or break the macaron experience. When I dream of Macarons, I only dream of Lauduree's and Miel's. Honestly, I've once walked in to Miel to eat dessertS for lunch. 
I've also had their tiramisu, strawberry cake, fruit tart, and some raspberry/chocolate cake (don't remember). My favorites out of those were the fruit tart and strawberry cake. Service is standardly decent, no complaints. I'm not a coffee person, so I don't have comments on that. The atmosphere and space is just as lovely as their sweets. I also love that this is in the Rittenhouse square area because I frequent this area the most.Meh.
The place is elegant and beautiful.  The presentation is excellent.  The pastries look divine.  But the taste is average.  It's a bit expensive to be average.  There's not much more to say than that.  I was disappointed.Good macaroons, very rude staff. My wife and I walk in, check out the macaroons and there is a sign that says 'order macaroons at the register', so we head to the register. One of the employees is helping someone else, so after waiting a few minutes (no biggie) another employee comes out from the back and says, 'can I help whoever is next' (we were the only other people there), so we step up. He then says under his breath, 'alright then' turns around and walks into the back...we were dumbfounded. No idea what happened, but apparently he had no interest in serving us.İf you want to enjoy real coffee come in here its a beautiful little charming coffeehouse with european flairPastries were delicious. I spent a year living in France and it's one thing I definitely miss-a carefully crafted pastry. Not easily found in the US. I'm not sure if it's maybe just my visit today, but I definitely didn't get the same "delicious" macarons others might have had. Unfortunately for the two macarons I had the one I had was hard as a rock, something that happens when they've been left for too long. The other wasn't soft either but more edible. I've heard good thing about their bread though so I'll definitely return to try that out.Small and cute place with nice employees. However, I think they can do batter in somewhat cases. Something is missing in that shop..Tried Swiss raspberry pastry. I loved it ambiance and selection. Definitely coming backI love their croissants and morning pastries. Always fresh and delicious. The other pastries however look better than they taste (they're okay, but nothing special).  It also has a lovely atmosphere.It's cute, but they didn't fulfill the potential.
It's supposed to be a Parisian cafe and the door, outside sign, and immediate entrance pull that off. The quaint seating and window bar do this as well along with the workers dressed in all black dress-shirts and glowing pastries on display. 
However, the ambiance is just ruined by their music choice. Michael Jackson? Really? It doesn't match. Also, the restroom is in the back and the moment you head back there, you're brought back to some cold feeling and looking back room that again transports you out of the intended Parisian cafe. 
Also, half the wall by the seating area is mirror. If they're going to do that then they should keep the mirror clean. It's just dirty to do otherwise.Just came here today for some macaroons!
There were 11 flavors today so the boyfriend and I got one of each $1.25 each and went to sit outside.
The chair seating outside is a little awkward because you are sitting right in front of the people inside so it kind of feels like they are hovering over you.
The macaroons looks really good but they were way too sweet. I also wish they would have put name cards in front of them so I knew which flavors I was trying.
I do think I will give this place another try though. Their cakes looked really yummy!In the past year a friend had been using Miel as her office. I've come to love their house blend tea and napoleons. Today I treated myself to the last mini napoleons in their case. I wish I would have eaten it there. Once home I discovered she had just tossed it in the bag no wax paper or tissue to keep it pristine. So, it stuck to the bag and came apart. I then ate that part first. The usually crisp pastry was not soggy, but not crisp sort of like wet napkins. The pastry cream was also very thick and almost stiff rather than being velvety and luscious. So disappointed.I would give 2.5 stars because the macarons and chocolate layer cake can be a bit sweet and the chocolate croissant could be better.The coffee taste really rich and you can actually taste the coffee. The dessert is really good and have a good pricing. It's a nice place to come and chill in the morning or with your family etc. I'll come back.The menus  is just to look pretty.  I'm sorry we don't have that....Nope we are out of chia latte, nope sorry we don't have caramel to make a caramel macchiato.   BTY, that's not a strawberry shortcake it's a fraisier.To be honest I was a little disappointed ! I came in only for the Macaroons , and was very excited they have in many flavors. They looked very colorful and delicious!! However, after tried several of different flavors , they tasted the same !!  Only sweet no other flavors u can feel .. I still love the Laduree the best!!Service was rude/disinterested, chocolate flourless treat was flavorless and nearly frozen, macarons were mediocre and packed poorly such that they arrived home broken and crushed, and everything was overpriced.
I can't speak for the savory selections but i don't think i'll be back in order to update my assessment.We heard nice things about Miel Patisserie, so we stopped in one afternoon.  The line was a little slow to move, but watching the folks behind the counter, it looked like they were taking care while making the drinks.  The seating space felt European in that it was pretty cramped and not really designed for lounging, though there were a few people using laptops.  The decor was nice.
Why three stars instead of four or five?  After we'd been sitting for a while, I decided to order a few macarons.  When I got back to our table, my husband mentioned that the server had grabbed them out of the case with his bare hands.  Yuck...minus one star.  The other star is for the oddly gloomy atmosphere.  I don't recall any ambient music, the tight quarters felt a bit constricting, and it still felt dark despite the large picture windows facing out onto sunny 17th street.  I'd actually give Miel Patisserie 3.5 stars if I could because it is a nice establishment, but I'm still a little eeked out about the macarons.LOVE this place! Super friendly staff and the best cappuccino I've EVER had! Will definitely go back!The place is simple and spotless. The pastries, macaroons and espresso drinks are excellent. The ambiance is quiet and relaxing, loved this place.I had been craving macarons since my recent trip to Paris and perhaps the memories of Pierre Herme and Laduree remain too fresh in my mind to appreciate what Philly has to offer but the macarons here were just mediocre. Some were crunchy as you bit into it..yes, I mean crunchy. I do however recommend the following flavors: green tea jasmine, blueberry lemon, orange blossom, and apricot almondThe only reason why this place got one star is because no stars is not an option. This man with a fedora said they did not have a vegetarian option and offered us the chicken broth soup. CHICKEN soup... So we went for the vegetarian sandwich which was the size of half a sandwich and it was soggy. It was the most disgraceful excuse of a sandwich I have ever purchased in my life. And it was also overpriced. So, if you want to be insulted by heathens that only wear fedoras and serve soggy food then this place is for you. But the croissant was o.k.I had the opera cake. Something weird about the taste and the texture was chewy and stiff for some reason. Looking at the case and it looks like the cakes have been sitting for way too long... 
Many years ago, before Yelp was a thing i would come here for the same exact cake with a coffee at the same time of day after uni. I don't recall it being stale. :( 
I won't comment on service but they don't seem happy working here. Perhaps the owners need to take a hard look at their business and mission. 
I'm glad there are other French pastry options in Philly now.Five stars for the macaroons. All flavors were incredible. They had the standard flavors and some unique ones like rose. They were all fresh and incredible. Particular favorites that day were the strawberry, blueberry, and lemon poppy. The bakery itself was beautiful too.Hello reasonable lunch in Center City.
Stopped in a here a few days ago looking for coffee and some sustenance.  The decor is quite grand inside and definitely reminiscent of European cafes that I have seen.  Lots of golds, marble and bright with natural light.  I looked over the menu and settled on the parisian sandwich.
My coffe, (La Colombe) was brewed just fine and served up promptly.  My sandwich when it arrived was on thick sliced bread with a nice portion of ham and mustard with gruyere.  Chips on the side were just the right portion for me and best part of all, the price was not gouging.  I think I was out for under 10 with my coffee which is nice to do for a sandwich of this caliber.
I'll be back to try more sandwich options and maybe snag one of their very tempting desserts.My trip to Miel was everything I had hoped it to be. I've heard of friends stopping by for Miel's amazing macaroons and thought I should pay a visit. I was surprised by the number of bite size cheesecakes, cakes, cookies, etc. It's magical here! I ordered a cappuccino and two small desserts for $7 or so. Everything tasted great. I've decided Miel is my new favorite cafe and one of Philly's best hidden gems!I frequent here cuz honestly, they have really great pastries and desserts. However their employees are so miserable and unpleasant, they make it seem like it's such a bother to serve customers. Especially the red headed lady and the african american chick, they are pretty rude. Pretty sad that it makes you think twice before going in for a really good tiramisu.