As a Drexel student, this is the only bar on campus...wish it wasn't. MIkey's used to be Ecco Qui (they switched management) and man, do I miss the old place.
Their selection of beer on tap is not bad, but their food is sub-par. I've gotten the sweet potato fries which were pretty okay, the onion rings that made me throw up for three hours and a plain pizza which was burnt at the edges and soggy at the same time.
Waitstaff is also not anything to rave about.
The only thing I like is the beer selection and the fact that they have a patio - saves getting up from the table to smoke.While I have no love lost on Mikey's, I don't share the strong negative opinions of other posters.
This place is a popular in-between classes lunch place for my friends and I, more for its convenience than quality.  The burgers are average, but a little overpriced.  The pizza has been good sometimes, bad others.  The nachos portion is HUGE.  I happen to like my fries a little more well-done, and they are the one thing I really enjoy here. 
I agree that the service could be better, although last time I had a male waiter (for the first time), and he was pretty good.  He did disappear towards the end of our meal though, when we were in a hurry to get the check and get to class.
Average food, okay beer selection, subpar service... but a great place to watch sports.  I'll give Mikey's bar 3 stars.Dragged here due to an engineering happy hour and boyyyyy do I never want to go back. Terrible beers on draft, chilly, loud, full of obnoxious people, crappy table service, overpriced, mediocre food... I don't even think I need to go on.we ate here around 2 on sunday. 
food is ok, but i had a great time sitting around, drinking delicious blueberry beer from a sexy, raven-haired waitress.Ah Mikey's. I love your outdoor deck when it's warm. Drink specials are good. The food was surprisingly not that bad. The pulled pork sandwich was very tasty. 
Can be overrun with Drexel students if you go late, but overall it's a nice spot for happy hour.Bad service, poor quality food, but they have outdoor seating and the beers are sometimes discounted. Recommended for a quick drink and if you want to be around a lot of annoying students (?).Mikey's Bar held a drawing today for tickets to tonight's Fall Out Boy concert in Philadelphia. Despite my friends being the rightful winners, they gave the tickets to an employee instead, while the manager turned a blind eye to loyal and paying customers. Friends in Philadelphia, be aware of the poor business practices of this establishment.Mikey's is one of two bars on Drexel's campus.  They have awesome happy hour and weekly specials, but a pretty limited draft list.
Their sweet potato fries can get addicting and I enjoy the Chestnut Street Burger.  Their nachos are big and crazy! 
I like stopping in here during happy hour before classes, but it does get rather loud and rowdy after 10pm.Service sucks - our table was drinking Coronas so the waitress pretty much needed to only count how many of those to bring out which was apparently confusing.
Also we wanted tacos (as it was Taco Night) but were told we could only order from the late-night menu so no tacos, only the limited selection on there which was literally just wings, fries, chicken fingers, or a caesar salad.  It was 9PM, and for a college bar this somehow constitutes late-night.  We suggested they rename it Taco Late Afternoon.  Waitress didn't get it.
Once the food got to us it was okay, just fried bar food really.  Only reason it gets two stars is because it's cheap and the location is pretty good, especially if you can sit outside.  Just don't expect anything else.They really messed up the draft beer.  I havent been there for a while and they used to have a great draft selection but I dont think that beers like lionshead belong anywhere but a frat partyI have been there a couple of times and it sucks.  I have ordered the drexel burger several times and always order it med rare and every time it comes out a lot more well then med rare.  On my last visit i asked if they could make me a new one and I heard the kitchen trying to claim that the burger was med rare, makes no sense to me since there was NO pink.  This place is your usual college sports bar crap food, rude staff and beer.  The only good think about mikeys is the beer list but I would never go back these days there are a lot of places that you can get good beer and good food in the same placeI came here after being picked up from the airport on a Thursday around 4:30pm. We were greeted by the bartender/server and told to sit wherever we would like. We chose to sit in the back part of the restaurant by the second bar that was currently closed. There were only two other tables being occupied in this open atmosphere sports bar that have the walls adorned with tons of flat screen TVs and Drexel swag. 
Our server got our drinks out pretty fast and refills on the beer and sodas were quickly refilled for only having one server in the house, but my hot tea was a challenge, although I'm sure it's not something one typically orders in a sports bar, but hey, I was fighting a cold. Three of us ordered burgers and one ordered the chicken strips. I decided to order the chestnut burger with veggie patty (see picture). This burger comes topped with avocado, alfalfa sprouts, lettuce, and tomatoe amd accompanyed with sweet potatoe fries. Yummy! The veggie patty was pretty delicious and the fries were amazing! Mike's offers six different sauces that stay at your table in squeeze bottles. These include: ranch, chipotle aioli, BBQ, honey Dijon, ketchup, and a horseradish/mayo sauce. The chipotle aioli was amazing!!! I didn't try the chicken strips, as they were quickly devoured and I didn't want to lose a finger, but they were deep fried in a puffy, yet appetizing looking batter. This joint also has an above par selection of beer and full bar including those foo foo alcohols (which I love) like cotton candy flavored vodka and whipped cream flavored vodka.
I don't get the negative reviews? Sure, service was a little slow, but the food was amazing and I guess we went at a great time because it wasn't crowded at all! The restaurant and bathrooms were clean and our server was very pleasant. Yay, I'm a fan!After reading the reviews, we avoided most of the food, but the husband took a risk and had the french onion soup. It was good soup, nothing special, but something he'd be willing to get again. He called it "better than crappy." 
Mostly we were there for the quizzo. That was fun, good questions, but music was too loud. When we arrived, they were playing the audio from the tv so we got to hear really loud commercials for a long time. The bar's sound system was awful. If you're going to be a sports bar and play the audio from the games, get a better system or improve the acoustics. 
Service was really bad. It took at least 5 minutes for the waitress to show up just to greet us, and we had to ask other waitresses for drinks because ours was m.i.a. the whole time. It wasn't busy, just bad service. We didn't even see her at other tables, so she must have just been hiding in the back.
The beers on tap were nothing special. They had a special with PBR and Lionshead for $2, but I really don't think either are worth $2. Other beers on tap included Blue Moon, Sam Adams, Wacko (which I would recommend to no one, ever), lager, and maybe one or two more. In a town where the neighborhood dive bar will have craft IPA, stout, and wheat beers on tap, there's really no excuse for such a mediocre selection.
I doubt I'll return.In two words...SERVICE SUCKS!!!  I met some old colleagues of mine, from Drexel, here for happy hour last week (convenient).  We sat right near the main entryway so we were surrounded by patrons and other tables.  We weren't visted by a waitress once!  Not for the entire time we were there.  Since we weren't receiving attention from anyone when we first got there we just began getting our drinks from the bar.  At one point another friend of mine shows up and sits with us.  He wanted some food and begins looking for a waitress.  Still no service.  No one clearing our glasses/bottles, no one checking to see how we are, nothing.  Might I remind you we're at tables in the middle of the floor across from the bar.  My friend flags down the waitress in our area and she brings him a menu.  I see she has another food menu and additional drink menus...so I ask if I can see it.  She reaches out and I put my hand on all the menus because I want to see the specialty drinks they have.  This waitress does not let go of the menus, rolls her eyes, sucks her teeth and has the audacity to say "do you really need to see that?  You already have a full beer."  Are you kidding me?  We didn't even bother to order food at this point.  I'm no stranger to customer service, but this was something I've never even heard before.  We're all over 30, business professionals men & women of mixed races. And this waitress treated us like dirt.  The manager on duty was also the bartender.  He was a young guy.  I voiced my complaint and he took the waitress' side trying to rationalize her actions.  That's not exactly how you should conduct business if you want customers to return.  If anything you try to mitigate her negative effects as soon as possible.  He eventually apologized and offered to comp some drinks and said he'd speak with the waitress.  I watched him speak with her at the bar.  She looked over at us, waved her hand with attitude, rolled her eyes and the manger laughed.  We left shortly after that.  I usually don't write reviews, but I felt this one was needed and all the details were necessary so you can get the full picture of my experience.  
Needless to say I will NEVER EVER go to this place again!!  The owner really need to take a look at who he has running his establishment.I went here last night with some friends for quizzo.  Mikey's was a lot nicer looking than I expected, based on the other reviews.  The drinks were reasonably priced, but the food was quite expensive for bar fare.  The average price was around $10 for an entree.  Also, there were only a couple vegetarian options, including a portobello sandwich and fries...Only one person in our group ordered food, french onion soup.  He said it was just OK, not great but not bad either.  I also saw a number of tables with beer towers on them.   Speaking of tables, our waitress was rarely at ours, or any other table for that matter.  The other waitresses seemed better, so that's good i guess.  
Then there was the beer.  The selection on tap was rubbish.  MGD, PBR, etc and some Blue Moon.  They had a decent selection of bottles though.  The giant chalk board with beers and such also informed us there were random specials throughout the week.  Friday is ladies' night where ladies get in free all night...There was no cover when yesterday (a Thursday night), so I'm not sure what that's all about.
I wouldn't go back for any other reason than to play quizzo.  The quizzo was pretty fun.  The dude's music was a bit too loud so it was difficult to hear him sometimes.  Lastly, The bathroom was disgusting, one of the smelliest I've ever experienced.
I you enjoy large breasts, and mediocre food and beer, this is the place for you.   It looked as if there is a minimum cup-size requirement for the waitstaff.Came here with some friends during March Madness earlier this year.  As seems to be the consensus, the food and the service were mediocre.  However, given that they have plenty of flat screens to watch the games, I imagine that we'll return next March...assuming that Mikey's is still around.Yes the service is bad. No the food isn't great. But it's got a good happy hour and is usually empty so it's good for group things. The patio is nice enough when it's warmer out.As a Drexel University student, Mikey's Restaurant is conveniently located on campus but to much of dismay it sucks.  The chicken wings were not as good as the priced that I paid for ($20).  They make Spring Rolls with coconut in them which is gross.  Whoever thought of that should stop cooking.  Their drink specials are good.  Seriously, they need to bring back the owner of Ecco Qui (before Mikey's) cuz this place sucks.  I seriously advise walking to another bar like New Deck Tavern or Drexel's new restaurant bar Landmark, which is conveniently connected to the Drexel Rec Center.  They have better food especially Landmark because it just had its grand opening.I'm pretty much going to echo everyone else's review: meh.  There's no surprises here.  It's a college sports bar.  Lot's of TV's, decent specials, predictable menu/food.  The service I experienced during my visit seemed to be much better than other reviewers.  Also, free mini pizzas with any beer tower order.
Is a product of its location in University City, I would never go out of my way to visit this place.went here one night with friends... we were going to get beer towers and play some quizzo. 
1. there was no quizzo, football was on. the tvs were so loud i had to yell at my friend across the table for them to hear me. there was noone in the bar, we could have lowered the volume. 
2. every beer we ordered for the tower they were out of. we ordered our first, the beer was bad. we got it changed and it took a very long time because they were doing 'something' and then we finished it and every beer we chose after that was not available... uhm. you call yourself a bar?
we got the check and left.
mikeys, never again.When it comes to mediocrity, no one does it better than Mikey's. The service is abysmal, the food is severely lacking in both quantity and quality, and the "frat-mosphere" is just flat out embarrassing. A normal Mikey's crowd is usually practically no one in the place at all, or obnoxious frat guys all yelling over each other trying to show off how great they are at drinking. Even on instances when the place is empty the waitstaff still operates at a snail's pace, and if the place is packed you'll more than likely end up having to go searching for someone to take your order multiple times. And to make matters worse I really can't think of a single visit (out of probably 8) where there wasn't mistakes made with our orders or the final bill.
While the atmosphere and service is bad, what truly makes Mikey's mediocre is their food. As previous reviewers have noted, the Cheese Steaks are frightening (and over priced), and the pizza is on par with Chuck E. Cheeses. Their burgers are just alright, and the fries are a shining light in an otherwise bleak culinary experience, but they don't give nearly enough for a single order (and the next size up costs $9). If you're feeling adventurous and actually want to try some food I recommend coming in before 8PM because the kitchen closes and random times each night (between 8 and midnight) and the waitstaff will jump down your throat if you try to order after it's closed. The only redeeming quality for Mikey's, and the only reason I didn't give it a 1 Star rating, is that the drink prices are pretty reasonable for the area, but the downside is they are very stingy pourers (read: mostly ice/mixer/small shots).
If you can't find any where else in University City to go with your friends, or you want to play Quizzo, stop by, but if you want an enjoyable experience without losing your dignity try somewhere else.The sauce showing production wasn't nessary and i've gotten it both times i've been in there. I think that the servers didn't know if we were there table or not (she was sweet totally not her fault) the one bartender seemed over lost and scared to get us our drinks, while the other was fantastic and a sweet heart (he gets 4 stars). we went in for an open bar and had to order drinks at the bar and food from the server which was inconvient but dealible. I don't know what this place is really trying to do, the 15 dollar open bar was nice and they used stoli vodka but the beer for the open bar was lionshead.never again.
i dont go to drexel anymore, hence why would i come here? i didnt care for it then, except maybe for the sweet potato fries.
this time, my friend had a groupon. fine... i agreed to go, in the name of cheapness. how bad could it be?
annoying crowd. they cut the menu since i was last there too. the pizza was a big fat fail. i tried a cocktail, hoping to get a quick buzz going. picked something with "fantasy" in the name, on recommendation from the server... it was terrible. upside: the homeless dude at 30th street seemed to enjoy the pizza.The food is ok, but the service here is awful.  The waitress who works on weekdays is lazy and slow...watched her play on her phone, wander around doing nothing, and fix her hair in the bathroom while we waited for 10 minutes for the check.  Won't be coming here again.I went on a Tuesday for the first time to watch the Heat game. They had great food and drink specials and a good college atmosphere. There is indoor and outdoor seating. The only downfall is the service can be slow. Seems like the runners and bartenders are also waiters. They have a Dj playing house music starting at 10pm which can be a bit much if you're trying to watch a game.Seriously, have you just given up?  I suppose the mediocre service and somewhat overpriced food was acceptable when Mikey's had less competition. Since the Blockley Pourhouse and most recently Landmark Americana and Savas have opened with a focus on the Drexel crowd it seems as though Mikey's has just stopped trying.Don't even think of ordering cheesesteak - they are dreadful.
Oh, and avoid lunch on Friday - noisy because of all the local construction crews boozing down.Mostly a Drexel crowd, so i try to avoid the usual college-rush times.
The staff is pretty typical. Nothing out of the ordinary. The food is pretty good, but your typical bar selections. They do have outdoor seating, which is very relaxing when the weathers nice.
Ive only been there multiple times because you can get $25 off gift certificates from restaurant.com for mikeys. That levels out the high-sided prices for a college area bar.I spent all of two minutes in here and I don't think I'll be back. 
There was a surly bouncer, bad and loud music, bros galore.
No thanks.I've been here several times for lunch, and the service definitely needs to be improved. It's ridiculously SLOOOOW.  I came here with seven others today. Luckily, we were able to seat right away. 
PROS - Really like their burgers, sweet potato fries, and quesadillas. 
CONS - There was one hostess/server/food runner for the whole restaurant. Ya heard me. ONE! Then it took 12 minutes to get our drinks (for 8 people), and a total of 30 minutes to get our food! Yikes!
My advice - Come here when you're not in a rush! Food is decent.I really don't know what to say about this place.
Ive been here more than once, so clearly it's not terrible but it's not my first choice for... anything.
It is the only bar on Drexel Campus but it's not the best bar in the area. The food is ok and if it's not busy they are reasonable and can make you something not on the menu.
If you're looking for a nice place to have a drink during the day, it's ok. If you don't like big crowds and want to sit down, enjoy a drink and be able to listen to your friends in the meanwhile, choose somewhere else.
Overall, not too bad. The staff is kinda better during the day.I was initially enticed by hearsay of a decent beer selection but that turned out to be less true. Their selection was horrible but their chalk board list isn't kept up to date. The waitress informed me that they were our of my selection without going to check, so it wasn't too recent of news. 
The main problem here was the service. There was a Red Bull/Skyy event going on later in the evening which may have contributed to the delay but after getting our food and drinks she only returned once more before we got the check and left. When we did see her initially she seemed quite enthusiastic though. 
I only had a friend's onion ring but it was better then average. Prices on the rest of the menu seem a bit high otherwise. I might try it again hoping that this was an isolated incident.When a friend of mine invited me to Mikey's for his graduation bash, I was excited to finally try a new bar by which I had passed so many times en route to the subway from spending time on Drexel's campus; however, nothing extremely special struck me about it.  I will give them credit, however, for some really good sweet potato fries, and for having three flat-screen TVs in the backroom for customers' viewing pleasure.  Unfortunately, there did seem to be some inconsistency in the drinks I ordered--my first Fuzzy Navel was great; the second seemed a bit diluted and I couldn't really taste the Peach Schnapps.  Not my first choice of a place to take friends, but I enjoyed hanging out with the people I was there with.  Willing to give the menu another chance as well.I agree with David H.  It is a great place to watch sports - lots of brand new flat panels and great beer.  The drink specials during NFL games are pretty good.
The food is the killer here.  The wings are okay, but after that it all goes downhill.  My burger tasted like cardboard.  I hope the food gets better, but that hope is unlikely to be fulfilled as this place was apparently opened by the owners of the restaurant that previously occupied the space, Ecco Qui.  That place was bad.
Bottom line:  Nice environment and good drink selection.  Bad food.Eh - nothing mind blowing or out of this world going on in here.  Food was good, service was good, but nothing out of the ordinary that makes it stands out from other sports bars.Mikey's is a very good spot with an outstanding beer selection(you can't beat those Beer Towers!), good food, great happy hour specials, and modern decor. That's my spot to go to unwind with a cold beer after a long hard day's work. Every time I go in there, my service has been nothing but top-notch..Pretty good place.  Good beer tube/pizza specials.  But it has the slowest Quizzo night ever.  If you are planning to play expect to be out close to 1am on Thursday.  It is time to find a new bar that doesn't take 45 minutes per round.I had a coupon for $25 to Mikey's, so I decided to give it another chance. Or, just a chance in general.
The good:
-The waitress. My receipt says her name is Foluke. Soooo nice. Called us "love" and "babe". Some people may not like that, but I don't mind.
-The drink specials. Happy hour on a Saturday night?! Until 7?! OKAY!
The bad:
-The food. I'm no fish & chips connoisseur, but I'm told that the fish & chips were awful. Completely undercooked, but burnt. Yipes. I had the pesto pizza. Fine, I guess, but it had that weird hard cheese thing that happens when the cheese is overcooked. 
-The wait time. At one point, we were LITERALLY the only two people there, but it took ages to get our stuff. An entire family came and went while we were there.
Sure, it's conveniently located practically ON Drexel's campus. I've known many a colleague to go to Mikey's for a drink after an exam or presentation that merits a drink.
But, ew.Fantastic college bar with a ton of drink specials and a solid food selection. I never miss the mixed drink tower special they have on Tuesday nights.  The service is consistently top class and I have repeatedly given compliments to the management on the speed of the kitchen and bar staff.  If you're a student around University City I definitely recommend going with some friends. 
Okayyy, maybe my boss asked me to write a yelp article to juice up the stars a bit. Maybe the service isn't top of the line.  Maybe the clientele struggles in the class department. But I can honestly say that what it lacks in quality and charisma, Mikey's makes up for with some ridiculously cheap drink specials.GREAT HAPPY HOUR! half off burgers and pizzas and drinks are rather reasonable! It was  quiet friday afternoon and really nice out, so the doors were open and a breeze was nice, and the food was great! not a bad place! definately a good place for lunch for a cheap burger or a cheap (HUGE) pizza, which was REALLY good!Disgusting, unclean, waitress never gave us change back and then screwed up our checks again when we informed her of the situation, glasses had smudges on them and the servers handed us beers by touching the rims. The deals aren't even worth it.Amazing veggie burger and sweet potato fries, great service and fun atmosphere. I also tried the quesadilla with grilled veggies (delicious) and  the beer battered onion rings are HUGE, everything was great,  love it!My friends and I used to go to the restaurant, Ecco Qui that was here before Mikeys so we really anticipated Mikeys and hoped that it would be just as good or even better.
To our dismay, Mikeys was not exactly what we had in mind. The drinks and food were more expensive, the food is all typical fried american food, that is not even worth it and the bartender and servers take a while before they realize that you have been left unattended.
The only reason why I am giving Mikeys a 2 star is because it is right on campus or else its a 1 star restaurant for sure!The other night I had happy hour and eventually dinner at this bar. It was pretty nice, but what really stood out was the service my husband and myself recieved from our server. Her name was Ashley, dont let this get out though she took care of us to the maximus. Although we are a needy table that kept her hustling back and fourth from the kitchen, she took our needs in stride and alway had a smile on her face. Cant wait to go back!My friends and I went to Mikey's with our sports league. We found a free table and sat. We ended up asking the table next to us if we could borrow their menus as no one brought any over for us. After over half an hour of waiting and being told that someone would be over to take our order shortly, a member of our table wrote down our orders and got up to bring it to a waitress. We ordered a few beers and burgers. After another 25 minutes of waiting and still not getting our beers, food, water, or place settings another member of the table went to the bar hoping to have better luck with the drinks. The bartender told him he was going to have to wait some more. We told the waitress to cancel our order and without even an apology we went elsewhere for a great meal and a couple of drinks. This place has quite a lot to learn about customer service.this place has never ending specials:
$5 cheesesteaks WITH fries during phils games (good and big too)
$2 bud lt bottles all day friday
late happy hour even on sat
$3-3.50 good drafts
$2 domestic drafts
just go in any time and there will be some kind of drink special.  i recently went on a saturday night and it was packed, $2 lionshead drafts and $3 mixed drinks that werent soft.  good deal
plus the waitresses/bartenders are friendly and chit chat a bit.  
best place in univ city/penn/drexel area for cheap food/beer.  just dont get teh cheesesticks because they are not mozzerrella but some kind of pasty cheese that was not good.  other than that, 5 stars.Yet another bad experience. It doesn't take 20 minutes to grab a bottled beer for someone. We actually nick-named the waitress Lindsay Slowhan because she looked so much like Lindsay Lohan.Great place to hang out with a group of friends or even dining alone. Tons of drink specials everyday at every time of the week. The food is very tasty, I recommend trying the chicken quesadillas, sweet potato fries, and one of the 6 types of wings. They also offer free wifi and have 8 40+ inch TVs throughout the entire restaurant. Great place for watching games. Give Mikey's a chance, you won't be disappointedIncompetent Bartender, Lost Credit Card, Bad Night.
Where to begin with my Mikey's saga? When I first went up to the bar, I (a woman) stood waiting for at least 10 minutes while I watched the bartender flirt with other men at the bar, play with her hair, drink her own beer that she had sitting behind the bar, and refill drinks for the men she was flirting with. Another guy sitting at the bar, seeing I was frustrated, offered to flag her down for me..which finally got her attention. I order my drinks--which she then proceeds to make and then set aside on the other end of the bar to go back to flirting with other customers. I finally have to flag her down again to get her to hand me my drinks. I open a tab (bad decision at this point, I know.)
Later that night, when I go to close my tab--surprise!--she can't find my credit card and insists that i didn't hand it to her. That's funny, because in my experience, no one will open a tab for you unless you *hand them the credit card*.  The manager promises that they'll look around for the card that night after they close and call me in the morning. I get home from Mikey's, log onto my bank account, and see that someone out there has my card and is currently using it at another bar in Philly. Super incompetent bartender woman has simply given my card to someone else and they walked out of the bar with it.
Luckily, when this person realized the mistake, they dropped my card back off at Mikey's for me to pick up.  The manager was apologetic about the whole thing, but it doesn't change the fact that I've had to cancel this card and dispute the charges that I didn't make.  There is no way in hell I am *ever* going back there. If you do, don't open a tab.Here's the breakdown:
FOOD: All the appetizers suck. The only thing I would order are their pizzas (Four Cheese and Barbecue Chicken), because they have a brick oven, and burgers, because they are HUGE and are the best bar-style burgers I have had in the area. Stay away from the rest of the overpriced fare. 
DRINK: They have an OK selection on tap, and some slightly more eclectic bottles in the fridge. Moderately-priced, acceptable happy hour, and GREAT drink specials on Tuesday, Thursday and Wednesday nights. Barstaff are normally cool and happy to mix cocktails. 
AMBIENCE: Dumbass college kids most of the time, unless you're there in the early evenings or for lunch. An OK place to hang out, but don't bring a girl here on a date or you are NOT getting laid. 
CONSENSUS: The best you're going to get, given the surrounding area. For as many reasons there are why you shouldn't come here, there's just as many reasons why you should. Towers, good drink specials on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights. Good atmosphere during sporting games (this place was GREAT for the world cup) Good happy hour specials ($3 imported drafts!!!!), and friendly staff. They might not be the quickest servers, but they are obliging. PLUS, if you're there in the afternoon, and you're sitting at the bar, expect to get a drink or two on the house, or at least, greatly discounted.The burgers are dynamite. You can build your own or pick one from the menu. The restaurant brings a six pack of sauces for your table to dip your fries or your onion rings. My favorite is the horseradish...great flavor. The venue is great to relax with co-workers or friends. The drafts are a wide variety and during happy-hour its $3. They also have a bunch of tvs to watch Sunday games with a big group of people.Summary: Not terrible, nothing to rave about either. Typical college sports bar.
I've been here a few times with friends and the like, and it is, in every sense of the phrase, a stereotypical college sports bar. Overpriced bar food, cheap drinks during happy hours (nonalcoholic and alcoholic), normally extremely overpriced drinks, and slow service.
This place tends to get crowded Thursday-Saturday after 7-8 PM, and you must be 21+ to enter, so don't bother even trying unless you have a 'workaround,' as my roommates used to refer to it. Most of the 'workarounds' that they used were wildly successful, but thankfully I've never had to succumb to the process myself, as I'm not a huge fan of the bar/club scene to begin with.
Regardless, Mikey's is one of the staples of the Drexel college campus, and most students will make their way over here at some point or the other. 
One gripe is that they don't show any EPL/La Liga/Bundesliga soccer (football) games here, which means that soccer followers need to trek down to Fado's or Slainte instead. I think that they would definitely increase their fan following if they started broadcasting the Saturday/Sunday morning games during the season, especially given how slow mornings typically can be.
All in all, check it out, but don't expect to be blown away.Like the others that yelped it before, this place earned its low rating. I've eaten lunch here a couple times and the food was marginal, and had a happy hour here recently, and the appetizers are anything but. They had Flying Dog on tap, which was a redeemer. But to be honest, there are several places within a three block radius that are better.I honestly don't know how they do it. I usually really enjoy divey bars when they simply don't care, but somehow Mikey's can straddle the line between dumpy and trying to look nice.
The snack food I had was average to sub-par, and the beer selection is worse than all other bars I've been to in walking distance (even Landmark). Worse, the beer was lukewarm and going flat...which would have been nice on a good, richer beer but on a lighter (admittedly cheaper) one, it was nasty.This place is a freaking joke. I have been here a few times now and every time I think that there is no way it can be as bad as the last time, like I'm some kind of Alzheimers patient. Cheap beer is fine and all, but the service and food here is the absolute worst. Go anywhere but here. Mad Mex, even? Yes, Mad Mex even.Went here with some classmates after a horrendous exam we all bombed.  The ambiance is OK for a sports bar but it wasn't that comfortable for a reason I can't put my finger on.
The beer specials were A-OK.  $2 Lionsheads and PBRs and $1 Miller Chills.  I drank my fair share.  Worst thing though was the service was lax at best.  I'd ask for a drink and it would take what felt like forever.  I also ordered a White Russian for $6 and the tiny size left something to be desired.
After a little while, I also got a "Drexel Burger" which is basically a bacon cheeseburger with cheddar.  Below par.  While the meat itself was OK, the bun was too dense like a baguette.  The fries it came with were way overdone and rather soggy.  And for $9.50 burger platter only, before tip, that's horrendous.I have been there a couple of times and it sucks.  I have ordered the drexel burger several times and always order it med rare and every time it comes out a lot more well then med rare.  On my last visit i asked if they could make me a new one and I heard the kitchen trying to claim that the burger was med rare, makes no sense to me since there was NO pink.  This place is your usual college sports bar crap food, rude staff and beer.  The only good think about mikeys is the beer list but I would never go back these days there are a lot of places that you can get good beer and good food in the same placeI agree with David H...although I have only had lunch here and did not partake in cocktails, I have to agree that the food is pretty grim.  We went for lunch just today, and had a freebie coupon for an order of nachos.  The nachos came out with very little cheese, a small dollop of sour cream and a teeny bit of salsa.  It's also hard to forget the piece of paper crumbled up that was under the pile of chips; it read "FREE NACHO 1/2 ORDER APP", so I guess it was our order slip, just mixed in with the order.  Too funny.
The pizzas looked pretty good, maybe a bit spendy at about $10 for a lunch-sized pizza, and I ordered "The Pig" with cheese, bacon and pulled pork.  The cheese and bacon - not so bad, but the pulled pork tasted...off.  Not quite sure what was going on there.  Hopefully I will not get sick  from bad pork.
I'll probably give it another shot because I work next door to the train station and there are only so many times in a row you can eat at the food court.I love this place. I can walk here from work. the Food is great. The beer selection is pretty wide, and the atmosphere is not sticky. I don't like going into a sports bar, or any other typical bar and feeling grossed out when I sit down. I like how clean Mikey's is kept, and how the decor is mature, and tasteful. I've only been there a couple of times so far, but each experience has been a great one, and I plan on going back again. 
We actually chose Mikey's to host a birthday party at, and it was a real blast. The waitstaff and the managers were excellent, helpful, and we truly felt like the place was ours. We had a private space, and made it our own. And there wasn't a moment where I felt disappointed in something we had asked for. Everyone at the party had a blast and kept thanking us for so much work, when we didn't have to do very much. Just show up and drink! 
:)Love their pulled pork sandwich!Went to Mikeys the other night - great time.... These guys definte get the college crowd.  Relaxed and cool atmosphere... TVs everywhere......food was good - i had a GREAT Burger, great waffle fries.... Beer was good - they just brought in like 30 craft beers, cool - i tried a couple and they were real good. There was a group having a party there that night - looked like a UPENN Sports Club - very cool - small buffet to themselves in the 2nd level, their own bar setup, real nice... Im defintely calling them to bring my group from Hockey there. the servers were pretty good - kind og tough in a college area to get good servers but they were all college kids and pretty efficient. 
I woud DEFINITELY recommend this place for everyone..Went to Mikeys the other night because needed something different.. Surprised at how good it was since reviews on this site were saying otherwise. Food was real good, Burgers were amazing!  
Beer Selection was pretty good - losts of taps place alot of cool craft beers and reasonably priced. Didnt feel like i was being taken advantage of like at Landmark - i think Landmark is expensive because they have to kickback to the College.......anyway, place was cool.
DJ started up and the place took off- lots of people who wanted to have fun, no attitudes and no jerks...
I highly recommend Mikeys to everyone...very convenient, and they got great fried sweet potatoes