I thought I'll give this place a try since everyone is talking about their milkshakes. Ehhh... not too impressed with it! It was basically ice cream and milk! 
The place was a junk! There were flies flying all over the place and the young girl used her bare hands to touch my ice cream cone!I ordered some desserts due to pregnancy cravings, and the delivery driver refused to bring me up what I ordered. I contacted the restaurant whom said my delivery would be delivered to my door, but ultimately cancelled my order. This place should step it up. Don't offer delivery if you have no intent to bring it to my door. If I could, I would give this place 0 stars.Order submitted at 3:30pm for a large pizza, julienne salad, mega fries and two shakes. Waited two hours, driver is a no show. Call made at 5:45 and was told order is on its way. Second call made at 7:30pm and told, "a mistake, someone forgot to put in the order". I canceled the order. First and last time ordering from this place!!!
FOUR HOURS IS TOO LONG TO WAIT FOR DELIVERY.Don't order from here girl is rude ,, July 2nd 
Order came wrong 3 mistakes not 1 !!!' I ordered 7 items 3 came wrong there just above 50% 
Call back to tell them they wanna stick her on the phone !!! I DONT WANT TO TALK TO HER COULDN'T GET IT RITE THE FIRST TIME 
!!!    Soggy fries Not ur responsibility u paint my ceiling !!!!
Never again Millie'sWas a huge fan of this place simply for their surf and turf burger. I love it so much I think Ive gotten one delivered every week for the past month.
Pretty dissapointed today when it was all turf and no surf. And they added jalepeños for some reason...which I cant really eat. 
Still good in my opinion despite their recent mistake.This place is absolutely horrible!! I've give it WAY too many chances and each time they remind me why it's the worse!! I will no longer step foot in that place!i love this place its the ultimate guilty pleasure..reminds of when u were a kid.. i always get chocolate icecream cone loaded with chocolate jimmies and a pizza pretzel..really doesnt matter what size cone you get,there is only one size at millies ginormous.. a cute story abt millies,i was sitiing a friend's son(abt 11) and we got our "ginormouse"sized cones and the kid says..omg they're so big how much is this size? i said 'same as regular $2 bucks" and the kid says"wow she must not like her boss very much"(speaking of the girl who scooped or cones) i thought that was very funny..Seriously ordered ice cream it's now 2hrs and still not here. What a Joke called 3 times young girl don't have a clue. Said its out for delivery guess they were coming from Wildwood or something. Never Again....
What a Joke!!!!!!Loved the pistachio milkshake (extra thick)!! I was impressed that it was still solid when it was delivered. Burgers were so so. They were much bigger than I expected. The fries were nothing special. Not much cheese. I'm giving them 4 stars mainly for the fact that they can delivery a perfectly delicious milkshake! How many places can you say that about (or even offer it for that matter)?!Before coming here the best burger I have ever had since coming to Philadelphia is chickie's and Pete's. But I must say the burgers here and other food is really really nice for the price and tastes very very good. My daughter absolutely loves the shakesHorrible business. They messed up the order... 2 hrs later and 3 phone calls (including getting grubhub involved) this is what I receive and cant eat it. Now ordering from a real establishment worthy of my money.I love Millies. I've had their pizza, mozzarella sticks, and fries. All are delicious! Definitely one of my go-to's now. The pizza is good, they have personal size which is the reason I ordered from here the first time. The crust is a little doughy but I really enjoyed it!! Not like "under cooked" type of doughy, just thick and soft. Mozzarella sticks are a good size and the fries are nice and crispy.ordered the first time thru grubhub,always wanted to try after hearing so much about it,food was warm,and tasty but was wrong order,i ordered chicken cutlet platter but got flounder platter that was .50 cents more,i ate it b/c it smelled and looked good but don't think ordering again.I have only gotten ice cream from here, no other food. My boyfriend and I got generously portioned scoops for a decent price. They have a lot of flavors to choose from, as well as a few different kinds of cones. I'm not a toppings person, however they seemed to have a good selection. Would go back again for ice cream!Delicious food and great ice cream sundaes. Their meatball sandwiches and cheeseburgers are very tasty.What place you know in south philly that delevers milkshakes and ice cream?!?! I ordered milkshakes here through grubhub and they were amazing! You can even create you own custom shake. Awesome customer service. They delivered very quickly! The food was just average.Owner is a huge air head, one of his employees said they would give us full credit for the meal they got wrong and since they couldn't fix it the day of since they were closing they said they would do it when we called and placed an order when we did he said we owe him money for the 1.50 worth of bacon they put on my burger that I didn't want and said that he wouldn't do it when I said I'd reach out to the BBB since I don't want to waste 30 dollars since I literally can't waste 30 dollars he then said "oh you'll contact the bbb?" And slammed the phone.I gave it 1 star because I had to rate but it deserves no stars.  I place an order for two sundaes which consisted of just ice cream, I topping and fudge.  
Called 8pm....Stated 1 hour for 2 two scoop ice cream bowls.
Called 1 hour and 15min later...no ice cream!  This time....It's out!...9:15pm
Called 30 min later...got really busy....this time still here going out now....9:45pm
Called 15min later...stated again it was out...10pm
Called 15min later...stated it was out, really busy...10:15!  
Cancelled order...was giving me an issue because it's out...I said you said that 2hrs 15min ago!  10:20pm
If they couldn't deliver in a timely fashion...then state that from the beginning...I would have gone elsewhere.
No ice cream tonight....very very very poor customer service!!It took them more than an hour to deliver my simple order. PIZZA arrived cold and soggy. The packaging box was open a little. ( no tape used to seal the box) Wings were undercooked.I think this place also goes by Millie's burgers steaks and shakes - nonetheless -I wouldn't feed it to my dogs. Shake was also terrible and chocolate -so my dogs wouldn't get it either way . Just don'tWe ordered a $80 order. Food arrived..we immediately checked to make sure everything was there..it wasn't we ordered 3 milkshakes and only had 2. Immediately called the restaurant they said no problem. 15 minutes later they called bsck to argue with us..saying they put the 3 milkshakes in the small paper bag. They didn't..there were 2 and a handwritten note on the outside LISTING chocolate and cherry jubilee....NOT oreo. After they told me that they DEFINITELY made it and put it in the bag, they THEN decided to say it wasn't on the bill( even though they just got done telling me they put it in the bag). Yes, it was on the bill..i have the copy that is stapled to the bag.....so i thought it was resolved....that was at 10:45...it is now 11:13...still no milkshake and my card was charged. Look..people make mistakes...i wasn't even mad that they forgot it..just bring me my missing item. I get that you close at 10:30 so now it's after closing but instead of spending 20 minutes arguing about a $5 milkshake you could have made it, delivered it, and been on your way home. Bottom line: Shitty customer service and i will never order from here again... Oh update: milkshake got delivered at 11:18 with a shitty comment from the delivery guy....dude...not your fault...but now you just made this situation even crappier. So long millies! Guess spending 80 dollars on food and tipping the driver doesn't warrant being nice to the customer....: (I ordered from millies they said an hour wait I waited almost 2 hours they forgot to add a burger that was ordered the young lady that answers the phone had an attitude and to top it all off there was a Dead mosquito in the onion rings we will never order from them again and I highly advise anyone to order from them food is terrible phone person is rude and there r dead bugs in the food what a horrible place to order fromDecent Cheesesteak but I just wasn't feeling it at Millie's.  Good solid roll, big pieces of fried onions and mushrooms, good cheese melt buteverything overpowered the meat. The meat was a bit player.  At $8.75, in the city, I need more meat.I ordered from Millie's on the recommendation of my daughter she said they have really good food but after she got her order and it wasn't what she was accustomed to getting from there. I should have canceled mine but it was too late. I ordered the fried shrimp and buffalo chicken pizza. The pizza arrived overcooked burnt crust and tough. It was so much bbq sauce that you could barely see the chicken it's supposed to be a white pizza but all it is is barbecue sauce and chicken on burnt bread. The shrimp will wilted and soggy. The food arrived almost in half hour late and cold. I will not be ordering from there again I hate wasting my money and more importantly now I have to order from somewhere else to have dinner tonight.Millie's is the closest thing to a Woolworth's lunch counter left in the city. 
There's nothing like sitting down to a grilled ham and cheese with a malted shake in a neighborhood shop listening to the locals gripe about young kids and double parked cars on their street. Granted the school kids running in and out can get loud and annoying considering that they all think that they're thirty and run the streets (damn kids get off my lawn!), but the sundae's are worth having to hear the loud conversation of whose boyfriend  was caught kissing whose best friend. 
Must haves: grilled ham and cheese sandwich (artery-hardening greasy goodness), banana splits, and any type of shake really. 
Disadvantages: don't even think of driving because you'll never find a spot, and even if you do I bet someone will double park in front of you.Order took 2 hours. When I called twice they said out for delivery. Food arrived cold and hard. Worst pizza I have ever had.Old school luncheonette with good hoagies and other Italian sandwiches. If only they stocked a better ice cream than Jack & Jill. When I lived around the corner I was here once  a week. Typical South Philly curmudgeons unless the hopeless teen girls are working.I'm one of those people that never writes reviews, in fact this may be my very first one on yelp, but I just can't resist. I think Millie's is one of the most underrated places in Philly. I discovered them thanks to Grubhub some 3+ years ago and they're still one of my all time favorite places to order from. 
I just received my delivery about 20 minutes ago, everything I ordered was phenomenal. Let me tell you, this isn't an ice cream sundae I'm eating, this is a masterpiece. Their burgers are also amazing; it's the only place I know of that will top my burger with cheese steak. If you've got a meat tooth like me, they'll fulfill all your carnivorous needs.
They have such a wonderful variety, great quality, good prices and the delivery is always early. Hope this place keeps going strong for a long time.Ordered through Seamless, which runs on GrubHub or through GH i guess... Either way, they messed up the order and they did not call when they arrived. I specifically both put my number and to call please when they got there...I thought i would never see the day when someone could mess up a Caesar salad so royally (no dressing on it) ... 0 stars 2 thumbs down...get it together y'allBurgers and sandwiches are awesome. This is a a
Local neighborhood gem!!
We've tried burgers, fries , sandwiches, cheese steaks, fried onions, onion rings etc.We have ordered from millies multiple times.. its never great, this time they messed up something on our order so i called them and told the person who answered they got my order wrong and they didnt repeat the correct order but said they were sending a new one. then they called back and we told them the order again because i guess they didnt write it down, over an hour goes by and no one has come to deliver the corrected item. so we called back and they had never even made or sent out a new one... i advise them to get new employees because their customer service is terrible... if it was possible to give negative stars we wouldI can't rate their food because we never received it.
We just had the WORST delivery experience ever. I seriously have never rated or complained to a business ever in my life. I have worked in the food industry and know that sometimes shit happens but this is beyond bad so here I go:
We ordered through GrubHub and they said that it would take an hour & 15 minutes to  an hour an 25 minutes. I was concerned because my family and I were already starving, so I called Millie's and the rude, apathetic girl that answered the phone said we are busy but it should be there within the hour. So, I didn't cancel the order. 
An HOUR AND 40 MINUTES later, I called again. ( I just want to point out that I live a few blocks away from Millie's) Again, I receive the less than enthusiastic employee, that barely seems to give a flying fuck.  I explain to her that I had called before and she had told me an hour and that it had now been 1 hour and 40 minutes and she says that sorry they were busy, and that it was enroute. 
2 HOURS LATER, my husband called and asked to speak to the manager. He says we've been waiting over two hours for a delivery that still isn't here and we are going to cancel unless you can convince us not to. The manager says the guy is already on the way, I can't do anything. (I guess the driver doesn't have a cell phone) My husband says," Two hours is acceptable to you????You won't do anything for us????" the manager says," What can I say? I run a busy business. I'll cancel your order." CLICK. He hung up. 
Never in my life have I received such horrible customer service. No place that gives zero fucks about their customers, deserves to stay in business.
Update:It's now been three hours and they just dropped the food off, no charge. The driver said that the manager apologizes. Sorry, three hours is inexcusable, the food is cold. I stand by my review.I want to start off saying that when Millie's gets the order RIGHT, it's excellent. Mind you we rarely order anything besides hoagies and ice cream, but as Millie's can attest, there's a TON that can be screwed up with just an ice cream order! 
We continue to order from here for one reason...CONVENIENCE. They have ice cream all year a mere block away. If they were farther we wouldn't bother. 
When we order ice cream we get the exact same order every time. Yet very single time they screw something up. Recently, the thing they've been screwing up is hot fudge. In my sundae I'd have hard, chewy, nasty chunks of burnt old fudge throughout the sundae! My boyfriend ordered a vanilla cone and got butter pecan! Thank goodness he's not allergic to pecans! I only like sprinkles on the whip cream. I don't want them all over the ice cream and I TELL them this and I get a pound of sprinkles in the sundae. It's to the point where I say no whip cream and they'll still put whip cream on it (they did that tonight). 
The owner needs to train his employees better on how to make a sundae and pay better attention to his business and how it's being run. He employs young teenagers who seem like they'd rather be anywhere else but there (some are sweet & nice while others are apathetic and sometimes downright rude). Really, How do you manage to screw up a vanilla ice cream cone???
The moral of this very long review is simple. If you're close by and want ice cream (or prepackaged snacks and drinks) in the dead of winter, sure, give it a try. But if you have other options, this place is not recommended by me. If I had a car, I'd go to friendlys or the pop shop in collingswood or nifty fifties! Love all of them!Milkshakes are good! To my surprise I ordered a cheese steak and it was the best cheese steak in Philadelphia I have had thus far and I've tried them all. You want to get reliable delivery service use Uber eats.I can only vouch for the tomato pie here, as I don't eat meat or dairy which is most of the menu. It was excellent. :) I ordered it with spinach, mushrooms, roasted red peppers, and onions, all from fresh veggies. Super good, and delivered around noon in 35 minutes. I'm putting this pie in regular rotation.I placed an order on grubhub for a burger with no onions. I receive my burger and it says no tomato. I called the restaurant to get the burger changed. They said they will make another burger and take the old one back. Fast forward an hour and I'm still waiting for the correct food. So I call the restaurant again they tell me it went out already. Ok great......not. I am now waiting for another 25 mins even though I live 4 blocks away. Call back. They never made my new burger because a driver never showed up to pick up the old one first. So the wait continues.....another 20 mins after calling again. My burger finally arrives. Good news...no onions. Bad news...it doesnt look like much of a burger. I have the meat and a bun and a half, all of my "toppings" hanging out and barely on the bun. More like sidings. This a disgrace of a buisness.It took an hour and a half for delivery or I wouldn't be as harshly reviewing here. Got a salad, wrap, burger, mozzarella sticks and two milkshakes. Wrap is soggy I guess due to how long it probably sat as well as the mozzarella sticks being cold. Bummer. Shakes are good.LOVE LOVE LOVE. 
Their old fashioned Italian hoagie is fantastic. Their wraps are so yummy. Their fricken ice cream and shakes are incredible.
Pretty much a huge menu that has almost any fried, sweet, salty goodness you could want. 
I only order from there occasionally because it isn't terribly healthy but man if you just got to have carbs or grease do it! On that note the hot dog with bacon and cooper sharp cheese is heavenly!
Every time we have company and we order out we choose Millie's and they are always happy about it. In fact we have a couple of friends that request we order from there when they come over.
Based on earlier comments I think the take away is don't go in there but do order for delivery.Ordered from here before and had a similar issue (didn't review it either). Not sure if it's because my family and I always have a big order or what but the food is always cold! We ordered at 7:45 last night a $60+ order.. my mother in law called at 8:30 to see if the order was out yet.. they told her yes. At 9pm still no food (they told us "delivery within the hour") about 9:15 food arrived- everything was cold! We ordered a order of curly fries and regular fries- they forgot the regular fries and gave us motz sticks... all of the ice cream sundaes were melted.. like water! Cheese burger, two steaks, funnel cake: cold! and chicken sandwich  with no bread.. they sent the bread! And we also asked for a bag of cheese curls (they forgot them), however the delivery driver was nice enough to run to the store on our corner and buy a bag for us! We called back and spoke with the manager on duty, in which they offered to send us the right food, but by that point we were starving and over it. The only reason I'm giving 3 stars is because I know the food is good.. they just need to work on their delivery!Ordered a cheeseburger and plain fries and received a bacon cheeseburger with cheese fries. When I called back to tell them the order was wrong about 2 seconds after the delivery driver left, they said they were closed but that they would give me a full credited refund (although offered absolutely no  proof and was rushed off of the phone before I could ask for some). After spending the next day emailing back and forth with Grubhub customer service to see if they could help me just get the money back, they said I would have to contact the restaurant itself. I finally call and talk to the owner, who proceeds to tell me no such credit exists and that we actually owe THEM for providing extra ingredients. When I told them I would be contacting the BBB, he hung up on me. This is extremely unprofessional and I am now out $30 and was unable to eat for a night. Would give 0 stars if possible.Excellent variety of sandwiches and ice cream.. I especially enjoyed the marguertia pizz which is one of my  favorites..Ordered delicious milkshakes especially the fluffernutter I was so excited for this, I have ordered food from here before they do have a good burger and the milk shakes are always deelish however when the delivery driver came before he handed me the bag he asks if the tip was on the card, I politely said yepp and he asked if I was sure then I suddenly realized how rude of a question to ask! Since when is it ok to ask for tips?! And how dare u question a paying and well tipping customer at that! Very poor attitude and manners unexceptable working in the service industry. I may never order again just for that because if I see that at my door again it won't be nice.We ordered a triple cheeseburger and a blue cheese burger with fries on Postmates. For how much they charge (11.50 for the triple cheeseburger and 12.50 for the blue burger and fries), it was horrible quality. My friend wanted a lettuce wrap instead of a bun for his triple cheese burger, and it came with three patties and lettuce. No sauce, tomatoes, and not even cheese! The blue cheese burger was also very bland considering they just put blue cheese on top of a patty and called it a day.On Saturday 5/5 ordered food received the order and noticed we did not have the order of popcorn chicken for my son. I called the store back at 8:19pm and told them we were missing something from our order they said they would send it right out. It took an hour we didn't revive the popcorn chicken until about 9:10. I would think if you messed up an order you would try to get it there faster then an hour.I ordered from this place for years, i always order ice cream, everytime i order there is always a issue, they do not take the orders correctly, or it comes delivered melted.  Recently i made a phone call to them because order was incorrect, i asked for boss, he even knows his place has an issue, he stated you always call and do this with your orders, that is 
Correct because there us always an issueTbh I only order ice cream from this place, I would not recommend this place at all. It always takes at least a hour and a half for delivery, half the time the food comes melted or at least half melted. The driver must smoke 10000 cigarettes because no matter what it smalls so bad it's actually disgusting. This place is just very disgusting and I'm not sure how they are still in business.Will wait forever for delivery!!!! Great milkshakes, but I usually only get 2 milkshakes and I've ordered from there 4 times and I know grubhub give huge time windows for delivery, but no place actually makes you wait that long!!! Millie's does. It's a little frustrating because they have great shakes so I suffer through it but it is absolutely ridiculous that it takes almost 2 hours to deliver two milkshakes a few blocks even if your busy sorry I used to be a delivery driver there's no way. Not once have I gotten an order delivered in less then an hour and a half.The Ice Cream itself is pretty good. It's not amazing like that of some of the other frozen dessert shops in the city. If you are planning on ordering from here, I recommend you physically go to the location. The delivery here is less than acceptable. I've ordered from here 4 times and each and every time it took over an hour and 40 minutes. On one occasion it took over 2 hours for the food to arrive. Here's the problematic common sensical dilemma- when you run and ice cream joint, especially in the summer months, if you take forever to deliver, the ice cream begins to melt. However, we ordered tonight and it got here in 40 minutes. So Id recommend going there if you want your ice cream cold. If you don't care about waiting and the desserts melting, take a chance on the delivery.Banana splits FTW!
Never hand a sandwich here, but have had ice cream a gazillion times.  I love it.  Very South Philly Sundae place.  If you've never been down here outside of going to SPTR you wouldn't understand.  
(btw it would be nice if someone could correct the spelling of this place)The chocolate covered strawberry shake was delicious and hit the spot. The burger was completely over cooked and so hard I threw it in the trash. Fries were edible. I would only go here for the ice cream IF I went back.I wound up here the other night completely by accident. It suddenly began pouring rain while walking down Broad, and it was the closest place to sit for a bite to eat.
Millies is certainly a unique place. It appeared very "family run" and there were about 10 people working there this quiet evening. I think they do a lot of pick-up and/or delivery orders because they seemed busy, though we were the only ones actually in the restaurant for the hour we dined. 
The menu is lengthy (ignore the menu listed here on Yelp - it's incomplete!). There are sandwiches of all sorts, fryer items, and mostly ice cream desserts! The prices are dirt cheap and the quantity and taste were excellent. I got a grilled cheese sandwich for $3, while my buddy got a large chicken parm sandwich for $9 (enough for two meals). We finished our dinner with a small ice cream... and let's just say that our entire bill amounted to what we would usually spend on an appetizer at most places!
The atmosphere is nothing fancy at all: run-down diner tables and chairs, and refrigerators full of sodas lining the wall. But, if you just want a tasty and cheap bite to eat, this place will hit the spot. Also, the staff was super friendly!I waited nearly 75 minutes for a chicken cheesesteak, fries and 2 milkshakes. Milkshakes were soup by the time they got to me- oh, and I live exactly one whole block away. Yep, ordered delivery because I have my very young niece with me and I wasn't packing her all up to go out for one block just to have to unbundle her again. I live exactly one street away from here and waited THAT long for frankly mediocre food. I know their ice cream and shakes are the thing here and if you wanna run in and grab one id be all for it. But they were literally chocolate milk by the time they made it to me1 why would you drop the order off that had milkshakes first when it's a literal block away- poor planning? Poor management? Any time I've been in here it's like 13-16 year olds running the place so maybe they just need better instructions from the adults who are supposed to be running the place? Also There was about 1/3 the amount of meat in my cheesesteak that should have actually been on there- I just shoved the other sides meat in the first half and threw the other side bun out. Ugh I've been getting Millie's and running in and out of here for over a decade and wasn't ever blown away but also wasn't so aggrieved that I'd ever leave a review until today. Maybe don't bother on the food due to wait times and lacking substance- this is a dang shame and I'm super disappointed and wish I woulda spent my $40 elsewhere.Millie's used to be amazing every time i went in or ordered ice cream. Now everytime I order, the order is NEVER right! This weekend i ordered ice cream (after saying to myself "give it another chance") and paid extra for toppings but aure enough when it got delievered it was missing toppings. The staff are too young and more worried about aitting around gossiping then actually working. Im done ordering from Millie's!Happy with the delivery time, but disappointed in the sandwich.
We ordered a burger/fries and chicken cutlet hoagie for delivery through Grub Hub. After ordering, we were told our delivery would take an hour and a half, so we were pleasantly surprised when it arrived within 45 minutes. The burger was good, but the chicken sandwich, which the menu said comes with lettuce and tomato, came completely plain.
I'm not saying lettuce and tomato would save the world, but it wouldn't take much to dress this sandwich up. And if the menu is wrong, someone should fix that.This place looks like your typical corner store from the outside, and pretty much on the inside, too, but the staff is nice, there are a ton of options, and they will give you more ice cream than you know what to do with.  Seriously, it took me 3 days to eat a kiddie sized cup.  I'm looking forward to making more stops here.This place has really gone downhill. No management. I don't know if it's the kitchen who cannot get orders right or the girls answering the phone but it's very confusing to me on how they manage to mess up EVERY SINGLE ORDER. Simple order of mozz sticks, chicken fingers and a club sandwich. This is a picture of the "6" piece chicken fingers. More like 2 and 1 half eaten one. Learned my lesson. Much better options in south philly so keep looking and don't order here :)Picked up an order tonight, something I do regularly. A needle fell out of the pocket of the female employee that was handing me the order.Place is disgusting. We ordered delivery and the first thing was fried pickles. This is them. A total mess and drenched in oil. Didnt taste any better than it looks either. Guess this is why this is the only local business that puts commercials on tv; they get no return business or word of mouth customers. Rest of the meal was blah too by the way.Will never EVER go or order from here again we were very loyal customers. They have always screwed up our orders no matter what we ordered and no matter how many times we ordered, but we always continued to order from them. Recently my family went to put in order and they told us that they will no longer deliver to us !! Have you never heard of such a thing? Well they just screwed themselves cause they just lost customers and I will continue to tell people not to order from there.Ordered chicken fingers from here that came with a side of buffalo sauce. Made with real breast meat, but not so big. Thin pieces with a tasty breading and lots of sauce. Pick up was a little disorganized. but in general, average quality for fried stuff.This is a typical side ice cream shop. Nothing too special other than their milkshakes and ice cream (breyers is to die for). Their food is good too. Some are a bit pricy for what you get but oh well. Customer service isn't the greatest. A couple of the girls who work aren't friendly and speak very monotone and mumble :/ but some of the girls there are very sweet. This is an okay establishment.This review is only for the ice cream - I have never had food from here.
First off - who even TRIES to put an ice cream cone in a bag.  I mean, seriously?  If I order a cone of cherry vanilla, please hand me my cone with a napkin, don't man-handle it into a brown paper bag!
My roommate has gone here a handful of times and the girls are always rude to him.
Staff - not the best
Ice cream - tasty, but please hand it to me!This place used to be great now it is the worst place in the world to order ice cream from !!!! I've been ordering ice cream from them for years but now the past 3 times they can't get a simple order correct or delivered before ice cream MELTS !!! Don't waste your craving on them  it's slop . Find a alternative ice cream Poler for delivery.Millie's has been a great place to eat since my youth 1980, when I was just 12 years old.  The food is awesome.    I happen to know the people who make the foods and they have a great deal more experience.   The owner is very conscientious about customer service and his customers' satisfaction is a priority to him. The only thing that keeps me from giving the establishment a 5 is that the workers taking down my order have often made mistakes (it's usually the same girl) who tries to do too much at once (i.e. talking to her coworkers while taking down the order).  For this reason, I find dining in a better experience than ordering delivery from there.
Linda Q.Good, but, not absolutely the best food. Not sure what everybody else ordered but my diablo sandwich was tasty and very spicy. Jalapenos galore if you you're not the type to like too much heat on top of the pepperjack cheese. My only other complaint is that our order took over an hour. We live in South Philly so it's not like they were clueless about where our house was. 
Would get food again, but, think think takeout might be a better route.Solid neighborhood spot. Good cheesesteaks and good ice cream. Good variety of things for a decent price.Went to Millie's for a b&w milk shake for mom and saw on the outside a sign that said"masks required to enter."   I had a mask affixed tightly to my face, entered the premises to see a white male customer in his 60s or 70s waiting for his order to be filled.  He had no mask on.
Two young women were working the ice cream counter and the register. The female on the register had her mask on her neck, below her chin, not covering her nose or mouth.  The young lady working the ice cream counter had her mask so loosely affixed to her face, that you could see clearly a one-inch gap completely around both sides of the mask, so her nose and mouth were clearly visible, rendering the "mask" completely ineffective.
At the end of the counter were two other gentleman, one in front of the counter, either a customer or a friend of a gentleman behind the counter. The man behind the counter appeared to work there or was the owner.  He had no mask on, talking loudly within two feet of where the ice cream was stored, touching his face frequently.  The man in front of the counter in his early 20s  also had no mask on at all.
The delivery boy had what looked like a scarf loosely affixed to his face, but by the time he retrieved his delivery order and passed by me, his scarf was down around his neck with his nose and mouth completely exposed as well.
One other gentleman working behind the counter had a mask on over his mouth and nose and affixed properly.
That means 6 of the 8 people in that very small store had no face coverings or had masks that were not serving as masks on their persons;  4 employees and 2 customers.  The other two people, myself and the one gentleman behind the counter were in compliance.
Please tell me what is the point of having requirements if businesses are not going to follow them.   Enter at your own risk.Read this, had I read the others I would have saved 45$ and 3 hours. I placed a delivery order, two burgers, pretzel bites and fries. They offer a three cheese and bacon fry with ranch, I asked no ranch please, and sodas. Simple order. The site I had found rated this business great for delivery. Over an hour after my order had been confirmed a man called and asked for my cross streets. Where I live this could mean a few because my street breaks off and picks up, I was telling him and he simply hung up on me. I wrongly assumed that with GPS and my address and phone number this would be enough to find me.
45 minutes after that a delivery person arrived with all cold food and left, but I immediately found that the order was wrong.
They sent two orders of fries, both burned, one covered in the ranch dressing I asked to leave off, and was actually printed on my slip to leave off, and another with only one cheese. 
I called them and told them what was going on and was interrupted by the girl with OH! THAT'S WHERE THE OTHER FRY WENT!  My address was written on everything. I said look, it's all cold, these are burned, I just want the right fries. She had to talk to her boss. Apparently it was approved to give me the right fries ONLY if I gave the other ones back. I said absolutely. Why do I want cold, burned, wrong fries? Half an hour later a guy came and stood with a bag behind his back until I handed him the other fries, which were bagged and ready for him, and he said here and left. I opened them to see, no bacon. Still not the right fries. It's really this hard to get one of your basic menu items correct?
I will never order from here again, there are far too many places around happy to be polite and that can get a  order correct. A little customer service goes a very long way.I ordered from Millie's on two separate occasions before deciding to write a review and my experience with Millie's was the same each time.
First of all, the food took FOREVER to be delivered. After waiting nearly 90 minutes I called Millie's and I was told
that the food was on its way. Nearly 20 minutes later the food arrived but I was given the wrong food. I called Millie's to let them know that I was shorted an order of fries, the burger was the wrong one and one of the milkshakes were missing but after waiting nearly 2 hours, I was out of patience so I told the person at Millie's to forget it and I'll just keep what was delivered.
DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE !!!!! They are incredibly unprofessional and they are not capable of producing (and delivering) a product worth your money.
I am giving Millie's 1 star because the one milkshake they did deliver wasn't terrible. It's a shame that this place doesn't care more about the food they make or the customers they serve. 
Shame on you Millie's !!!!No masks, no hand washing, young girls behind the counter too close!!  Didn't want my ice cream after I saw that!!!I wish that I can give no stars, but there is no option. I placed an order for a pizza and broccoli bites. Them knowing they didn't have any broccoli bites still charged my card for them, then stated they tried to call my phone to inform me that they didn't have them, and never called but yet still charged my credit card knowing that they didn't have any broccoli bites. Then my pizza came almost 2 hours late. So my pizza tasted like a frozen pizza from the frozen food section, and when I called with my complaint's. The manager told me I will get my refund and that's it and thats all. Then they tried to lie and said that my son who received the food from the delivery guy told the delivery guy that we knew that there were no broccoli bites because we received a call, which was a bold face lie, but you still charged my card. Great customer service Millie's. This place is a entire JOKE. Worst customer service ever.