Miss Rachel's Pantry did the catering for our wedding. My husband and I loved the food, especially the empanadas and the gnocchi in cream sauce. The guests all enjoyed the food and many of them raved about it! While we were planning everything, MRP was super helpful and made getting all of the catering-related stuff pretty stress free. I highly recommend hiring them to cater your next event!!This place is great, lots of us South Philly Vegan's have known for a long time how amazing Miss Rachael's food is, but they've definitely out done themselves.  This place is beautiful and the perfect place to sit and drink a coffee and eat a cinnamon bun or one of the many other delicious treats they have made fresh that day! Perfect space for the Perfect place!!I finally got around to trying the dishes here, and they definitely did not disappoint.  Everyone agreed that the enchilada casserole was delicious, especially with the generous topping of cashew cream, which gave it a slightly nutty flavor boost.  The tempeh chili filling was slightly spicy and very robust, which paired nicely with the soy cheese and cream; it doesn't taste like or try to taste like meat so be aware of that.  We also had the sweet potato bisque, which was creamy and savory, with just a tiny hint of curry.  Try it with a Sarcone's roll.  I am not a vegan but if I could eat Miss. Rachel's cooking everyday, I would definitely consider drastically altering my lifestyle.  Just be sure to get in your order the week before and arrange for a pick-up (or delivery if you are lucky enough to live close by).Had dinner last night at the Farm Table Saturday night dinner. Was terrific! Loved the food and since you sit at a communal table, it's great fun to meet new people and just talk about food! Was a whole cross section of people of all ages so it was really interesting all the different conversations we had. It's BYOB so that was really nice so you could bring your own wine (or beer) based on the menu that was posted online in the morning and be able to really enjoy the wine you like the most with the type of food being service.
The food was really, really good! I was so stuff by the end of the meal that I felt like I needed to be rolled out of there! :) Each course of the meal had two options so my dinner companion and I selected one of each so we got to try everything that was on the menu which was wonderful! The food, the atmosphere, the service were all first rate. I would highly recommend Miss Rachel's Pantry and it's a great place for celebrations! There was one couple that just got engaged and three people at the table having birthdays so it was really fun!
I'm not good at describing food, I just know what I like and what I don't and I loved everything that was served last night. Will definitely be back!Nothing in this world is better than Miss Rachel's food. From happy and hungry, to sick and pregnant, this place holds up.Miss Rachel's Pantry catered our wedding at the German Society and we cannot say enough good about their food, service and kindness.  Rachel and Nichole (event planner) are awesome people who truly cared about us and our day.  People, both vegans and non vegans alike, have been raving about the food since the wedding.  Check our their hearts of palm and artichoke "crab" cake bites - they are our favorite!  The gnocchi are also delicious.
We love Rachel's new storefront too!  Sticky buns, coffee, spreads - everything is delicious.  Thank you to the team for putting so much love into our day and the food!I have been to Miss Rachel's twice for dinner now. Both times -- amazing! I would definitely recommend her place. It's a nice, cozy atmosphere and the seating arrangement is very intimate. You need to make reservations in advance, so don't expect to just "pop in," though. She also does catering, which is really nice for folks that work in the city!I am literally eating Rachel's food as I type this. Tofu banh mi, sweet potato bisque, parfait with fruit...all of it vegan...all of it full of delicious flavor...
I'm not even vegan and I love this stuff!
Rachel delivers the food personally and is the most cheerfully sweet woman in the whole world. I'm super jealous of her cute red glasses, too!
There's always a few main courses to choose from, with some delicious soup and a sweet treat to end the meal. I've gotten other foods from her before...including a gluten free sandwich (I'm also not gluten-free, but decided to try it) and I think I liked her gluten free bread more than normal bread!
This lady knows how to do alternative foods and make them even BETTER than non-vegan foods. Finally, someone who doesn't have to sacrifice flavor for a vegan food!
Whenever I can order lunch from Rachel is a treat!We had their five course me for my birthday last year and it was out of this world. They are super friendly and accommodating to allergies too.Dear Miss Rachel,
I would like you to be my new best friend, please. I'll just put on my vintage dresses & come sit in your Pantry amongst your beautiful decor & vintage Pyrex & skip & frolic & eat your yummy vegan food & be happy. 
Thank you for everything you made for Kiera's birthday party. It was a lovely brunch & I'm totally obsessed with your blueberry muffins...I had 2...maybe 3? I practically licked my plate after the nut cheeses, I loved the French toast, & the strawberry shortcake was fantastic. I might have to copy Kiera when my birthday comes along.
Thank you again, Miss Rachel. And I'm serious about the new best friend request. We should totally hang out.
Love,
LJThis place was wonderful! I'm not even vegan, and i can't wait  to go back. 
Adorable space makes you feel like you're in someone's dining room. Great service.
Best of all was the amazing food.  Better than most of the food I've tasted in some of Philly's "best" restaurants.
This is a "must" for vegans in Philly and a "should" for open minded non vegans.Totally wonderful! Miss Rachel's catered our wedding. Our guests loved the food (vegans and non-vegans) and Nichole and Rachel were a total pleasure to work with from day one. We especially loved the vegan mac n cheese and anything they do with seitan. Can't wait till we get to eat this food again!!My boyfriend is vegan and I wanted to treat him to a nice restaurant for his birthday. After doing some research and seeing rave reviews for Miss Rachel's Pantry, I decided to give this place a try. It sounded like such a unique experience to have an all vegan pre-fix dinner that only takes place a few days a week. What made the experience even more unique and special was the kind and courteous Chef, Miss. Rachel. When I decided to bring a birthday cake to dinner, but didn't know were to find vegan desserts, she recommended multiple options for me and helped make planning the occasion easier.
Beyond having great customer service,  the food at dinner was AMAZING! My boyfriend and I were very impressed. Every bite was decedent and the cozy ambiance of the dinning space made for a very special night.  I am so grateful for the experience and would highly recommend everyone, even if you aren't vegan, to try this place. Thank you,  Rachel!!!Everyone has to try the Saturday Farmhouse table dinners, we did one recently and everything served was absolutely amazing and the best Vegan food! We also love coming for Friday Saturday Sunday breakfast and lunch and have been to several parties catered by Miss Rachael's Pantry and it has all been great!  The BBQ Seitan, grilled cheese and vegan crab cakes have been just a few of my favorite things!! But seriously book a Saturday dinner, meal at home or stop by he cafe and you will absolutely not regret itBest grilled cheese I've ever ever ever had! My mouth is watering. The pastries we're fucking amazing. If i could live here I would.Great food. Miss Rachel and the other staff are extremely friendly! Love the people and the food!I went for my birthday and it was one of the best meals I've ever had! The Saturday supper was so enjoyable.  Each of the courses were bursting with flavor.  I find myself repeatedly describing each course to anyone who will listen.  So delish!We ordered three entrees from Miss Rachel's Pantry and were extremely impressed. I have never had vegan french toast before, and was a little worried when I first saw it, but after the first bite I was sold. It would be nice if there was a restaurant instead of just catering and meal delivery, but all in all I was very impressed. Can't wait to order again and try something new!This place is amazing vegan or not. Chain there for a special Italian dinner night. There must have been some kind of witch craft  to make beets tastes like pepperoni wow. I mean the pizza was amazing. So was the salad just everything was just wonderful. So fresh you can tell the ingredients were fresh. You've got to try this place for their special dinner or their take out it's amazing.It's so adorable that I want to give this place hugs and kisses and eat breakfast here every morning.  The food is so clearly made by someone who loves what they do.   It's delicious, homey and just right.  The staff is friendly and personable.  The space is airy and fresh feeling .  It's such a nice place to spend time.  I highly recommend you go there and give everyone and everything hugs and kisses.  With their consent of course.Miss Rachel really knows what she's doing with comfort food. This might be some of the most soulful vegan food I have ever had the pleasure of purchasing.    
Potato onion knishes were so, so good. Tasted like the best pierogi topped with caramelized onion I have ever eaten but wrapped up into the form of a knish.
The matzoh ball soup is amazing. Both the broth and the balls. Note that I'm a longtime vegan, and I've never had nonveg matzoh balls, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. So good though! 
The Jewish apple cake was so perfect and delicious.
I'm so glad Miss Rachel's Pantry has the luncheonette going. This is the kind of place teenage me dreamt of owning, and I'm glad someone is doing it way better than I ever could.If you have never had an intimate dinner at Miss Rachel's pantry, like me until this week, you are missing out on a special sweet spot in Philadelphia.  Miss Rachel's offers a wonderful intimate dinner for you and your closest friends or you and some folks you may wish were your closest friends. The food is unbeatable.  Miss Rachel and her staff are unbelievably gracious.  And the setting is lovely. Honestly, it is like being an invited guest to a lovely home with the best food imaginable.  I don't know what else to say. Check out her website and sign up for dinner, go on a friday and just have tea and treats, or hire her to cater you next dinner. You will not regret it.I've enjoyed her lunch club deliveries on several occasions and am so so psyched for the upcoming cafe on Passyunk! Super sweet lady, even sweeter food. 'nuff said.I first met Miss Rachel when she catered a party I attended. It was all vegan, but I don't think the omnivores even noticed; everyone was busy enjoying the food.
Last year, I heard that she was doing pre-fab Christmas dinners. We have one vegan in the family and everyone else is open to vegan food, so I went for it and am so happy I did. Rachel (and/or her staff) were responsive and helpful, the food was a hit, the reheating instructions were thorough and we had lots of leftovers. I don't remember the price - it was a fixed menu and priced per person - but it was about what I spent on groceries for the same group at Thanksgiving and I didn't have to cook it myself.How do I describe the awesomeness of Miss Rachel's Pantry?!   I suppose I should start at the beginning.
Last year I got engaged.  My now husband and I are both vegan, so we wanted to be sure that there were some good options for us to eat at our wedding.  After some research, and having more than one venue show us a picture of a portobello mushroom and a carrot slice as their vegan option, we decided we needed a caterer who got it.  We researched options and visited Miss Rachel's place in Philly last summer.  She said she could do a tasting for us, but what she meant was that she was making us a huge place of ridiculously amazing food that would wow us and convince us of what we had lurking in the back of our minds all along:  our whole wedding, which was a reflection of us as a couple, can and should be vegan.
During the planning phase of the wedding, Rachel was very responsive, so thoughtful, and just generally all-around awesome.  She helped us think of ways to finesse the menu to get exactly what we wanted.  I have an allergy to hot peppers and my husband avoids gluten. Rachel was more than willing to work around those things and made lots of suggestions for modifying menu options.  Last December, she drove down from Philadelphia (about an hour away) to visit our venue and see the set up there.  I'm pretty sure we sent her about a billion emails over this past year and she answered every single one quickly and always with a "no problem, we can do this or this....".  It set our minds at ease and reassured us that we were making the right decision to have a vegan wedding (despite grumpy omnivorous relatives' opinions!)
The day of our wedding, Rachel and her staff made sure that my husband and I were fed (both the appetizers and plates of food).  They worked like a well-oiled machine.  Many of our guests made sure to let me know just how great they were.  Several guests also mentioned that Rachel and her staff were available in the buffet line to thoroughly explain what everything was.   One guest, who months ago told me that she "didn't eat vegan food", called my name at the reception and yelled out, "I don't know what this tempeh stuff is but it's REALLY good!".  It made my night.   Rachel sent us home with the leftovers from the buffet, which were still as delicious as they were at the wedding.
We had the pleasure of going to one of Miss Rachel's Farmhouse Table Dinners when we got back from our honeymoon.  I can't recommend this enough!  The setting is warm and cozy, the food is mind-blowing, and the company was so interesting.  I will be dreaming about the fettuccine alfredo with mushroom "scallops" for a long time to come!  
Thank you, thank you, thank you to Rachel and her staff for making our dream of a delicious vegan wedding come true!  We will definitely be back the next time we are in Philly.  With food that good, we won't be able to stay away!Now that Miss Rachel opened up her cafe I couldn't be more thrilled. This place is adorable! Even though her BBQ sandwich has always been my favorite, recently I've been addicted to her tofu scrambler platter. It comes with a big biscuit, potatoes, and fruit. It's the perfect way to start off a weekend morning.
And everything is priced right. I'm so sick of paying extra for seitan and tofu options. Brunch for 2 for $20? Awesome!
Tip: It's BYOBThis may be the fastest turnaround on a review I've ever written, or will ever write. As I sit here at my desk completely satiated, I cannot remember a more unique "dining" experience than with Miss Rachel.
First off, let me tell you: this woman is AMAZING! I'd been reading reviews and following her weekly "lunch club" offerings for some time, always swearing I'd put in my order the next week. Well, seeing as today was slated to be a beautiful day, I thought this would be the perfect food option for a picnic in the park. Little did I know this was also the one week where the lunch club was on hiatus. Without realizing this, however, I emailed Miss Rachel to see what this weeks options were. She informed me that the weekly delivers were not happening, but immediate proposed that she could still cook me up something so my picnic wouldn't be a bust.
After a string of pleasant emails, she'd gone so far as to offer a complete meal: sandwiches, sides, dessert, and even drinks to make this day work. I have never felt so accommodated by someone before in my life. She even drove the food out to West Philly, on her day off, to make this happen.
As for the food: out of this world. All the vegan naysayers, you don't know what you're missing. And that's fine, because that means more for me. BBQ seitan sandwiches, fresh guacamole with carrots, chickpea "tuna" salad on celery, potato salad, apples, and PB "buckeyes" -- I kept reaching into the bag, and the food just kept coming. She even let me keep her reusable grocery bag! 
I can't explain how satisfied I was with this meal. I can't wait to become a regular customer when the lunch club starts back up (hopefully!) next week. Definitely give this woman your business, you won't be disappointed. 
Oh yea, and the picnic was a huge hit with the lady-friend. 
Thanks for your help, Rachel :-)My husband and I first tasted Miss Rachel's cooking at a wedding we attended that she had catered. The reception was carnival-themed and the delicious fried pickles, waffle-battered "chicken", root-beer marinated "pulled pork" were just some of the creative highlights she came up with.
When planning a surprise party for my husband, I knew she would be the one I wanted to do the catering. I explained to her the concept (an outdoor BBQ picnic in a park) and she developed a menu that went above and beyond anything I could have envisioned. Guests noshed on coconut "bacon" & tomato turnovers, guacamole dip, a beautiful fresh fruit tray, BBQ pulled seitan, teriyaki tofu skewers, coleslaw, and rosemary-cranberry potato salad.
We had a range of guests from meat-eaters to vegetarians to vegans and the spread appeased all. Not only that, but there was SO MUCH food! 
Rachel was so great to work with. She is so sweet and thoughtful. If I ever need a caterer again, I will be using her again. If you have any event, Rachel is so creative she can design and execute a great menu.Does Rachel need yet another 5 star review? Yes, yes she does. In fact I am eating the left over BBQ seitan from my wedding this weekend as I type. Rachel embodies not only superb vegan delights but also a rare quality in business: consideration and care. She came and fed a mostly meat eating crowd of 50 plus for the wedding and even the servers she brought were professional and inobtrusive.
I told her how much I loved and adored that BBQ sauce and she included a whole pint of it just for me as she was packing up the left overs. I told her I needed a hip flask in jest... yet I received. Not to mention she is a total cutie patootie straight from my 1950s loving heart. 
My step dad was like, "wha? that wasnt chicken?" LOVE it!
My husband and I aim to support this business which is just so special and so personalized and heart felt. We hope you will too. There are not enough businesses like this anymore.Vegan comfort food in an beautiful sunny space with charming decor! Lots of great sandwich choices, cookies and other desserts, super-friendly service and good prices. Can't wait to go back again!Since my last review, Miss Rachel has opened a storefront and is open for breakfast and lunch a few days per week, and for prix fixe, reservation-required dinners. I've only been for lunch but I love this place SO MUCH. The location isn't convenient for me, otherwise I'd be there all the time. I can't even recommend anything in particular, because everything I've tried has been terrific. 
If you're looking to win a skeptical omnivore over to the possibility that vegan food can be delicious, this belongs on the list, along with Vedge, V Street and Blackbird.Rachel brought a brown paper bagged lunch to my office today and it was a-ma-zing. Tofu banh mi, alphabet soup, and brownies. All delicious. And a friendly lady bringing you a brown bag lunch just feels like mom, assuming my mom were someone slightly younger than me. 
I'm not vegan, just someone who wants to eat less meat and dairy. This is food is not good, considering it's vegan. It's just good. 
Rachel, I'm Julie. You'll be seeing a lot of me!We went for the 6 course dinner... If you have the chance, DO THIS. I don't know how she makes all this amazing vegan food, but it was so delicious. They have everything worked out really well, the courses come out one right after another and your wine glass will be constantly refilled by the server (it's BYO). Don't be afraid to ask for to-go containers to take home anything you can't finish (or the biscuits on the table!) Overall the dinner was a wonderful and highly recommended experience. I definitely hope to be back to try this again sometime.I went to Miss Rachel's Pantry for lunch yesterday, and I think it might have been the best food I've ever eaten in my life. When we came in, we hadn't made a reservation, so there was a wait to be seated. Then, as we were newbies, we didn't know that the menu was up front and that you had to order at the register, so we waited a good 15 minutes for someone to bring us a menu. And then, when we finally figured out how to order, they were out of french toast, and the food took forever to come out! But OH MY GOD the food was phenomenal. I would have waited all day for food like that. We ordered the grilled cheese, the sloppy whoa, and the seitan knish. The sloppy whoa was really good, and the seitan knish was excellent, but the grilled cheese stuffed with pesto mac and cheese on homemade challah bread is now the stuff of my fantasies. Best Thing I've Ever Eaten. The person I was with agreed with me, and we were fighting over it. Tried to order another one, but they were all sold out!!! And, to apologize for the wait we experienced, as well as the sold out items, the really sweet server brought us a cinnamon sticky bun, which was also SO GOOD. So we will be back. It's a 45 minute train ride from where we live, and then a half hour bus, but it's worth every second of travel time. I can't recommend it enough. GET THE GRILLED CHEESE.Last night while I was speaking with my friend about how much i love rachel i realized the exact reason why:  Dining with miss rachel is like having a built in best friend who happens to be the most fabulous chef ever.  She crafts everything with care and spares no detail.  I ordered a casserole from her maybe a month ago and she omitted the potatoes and added quinoa - something i didnt even think of!  she said "i've noticed you've been on a quinoa kick, so i made the substitution." - best customer service! 
her place isnt just a restaurant its a home away from home, and her catering isnt just food delivered its delicious elegance wrapped with love. 
im having a hard time reading the low star reviews it seems that haters love to hate.  rachel excels immensely at what she does, and to the people who don't get it, well they probably never will.Rachel is almost too good to be true!  We first found Miss Rachel's Pantry when looking for vegan catering for a party we were having at our house for about 30 friends and family.  Rachel's site and her delicious menu quickly rose to the top of our must-try list.
I sent Rachel an email and soon we had forgotten all about the party and were living the dream, working out details for delicious weekday dinners prepared by someone who is so considerate and flexible that we felt as if we had somehow acquired our very own personal vegan chef.
Rachel offers casseroles in two sizes (4 and 8 servings) and individual meals.  We started off trying the Ziti casserole with homemade marinara, zucchini and eggplant, daiya vegan cheese, and cashew creme.  This dish is deliciously rich, with the cheese and homemade sauce blending into that perfect baked ziti combination of tart tomato and creamy cheese.  
Not only was the ziti super-tasty, but we reveled in the fact that we had each returned home from work after 7pm, and we still were able to have dinner on the table by 7:30.  This sure beat ordering takeout and feeling guilty about the veggies from whole foods rotting in the bottom drawer!
Think of the chef at your favorite vegan restaurant.  Now imagine them ten times nicer and more approachable.  Now imagine that you could email them some vague musings about how you'd like to lower your cholesterol and still have delicious dinners that you could warm up at home in 20 minutes.  Two days later they drop off casseroles with BBQ seitan, collard greens, creamy mashed potatoes (made with low fat soy milk), and all kinds of other goodness.   Rachel will make all of this happen, deliver your meals with super-easy heating instructions, and never fail to follow-up to see how you enjoyed those dishes.
(Can you tell we're thrilled?)
Now that we're hooked and ordering three casseroles per week, our party finally rolled around and there was no doubt in our mind that we would rely on Rachel to make savory 'cakes' for our cake party.
Rachel made us vegan 'crab' cakes with hearts of palm, lightly breaded risotto cakes with vegan meat and daiya cheese, and polenta cakes with chipotle aioli.   Of our 30 guests, only 6 of us were vegetarian, and yet Rachel's cakes flew off their platters.   The hearts of palm cakes were crispy, light, and super easy to heat up for the party.  The risotto cakes were what 'fried mac-and-cheese' at restaurants always promises but never delivers; delicately crispy on the outside with a velvety smooth filling.  What more could you ask for in a party food?
Thanks to Rachel our weekday dinners (and lunches of leftovers) are tastier, healthier, and require less prep than ever before!Rachel is the absolute best. I'd recently switched to a vegan diet, so thought it would be a good idea to order Rachel's vegan dinner so that I'd only need to warm it once I got home as I continue to learn what I do and do not like about vegan food. My first ordered I got the BBQ Seitan with "mac and cheese" and brussel sprouts. I loved everything but I wasn't a huge fan of the mac but as I explained to Rachel, that's person based on the fact that I haven't found a mock cheese that I like to date vs it simply not being good. 
Rachel let me know that I can tell her about  the things I enjoy or do not enjoy so that she can customize my order. Also when I first emailed Rachel my order I happened to mention I was eating a vegan diet to focus on eating healthier and also currently seeking to lose weight. So she included an estimation of calories and WW points for me! 
Great personality, wonderful food, delivers to me what more could I ask for?My GF and I were here for a prix fixe Valentine's Day Dinner and it was pretty amazing.  I'm super new to the vegan thing and I was surprised how tasty everything was.  The service was awesome, too!We had another fantastic time at miss Rachel's pantry. The food and intimate setting makes for a wonderful dining experience. We came exactly a year ago for my husband's birthday and this is quickly becoming a tradition. All the food is made with such delicate thought and consideration, it's  rare to find!  Again I'm not vegan or even vegetarian and I loved it. Everything was incredibly unique and delicious... See my photos!We came here for a 6-course Saturday dinner to celebrate our anniversary.  My husband was hesitant about the farmhouse table seating thing, but wound up having the best time.  The group that night were from all different backgrounds, age ranges and food preferences.  Hipsters, yuppies and even conspiracy theorist crunchy granola weirdos like myself.  The waiter (I wish I remembered his name!) was so nice and very attentive.  Each course both looked and tasted amazing.  Yes, it's small plates, but I was so stuffed by the time dessert rolled around, I gave half of mine to my husband.  He eats enough for two people and he didn't need to stop for a bite after, so all you big eaters should be fine.  It's BYOB which is great.  Parking took a bit of time to find something on street, but there is a garage a few blocks down.  We got lucky that we were able to get tickets a few days prior, but these dinners usually sell out quickly, so get your tickets early.Rachel is going to get sick of me telling her how great she and her crew is, so this is not for her, it is for you, reader!
Miss Rachel's Pantry catered our June 21, 2015 wedding, and it was a dream come true. The MRP crew cooked their whole hearts into this meal, and our guests who were vegan where thrilled--our guests who were not were "shocked at how good the food is!"
In the Spring, Rachel sent us a proposed menu which we said "hm, maybe more summer?" An hour later she sent back an email with a completely new menu designed for Summer, with the details (lavender, Old Bay) that were important to my wife and I. She said "I want your food to be perfect--this is beyond your price point, but I want it to be ideal!" What a wedding gift.
Carley baked a bazillion vegan pies for our dessert. Delicious, delicious pie that I got to eat leftovers of after the wedding while I sat in the hotel and searched for pictures on Instagram. The only thing that helped us come off our wedding high was that pie!
Rachel and Nicole were patient with my wife and I and with our families. My mother ended up thrifting all the china for the wedding, and Nicole went 10 rounds with us as we tried to make sure we had all the dishes we needed. 
So glad to have had these megababes that look like 1950s dreamboats (that will beat you up if you're mean to a cow or piggie) cater our wedding. Here's to many more reasons to celebrate around their farm table!I've had Miss Rachel's food on three separate occasions, three separate ways. She's definitely near the top of my list of vegan chefs in the Philadelphia area. 
My first time sampling Miss Rachel's food was the most underwhelming. We ordered two catered items for Thanksgiving: seitan turkey with mushroom gravy and stuffing. I'm no huge fan of seitan, but the turkey was alright. The mushroom gravy was quite good. The stuffing was incredibly dull and tasteless. I would hope for something a little more interesting than white bread chunks with celery and a little spice. Maybe some cranberries and walnuts? There are way more interesting stuffing recipes out there. The meal was $70 which was a little on the pricey side for the food quality. But again, it was all uphill after this experience. 
My second time at Miss Rachel's was for a surprise birthday party for a friend of mine, given by her boyfriend. We subsidized the party at $15 per person, but I'm sure he paid quite a bit more for appetizers, lemonade, vegan cheese and desserts. This time, the food was amazing. I really dug the little vegan crab cakes and the chipotle hummus. Really interesting stuff. There was a vegan cheese plate, but I missed most of it because other party goers inhaled it. Everything was fabulous and the space was great for a small party of friends and family.
The third time was this past weekend, for the Saturday farm table meal. At $45, plus tax and tip, this is a pricey meal, but I'm guessing that Miss Rachel makes a tiny margin cooking for small crowds. We had to book it about 2 months in advance because it is a popular meal. I went with two friends and my husband and we were joined by a few strangers (or new friends!) including some folks from the Humane League which was very cool. My husband and I started by splitting a mushroom tart and a tempeh taco. The mushroom tart was absolutely drool worthy and possibly my favorite part of the meal. Next up, my husband and I each got the arugula salad which was fresh and lightly dressed, and pretty good. We each also ordered the potato-based lasagna with "late summer vegetables." It was mostly potato, but the taste was okay and the vegan ricotta was out of this world. Unfortunately, this course was cold when we got it. Finally, for dessert, we split the peanut butter s'more and the zucchini bread sundae. All I could taste on the s'more was the peanut butter and it was not my favorite. The sundae, however, was fantastic, and the ice cream and fennel cream were incredibly decadent. Overall, a great meal. I think coffee should be included in the cost of the meal, but it is not. We ended up paying about $60 each, including tip and coffee. That price is a little much for the food, but worthwhile for the experience.
I definitely would return here for catering (not Thanksgiving), takeout, or a party. The farmhouse dinner was worth a single trip but a bit pricey for me to return. The food is wonderful and Miss Rachel is a gem.Fantastic group of people and delicious food. I've worked with Miss Rachel's catering team several times and they are by far one of my favorites. Rachel and Nichole are true professionals.I don't know if there's enough room here to write about how unbelievably amazing this vegan restaurant is! The food here is so unique and always absolutely delicious. And the owner, Rachel is not only an incredible chef but one of the sweetest people you will meet. She works to hard to make you feel at home when you enter her restaurant. She takes the time after each of her dinners to acknowledge and thank everyone who comes out to eat at her restaurant. She truly takes the time to make you feel special. Every detail that goes into her dinners is noticed - from the adorable farmhouse table set-up, to the lit candles all around the restaurant, to the beautiful linens, to the phenomenal wait staff, to the old fashioned music playing during dinner - and just the all around cozy atmosphere makes you feel at home. If you are vegan, vegetarian, or open to trying new types of food, you should truly try Miss Rachel's Pantry :)I ordered the Very Vegan Valentine's Day dinner for two and also attended a party catered exclusively by Miss Rachel, and let me tell you, this lady knows what she's doing! 
I was nervous to order Valentine's Day dinner from someone whose food I'd never tried before, but Miss Rachel came highly recommended, so I gave it a shot. The price was just right ($60 for soup, appetizer, entree, and dessert for two) and she personally delivered it right to the door, explaining the super simple reheating instructions to me. We were able to have a romantic night in and avoid the crowds and possible poor service. The food was top notch. I was especially blown away by the thickest, creamiest vegan whipped cream I've ever had, which topped an amazing dessert (my boyfriend's favorite part of the meal!). 
I was even more impressed by the spread at the party she catered. Her vegan brie was a happy surprise (I hope she'll include a lesson on that at one of her cooking classes!), and my boyfriend and I loved her sandwiches, summer rolls, and mushroom dumplings. The non-veg guests raved about her quesadillas; they seemed genuinely surprised that vegan food could be so tasty. In my book, knocking the socks off of meat eaters with vegan food is an accomplishment.
On top of it all, Rachel is super sweet and friendly, someone I'm glad to support. Lucky for us, it seems Rachel has found a spot to host weekly dinners and special events. According to her Facebook page, we'll be able to enjoy that in May, and I can't wait!Because of Miss Rachels food,  l'm a vegan wanna-be!  l never thought l could enjoy a meal w/o meat OR dairy but she made it impossibly easy!  l've had the pleasure of enjoying her food at least a dozen times  & everything from the mac n cheese  to her fried "chicken"  rocks!I am in love with their new location. It is adorable and perfect and it is everything I have ever wanted. Knishes, scramble pockets, quiche! Brownies, sticky buns, boston creme cake! FANCY CHEESE! Coffee! Cookies! Smiling faces! I LOVE IT!I'm having a hard time writing this review.  I really wanted to love Miss Rachel's Pantry.  Almost everyone else seems aglow with their experience so I'm wondering if I missed something.  But there were three of us there, and we all weren't dazzled, so here we go.
I was very excited to be going to Miss Rachel's Pantry as I had never seen a vegan restaurant serve crab cakes before.  Tuna, sure - but never crab cakes.  Being a huge seafood lover prior to going veggie meant that I miss steamed King crab, a local favorite back home, so I knew that the Crabbie was going to be mine before we got anywhere near this place.  One day during our visit to Philly we made our way to the very cute and clean restaurant and order.  One Crabbie, one Barb, both to share (we wanted to save room for dessert after!).  Our orders come and we all try the Crabbie.  Neither of my 2 friends like it so it's all mine.  It's ok, so I'm eating it and trying to figure out what it actually tastes like.  One of my friends steals the top of my Crabbie sandwich as she says the bun on it is better than what's on the Barb.  I try her bun and sure enough it's dry and harder while the Crabbie bun is softer and has a sweeter flavor.  So now I'm chewing on my open-face Crabbie trying to place the flavor and my other two friends are messing around with the Barb trying to make it work for them.  
The Barb is less tasty and has far less substance than the veg philly steak we had just tried the day before at HipCityVeg and also of my personal favorite, the Philly Cheese Phake from Liquid Earth in Baltimore.  Perhaps if we didn't have those prior foodie experiences we would rave over the Barb, but frankly it didn't come close to sandwiches of either restaurants.
After a bit of chewing it occurred to me that the Crabbie tasted like a strange egg salad sandwich with large pickle chunks or relish in it.  I was never a fan of relish in my egg salad and I wasn't really enjoying the Crabbie but it was filling.  Perhaps someone who likes a tart sandwich would enjoy the Crabbie.  I read that it's a favorite for the restaurant so again, I'm not sure what I'm missing here, but it was just ok and not something I'd order a second time.  It definitely couldn't pass for crab in my book.
After our so-so dining experience we decided to skip the dessert and head off to other adventures.  We may try Miss Rachel's Pantry again if we're in the area - perhaps for breakfast - as we love supporting vegan/vegetarian venues, and maybe then I'll get the stars in my eyes.  But for now, it was just ok.I have worked with Rachel and have eaten her food many times. I'm amazed every time. As a non-vegetarian/vegan, I'm always hesitant to try vegan items, but I am continually pleasantly surprised how good her food is. And the cakes that Carly makes, oh my god are they awesome. For catering or for dinner, you gotta taste it to believe it!
And to top it all off, Rachel herself may be the sweetest most accommodating chef (and woman) I've ever known or worked with.This is a review of of the market/prepared foods only. It's good. Often very good, but overpriced. A recent grilled cheese sandwich for $6 consisted of a few thinly sliced mushrooms and a thin slice of cheese. Essentially just buttered bread. The rueben sandwiches are delicious but tiny and insubstantial for $8. Even many of the pastries are a bit too expensive for what they are. The prepared meals like mac and cheese and other pastas are very good. The sticky buns are great. The white fish is good. Very tasty food, nice staff, but i'm getting frustrated by the portions for the price.My wife Janis, our friend Cee & I enjoyed dinner Saturday at Miss Rachel's Panty. 
This was our first visit but it won't be the last. Four course vegan dining that rivals Vedge (another favorite) in quality & taste. The farm table setting is very casual and homey. For those who are not familiar, they have a 12 seat communal table that you share with the other diners. Our waitress Sarah was excellent, as was Miss Rachel.
Fantastic vegan food (check out the home made vegan "butter") and a wonderful friendly environment. It is also a BYOB without a corkage fee. Unfortunately they are so busy with the catering & lunch / diner delivery service that the dining room is only open on saturday evenings (7pm) for one service only. So make your reservations early, it is most certainly worth it. I think I am going to order our next Thanksgiving dinner from them ( they deliver the whole meal !). Excellent!What an awesome place!! I was worried that I would not find any good vegan when I left LA, but I was pleasantly surprised!
This is one of my favorite restaurants when I visit Philly!Definitely as good as it gets! Not only is Miss Rachel one of the sweetest, most thoughtful people I have ever met, but her food is INCREDIBLE! As a vegetarian with Celiac Disease, it is next to impossible to find someone who is able to cook for me! Since I was diagnosed with Celiac, Thanksgiving was always a disappointment because I had to watch everyone else eat the good stuffing and other side dishes, while I ate something that I cooked. When Rachel came along, Thanksgiving dinner came back for me! I SO look forward to Rachel's vegan, thanksgiving dinner every year! If it weren't for her, I'd still be sad on Thanksgiving! Rachel, you truly are the best!!!!I couldn't believe how amazing the chocolate cake and the cheese burger were! Who says vegans only eat salad. I can't wait to take my non-vegan roommates here and blow their minds.This place is so rockin', I don't think it needs another review lauding it's goodies, so I'll kept it short:
Delicious baked vegan goods and a quirky staff located inside a kitchen from 1952.   Just go.  You'll dig it!My husband and I just got married on a yacht with a nighttime view of the Philly skyline and the food from Miss Rachel's Pantry was all anyone could talk about.  We are from Kansas City and the majority of our guests were from out of town.  KC is all about the barbecue and although my husband and I are strict vegetarians, our guests were all about the meat.  THEY WENT BONKERS OVER THE FOOD!  We had all finger food that was lovely and flavorful.  It was gorgeous to look at and was incredibly good.  If you want the food at your event to make a lasting impression, this is the place.  Let's be honest, no one ever remembers the food at a wedding, my guests and I will never forget.  Amazing and exquisite.Miss Rachel knows how to do vegan. Make sure you try her chicken salad. It's the best you'll ever have! Her seitan "wings" are amazing as well.My best friend had her birthday party, and even she assumed we'd go out afterwards for a bite because how filling could vegan food be? It was an amazing meal, and I could not believe how Miss Rachel is able to replicate so many complex flavors and textures. Example, crab cake that was really heart of palm! I'm practically a carnivore, but if I could eat here everyday, I'd be vegan. 
Also the restaurant let my friend bring her iPod and play her own music.I arrived earlier than expected in Philly and decided to pop in for coffee and a bagel! Rachel was wonderful, the decor is perfect and the beet-lox... Whoa. Seriously amazing.Best experience for cooking class + dinner!
First of all miss Rachel and Roger were so warm, welcoming and super nice! The cooking class was very informative and fun. You can try everything, ask million of questions, do it yourself or watch! We learn new techniques and great ingredients we gonna add to our life. You eat what you cook in a beautiful space they have there. And the food was delicious!!!! The best part- they adjust the class to what you want to learn/eat. Highly recommended. Thank you Rachel! We will defiantly come back!I was super excited to try the food but too lazy to dine-in so I called for take-out and was told to download an app and use credit after I explained that I only have cash  so much for a first impression.This was a wonderful experience.  It's a great idea to have a nice big communal table and meet new dinner guests.  It really does feel like a dinner party.  I guess that could go wrong if you are seated next to someone unpleasant but we had a ball and met some great people.
We went for the Sunday night Italian dinner.  The arancini was off the charts!  Even the bread on the table when we arrived was delicious.  There was a course of a brothy minestrone with one very perfect tortellini in it with a unique taste that I really liked.  This was followed by a pasta course of papparedelle with "meat balls".  I am actually not a fan of papparedelle in general but this was cooked perfectly and had very nice flavor.  The only tiny gliches were that the dessert was nice, but not what could be possible for and Italian Sunday dinner by far, and the only other tiny thing was that it was a touch chilly, so the papparedelle was a touch lukewarm rather than hot.  That being said, they really did an amazing job plating and serving all of the guests as simultaneously as possible and I would absolutely go back!  I also really like the space and the glass garage door.  It has a cool Philly atmosphere and very gracious service.
Seems like it would be a wonderful new adventure each time!Miss Rachel is beyond talented.  I don't understand how she makes half the things that she does, but her dishes are delicious.  We made reservations a month out for her "Dinner at the Pantry," which she does every Saturday night.  Basically, she only cooks for ten guests and they all sit at one huge-ass table.  Everyone that we met at the event was so much fun and we really had a great time...but I know no one really cares about that when they read Yelp reviews, so back to the food.  I got barbecue seitan tips on top of edamame puree to start.  It was completely amazing.  I really may need to start making mashed edamame.  My partner in crime had the poutine for his first course (yes, still vegan) and it was equally as good.  We both had the mushroom bisque and then I got the lasagna for my main course.  Instead of just plain noodles, she somehow used potatoes in it.  I'm an absolute carb whore, so I appreciated her inventive use of spuds.  Dessert was the cookies and cream ice cream cake, which was so good it should be illegal.  She came out to meet all of us at the end.  It's always nice to see your chef after a wonderful dinner and she was as sweet as could be.  
Whoever said that vegan food isn't good or filling or whatever needs to stop making excuses and try Rachel's food pronto.  I would gladly come back here in a heartbeat.for the record, miss rachel is not awesome.
she is out of this world JAWESOME. and that's still a huge understatement.
i ordered her bbq seitan meal, which comes with mac & cheese and brussel spouts. brussel sprouts are gross, so i asked if i could sub it for something else. not only did she accommodate my request, but she also asked if there was anything else i didn't like (!). and i also ordered an apple custard dessert.
everything was amazing! the meal was 'individual size' which is a huge generous portion. the seitan was the best i've ever had, and the mac & cheese had fried onions on top. i accidentally froze the dessert (i was very food drunk) and it made the custard and whip cream even thicker and creamier. 
miss rachel gets a million stars for making delicious vegan food, and not making me eat my brussel sprouts.This was our first time at Miss Rachel's and we will definitely be back. The food was delish and clearly prepped with love. Everyone was so gracious and welcoming, the experience felt like a family meal at home. The decor is perfect and we even made some new friends at the table. Thank you for a fantastic meal and experienceWe were at the Saturday evening seating. It was a 4 course meal. Each course was excellent. 
Based on this experience, I will definitely use her for vegan catering in the future.From a small dinner with friends and family to in home meals to my daughter's wedding the quality of the food and the presentation has not ceased to amaze me. The BBC ribs. The brisket. LOOKS and  TASTES like the real thing.  I am no vegetarian,  but truly enjoy her cooking. An excellent value on top of this.I have never had such a unique dining experience and the chef, Rachel, is just lovely. The inside is very quaint and you feel like you're a guest in someone's home. It was a communal dining experience and we enjoyed great conversation and met some truly interesting folks. 
The entire meal was handmade with thought and perfection. We started with mini biscuits with vegan butter accompanied by 
walnuts with Rosemary- yum. Then we had bar-b-que Tempe and cashew ravioli. Next came the beet salad and sweet potato soup with chipotle- it had a real kick! The entrees were seitan with grilled veggies and pasta and a truffle risotto. Finally the dessert was a banana tart and an assortment of mini vegan cupcakes. Everything was absolutely phenomenal. I'm not a vegan/vegetarian but the meal was extremely satisfying yet light.  
Don't forget to BYOB! I can't wait to go back and tell everyone about it!! I wish I could give this place 10 stars (I have never felt that way about another restaurant).My wife and I got a tray of seitan turkey and a tray of vegan stuffing. It came with a couple containers of mushroom gravy. While there I impulsively bought a small pumpkin pie and a small pumpkin bread as well.
Let's start with what I loved: the turkey! Great dark meat turkey taste. It did not need the gravy at all. Wonderful texture. Anyone eating actual turkey should be jealous of Miss Rachel's. 
The gravy. A wonderful vegan mushroom gravy that was probably the best gravy I have ever had.
The pumpkin bread. It was an impulsive purchase just to try it. My wife and I could not stop going back for more and we finished the whole small loaf. Perfect pumpkin bread texture and taste. 
What can be improved upon:
The stuffing. It was fine but a little bland. I would order mashed potatoes or something else next time and just make Whole Foods vegan stove top stuffing. The gravy did liven it up a little bit.
The pumpkin pie. The filling was great. It was the crust that needed a little work. The crust was underdone and not crisp.
All in all I would happily have Miss Rachel cater Thanksgiving or any other event based on this experience.Food's amazing,  Rachel's staff is super friendly, and the group dinner concept is a fun and interesting experience.  Those biscuits, I can probably eat a whole bucket of those.I have now been to dinner, a private birthday celebration and a fundraiser at Miss Rachel's. I'm convinced it is one of the gems of the Philadelphia.
Let me walk you through what those of us at the Humane League fundraiser (7/23/14) enjoyed:
Crabcakes: Uh, wow! Made of hearts of palm, they were delicious. Also had a nice sauce on the side.
Fresh mozzarella: Same great texture of fresh mozzarella with a great taste.
Bruschetta:  Fine. This was the one that was just OK and didn't have me kvelling.
Lentil falafel balls: Really good. I could tell they were filling so I stopped myself before going too crazy.
Deviled Eggs: For the base of the egg, Miss Rachel used cucumbers. I did not object but they were sliced too thick so it was a little awkward. If the cut had been a little thinner it would have been easier to eat and less messy. I loved the filling.
Cashew Tahini Cheese: Might be the best vegan cheese I have every tasted. And I have tasted some great stuff. Looking at you, Treeline.
Black garlic and rosemary macadamia pate: Really good as well. Another great taste.
It should be noted here that whenever you see a red hummus at any Miss Rachel's event, you dive for it. You elbow people out the way for it. I don't know what's in there but it is perfect. I've had it twice now and want it sold in stores! 
Biscuits: What else needs to be said? They had biscuits!
If you want to have an event in Philly for 20 to 40 people give Miss Rachel a call. GREAT stuff coming out of that kitchen!My wife and I often order meals from Miss Rachel's Pantry, and this place is doing a pretty great job making vegan comfort food.  The free delivery service is really nice for sleep-deprived new parents who want to eat well but don't have energy to cook every night! Rachel is also really nice about accommodating allergies and food preferences.  We usually find at least 2-3 entrees that we like enough to order on a weekly basis. 
The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is that usually, 1-2 of those meals needs some significant flavor enhancement when we get around to eating it (for full disclosure, we are spice lovers).
Perhaps it's the re-warming at home, but we often deal with dry food too.  But really, this woman can make barbecue seitan that satisfies even the most carnivorous person who is trying to do the right thing once in a while!This operation had a pop-up shop across the street from my house today! It was fate.  I got a seitan knish (as that is all I had cash for) but will try and get to the actual restaurant soon to try more delicious vegan treats!disclaimer: i am not vegan or vegetarian... not even pescatarian! but a couple of my closest friends are and they tend to take me to some of the "best" vegan places in the city when we go out to eat... last night we celebrated my darling heather's 33 years on this planet and she decided to treat us all to Miss Rachel's Pantry... and I'm so unbelievably glad she did... and this place just took my #1spot for vegan cuisine. A 6 course pre-fix gourmet vegan meal for 12 of us. The space itself is warm, inviting and a step back in time... the simple but intentional details like the milk glass sugar bowls and 1950's working refrigerator just added to all the nostalgic feels in the place! Each course came out with the most exceptional presentation. colorful, inviting and ohhhhh sooo delicious. Since I sat at the head of the table I had a lovely view of the kitchen and was amazed at the preparation of each next course as we were enjoying the current one. Fresh! seriously I don't think you can get fresher then that. And the fact that I actually questioned if it was all 100% vegan especially the mozzarella and the butter blew my ever lovin mind! The South Philly GRAVY was something my south philly grandmother would have swooned over. The mushroom scallops were better then any seafood scallops i've ever had. And the whipped icing on the rum cake, ohmygod, can I just have a bowl of that with a spoon?!!! This wasn't just a meal, it was an experience and one that I would recommend to anyone and I've already done so in the last 12 hours alone! Do yourself a favor and treat yourself, even of your not vegan.I had my birthday brunch here yesterday and it was AMAZING!!!!! The food was perfect from the taste to presentation. The waiter Alex was GREAT as well. I HIGHLY recommend Rachel and her team for private parties, weddings/ catering etc. 
Just perfect.I'm so glad to see that a vast majority of the reviews for Miss Rachel's tell a story as positive as mine. Rachel & co. catered a wedding I went to this past weekend in South Jersey, and it was simply magnificent! While not a vegan myself I am vegan friendly, though a good chunk of guests are not so familiar with vegan cuisine. Not only was there a wide variety of options for guests to choose from, but the staff was particularly helpful in explaining the ingredients to the masses and making the whole experience more approachable.
First, the food. The crowd-pleaser was hands down the gnocchi. Think of the light and fluffy potato dumplings (obviously homemade) as a king of deconstructed sweat potato pasta. Quite delicious! Other honorable mentions, at least in my mind, were "fillets" of portabello mushroom encrusted in some sort of sweet/crunchy yummyness and the tempeh even got rave reviews from the most carnivorous guests! What I really appreciated was the fact that there were so many options, so if you don't like asparagus, for example, you had so many other things to choose from!
I really feel I need to give an extra shout out to the staff. One thing that caught my attention early was during the cocktail hour, the staff was circling around with trays of scrumptious nibblies. At one point I'm outside on the back patio, and a small group of us mention to one of the guys that we feel like we're not getting all of the trays coming out our way. The entire staff, it seems, then proceeds to bring out every possible option to us after that! Another fact that makes the staff seem to go above and beyond standard catering is that every person that I spoke to on the staff seemed well-spoken, willing to please, and knowledgeable about the food they were serving. It made the whole experience truly amazing. I can't wait to take a road trip up to Philly and try their in-house specials on a Saturday night sometime!Excellent brunch! Oddball location, but once you find it, it's really warm and homey inside. The staff working is hilarious and kind, and willing to put up with our dumb jokes. 
The menu is just the right size, with all options sounding equally tempting. I got the breakfast scramble, which was so tasty, and not over-sized. I opted for a side of coconut bacon, which is life-changing. 
Also, they have great coffee, and made me a fancy iced latte with vanilla soymilk, and coconut. It's called a coppertone latt; ask for it by name.Miss Rachel certainly knows how to get a carnivore like me to eat her vegetables! I've been here for several occasions, both for the cafe and for the farmhouse table dinner. The decor is bright, cheerful, and just darn cute. The staff is friendly and helpful. I've never had a bad meal at Miss Rachel's! I love "The Barb," a BBQ seitan sandwich with a fresh slaw on top. Her farmhouse dinner was an absolute treat. It was calm, cheery, with four delicious courses for a price you can't beat in Philadelphia (and BYOB!). This review is starting to look like a love letter, but it's an awesome place where I enjoy giving my business.My entire non-vegan family ate here for brunch for my birthday. The French toast Dishes were delish. The Mac and cheese games the prize. They top it with red sauce and some fake meat - kind of like a sloppy joe. Oh so good. The thumb print cookies were delectable. Such an adorable spot with high quality food in Point Breeze.I've had the pleasure of having miss Rachel's pantry's  food twice.  My friend had miss rachel cater both his and his husband's 50th birthday parties. The first party was this past winter. The food was unbelievable. We literally couldn't tear ourselves away from it.  I was secretly grateful that a blizzard  hit and we were 2 of the 5 people that showed up because there was more food for us.  The food at that party was better than the food we had 2 weeks ago on the 3rd of July.  But it was still good. I wish I could have her cook for me every day!! I wish she'd come to nj!!