Disappointing....that's all... I asked for my food to be suicide hot and there was absolutely no spice to it at all. I asked for extra sauces on the side also there were none. It came with one fork I guess I should've asked for chopsticks. The spring rolls all be it delicious look like a nine-year-old had made them.... just so so food sadly...We are staying at an Airbnb in the area and they strongly encouraged us to check this place out. It was easy to get in with quiet but energetic surroundings that allowed for good convo. The sushi was wonderful quality with a perfect price point. I've never left a sushi restaurant with that low of a bill for that quality of meal. It was our first philly BYO experience and I appreciated not being charge a cockage fee!I was looking for Thai food last night and found Miyabi. I had the panang chicken curry, and it was unreal!  I couldn't remember the last time I had a meal that good.  The prices are very reasonable, and my boyfriend and I brought our own beer.  We were among only a handful of diners (on a Tuesday at 8:30), but I was glad to see they were busy with takeout orders.  I highly recommend this place.It's alright. The rolls are creative and I was excited to try them out, but they just tasted...off. 2 stars for the presentation (heart shaped sushi - cute!), but I don't think that's enough to bring me back.We ordered delivery (pad thai & pad kee mao). It took a little longer than expected to arrive (over an hour--and I live around the corner), but I believe they are still acclimating to their online ordering. The prices are great for Thai! However, we were not impressed by the food; it was a bit bland. A good choice for cheap take-out or lunch--not for a strong Thai craving.Great place!! Thai food, Japanese food are all authentic. Price is cheap and the food volume is big.I ordered take out via Grub Hub last night.  Although the food was about 30 min late, it was well worth it.  The sushi was so fresh.  The Thai food excellent.  The tom yum soup was very good as well.  And it was very reasonably priced. 
I also called about the late delivery and they credited me back $5 to make up for it.I was on a hunt for lunchtime noodles when I stumbled on this fresh little Thai place. I've been down this street a thousand times for the hardware store nearby and a few other choice meet-ups, but of course it just opened up.
 It was a slow day, so they had ample time and space to accommodate me. Even still, my order was taken, cooked, and presented promptly. 
 I ordered a Tom Ka, an old favorite of mine in Thai cooking. As I am concerned, Tom Ka is best served spicy and with ample tofu. In this case I was offered a choice of chicken, beef, Shrimp, or Tofu. Always with an open mind, I made a grab for the Shrimp--Thai spring rolls on the side for added substance. 
  I find it very difficult to get attached to any one Tom Ka, but I think I'll be returning here next I get a craving. There was an excellent balance of vegetables, shrimp, and broth, and all was served in a stone pot. The spring rolls were minimal, and I would have been unimpressed by them if not for an ineffably good house-made sweet & sour accompaniment.
All in all, a very satisfying lunch for $9, and great service to boot. Tip these kids well, they're so young!Me and my boyfriend loveee Miyabi. I could legitimately live off of the coconut noodle with tofu. Delivery is super fast and the guy is really nice too!
Don't overlook this place.I've only ever been here for lunch, but I think this place is underrated... The food comes out hot and fresh and really really yummy.. It's pretty authentic (ish) thai food quickly and cheaply. I've eaten sushi off someone else's plate and thought it was pretty freakin yummy, too.
Service can be hit or miss... there's a new girl at lunch who does always look surprised by people wanting to actually eat there, but the younger guy and what I assume is the owner are really good.Recently have ordered delivery from here twice and both times was very pleased. All the dishes we've had were delicious. Food came relatively quick. Thrilled that after a few unsuccessful attempts of trying to find good Thai delivery, we finally found it. Yea! Enjoy.What's an amazing sushi spot. The noodles were mediocre but there sushi was freaking awesome!! I love the myiabi rollI live in this neighborhood. Food options in this area is almost unlimited. But Miyabi is my absolute go to when I'm looking for a HIGH QUALITY & AFFORDABLE food that is ready for me to pick it up in 15-20 mins after I place an order. I love this place. Everything on their menu is great. Their lunch specials are unbeatable. Their sushi is always fresh and reasonably priced. Their staff are absolutely friendly. Their menu is simple and at the same time with a lot of options. Definitely give it a try. If you live around here I'd guarantee you'll keep coming back on regular bases!Completely in agreement with Sean there, there's not much change since the name change. They did close off the kitchen area, added a sushi bar and eliminated all Chinese dishes but the end result left little to be desired, at least when it was Asian Fusion, they had kebabs and those Nan Zhou noodles which were quite good even though they charged a lot more than Chinatown. 
They advertised themselves as Thai but they are not. The dishes are Thai but the ingredients and the cook failed to be authentic. The fried Calamari tasted like it came out from a frozen back you can get at Super Fresh or BJs. Thick coat of breading, flavorless, they give you 5 squid rings for your order and some slices of tomatoes and an unidentifiable sauce. Fried tofu are cubes of mouth-burning blandness, fresh from the fryer, the fried tofu absorbed all the heat and it's really dangerous if you don't give your customer any warning. Instead of the Malaysian/Thai version where a big chunk of fried tofu are hollowed out with a peanut sauce and bean sprouts. The tofu are just cubes of nothingness, not even a bit of salt and pepper and served with the same unidentifiable bland sauce. 
Their Pad Thai looks to have all the same fixings, the whole dish is wet and had a naggingly sweet flavor, you don't taste any savory from fish sauce or soy sauce or salt to balance it out. Only the taste of diluted sweet chili sauce. It's almost a dessert. The saving grace of our meal was the string bean with beef, and even that is a bit too wet. I don't know what the change of a name can do to a business if everything else stays the same. Good news is that they have 20% off if you dine in, but I didn't even bother to check the bill when we paid. Is it really worth it? I can't imagine myself coming back or ordering take out from this place.
1.5 StarsMy favorite sushi place EVER! I come here almost every time I get to Philadelphia. Both take out and dine-in experiences are incredible. Owners are always so sweet and accommodating. Lunch specials are sooo reasonable. The Thai food they serve is also to die for!First time at this restaurant. Food was excellent. Service was great. Went in for lunch on a Friday and there was hardly anyone there. Sushi tasted great. Vietnamese roll was very fresh and delicious. The lunch portion is very ample for the price. $7.50 for curry with rice and a spring roll :) I highly recommend the tapioca tea.Our go-to take out sushi restaurant, with the occasional sit down since they are BYOB! We love going here because we can get sushi as well as Thai food. Their prices are moderate and they have a pretty good selection. Timely with take out and usually have some coupons available. All in all, a solid moderately prices sushi place.I ordered delivery and although the estimate was 45 minutes, it took 1hr 30 minutes. Then they gave me the wrong order-they gave us pad thai with beef when we're all vegetarians. They did not offer to fix it and send a replacement simply that they would refund the money. Let's hope they actually do. I couldn't even try the food since I couldn't eat it. Bummer.Ordered Thai green curry, Vietnamese rolls, and tom yum soup. Everything was fresh and tasty. Their rice was particularly nice. (I don't know why I noticed that.) I'd definitely go back; there's a lot on their menu to try.I love their Thai and Japanese food. Surprisingly there were so much lunch options that you can pick from, ranges from $7.50-$12. Their red curry is what I recommend to you. Their sushi is fresh and delicious as well. Come here for lunch, it's super cheap. I'm a Jefferson student and it works well with my budget. I really can't complain about this place, The food is great as well as the staff.I came here a few weeks after the restaurant was opened. The food was great and the price was good. I particularly love the Kimchi fries, which I have not seen it else where.Pad Thai is delicious but needs extra limes. The teriyaki is so good but I end up eating the white rice faster than the chicken teriyaki(white rice is delicious!). Their miso is ok doesn't pop out too much.Located near the gayborhood in Philly. Has a very relaxed and down-to-earth vibe.
I had the red curry, coconut bubble tea, and a salmon roll. Food was very tasty and served quickly. The red curry was spicier than I expected (I like spicy foods)
We were also given free edamame. 
Prices are very good and served portions are big.
Will recommend to friends.I have eaten in the restaurant at dinnertime  and ordered lunch at my office, both experiences have been perfect. The wait staff is attentive and the delivery staff is courteous and one time. The food is always fresh and delicious!!This place is perfect for take-out! Fast, cheap, and yummy (though you can tell it's probably not the highest quality Thai food). 
I usually get the basil lunch special but even though its $7.50 (plus miso soup or a spring roll), if you don't have cash you have to spend around $10 so I usually end up ordering a small side like soup and with tax and all that I end up spending $12. But the tom yum soup is really good and flavorful AND there is enough food for 2 meals so more like $6 a meal. 
This place is really close to where I work and I'm glad because I love me some Thai takeout :)This is an under-rated place in a great neighborhood.  Their delivery is fast and efficient, and the portions are HUGE!  I typically can get three meals out of one entree (I recommend the panang curry).  The vegetable gyoza is also delicious, and you can actually recognize/taste the vegetables with which the dumplings are stuffed, as opposed to the usual mush of indistinguishable filler you get at most places.  
I don't necessarily love dining in here, as the staff has always made me feel very rushed (even though the restaurant is empty).  But the food is some of the best Thai I have had in the area, and for take-out or delivery I will typically choose Miyabi.I've gone here so many times, it's always delicious and fresh. The sushi is mouth watering, and the thai dishes are out of this world. It's affordable and almost always empty. Give it a try! (Try the peppered soft shell crab or Massaman curry) Yum!I got take-out via GrubHub and the delivery guy was super chill and quick to arrive - 1/2 the time of what GrubHub said. Yay!
I got the broccoli & asparagus -- I was led to believe this would be spicy, but it wasn't - more salty than anything. I also got the green curry and OMG amazing! I always get this at new Thai restaurants I try, so it's my litmus test. The eggplant was fresh and the other veggies (broccoli, peppers, mushrooms, onions, green beans) were wonderful as well. It was spicy, but flavorful. The prices are also reasonable ($10 for curry and rice -- enough for two meals).
Will definitely order from here again.I've only eaten their sushi, but I've been thrilled with the place. I haven't had a bad roll yet, and I've eaten through a great deal of their special rolls as well as a few of the one-ingredient hand rolls (which, by the way, are awesome). 
The place is cheap for the quality you get (which is extraordinary compared to the rest of the Jefferson lunch offerings) and the service is great. Plus last time we were here they gave us a comlimentary serving of what they called multi-ice cream (maybe fried ice cream?) and it was absolutely unbelievable.Miyabi is my favorite place for lunch in Center City. It's fast, cheap, and delicious.Their lunch specials are amazing (especially with the Jefferson discount). I always order one of their chicken curries. While the taste doesn't vary too much between, the curries, it is  quire flavorful. The lunch special also comes with an egg roll or soup. The first time I got it, I was amazed that I could get so much food for under $7. Sometimes, I even have enough leftover for another meal. One star off because I feel like this place is hit or miss. I haven't really liked anything but their chicken curries. I've also heard that the Pad Thai is quite disappointing. Also, if you're a bubble tea fan, this is not the place to go. I was very excited at first for a bubble tea place so close to where I live, but the tea is overly sweet and the bubbles are mushy and bland. Better to go to Chinatown for some good bubble tea. All in all though, Miyabi is great as long as you know what to order.The tofu pad thai was really, really good and they give you a serving that is big wnough for 2 people to share, which is great for only $11 or so. It was also made very fast. This is a good spot and I look forward to visiting again!So last night my sister and I were "those people"  that came into the restaurant half hour before closing time, and thankfully the staff couldn't be nicer. For the sake of research of course, we ordered a little bit of everything, and I'm happy to report it was a great experience.
The sushi was the only thing that was just ok.  Cute presentation, great selection,but I'm thinking Thai is what they should stick to.  
The edamame was perfectly salted. Not a difficult task to accomplish,but most places don't! 
For dinner I had the beef pad Thai and it was excellent, and at $11 very reasonable as well.
Between the excellent service and delicious pad Thai I will certainly be a return customer.Ordered two entrees from her for delivery. Total ended being close to $30. Food was sub-par. We had drunken noodles and thai hot pot vegetables. The drunken noodles weren't spicy at all and lacked flavor. The hot pot vegetables were described as having carrots, eggplant, potatoes, and been curd in a curry sauce. The dish lacked the carrots and been curd and the sauce was a coconut-curry that wasn't terrible, but not what I was expecting. The dish definitely wasn't that great. Worst part of the whole thing? The two complimentary fortune cookies that came with it were stale. Won't be ordering from here again. Giving up on Asian delivery in Philly.Wandered in on Friday evening.  Although the place was empty except for one table, the staff looked at me as if they didn't know what to do.  Finally, the young lady said "Can I help you?"  I said, "I'd like to eat.  Is that OK?"  She waved at the empty tables, which I suppose was her way of telling me to sit wherever I wanted.  
There was a soy sauce bowl on the table but upon further inspection, it was dirty.  After a couple more uncomfortable interactions with the waitress, I ordered the tuna & salmon sushi dinner and a diet Coke.  
The iceberg lettuce salad was absolutely drenched with a sloppy version of the ginger dressing we've all come to expect.  Then the sushi came.  The waitress brought a soy sauce bowl but saw that I already had one so she returned it to its shelf.  I had to go retrieve it since, like I said, the one on my table was dirty.
The first thing I noticed about the dinner was that the wasabi was dry and hard.  I imagine they separated the wasabi servings earlier in the day and had them all ready to plop down on serving plates.  The problem with that, of course, is that no one wants dry hard wasabi.
The sushi itself goes directly to the bottom of my list.  Well, almost at the bottom.  I have had worse sushi.  Once.  
Needless to say, I won't be returning to Miyabi.Unfortunately, I am going to stop ordering from Miyabi.  I was a regular customer, but my experience last night was the straw that broke the camel's back. 
The food arrived via GrubHub 1.5 hours after I ordered it.  This is the second time I ordered from them and it took an extremely long time. 
I ordered 3 rolls and a seafood tom yum soup.  Not only was my soup cold, but it was all broth and SUPER greasy.  There was barely any seafood in it.  This is the second time their tom yum soup was all broth. 
I also ordered the tuna lover's roll.  Please see the picture attached.  It must have been sitting out for a VERY long time. The spicey mayo is completely liquid.  And when the rolls arrived, they were warm.  There's nothing I hate more than warm, raw fish.  
I complained, and they refunded me $5 from the $50 I spent (on 3 rolls and a soup).  
You lost a loyal customer, Miyabi.Some of the best Thai food in Philly. Big portions and fresh dishes. Love this spot!This place is freaking delicious! why was it empty last night??
I stumbled upon this place while looking for some thai food to warm the soul yesterday. A friend and I had been walking around the city all freaking day, and I was looking for something super spicy to bring my body back to a normal temperature.
While looking for an indian place we had yelped, we found Miyabi on the way. And i'm sure glad we did!
The decor is elegant and simple.  They have sit-down tables as well as a sushi bar which I will hopefully try soon! The location is great as well- only blocks from Washington Square and the Kimmel Center. 
Price were decent as well. My friend and I both had dinner complete with soup or appetizer and hot tea for $15 each before tips. The portions were generous and I ended up taking half of my entree home!
Now about the food...
My favorite dish of the night was my friend's coconut chicken soup. It was a mixture of all the wonderful elements of thai food- spicy, sour, and sweet. The chicken was tender and not chewy. The soup was hot and spicy, but not overly spicy. Really delicious stuff.
I started out my meal with spring rolls. They were filled with the usual vegetables like carrots and cabbage, but had the wonderful addition of some delicious mushrooms! at $3, they were a great choice!
My friend ordered chicken pad thai. This was a really tasty dish. It wasn't spicy as much as it was tart, but I'm sure if you wanted it spicy, you could request. I ordered my chilly day favorite, beef massaman curry. You always worry about the beef in these curry dishes being too chewy. This was definitely not the case at Miyabi. It almost melted in my mouth, it was so good. The flavors of the curry were excellent. Plus, the curry contained potatoes and avocado- really great combination! if you've never had avocado in Thai curry before you absolutely must. It is delicious.
We also received a 15% discount for their grand opening. Great deal! This place deserves a try. We had a delicious dinner. I can't wait to come back when it's warmer so I can have their sushi!I ate here last night. I was really excited by the menu here, because it has my two favorite kinds of food - Japanese and Thai. However, I was disappointed with the quality of my food. I ordered the Yaki Udon with beef, which came with a salad with ginger dressing. The salad was mediocre - iceberg lettuce smothered with ginger dressing. Pretty standard - most of these places don't opt for more quality salad greens so I wasn't surprised or disappointed there. However, when I got my main course, the beef was low quality and rubbery. I considered eating around it but my friend convinced me to send it back - so I asked for it to be made with chicken instead. The chicken was somewhat better though not by any means fantastic. The saving grace of this meal was that I ordered my food with extra vegetables. 
The quality of the service was also mediocre. Our waitress was friendly, and graceful when I sent my food back, so I'll give her that (I hate sending food back!!! I only do it when I really really really feel the need). However service was slow which didn't make much sense since the place was nearly empty.
My friend really enjoyed his soup - the Tom Ka Gai, and his entree, the singapore noodles with shrimp and chicken - so it's possible that some of their other entrees are better. However, I do not recommend ordering anything with the beef.
Something tells me if you come here, the sushi would be a better bet. They had such a vast array of rolls! If I liked sushi, I would come back to try that.
Perk: This place is BYO.The prices here are reasonable and only $10 min to get delivery. I got the pad thai ($11) and the Seafood Tom Yum Goong ($6)/
The pad thai was pretty good and a decent amount for the price. I would get this again if you are really craving pad thai.
The seafood tom yum goong wasn't that great and didn't come with a lot shrimp or squid. It came with tons of peppers. I think I meant to get the Coconut chicken coup but accidentally checked the wrong box because they were right next to each other.
This is a good delivery place.I ordered off of seamless.Great and unique vegan roll options. Service is very decent. Price is high, but worth it if you're craving quality sushi.This place has great food and great prices if you're willing to skimp on ambience. It's byob and it's very casual but well worth it for the noms.Went with a group of 6 on a Friday night and it was not busy. That plus the Sushi & Thai sign out front....were not exactly confidence inspiring.
Well, count me surprised. My pad thai was on par with the better thai places in the city (Smile Cafe, Erawan) and the portion size was fairly decent too. I was definitely not hungry afterwards! The wife enjoyed her green curry although she didn't think it was spicy enough.
The layout inside is worth mentioning - the tables are actually quite nicely spaced so you aren't sitting on someone's lap. There is also space for larger groups (unlike Smile Cafe). To the unfortunate group who happened to be seated next to us, sorry for being loud and obnoxious. Clearly you should blame the restaurant for being BYO :)
One last thing, I kinda got the sense that the waitress was less than thrilled with us because we were there for quite a while. But the place was empty, so why the rush?I want to like this place because of its location, but I can't. Waited 40 min for take out after they said 20 min. Was so excited to leave when I finally got my food, that I didn't check my bag. I came home to find they only gave me 1/2 of my order. To top it off, the food I did get was mediocre at best and the fish was too fishy for comfort.no good.
waited a full 2 hours for delivery during lunch on a thursday. spicy tuna roll was fishy and not fresh. Shrimp tempura was ok. Very very average place with cheap ingredients. Will not order from here again.This place is AMAZING!! Fresh food, great service and DELICIOUS. I can't even explain how great our experience was. Definitely a must to visit. The decor is chic, clean and the atmosphere was inviting.Great for pickup or delivery. I came early for pickup and the sushi chef gave me a free appetizer of albacore fish. Very delicious,I love this place. My friend and I are here way too much, and the waitress always recognizes us and is super friendly. It's almost never crowded, which is surprising because both the sushi and curry is SO good. The curry is a little on the spicy side which I think is great. Their rolls are creative and the presentation is always so cute. They have one with pieces of Doritos on top-- don't knock it, it's awesome. Not overly pricey like some other sushi places in the surrounding area. 
I would recommend the Anna roll and the sexcity roll, and the red curry with chicken and eggplant. Curry is a huge portion and can easily be split.As a vegetarian living in Philly, this place hands down has the best vegetarian sushi I have ever had.  The serving is huge and the presentation is absolutely amazing! The ingredients taste so fresh!   You can't beat the price or service either. My husband is not vegetarian, but loves their mango chicken dish and also rates it as the best in the city.  The red-bean, ginger and green tea ice-creams are really good too-though I often don't have room for them by the time I finish my sushi!Well, the place is nice, service is OK, but food is about the same as from a food truck, not too much of a quality. There a lot of nice Thai and Japanese places in Philly, this one is not on the top of the list.Ahoy fuckers (too aggressive? Sry). 
We ordered on a Wednesday evening in a drunken slur. Is that a thing? Whatever. 
I got panang curry and my friend got spicy tuna and shrimp tempura rolls and spicy chicken noodles for her boyfriend. 
I specifically specified in the order instructions "NO ONIONS PLEASE". I hate those evil disgusting creatures. 
Why is the floor so comfortable while wasted? Have you noticed that also? 
The food came and I was so fucking excited bc it took a little while and I was emaciating. We might have actually ripped the bag open (maybe not and I'm just being dramatic) but I got out my container and opened that beauty to find a gigantic pile of fucking ONIONS!! What did I say? Like legit I wish I had taken a photo, it was almost like they thought I asked for MORE onions. 
The food was actually really good. In NY I'm used to giant tofu cubes but this was more like strips. Huh! Tasty. Sauce was good too and I impressed my new friends by whipping out my own chop sticks. Would've been great if I was able to enjoy the sauce by dumping in some of the rice but I couldn't avoid a few stray onions. 
Everyone else liked their shit but when you make special requests they don't listen/give a fuck. What if I was allergic? I would've had life threatening anaphylaxis. 
Tom yom soup didn't have enough lemongrass in it apparently. 
Ok byeThis place is incredible! I don't understand why it always seems empty.  The food is always delicious, the ingredients are fresh and they are very accommodating to special diet restrictions. I am gluten free and vegetarian and they made me a wonderful vegan sushi dish with a delectable mango coconut dipping sauce in place of soy sauce which has gluten in it.  They told me they would have gluten free soy sauce the next time I went and they did, but the original mango coconut sauce was so good I still wanted that one too!  I would highlight recommend going! This is one of the best gluten free vegetarian meals I have had in the city. THANK YOU!It's our go to spot after class simply bc it's nearby Jefferson campus. The service here sucks, the lady never smiles and she's always in the back when we need the check she takes forever. 
We normally get the bento box, it's a good lunch special and it tastes good.Ordered shrimp pad thai (delivery) on a weekday evening. ETA was about 45 minutes and my food came on time. My pad thai was delicious- not too saucy and not spicy, as I requested. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. I also ordered the mango salad, which I'll be eating for lunch tomorrow! Would definitely order again!I've only had their teriyaki dishes and let me tell you, this might be the best teriyaki I've had. I've tried my friend's pad tai which was also delicious. Prices are reasonable and servings are large. Service is good and they also have take out/delivery! They are also BYOB so look out for some annoying guests.Well, the renamed Asian Fusion Garden is, well...exactly the same place as before, with a new name. Reasonably priced Thai food (go for the lunch specials,) but, as with most any Thai in Center City, it's so-so.Food was decent for lunch.  Service was the usual- curt but efficient enough, although not particularly friendly. But the worst part- overcharging my credit card.  My three friends and I split a check of about $30.  A week later, I noticed my card was charged the full amount and so were my friends!  No, it wasn't still "pending" but a full on charge.  Luckily my bank took care of it and it wasn't a huge amount. But buyer beware!I've lived in Washington Square West for almost a year now, and have passed by Miyabi an inordinate amount of times, as the restaurant is literally two and a half blocks from my building. For some reason, I didn't consider stopping in or ordering take-out until recently.
A couple weeks ago, on a whim, I decided to go for it. I was feeling some sushi, and it was within walking distance. Nothing else went into my deliberation on the matter.
Score one! My order was ready to go when I arrived, around 20 minutes after it was placed.
Score two! Everything was amazing! I had the Goi Cuon Vietnamese Summer Roll, Thai Spring Roll, Vegetable Roll, and Sweet Potato Roll. It all hit that sushi itch of mine perfectly. The added soy sauce packets were a nice, if expected, touch.
Score three! It was cheap! My final price was $20.52, which is still somewhat expensive for me, but then I'm a starving law student. For Philly take-out as a whole, and based on the amount of food that you receive, this is definitely a good deal.
Overall, if you find yourself with that evening sushi bug and you live in the immediate WSW area, this is a great choice. I can't comment on delivery, but take-out is quick, cheap, and the service has been perfectly amicable on my two visits so far. Totally recommended.I've been here a few times for take out and the food is quite delicious and fresh. One day I plan to dine in. I always get the Thai fried rice with a side of curry sauce. I have not tried anything else and this is my first time for lunch take out. Portions are usually decent and shareable.I went to Miyabi Restaurant for some quick take out. I've never been there before. But what stood out to me was that despite having restaurant in the name and a nice layout for a sit down meal, I only saw take out orders being placed. No one was dining in.
When ordering, I pointed out that I was a vegetarian. And they suggested the vegetable Pad Thai, which is one of my favorite.
They put my order together in the right amount of time. So off I went. And while the noodles and vegetables were good, my order had a fishy taste and smell. I'm not sure if it had fish oil in it or what. And given the fishiness, I wasn't too happy with the Pad Thai.UPDATE: I think I will only order Thai food from now on from Miyabi. I tried delivery sushi today and was pretty underwhelmed. I ordered a salmon roll, a shrimp cucumber roll, and seaweed salad. My food was fine, nothing special and definitely not worth the delivery wait. My food was almost 30 min past my promised time, and the delivery driver did not say a word about it.
Ordered shrimp pad thai (delivery) on a weekday evening. ETA was about 45 minutes and my food came on time. My pad thai was delicious- not too saucy and not spicy, as I requested. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. I also ordered the mango salad, which I'll be eating for lunch tomorrow! Would definitely order again!Bubble tea is alright , I ordered hot bubble the, bit it was barely lukewarm which was weird. But the sushi here is fantastic! Yummy   I tried the hot tempura roll, naruto and lambourgini roll :) all fantastic.I have tones of takeout spots bookmarked in my Yelp, instead, I decided one day to wander around my workplace and find some new spot to eat. wrong decision!!!! 
Thai Lunch $7.50? "Nothing will beat this at such a price!" I thought. So, I gave Miyabi  a try, another Asian takeout. I ordered the Thai King Chicken Lunch, which was served with white rice, soup and spring roll. The service was good and fast- considering I was the only person at the restaurant ( during lunch rush hour. ) The lunch itself, something was "off." The chicken and the rice were both dry.  Trust me, not every cheap lunch is a good one.
I will sit this one out. 
Two YelpsOk, so I've been here twice now. I feel a need to write a review because some of the others are VERY misleading. The first time I came, my boyfriend and I ordered vegetarian sushi (avocado roll, cucumber roll) and miso soup. It was great!
However, some people have reviewed the "Thai food" saying it was good or even great. So, I went back and decided to try it. It's NOT great. If you have ever tasted authentic Thai food before, please save yourself the pain and order from their "Japanese" selections. I ordered Tofu Pad Thai and it was really disgusting. It was cooked in a heavy, oil-based sauce and had a strong fish taste. It tasted nothing like Thai food. 
That said, everyone who works here seems really nice! This is definitely a great option for take-out/delivery Japanese food and sushi.Fast service and delicious food! Probably the best tasting teriyaki I've ever had. Steamed vegetable dumplings were great and I loved the dipping sauce. Ginger salad was pretty good too. I'll be back again to try the sushi.My 'sister' and i went here a few weeks ago to do some last minute planning for our ireland trip... and because she had a coupon. 
walking it, its beautiful.  not packed in there with seats like most places in that area, it was roomy.  and the modern feel to the thai decor was appreciated.  also, the people there were very nice.  we came in very late and they didnt at all rush us out or make us feel like we were inconveniencing them.  they were great.  
the edamame was good.  sushi i thought was great-  but they made their spider roll so friggin' spicy.  i never had a spider roll that was spicy.  kind of different for me.  so i wound up not eating most of it.  the presentation was really cute. i couldnt grab my camera fast enough before my sister started eating it!
the Beef pad thai was okay.  i didnt know what to expect but it kind of had a weird after taste in my opinion.  it could be my lack of experience with beef pad thai.  but it was just okay.  
the sushi and the edamame are enough for me to go back and try something different as an entree.  i will be sure to follow up.