Cozy and comfortable, with true Sicilian flare. Try the Bisteca, the Lamb in the style of the horse, or any of the pastas. Actually, for the price (and the fact that it's BYOB), try them all! Service is friendly and on spot. Loved our hold experience and will be returning as often as permitted.This is the best restaurant in Philadelphia in my humble opinion.  Hands down.
Forget Le Bec Fin, Morimoto's, or any of those other over-priced traps.  And forget Sabrina's Cafe for your weekend brunch; go across the street to Monsù instead.  It rocks.  
The cuisine is Sicilian and I'm very fussy when it comes to Italian food.  I can maybe think of one or two other Italian restaurants that are worth my time, and this place meets my high standards without a doubt.
Every appetizer and every entrée is perfect...PERFECT!  I've never had a bad experience, much less a bad meal, here.  They have a brunch menu that serves the BEST Eggs Benedict I've ever had, and I don't normally even LIKE Eggs Benedict at all -- but I LOVE theirs.  They serve scrapple ("scrappola" they call it) that is absolutely delicious -- and I'm a tough customer when it comes to scrapple; I don't like anybody "fancy-ing up" my scrapple.  Monsù does scrapple right; they make it their own without overdoing anything or diverging too much from what makes scrapple so great.
Their arancini is amazing.  I've tried MAKING arancini, and it's hard...it's particularly hard to make stuffed arancini because the rice tends to fall apart when you're trying to stuff it.  They do it perfectly, and it's delicious.
I can't recommend this place enough.  Do yourself a favor...stop doing whatever you're doing, and just go...right now.  Go!Best calamari of my life! Definitely do the tourista menu. I had the calamari, a shrimp pasta, and swordfish and everything was amazing! The service was also great, the chef even came out to meet everyone and he was a very nice guy! Will absolutely be back!Any restaurant that would use a gimmick like putting horse meat on the menu just because it is in the news is a restaurant with a severe lack of integrity.  What's next, pink slime burgers?Easily the best Italian food I've had in Philly. It was carefully prepared and incredibly flavorful; the restaurant is small so the chef really takes care of you. The tasting menu is an incredible deal as well. I highly recommend this place.Wow, what a fantastic place. We have been twice and thoroughly enjoyed both meals. It is a cash only, BYOB place with a very friendly staff. I have had the tavola caldi (mixed plate of food), and the eggs benedict with pork, and some other delicious stuff. I don't even like eggs benedict but I will order that plat every time. Plus, their foccaccia bread with oil is to so delicious....love this restaurant!Went for dinner on a hot summer night in early July 2012.
I had high hopes, unfortunately, I wasn't impressed. Overall, the food wasn't bad but it is also not spectacular. I wanted to like to the food but I thought they were all over-seasoned (read: very salty).
The saffron rice ball was pretty good.
The tagliatelle with mushrooms was so salty that it was almost inedible.
The mackerel was okay.
The Osso Bucco was tender but lacks in flavor (perhaps after the tagliatell my taste buds were numb).I love Modo Mio.  I love Paesano's.  So Monsu was clearly the next place to go for me.  Walking in to the old Paesano's location really made me want a Paesano's sandwich more than anything.  For Paesano's fans, I don't think there is enough of a decor change to elicit any other reaction than missing Paesono's.
On to the food.  I must say, it probably would have gotten 4 stars but for my entree.  We started with the mussels, the grilled mozzarella, and the arancia.  The short rib ragu in the arancia was delicious.  The mussels and the grilled mozzarella were satisfying, but not knock your socks off.  
We then moved on to a half pasta dish.  I really like the fact that you can order a half-pasta, especially because all of the pastas sounded amazing.  We ordered the casatelle - which was fantastic.  Our dining partners shared the gnocci and really enjoyed that as well.
On to the entrees . . . . we ordered the rib - eye and were pretty disappointed with it.  It was over-salted and just not a great dish.   Our dining companions chose the osso bucco, which they seemed to enjoy.
I left wishing we'd ordered more pastas instead of opting for the entrees.  So I think I will definitely go back, but just stick to the pastas.Came here last weekend with a gluten free friend who was happy with her menu choices. I ordered the 'eggs basildict' which was a delicious Italian take on benedict. The breakfast potatoes weren't that great but I was already full from the eggs anyways. Service was good and the prices were decent. Overall great brunch!This is a great secret spot in Philly. I have been here twice. First was for brunch and everything was delicious. Last time i took my whole family who was in town for my graduation. I love the atmosphere and the service! Everybody is nice and helpful and the small restaurant feels very cozy. The food is very good, i love the tasting menu because allows you to try different things for 40$. You must be wondering why i gave them four stars. Well, most of the food including the home made bread and the desserts (tiramisu) were great, but two of them: the gnochi and the vegetarian pasta with mushrooms and lemon not so much. Too much lemon on them for me, i also asked to have the rest of my food in a box to take it home and they forgot about it. Nevertheless I still like it a lot and i'll definitely would go back next time i'm in town.Monsu is one of those restaurants that makes me wish for a half star. I wish I could give them 4 and 1/2 stars. I don't think it's 5-star worthy but it definitely is above 4-star. Let me present my case. We went there because really we couldn't get a reservation at Modo Mio. Grilled octopus was disappointing but Gnocci was literally THE best of my life! I got the good ol' eggplant parmesan w/ spaghettis. they were good but I wasn't blown away. However, the reason for their half star is that the leftovers of my dish was SO SO SO good. I don't ever recall a leftover being better than actual fresh dish at the restaurant. I do like BYO, that's always a plus. So I think this place deserves a return visit.Monsu is a small resturant nestled in the neighborhoods in South Philly.  The atmosphere is homey, warm, and inviting.  With the bread they serve a fresh mozzarella ball in olive oil, delicious!  Their menu changes, but the food is delicious.  Pastas are fresh and flavorful.  I just wish they had desserts without nuts (I'm allergic).  Keep in mind it's a BYOB and CASH only!Monsu was very good.
There was a complimentary bite of blowfish and sweet berries on a cracker that was interesting. Couldn't taste any fish though and a bit sweet for an appetizer.
The snail appetizer was very delicious. Great sauce. Highly recommend trying it.
Gnocchi was delicious. I like the bit of pistachio crumbs that gave it a nice crunch.
Tagliatelle was very nice. Mushrooms were delicious. Pasta was fresh.
Serving sizes were not large but actually perfect if you don't want to be stuffed since pasta can be heavy.
Friendly service- The waitress was very warm but it was hard to hear the laundry list of specials. Cash only and BYO.
Overall a good place to try out.Pretty fabulous.
They have an option to do a tasting menu, which I highly recommend. I went with my wife and another couple so we coordinated and all got different things to share. Some highlights: Arancia was awesome. A fried rice ball is good on its own, but top it with a killer bolognese and you are in heaven. The octopus salad may have been my favorite item on the menu. Mussels were great, the gnocchi excellent, and the veal chop was a monster hunk of meat, yet cooked perfectly. I had the pork loin for my entree (the maiale). It was awesome, pork topped with fried sopresatta and  a fried egg. Really great stuff. 
The food was wonderful, my only complaints are these, the decor is awful, but I don't typically go out to eat based on the decor. If I did, I never would have gone in to Monsu. It's so plain and cheesy, but with food like that, I don't care what is on the walls. My second minor gripe is the options, I wish there were more, although there is certainly something to be said about doing a few things very well rather than a ton of things just average. (By the way CASH ONLY)
I've had this place on my list for a long time, now I can't wait to go back.Man, forgot what it was like to have a 5-star meal in this city.  Everywhere I've been lately has been great, pleasant enough but nothing "special".  Monsu is special!
Here's why:
- No working website, which means no menu or OpenTable which means you kind of  have to want to eat here and can't really plan what you want ahead of time.  The element of surprise. (Yes I realize I'm saying this on the picture and sample menu site that is Yelp.)
-  Time - they gave us time!  Like, lot's of it.  8PM reservation, walked out after 10:30.  By our choosing.  And this was a Saturdee night.  Such a pleasant feeling to be able to talk to your friends, enjoy some BYO wine and not feel rushed.
- Food - duh. From the bread to the lumache (snails) to the lasagne to the beef cheek on special flat out fantastic stuff.  A large enough menu to make sure everyone is happy and keep future visits interesting.
- Value - $40 turista which includes an antipasti, a primi, a secondi, and dessert.  And they didn't skimp on size far as I could tell.  Ridiculously good deal.
- Vibe - as said no rush, relaxing, fun with great service and a lively atmosphere...yet not so lively you can't hold a conversation.  Everyone in there seemed to be having a genuinely good time.My grandparents are fresh off the boat Italians so I have very high standards for Italian cuisine and Monsu was right on the Monday. I went here for my birthday and did the tasting menu with my family, friends, and boyfriend. It is such a great deal for the tasting menu (40 bucks) and it was absolutely delicious. My favorite was the short rip gnocchi! They had a nice assortment of desserts. The portions were perfect because at the end of the meal I was full but not completely stuffed. Definitely going back!i've been meaning to make a yelp account for months, prompted by both excellent and terrible service, but this is the restaurant that finally pushed me to do it.  my boyfriend and i are both vegan, but it was our friend's birthday and monsu is (or more accurately, used to be) a favorite of hers, and we figured that we'd be able to find something to eat.  the three of us got there at our reservation time of 6:30, and her sister and her boyfriend got there ten minutes later.
one of the first things our waiter said to us was that we were off to a late start (ten minutes? really?), and he wanted to speed up the process of us ordering and eating.  we already knew we had to be out by 8, which was plenty of time to order, eat, and enjoy our meal, and i thought his tone was pretty rude right off the bat.  my boyfriend, who has been a server, disagreed, though, so i disregarded it.
after looking at the menu, we realized that there was only one veganizable pasta dish, so we planned to share that and a salad.  however, our server told us we couldn't share a pasta dish as an entree, which i guess is fine, but the way he said it was so rude and standoffish that everyone at the table was completely shocked and embarrassed.  the three surrounding tables couldn't help but hear because he kept going on and on.  i understand that a restaurant needs to make money, but there are so many different ways of saying the same thing, and if you're entire job is dependent on being personable and kind, our server should probably look for another job.  additionally, the three other people we were with ordered tons of food, so it's not like we were trying to have a cheap meal.  since there were NO vegan options (which is fine, it's not a vegan restaurant) we tried to veganize the eggplant parmigian, but he said we couldn't, which i really don't understand--i realize that most people wouldn't want to just eat eggplant and tomato sauce, but if the food is made fresh, why is it impossible to take the cheese off?  we ended up both ordering the same pasta dish with artichokes and mushrooms (without cheese) and it was delicious; we also shared the beet and arugula salad which was really fresh and also fantastic.  in all honesty, the pasta dish wouldn't have been large enough to share, so i'm glad we got two, but again, there are so many different ways of communicating the same idea.  i can get a good meal at a ton of different places, and i won't go back to a place where i received such rude service.
tl;dr
delicious food (albeit overpriced)
horrible service; will never, ever go backMy wife and I had dinner at Monsu on a Saturday evening.  It was fabulous!  The service was very attentive and helpful.  It is a BYOB which I appreciate.  We began with appetizers of escargot - which we incredibly delicious and perfectly prepared - the best I have ever tasted!  I had the roasted goat (first time for me!) and it was tasty and rich meat.  My wife had the blue fish special of the night stuffed with veggies - she loved it! The food was creatively prepared, nicely presented and flavorful. They made a good cup of decaf cappuccino too!
A couple of minor suggestions.....the tables are a bit too close together.  The restaurant was empty but they seated people close together anyway.....They should switch from paper napkins to cloth....minor things for sure.  This is a great little restaurant int he heart of the Italian Market in South Philly.  We will definitely return.
I strongly recommend it.My first time here I wasn't a fan, but I kept trying the food and boy am I glad we kept going back.  I probably write about this a lot in my reviews, but having a friendly and attentive staff can only enhance your dining experience.  Every time we go we are welcomed and offered advice on their favorite new dishes.  In addition, we had really enjoyed their curry mussels, but they were no longer making them that way.  The chef went out of his way, not once but three times, to make us this dish.  That's service!
If you want some good food and a nice staff, this is the place to go.  Enjoy!I was really hoping to love this place. It is  an adorable place with outside sitting and not even a block away from our house.
I was so exited to try it out and then very disappointed once I was done.
Why I'm only giving it 1 one star:
1. the water glasses are way way to small, specially when you are going there on a hot day and a huge room is running under one little AC unit. It was very hot and the water was not even cold due to temperature. There was one girl walking around with a jug of water, but her water was also not cold. I just gave up and asked for a glass of ice.
2.the bread. They give you literally one slice of bread that was not even that great and also they mixed the olive oil with a chunk of butter that honestly was not that great. olive oil would of been fine. Oh and also they actually forgot to give us the bread, we saw everyone else had some so once we got out meal we had to ask for it. 
3. I ordered some ravioli ala monsu which was very salty. My fiancée ordered some gnochi which claimed to have some crab meat but the crab meat was never found. 
4. The place is always busy (i don't understand why) and they only have to waitresses which considering the size your would think its ok but this particular time it was packed and the poor two waiters were running around like crazy. 
5.Oh lets not forget how they greeted us. The Host barely said hi she went straight to "we are cash only" which shocked s because we were waiting for they typical "hello, how are you? how many?"
Needless to say....i felt it was over prized and over rated. I wont go back. What a disappointed.....another bella vista failure.Everyone was very nice and attentive. Usually I do not enjoy mussels in red sauce, but I picked that option off of a recommendation and it turned out to be my favorite dish. Special thanks for the owner for the help and the hostess for pointing us in the direction of stores for alcohol (we weren't used to BYOB). A server also gave us advice on Philadelphia in general which I appreciated.
Note: they will not sell alcohol, and it's cash only.The good: arancini, home made bread, bruschetta, cheese and flash fried mozzarella appetizer topped with shrimp and arugula.
The bad: the shrimp on the appetizer tasted like it had been in the freezer for a long, long time. I got the eggplant entree and it was incredibly oily and nondescript. 
I would definitely go back, but I am steering clear of the eggplant and seafood unless it's a fresh special.This used to be one of my favorites. The last couple of times it was overheated and they tried to rush us out. The food was not as good either - in fact the grilled octopus was not eatable- the scallops were rubbery- it appears to be resting on its laurels.Huge quantities of great food.  Cheap prices. BYOB.  Very flexible on substitutions on their four-course $40 dinner.We stepped in for Sunday Brunch and I'd actually give it 3 1/2 stars if possible.  It falls somewhere between A-OK and Yay, I'm a fan.  All in all it was fine and I would like to go back one day to check out dinner at Monsu.
We walked into the restaurant at about 12:30 and the place was pretty much empty leading me to wonder if they're delving into new territory with a brunch menu.  I don't know.  The service was fine and our waiter explained the day's 2 specials and then gave us the choice of going with a tasting menu or going a la carte.  We chose a la carte.
Things started with my girl and I splitting a plate of Sicilian pancakes.  3 appropriately smaller sized pancakes topped with fresh berries, maple syrup and a dollop of ricotta cheese.  Tasty and filling.  We each went with a second course.  My girl choosing the gnocchi which was nice but a bit too salty with what seemed an unnecessary ingredient of pistachio in the sauce.  I think I fared a little better with my choice of the day's special Sicilian omelette. An omelette prepared with fresh spinach and roasted red pepper with mozzarella cheese and soppressata salami.  The omelette was banging and came with tasty sides of large wedged home fried potatoes and grilled, well done italian sausage.  Very nice.
Monsu sits in the heart of Philadelphia's Italian market surrounded by Italian bakeries, delis and restaurants.  Sunday brunch is admittedly not the best way to judge such a place but they did do a nice job with what they had to offer. One day we shall return to sample the authentic Sicilian fare and see if we can get a true taste of Italy.  Bon Appetit!!Just left monsu and it was amazing. Ordered the pork loin and it was one of the best pieces of pork I've ever had. It was topped with an egg which really set off the flavor and it basically melted in my mouth. The prices were very good. Honestly I would have paid more if they asked. The staff was great and were very attentive to our table and every other customer. Very cool atmosphere. There wasn't a table open and our food came out quick. I will definitely be back again and would highly recommend monsu to anyone looking for a great dinner.This was my second time on a Friday night. I did the tasting menu, 4 courses for $40, which was a great value for the price. Octopus was meaty. Perfect portion of gnocchi to taste but not fill up. My boyfriend had the rigatoni with rabbit that was delicious, and I normally wouldn't like rabbit meat. Service was excellent, and it was pretty crowded. Atmosphere is warm, and good for a date or girls night out.Enjoyed a wonderful evening out with close friends, it was a bit difficult to get a reservation on Saturday night on the same morning but we did in the end.  
All of the food was great.  I really enjoyed the rabbit in philo dough with a fresh salad on top!
It is a place not to miss in South Philly's Italian Market.Great brunch!  Great dinner!  Honestly brunch is as good as local hotspot Sabrina's with a fraction of the wait.  I have been for brunch three times.
Dinner is where this place truly shinesWow, It's almost 4 yrs since we were here. What's wrong with me! This is still one of the top restaurants in Philly. Meal was amazing! Go with the $40.00 per person tasting menu (3 dishes + dessert) it's a great deal and a ton of food. They say the portions are slightly smaller, but they're still very plentiful. 
The hard crusted corn bread is outstanding! Ernesto our server as well as the entire staff was perfect in every manner of service - except, one time a bus person reached in and grabbed my plate with out asking if I was done, and I wasn't - but he realized he messed up, placed it back, and sincerely apologized.
Two issues that keep me form going with 5 stars, 1- The saluted spinach was way over salted; 2- A unfinished dish we took home had a good amount of broth, but they don't use a proper container (they go cheap with all styrofoam), so all the broth drained into the bag - a big mess, and now no broth to finish the dish. Not very professional for such an amazing restaurant. They need to spend a little money and provide a quality take-home container for broth dishes.Food was great!  Really fun experience in this Italian South Philly restaurant.  Appetizers to dessert the food was excellent and since you can bring your own wine this place is always a terrific place to go.Fabulous dinner. We tried the tasting menu and everything was delicious!!! Service was good and everyone was friendly. Can't wait to go back!!!Ate brunch here for the first time and had one of the best brunch experiences ever. I chose the Chef's Tasting Menu. The tasting menu was unique in that you were able to pick from the menu an appetizer, an entrée, and a desert rather than the chef selecting. This proved to be a fabulous deal as I was given more food than I could finish for only $25. I had the Sicilian fries, the eggs basilicto and the cheesecake. I ended up taking home half my entree because I was so full! The quality of the food was also amazing. Everything was cooked and flavored to perfection. The eggs were the right amount of runny and not over cooked (which is usually my biggest complaint with eggs Benedict). Additionally the potatoes served as a side were cooked so well they practically melted in my mouth. The atmosphere was relaxed and not over crowded, which I like because I find most brunch places in Philadelphia end up being packed. My only complaint was that the waitress incorrectly calculated our bill (the bill she gave us was much lower than what we owed). But she quickly corrected it when we showed her the error. Despite this, I would definitely visit this restaurant again and I look forward to trying dinner here!Michael and other staff made this anniversary meal a delightful and delicious experience.  Christine and I have had many Italian meals but not Sicilian and we were very pleased with each of the dishes, which ranged from a snails and mushroom appetizer to a range of desserts.  The ravioli with saffron risotto and over easy egg was amazing, as was the Branzino in a beurre blanc and orange sauce.  You could tell that the pasta was freshly made.  I had the $40 tasting menu and Christine ordered a separate pasta dish.  And Michael and the chef accommodated our vegetarian requests.  We paired with some affordable Sicilian wine that the PA Fine Wines and Spirits store had.  We will definitely return to try some of the other dishes. You just can't go wrong with their $40 tasting menu; it's great food and great value.I went there for lunch a couple of weekends ago and was very impressed by the food. A very nice and unpretentious place by the Italian market, with better Italian food than the Vetri restaurants in town.Excellent dinner we enjoyed everything especially the octopus salad and the Lampucca -Sicilian PaellaThis is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The food is excellent, the service is amazing and the ambiance is warm and authentic. 
At Monsu, you can buy dishes a la carte but the best deal is certainly the 4 course "Menu Tourista" that includes your choice of antipasti dish, pasta dish, entree and dessert. 
I have been here probably 5 to 10 times and have never had a disappointing dish. Plus, the menu is constantly changing so there are always new options. Although this is an Italian restaurant in the Italian market, it is very special because they specialize in Sicilian Italian cuisine. It is very seafood heavy and is much earthier than most Italian food. 
The service is fantastic. Every one of them are so nice and personable and are very knowledgeable about the menu and food. 
It is cash only and is a byo. I would call ahead to make a reservation! The restaurant is not very big and fills up quickly. 
If you have not been here, you need to go! It's Philly's hidden gem.We went for brunch the first weekend after it opened.  There was a minor hiccup in the kitchen and the staff almost had to close down for the day,  but the manager from Modo stepped in, called Pete McAndrews who showed up in a flash to set things right.
Everything was excellent! The food, atmosphere, pricing and staff were great.  Watching the line at Sabrina's was entertaining too.
The fresh bread and dip set on the table was gobbled up quickly.  I had their version of Eggs Benedict and it was amazing. My dining companions each enjoyed their entries as well, but I don't recall exactly what they ordered. We also tried the fried cheese and ravioli...both were spectacular.
One last note about the staff - WONDERFUL!  They were attentitive and knowledable.  The chef even came out to check on us.
We had an all-around fantastic experience.Hmm.....I came here on a Friday night with a reservation for 8 people at 9PM. They were pretty busy, the family that was sitting at our table, did not leave until almost 10PM. I was a little hangry and annoyed by the wait time. Because there were 8 of us, we had to do the tasting menu which was fine. I got their n'salata, gnocchi, and their special for the night which was some sort of breaded steak(I forgot the name). The salad was good, the gnocchi was SO SALTY. Omg. Salt salt salt. Including the steak. But the steak wasn't as salty as the gnocchi. It's a shame because I really liked the flavor of the gnocchi, just tooooo much salt. What's funny is, this place was recommended by someone and they said "I told you my mom likes the place because everything tastes like salt!" Totally missed that part. Haha 
anyways, I've tried my friends dishes as well. The cozze modo mio(mussels) were delicious in a white wine sauce. The mozzarella en carozza was good;basically a grilled cheese. Can't go wrong with that. The tonnarelli was also good. Ohh the fried risotto ball (arancia) was quite interesting....I didn't like it. And to my surprise, the veal was not good to me. Bland, not super tasteful. At the end, we got a taste of each dessert they had. Our waiter named/described each dessert but I realized when I got home, that they did not give us some desserts they had named. Weird?? I don't know. The tiramisu was to die for. That was my favorite. 
I must say, some of the food was good and others were not. We were there until midnight because the food took sooooo long to come out. Most of my party was getting tired just sitting around waiting.. I know they were busy but being at a restaurant from 9-12am is a little too long for me. Granted we even had to wait almost an hour just to sit down. Blah I had higher expectations for this place. I only took pictures of a few dishes.Best Gnocchi i ever had. Do yourself a favor and order the entree size- you will not regret it.Located in Italian Market of South Philadelphia this Sicilian Restaurant is family owned, it's quaint and cozy, white table cloth and great, welll...exceptional service. The food is fresh, locally sourced seafood and produce. Michelle is an awesome hostess, very friendly and warm service.we had a really wonderful dinner at monsu tonight. unfortunately it was ruined at the end by a rude maitre'd, which is why it gets four rather than the five stars i would like to give it. we were a party of six and were given the round table off to the side of the door. parties of six are required to get the tasting menu, which includes four courses. everything was totally delicious. we were nervous we wouldn't be able to eat all of the food, but  servings were downsized a bit for the tasting menu and there was a lot of time between courses. but apparently they gave us too much time between courses because before we had finished our desserts, the maitre'd informed us that a party had been waiting 20 minutes for our table and we should leave; he did not apologize and seemed to be suggesting that we were being rude for staying so long. we felt blindsided, since the reason our dinner took so long was because of how they spaced out the courses. our waitress had been great, but her hard work was cancelled out by this incident. it's sad how sometimes a bad staff person can ruin a truly spectacular meal.Oh hey!! After my friend and I were fed to the brim with samples at the Italian Market, we came here for brunch. 
This place was really good... Ernesto was our server, and he was hilarious!  I ordered the gnocchi with crab and it was THE fluffiest gnocchi I've ever had.  It's the way gnocchi should be made - not dense and heavy in your stomach.  My friend had Monsu's spin on chicken and wafflers, and the orange syrup that came with it was fabulous :)
I'm not sure how this place is related to Modo Mio (I've been there and I was definitely not a fan).  I will definitely be back!Meh is right, our meal was so-so with some hits and some misses. I'd actually give Monsu 2 1/2 stars if I could. I have to say that, after hearing much hype, the meal was all-in-all a let-down. Came here for Easter dinner with my 3 children and my mother. Apps were generally good, the fried schmorza being the best. Entrees were not as good and portions were surprisingly small. My sons lamb shank special was a small bowl with a few pieces of lamb in it for $26, my daughters bistecca was 4-5 slices of steak for $25, and my pork involtini, while a decent size, was pretty bland and unexciting. My other daughters risotto was good, as were my mom's gnocchi with crabmeat. Be warned though, entrees do NOT come with anything so you must order sides to go with them, we had the potatoes and a salad which were eh. 
Desserts were also hit and miss, a lemon tart was very good, the chocolate tart with espresso glaze was very good but miniscule, and the cannoli? For a Sicilian restaurant the cannoli was disgraceful, big huge clumsy shell that was nearly impossible to break or chew with fairly good filling that wasn't even piped all the way through it, so the majority of it was hollow, lol. The bill? With tax and tip it was $210! At over $40/pp I feel the meal was not worth it, and to be honest there are too many good restaurants in Philly for me to consider returning. Our entertaining (and gorgeous) Albanian server was very good and knew the menu very well, I could've listened to her speak all day, lol. Next time I'm going back to L'Angolo.....Wow. While walking around South Philly's Italian Market on Sunday morning we chose this place at random for a bite and we ended up having some of the most delicious food we have ever tasted. The Gnocchi with sweet crab, pistachio, and lemon tomato cream was as light as a feather and melted in our mouths. Even the complimentary focaccia bread with orange chutney, fresh garlic, and olive oil dipping sauce was a mind-blower. I noticed an otherwise dignified-looking lady diner at another table licking her fingers. Enough said - the Sicilian cuisine at Monsu absolutely rocks.- TIP:  If you've been in the past few years -- try going back.  Everything is on-point, but especially the pasta is a highlight.
- CON:  Small place -- which I personally like -- but it also means that you'll often be cramped during peak dinner hours.
- BOTTOM LINE:  This is the best Italian restaurant in the Italian Market.  Much more inspired dishes than Dante Luigis, Ralphs, Vila di Roma...and they still get all of the basics right.My girlfriend and I have been looking forward to going to this restaurant since we moved to south Philly due to our love of Peter McAndrews other location, Modo Mio. First impression is a little odd due to the not so great decor, but don't let that scare you away because the food is fantastic. 
The menu changes quite frequently here just as it does at Modo Mio, so we are looking forward to coming again.Best Italian restaurant in Philly. The turista menu provides 4 courses for $40pp and is an incredible value. The menu changes regularly but never disappoints. Everything at Monsú is amazing!I have been to monsu many times and I am a fan. I especially love any type of pasta and they prepare an gnocchi  which are light and fluffy just like they are supposed to be not lumpy and heavy like so may other places serve.  I always order the $40 tasting menu it is an incredible value. Its a BYO so just grab your favorite bottle of wine and head over.   The octopus app is tender and light with an incredible flavor.Excellent service and yummy brunch selections. Staff could not have been nicer.  We are coming back for dinner!Let me first say, if you're looking for typical red sauce Italian, then don't go here. That being said, if you're looking for something a little different...this is the spot to go. The atmosphere is fantastic and the service was top notch. I will definitely be back!Came here for brunch and got the eggs basildict and the gnocchi with hazelnut, sausage, chocolate (I know but it's good, trust me!), and a hint of cinnamon.  The eggs were poached perfectly, the foccacia was fresh, and the sausage-tomato sauce was robust and flavorful.  The gnocchi dish sounds like an unlikely combination but the flavors meshed quite well and the gnocchi itself was light and cooked to perfection.  I also tried a few bites of the eggplant parm, and it was very good, with crispy (not overly fried) eggplant slices topped off with fresh mozzarella and the wonderful tomato sauce. Service was a little slow at times but still very friendly.  Definitely a good place for a savory brunch in the Italian Market.One of my favorite Italian BYOs in Philadelphia. I've eaten there about 5 times over the past 3 years and have always had a spectacular meal. My latest trip was no exception. They now have a 4-course $40 Prix Fix that includes anything on the menu. For a starter I had artichoke with fried mozzarella and greens, gnocchi with shrimp and capretto (goat) for the main course. A tiramisu completed the meal. The server asked how we wanted the meal paced, and as we were seated at 7:30, we had all the time we wanted. Great place to bring a bottle of wine you've been saving for the right meal.The food here is amazing. Sicilian, with a touch of North African. First rate in every wayHaving spent some glorious (food) days in Sicily recently, the Sicilian name of this little place in the Italian market ("monzù" is what Sicilians made of the French honorific "monsieur") proved irresistible - and we are glad we had "brunch" there today.  The menu offered at noon is quite extensive and many offerings turn out to be riffs on well-known Sicilian dishes.
The well-made arancia (fried rice ball with a delectable meat and vegetable mixture inside) got us off to a good start and the way the restaurant served its pulpo (octopus) salad - with lots of fennel and dill it resembled a very tasty green salad - turned out to be a lovely counterpoint to the creamy richness of the arancia.  As mains, we tried the gnocchi in tomato cream sauce with crab and the veal tongue dish (that was actually a dinner selection but the accommodating chef made it for us at lunch).  I enjoyed both dishes, although the crab did not do a whole lot in that rich sauce.  The tripe dish has been taken off the menu (a loss!) but there are certainly many other interesting choices of flavorful mediterranean dishes to satisfy a wide variety of tastes.
For dessert, we reverted to the "arancia" theme - this time a sweet rice-pudding ball that proved to be a satisfying end to a most enjoyable luncheon.  The fine Barolo we brought along contributed to the overall feeling of satisfaction (yes, Monsu is BYOB).
Our server was attentive and charming, we were, alas, her only customers at that moment.
I recommend Monsu to anyone who likes the full-flavored cuisine of Sicily.Sometimes I hesitate to review such a hidden neighborhood gem for fear of exposing it. I can't resist giving appropriate love to this cozy, cash-only, BYOB in the Italian market neighborhood of south Philly. 
We had the four course $40 menu and thereby tried 8 dishes so I feel confident that the exceptional tastes that I am still thinking about several days after the meal were not anomalies.
My two favorites: the snails with one of the best savory sauces I have had in a while. I asked for bread to soak up every last drop. The lasagne with sausage ragu, cinnamon, chocolate and a poached egg on top?! Yup it was as good as it sounds.
As others have noted, the deserts aren't half as good as the spectacular primi, secondi, and antipasti dishes. 
I can't wait to return because I will be thinking about those snails until I do.Came here for my birthday, Feb 2012. All I have to say is yum yum yum.
They do this interesting thing with their fresh baked bread where they serve it with a dollop of ricotta in seasoned olive oil. They had a special prix fixe menu on valentines day, but it was so delicious I ended up going to Modo Mio and Popolino within the next 6 months.
CASH ONLY meal for two was $80HIGHLY recommend doing the chef's tasting menu for $45 per person- you get four incredible dishes. The food is definitely the shining star of this place, but the service is awesome too!best sicilian food in south philly---besides my mothers!!!!!!!
love it!i was impressed and i'm a VERY picky when it comes to italian food. my first visit i only tried a few antipasti's but was very happy with all my choices.
the places gets busier as the night goes on so i recommend getting there a bit earlier... the busier it gets the less you'll see the staff but i would say it's worth the wait.Went to Monsu on a Saturday night without a reservation and got a table, though was told we would have to get up by a certain time (no problem there). We were seated and the waitress waitress rattled off what seemed like laundry list of nightly specials and put our wine in an ice bucket. As we were looking at the menu she brought us a complimentary appetizer, a sliver of fish on top of bread with a berry compote. While this was least favorite part of the meal it was complimentary so I couldn't complain. We ordered the snail appetizer for the table and it was a good size for four people to share, request extra bread so you can soak up all the delicious liquid at the bottom of the bowl. I split the gnocchi and the spaghetti with my girlfriend and though the serving sizes were smaller than expected we were both full after the meal. Both meals were extremely tasty and fresh and I would recommend this place.We went last night and it was almost as good as modo mio. The decor needs a little work but I would go again!I am not a huge fan of Italian cuisine but this place is awesome. The steak frites was fantastic. The escargot is one of my favorite dishes of all time. Their pastas are homemade and the gravy is best I have had. The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. You feel like you are part of the family when you are here. It is cash only and BYOB. I do not believe they charge a corkage fee. Incredible, authentic Italian food at reasonable prices.Visited Philly this past weekend and was introduced to Monsu. I loved the fact that it was BYOB first off. Second off, the tasting menu was a really good deal. With the menu you get an app, pasta, main, and dessert all for forty dollars. From the apps, I got the zuppa which was pretty decent but not even comparable to the appetizer my friend got which was the Italian fried cheese. That was amazing. I had the tagliatelle pasta which was my favorite part of the meal. I was so full after both of those that I barely touched my porchetta, but from what I did have, it was very good. I finished off with the chocolate torte which was also good. My friend had the eggplant parm as her main which she stated was good but nothing out of the ordinary. They give you bread with dinner with an interesting duck fat spread. It definitely was unique. The staff was awesome and attentive. Definitely a nice, quaint spot to check out in Philly. Be sure to make reservations!Spent a lovely Friday evening seated outside eating an early dinner here.  Everything was tasty, but our favorites were the lasagna and the duck.  These were rich with complex flavor without being too salty.  The "pasta alla monsu" with spicy tomato sauce, tuna and green olives made my companion exclaim: "wow, everything here is really good!"  The whole looked tempting.  Even the desserts, which sounded rather ordinary, were better than expected.  The chocolate cake had a nice caramel sauce and the panna cotta came with bright strawberries stewed with balsamic vinegar.  The tasting menu is a good deal if you're really hungry, but I'd probably be happy with just a pasta and maybe a couple of their sides if I didn't want to spend much.  If the roasted potatoes here are anything like those at Paesano's, I'd be content making a meal of them.  Also: loved the tapenade they served with the bread.
Overall: love the eclectic mix of flavors, ingredients, textures and preparations they bring in under the Sicilian theme.  It's very impressive that they pull off so many different dishes so well.
Check it out!Monsu has become a staple restaurant for me-personally and professionally. Tonight I took four out of town guests from the hotel I work at to Monsu. The guests all said it was far and away one of the best meals they've ever had. The food, ambience and staff..Ernesto in particular, make Monsu the best Italian, and by far one of the best restaurants in the city. Don't walk, Run to Monsu. I promise you will not be disappointed.We live near Monsu and decided to go there for our anniversary.  The food was delicious!  I highly recommend the shrimp appetizer with a fava bean puree.  It was heaven.  The service was good - they had many "helpers" for the server, which helped things run smoothly.  I ordered the duck in the filo dough as my entree.  My only complaint was that it was overpowered by the pesto garnish.  Otherwise, the flavor was good.  We enjoyed the atmosphere and would highly recommend it.I was going to give Monsu four stars, but they lost one because I do not like the fact that the staff is dressed in plain clothes. Very messy and unprofessional. We couldn't tell who worked there and who was just walking by our table.
I ordered the lumache, and although it was tasty, the snails were not very fresh and they put too much sugar in the recipe. I also had the gnocchi, with sweet crab, pistachio, lemon tomato cream and that was good, but *some* bites of my dish had too much salt, and some bites had none. Very strange. I also ordered he chefs' selection of fish, and there also bites of my dish had too much salt, and some bites had none. My other friends also mentioned the same thing to me in regards to salt inconsistencies.
The restaurant is easily accessible, in an area that is easy to take the bus or train or hire a driver to drop you off. There is also good parking for scooters in the area.Delicious, and 11/10 service. Super accommodating, and great with a birthday. My only complaint would be that I wish there were more vegetarian options.Everything about this place I loved. Great service, very reasonably priced, and delicious food!! Not only did their tasting menu cost less than an appetizer and meal at a mediocre Italian restaurant , it's a BYOB ! It's located in the heart of the Italian Market ( across Sabrina's) so you know it HAS to be good ! 
Summary:
Great food
Good price
BYOB 
Good service
Don't be a dummy.Yessssssssssssssssss. Met friends here for dinner last night and could not believe it had taken so long to check Monsu out. My husband and I live one block away and are huge fans of Paesano's -- were DVRing their Throwdown with Bobby Flay as we ate dinner! Monsu was awesome - the menu differed than the one I had seen online, but I was so happy. We started with the grilled mozzarella (amazing), the crispelle special (also awesome), and did two half portions of pasta: the gnocchi (be still my heart) and the bucatini. For dinner, I had the lamb done "in the style of the horse." I had to ask what this meant because it is a bit scary! I learned that in Sicily, horse is sold as street food and the owner of Monsu wanted to replicate the preparation style, but substitute lamb. I was sold and it was delicious. Other folks at my table also had the lamb, the osso buco, and the meat with the egg on it. I forget what it was called - but there were no complaints. For dessert, we split the profiteroles and flourless chocolate cake. I went to the bathroom before it was served and when I returned, it was almost gone. I WAS NOT GONE LONG! :)
Also, it is so awesome that it is BYO. With the four apps, four entrees and two desserts plus nice tip for our really awesome server, each couple paid 90 bucks. A little steep, but we ate a lot. :)Monsu's interior decorator must be_______
  A. a grandma. or B. on crack.
Nevertheless, the paper doilies, awful color scheme and non-matching plateware did not prevent me from thoroughly enjoying my dinner last night. The Arancini may have been the most unique dish I've ever had in my life. As a fried ball of saffron rice with peas and short rib ragu over a bed of nuts, caciocavallo (an Italian cheese) and some other yummy items, I found the flavors and textures to be quite appealing. The entire menu looked amazing but in the end I chose a certain entree because I saw the words "gnocchi", "sweet crabmeat", "pistachios" and "lemon cream sauce"--SOLD! It turned out to be a great choice. It's always a huge risk when you order gnocchi, because so many places don't make it right and you could end up with thick, dense pieces of dough sticking to your gumline. This gnocchi was light and pillowy, the pistachios added a great texture and the crabmeat and sauce made for a winning combination. 
I love that it's BYO and you can get an appetizer and two delicious entrees for less than $50. And I even showed up in sweats because I had been out for a run prior and was not frowned upon by anyone!
P.S. In spite of the same owners, Monsu knocks Modo Mio out of the water! I've been to Modo Mio and their boring, overly salted food and unattentive service don't even compare.Had a mediocre late-lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  The food, in general, is quite overpriced - portions were very small. Spaghetti was over-seasoned. Chicken and waffles way too sweet. Sides are not included. Charming and rustic atmosphere, but just don't expect too much else.We had a fantastic lunch here! We came with a large group and they were able to sit us easily... probably due to the fact that it was so early in the day. They brought little complementary appetizers and service was impeccable. All of the food was delicious. I really wanted to try their meatballs but I also wanted it over some pasta. They were happy to accommodate. The meatballs were excellent, just like grandma makes! My husband ordered the meatball sub, which was also fantastic. Perfect spot for lunch or dinner in the Italian QuarterWent here for brunch with a group after the Broad Street Run.  We brought champagne and the mixings for bloody mary's while they supplied the orange juice.  
Everyone loved the food.  Highlights were the Eggs Basildict, the house-made scrapple, and the lasagna.  The Basildict, which when ordered the waitress said great choice, was a perfectly poached egg on top of italian sausage and focaccia, with a tomato basil type sauce on top.  It tastes so Italian, but has that poached egg, such an interesting and delicious flavor combination.
The grilled octopus appetizer was also a hit.  The home-made fresh out of the oven foccacia with olive oil and ricotta for dipping was fantastic as well.
The chocolate hazelnut torte was the best dessert.
The staff was super friendly, and was very helpful with suggestions.  Peter McAndrews stopped by the table to say hello.  It wasn't too busy, and we were able to enjoy a leisurely meal.  I wouldn't be surprised though if this place starts getting packed for brunch once word gets out of how good it is.I was ready to love this place. As  a sicilian american i was sure it would be the best. Well-- the wait staff needs lessons in manners. My dining partners were a bit unsure about their choices; our server made no attempt to hide her annoyance and really almost "bullied" them to speed up thier decision.A good waiter would have said, " Take all the time you need, I'll stop back in a minute." The pasta? The ribbon pasta with artichoke and mushroom was WAY over- salted, tasting of nothing other than mushrooms. I cannot imagine what a half portion would have been, since it was literally the smallest portion of pasta I've ever seen. The soft-shell crab was also over-salted. I am way over that place. Don't go out oof your way to eat there. By the way, apparently a 20 percent tip wasn't enough for our server; she practically threw the change at us. Bad manners from a waitstaff makes a bad dining experience.Just amazing.  I'm gluten free and there are very few meals where it doesn't present an issue.  They are beyond accommodating and the food is fabulous.  Very thankful that Monsu exists after our beloved Modo Mio closed its doors.Wonderful experience all around. I'm not a big fan of Italian food generally speaking but this food  was different. Really  well thought out  dishes, well executed, with attentive service. Will definitely  be  back.The food here is really great. From the amuse bouche from the chef to start off the meal, a little tuna toast, through all of the courses. The smokes mozzarella's garnishes really made the dish, and hubby really liked the duck meatballs. The fresh pasta was perfectly al dente, clean flavors with a hint of mint that made it really fresh. Lasagna, eggplant, and a whole fish later, we were all stuffed and ready for a walk to work it off. 
A few cons: despite having reservations, being called several times to remind us of our res, and it being nearly empty when we got there, they didn't seem ready for us at all. They sat us in an awkward corner booth that made it difficult for the four of us to converse comfortably. Our waitress was enthusiastic, but not super attentive once our orders were placed. And in the bathroom there's a framed photo of two dead pigs in a tray over the toilet. Luckily I didn't need to go til after the meal or I might've lost my appetite. Ge-ross.
Other than that, it got warm even with the door open, but it didn't get too loud.I had dinner at Monsu last night and it was a great experience. I am vegan and the chef made a special 4 course meal just for me. It was very thoughtful of them and the meal was very good. The staff was really friendly and made the experience even better. So if you are vegan or just want to try something different, this is the place for you.