A couple friends and I stopped by for some late night milkshakes and found ourselves at More Than Just Ice Cream. Well, we just got ice cream...not fully taking advantage of what the name implies, but maybe next time.
3 milkshakes: 1 coffee, 1 chocolate, and 1 black&white malt. 
All were pretty good. Definitely satisfied the ice cream craving. I thought my coffee milkshake could have been thicker, same goes for the chocolate. The black&white was plenty thick and was probably the best of the three. Unfortunately, I did not order that one so I settled for my not so creamy coffee.
I did sample some ice cream flavors before setting on a milkshake. I tried the pumpkin pie which was AMAZING. I don't know why I didn't just get this. Maybe a milkshake isn't the way to go here.I used to love to go to this place back in the late 1980s when it was on Pine Street. Then it was a great place for brunch and ice cream. When I took my children to the current location a few weeks ago, we had small ice cream cones that were over-priced and the staff was not terribly helpful. The person who waited on me left my receipt with credit card info. sitting on the counter while she disappeared outside to pick up lunch down the street. However, the real turn-off is the price. Go to Franklin Fountain instead! They have a better selection at more reasonable prices in a more attractive setting.i've only come for ice cream so i can't attest to this establishment's other charms per the 4 and 5 star reviews. 
after dinner, a friend of mine suggested ice cream, and this was the place closest to the restaurant.  the cafe area that housed the desserts was charming though in need of some refurbishing (the entire area looked worn down.)  the ice cream was so-so...i could get the same quality product at a grocery store. plus, the ice cream melted entirely too quickly. my dining companion wasn't blown away by her selection either. in addition to ice cream, there were other baked goods - apple pie, peanut butter pie, etc. but they didn't appear all that appealing (investing in nicer display cases might help.) 
i would give this place another shot since one visit doesn't mean MTJIC isn't worth it, but i'll only stop by if i'm in the area.Pretty decent ice cream but lackluster food.  Got a tuna sandwich here online for pickup, and when I get there, they told me that they "forgot" to tell me that they don't have tuna in the restaurant tonight and can cook me something else.  So I was forced to choose another item on the menu of comparable price for them to cook.  I ended up with a grilled cheese which is teeny tiny and dry.  
Come here for Ice cream, but this place is definitely NOT "more than just ice cream".  All it really offers is ICE CREAM.Delicious ice cream!! Some other food to choose from. Service a bit slow but ice cream out of this world!!!I must say, I didn't really have anything to eat. The bf had a little cup of chocolate chip ice cream and said it was good, but really how bad can chocolate chip ice cream be??? 
4 stars just because of the huge, old-fashioned, comfy chairs we sat on (and almost fell asleep in) for 30 min. We sat right by the window and got to people watch on a rainy afternoon.Very tasty, filling meals.  Over-sized desserts (which is good).  Very attentive staff.  Lousy coffee, though.More Than Just Ice Cream....I walked in the door hungry as all hell, ready to rock out. I started off with an order of hummus...which never came.  My lady friend ordered a bowl of the turkey chili...and I am glad she went with a bowl versus a cup, because, well...the hummus never came. The turkey chili was quite delicious, and I give it a good recommendation. 
I elected to go with one of the day's specials...walnut-encrusted chicken with haricot verts and mashed root vegetables. What does that mean exactly? Parsnips instead of potatoes? Parsnips AND potatoes? I am pretty sure there was no yucca involved. LOL I digress. The mashed root veggies was the star of the plate though. The string beans tasted of charred water. The walnut-encrusted chicken was a tasty idea, but the crusting was quite overcooked, again lending a burnt flavor. The chicken came covered in a maple gravy...mild taste of maple, and it was a cream gravy. I was expecting a brown gravy with the maple flavor.
The waiter did not bring me a knife and fork, which was his second strike after the missed hummus. I was so hungry I did not care, however. I cleaned my plate thoroughly. 
On to the ice cream!!! My lady friend and I split a belgian waffle, topped with ice cream. As the man, the choice was left to me to pick the ice cream flavor. I went with cinnamon bun, and it was GREAT. The waffle was hot and freshly cooked perfectly, slightly underdone and soft which favored the ice cream on top. The creamy cinnamon flavor was very decadent, especially because it included multiple globules of cinnamon-sugarized butter.  Wowzers. 
The service was a little sketchy and I had some issues with my entree, but I would definitely come by and give them another chance. I recommend you do, too!We made a pit stop to see a friend in Philly on a road trip from Boston to Baltimore. We couldn't decide on what we wanted to eat because my girlfriend was in the mood for ice cream while I was craving a cheeseburger. Lucky for us, our friend knew about this place that could satisfy us both simultaneously.
Rating Breakdown:
2/2 Stars for Taste - I got the Cowboy Burger served rare. The patty was meaty, thick, and grilled perfectly with just the right amount of pink inside. The BBQ meat juice that had dripped onto my plate was promptly sopped up with the amazing crispy shoestring fries that came with the burger. Desserts were good, the pistachio and chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream were delicious. I wasn't terribly impressed with the Apple Brown Betty because it was a bit more apple than I would like. But if you are a fan of such things, it was warm, sweet, and moist -- very satisfying in my belly on a rainy day.
1/1Stars for Value - Most burgers and entrees were around $10 and came with a side of fries. However, large plates can also cost upward of $15, trespassing into a no-no zone for me personally. Desserts were ~$4 each but come in decent-sized portions that make them worth trying. You won't leave this place hungry, for sure. Generous portions ensure you leave here stuffed.
1/1 Stars for Customer Service - The wait staff here was definitely very hipster,  wearing colored jeans or cut-off jean shorts, which I found endearing. Our waitress was very friendly. We had been in the car for over 5 hours so we were guzzling water with no abandon. She made sure our glasses were always full, even if it meant coming back every 5 minutes or so. Also, one of my pet peeves is waiting forever for the check + receipt. The waitress sensed we were in a hurry and came back promptly after I gave her my card.
No bonus star because even though the food was good, it wasn't anything terribly special for the price. There are definitely other places I'd be more willing to drop $10 at in Philly. However, if you're in the area and in the mood for both burgers and ice cream, this is good place to stop by!A  casual and relaxing eatery in center city Philly with big windows that offer great people watching. 
A friend recommended this place for something good,quick and casual. We started off with chicken rice soap which was blistering hot and tasted freshly prepared, though it was surprisingly absent of rice. Despite not having any rice, it was a tasty satisfying soup, and chock full of fresh veggies and shredded chicken.
My friend had the buffalo wings and they were an excellent version of this dish. The chicken had nice crisp coating and juicy tender meat. The sauce was tangy and spicy, but not overly so. It sauce was just right and a very good rendition of buffalo wings. 
I had the roasted turkey club which was a decent to good sandwich prepared with good, fresh ingredients. The turkey was moist and flavorful and the accompaniments on sandwich were well-balanced and tasty. Though the sandwich could've used a bit more chutney and mustard.
We were too stuffed to have dessert even though our friend recommended this as the highlight of the restaurant. 
Service was warm,accommodating, and friendly. 
Recommended for a quick bite if you are in the area and not looking for anything too fancy or expensive.The ice cream here is delicious, portion size is very generous, and the staff is nice and patient! We had the morning coffee and rum raisin flavors. The dessert side of the place is super cute, but could be a bit cleaner. For a slow afternoon, the tables were pretty dirty and there were a few flies. The pricing for the neighborhood makes it still worthy though!Bad, bad bad!  Why?
1.  Ice cream is not quality (especially the banana & chocolate, unless you like those cheap circus peanut candies cause it tastes like that.  The chocolate is nothing special, a little bland) They use the cheapest of ice creams and the taste proves it!  ( my mother had a business and we know this brand- cheap for businesses to purchase)
2.  The counter person.  It was hours before closing when I went and all she kept saying out loud was how she was "never going to get out of here".  She complained the entire time to her coworker friends who were just as loud and non professional.
3.  Portions are good, but take out ice cream in cheap cups and the spoons can even handle a scoop before it breaks!
4.  $$$$$  If you are going to spend your money, go to Haggen Daaz! 
I would't have even given this place one star, but you have to.There's only one reason I come here: birthday cake ice cream!
Where else am I going to get crazy-colored chocolate chips in ice cream? And the fact that they make malt shakes as well as regular milkshakes is a plus. And thus far, service has been pleasant on all my visits here, including with my colleagues and our professors. Though, they really need to fix that door if they haven't already.
I really can't tell you if they really are "more than just ice cream" since I haven't had anything but ice cream here. Reading some of these reviews does prevent me from sampling the establishment's non-ice-cream-related offerings :-/ Perhaps one day I will be brave enough.
Disclaimer: review rating based on ice cream and shakes.I love love love the Teriyaki Burrito tonight it was all burrito and no teriyaki. This is something special so when it is ordered someone ought to take great care to make it what ii is supposed to be. Maybe next time.Although the name is super-corny, it's very fitting.  They do, indeed, sell More Than Just Ice Cream.  I've been here a bunch of times now for sit-down lunch and really enjoy it (the front is just a counter, but the sit-down part is in the back).  Very small, casual, laid-back dining area (but nice).  The servers are always really friendly.  The place always smells fabulous (obviously).  I'd say the prices are generally "reasonable."  Most of their food has a "home-made" taste to it.  Their hummus is very yummy, and I always get a grilled cheese sandwich, which sounds simple, right?  Oh no, my friend...  the bread they use, which i *think* is honey-wheat, is simply out of this world.  Maybe it's just me... but that there's a tastey sangwich.
OK, now about those desserts... Obviously, the ice cream is yummy.  duh.  Their apple pie looks horrific, but from what I've heard, it's amazingly good.  The main thing to know is that their portion sizes border on obnoxious.  So, either bring a friend and share, or make a dessert your main entree.  Cause ain't nobody gon' eat dat much.  It's kind of annoying, too, because it's not like you can take it home with you... (well, i guess you could... but wouldn't it get all runny and melty and gross?).  My fave is the brownie sundae.  Good God, ya'll... 
Two complaints:
1)  I noticed that the food (not the dessert food, just the foody food) tends to take forever to come out.  I know it's because everything is made to order and cooked right there in front of you in the kitchen, which is nice and all, but if you're in a bit of a hurry, as I am when I'm on my lunch break, you may get held up and a little annoyed.
2) Horrible music on the speakers.  Last time we went, it was a bunch of Cher techno-remixes, and the time before that, en entire CD of Jennifer Lopez.  Not that it's blasting or anything.... but still annoying.
Those two complaints may just be coincidental... things that only seem to happen when I'm there.the "famous" apple pie, is poor. just a large mound of cool apple slices, no flavor, just mushy. its all just schtick. was my second time there, neither was impressive, memorable, etc. better dessert options in the area if you just walk around. 
the employees were at best, disinterested. 
and to top it off, they over charged my credit card.The food was OK. We ordered mac n cheese which came with a salad and another salad with steak. 
The service was terrible. The waiter did not come to our table at all except for serving our food and asking if we were done. We didn't finish our food and asked to get our food wrapped up. For some reason, our waiter did NOT include the side salad and mixed the mac n cheese with the tomato topping it came with, which I took off and put on another plate. What right does a waiter have to mix someone's food? Why couldn't he just simply transfer the food from the plate to the styrofoam? Ugh.So the ice cream here is really great. The service on the ice cream side is always excellent, and they are very kind to the baby I typically bring in. 
The food side, however, is fairly lackluster. Service is fine, and it's an alright place to stop in for a quick lunch. However, nothing to write home about. The burgers are alright, the fries are pretty good, the salads are okay. 
I am giving it a three for the ice cream... That keeps this boat floating. If the food matched the ice cream, this would be a GREAT spot.A Gaybourhood institution! used to be a lot more fun... now rather tired.  
The food is rather decent, though a pit pricey.  I do like that one can order a salad with a burger rather than fries.  The guacamole is an embarrassment, but as a whole everything is OK.
It's the server that will make or break the experience.  There is this one chap that has been there for ages and I reckon it's because he gives the guys who frequent the place something to salivate over.  I for one am more impressed with my server's work ethic than looks.  
One one occasion, I asked for more napkins... didn't get them, another time needed an extra fork... not happening either.  Never got a refill on Iced Tea.  I once had to even ask the other server for the check because apparently he didn't feel like getting that for us either.  
If you get any other server, you'll have a decent experience as none of the others have as much 'tude.   Still, there are better places out there.Overpriced fast food joint.   Skip the pretension and just go to McDonald's down the street.  I was not impressed with the service, the selections or the food.   Only good point was the actual ice cream for dessert.   So skip the more and just get some ice cream to go.Me and my friends went here for dessert and was very disappointed with the mile high apple pie. There were too many apples and not enough crust! Also the crust was very soggy at the bottom. I shared it with two other people and we only finished one third of it and then threw it out. Atleast the ice cream was good I guess.i've been here a few times and i'm always surprised that they have a respectable assortment of vegan and vegetarian items on the dinner menu. i guess the vegan in me just notices the word ice cream. BUT IT'S MORE THAN JUST ICE CREAM !!
thanks you've been a great crowd!Stumbled upon this restaurant on accident and since then I've been waiting for a chance to get back. My rating is based solely on the food. I will say the first time I went I got a burger and a side of Mac and cheese and the Mac was horrible. It was literally just noodles and Kraft white American cheese, and my burger was sub par. However i also ordered the chicken and waffle sliders( one of the best decisions of my life) and my friend ordered the turkey meatloaf which was delicious. So based on that experience I went back yesterday and ordered the same app and meatloaf and it was just as good as the first time and the mashed potatoes were amazing. I will say the service is a little slow, and you seat yourself so it's a very casual feel. It's def worth a try even if it's just for those chicken and waffle sliders!I've been twice few years ago.  The food is average to me.  I saw the groupon deal so I thought why not give them another chance. Nothing has changed. My
Boyfriend ate half of our food to save room for the dessert.  We had cowboy burger and turkey burger. We left half of each burger and a plate of fries. Food still so so, our server was very nice EXCEPT when we asked for to go box he took the food away and never came back with our left over (technically a whole meal, a burger and fries)    We found out he threw it away.  At this point I paid for food that just get throw away. Luckily I used groupon so I didn't pay that much but still it's my food.  I walked away with no leftover that I was looking forward to eat next day. :-(.
PS: as you can see below the manager contacted me. I contacted him back but never heard from him. I thought at least I will get a free dessert or a burger as their apology.  Nothing no respond.ON DINING IN
This is my go-to neighborhood spot.  I LOVE that it's BYOB and the servers are always very laid-back and nice. It's almost like going to a friends for lunch/dinner. I recommend the thanksgiving dinner special if they offer it. Their mac-n-cheese is very yummy too. I've also had their teriyaki salmon dish with soba noddles and it was amazing (more gourmet than I anticipated from this place!)
ON TAKE OUT
Fast, consistent, and so easy to order through Seamless Web. A great option when you don't feel like cooking and want to avoid delivery fees. I've ordered a wrap and a burger 
ON THEIR BAKE GOODS/ICE CREAM
Probably the best Peanut Butter Pie I've ever had. Period, nuf said.
Their Apple Pie is huge and so comforting served warm with vanilla ice cream.
They offer a large variety of ice cream and I've never tried any flavors that didn't hit the spot.Erroneously called More than just ice cream simply because the menu covers more than desserts is a little unfair because the only thing they do well is ice cream and desserts.
I've had the food here and was pretty unhappy, so were all of my friends. Everything felt a bit stale and also a little flavorless. It's our own fault for not knowing that no one comes here for dinner.
Luckily, the desserts and ice cream concoctions make up for it pretty well. I've had cupcakes, shakes, ice cream, brownies, etc, you name it and all have been awesome. Nothing is fake-sweet here, everything is super sugary and delicious and that's the reason I keep coming back.
Word of advice to everyone else-- stick with the desserts. They may serve more than just ice cream but that doesn't mean you should order it.My waiter was very friendly but that's about as good as it got. I ordered the signature grilled cheese sandwich which comes with bacon and apple slices. What I got was two pieces of bread with a slice of cheddar melted on them with apple slices and 2 pieces of bacon thrown between them. Every time I tried to take a bite,  the apples and bacon would slide out from between. Grilled cheese should be a cohesive whole with the bread slices held together by cheese and this was definitely not. 
I then ordered the apple and blueberry crisp. Beyond the fact that it had strawberries and not blueberries, it also was very bland. The crust was also less a crisp and more just uncooked oatmeal that was warm and soggy.  My friend 's pound cake was also bland. 
They have great ideas in terms of the menu but they could benefit from a head chef who understands the basics of food  construction and spicing.More than Just Ice cream is exactly just that! 
When you walk in you might see a huge sign hanging around the restaurant seating area of the cafe/ice cream joint. That sign depicting a woman doing something naughty to her ice cream cone is the original sign of the place when it first established on Pine St. right where the Mixto restaurant now stands. A little history I learned from a patron and resident of the gayborhood. 
I tried their burger with melted cheddar and it tasted very fresh. Instead of fries they serve it with some greens and a huge slice of orange. A more healthier side dish than the norm. Most of the servers are of the homo-kind and look forward to 'you' asking questions about the many strange flavors of ice cream including birthday, which is basically bits of cake and the ice cream tastes like icing. None of us tried it...
... too much on the diabetic side. 
So if you are wondering, YES! there ice cream is the treat you've been waiting for before or after a meal there. You don't have to have more than just ice cream after all but my mint choco chip hit the spot.The place was aight.  I would not saw they have the best dessert but it's interesting. If you have a date, and want a place to experience, come to this spot.  Not bad.Loved it, had lunch there and it was delicious, had the Italian chicken special sandwhich, came with salad. The mac n cheese was a little thick for me, a little heavy but the sandwhich was good. I haven't had the sweets yet but plan on going back.BANGIN mac n cheese.
delicious ice cream.
crafty baked goods on the menu.
sexually ambiguous waitstaff -- my favorite kind.I'm never disappointed at this place. They've got the basics covered, it's a casual dining room, and it's inexpensive. Granted, you're not going to get a gourmet meal here, but would you expect to in an Ice Cream parlor (and more!)?
Favorites: The turkey burger with cranberry relish, grilled cheese, portabello sandwich. And of course, Ice Cream (though there are better places, ironically, to get ice cream, Italian Ice, gelato, etc. nearby)
I have to laugh at Paige W.'s review! I think this is the only eatery in Philly that my rural parents actually liked...Service was great, food was just okay. Came here for dinner with a friend using a Groupon that included one starter, two sandwiches/burgers and one dessert. 
Guacamole -- you could definitely tell that it was made fresh to order as they claim on the menu, but it was SO bland. There were barely any red onions, cilantro or jalapeno in it, and it looked and tasted like mashed up avocados.
Cowboy Burger -- this was pretty good. The brioche bun was toasted nicely and didn't get soggy. The patty was thick and cooked medium, which is what I asked for. Even though it had melted cheese, barbecue sauce, bacon and an onion ring, it didn't feel overly greasy. It came with fries which there were a TON of. I didn't finish it because I wanted to leave room for dessert. 
Mile-High Apple Pie -- this is ginormous! It was served warm with vanilla ice cream. Crust was nice. Overall it was yummy. But after a while I got tired of eating all those apples so I think I prefer a regular not-mile-high apple pie. 
Even though they have more than just ice cream (ha), that's probably the only thing I'd come back for.I've only been here twice and only for brunch but it is amazing!
I was a little weary the first time I went because the restaurant was empty and we were waiting forever for our food, but it was worth it! I think it takes so long because everything is so fresh. All I really got was an egg and cheese on a bagette with some breakfast potatoes on the side but it was by far the best I've ever had.
I really need to go back for dinner sometime.The guacamole is great from this place. The mile high apple pie is massive. The regular food is decent. 
Plenty of ice cream flavors. 
Groupon is offering a great deal for this restaurant right now - check it out.after getting yelp's weekly email, I was looking forward to trying the pie. Unfortunately this place didnt deliver. The lighting was creepy kind of drs office meets drug store. The apple pie looked delicious (see photos) but it was DISGUSTING. Apples were crisp with no gooeyness in the filling and a strong overall chalky taste. Something went wrong. I'm sad I wasted $10 on such a gross piece of pie. Don't be fooled by the photo--this place is lame.Love the More than Just Ice Cream is BYO. We love going for brunch . They don't try to rush you out, service is fast and friendly, and the food is great! One of our favorites when my friends get together!We stopped by for a scoop of ice cream, but definitely eyed the baked treats in the dessert case. There are a variety of fairly standard flavors ice cream. Overall, I found them a little too sweet, including the Cinnamon Bun and the Black Cherry that I sampled.Good intentions, but poor execution in some areas. Friendly staff, relaxed and quirky atmosphere (especially the music), if not the best decor. Our waiter was very attentive and nice, but a bit forgetful so some of the dishes we requested did not make it to the table.
The chicken and waffles were quite tasty, but sliders they were not. (But cut that waffle piece in half, use it to sandwich the chicken and it's close enough). We were not offered much syrup with them, and ended up requesting more on the side, so I don't think we really got to perceive the sriracha component that was supposed to be present. 
Cowboy burger was freshly made and the meat juicy, but the bottled overly sweet BBQ sauce ruined it a bit. The turkey burger was similarly fresh but suffered from a conflict in flavors: roasted garlic hummus is tasty,  but it (and possibly the spices in the patty itself) competed with a cranberry chutney I was hoping to taste. Fries needed salt, the sauteed spinach was far too oily to eat. Those who ordered enchiladas were happy enough. The place's eponymous grilled cheese lacked cheese... so that was a bit of a let-down.
We did not try the ice cream or the desserts that generally garner positive reviews but at that point we didn't want to be disappointed any further. This is an okay place with the potential to be quite nice, but it could use a little bit of editing in the menu and its execution. Stop by for the chicken and waffles, if nothing else.Not sure how I'd feel about this place for brunch or dinner, but for just ice cream, it's excellent. Right now they have a PUMPKIN flavor which is unreal. I shared the Pumpkin and Butter Pecan and I was stuffed. They're pretty generous with the serving sizes. The Strawberry Cheesecake is also delicious.The diner experience in a space that feels nothing like a diner.
The best dish that MTJIC serves up is the cajun turkey meatloaf.  It is a large portion on top of mash potatoes and they serve it up with a whole head of steamed broccoli.  The grilled cheese was also tasty with a cup of tomato bisque, the french fries were really good, thin, perfectly fried and delicious.
The service is friendly but during the dinner rush, was a bit on the slow side.I can't say how much I love coming here and eating. The servers are the best. Aeranah, Dan and even the owners wait tables.  Great place, a true Neighboor comfy spot. The food is consistent and always hot and fresh. Great deserts made in house.More Than Just Ice Cream - the place is OK.  I mean it is nothing to rave on about.  It is a decent consistent place that has been a staple in Philadelphia for years.   
Turkey Burger - probably one of the best you can get. 
Chicken Salad Sandwich - very good
Cosmopolitan Salad - seriously needs an update
Deserts - are once again OK.   We recently had their over priced pumpkin pie and it was decent.  
Also the waiters there seem to be on another planet some days. 
Will I go again?  Yes, it is a nice place to meet and grab a quick meal or ice cream.
Bathrooms were not clean.The food is eh...but the ice cream is WOW!
with all the ice cream, how can you choose? well my suggestion is come back every weekend and tackle each flavor one-at-a-time.  By far the best is when we decide to split one of their delicious brownie sundaes.  Their prices are fair, their staff is friendly and the location is easy to get to and not to busy to just lounge outside while watching the passerbys.
More Than Just Ice Cream we will see you this weekend!
ps. forgot to mention their red velvet cupcakes pure red deliciousness.Cannot rate the rockstar staff here high enough! Stopped by MTJIC one night to celebrate a friend's birthday, and chatted while waiting for our ice cream orders. The gentleman behind the counter (Toney) overheard us talking about the birthday, and stealthily brought our orders out- with a birthday candle and singing, "Happy Birthday!" We were amazed at the level of customer service and how happy he was to be doing his job. Awesome, awesome shop. Oh and did we mention- the food was incredible, too :)More than Just Ice Cream is a pretty good ice cream shop if you're looking for a basic scoop. They don't really have any exotic flavors, or anything you couldn't find at Dairy Queen. The service is good, and the prices aren't bad. Just nothing special.The desserts OTHER than ice cream are so yummy here.  The gargantuan slices of pecan or apple pie (topped with yummy ice cream, if you wish) are so great.
The sandwiches and soups are good too - but defintiely save room for dessert.  That is what  this place is famous for.  In the old days we'd get cream of broccoli soup here - so good - so rich and a slice of warm pecan pie with ice cream on top.
Mmmn mmmn!I was a little underwhelmed about this place. I expected more from reading the reviews. I only went for dessert and the mile high apple pie and cheesecake where good and worth the price. The red velvet cupcake was not too good. It tasted like a corn muffin. Bad baking day maybe? The ambiance was not what I expected and it can use some renovations. All in all it was just and ok place.3.5 out of 5.
I stopped by here the other night to have a late dessert; it's one of the few dessert places around the area open until 11pm. While my friend opted for the red velvet cupcake (which she loved), I went on to sample a bunch of the ice cream flavors. Although I'm an indecisive person, the service here was fantastic. The cashier/server was very nice about me sampling 5 different flavors, and even added in her own recommendations. I eventually went for the red velvet ice cream on top of a warm chocolate chip cookie. Although the combination was a bit sweet, it was a perfect late night dessert. 
Overall, I'd come here again if I'm in the mood for ice cream or some other classic dessert. I haven't visited the diner side, so this is just a review for the desserts. They don't have anything exotic or out of the ordinary, so More Than Just Ice Cream isn't the place to be adventurous. Still, a solid place for a sugar fix.Thanks for the one bite of chicken in my quesadilla. This place stinks. They need to fire staff members because it's embarrassing.I took my son and my friend there for dessert about a week ago and was highly disappointed by both the sundaes and the service.  The brownie in the brownie sundae was so hard it was inedible.  My 6 year old ordered the candyland sundae and it arrived without half of the components listed on the menu.  All in all the experience was less than I was expecting.Been a fan for years. It's the gayborhood diner. Basic food and swift service. Ask for Aeryanhan....she rocksLoved this place...  We came with a Groupon. It allowed us to get the turkey nachos, Turkey chili, club sandwich and waffle sundae. The staff was friendly. The location is perfect and is spacious. Great music playing. Crayons for the kids. I would come back.This place has become a dependable go-to in the last few months. The service is always great, the food is even better, and the milkshakes are definitely the best (ask Joe to make it). Never too crowded, always an open seat, fairly quick and special brunch menu on Sundays. 
Chicken salad sandwich is amazing (they use grapes); I've heard raves about the BLTs from those I've been with who've eaten it; burgers are solid; omelets, salads... you name it - if they have it, it's good. 
Take a date, take a group of friends - More Than Just Ice Cream won't disappoint!Losing charm- dirty premises, inconsistent food, depressing service: 
I'll start with the hope for new life to breathe into this formerly charming neighborhood tent pole. I'm really rooting for them. 
I have had lovely experiences here. I have had wonderful pies, cakes, milk shakes- so lovely I am willing to brave the servers who sigh with disappointment at my apologetic face: "so sorry to bother you, but I would like to buy a slice of your pie."
Until I had one or two slices of of disenchanting desserts, and then my bravery decreased. Tonight might have been the last straw, however. 
TIME: It was 9pm, (late for Philadelphia on a Sunday), and we had a sweet tooth. 
CLEANLINESS: The restaurant is usually casually shabby, but tonight's counters were covered with dirty towels, sticky dishes, and and melted lumps of cream, (front and back counters). 
FOOD: The pie was a continuation of our downward experience- burned in places and raw in others. What happened? It used to be so good! My hot chocolate was cold and more syrup than anything. 
SERVICE: The girl at the counter was her usual, "just barely tolerating a customer," posture.  I found someone who told me in a friendly tone that she was the owner, and I let her know about our experience being much lower than we expected. She explained the restaurant was out of the usual chocolate recipe, but then asked, "have you had our pie before?". I'm not sure what that had to do with the bad pie, but she said she would check up on the matter. 
She didn't really seem concerned. And that's perhaps my concern- no one at More than Ice Cream appears concerned with keeping a clean place with consistently decent food, and generally friendly service. 
I hope this changes.Nice little shop.  We asked the desk clerk at our hotel where we could find and ice cream shop.  She gave us directions to plenty of yogurt places until we insited that we "needed" real ice cream.  She sent us to More Than Just Ice Cream.  I had a double scoop in a cup.  Friendly people.  Pretty good ice cream.  If I have another ice cream craving I would go back.I've only eaten here once but the atmosphere and customer service were very good. My friend and I ordered the famous "Mile High Apple Pie" delicious! I can't wait to go back and try something else.I've been to this place a few times in the past 2 months or so because my girlfriend really likes it - I think it's pretty good.
Their dessert is great, they have a lot of different ice creams and sundaes to try out.  
Their brunch is "okay".  I've had their breakfast burrito (which does not come close to Sam's Morning Glory breakfast burritos) and found it to be a bit lack-luster.  I've also had their stuffed french toast with this raspberry sauce stuff and cream cheese on the inside.  I was real excited for it, but found the raspberry stuff to be kind of gross.  I couldn't finish it.  I've also had their chicken quesadillas and found them to be "okay."  Their service is friendly though, and you don't have to wait very long for your food.  I haven't been here for lunch but I heard they have good specials, like $8 for a sandwich and soup or something.  I'll have to try that.The staff was very nice, the gentlemen working in the front let us try several samples; I ordered a small cup of strawberry cheesecake ice cream and my cousin ordered one with an ice cream cone, the price was very good with all that ice cream they gave us and it tasted great! I'll definitely be back!I've been going here since 1986 when they were located on Pine Street. Recently ordered delivery for the first time - very disappointing. 
If you want:
1- cold, completely unseasoned shoe string fries (they would have been good if they were hot and someone cared enough to sprinkle a little bit of salt on them).
2- only two tiny plum tomatoes on a BLT that should be renamed a "BL no T".
3- cold onion rings that were well seasoned and would be good if they were hot or at least warm. 
4- no utensils, napkins or plates to eat with.
5- an expensive grilled chicken breast sandwich which had no more than 4 ounces of chicken that only covered have the decent ciabatta bread.
6- a restaurant that doesn't provide their delivery guy with insulated carry bags to keep food hot, especially when it's 19ยบ degrees outside.  
...then this is your place, but it's not mine any more. What a shame.Amazing food, astounding options, and amiable wait staff. Definitely will be coming back. Caesar salad was the best we've had. Ice cream was one of the best we've had. Lindsay was a great server!I really enjoy their brunch and lunch menu. The waiters were always attentive yet friendly. Very vegetarian friendly. I never tried any of their ice cream, but they always had a great variety of flavors to choose from. I enjoyed the veggie burger and also the Apple Cranberry Grilled Cheese Sandwich  with a side of sweet potato fries.Good ice cream, but its the apple pie that's to die for.I should preface this by saying the ice cream (or fro yo) I've had here is good.  The service is friendly and the portions are plentiful.
However, after venturing beyond frozen delights, I can say that's where the enjoyment pretty much stops.   Service was slow, which wasn't really our waiter's fault.  You can see back to the kitchen and in the 30 minutes we waited for our entrees, I saw one guy take greens out of a bucket and put them on a plate and some other guy snacking away on who knows what.  Hmm..
I ordered the BBQ chicken which came with mac and cheese and a side salad.  The mac and cheese was very good - it reminded me of the kind I used to eat as a kid (i.e. Velveeta)  I won't go as far to say that's what was used, but it had that same sort of thick, creamy texture.  The chicken was really, really overcooked.  Chicken is only supposed to be crispy if it has skin on it - not a boneless skinless breast.  They slathered it in sauce, probably hoping I wouldn't notice, but it's hard to miss when your knife can't really cut through it and it crunches in your mouth.  It had been sitting under heat lamps for a while because the sauce had that hazy film on it that is the tell tale side of old sauce.
Disappointing overall and I won't be rushing back anytime soon... except maybe for the chocolate yogurt.Sure, you can get more than just ice cream at this ice cream parlor (that has recently expanded it's menu to include lunch and dinner), but ice cream is really the best reason to visit. This place isn't super fancy, but it's a nice place to grab a cup of ice cream (I like moose tracks or birthday cake), two spoons, sit down with a friend and enjoy the simple things in life for awhile. Like ice cream.
The people behind the counter are really nice and friendly, too.So tasty, so inexpensive.  I got a regular, thinking the small size would be kiddie-size.  I was presented with a towering cone of nearly a pint of ice cream!  The maple walnut was delicious.   There was a good selection of flavors.
As the name suggests, they also have non-frozen desserts.  I can't wait to go back and try the cakes and pies.  The apple pie was large enough to fit a six-month-old child beneath the crust (not that anyone would or should attempt to do so).  The cobbler looked fresh and decadent.   On a recent visit I tried the carrot cake, which was very good.
Best of all, they are open late to satisfy your sweet tooth.The cutest little joint ever. I've came here to dine in before about 15 years ago with my mother. I remembered we had waffles with ice cream and it was the bomb.com literally. This was my first time back and it looks a bit different. I ordered the red velvet in a sugar cone, fair price! I love the flavor and had no idea it's one of the biggest favorite flavors. Love that they also deliver to my job!! Amazing. Most ice cream shops do not stand out to me only because some places that do homemade just taste heavily chemically with milk and tons of sugar, but this place does it right and the taste of their ice cream tastes more "real" and less artificially processed. Keep it up with the great work!I'm going to come clean and tell you up front that I have not been to More Than Just Ice Cream in... like.. fifteen years maybe...  It was the tumultuous ninties... Nirvana was still happening, Britney was still a teen and the famous Philadelphia Ice Storms were still the talk of the town...
But it didn't matter... because no matter how cold it was... no matter if it was raining or sunny... a group of us would always find time to cram ourselves into this little slice of Locust Street heaven.
Do they have food?  Yes... but who cares... it's all about the ice cream... specifically the Apple Pie a la Mode.  They (at least the did) serve it in what seems like foot tall homemade chunks of ooey gooey goodness with their rich, vanilla bean homemade ice cream... oh it's not a little slice of heaven.. it's a big heaping chunk!
You must go and try it.  All that being said, they do have other things there.  I just don't care.  That's how good it is.Bad service, mediocre food, my food wasn't right when I first got it, and it took shockingly long to fix (replacing grilled chicken with fried chicken on a salad)... I was looking forward to dinner originally and quite frankly was disappointed.It's taken me a while, but I HAD to write a review of More Than Just Ice Cream, as I could not have been happier with my experience here. I hosted a brunch birthday party about a month ago, and the staff at More Than Just Ice Cream were AMAZING! Our OJ never ran out, and our champagne corks were quickly popped. With a party of about 25-30 people, the staff didn't mind our loud chatter or moving around. I can imagine we weren't the easiest customers, but the staff members laughed and chatted with us, where they easily could have gotten annoyed. They managed to seat us all together, and were so accommodating. And the food was so great!! The birthday party was awesome, and all of my friends and I left raving about what a great experience we had there. To top it all off, the price of brunch was very reasonable. I will definitely be back, and suggest it to everyone I know, especially those looking for a great BYOB brunch for a big group!We have been going to this restaurant since it was on Pine Street, in the late 90s.  We still like to go to More Than Just Ice Cream, for a quick meal or dessert.  The food is consistently good, and price is just right.  It's also very convenient if you want a quick meal.  Had the Cosmopolitan salad last night.  Very good.  Ice cream is excellent, as are the desserts.  My partner had the chicken wings, which are always good.    I wish they would bring back the onion rings, though.  They had really good onion rings.  Our guests had the hummus and the burger, both of which were good. A really nice, local, convenient place to eat.  Philadelphia is a city of neighborhoods, and this place is known as the neighborhood go-to restaurant.This place has been there as long as I can remember and it has been seen as the heart of the gayborhood. Seriously, if it one day closes shop, my view of the gayborhood would have been altered. That being said, it is not my top choice for a casual meal. 
There's not much wrong with the food. Sunday brunch in here is actually great. I love their eggs benedict especially when the potatoes also come out eggy with a slice of melon. They do brunch well. Their regular menu seems to be trying a bit hard with vamped up diner food and a large dessert menu. They could have done better as two separate entities than being a two headed monster. After ordering a standard entree, there's never room for dessert and have you seen how big the desserts are? 
For a restaurant with so many burgers and sandwiches, they don't have regular fries but less than ideal wedge cut fries that are hardly crispy. I can't recommend the burgers too much anyhow, there's nothing special about them. They usually come without condiment, someone should try to make a burger sauce or some kind of aioli that you put on the side. My favorite thing on the menu would have to be the tried and true cosmopolitan salad with grilled or fried chicken depending on if you want to be bad that day. They have pretty good soup, their chicken salad sandwich comes with grapes is also quite tasty. The quesadilla and various grilled sandwich is also recommendable but do come for the brunch. (Maybe they have a different weekend chef) The ice cream is from Bassett's and it's quite good in quality. My favorite flavor is black cherry which the Reading Terminal Bassett doesn't even carry. Their huge apple pie is big enough for three people to share preferably a la mode. There are also cheesecake with creative flavors on rotation.
The employees are friendly but they also demonstrate standard gay behavior, you know you are being read when you seat that. Also they rather chitchat amongst themselves than to serve their customers. For a year or so, they had a front door that is really hard to open. God knows how many customers can't open the door and gave up or thought they were closed. Maybe business would be better if they weren't there for such a long time, or maybe it would be better if they hire older diner type waitresses a la US Queer as Folk's Debbie, or maybe they just need a renovation. For now, I'd just mostly pass by the place and admire it from a distance or come for the occasional Brunch.Creative sundae options, but could have better execution. Sundaes are served in a plastic cups which makes eating a little difficult. Server was nice and friendly though.Never a bad experience at this place.  I eat there about 4 times per week, and I can always find something fresh and delicious on the menu.
Plus, the ice cream parlor is the most delicious and varied in Center City!  How can you go wrong with fresh, delicious food along with delicious pies and ice cream?
More Than Just the best place in Center City!Brunch at this place was kind of hilarious.
The crowd is diverse--hungover younguns, couples with kids, grandparents, etc.
You sit yourself down, order, and service is kind of haphazard.  I got some coffee.  It tasted like brown water but was fine.
I also got a benedict.  It was fine.  The egg was undercooked, sure, but everything else was on point.  Was it the XIX benny?  No.  Should it have been, as it was a mere $.25 less in price?  Well, sure.  
But it was an easy, quick, and tasty brunch.  Good potatoes, too.Seriously I love desserts so it doesn't take much to get a great rating out of me, but seriously? You serve my ice cream in a cheap paper cup? All four scoops fit into a 16 oz's paper cup and we were given a cheap spoon to work with. Never minding the situation I sat down on one of the sofas to relax and enjoy our dessert with the hubby only to see spilled dried crusted ice cream on various locations of the sofa and the table infront of us. We switched sofas, but the experience was once again ruined by the cheap papercup and plastic spoons. The service did not exceed my expectations and I would never return again.I went to this place last sunday.. expecting there's a line since a 'People love us on Yelp!' sticker was on the door, there's noone there. I'm exaggerating a bit. There were 3 customers including me inside. But no sight of anyone working over there. So I was like.. '...' 
About a minute or two later, an employee came out from their hiding spot. And I saw another two came out but just continue their chatting. So I was like.. ' .__. ' ..
Anyway.. this place just like it's name.. serve more than just ice ceam. Their main products are ice cream though. They serve sundaes and limited selection of sandwich. Was about to order their sundaes (hot fudge and chocolate? yes please) but there's only me.. sad.. so I opted ice cream instead.
$2.75 (tax included) a scoop and you get to choose sugar/cake cone or waffle- which will cost you a little bit more. $7.50-ish for their sundaes. I'm not really pay attention to their sandwiches price.
Overall, this place sit between OK to meh. Exterior not appealing enough. Interior was dark and gloomy and out-of-power-esque? Plus the hassle of finding parking spot puts this place even in meh to blah range.. add the whatever employee.. lower the blah to bahh range..I will admit I have a soft spot in my heart for this place. The first time I came to Philadelphia, I was attending a workshop across the street and I stopped in here afterward. To my surprise, I bumped into an old friend who I had completely forgotten was now in Philadelphia.  So I kind of smile at this place just for that reason.
But really it's just decent food and ice cream. I usually get the baked mac'n'cheese and I've never been disappointed. The ice cream side of the shop is full of tempting treats, but the prices are kind of high.  Don't miss out on the baked goods, by the way!  The large ice cream freezers (as big as Baskin-Robbins) are the main focus, but there's also a display case with pies, cakes, and more.
I still come here every time I come to Philadelphia. It's in the Gayborhood so I'm usually somewhere nearby anyway, but I still make a point of visiting More Than Just Ice Cream.Try the HUMONGO apple pie.  With or without ice cream, it's a treat to satisfy at LEAST 4 hungry-for-dessert people.Was looking for a place to eat with my son after catching a show at Walnut Street Theater. He's a fairly picky eater but loves his desserts, so thought this would be a good fit for him. Certainly nothing fancy inside and I would say the meal was about on par with diner food. My son enjoyed his hamburger while I started with the Mac & Cheese Fritters, which came with a slightly spicy dipping sauce. This was a big appetizer, at least for one person! My entree was the BBQ chicken with a side of mac and cheese and broccoli. It was decent but nothing special. My son also had the tiramisu milkshake and for dessert had the chocolate peanut butter pie, which was pretty sweet! Service was generally good. Our waitress was quite pleasant but I did have to ask for a refill on my water.