Wings are unique, but good. Downstairs bar is better than upstairs. Table service was pretty slow and they couldn't figure out how to split a check for a large group.This is my go-to restaurant when I'm craving buffalo wings/a cheap and yummy meal. My husband took me here while we were still dating and we have been chowing down on the buffalo wings and Spanish fries ever since! 
You can't go wrong. Great wings, either naked or covered in buffalo sauce. The Spanish fries are the perfect complement. 
Tip: don't breathe in the wings because the hot sauce will make you cough.This was my home away from home when I lived a few blocks away. Their Irish potato soup rocks and their burger's are huge. My favorite thing is that they have woodchuck on tap.  If you can find the room,  their apple crisp is yummy (and meant for sharing). The service can be a little slow, but that never put a damper on my good time.Went on a Friday night, so it was pretty loud and crowded. I went to meet friends, and sat in the back. For being so crowded, the wait staff was always available and attentive. I didn't grab a bite to eat, but everyone who did said the food was pretty good. I had a few beers, their beer list isn't the best, but certainly isn't the worst. T
The prices were pretty good for the area. Pretty good for a casual group get together, if you're looking for a place to take a date, I'd advise elsewhere only because of the level of noise and how dark it is inside.Stopped in July 4th in the afternoon.  Great atmosphere.  Had the wings which were fantastic but even better was the bartender, Megan 
absolutely yummy....ooops sorry, I digress.  Seriously had a great time.  Would recommend to everyoneGood beer selection, good crowd.
I stopped in on a Sunday night, based on the reviews here. Wide selection of draft beers, including at least 6 "new" beers, which I assume means "rotating selection". Ordered a Philly steak, which I can't compare to anything else because I am from Seattle. Good, but not excellent.
Not too loud, lots of sports TV.My lady friend suggested Moriarty's for dinner thanks to their outdoor seating and cheap beers.  It was a beautiful and cool night and it was a real treat to sit outside and people watch.  We shared a chicken cheesesteak wrap and a chicken quesadilla.  The wrap was so good!  The quesadilla was good although nothing exceptional.  Prices weren't bad for Center City.  The waitress was nice although I wish she was slightly more attentive.  Both overall I liked it here and I also really loved the inside decor.  I would come back again.Best wings in Philly, period. And if you're not much of a wing person, they have plenty of other delicious Irish plates and sandwiches to choose from. A bar as well! Only thing is is that it can get pretty noisy and tight in there if it's packed, but the food is well worth a visit.Great wings, really tasty and you get a ton of them. Not too expensive, nice people, good atmosphere and location. Highly recommendedMoriarty's dishes out one killer spinach dip.
Accompanied by warm pita, this dip is served in a small bowl and is mixed with the perfect amount of fresh cream and artichokes. And it's no skimpy portion, either! Add extra pita for $1...you're likely to need two helpings. This is currently my favorite dip in the city -- by far -- and you should probably give it a shot if you're into spinach.
On a meatier note, I keep hearing about their wings here, but I'm more into burgers, so I've ordered the Locust Street (bacon and cheese) burger a couple times now. It's standard, cooked to your request, and comes with pretty good fries.
Staff here has always been friendly and I love the decor and ambiance. It's such a relaxing place to spend an afternoon with a good drink or a series of tasters. Definitely need to visit more often!I came here for Center City Sips the other day and they had rum&coke/vodka tonic specials along with chicken fingers, nachos, etc.  I wasn't really expecting much from this place, but the chicken fingers I had were actually pretty amazing.  The service was good and the atmosphere is very in your face irish pub.  Definitely will be coming back to try their normal menu items.Amazing wings! We ordered wings for superbowl sunday and they were ready on time, and amazing. Would definitely recommend them!Friends and I stopped by last Tuesday because he had heard good things about the beer selection.  We grabbed a spot at the bar but were ignored by an old mustached guy who was making shots for two drunk girls sitting at the bar.  He looked directly at us several times but never offered to make us a drink or even acknowledge our presence.  We got out without even getting a single drink.At the recommendation of the receptionist at the lovely hotel husband and I were staying, we went to dinner in a town we have never been to.  Well, we started at the bar for a drink to get a feel for the place and we were very happy with the service and the bartender was lovely. Nice crowd of friendly people at the bar. We then decided to stay for dinner. The food was deliscious, especially the wings that my husband ordered, and they are famous for.  The place is quite cute and cozy, lovely lighting and intimate seating. Lovely for a date or a crowd. Would highly recommend.Met up with some friends who happened to be here one afternoon and decided to give the Sam Adams Cherry Wheat beer a try, at our bartender's suggestion.  Great choice!  It was very light and didn't go right to my head like other beers have tended to do.  Drinks are cheap--this one was only $3!  Friendly barstaff and a fun bar atmosphere, great for midday-early evening drinks with friends.  Moriarty's has a menu as well--didn't get the chance to try anything on it but that will have to happen sooner rather than later!I usually end up here for the wings and spanish curly fries, which are amazing. I love fries and cannot resist any types of fries. but these are GOOD. The spiciness and slight sweetness infusing out of the hot peppers when you bite into the curly fries and hot peppers together gives the perfect combo. I am a fan of small wings over huge ones, and Moriarty's will serve you HUGE wings with hot sauce all over. They are def good,,, just not my styles of wings. 
This place also has a huge selection of food menu and drinks. Their happy hour drink specials are not amazing but good enough to go on a random weekday! I wish they had happy hour food specials however. That would definitely want me to go more often than only going when my friend who is obsessed with their wings wants to go. 
I'm not saying Moriarty's is a no b/c i give 3 stars..I'm just saying it's not the best and it's not my favorite b/c I know i can get better wings and fries with beer at so many other places in Center cityBilly is one of the best busboys at moriartys.  Always took time out time to treat customers like gold.   Billy has been with the bar for years.  
With all this said.  I came in tonight and a Asian manager fired him.
Moriartys is not the same without billyThe food is excellent and I love the beer selection. The place feels like a city bar you want to be at.This place never disappoints me. I enjoy the atmosphere and the food. I've had a variety of menu items and they're all great. I favor the chicken wings. I'm from Buffalo believe these are better than a lot of places back home. I travel in and out of Philly for work and always make this spot my number one food choice. 
Back again and still think it's awesome.It took 10 minutes to get greeted and waters. Literally we were sat at 12:50pm and  were greeted and watered at 1:00pm. Luckily we love their wings.Pretty good food, burgers rock!
Service can be slow when it gets crowded but the food is usually worth the wait!Always a great crowd and fantastic food. I guess I don't have to say -best wings in Philly- because that would be redundant, but seriously the best wings in PhillyThey have Tsingtao beer! Really good, nice and light.  They also have really good (and strong) martinis.  My bf and I shared the buffalo chicken wings appetizer - full wings (drumstick and wing), huge portion, and cheap! (highly recommended).  We also split the chicken parmesan (also a very huge portion) and thought it was pretty tasty - it wasn't too drenched in marinara sauce.  The ambience is quite comforting bc very kinda small and homey feeling - great place to hit for late night comfort foods.I won major bonus points today when I suggested having some of Moriarty's wings for dinner to my bf. His eyes lit up and off we went to finally FINALLY try what so many Yelpers have dubbed the best wings in Philly. After battling our way through those hefty suckas I have to say, Moriarty's makes a fine buffalo wing. 
When you first see that platter coming at you, all you can think about is how BIG they are. We're talking the whole wing, not those dinky itty bitty faux wings at most pubs. And there's a LOT of them in one order. Juicy meat, and covered in spicy goodness. Their sauce is great, lots of heat slightly compensated by a buttery base, and the blue cheese sauce is the perfect complement. 
The staff was really nice, but man was it crowded - Saturday night, so not completely unexpected, but we did arrive there on the early side (6-ish) and it was already pretty full, and quickly getting packed with people.Best wings in the city! I've tried just about everywhere and these are by far the best. An order of 10 wings  is really like 20 because you get the leg and the wing in one piece. Decent beer selection and prices for the area as well. Also has an authentic Irish pub feel inside.There is a place where the Irish celebrate and the green runs through your blood no matter what your background is. Whether it's St. Patrick's Day or just a regular weeknight or weekend, the people at Moriarity's have the Philadelphia charm. Their wings are a common order among patrons, but on a cold day I'll gladly go for a bowl of warm Irish potato soup with bangers and mash. 
The beer selection is pretty good and while pitchers aren't an option, there is plenty to talk about since the pub is decoratated with local playbill memories and water jugs that the owner collected. The chandeliers aren't the swanky kind, but instead a good quality Tiffany style that still make them classy. I can't help it, I love the style the pub has.
Even the standard fried food is pretty tasty. A classic cheeseburger with lettuce, onion and tomato is served on a fresh bun and looks like it came right from a tv ad. Biting into the burger didn't let me down either because it tasted just exactly the way I imagined it would be. French fries are part of the order and grey poupon is automatically served when the order arrives at your table. Along with an order of onion rings, a few shots of Irish whiskey and well, that's what I can safely say is pretty damn tasty.Nice bar with an excellent beer selection  They have many Imports and domestics on tap at reasonable prices.  The nachos and chicken wings are amplly sized and hit the spot after a few beers.Best chicken wings I've ever had.. Ever .. That and the Spanish fries and a cold beer are pretty much as good as it gets for me as far as bar food.. Place gets jam packed but it's worth the wait for those giant delicious chicken wings  lol..Awesome wings and awesome beer! Great way to spend a Sunday! Our waitress was super friendly too. Wings are HUGE!Very cool display of Pub Jugs that show a lot of history! This place has such a fun atmosphere and everybody is very nice who works here. Moriartys has great happy hour deals that occur 7 days a week. My favorite choice of drink was the Allagash White.A. Forgot to order the wings...smashed state was the cause
B. Walnut street burger never disappoints...was too good
C. Never ate upstairs, so it was a bonus
D. Waitress was very pleasant even though we were a hot mess
E. Bill was decent, not over the top for the amt of grub
I will always hit.They seem to have a ton of staff turnover, but food has been consistent.  Everyone is right, the wings are great, spanish fries are good as well.  Cold beer and whiskey flow for me when I am there and I can easily make it home, nice.Me and my coworkers love their wings so much we send someone to go pick them up for us all the time. No other wings will do! Also their bartenders are awesome! friendly and nice to talk to. Big fan of the Irish atmosphere. Great Irish pub in philly!Moriarty's is my main place to get a drink with friends. I like that I can get a $3 Golden Monkey during happy hour here. Their mixed drinks are really good. I typically don't go here to eat. My friend got a chicken breast entree once that was dry and mediocre. However, their wings and spinach/artichoke dip with pita bread are very good. Service is pretty good, especially considering that I always go when it's busy.My aunt and I always get the appetizer sampler sort of thing here, and the wings on the platter are the first to go. And the last time we went there (a few years ago), I was introduced to Shepard's Pie and ever since, it has become a favorite dish of mine.With all the other options around Market East, this place stays open being a solid 'drunk food' option. The later you go in there, the more sauced the patrons tend to be.
That said, it's exactly what you'd expect from a pub covered in memorabelia: sandwiches, plates of wings and fries, and then mysteriously present steaks that nobody ever seems to order.
The service is a definite bummer, but when you make a living off of taking abuse from drunk people, I don't blame them for avoiding tables.Great service. Sat at the bar and the bartender was super nice. This place is known for their wings. They're obnoxiously big but tasty. Stella only $3 during happy hour - which is awesome.Great food, Chicken Thumbs, Pierogoes, equal BOMB!  Good service!  Sports on, bust bar!  Must come.There are many reason's to stop at Moriarty's.
- You're looking for a good selection of draft beer.
- It's after midnight and you're hungry.
- You need to be abused by Dick the bartender.
I'd give them an extra half star if I could.I'm not 21 yet, so while I couldn't drink, I have to say they're food was excellent. It was also the FASTEST service I've ever experienced. I think I was in and out in about 30 minutes, without feeling rushed.Stopped in for lunch yesterday afternoon with a co-worker:
Although it initially looks like your run-of-the-mill Irish pub from the outside, Moriarty's is a step above when it comes to food and brew selection.
I started with a bottle of Leffe Blonde, which was served in the proper glassware and at a respectable temperature (i.e. not freezing cold). They offer about 40 beers on tap and have another 50 or so in bottles. I was pleased to see a nice selection of belgians (all three Chimays, La Chouffe, Atomium, Delirium Tremens, etc.) and american micros (Stone, Dogfish Head, etc.).
The bartender seemed a little on edge and wasn't really receptive to my questions about the seasonal tap offerings. The staff is often a bit tense, but that might be due to an overwhelming amount of Center City traffic.
I usually grab the buffalo wings when I stop in (they're awesome, by the way), but I wasn't too hungry, so I went with the Spanish Fries. They were spicy and delicious; mixed with assorted greens and onions. My buddy got the French Dip and that looked amazing as well.
Before we returned to the office, I decided to sneak in a Hoegaarden and Chimay White, which were both tasty enough to make the rest of the day go by rather quickly.
A nice place to stop for lunch or a quick sip.From the moment I saw this Irish Pub I was transported back to Dublin. Full menu includes Shepards Pie, Bangers and Mash, and Fish and Chips. Interior Tiffany lamps and metal ceilings add ambiance."Get out of my way!" I often want to yell this in Moriarty's, because for all that it is, it is also a bar that attracts tourists and other annoying patrons.  Goofy decoration all over the ways add to the weird, chain restaurant vibe of this Irish pub.
It's no secret that this place has great wings.  Perfect buffalo sauce, full wings that definitely came from steroid pumping chickens.  They're served up with crispy skin and come in portions that can fill even the most vacuous stomach for $10.  
The secret is that Moriarty's is actually a cool bar.  Some of the bartenders are super cool. There's always at least one beer for $3 every day, and happy hour discounts the entire beer selection.  Otherwise prices can be a bit high, but still normal for center city.
As for the rest of the menu: Who knows.  I've been here tons of times and only ever get the wings.  I suggest you do the same.They have a giant sign that reads 'fresh vegetables' hanging in bar, yet the only thing remotely healthy thing on the menu is a roasted veggie wrap that consisted of merely lettuce and tomato. I told the waitress that they left off the roasted vegetables, so she brought me a tiny cup with literally two small strips of red pepper soaked in oil most likely from a jar or can.Sat night was Karaoke night upstairs! Love. Didn't eat here, but the place was packed so must be doing something right. The bartenders were attentive and friendly.My girlfriend and I came in before back in October of 2014 based on a yahoo article siting the best places for wings throughout the nation. So we decided to give it a shot and see how it is. 
Their classic wings definitely are one of the best I've ever had. We came back again in May and had them again this time with Fried Mozzarella as supplement. They give small amounts of food but the portions are more than enough to keep you satisfied. 
We got four pieces of fried mozzarella along with red sauce to dip. The fried mozzarella was perfectly crisp on the outside and when you bite into it the mozzarella was able to keep its consistency and pull apart without dropping. By far - one of the best cooked mozzarella there is. 
Moving onto the best part - the fried chicken. They're drizzled and bathed in buffalo sauce along with the complimentary carrots and celery. It came with about 8-9 pieces of fried chicken. Perfectly fried and seasoned. The chicken was sweet and tender when you take a bite with the skin being crispy and the buffalo gives that extra kick. It comes with bleu cheese but I rarely dipped into it as the buffalo was more than enough. 
Definitely one of the best places with a warm atmosphere. A bonus is that our food came pretty quickly and our waitress was attentive which made the experience that much better. This is a place you should definitely try ou.I probably order chicken wings every where I go.... I've even eaten buff wings in Buffalo, NY... but this my friends is the real deal.
NOTHING is better than Moriarty's wings.  I once had my boyfriend who was in Philly drive 2 orders of wings back to Brooklyn for me... 2 hr drive later.... still absolutely perfect.
GIVE. ME. WINGS!The inside made me feel like I was back in Ireland. While I wouldn't want to spend an entire evening here, it's smashing for a quick drink before dinner. 
The food is a definitive pass, but the staff is friendly and makes you feel welcomed. I was actually able to fill my own class from the tap whenever I wanted- something I've never done before. Literally entertained me for a solid hour. However, all that aside, beer is slightly over priced here.A nice pub with friendly staff and patrons.  The beers were cold and they literally have the best wings I ever had! Can't wait to go back to enjoy them again!Awesome wings and cheese fries!!! Definitely worth the money and you get enough to share. Probably one of the best places to get wings and beer. Also good pork sliders and nachos. The atmosphere is very relaxing and homey. It wasn't too loud...I didn't have to yell to talk to the people I was with nor did they. It was an overall great experience. 
Try the Kona and harp beers. Founders all day IPA a good hoppy beer.Good time with good friends.  I like this bar, it's a great hang out spot.
So why only 3 instead of 4 like last time?  Got the fish and chips, and the fish tasted old (which is surprisingly hard to do if you are deep frying fish).  The tartar sauce was less than memorable (positively memorable I mean, it was memorably not so good).
Otherwise, the bartenders were attentive but not bothersome, good crowd but not overly crowded...what am I saying here - It's a great chill spot.Go to spot always, whether it's for a celebration, dinner, or a late night drink.  The ambience is awesome and also love sitting outside.  Would recommend the French onion soup. Love this place.This isn't a fine dining establishment, but it is where you'll find some of the best wings in Philadelphia. We frequent this place, every Thursday, we come for happy hour beers and wings. The wings are big and crispy and the ever-changing draft beer list will help you cool the burn from the hot sauce.Not just another Irish pub! Interesting design, big collection of whiskey jars (they are everywhere there), great food, big beer menu, affordable prices (for me, tourist from NYC). I came to Philly on February, it was snowy and cold outside, but inside the bar was cozy atmosphere and a good selection of seasonal drinks such as Moriarty`s irish coffee (it was pretty strong!) and Hot Cider with Rum and cinnamon stick. Definatly will come back there!So bad. My friends and I just went and they just got food sickness from this place. The food is passable and non memorable I don't understand how people go here more than once. Super salty for no reason. I'm so sad.Good wings?  No.  Epic wings.  And a great draft selection to boot.Very cool bar with a good atmosphere. We were well taken care of by the bartender during our 4 hour binge at the corner where my six friends and I bellied up, sipped good cocktails, ate good food, and enjoyed ourselves. The restrooms are unisex, so don't bug out when you use them. No, not Allie McBeal unisex; that'd be awkward.Loved the atmosphere of this bar.  Decorated like an Irish Christmas Party!  
Lost of activity in a Friday night in Philly.
I ordered Sheppards Pie which had good flavor but was a bit dry.  The Seafood Chowder was very good and some were the Cheese Stick Apps.So this place is decent. I would say mid prices. It is though small and cramped. The fish and chips was good but the curly fries honestly lacked flavor. Their French onion soup also was much more broth tasting than flavorful. Their chicken wings are massive, and I mean freaking huge.My favorite place for wings in Philly. You can smell the sauce as soon as you walk in the door. I rarely order anything else here except sometimes the Spanish fries.  I always recommend this place to people visiting Philly looking for a cheap meal and have never heard bad things from them. 
I often just get the wings to go ...I think they charge an extra 50 cents to do so, which is nothing.I have eaten lunch twice here now and really like this place. Great atmosphere and instead of judging ordering beers at noon its actually encouraged which makes me feel right at home. 
The food I have had: Everything you have heard about the wings are true. They are huge, and sauced to perfection. Definitely have the kick I enjoy without being overpowering. The Reuben was slightly disappointing. It was on the dry side and the kraut didn't have all that much flavor. Luckily, you can get them with the fries which are ultra crispy and well seasoned. These fries accompany the cooked to order burger I've had which was tasty although somewhat expensive at $11. 
The service is pretty standard, on the slower side if anything which can be annoying for refills. And if you go with a large group they will only split the bill on cards up to 3 ways. 3.5 stars would be my ideal score, but I'm at work on Presidents Day writing this so I must round down.I really like coming here over the summer. The best place to sit in this place is right next to the windows because they usually open it and nothing beats the feeling of the summer breeze while drinking a tall glass of Frankiskaner!I really like this place because the waitresses are always really nice and the food is solid.  I truly don't understand the "Mexican" menu, but I also haven't tried it so who am I to judge?  They have enough beer to keep me happy and the bathroom is clean :) .  I truly appreciate the fact that the kitchen is open til like 1 am, because sometimes I get started late.  Hooray!Wings were solid. Pretty big portion for wings. A little disappointed in the variety of wings offered. Courteous  service. For the price of wings it was worth it.BEST WINGS EVER and BEST SAUCE EVER
The wings here as you can guess are the best, and the sauce is perfect
I come here with a friend all the time and we usually split one order and its usually the perfect amount.
Great beer list with a nice happy hour special. Beers are usually only $3 during happy hour.
Tried a few other things on the menu but was not satisfied the cheese steak barely had any meat on it and was just ok. Thus the reason for 4 stars not 5
I would recommend just sticking with the wings here.The best wings in Philly, period! I have been going here since 1995 and have never been let down. If you want a sandwich, try the open-face Reuben. And beer, there is a huge selection. Atmosphere is fantastic and true to Irish pubs. Excellent service and outdoor seating. Can't wait to go back!I had the wings and they were juicy and crispy.  I also had the cheeseburger which was OK.  The bun was of poor quality but the meat tasted good.  Also, this place has a great beer selection.  The negative was that we sat outside on a warm summer night and there were just too many characters walking around.  Two homeless people came up to our table.  I think this establishment should see if they can put up like small bushes or some type of barrier around the tables like I see at a lot of other places with outdoor seating.  I will be back but just will never sit outside again.I've been to Moriarty's a good number of times (probably around 10 or so, if not a bit more), and it consistently provides a good atmosphere, a fairly wide variety of beers and other drinks, and good food.  When we go, it's almost always to get some of their wings, which is a favorite amongst my groups of friends.
The downside to having such a popular place is being able to keep it well-staffed, I suppose, as there have been times when flagging down a waiter or waitress has been a bit of a challenge.  Nothing so bad that it'd make me leave or not come back, but if you go on a night where every table's full, you're probably going to have a similar problem.We are always looking for a good Irish pub, but sadly this isn't one we will return to. First off, our waitress did in fact do a wonderful job. It was the food that was the problem. We almost left without ordering when we were told they were out of corned beef. But we decided to stay. I got a chicken sandwich and my wife got the fish and chips. My chicken sandwich had the smallest piece of chicken on it. My wife described her meal as plain and mostly tasteless. We both found the fries to be undercooked. To be honest we left after eating to go somewhere else because we were still hungry. We had high hopes for this place but sadly we were disappointed. There is a good local beer selection though so kudos there.I should've known to turn around when the music I hear on entering, entering a "traditional" Irish pub, I should remind you, is "I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy." The food was less impressive than the music: a Reuben that was made from low-grade meat, served cold, on untoasted bread that someone called rye but was only marbled and tasteless, from what I could judge. I had the sandwich sent back, asking for  rye bread this time and toasted. The same marbled bread returned, this time toasted, though by the time the dish was placed in front of me the toasting was a memory and again the bread was cold.Good food, great service. We went here after covering the Pope's visit to Philadelphia on Saturday and Sunday evening. We ordered a burger and chicken sandwich. Both were delicious. We sat outside on the street, which was really cool.Moriarty's? More like 221Bitchin' Baker Street. Do yourself a favor and grab a plate of wings.Very large beer selection ---    Karaoke upstairs on a Saturday night ---  full sized chicken wings (they give you the full wing)  --- staff was incredibly nice and accommodating.   The menu looked good, but I only had room for the wings.  It was a large order!  
This place was a lot of fun to hang out at.    Would love to come back at some point in the future.   There are plenty of parking garages in the area, so parking definitely isn't a problem.Moriartys quietly became my obsession for a mid day meal . I seemed to always end up there for something to eat or drink. It was the first name that came out of my mouth when asked where to go. I am a fan of their chicken ceaser salad which at times would be all i eat. I like the atmosphere but if you arent a fan of crowded places then its not for you. It gets pack really quick ,especially for happy hours,.(the wait is not too long)However if you are a fan of good food,Great/strong drinks and pretty reliable service from nice and personable waiters/ waitress then this is your spot. Its a great place to bring a person who isnt from philly,especially during the summer when it is warm out and you can sit out side and enjoy the sounds of the city.  Enjoy!I went here with my boyfriend on a Thursday night a couple weeks back. We had only previously gotten wings here, so we decided to go out on a limb and try something else. We got the chipotle chicken sandwich and needless to say it far surpassed our expectations, it was a large sanwich and was actually pretty tasty. 
We had only been to this place once before and the service was pretty good, however this time, we got there at the tail end of happy hour and it was a little crowded. Normally this doesnt bother us, but our waitress did disappear for a long time and we had to ask other waitstaff to find our server. In fact, it took a long time for our waitress to even realized we had sat down.
Judging on the food and beer alone, I would give this place a solid 4 stars, with tasty food and big portions, but the service left a little to be desired.This place felt right on a rainy fall day. The interior is dark with comfy soft chairs and friendly bartenders. They had a great draft list and sample size tasters. The bottle list was huge so I'm sure any beer drinker could find something they like. They also had a very extensive liquor offering.
We didn't look at a menu so I'm not sure about the food / pricing. But it was a nice stop for a quick drink!Great place for a burger & a beer and a perfect choice if you're in the mood for delicious wings. 
The wait for two at 7pm on a Saturday night was a half hour, but we were taken to our table after only 15 minutes. The table we were seated at was in the way of everything and everyone. Thankfully, a table close by was clearing out, so we snagged it.
As an appetizer we ordered the Nachos Supreme; same as the regular nachos but with sour cream. They were a bit spicy, but enjoyable. I needed a fork to finish because the chips were all soggy. For dinner I ordered the burger covered in mushrooms and cheese. The fries were crunchy and the burger was juicy and flavorful.
If you're up for an adventure, try the 7 layer chocolate cake. Let me know if you finish it... you'll be a better person than me.
As we were leaving, they were setting up for karaoke on the 2nd floor. I believe the chalkboard said it started at 9pm. Not sure if this happens every weekend or not, but the DJ was super nice, and was the one who suggested the chocolate cake!A decent place for a quick meal. Don't expect anything special -- your choices are something fried or a sandwich, for the most part. Great selection of beers.
Went there with a party of 8 and the hostess was kind in finding room for us, especially on a Saturday night with no prior notice. Our waitress, however, couldn't have been more miserable, completely ignoring one end of the table for a good portion of the night. I also recall seeing something on the menu about not being allowed to substitute items on the menu for others. I'm sorry but as a restaurant patron, there is NOTHING that turns me off more than a restaurant basically saying that they don't care if you're satisfied with what you order. I'm sure you can take the extra 20 seconds to factor in the price of a side salad instead of french fries.
Aside from this one sour customer service experience, the food was decent. The wings were very good, although I'm always a bit turned off by wings that legit look like they're waving at me when they arrive on my table.My fiancee and I were here about two years ago and had a good experience. Not this time. The waitress was very aloof, not particularly pleasant. So what I thought, I'm not so picky that I need to be catered to in a fancy manner, but what got to me was the manner in which the server bought out the food. We were sitting outside and she came over quickly and gave us our wrong order but managed to literally drop it hard on our table and walk away. Our waitress noticed and apologized while telling us it was someone else's order. At this point I just paid for a meal I didn't eat and walked away. I see a lot of raves for the wings in this place but for me they were huge brontosaurus-type wings. Maybe it was just a bad turn of events. Either way, won;t be pushing my luck any longer here.30 beers on tap...Need I say more? Good place to go to with friends for drinks! Not as tight as Monks or Eulogy. It's a solid bar/restaurant.