Finally made it to the 4th rendition of this space since our first Mt airy forays 20 years past.  We can no longer walk here alas... Especially since this edition is the best since early 2000s GH.  But it stands alone and forms its own place.  Mt Airy is a great neighborhood and deserves another place to call its living room- this seems to hit the right notes- diverse, sophisticated, comfortable- good burgers, fish and chips excellent, generous crab crab cakes. Great beer list- Ommegang, love city, Half acre, yards, victory.  Good food, friendly service nice atmosphere- cozy.  And the prices quite good on the reasonable for Philly.  Exceeded expectations.  Highly recommend .  Wish I could still walk here.... Thanks for getting the vibe  and food right againThis place is terrific -- excellent food and service. Much higher quality than the restaurant before it. A real Mt Airy gem.There okay. I wont give them a great review but they are defined bot trash. So when you order you'll be satisfied with the food and netflix.Food was really good!  Seems like a super chill neighborhood vibe.  Our waitress was not the best but I saw others working there who were much better so I don't think it's the place itself.  Would definitely go again but get a different server.Very solid overall.
Selection of 20 taps ranging from Miller Lite to more craft options. Tonight out of the 20, almost all were $5 or $6, with Root Down Baltic Porter topping out the menu at $7.  
Modest but sufficient vegetarian options, along the lines of hummus, fries, mac'n'cheese, salad, seitan wings, grilled cheese or veggie burger. 
Service is mixed. If you're picky, get a table. Waitstaff seems more consistent. 
The apple pie dessert is worth the trip alone, if you're down with a well done crispy pie. 
Definitely a welcome addition to Mount Airy.I likes to try mussels where ever I can find them. The place and the people were really nice. As for mussels......
I asked for it to be extremely spicy and they forgot, I just asked the waiter for red flakes but by that point my food was cold. After I took a bite it was salty and the portion was small! Also to add, 4 of them were Inedible which made me upset since the portion was already small. I don't know maybe it was the Chef that day but I'm just saying it's a hit or miss.Been here twice so far once at 9 another time right before the kitchen closed, and I'll be back again for more wings .  The tap room is a very dim, down to earth, casual ambiance, great music, TVs are muted, can you get the picture??. Right now it's perfect to sit outside by their fireplace it's just, GORGEOUS. The menu is simple and caters to vegans and meat lovers like me so far I've tried the bourbon wings(crisp not dried out when I requested them to be well done, just the right amount of sauce) , the crab cake sandwich (it was the bomb ok!!? Filler whhherrre! ) a burger ( a nice grade of meat, great aioli substitute when I said "sub out the sauce I can just do mayo") and their fries ... I'm not one that usually cares to comment on the fries but they were great too! Everything came out in perfect timing the wait wasn't awkward, had great conversation with the owner... it was a nice restaurant experience. I'd recommend to anyone.This place is solid. Very, very solid. 4.5. We have been twice - we've had 10-15 items of their fairly diverse menu and everything was great - absolutely nothing was a miss. Great and interesting beer selection and cocktails interesting and well made.To say this place is a very welcome addition to the local restaurant scene would be an understatement. For beer lovers you're not going to find a better selection than what they offer. On top of that their menu is a selection that will satisfy any and all palettes. They have updated the outdoor patio with two tables that double as fireplaces with a propane heater as well to ensure we can dine outside well into the autumn months. The staff is not only friendly but extremely knowledgeable about the beer and food offerings and after meeting the new owner it's clear that their performance reflects the leadership. Their kitchen is open to midnight every day which finally gives Mt Airy a place to get great food late at night!! You should definitely check this place out.Fantastic food, ambiance & drinks! We live about a mile away and are happier with this than Goat Hallow. You have to try this spot! Cesar's salad was fantastic... croutons & dressing have to be homemade, their that good! I had the veggie burger and my bf the crab sandwich all were amazing with delicious fries! Seriously, check this place out! Cocktail list to come in the future!
BTW: the crab cake sandwich is all meat... talk about a win!!!We have lived in Mt. Airy for 48 years, so of course, we previously went to Goat Hollow, Angie Brown's and the second incarnation of Goat Hollow. Mt. Airy Tap Room is a very welcome addition to the neighborhood, like Goat Hollow at its peak. Very diverse crowd (just like Mt. Airy), very good food and friendly, smiling servers, (Karissa is exceptional. If I owned a restaurant, I'd try to steal her.) The spicy shrimp, mac and cheese, truffle fries, chicken wings all great. Portions are gigantic, and prices are ridiculously reasonable! Great selection of beers on tap. I LOVED the dark porter, as good as Guinness. Reason why not 5 stars: a little noisy, like almost every neighborhood bar on earth, and the veggie burger a disappointment. But owner Rob Pelszynski has done a great job creating this gem. It deserves to thrive. Check it out. You'll be glad you did.This location has hosted many restaurants over the years.  We were happy to see a new group take over recently. We have now eaten here twice and have been very impressed. The beer selections are interesting and well-thought out. The food has been very, very good. We have had soups, salads, a short rib special and a burger. All were terrific. Service is attentive and pleasant. Highly recommend this place.Disappointed. Again.  I've tried so hard to like MATaproom.  I want to.  I do.  Maybe carnivores have better luck.  Ordered the mushroom soup which might have been okay as a cup o soup.  As a bowl, it was just way too heavy.  It felt like eating condensed soup that hadn't been diluted. On second thought even a cup might have been too much.  The seitan buffalo wings were, in a word, terrible.  Dunno if they were overcooked but they were dry and just tasted bad.  There was also very little buffalo sauce.  I've had veggie wings many times and I usually love them but these, I literally couldn't/wouldn't eat.  Very disappointed.  Will only come here for beer from now on!A hidden gem !!! I can't say enough good things. The food is delicious. The glass of wine was amazing. All of the staff is super friendly from the bartender to the hostess. Go check them out you won't be disappointed!Possibly one of the best old fashions I've had at a bar. Additionally, the fish and chips were large portioned and perfectly cooked. This place is s real gem.We decided to give this new place a shot since the grand opening madness seemed to have subsided. There were lots of fun options for appetizers so we went with the bourbon honey bbq wings, bacon and blue cheese mussels and crab Mac and cheese (not pictured). All were mediocre at best and the mussels were VERY salty (& I am someone who likes salt). I would generally sop up the broth the mussels are in with the bread provided but I couldn't even do that because the salt content was that bad. We also tried to MAT Burger which has caramel used onions, mushrooms and gruyere. Again, mediocre at best. The fries that came along with it were pretty good and crispy though which was a nice surprise. There was nothing about this dinner that made us say we'd come back again. So, we came, gave it a shot, and we won't be back.Amazing food, service and atmosphere. Well done. Accommodated a party of 10. All meals were perfect. Great craft beer selection, about 20 beers on tap. I had the herb crusted salmon, the veggie mix was very tasteful, sweet and smoky flavors. May daughter had the steak, medium rare, cooked to perfection, very tender. The kids enjoyed everything, epecially the brownie dessert. Highly recommend.We used to frequent Goat Hollow and we are happy to see Mount Airy Tap Room following in "the goat's" footsteps- but better! There's a very welcoming vibe, delicious rotating drafts and a revamped menu. Loving the addition of the veggie rice bowl. Great spot for a beer and a bite.Holy YUM!!  We sat at the bar and had a drink waiting for our table. Barkeep waited on us immediately!  I think I may give 5 stars just for this. Drinks were excellent. Our table was ready pretty quickly. There were a lot of families and I was very happy when they put my husband and I in a quaint little corner away from kids. Date night!
We started with honey BBQ wings. They were very good. Not too much sauce, but well coated. I had the crab cakes. I received 2 huge crab cakes that were some of the best crab cakes I have ever had. No FILLER in these cakes!  The accompanying rice was a little under cooked but the roasted veggies were excellent. For dessert, I had the brownie. Very good. My husband had the steak and fries. He said the steak was done perfectly and had an excellent flavor. The fries were done perfectly!  The side salad was also very good. He ended with the apple pie and was very happy!
Service was excellent!  Very pleasant waitress, as well as serving staff. Drinks were filled promptly. We got to sit and talk while we waited for our appetizer and decided on our meal. It took me forever to figure out what I wanted because everything sounded great. 
The menu is family friendly but it's also a quaint date place or a place to meet friends. We definitely will be back with the kids (or without).In this age of COVID, this is one of the few places I feel comfortable eating at. 
We're still being really careful and at the moment I will not eat at any indoor dining establishment, and I'm not a fan of sitting on the sidewalk or in the street on Germantown Ave. in Chestnut Hill. Those places lot a little too close for comfort.
Mt. Airy Tap is really nice in so much as they have a nice outdoor space off the street, where they keep the tables appropriately spread apart. The service is great, and so it the food. I really like their French fries. I also like that they serve their food on proper ceramic plates and the drinks come in real glasses, with a generous pour. 
They also have seating out on the sidewalk, which I would still prefer over anything along busy G'town Ave. I was a fan of this place already before the Spring, but looking at their set up since opening for outdoor dining after the big shutdown, I'm an even bigger fan.Very excited to have this place in walking distance! There were about 18 beers on tap (almost all local), wine, and a full bar. The menu is typical brewpub food and well-edited. High quality proteins - the chicken wings tasted like Bell and Evans, the cod in the fish and chips was clean and plump (plus the batter perfectly fried), and the crab cake had the right balance of binder to meat.
It was the second night open and there were lots of kids there early, so very kid friendly. The space was nicely refreshed but familiar, and the neighbors kept coming in the door. A nice buzz about it, but not too loud. Looking forward to being a regular.Great replacement for Goat Hollow, chill vibes, nice selection of beers, nice big tv in the middle of the bar to catch the Birds, Sixers or Flyers, always a good soundtrack playing  in the background. Right up my alley. Very Mount Airy, take it from a Mount Airy Jawn.So stoked to have this place open in Mount Airy. My wife and I have been in maybe four times over the last two weeks. Dinner twice. Just grabbing a drink, quick nosh and convo the other times. Pub fare-style food is consistent and good. Solid craft beer list. Thoughtful wine list. The room has been been warmed up with the addition of wood paneling, more comfortable bar stools, and a fresh overhaul. Good playlists.Amazing food and super fast delivery! Mount Airy Tap Room has become our favorite neighborhood place!Went here for the first time last night. It's understated in a nice neighborhood setting. The service was great and the food was great value. We had a hamburger, Cesar salad, shrimp poboy, and a grain bowl. All were fantastic. We will be back her soon.This place gets an easy 5 stars, and outstanding Mt. Airy institution. Very respectable draft beer selection, including a cask, okay number of vegetarian selections (check out the vegetarian Bahn Mi or the Hummus appetizer), more than reasonable serving sizes, very pleasant outdoor seating, and even during busy hours, the servers are so attentive. My deputy Yelper has given consistent 5 stars to the Streak Frites as well as the MATR Burger. The Fried Brussels Sprout appetizer is very good, but be forewarned - it's huge, so plan on sharing or skip your entree order. The Fish & Chips, Shrimp Po'Boy, and Crab Cake Sandwich - all very good, with fries or substitute the salad. Nice presentation, with pickles, etc. My only minor complaint is that the Veggie Burger is not house-made, so it seems a bit perfunctory. It's okay, but not a favorite.
I can heartily recommend the brownie dessert, and the beignets are good. 
I recommend calling to reserve a table, especially if you want the outdoor seating.Excellent staff, wonderful beer list, and a delicious tofu banh mi sandwich that just thinking about makes me hungry for another. Fries were good too. The Kale salad with salmon added was also perfect! Finally the fish and chips were massively impressive and the plate was licked cleaned (shockingly). The chef they have in there is making some wonderful stuff!This neighborhood bar went through a couple of different owners but it's a nice little spot that has a good vibe. I went there to watch a Sixers game and grabbed a couple of beers at the bar. It seems like a family friendly place as well. I'll have to go back and try their fish and chips and there brunch after reading some good reviewsMy (very picky) nine-year-old daughter and I tried the Mt. Airy Tap Room for dinner last week and it was excellent. The service was friendly, the place looks great inside, and our burgers were awesome. The sauteed mushrooms on the M.A.T.R burger were perfect. The prices were great, too. Really happy for a spot like this within walking distance. We look forward to going back soon!I love the vibes! The lightning and decor provides a comfortable, intimate dining experience. The young hostess was very comical and friendly, and really made my night. She deserves the world!Great food
wings awesome
service ++++++
good value $$
try the drinks!
would go back
No parking but can find on street
outdoor seating with heat
Fun staff
Fish and Chips are a try
Good for dates
not a pick up place so girls your safe
Nice neighbor hood place
Accessible
try the drinks...Old Fashion+
Mule+
Phil from PhillyWhere Mt. Airy goes for dinner! Taproom is a family friendly gem of the neighborhood. With its relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff, and great meals. Taproom is our go-to place for those evenings when we want to give the stove a break but still enjoy a comforting meal.I would frequent this location when it was 'Goat Hollow', so I finally made time to check the reincarnation of the space as 'Mount Airy Taproom'!
The space has been made over into a classic brew pub which I really like.  There are high top tables; low tables and a long bar to or seating options.  I decided to sit at the bar and ask questions of the bartender!  
I like the draft options which had a good range of pilsners; stouts and ipas!  The bartender was super friendly and knowledgeable and after a good education on Mussels...I went to other that dish!  It was a good call because they were good!  
I like the vibe and energy of the place and I would return to check out the rotating draft lift and more food items!I used to think I didn't like mussels but I'm starting to really like them when done right. This generous portion we split was served with bacon, orange, Allagash White, and butter. My husband got the Crab Cake Sandwich and I got the Bourbon Bacon BBQ Grilled Chicken sandwich. We'll definitely be back to try some of the other dishes on the menu!
Service was excellent and the owner stopped to talk and ask what could be done better. It's nice to know they care about the customer experience.My boyfriend and I got take out here the other night - Shrimp Po' Boy and Crab Cake Sandwich. The servings were large and the food was decent. The interior had a nice atmosphere, good music, and friendly staff. We would go back here for drinks and possibly food to eat in (post-COVID), but probably won't go out of our way for just their food again.They've done it again!! Got there at 10:45, got a pound of wings, po'boy and a crab cake sandwich and it was Delish . The details is what I really care about I hate when a sandwich has sucky bread or lettuce... not here! They toasted the po'boy roll taste like they put butter in it, the egg wash of the shrimp was just enough crisp without being too bready, the lettuce and onion complimented everything and don't get me started on the aioli .Went here with my wife and father last night. The food was really good. It was the start of their 2nd week, so they still have some kinks to get out as far as service and speed of getting your food is concerned, but I'm sure they'll work that out. I had the beer and blue mussels which were fantastic. The taste of the shrimp po boy was great, but the bread was too thick which made it hard to eat. My jaw actually hurt after eating it, but it tasted so good I didn't mind. The cajun chicken wings were great. My father is a bit of a fish and chips snob, and he said these are the best in Philly. My wife's beet salad was also really good. The only mediocre thing were the french fries, which were nondescript. Overall, this place is great. Family-friendly. Every table was filled and people were waiting. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.We had dinner with a group of four at about 6:00 on a Saturday evening.  The space is very inviting and the staff courteous and welcoming. They have retained the central fireplace that patrons of the old Goat Hollow will remember. There is a lovely outdoor space that will be a pleasure this Spring. The restrooms were clean and spacious. The beer selection was really good. There are good vegan options, but rather limited. Now, for the food; we shared the Mac and cheese, the beet salad, and the vegan buffalo wings as appetizers. All were very good but the Mac and cheese was a standout. For entrees, we had the burger, (competently executed of good ingredients), grilled cheese sandwich ((huge, quality ingredients, but otherwise undistinguished), and the 3 bean burger (solid.) Now the bad news: the fried potatoes accompanying the burger were salted beyond edibility. The food reached our table in no discernible order. Despite the fact that there were people waiting, there was a significant wait to process our payment. Overall, I was pleased and will return as it is a very good place to entertain a group.This is a cute and comfy little place. I went for dinner with my family of 5, however due to the size, I don't think it's best for bigger parties. They have a list of different beers on tap and their cocktails were delicious. I had the apple cider mule. We ordered two appetizers: the deviled eggs were a little on the salty side but the buffalo chicken Mac and cheese was amazing. My main dish was the crab cake sandwich which was on the salty side and I added a side of truffle fries which were good. Overall the service was great but it is still new and I think they were undergoing some chef changes.Food and service is amazing! Shrimp PoBoy is enough for 2 people with so much savory plump shrimp! Monthly ritual!Came here with the parents and we really enjoyed ourselves. For appetizers we ordered wings and Brussels sprouts. Brussels sprouts were out of this world. Would comeback jsut for them. The wings were also tasty. The French onion soup was delicious. My dad ordered a Cajun pasta but they didn't include the sausage which was advertised on the menu. The steak I split with my mom- it came with a side salad and we upgraded the fries to truffle fries. Steak and fries were delicious- I wasn't a fan of the dressing on the salad but my mom enjoyed it! Will definitely be back!I am a HUGE fan of Mt Airy Taproom. Being a local, it is always nice to see new spots pop up that look to serve the community. The truffle fries are UNREAL. We have gotten just about everything on the menu! We have done both pick up and delivery. Both options are quick and always delicious. I look forward to a time when I can comfortably enjoy their indoor and outdoor space post- COVID. Friendly staff, delicious food and an all around great place. I have sent many friends here and everyone has been thrilled with the recommendation.MATR has easily become one of  my favorite restaurants. Their food is consistently delicious, I have yet to have something I didn't like! The Fried Brussel Sprouts are a particular favorite as well as the shrimp po boy and parmesan truffle fries.  During covid times they take precautions seriously and when getting delivery I appreciate that the drivers call you AFTER  they left the food on the door step. If you're looking for great beer and amazing food try Mt Airy Taproom!!Great to see something new and great in the space of the old goat hallow! Looking forward to siting outside!For our first home dinner delivery since COVID began we called Mount Airy Tap Room and ordered the Parmesan Truffle Fries, the M.A.T.R. burger and the Cajun Shrimp Pasta.  It was delivered on time. We had generous servings and even some left-overs for tomorrow.  A very enjoyable meal.Been ordering and dining in at MATR since we moved to mount airy last year. Solid food, great tap list and friendly staff. A must visit neighborhood pub!Mount Airy Tap Room really found its stride. Great outdoor space. Delicious mussels, tasty large salads, fries, brussel sprouts and burgers. Means whole family is content.I was looking for food in Abington but with all of the poor health scores and horrible reviews, it seemed worthwhile to travel the 8 miles to Mt. Airy Tap Room.  Maybe it was because of the rain, but the place was about half full on a Friday night.  
It seems to be a very casual place with a staff of about 3-5 people.  When I came in with my boyfriend and his son, we were greeting by the bartender and told we could sit anywhere.  It took about 10 minutes for the waitress to grab us some menus and water, but we got them.  I ordered the Apple Cider mule and that was pretty good, it tasted a lot like apple cake.  My only wish was that it had more sugar around the rim, what was there was barely tastable.  
Our table ordered two crab cake sandwiches and 1 bourbon BBQ sandwich.  The crab cake sandwiches definitely lived up to their reputation.  I would have like a bit more sauce, but by the time the waitress got back to us, my sandwich was eaten (by me).  The fries were plentiful.  If I was in the area I would definitely return, but not likely if I had somewhere to go next.When in the area visit this place! I am thoroughly impressed. We were seated outdoor which I think was needed for how small this place it. The portion were crazy, I order wings ( garlic and Asian flavored both amazing) entree order a salmon salad and a po boy sandwich crazy huge and actually quite good!I met a friend here for dinner the other night and was not disappointed. I have ordered takeout from them but haven't been to the actual restaurant so it was nice to see where my food was coming from. I liked that they had a large drink selection. My friend and I got Seville's eggs to share which were great and I had a burger which was good quality and came with fried as well.Delicious food and a great vibe at this local establishment. I have been here before under another name but the food and some of the servers remain in top form. The shrimp po boy was absolutely overflowing with delicious fried shrimp. I had to eat half of them before being able to close the sandwich. Definitely something I would order again. My friends had the fried chicken sandwich and the burger. Both looked tasty and were devoured quickly. The fried zucchini was crisped to perfection too. I'm glad I got to visit this place again! I will be back for sure.Mount Airy Tap was my favorite place to eat at when I lived in Mt. Airy! I ordered the Bourbon Bacon BBQ Grilled Chicken and it blew my mind how good it was. The chicken was moist and not over cooked. It was smothered in bourbon bbq sauce, where you actually could taste the bourbon flavor! The bacon was thick. As if that wasn't enough, the chicken was smothered in a sharp cheddar and ranch dressing! This meal was incredible!
They also have a very good draft list as well! Of course they'll have your Philly favorites & local beers. But they'll also include a few Belgiums as well!