Delicious & simple Italian for lunch. Great service. Can't beat a glass of wine, strong coffee, and fresh baked dessert w your meal. Lovely, lovely.Absolutely delicious homemade gnocchi!!! Hands downs one of the best in the city! Such a great experience at Mr. Joe's Cafe. A hidden gem in South Philly!! Can't wait to come backSooo adorable this place.
I love sitting back and drinking sparkling pellegrino while having good food.  Actually I wasn't sitting back, I needed a low key place to do some 'puter work, eat, and just sit for a while.  The woman in the cafe was very nice and though it was only me at first and I got great service, when it became bustling after a bit she handed out the same great service to all.  
I never felt rushed and enjoyed watching the italian south philly women sit and have their wine and pastas.  
The gnocchi and sauce were really good and a complimentary dessert was even given which was awesome.  It just needs a terrace with grape vines and it would be perfect (instead of the t.v.)   
If I had never been spoiled by working in my friends italian rest. with the best dishes ever it probably would have been  5 stars.  But no one beats his gnocchi.I was very disappointed to see the quality of their croissant . It is the worse I ever eaten.The plain one has no taste or  color, the almond one, tasted stale. They claimed its fresh. The cappuccino is nice.Please do not read this review! I don't want you to go to this restaurant. Really! I like it the way it is. It's wonderful. It's owned by Mr. Termini, Mr Joe... Very classic South Philly Italian. The meatballs are good the sausage great . The gnocchi even better. All entrees come with salad , dessert and wine. Crazy good . The have weird hours and are not open at night. Wow it's good. And they walk across the street to get the desserts. Could not be better and my favorite Italian in the whole city.Not sure if I want to review this place just because I don't want it to become overcrowded...
With every meal you get complimentary salad, wine, and dessert with order of your entrée...who does that in 21centry...Mr. Joes does.
Okay so besides this place being a great deal, the food can stand on its own two feet...the food is homemade delicious Italian food from an old school Italian family. Everything from the panini to the gnocchi is delicious ...
This place is tiny...clean and cozy inside...get their early so you don't have to wait in front of the door for 20-30mins.
CASH onlyAverage Italian food.  Pasta doesn't seem to be homemade, which is what I'm always hoping for when stopping at a place like this.  Server was great!One of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Reminds of Sunday dinners at my grandmoms.  I wish I could go more but the hours are tough with my schedule.Best meal I've had in a long time. Lunch specials come with a glass of wine. The service is attentive and the owner frequents. I really love it here. What a neighborhood gem. The only downside is the limited hours.Oh, Mr. Joe's Cafe...I love you. 
If you ever just happen to want dinner for lunch then this is your place! It's a full meal and a true South Philly Italian experience.I love this place and is a favorite for lunches. It has a great homemade taste. I also like the neighborhood feel.Amazing experience. The place is small and cash only but those are the only cons. The food is delicious and you definitely get your money's worth. 
My boyfriend and I came for lunch. I got ravioli and he got a panini. Both of our choices came with a salad and free glad of wine. Everything was delicious. When we were finished, my boyfriend went up to ask where the nearest atm was and the woman told us she'd give us each a free dessert. She didn't rush us at all and told us to relax and eat and worry about paying after we were done.
This place is amazing. I definitely plan on coming back.I have so many fond memories here!!! The food is great the people are great it's just good old school homemade italian fare!!! LOVE IT!!!I can't wait to have a real Lunch here. I stopped in yesterday after shopping at Termini's across the street. Did not have lunch yet, but just wanted a little something. Last time I was here, It was just a little cafe, small bites. The place was packed. Everyone had  gorgeous plates of Italian Food, wine glasses in hand. I said I was one, the owner took me to the counter. I told him I just wanted a little something, did not know it grew into a full fledged restaurant. He told me to sit down, take my coat off and have a bowl of soup. So sweet! A treasure. Only in S Philly!On a bad day the first place I go is Mr. Joe's. It literally is happiness on a plate. From the Chicken Parm, to the Home-made gnocchi every bite is perfection!!! On top of it Anna Marie and Mr. Joe are so welcoming it makes you feel like your visiting a beloved relative.Mr. Joe's Cafe .. If you are looking for old-world Italian charm with mouthwatering food, this is the place !
My spinach ravioli was perfectly prepared. Tender pockets of spinach ravioli pasta stuffed with a ricotta mixture in marinara sauce/gravy, that I'm still thinking about while writing this review many hours later.
How can you go wrong with a complimentary glass of wine to go with a starter salad and crunchy italian bread ?
To top it off, a delicate dessert from world-famous Termini's Bakery (which is across the street) was included with the meal. I chose a chocolate mousse cake, which was beautiful as well as delicious.
While we were there, a group of a dozen elderly Italian men were laughing and enjoying their lunch at Mr. Joes. Yes - they would certainly know a fabulous Italian meal !With its olde time furnishings I had thought this place had been around forever, but its actually just a few years old. Adding to that old school feel, the hostess/waitress Annamaria, lauded for her front of house service, makes you feel like you are being taken care of  by someone's Italian aunt. Essentially with each order you are getting a 3 course meal.
 Bread and butter comes first. And a glass of complimentary jug wine if you desire. Then a plate of salad to start your meal.
A giant roast pork panini is actually one of the least heavy things you could order. The rosemary infused pork is juicy enough to drip on to the plate.
 The gnocchi in red sauce ($16) are so smooth and light that you might be tricked in to eating way more than your stomach is comfortable with. Not to mention the gorgeously unfussy tomato sauce.
 The eggplant of the eggplant parmigiana is not fried, so its a healthy option right? Not so much, as it is covered with more melted cheese than I have ever seen on a plate. It is an excellent version of the dish with that mountain of cheese, more red sauce, and roasted eggplant that still shines through.
Save room for the dessert that comes with your order. As the restaurant is owned by the Termini family, these are not an afterthought. I don't know how I found room for it, but I loved my banana mouse cake.Find the time in your agenda for a long lunch break, and make this happen.Mr. Joe's Cafe reminded me of going to my grandmom's house for lunch. The food was out of this world and you'll never leave hungry.I love Mr. Joes!! My boyfriend and I will stop in for lunch frequently and we never leave upset...or hungry. Maria is so sweet and the desserts that are offered with the meals are always amazing.Established by Vince Termini in honor of his father, who founded the South Philly institution across the street, Termini's Bakery, in 1921. 
Normally this is the kind of place I would tell no one about and only take my most appreciative friends to, but Philly Weekly is reviewing it this week and it'll be no secret any more. 
Go to Mr. Joe's to get gnocchi bolognese, always handmade at Termini every day; or a beautifully textured egg fritatta for breakfast.  Have a glas of complimentary jug Chianti, talk to AnnaMaria about her day, and settle in.  No express lunch here- you are forced to relax.  
This place is pure Italy- espresso is pulled short and intense,  dessert nut bars are brilliantly undersweetened,  nothing is Supersized.Husband picks me up from a doctor's appointment and takes me here. What a treat!! 
It's a small little restaurant, which I assumed was going to look really old and dated, but it's very nice inside--granite countertops, new paint, and vintage decor.
They offer you wine with your meal and the food is fantastic. It's mostly paninis and some pastas along with soup. Dessert from across the street was fabulous! I was surprised at the crowd in there, I think every table was full. Everyone was in such a good mood, enjoying their wine, good food and desserts. I will say, service is a little slow, but if you have the afternoon open for a great lunch, come here!No frills old school italian. Seriously like your grandmother used to make. Only drawback is that they close early, other than that, youll love it.If I was reviewing this with the same critical stance as I use for most places I might give this four stars, but the charm and absolute lack of BS at this place compels one to somewhat overlook whatever faults may exist.
Of course the best part is that you get a complete, solid Italian meal for just the price of the entree.  Who else serves complementary wine with lunch?  You can get pasta or a panini for $12 and this all ends up being a fabulous value.  But decided to be a bit of a pig and get the veal parm with soft, delicious gnocchi and a very flavorful tomato sauce.  That was one of the specials and that was $16.  But in any case you get a lot for your money and while the food isn't anything "innovative" it's made well.
The place was mostly full and I was surrounded by ladies who lunch and easygoing, jovial older Italian men.  One of the latter kept singing a snippet of some old song (?) that fit in perfectly with the days-of-yore hominess that the place exudes.  Anna Maria (the only person working) provided pretty good service although I did have to wait my check for quite awhile.  She didn't voluntarily refill my water either but I think just giving her a little holler from your table is the way to go.  The place is quite small so you don't ever feel like a waiter is going to live and never return.
The only part of my meal that underwhelmed me just a bit was the dessert.  Maybe Termini made it? I don't know.  It was just a piece of chocolate cake.  But it wasn't bad.  It may have been the best ending to a meal which attempts to create an entire environment for the diner rather than provide a specifically culinary experience.
And just FYI, it's cash only.never had a bad meal.  they offer you a glass of wine and desert too which is great! I constantly take friends and family here and we all love it!Such a diamond in the rough! 
I'm torn about writing the review because the food is amazing! However, if Mr Joes Cafe gets too much traffic, I feel like it make take away from the ambiance that it holds.  As soon as you enter, you know you are in a welcoming place, and the food is authentic - not to mention the value for your dollar is worth everything that is included!A little Italian cafe from the family that owns the Termini bakery across the street.
Went here with the family for a Saturday brunch.  I got the gnocchi which came with salad, house red wine, and a cannoli for dessert.  YUM!!!!
+  Small, cozy location
+  Friendly waitstaff
+  Lots of added perks like a free glass of wine with your meal
+  Really close to the bakery so you can pick up dessert after!
-  Service was a bit slow, but not enough to prevent me from coming backWhat a great italian american place! Its too bad the hours are so limited (11-4:30 mon-thu, 11-5:30 fri-sat). The gnocci set meal with salad, bread, and wine is a wonderful deal.The price seems steep until you realize you get a glass of wine, bread, salad, and occasionally a special treat on the house. Very good stuff!I had the linguine with caponata. Amazing! I am still full, but wasn't full enough not to eat the delicious cannoli.  We'll be back for sure!Bread and butter comes first. And a glass of complimentary jug wine if you desire. Then a plate of salad to start your meal. What else can you ask for???
Bon appetiteI LOVE THIS PLACE. I am an Italian girl and this is the ONLY place that I have LOVED in the city and I have been to at least 5. I usually cook Italian food at home because I can cook it well. It is authentic and the cooks are actually Italian. My parents only want to come here to eat Italian food and they are a tough crowd to please when it comes to Italian food. 
Only opened until 4:30 or something like that. Check hours because closed Sundays. 
It is affordable and you get salad, pasta, wine and dessert for about 12 dollars. 
Wine is mediocre but how could you complain when it is included and the gnocci is AMAZING!!
The waitress is from Avellino Italy where my peeps are from too!
I miss this place...it is qaint, traditional  and not yuppy Italian food which is right up my alley. BTW the desserts are from Termini's as the owners own both places. LOVE the cannoli's- fresh filled which is a nice touch.One of the best unknown places in south philly ,, pasta , salad,  bread  everything just rite small menu pork very good also !We had a bad experience with the wait staff at lunchtime (1:30).    We were seated in the center of the restaurant and got water and menus . We sat and waited for 25 minutes and no one came to take our order.    The people seated immediately before us got thier food already and we didn't get  to order yet.  We left.  This was the first time we ever left a restaurant for inattentive service.If you like  excellent italian, this is the place for you.  Prices are ok, portions are well sized as all prices include a small salad, a small glass of wine, great italian bread, your main course and dessert.  The menu leaves a bit to be desired, but they always have many many specials that more than make up for it.  The specials will generally run you $16-$18.  Menu items are less.  Service is superb.  Definatly worth the trip to philly.  Just keep in mind they are only open till 5pm during the week, and 6pm on Saturaday.  This is a gem that is a must for any foodie, especially an italian foodie.
Enjoy!Mr Joe's cafe is a small and cosy restaurant in a quiet neighborhood. I love how friendly the servers were and the serving size is perfect too. For each main course you order comes with a complimentary glass of wine, and salad and dessert! That is a full course meal, and you only need to pay less than $15 per person! I even met Mr Joe in person, and he is simply generous. He gave us extra desserts to take home. Mr Joe is also the owner of Termini Bros(one of the shops is located just opposite this cafe).The place has a trattoria feel to it and you can feel its a family owned business. The production is minimal because the food speaks for itself. Gnocchi is not my thing, but when I eat at Mr Joes, it's perfect.  Silky and not overly heavy on the palate is a nice change from the carb bombs served around the corner. The wine is a bonus for sure.Shhhh......Don't teIl anyone about this little south Philly gem on 8th street (one block behind Geno's and across the street from Termini Bros. Bakery).   There are only 8 tables and it's only open until 6pm everyday except Sunday.  This is the type of cafe you would find in a small Italian village.   Molto Italiano.   A friendly cafe with wonderful food!  
THE GNOCCHI -  It's heavenly (plump and light little ricotta pillows topped with marinara and fresh parm)    The portions are huge and I brought 3/4 of it home with me.
THE CHIANTI -  It's complimentary.
THE SALAD - It's complimentary.
THE DESERT -  It's complimentary and is brought over from Termini Bros. across the street.   Mine was a delicious cheesecake topped with a raspberry sauce and fresh fruit.
THE PRICE - $16
I can't wait to return and order some of AM's other dishes that were coming out of the kitchen ---spaghetti and meatballs, braciole,  veal parmigiana and more!This place is an amazing byob for lunch or early dinner. Delicious large plates of Italian food. Went around 2pm, not crowded, perfect time to go with a fidgety toddler. The service was wonderful and friendly. The waitress even gave us a free slice of homemade ricotta pie.I lived two blocks from here for 9 months before finally trying it out.  Delicious italian dishes in a cute little cafe setting, right across the street from the famed Termini Bros pastry shop.  Attentive service, complimentary wine, and a complimentary slice of lemon bundt cake at the end of our meal.  Oh, also comes with salad.  What more could you want?  The place is small, probably couldn't seat more than 12-14 people inside, and has interesting kitschy decorations.  Will absolutely be coming back soon.  Note: entrance is the door on the side, not at the corner.  There's usually a sign, but it wasn't up when we were knocking on the door trying to get in :-/This was the worst dinner I have ever eaten in South Philly. Dead flies along the window sill should have been the first clue. The  veal parmigiana was basically breading parm...more and thicker breading than veal. Sauce was straight from a jar. There is absolutely no reason to go here when there are far better places to go in the area for the same prices.Took wife here for Valentines day... Had house salad ,bread ,pasta, lentil soup , prosciutto salad , cheese cake & chocolate chip walnut cake  & decaf coffee between us. WONDERFUL EXPERiENCE !!! Glass of wine was included too... first rate bread ( better than Panera).... All this for $34.26. ( I tipped 20%)...This was referral from Uber ride... Went across street to Termini's & bought delicious baked goods after dinner... Prices here higher ... This was memorable experience... Food is first class clean, quick... the vibe is astonishing...i really enjoyed reading the story behind this place, and i love to support neighborhood mom n pops.
which is why it pains me to only give this place 3 stars. 
1- it's on the smaller side, but some could view it as cozy i suppose. the problem was, there were several people just standing around the tables, drinking wine or coffee, or just waiting. for me it's distracting to feel like there's someone hovering over my shoulder and conversations.
2- they only had 2 people working in the front - serving 20 or so customers. the ladies weren't that slow, but it's hard for even the speediest person to serve promptly with that kind of ratio.
3- when we ordered espresso shots, i helplessly watched the shots sit for a few minutes until they brought it over. by then, oxidation and cooling had already left its mark. this would be a deal breaker for true espresso lovers. 
4- the small kitchen was openly adjacent to the bathroom. this makes the bio geek in me go 'hmmm...'
hopefully they'll employ another server to speed things up!More of a 2.5... I'm not quite sure why this place got such great reviews.
My experience here wasn't as amazing as most people have said. Haha. While reading these reviews gave me a certain type of expectation, the expectation wasn't met.
I came here with a friend for his birthday and I can't even recall what we ordered anymore. It wasn't anything special. Food was also mediocre and there wasn't anything special. For the price of the dishes I would expect something more.
From what I recall, we were supposed to have been served complimentary wine. We didn't get that. That was seriously minus points, especially even after I reminded the waitress. My friend was constantly laughing at me (haha, yes I look young!) But he didn't really enjoy his food either. Edible but nothing special.
I honestly wanted to love this place but I'm sorry I won't be back.As close to jetting over for lunch in Italy as you can get in Philly.  What a wonderful place: a curated menu of delicious casual favorites, a roomful of people taking their time to enjoy their meals and staff who make you feel like regulars, down to the glasses of (very good) homemade wine.
For the menu, there are platters (lasagna, pastas), pressed sandwiches and some other highlights.  Count this as one more vote for the huge platter of homemade gnocchi, which is divine; if you have a choice between the marinara - the daily standard which is excellent - and the special bolognese sauce for it, take the latter because it's superb.  My friend raved about the eggplant parm as well.  All come with salad and great crusty Termini bread.
As another Yelper wrote, Vince Termini opened this on the site of the original Termini bakery (the current store is directly across the street) and in memory of his father.  The place is decorated with Termini family business and personal memorabilia and the menu is made up of Termini family recipes.   You'll walk out with a bit of a crush on Vince, who's cooking in the kitchen and also working the room, delighted to chat with everyone.
Two warnings:  after the extent and pace of the meal, you'll walk out of lunch maybe wanting to take a nap.  And you'll be hard-pressed not to automatically cross the street and buy a few boxes of Italian pastries at Termini bakery, to extend the experience.Just a wonderful lunch with great friends - if you have a couple hours to linger over really, really good Italian food, this is the place to go. The gnocchi was extraordinary, complimentary glass of wine hit the spot and the cannoli, which I understand came from Termini's (across the street ) was spot on. Can't say enough good things about this place.First trip and not the last.  Nothing fancy just great food and pleasant service.  Gnocchi in red sauce is everything everyone said - delicious little clouds of love floating in a sea of God's gravy.  
Eggplant parmigiana was also excellent.This little gem was actually much nicer than some of the reviews on here led me to believe. I thought it would be more like a luncheonette or something. The atmosphere is great with cool antique (or reproduction) lighting, a beautiful marble counter, lots of nostalgic family photos and opera playing in the background. An authentic South Philly experience!
We went at 3 p.m. on a summer Friday which, I imagine, is why we were able to secure a table and experienced no service delays. During the winter, they'll probably need to bring the police in to control traffic!
We had an amazing lunch that sent me home to take a three-hour nap. My light-as-air ricotta gnocci were fantastic and my husband loved his sausage pannini with broccoli rabe and provolone. The jug wine, salad and dessert are complimentary with your meal, as is Vince Termini's "Enjoy!" when the waitress sets your mouth-watering plate of deliciousness in front of you. Ingredients are top-notch (for example, the freshly shredded Locattelli cheese they grate over your pasta) and made with lots of care.This one will be going into our regular rotation.This is our 4th time here. Always perfect. Anna Marie is so on the ball.. YOU MUST TRY MR. Joe's.. Especially if you are traveling from out of state to Philadelphia.Best Panini in town, hands down.
I was taken with this place soon as I walked in.  They have a very laid back atmosphere with a nice but not ultra modern decor.   I usually like to visit an establishment a few times before I review it but this place was just that good.  I had the Mr. Joe's which is a BIG authentic style Panini with Prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes and basil.  This was out of this world.  Included in the price was a nice spring mix salad with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, table bread (which was PERFECT) and a glass of wine.  These all made for a delightful lunch that was very filling but did not make me feel like falling over and taking a nap.  
I highly recommend Mr Joe's!Great full lunch with homemade pasta and tomato sauce. Also they give you complementary red wine that goes perfectly with the Italian meal.If you want good old school Italian food this is the place for you. No fancy bells and whistles just good old fashion Italian cooking.  I got veal parm with a side of spaghetti.  It came with a complimentary glass of red wine, a nice salad, great bread and a choice of desert for $20. You can't beat the food and price anywhere in the city.This has got to be one of my favorite hidden gems in South Philly, and I'm saying that after my first and only trip there. Word to the wise, they don't do dinner here. I spent a leisurely working lunch here with some coworkers last week. If you plan to go, expect a leisurely pace, a ton of food, and a small bill. For about $12 or so, you get your pick of pasta dishes on the menu as part of a three course meal. To start out your meal, you get a small dish of the tasty house salad, and crusty bread, along with a large glass of the house red wine. Next up, you get your dish of pasta. If you have room after all that, and plan to save some room, you are treated to any dessert from the front display, made my Termini Bros., and a delectable cup of coffee.
For my meal, I chose the pasta with crab, and that was probably a mistake. Everyone else's meals looked a bit more appealing and involved less work. My crab came unshelled, meaning there was an entire crab sitting on a bed of pasta under a mound of tomato sauce. And nothing to crack that sucker open with. It was a lot of work, and not much crab, but the sauce was good, and I'm only docking a star because my coworkers' meals were quite good. It would have been nice to get a warning from the waitress. My other complaint was that we had four people and two were served first, while the other two had to wait for 20 minutes for their dishes. At which point, the first two dishes were cold. Next time, I'll come with a smaller party. But I would put up with all of this for the incredible deal and tastiness of the food. For dessert, we all had the chocolate mousse cake which was beyond amazing. 
If, after all this, you still have room, or plan to have some later, stop by Termini Bros, across the street for a pastry to go.I am reluctant to even review Mr.Joe's because I want to be my secret, this place was fantastic. Go here on a day that you have the time to take a 2hour lunch, the servers are laid back and the whole experience is relaxing.
Like everyone else said, my girlfriend and I were given three courses of food and free wine for the low low price of $25 plus tip. The gnocchi was super light and cooked perfectly. The chicken, mozzarella, and roasted red pepper panini was on nice bread. We even had left-overs to bring home.
Good food even better value. Plus I love free stuff!Mr. Joe's Cafe is a really cool hidden place in Philly. I really am a huge fan of Italian food, so my friend took me and another friend here for lunch on 2/6/13. For about $20 in total, I got a really good experience overall. I will say that their is a lot of hype about the food itself, which I found to be just that, hype. However, the overall experience of the restaurant service, price and atmosphere makes it will worth it to try it out. 
PROS
*Service - This is probably the #1 reason to come to Mr. Joe's Cafe. Vincent Termini (the owner, a much older guy like a grandpa) himself personally came over to ask us how our meal was. Then he walked across the street to his bakery and personally walked back over to us with fresh cannolis. That alone was worth the trip. One of our friends ordered a coffee and the waitress asked if he would Sambuca in it free of charge. When I was there, I felt like I was a part of their family and they certainly treated us right.
*Atmosphere - Going back to the family thing, this is a very small place in Philly with their bakery right across the street. We came for lunch, and with only about 9 tables in the whole place, you really feel like you are eating in a good atmosphere. Despite the fact it is in South Philly, its actually a pretty nice place, considering most restaurants in that area are dives. 
*Price - It cost me about $20 for lunch including tip. The ravioli was around $15 and you also get fresh bread, a salad, the meal and a dessert. The portions are pretty big too, so for all that food you just cannot beat that price. 
CONS
*Food - It's not really a con, but I just don't find the food anything special. The hype is much larger than the actual product. I had the Ravioli, and you can taste it is homemade and fresh. The salad they also gave you tastes fresh and crisp along with the bread. I just didn't find their food anything to rave about because I felt it lacked flavor and was on the bland side. The cannolis however are fantastic fresh, and a great way to cap off the visit.
Food (C), Pricing (B), Atmosphere (B), Service (A-)WOW! I live in San Diego, CA. I am  planning to go back EAST in the FALL.  My first stop will be Philly... For cheesesteak??? No!  For Termini's/ Joe's CAFE.. Unbelievable experience.  This has to be why Philadelphia is called  "The City of Brotherly Love".. Only went to the Coffee Shop, after visiting Termini's Bakery, across the street... (another WOW) all hand made pastries. To my surprise,, it was more than a coffee shop... and it was owned by Vince Termini. My daughter and I  had the cheesecake with the coffee. Was the best cheesecake I have ever had; I kid you not... very generous portion.  The service was perfect!  Went back the following day for lunch and took out 4 entree's of Bracoli and Pasta, and Pizelle's from Termini's to take to my sister-in-law in NJ... This place Rocks.  See ya in Oct!We have been there twice and throughly enjoyed ourselves. The service is wonderful. The food is delicious. I can't say a bad thing about this place. You might think that parking would be a problem, but it isn't because you can park in the lot across the street. Mr. Joe Termini is, as you would guess, associated with Termini's Brothers Bakery. After lunch, you might not be able to control your urge to stop in the bakery and pick up some delicious goodies to go!What a great find in south Philadelphia! Stopped in for lunch and was surprised we got a table right away. Had a panini sandwich with eggplant, broccoli rabe and smoked mozzarella. Yum. Complimentary glass of red wine, salad, bread and choice of dessert made by Terminis bakery all included. Hubby got penne pasta with eggplant caponata. Everything was fresh and delicious.Stopped here for lunch with coworkers.  Ordered the Mr. Joe's panini and it came with a glass of wine, table bread, salad, and a slice of cake.  All for about $14.  
The food here is legit quality Italian food.  Fabulous hard and crusty Italian bread.  The pasta looks super fresh and smelled amazing.  I'll be trying some of that next time.  I texted a bunch of people when I left and said they need to schedule lunch dates with me immediately because I'm going back soon!Highly recommend for phenomenal Italian food. Going here you're instantly transported to a cafe in Italy. All of the clients speak fluent Italian, makes you feel like a tourist in your own city (in a positive way). Every entree comes with a glass of wine and a dessert from termini bros across the street.Such a cool little place. The food is really great and they offer a lot of daily specials. Mr Joe's is one of those "going back in time" places. The staff is so welcoming and friendly. This is the type of place that makes South Philly so special.This is the kind of place that makes you glad you live in the area.  Only open 11-5 so suburban folks eat your heart out.  Today I had a bowl of bean and Swiss shard that was tasty and thick.  My wife had the scarapelli(sic) soup which is hard to get out side of an Italian family.  It's a delicate rolled pasta in a broth.  Then we split a large pork sandwich which is better then a lot of prop places.  Salad, bread,a glass of wine and 2 desserts...for $27 total.  Thank you Mr Joe, and Annie Marie the overworked waitress!First time here.   I ordered the linguini with mixed seafood.    The presentation of the food was outstanding.  If tasted wonderful.  What i liked most was the complimentary glass of wine and dessert that i was given.  The woman that ran the place was very kind and the decorum is that of the 40s and 50s whicj really added to the atmosphereFantastic place! The food is wonderful and the people are super friendly. A single entree comes with salad, bread, wine, and dessert - all of them are delicious. Would have gladly paid more for a similar meal. Highly recommended.After eating there around 10 times, it is clear that they are cutting back however they can.  They serve the cheapest possible wine you can get and serve stale 2 day old pastries and still charge top dollar for entrees.This quaint little corner restaurant is easy to miss if you aren't looking for it, but it's worth looking for. Walking into Mr. Joe's Cafe feels like you are walking into someone's home, where you are welcomed and told to sit wherever you would like. Then menu is small, but it's supplemented by a list of specials that all sound tasty. I ordered the spaghetti with crab meat and red sauce while my dinner companion ordered pappardelle with sausage meat sauce. The meal starts off with Bread, with both soft butter and oil, plus a small salad. Then to my surprise we were offered a complimentary glass of wine. That did the job of keeping my hunger at bay as I waited for the meal. It wasn't much of a wait, as the entrees came out shortly after finishing with the bread and salad. My entrée was delicious, although it could have used a bit more crab meat. I tasted the pappardelle as well, which was completely covered with the sausage sauce. No shortage of sausage there and that entrée was even better. You can't go wrong with either one. Desserts come from Termini Brothers bakery, meaning no meal at Joe's would be complete without dessert. I was prepared to order dessert when to my surprise it came out as a part of the meal! We shared a slice of the raspberry swirl cake and mint chocolate chip cake. Both were very good, but I ended up eating more of the raspberry swirl cake so I'd have to say that was the better of the two. 
The service was warm and friendly and the prices are just right. I was happy with my decision to have dinner at Mr. Joe's Cafe. If only they didn't close so early every day it would be easier for me to go back.The food is delicious, the prices are amazing, the service is impeccable. I've been going here since childhood and nothing has changed yet everything has become more amazing.