This place is my desk away from home. 
Coffee and food is great. Its also a great little date spot with all sorts of different places to sit and lounge.
Alexandria is a great asset to Mugshots, she's always so happy no matter the time of day. I just tell her what Im in the mood for or what kind of "pick me up" I need and she's always right on point with the suggestions.
When in doubt the breakfast wrap with avocado is the perfect breakfast or lunch.Coconut vanilla latte was amazing. It's so good, that is usually all I get. Pleasant service. Check in here for the first time and grab a red velvet mini cupcake. Definitely will go back."Sorry we are out of all coffee... Can you wait 5 min for some more to brew?" 
No coffee available at a coffeehouse in the morning at 830am??? There are too many options, OCF, Rybread, Lucky Goat and Flying Saucer down the street for this to happen.I should leave a review already since I'm here almost every other day. 
Everything is super fresh, never had a bad dish here. My favorite is the Italian Quinoa salad.. For someone who isn't big on salads I frequently come just for theirs. The breakfast sandwiches are always yummy and they're pretty good about being stocked up on popular bagels when I come strolling in during the weekend mid afternoon normally hungover. 
Super friendly staff, never felt pressured or awkward ordering something new like I have at some other coffee shops. 
Open late. Open mic on Tuesdays.. What is there not to like? Oh and good coffee. Yeah. It's my spot.I just started going to Mugshots in June after having lived in Fairmount 6 months....needless to say, I wish I had started coming sooner! Great coffee, friendly staff, huge space, good sandwiches. I recommend a bacon egg and cheese on a jalapeño bagel. You can choose any kind of bagel, cheese, toppings etc you want.
I noticed some people said service was slow in the morning; my advice to you is go to Starbucks where they'll throw you some second rate, burned-ass coffee in a paper cup. However, If you need a place to study, want a delicious sandwich, and a full-bodied cup of Joe Mugshots is your best bet. It's worth leaving your apartment 5 minutes earlier than usual.The coziest cafe in Philadelphia. This is a perfect place to be when i want to be in solitude. I come here often to read, sketch or daydream. In the summer time they have daily ice tea flavors, very refreshing. Also, the Banh Mi sandwich is very delicious.People are rude here and you won't be able to get anything in under 10 minutes. Everything is a solid "meh" here. Don't come here if you're in a rush.So happy I discovered Mugshots!  A friend of mine invited me to see him perform since he was a guest musician for the Sun Flights' (a local acoustic duo) month-long residency, and I fell in love with the environment.  There was a bit of sticker shock when it came to the total of my bill (around $7.00 for a hot chocolate and a croissant??), but it was definitely worth it.  Honestly, I wish I could get around to acoustic performances more often, albeit with a great coffeehouse menu to accompany them, and Mugshots is the right kind of place!I will admit that they have good coffee- one of the better tasting, albeit pricy, coffee shops in the fairmount area- and that is what saved them on this review. I went there a few months ago and decided to buy one of their prepackaged pasta salads in the case. I know those are always a little risky anyway, but when I opened it, there was a pile of mold about 3 inches tall. It was disgusting. I said something to the barista, who was very apologetic and gave me my coffee for free, but it doesn't make me want to eat there again anytime soon. Or ever. That pile of mold had to have been there for multiple days, meaning that the pasta not only sat there for multiple days, but they didn't even bother to check on it once. All in all, not my favorite place, but the service and coffee is good, so I would still go if I needed a decent cup of joe and had some money to spare.I've been coming to Mugshots over the past couple of months, and it is a great atmosphere and the food is phenominal. 
However, I have one huge and Glarring problem. The internet is HORRIBLE!!! Get a new router or switch providers but do something, something fast!This place is awesome!
You don't understand: Like, I mean that in the Biblical sense; as in "full of awe"
If they were a narrator, they'd be Morgan Freeman.
If they were a song, they'd be "Bohemian Rhapsody."
If they were a female celebrity, they would be Jennifer Lawrence (because HOT DAMN.)
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? No, Mugshots, I won't. Because you are better than that.
These guys have done catering for my place of work on several occasions and have always been incredibly sweet, prompt, and professional. Even when I had placed an emergency order (since our usual cater bailed), they totally fixed up some great stuff for us last minute and were so chill about it! We have used them for our event catering ever since.
Seriously great: Both the staff and the menu!!!First visit. I've been hearing about this place for forever since I moved to Philadelphia about three years ago, but I live in South Philly so I'm never really around. I work in  center city west and decided to bus up the hardware store in the neighborhood, was hungry, and saw Mugshots down the street, so I thought oh hey, let me try.
The young guy working at the counter was super upbeat and friendly, but not in a way that turns you off. Had a Machine Gun Kelley sandwich and a cup of regular coffee. The sandwich - pretty good. I usually don't expect much from coffee shop lunch food (breakfast items are usually their bag it seems) - but it was hot and tasty, even if the bread was a bit hard. 
Here's where I go from potential 4 star to 3: The coffee. I have to agree with several of the reviewers on here that the coffee is just...not good. It has a weird, sour, acidic taste that I don't think I've ever encountered in a coffee before. Could be just my palate isn't digging this brand, but my main complaint about coffee is usually that it's not strong enough. This was strong in a very weird and unpleasant, as I mentioned, sour-y kind of way. This is what disappointed me the most, because I wanted to get this cup of coffee and love it. 
The decor and feel is nice and inviting. I think if you could do something about the coffee, this place would definitely warrant a 4/5 star. Some people go crazy for the vegan stuff here, I'm not vegan, but I can imagine that what you're looking to get out of your visit here will impact your impression of it, so take my, like all reviews, with a grain of salt!I used to go to work with my dad a lot, and we would always go to lunch afterwards. Mugshots was one of our favorite places. I love their tuna melt! There's lots of great options, and everything tastes great.
We were there for lunch, and I had a Starbucks cup from earlier. I sat down, and my dad went to order. An employee came up to me and asked me to throw away my cup! After the comment she walked away. I kept my cup, and waited for my dad to return. We began eating, and she came back and asked me to throw the cup out again! She didn't offer any other solution. I would have gladly put my coffee in one of Mugshot's cups. I don't understand why I have to throw out a drink I paid for, when I'm buying other things! I don't know what they expected. It's not like another customer is going to say-"Oh, look at that Starbucks cup. Let me go there instead!" 
Please consider training your staff on more appropriate ways to handle these situations!We ordered catering here for an event and I was blown away by the exceptional service from the catering director, Zach. He was extremely friendly, professional, and approachable and he made the entire ordering process a breeze - which is not an easy feat! 
The wraps and pasta salad that we ordered were also made very well. I highly recommend the wraps for any large event as they're easy to handle and very nutritious and tasty. The brownie and cookie bites were such a treat and were snatched up in a heartbeat.
I will definitely order from them again for our next event. Be sure to ask for Zach if you want the best and most customized service.Now in their beautiful new location a couple blocks down the street on Fairmount, Mugshots continues to serve up delicious food and top notch coffee brews.  I have to start with the iced coffee -- dangerously addictive.  I used to drink hot coffee in the winter and iced in the summer, but because of Mugshots' iced coffee -- smooth, crisp, slightly sweet with no hint of bitterness -- I am now a 365 day a year iced coffee drinker.  Their smoothies are silky smooth and delicious, an excellent assortment of pastries and baked goods, and great breakfast and lunch sandwiches (the guacamole with tomato and pepperjack on an everything bagel is particularly delicious).  Easily the best cafe in the Art Museum/Fairmount area.  Don't miss it!How does this place have 4 stars?  The coffee tastes 2 days old and the food takes about that long to come out.  Seriously - I waited 45 minutes for cereal.  It's crazy.  And they microwave the eggs.I wish Mugshots stayed put.
Their old location was comfy cozy...it felt like Friends or Cheers...and that's probably because I'd walk in screaming NORRRRRRRRRRRM to everybody whilst singing Smelly Cat to my cashier and pouring liquor into my coffee.
The new location is nicely furnished, but it's more a GET IN GET OUT kind of feel...hard chairs, hard benches, and not much else going on in there.  The old place had open mic nights, things that made it unique.
I stopped there for hummus on a bagel...the cheapest thing I could think of to satisfy my hunger at $2.65.  I almost stopped in the other day for an egg and cheese but $4.95 for an egg and cheese?  It's not cheap and I don't want to linger.  
I do like the local art they display...but even still the walls feel empty.  And I thought the whole premise of the name "Mugshots" was a pun for being across the street from the Penitentary.  I'd see it while passing Eastern State and just burst out laughing asking joggers if they got it...GET IT?  Now the play on words doesn't even make SENSE.  I'm not going to never return...it's close to home and convenient, I just miss the old Mugshots.My favorite coffeehouse.  Sunday's come listen to live music!This is a great stop for anyone who is gluten free or vegan! Multiple options for a fair price along with several drink options from coffee to protein shakes. Several of their products are organic and they use cage-free eggs. Staff was friendly and knowledgable. I highly recommend this establishment to anyone in the area!I've been coming here for a few years now and love the menu. I was bummed to see they took the bahn mi sandwich off of it a couple weeks ago. I'd totally give them five stars if they didn't take it off. Please bring it back!Mugshots is a gem in the Fairmount area. High end coffee, friendly staff and probably the best baked goods in the city. Dark chocolate sea salt caramel cupcakes.. what?! Delicious! 
I've been going here for a while now, even before I lived in the city I would make it a point to stop in when I was in the area. The coffee is always fresh, and there's usually a variety so you have more than one option to pick from. The food is really good as well. They have a sandwich with goat cheese, pesto, tomato and onion that is out of this world (especially if you add bacon to it--they have the best bacon).
On Tuesdays they have open mic nights from 7-9pm and it's consistently a good turn out with really talented people. It's a really relaxed environment and a perfect activity for a weeknight. Highly recommend it.I have always loved mugshots and now it's on the sunny side of the street just in time for summer! Same great coffee and same great food! Most importantly, the line is moving faster! The new space just flows better.This place is getting a rep for bad coffee. Bad water? Spendy too. My breakfast burrito was a scrambled egg boulder with Acme brand salsa. Veganator sandwich was greasy.  Staff is cute but poorly trained. Only reason for 2 stars is that they're a B corporation.I loved it when it was across from the ole jail, but now it's missing something!  The food is okay.  Vegetarian/vegan options are just alright.  Hummus is pretty good.  Smoothies are pretty good, but pricey.  Definitely expensive.  Hopefully they're just still transitioning from the move!  
Oh, open mics are okay.  Talent pool is trying, but not yet up-and-coming on the whole.  Good open mic for beginners!This place is terrible. Coffee service is unbelievably slow.  All the drink products are from Sysco. The desserts is way too expensive for their quality. Did I mention service takes forever? Seriously, make drinks and food faster.Use caution when ordering one of their gluten free options. It's certainly nice that they offer them, but for someone with a serious gluten allergy like myself- a slip up or cross contamination could be very dangerous. While they did make a huge mistake in serving me a regular bagel instead of a gluten free bagel that my boyfriend had ordered me- and specified my allergy- we did catch the mistake before I had eaten it. They are however, doing there best to make the huge slip-up right. When the slip up happened and he had went back, he was then informed that they cannot guarantee the meal wouldn't be cross contaminated in the kitchen. Mugshots also says they are working on this- and are going to go through gluten free training- which is smart- because this could in the future be a good spot for gluten free eaters and those with celiacs- for now though, just use caution when ordering - which is the reasoning for me writing this review.Zero stars is not an option. Staff is very very rude. Always seem annoyed that you are ordering. I walk the extra 3 blocks to OCF always.Went to breakfast here this morning with the gf and a visitor. Around 8am and there was no wait, but then again it is a weekday. The staff was friendly. Gf and I both ordered bacon egg and cheese sandwiches. Mine was on a jalapeño bagel and hers was on a crescent. To me, the sandwich was nothing special. The bagel wasn't spicy, and really didn't have much flavor to it. The eggs tasted and looked microwaved. Overall, very mediocre. My friend ordered the quiche and seemed to like it. The coffee was ok, a little strong and also had grounds in it. Probably won't go back.Mugshots is pretty good but I feel like it lacks a certain sense of personality. Some baristas are better than others and their points system is lame as fuck. It's hard to accumulate points just getting single coffees. They dont play weird music or anything so it's pretty good to read in, also a good amount of seating. The Mugshot, cold, is good.
(this should actually be a 3/5 but by Yelp standards it's a 4)gets a little crowded on weekends (don't expect seating), but overall a pretty nice space, good coffee, and some vegan options on the menu. probably your best option for coffee in fairmount, although i haven't tried OCF yet.First time here since I was in the area. I arrived around 10:30 on a Monday. Nice ambiance. Coffee shop ,hip/Hippie vibe.  Had a Great sandwich, Bonnie and Clyde. Smoothie was awesome too, had the strawberry paradise! Decided to get a Latte for my first time. Claire hooked me with Salted caramel mocha Latte and it was 5*.  Now that I know about this place, I'll definitely be making return. Happy customer, thanks.Guess I'll start with 4 stars which could go up or down...Nice looking spot n went here for 1st time just for a sandwich. Got a sandwich with egg, pepper jack, vegan sausage n bacon on a croissant. I'm not a vegan but was told sausage wld be good n it was good but better with the bacon lol...didn't get a chance to check out anything other than the sandwich n would consider going back since it seems like a nice spotStopped for a sandwich at quarter 3 on a Thursday. I was starving since I'd missed lunch by a couple of hours. There was one other person waiting for food. I placed my to-go order and waited for one of the three people working at the time to crank it out. And I waited, and waited and waited. An inexplicable 20 minutes later, I got my sandwich and hustled home to dig in only to find out that the sandwich was made totally wrong (the guy who handed me my bag repeated the name of what I ordered so I'm sure this was meant for me). The worse part of the mix-up was that instead of mustard, it was drowning in some sort of mayonnaise. As in throw-me-a-life-preserver-my-sandwich-is-drowning. I'm pretty disappointed. The place had a good vibe and I like that they use local ingredients but between dying on the vine while waiting for my sandwich and then getting the wrong thing, I'm not going to hurry back.Amazing in every way possible!! My taste buds are now forever enlightened. The staff are sexy as hell in a very intellectual way. And of course.. real pig bacon.So close to really good but c'mon! Chick in kitchen can't smile and always giving attitude. When you advertise vegan crabcake sandwich and use regular butter it's Not vegan!!! Girl at register super sweet and helpful. I asked for avacoda after I ordered she didn't charge me the $1 so I tipped five! Then chick in kitchen freaked out so I payed the additional 1$ c'mon!!!! Step it up. All this when I had come here for bahm mi bang, but they were outta tofu! Every time I'm disappointed somehow here, wish there was a good vegan restaurant nearby id never come here.Coffee was good not great but service was not.  Place is empty nothing going on and server was rude.   I don't expect someone to have a conversation but a to act as if your not in to mood to even take our order is not acceptable.   I won't be spending my money here again.Mugshots follows the age old saying...life is a series of tradeoffs.  I so want to rate them highly because they are my locally owned, B corp coffeehouse.  But the inconsistencies, though they don't make me stop coming, are frustrating.  For every pro, there's a con...
1.  The drinks.  Love the iced soy latte...bold flavor and more kick than Starbucks!  The drip coffee though...light and slightly bitter.  And the nitpicky upcharges...they even charge extra for ice.  Never seen that before at a chain or locally owned.  
2.  The food.  I love the egg sandwich on toast...very clean, but way overpriced.  Two eggs whites on two slices of bread for $5.50.  Yikes!  Add any vegs and its a dollar per.
3.  The environment.  Funky, cool, and mostly comfortable...steer clear of the pews against the wall, though.   And the couches and outdoor seating have seen better days.  Don't like kids?  Steer clear of weekend mornings...its pandemonium! 
4. The service.  Oh boy...all over the place. Some days I am treated like the loyal customer I am with memory of my order and name, and other days i am met with hipster indifference and silly mistakes like not asking if i have the loyalty card.  I think the problem is the revolving door of new people and lack of training.  For example, they recently changed register and loyalty card system...it took 6 weeks of back and forth with the owner by email to fix my account, by the end of which i was walking the counter help through how to ring up purchases.  Sad.
So, here's the insider's scoop...your chances of them doing well in all categories during your visit is 50%.  If you like those odds and the pros above outweigh the cons in your opinion, go there.  If not, OCF down the street has higher quality food at more reasonable prices, but the coffee is not as good and the environment is sterile.
Sadly, I'd love a solid Starbucks on Fairmount.  Yes they are a chain, but they train and take care of their people well, which translates to excellent service, and the food and drink are always consistent.I've used Mugshots catering for several events and they simply do.not.disappoint!  Their service is impeccable and they go above and beyond to accommodate any - and I emphasize ANY - dietary need/restriction.  It's such a pleasure to work with Zachary and team.Love this place!! After moving into the neighborhood in July my first thought was "where am I going to get my coffee from?" Back where I used to live I had my regular coffee shop that knew me and my order...I wanted that again.  Then I found Mugshots! Fabulous coffee and staff!! Everyone is always friendly and they know your name and your order. I will continue to go everyday! :)I have to say I used to like this place. But here's the problem. If there are two people in front of you you'll be waiting for awhile. No one in here is in any kind of hurry to help you. There is always only one cash register open with 5 people behind the counter trying to help one person and it still takes forever to get a cup of coffee here. In the morning people need to get in and get out. I used to be a regular here, I used to go in Every, and I mean Every, morning for years. The staff knew me and would take care of me. I was treated like a regular and I truly appreciated that. Then the staff turned over and it become so difficult, so painful, so frustrating just to get a cup of coffee that I bought a coffee machine and started brewing my own coffee. Seriously, not that I'm a huge fan of corporate Starbucks but the staff at Mugshots needs to go watch and learn how to move a line in the morning. I just stopped going here.Best darn tuna melt I have ever had. The bread was fresh and full of grains. The tuna wasn't overly watery or dry - it was just right. The new coffee they are using, Equal Exchange, is even better than the other coffee they used to have. So happy this place is in my area!Love the coffee, breakfast sandwiches and atmosphere. Free wi-fi and everyone is always super friendly.Mugshots is a Fairmount area landmark.  They have a second location on Girard Ave as well.  Both serve excellent coffee, bagels, and sandwiches.  I love their everything bagel!  The vegan sausage is great!! Last time I was there, I had the veganator: vegan sausage, spinach or arugula, and pesto, on your choice of bread or bagel. I went with the everything bagel and it was so good!  The employees are really friendly and upbeat.  Free wifi (it's a coffee shop, of course they have wifi!)  They also have outdoor seating along Fairmount Ave for sitting outside in the nice weather.  Stop by Mugshots if you are in the area!good coffee and quiche lorraine with free chocolate salted caramel mini cupcake...Stumbled upon this place by chance because the place my boyfriend and I wanted to go was closed. Exceptionally well balanced breakfast sandwich. I ordered the make your own breakfast sandwich. Had the perfect amount of ingredients and was really fresh! Also got the black beauty smoothie - also delicious! Only downside is their ingredients are locally bought so they're a bit pricier but totally worth it!I miss the old Mug Shots. The new local is spacious and food comes out faster, but at a price. Sandwiches and wraps are no longer made on the spot- they are in a refrigerator. The food does not taste as fresh. The food lacks the love it once had-including the baked goods (minus the bagels.) The coffee is okay- nothing stellar- but to be fair, I did not try their coffee when they were across from Eastern State Pen. I loved the mango mama smoothie, but it does not taste the same- maybe they are using different ingredients?  I just wish they would return to the great food they once had.Not a huge fan of the new look of Mugshots. Their old location showed more character and felt like home. However, Mugshots itself is a great spot for coffee, food, and to get your work done. Great service, laid-back atmosphere, and probably the best coffee spot in Philadelphia.Stumbled upon Mugshots with a friend while walking around Fairmount two weeks ago. It had a very appealing atmosphere and cozy ambience so we decided to check it out. The featured drinks sounded intriguing (we tried the Lavender Cream Soda and the Caramel Apple Cider) but unfortunately did not live up to expectation. Both were too sweet for my taste and were pretty strange for my palate (one of those drinks you have to get used to in order to enjoy- except I couldn't get used to it). The barista also kind of disappeared on us while making our drinks, which was slightly off-putting as I watched him mysteriously vanish with a look of annoyance into the shop's basement and reappear out of nowhere. Maybe the element of surprise was meant to be part of the coffeeshop's setup, maybe not. 
I think if I came here again, I'd stick to the regular caffeinated beverages rather than experiment. It seems like a nice place overall.First time there Pleasant Experience...No Bagel Available when i went so settled for a Bacanator on white Toasted Bread instead  Very deliciousGod damn I love this place. Great coffee, excellent food, and amiable staff. Huge contrast to the OCF crap fest that moved into Mugshots old building. They use natural, organic, farm to table ingredients without price gouging the customer.  I had a few office gigs catered by these guys as well. Top notch.I can't even with the egg..... Looks like it was microwaved in a bowl. It was like a round fat disk in thin bread that was twice is size. The tempeh bacon tasted good,  what i had of it. OCF gives me three times as much, though, and has a real fried egg on it. I had the conversation with my room mate this morning about why i never go there but we thought we might give it a go again.. probably not going back here ever.  Iced coffee was not good either,  no saving grace.Really Great Place! They played some nice live music while we were there! They have good choices of vegan food, great Smoothies and really good iced coffee! would defenitely go there again! Thanks for the free cupcake!Mugshots is charming with its numerous booths and counters for the academic studier, but the vibe from the counter staff was less than friendly, and the bathroom definitely had a funkalicious smell emanating from the tiles.
Still, my creme brulee latte was fairly decent, and I like how they have vegan-friendly food for the hipsters around Fairmount.Excellent, dark rich coffee, to go..  One of the only places I never have to order a red-eye to have a wonderful cup of joe.I just got out of prison (Eastern State Penitentiary tour) and was hungry. The veganator breakfast sando is bomb and the almond cappuccino delish.I love this place.  Their staff is full of great personalities and the mini-cupcakes and sandwiches are soo good.  Ever since they moved to 19th and Fairmount, I've never had a problem getting a seat.Love these guys! We first heard about them from a colleague and now there's no going back (in the good way). We use them weekly as the catering for our events as well as our larger events. Zach, the catering director, is amazing and goes above and beyond to make our event special and get our guests yummy food to eat. He'll work with you for taste preference and really cares about the food he puts out. 
They take care of delivery and all the cutlery/plateware that goes along with it. Super fresh and fantastic vegan/veggie options. Have recommended to all our colleagues and continue to do so! If you want a caterer who is reliable, friendly, provides great service, makes amazing food, and values about good food then look no further. Can't say enough good things!What a gem this cafe is in Fairmount! I had no idea they had such delicious lunch options and even better, almost everything can be done gluten free. My 4 year old son wolfed down a gluten free bagel (which are slightly smaller than a regular bagel but trust me you won't be hungry afterwards ) which I thought was really delicious. I had a tuna melt on a GF bun that was also really great. For dessert we shared a GF chocolate chip banana bread - fabulous! None of the breads tasted dry and you can really taste the high quality ingredients they use. I'm excited to go back and try more of the menu.GREAT local coffee shop! I come often to get coffee, salads and pastries. They also have live music  on the weekends and different events in the evenings during the week. Just a great local coffee shop with great coffee, excellent service and variety.Vegan options for breakfast +++ but the organic brewed drip coffee isn't very rich and has an odd flavor I can't put my finger on. If you order it add cream and sugar, for sure.I ordered an everything bagel with egg whites and bacon. It costs almost 8$, which is probably twice as much as most every other place in Philly that has a decent bagel. In NYC, you can easily get an everything bagel with egg and bacon for under 4$. I think it's pretty obvious why it is not as busy as the other coffee shops in the area based on the prices for very simple things. Tela's down the street sells an excellent egg sandwich with bacon and cheese and a side of potatoes on a huge plate for 6.95$.Cute cafe. Modern décor; great coffee and view of the river. A good spot to work/write/readI love this coffee shop. It has a very comfortable atmosphere, the food is excellent, and the staff is super friendly. I mean everyone is super friendly every time I've been here. It's just a cool place to hang out.I got a veganator this morning, it was delicious, but for $6 (+$1 for avocado) it was tiny. Hardly a meal. It looked like one vegan sausage had been sliced in half, so half the sandwich didn't include, the bread was nearly burnt and there wasn't much avocado on it. For seven bucks Mugshots should really bulk it up. My espresso tasted bitter. Paid about $10.50 for a bad breakfast.
I tried the veganator because last time I got the breakfast burrito and realized they microwave their eggs! Didn't finish it. Farm fresh is a front for your average coffee sandwich place- nothing special. Go to Tela's a block up on Fairmount for a skillet made egg bagel sandwich, with thick cut bacon and gourmet cheese, crispy potatoes- for $8.
Will only return to Mugshots to use the rest of the gift certificate I was given.Awesome staff but the quality of the drinks are not as good as I was hoping for... I hate to even say this but I think I'd rather have had StarbucksBeen a regular here for about a year now. Everything is delicious and there's plenty of vegan options. I would've given them 5 stars but they got rid of the vegan brownie and they just changed the bowl for the chili and it appears significantly smaller. Also instead of toast they give out these dry corn muffins (not too bad if you slather them with butter). The giant bowls of chili are what I come for!Cute, trendy coffeeshop. I had a smoothie actually and it was delicious. Went here for a first date and it was a great little spot!I got to try Mugshots' food via a catering order at an event I attended and I'd rate it well above most events I go to. I was pleasantly surprised. Would eat again!This review is specifically for Mugshots' catering (although their sandwiches and coffee are also delicious). I've used Mugshots for catering a few company events and meetings, and I've been nothing but 100% satisfied. The deliveries have always been right on time, and the food and presentation are excellent! Liz, who runs the operation, and the delivery drivers are always so nice to work with, and I think the prices are incredibly reasonable. 
I keep wanting to grab a photo of the awesome looking trays that they deliver, but the food gets snatched up so quickly!Mmmm delicious coffee. Gotta love that they actually make their decaf mocha's with actual decaf coffee too.  I hate when i want a cup of decaf and it tastes like just water or milk. Not the case with this spot. Delicious.I love coffee and this is literally my least favorite coffee shop in the city. Their coffee really isn't good and their service is worse. (Time and time again).
I just stopped in, against my better judgement and waited 30 mins for an Americano and a Latte. After our ridiculously long wait the barista's mixed up our drinks and couldn't find any lids. 
Great experience .... Love taking hot coffee filled to the brim on the road and watching it spill all over my car. 
Grrrr.Nice local coffee place. Hot and iced coffee are both good. The food is also delicious.  I recommend any of flatbreads or pastries. There are also many vegan options. There are plenty of seats which is good because whenever I'm there the place is fairly crowded.I wanted to like this place I really did but it fell flat for me.  This reminds me of the coffeeshop that Phoebe worked at in Friends - kind of a neighborhood place for locals to congregate.  That should be a good thing which is why I wanted to like it so much. I found the coffee to be way too bitter for my taste  - to the point that I couldn't drink it and wasn't a fan of the mismatched and hodge podge furniture.  The staff was friendly enough but I don't anticipate coming back here anytime soon.Let's see, overpriced coffee, arrogant service, Kool and the Gang blasting through the speakers. More like a Chucky Cheese than a neighborhood coffee shop. Not what we need.Super cute place with very nice staff. I ordered the coconut vanilla latte and it was delicious.I'm so happy that we now live in the neighborhood of Mugshots. The coffee is tasty, food delicious, and the people who work there are always friendly. Although the space is sometimes dominated by individuals working in their computer, I don't feel unwelcome bringing my kindergartener around for a meal. The atmosphere is friendly and relaxing.I was referred here by a friend who is a regular to try some of their baked goods, she's always telling how great they are. Now don't get me wrong, I enjoy my fair share of meat and non-vegan food types, but their vegan cowgirl cookie was delicious!! You'd never know you were eating a vegan cookie! It was tasty and had just the right amount of oomph!! I will definitely be coming back to attempt to eat my way through what else their kitchen has to offer. Not only is the food wonderful, but the staff is friendly and you feel like you could just be there for hours just relaxing :)Great coffee, pastries, and atmosphere. Smoothies are nothing to write home about. They occasionally have live music on Sundays.Five years ago I was always at the old Mugshots on Fairmount to study.  Once, after cheering for my friend at the start line for the marathon, I went to Mugshots to snack and nap while I waited for him to make it to the half-way mark (no joke) and then again after the half-way to the finish (!). There would be a handful of tables and an even smaller amount of plugs for laptops so people would always be clamoring for seats. Now that Mugshots has expanded (many more locations), I was happy to see that you can get something new and something old at all the different Mugshots. 
The new one here at Fairmount is pretty spacious and has a great menu so you can hole up there for breakfast and lunch and not just be eating bagels. There's bar space where you can sit and talk to the baristas or work on you laptop, as well as tons more tables lining the walls to sit and do work. But with all these new seating (and did I mention limited outdoor seating?) the place feels... way less cozy and cool. More like a polished chain with the expensive (for a coffee shop) food and drinks. So that part is sad, but I'm hoping over time they'll get more local art up on the walls and maybe have more comfy chairs and somehow go back to make themselves more unique and interesting. What I'm trying to say is that it's waaay harder to nap at this one. But as a student, that's probably a good thing.I was a fan of Mugshots prior to relocation to the 19th block of Fairmount. The new location is even better. I love the openess of it  as apposed to the two room segregated rooms the old location had. The new layout is much brighter and inviting.
In terms of the food and drink selection- still fabulous. Everything I've ever had there has been great. I recently discovered their recovery smoothies. I've been on a smoothie kick lately and since Feder fresh closed ( tear*) and I don't have a blender of my own, I've been on the hunt for a local go-to smoothie place. I had no idea Mugshot's smoothies were so good! They are made with fresh fruit and can be customized or you can chose from a selection. I was hoping to see some green options such as Kale or spinach on the menu board however,. I was happy to hear that when I asked about adding kale or spinach, Upon request, they could accomodate and add fresh spinach leaves ( not Kale because their Kale is pre-treated with some sort of dressing). You can also  add yogurt, protein or peanut butter to any of your smoothie options. Now if they would start offering flaxseed or chia seed add-ins I would be even more estatic!