I have tried to like Mugshots.  Mugshots has just kinda underwhelmed me for the last time.  Who the hell spends 10 dollars at a coffee shop?  You're about to, if you want to pay with a credit card, which is a totally normal person thing to do.  The coffee isn't very good, and the 1 hour internet rule is just the antithesis of hospitality.  Come on.  2 stars for the yummy breakfast burrito.So, I really love this little coffee shop.  I love the teas and the smoothies, and all of the snacks that I've tried have been absolutely yummy.  I'm not vegan, but I certainly appreciate the vegan options, and love that they use a lot of local ingredients in the food.  
My one pet peeve is that they have removed all the plugs from the wall, so plugging in your laptop is just not an option.  Ok, now I really get that they don't want someone sitting there all day taking up space, but how about a one hour or two hour policy?  For someone as hairbrained as I am, I regularly show up at coffeeshops to check my email with a dead battery.  I promise I won't stay for hours, but please can I have a little outlet love?We stopped in for iced chai tea lattes and got iced milk instead. We threw them out after a few sips and angrily headed to our local Starbucks for the real deal. It was most definitely a waste of $8.10 so we will not be returning. There is a Starbucks at 19th and Callowhill that will be worth the walk!Yes, it's always crowded, yes, it's expensive, yes, sometimes they will forget that you ordered a coffee and you'll have to remind them, yes, you might get hit up to donate to various political organizations when entering. 
The fact remains, though, that Mugshots has pretty damn tasty coffee and some delicious sandwiches. The Scapegoat is great: soft, cool goat cheese on a hot pressed ciabatta loaf, with pesto, the best red onions I've had in a while, spinach, and tomatoes. Simply, satisfying, and (I will kid myself probably) not too bad for you. Their bagels are also some of the better ones I have been able to find in the city, not too dense, toasted nicely, with flavorful toppings--and the veggie and chive cream cheese are standouts.
As for their hot drinks, they're good, very good. During the winter months I can only come to Mugshots a few times every month because otherwise I would just be ordering the creme brulee latte all of the time, and neither my waistline nor my wallet would thank me. It's a sweet, guilty pleasure. The aztec hot chocolate is also great. 
In addition, although I've never participated in the buying club, I like that Mugshots has the option to buy locally sourced ingredients, although it's probably just cheaper to go to a farmer's market. Still, the homemade red potato salad that they have using these ingredients was a standout that I am going to have to buy again: tangy (it tasted like it had some yogurt in addition to/instead of mayo), chilled, fresh, and bursting with dill and some garlic, it was the perfect accompaniment to our homemade Scapegoat knockoff.
In short, it's pricey, but once in a while, it's nice to drop by, have a drink, and split a tasty, freshly prepared sandwich--just not if you're in a hurry.Huge Fan. Go early because they do run out of bagels (its that good) . 
I personally recommend either  the Smoked Nova Lox, its always FRESH and cream cheese with tomato, red onion and cucumber on a bagel 
-OR-
Bagel (any kind they are all good) toasted with avocado and monetary jack cheese
both choices accompanied by a Crème Brulee Latte
Plenty of healthy options as well. I have never left Mugshots unsatisfiedMeh. I've experienced better.  It's been busy whenever I've gone and the service has been kind of slow.  There's also a crap load of Fairmount yuppies and their pooches there which give the place a definite snobby coffee shop feel that is perhaps a bit unfair. 
I'd like to go here when it's less busy to see what the service and atmosphere is like.Mugshots (a.k.a. Smugshots) is a good enough coffee bar, I suppose. It is overpriced and I have felt ill multiple times after consuming things here, but I guess you should appreciate what little you have in Fairmount. 
Actually, nevermind. I will pay more for quality, but honestly nothing here is much better than what I can get at a chain. I can usually tell the difference between natural and standard eggs, but not when they're overcooked. 
It is insanely crowded on the weekends and I have a low tolerance for double strollers in small spaces, so I don't even bother anymore. They also have credit card minimums, one of my biggest pet peeves . 
I might grab a coffee here again, but that's about it.Cool coffee shop and eatery on Fairmount for the neighborhood peoples.  Highly recommend - Breakfast:  Egg sandwich with tomato, pepper jack cheese, and guacamole.  A spicy and delicious breakfast treat for someone not looking for pancakes, etc.  I will be ordering that many times over for sure.  Delicious organic and free trade coffee is a plus.  Breakfast only served until 11am.  WTF, really only 11 am?!Good seating and environment.
Average food.
The coffee is fair trade (which is awesome) but I have found coffee ground in my drinks way too many times (drinking coffee ground acts as a strong diuretic). I have worked with and been around espresso enough to know what's a quality drink, and this ain't it. Either the machines aren't properly kept, the employees don't give a shit, or they're poorly trained.
I posted a negative review about this place on Google and someone reported it and had it removed, hmm, I wonder who...I like the atmosphere.  I like the coffee.  I like the idea that the food is fresh and local.  But the turkey sandwich (the capone) was not good.  It was something about the turkey, it seemed like it was not cooked, eating raw turkey made my stomach turn...it still hurts btw....maybe thats what free range smoked turkey is suppose to be like...I dont know all I know is I did not like it!  I wont let this one menu choice deter me from mugshots though, its a cute healthy spot, I will just choose my orders carefully or maybe just stick to coffee and a bagel there.I'm a regular.  I am in this place every single morning, and I enjoy the coffee immensely.  However, every now and again in the hopes that something might have changed since last month, I'll try a muffin or some of the other items baked in-house, and am very disappointed.  They're always dry.  Please do something about this.  Applesauce, sour cream, more butter, anything, please.  Either that or wrap them in plastic as soon as they come out of the oven.  That might help.  I don't know.  I don't work in a BAKERY!!   The ideas are fantastic, flavors are great, ingredients are fresh and well paid attention to, but execution is severely lacking.I really like Mugshots drinks, which is what a coffee shop should really be about.  However, what this review is going to discuss is why it took 30 minutes for them to make a toasted bagel with hummus and veggies on a not busy Saturday afternoon (3pm).  There wasn't a long line, however there were 2 other individuals ahead of my girlfriend and myself who had already been waiting a half hour for their sandwiches.  I don't get it.  There were at least 3 people behind the counter who were not making drinks.  
I want to like Mugshots more because of its location, movie nights and atmosphere....fix the food service and I probably will.I've been going to Mugshots for several years. Over that time, the quality of service and food has deteriorated. Today was the last straw. While it is usually packed in there, I can understand a small wait for food. This morning the place was not busy and I waited over 40 minutes for 2 toasted bagels. I asked staff if they knew when my order was coming out and was twice told it would be right out. Ten minutes later the bagels came out along with half a tub of butter on each one. Terrible. During this time, several people walked out and said they wouldn't return. I can't blame them. I most likely will not be going back myself.There's plenty of standing room to accomodate the plethora of people who zip in and out of this place like they're escaped convicts from the Easter State Penn grabbing a quick sandwich and coffee before Bonnie and Clyding it out of Fairmount.
...and then there are plenty of people who stay - calm fugitives with families and friends, relaxing and enjoying their frothy cappuccinos, decadent cupcake and healthy hummus wraps. These people occupy  the numerous couches, tables, and chairs that spread across two rooms and a window facing bar. 
(The food selection is bountiful, from fresh fruit to vegan brownies to egg dishes to salads, sandwiches, and soups. Everyone is sure to smile, especially that three year old with frosting smeared all across his face and red velvet chunks in his hair.) 
There's the constant rumble of conversation, but Mugshots is perfect for people watching - and studying if you can keep your eyes from wandering across the room to that perfect stranger...
OH YEAH YOU CAN ALSO PAY WITH LEVEL UP SO THIS MEANS YOU'RE SAFE IF YOU LEAVE YOUR CARTE DE CREDIT A TA MAISON.This is my local coffee shop, if you don't include DD (which I don't.) It's hard to pinpoint the exact moment when my walk to Mugshots turns from sketchy 'hood to yuppie scum, but that's just part of the fun. The coffee is of pretty high quality here, and there is a good selection of local, organic, gooey, and crunchy foodstuffs to enjoy. All all in, if it isn't too busy (read: if it isn't the weekend) it's a nice little java joint.
(And maybe I totally missed something, but I really didn't think they accepted credit cards here...)Been to this place plenty of times since I only live a few blocks away........ and I never know what to think of it! By far though the workers are always super nice and hardworking, but when my order gets screwed up (which is usually) I think the system they have there might not be working. But really, the workers make up for it. They're all so pleasant and sweet, especially the boys.I ordered the Aztec hot chocolate one afternoon which nearly had me choking due to the amount of cayenne pepper that was in the drink. I thought the idea was to give your tastebuds a hint of heat, not send you into a coughing fit. 
I'm also kind of annoyed by the whole wi-fi set up. When you purchase a beverage, you get an hour of wi-fi through a code they give you. Essentially, you've got to make another purchase every hour to stay connected. I think I would rather pay a flat fee up front than having to keep purchasing more food/drinks. 
I wasn't too pleased with the fact that I had also ordered a sandwich, but the person who took my order only put in for my beverage. I should have caught it when I paid, but my mind was elsewhere. I ended up waiting for 20 or so minutes before I realized.
I would also appreciate if Mugshots could put some kind of time limit on those who are taking up tables. Is it really fair to spread out your laptop and school books and take up a seat for hours on end when other people would like to sit and enjoy their beverage?decent specialty drinks, but the coffee is rarely good.  food is excellent, but pricey.  environment varies.  can be over crowded by the stroller set. staff varies as well.  some are quite friendly, some are far from it.This is a coffee house that offers a bit more than just a good cup of coffee.  The food selection caters to every diet and still has good flavor.  They capitalize on the "jailhouse" theme well because they are directly across from Eastern State Penitentiary.  Some of the clientele misrepresents the actual atmosphere of the establishment.  By that I mean there are some customers that feel a sense of entitlement because of the frequency they are at Mugshots and appear snobbish.  I enjoy the walk over to get a cup of coffee every so often.Every time I am down in Philly to visit friends we stop in at Mugshots daily.  The coffee is great and the staff is always really nice, no pretension here.
Aside from the awesome coffee the vibe is very welcoming, definitely the perfect way to start your morning after a late night!
Being a vegetarian I normally get the shaft when it comes to food options but the food here is actually well thought out, not just the standard veggie items you see at 90% of cafe's, and delicious.
Wish that there was a Mugshots near me!love mugshots. the food is great (yes, a little pricy for what it is but o well). they always have crazy blended coffees and they have this thing, the vegan WHOOPIE PIE. even a veteran sweets expert eater such as myself can't finish one by...myself. delicious!
totally crazy on weekends and sometimes hard to get a table. also, if you wait too long on a saturday or sunday they might run out of a lot of bagels and only have some bullshit kind left, like sun-dried tomato. also, when we were sitting outside last summer some complete waste of life at the next table threatened to "beat the shit out of" our dog for looking at his bagel? so uh, yeah. if you bring your dog, remind him/her not to look at anyone's food. the horror!What on earth happened to the prices in this place?  $2.48 for a 16 oz. coffee now?  I think $2 is pretty much the barrier for me.  I've been a regular here for a while, but at this prices, I have to move on.  And, the coffee quality seems to have gone down...I may be mistaken but the coffee tasted robusta to me on this last visit...
Customer service has always been hit or miss here, and the fact that now a regular coffee is as much as a latte, I think I've had enough.Mugshots is one of those places that is awesome on paper, but somehow they manage to fall short in the execution.  Great location..check.  Cool, casual atmosphere...check.  Inked and pierced hipster baristas...check.  Good coffee (the Guatemalen blend is my favorite)...check.
What Mugshots lacks is a good system of service that allows customers to order and receive their drinks and food in a reasonable amount of time without wanting to take hostages.  With their much-anticipated expansion about 2 years back (they doubled their size by taking over the space next door) you'd have thought they would have a better flow going with their drink and food preparation.  Not so much.  Food orders (especially on the weekend when it's most crowded with yuppie weekend warriors and their offspring in strollers) take...roughly..forever!  The staff is mostly friendly, but sometimes seem distracted or disorganized.  The place is not what you'd call a model of efficiency, shall we say.  
OK, maybe I'm being a bit harsh.  But that's because I used to love this place.  I was happy to have a cool, comfortable place in the neighborhood to work on my laptop while sipping on a latte.  Now, they've sealed up most of the power outlets to keep customers from camping out too long (probably a good business decision, but annoying nonetheless), and you have to make a purchase every hour in order to get a unique wi-fi "code" to use their network.  Again, probably good for profits, but do I need to keep having the network drop while I'm working or sending an email?  What Mugshots fails to get is that people WILL spend money if they hang out for a couple of hours, without all the restraints and rules.  Those tend to fly in the face of the laid-back, bohemian vibe they've got going on.
Still...good sandwiches, salads, coffee, and tea.  Plus they're fair-trade and organic, which I kind of like.  
Wish I could do better than a 3, but they're not really there..sorry.The atmosphere is nice and cozy and the food is decent, but the drinks are definitely WAY over priced. Depending on the time of day, also too crowded to get a table and they run out of bagels all the time. what kind of coffeeshop runs out of bagels every day?
The staff are very professional and quick with the orders, but they can definitely get a little snippy if some entitlement brat is holding up the line (which also happens a lot).
the deserts are fantastic, but the "healthy" vegan foods and specialties are full of nasty substitutes instead of sticking with actual natural ingredients(e.g. they use the processed fake meat instead of just using lentils, stuff like that)Ladies and gents of yelp- it's peanut butter jelly time!! Cue the music because I know I just got that song stuck in your head all day. You're welcome :)
Now, I have a deep love for something I discovered here at mugshots- the peanut butter and jelly smoothie drink. I swear that's not soy they add, it's liquid bread because when you drink this- it takes you back to lunch in elementary school, picnics and whenever the cooler was brought out of the garage to stuff with water and sandwiches. I can describe how this drink tastes besides A+, incredible, amazing, fresh and right on point. 
Now I've never had coffee here, since I can't stray from the aforementioned drink but there's always a line of people in here and I would encourage them all to order exactly what I did. 
You're so far from me mugshots, but oh so close. I'll be back love.My first visit her was quite a few years back while waiting for a bunch of friends to head over to Eastern State with. I remember having an awesome little sandwich in a coffee house that still reminded me of those super cool hangout spots of the 90s where there is art everywhere and a young guy with long hair somewhere strumming protest songs on his guitar. I though it was a strange environment to drop such a shop, but at that time I was naive to the gentrification going on around Fairmount.
I went back last night for a cool art opening / fundraiser for Screens 'N' Spokes last night and was highly impressed at the growing menu and the fair trade section they had. I am not exactly veg but was excited to see that they served vegan sausage and tofu chive cream cheese. Mmmmmm....
Oh, and they have smoothies, too. And how I love smoothies.
Have to come back sometime and get some grub. Until then I'm still a fan.Just about the nicest staff in all of Philadelphia.  
It's big and roomy, but seating (and outlets) can get scarce.  It's a good place to get some work done, if you don't mind balancing your laptop on your lap.I was super excited to see the new location for the first time. As soon as I walked in, I was so depressed by how different everything looked that I almost left. I'm glad I didn't though because the salads and baked treats are as good as ever. After I sat for a while, I had to admit that it's not that bad. The space is smaller and everything looks nice and new with a fresh coat of paint on the walls. But the old venue just had that great vibe of an old building that's been reinvented a couple of times. From the windows you used to see the stone walls of the Penitentiary; now you're looking at Rite Aid. It's still a fine coffee shop, but a huge part of what made it unique is gone.I really wanted to like Mugshots, as it is my neighborhood coffeeshop, and they have such nice squashy couches or sunny outdoor tables with a view of ESP. They have cool events like in-cafe movies and half-off certain foods on Mondays.
But I always have such terrible service when I go there. As my husband and I have started to say, "we are not cool enough to go there." Pretty unfriendly staff, hipstery, etc. If you don't mind that, the food and drinks are just fine, but I find it hard to continue getting ignored, stared-down, etc. Look, you work in a cafe, in the service industry. No matter how cool the place is, doesn't mean you should be above giving good, friendly service to customers.
I kinda hate giving bad reviews, but this is based on almost a year of going to Mugshots on an irregular basis. (monthly, instead of weekly or daily)so expensive and it's never open past 8 (or so it seems)  the food is hit or miss and highly overpriced.. this wasn't the case when they first opened! their prices have sky rocketed (and this was before our economy became  s***)  they're shakes are amazing but seven dollars for a shake... REALLY??? i can make that at home for a fraction of the price. its insane.
just makes me sad to see ANOTHER fairmount place being a let down.... only way i could give them business everyday is if i made 300K a year. seriously. wtf.
and you WONDER why people go to starbucks... it's cheaper.
sorry. i had to say it.Cozy coffee shop with good brew, a great menu and a friendly staff.  Often have events like open mic night and offer free wifi.  A great place to get some work done if you're a college student, or to meet up with some friends.  Possibly my favorite Philly coffee shop.I had a salmon wrap, an aztec mocha and a vegan chocolate peanut butter brownie.  My sandwich and brownie were awesome but I didn't like the mocha at all.  My daughter had a vegan blt, which she said was great, a piece of vegan carrot cake which was also great, but she didn't like her pumpkin spice latte.I'm so disappointed that Mugshots moved three blocks up Fairmount into their new location.  The building is so unbelievably nondescript, it's sad. The interior looks like cross between a bad Starbucks and a cheep cinderblock daycare.  Mugshots has lost all it's character and charm and traded it for faux granite countertops and Ikea pleather couches.  It's sad to see you go, Mugshots, you had such a wonderful way of snapping me out of my Sunday stupor.  I know you just moved and I should give you a chance to acclimate, but I just don't see how there's anything you could do to right this - you really got everything so wrong.  So long, and thanks for the memories.  *sigh*Okay, so they do accept plastic. You just get that crap about "we ask that you have a minimum of $10 for credit card purchases..." which, if they actually enforce a minimum charge, is a violation of their merchant terms of service with Visa, MC, et al.
And yes, they have no exposed power outlets so you cannot camp there all day on your lappy. To that I say... well done!I have now stopped into Mugshots twice and can say that I would probably not go back.  Between the staff that seems uninterested whether or not I am there, the fact that the coffee (although quality coffee) is not made very well, and the "hipster" ambiance I would rather go elsewhere.  
I don't know what it is, but the staff really does not seem to care about the customers.  Most of the space seems like it could use some serious cleaning which is why I only got coffee.  The noise is fantastic and the lighting is intermittent at best.Alright, enough of the comments complaining about it being busy and expensive.  Mugshots is popular, and for a reason!  I swear these are some of the most nit-picky reviews for a restaurant that I have ever read.  The coffee is good, the food is decent, and the atmosphere is cozy... the only problem is the jerks who come here and expect to be treated special during the busiest hours of the day.  They make all they're sandwiches, smoothies, etc TO ORDER... which means it might take a little while to get your food when it's busy, but it will most likely be really good.  The bagels are fresh and delicious, the cream cheeses are excellent, the breakfast sandwiches are awesome (the bacon tastes so good), the smoothies are excellent.  Yes, they are a little on the expensive side... but the ingredients seem to be top quality and fresh.  If you want a cheap breakfast, consisting of 2 day old bagels and weak coffee... then go elsewhere.
There are usually enough seats, especially now that they opened the new area (thank you!)... but really i would recommend getting here either super early, or a little later in the day.  I mean, it gets reeallly crazy busy during peak hours... so keep that in mind.
One more thing - the service I've had here has always been consistently good and friendly.  Here's a tip - don't treat the staff like dirt, and you'll leave a happy camper.  I've seen some of the clientele come in here acting like they owned the place, and take their good old time ordering when there was a long line behind them waiting... I can't blame the cashier for wanting to keep the line moving.Stumbled upon this coffeeshop after taking the tour at the Eastern State Penitentiary right across the street. We so badly needed to sit and have something to drink after wandering around inside an old prison for 2+ hours, and Mugshots was the perfect remedy. 
I only got an Italian soda and a red velvet cupcake but both were delicious. This place is really cute and the menu items all have jail/crime-themed names like Bonnie & Clyde and The Scapegoat. There are a bunch of couches and tables, and a bookshelf filled with all sorts of random books.
I do have to say though, the woman who took our order at the counter seemed really confused and asked us to repeat our orders several times. It also took what seemed like forever to ring us up. Otherwise I liked this spot and if I lived in Philly I think this would be a great place to hang out and read.At the end of a short visit to Philly, I needed some good sustenance for my 7 hour flight back to London. The morning of our departure, Mugshots offered just what I never knew I needed: a mango "recovery" shake and a PB&J bagel.
Wish I could come back again and again for their movie nights! I'd happily sip mango smoothies for the rest of my days...This place really bugs me. It's extremely overpriced, the staff is not that friendly, you have to pay for internet and it's just for one hour. It's 2010, not 1998...the internet is everywhere so why do you have pay for it? Especially when you advertise "free wifi." Every time I order food and it comes out on the plate and it just looks so lonely and anticlimactic because there are no sides, not even a pickle... just a sandwich or bagel alone on a plate. Also, they have a $10 credit card minimum which is just annoying.My thoughts on the place are really a mixed bag, but I appreciate their dedication to fair-trade coffees and teas and local ingredients for food, so that bumps them up a star.
I went in here on a Saturday at maybe around 1, and it was ridiculously crowded. I had some time to kill before catching my bus, so I didn't really mind standing in line for a while and browsing their menu. Looks like they have some tasty options, and as someone looking to incorporate more vegan and local cuisine into my diet, I found the menu exciting.  However, the prices on some of these things (and the fact that I was on my way to a Honey's Brunch-- seriously, an addiction) deterred me.  
As a company that snubs Starbucks (and hey, I do too, so I appreciate it!), I was a little perplexed by their coffee menu, which looked like it had some pretty frou-frou and expensive drinks not unlike the bigger chains.  I like places that list a cup of coffee as being COFFEE, not Americano, or "mugshot," whatever that is (is it their coffee? plain? Suppose I could've asked).  I got the Mayan Chai tea, mainly because I found their coffees overpriced.  Let me say, it was delicious!  And I'm really happy they offer a variety of milks (including soy) by the counter, not just cream.  Probably my biggest peeve about DD is that they don't have milks and sugars out on a counter for you to mix in, but my problems with Dunks' should probably be reserved for a different review.
Overall, cute little place, a little overcrowded and hipstery/yuppie-ish, but I like their mission to provide decent vegetarian/vegan options and fair-trade drinks.I want to begin by saying a little while ago I would have given Mugshots five stars, but now they have become less user friendly. Due to their need to keep turnover going they have gotten rid of wi-fi between ten and two,  for someone who used to go there every weekend sometimes twice a weekend to get their work done (which usually requires some kind of internet) this was just really disappointing.I was OK with their high prices and crowded Saturdays and Sundays, but the wi-fi was the last straw. Don't get me wrong I loved the breakfast and the coffee but until that policy changes I won't be back.So good. Great atmosphere, great strong coffee (hot or iced), and a phenomenal selection of food - both snacks (brownies, baked goods, pastries, fruit), and more substantial food (sandwiches of every kind, eggs, etc). Comfy chairs, clean bathrooms. Only problem is that it is PACKED on weekends + often hard to find a place to sit or perch - either inside or out.Looking for a place to rest while apartment hunting I stumble upon mugshots, a cafe located right next to the old penitentiary.  Its a nice environment, with plenty of chairs, a comfy looking couch, you can see they've really worked to get the tone of the place right.  The menu has a lot of food on it, but is a bit lacking in drinks, and what drinks they do have seem overpriced.  The staff was pretty friendly, and the music was good, but I noticed a sign on what of the tables: "We love our customers but seating is for eating, please limit your seating at peak times."
I don't goto cafe's to pick up drinks and leave.
Maybe this shows their aspirations of becoming a restaurant.  
Regardless, not a bad place to check out, but probably too expensive to make it your home.First off, Mugshots has a good selection of fast and good food. Also I understand that the eggs, meat, etc are from local farms. So far, so good. Also, I'll give the place points for having a pretty chill vibe. With good music and comfy sofas, it's a cool place to hang out at on a Sunday morning. 
However.... the service is A-W-F-U-L. My girlfriend and I have been here several times and each time, the staff actually seems to get meaner and meaner. They are condescending, they act like you are inconveniencing THEM, they are rude, and they are slow. The service is bad enough that we might boycott the place. One of our friends actually has boycotted the place for this vey reason (crappy service). Maybe we'll even take it a step further and open a competing coffee shop in Fairmount (all we have to do is serve drinkable coffee with a smile!)
If you do, however, want to enjoy Mugshots' good food and have better service, then I recommend heading to the Manayunk Mugshots where the staff is much, much nicer.I think I've tried like 75% of their baked goods and have yet to find one I didn't like.  Coffee is pretty good too.
The food is just OK. All the salads are fine. The Capone wrap and Scapegoat Sandwich are yummy. The curried chicken salad wrap is not.
Atmosphere is cool. It's a great place to come and study which is the main attraction for me, but I hear they're stingy with their internet.I used to LOVE this place. I couldn't get enough of their Aztec mochas and breakfast burritos. The past two times I have been there have been disappointing however. 
I never minded the price of their food as it used to be fresh, local and delicious. The last time I was there I ordered a vegan chain gang which turned out to contain runny hummus and unripe tomatoes. I also ordered a smoothie which turned out to contain no yogurt and tasted like colored ice. The staff was rude which I was surprised about! They're usually so polite. 
Granted this was the Fairmount location. It seems so much time and energy has been put into the Brewerytown shop that the customer service at Fairmount has gone downhill. 
These two stars belong to the girls at Brewerytown. So polite and sweet. I will not be back to the Fairmount location for a long time.Part III of my Mugshots Review Mini-Epic: The Expansion of the Empire. 
Shut up Warren A. Mugshots finally expanded, and now has /twice/ the space of your average walk-in closet.  Actually, I've been in a few times since the expansion and even on a Sunday morning (albeit in crap weather) there were a couple of tables available. The coffee's still great, though the drip is a bit inconsistent in strength. Also, they have a surprisingly good bagel, and you can get it with soy cream cheese!  I haven't been in for the new latenight hours ('til 10 most nights, I think?) but their soy latte and vegan deserts are going to precipitate my fat arse visiting soon.Crowded, had a $5 minimum and only ten choices, what is this a bar? After being told I only had a choice of five drinks I was then told they couldn't even make it right because there to busy. Long story short don't go here.awesome food.  the place is comfortable.  they have a good selection of board games to play with a significant other.  the food is really healthy and their smoothies are mind altering.I used to look forward to coming in to Fairmount so I could go to Mug Shots with my sons.  We've done it for years and it marked some of the most enjoyable times we've shared.  We went to the new location yesterday and what a disappointment.  What happened to the character and warmth of the place?  Where's the eccentricity? Where are the comfy caste offs from grandmom's attic and the cozy nooks and crannies?  Where is the incredible menu filled with imaginative vegetarian and vegan sandwiches?  All we found was a sanitized, coffee chain ghost of its former self.  Good coffee is not enough to bring me back here.  It looks like every other mass produced coffee shop.   Its meager selection of premade sandwiches in plastic wrap is nothing but a sad eulogy for the greatness that once was Mug Shots.  Why did this have to happen???COMMENCE RANT:
Terrible, terrible, TERRIBLE customer service. 
My girlfriend and I went to Mugshots yesterday. The place was very crowded, and when it was our turn to order we noticed that there weren't any free seats. So my girlfriend told the cashier that we weren't sure if we were going to order because of the lack of available seating. Before she even finished this sentence, the cashier smirked, pointed to the line like we didn't know it was there, and gestured to the person behind us to place their order. She didn't say a single word to us. 
I understand that that isn't the type of thing a cashier wants to hear when it is busy. We were, however, going to ask her for just a second to decide what we wanted to do. But apparently she didn't feel like giving us the chance. It's like she felt that she was doing us a favor by giving us the opportunity to order, and since we had inconvenienced her so terribly she decided to revoke that privilege. Overall, this woman came off as impatient and condescending. I must say it is ironic for a cashier to have a superiority complex. 
The very fact that there was no available seating was also, in itself, annoying. Normally this wouldn't bother me, but I looked around a bit and noticed that about half of the customers were sitting there typing away on their Macbooks while nursing small coffees (some of them were just drinking water from Nalgene bottles). Even worse, many of them were sitting alone at tables meant for multiple people. And worst of all, every single one of them was a hipster. 
I know I am going to tick a lot of people off with these comments, but let's be serious here: Mugshots isn't just a "coffee shop" like Starbucks. They also serve breakfast and lunch. And people would like the opportunity to sit down and eat said foodstuffs. But they don't get the chance if everyone else thinks its acceptable to buy a cup of coffee and then sit there for extended periods of time writing term papers, brooding poetry, or whatever they consider to be trendy. This is fine when the place isn't so busy, but during rush hours it is downright inconsiderate. THERE IS A REASON WHY THEY PUT A ONE HOUR LIMIT ON WIFI ACCESS FOR CUSTOMERS!!!!!
I should mention that although we left without ordering, we had been to Mugshots once before and the food was pretty tasty. This doesn't make up for the awful customer service and the droves of self-absorbed "cool kid" customers, however. 
So in sum, go to Mugshots if you enjoy:
-Good sandwiches (if you don't mind paying high prices and waiting a half an hour for your food to come out)
-Snarky and disrespectful staff members
-Not being able to find an open seat
-Being around gaggles of hipsters who think the place is a library, or a Starbucks, or something. 
END RANT!This is a great coffee shop in every way - wonderful location, amazing ambience, awesome people, and above all, good coffee and excellent food. What I don't get is, when every other coffee shop can offer free wifi to their customers, why the Internet here is either metered (an hour per purchase) or not available at all (hasn't been available on some weekends). Worse still, there is no possibility of purchasing Internet from carriers like AT&T or t-mobile like you can in chains like Starbucks. I'd go here if they provided wifi. Coffee shops and Internet go together - as they must.This is a great little cafe in Fairmount. They offer healthy, organic choices and great coffee drinks. It's also a nice place to people watch-- it's normally pretty crowded with Penn students and people from the neighborhood.When I'm in the right mood (by myself, driving around on an early Sunday morning, listening to XPN's Sleepy Hollow), there's no place I'd rather be than Mugshots in Fairmount. The busy but quaint ambiance sets it apart from most other coffeeshops in the city. Green Line on Baltimore arguably offers a similar vibe. I think it's something about being a nice-sized, corner coffeeshop in a greenspace neighborhood.
The food misses though. One of my favorite things is a bacon, egg, and cheese with a tomato slice on a slightly toasted English muffin. They don't have English muffins, so that's the first minus and their eggs are often scrambled and flavorless. Their saving grace is the Jailhouse Rock. Fresh, organic peanut butter spread over multigrain toast with banana slices and drizzled honey. Nothing beats that. 
If I want to hang out by myself, read a book or the paper to the slight bustle of a coffeeshop, Mugshots is a choice spot.I went here with a friend around 9:30 on a Saturday morning. Neither of us had ever been there, so we didn't know the set up. They have nice outdoor seating (at least when the weather permits) and plenty of seating inside. While we wait to order at the counter, a woman took our drink order. There's a nice size chalkboard menu to check out while in line. I ordered the egg and provolone breakfast sandwich on whole wheat with vegan sausage (no carnivore option on this one). It tasted like real sausage! So good! The folks behind the counter were friendly and helpful. My friend ordered a muffin, so she got her food right away, but mine took a few minutes and they apologized for the wait. So nice. I chatted with a new guy in the neighborhood, and he raved about the place. Apparently, they have an open-mic night on Tuesdays. Oh, I like that they have actual dishware and flatware instead of all disposable materials (even though many people had to-go cups, but that's their problem). I need to learn more about their fair-trade deal. And their cupcakes looked amazing!Wow, this place was PACKED for a Saturday morning.  My sis, her boyfriend and I stopped in for a quick breakfast before hitting up the Eastern State Penitentiary across the street (which explains their clever name, har har).  The girl at the register was nice and patient with us, despite an ever-growing line behind us.  I got a turkey/swiss/wheat bagel and a soy hot chocolate.  Sadly, they put a bunch of whipped cream into it, kind of defeating the purpose of my special order.
The sandwich was all right, but greatly benefited from a few dashes of Louisiana hot sauce.  Also, this place needs a few more tables and chairs.  Still, I liked the atmosphere, and I can see why it's popular.Been there twice; once for a latte, another for a drip coffee and a bagel with cream cheese and veggies. It was packed to the gills on our first visit (race on the Parkway had just ended) and I couldn't wait to get out.  My 2nd visit was more leisurely and I enjoyed my sandwich. My dining partner enjoyed the vegan reuben.  I was a little surprised at the cost: $18 for a bagel sandwich, reuben, drip coffee and a juice.  I'm thinking $15 would have been more appropriate.
When not packed to the gills, the place is kinda cool. Dark, seems a little hazy/smokey (from the kitchen).I liked this place better before they expanded it, though as the owner comments below, their expansion has allowed them to make a lot of food in-house, which has helped them to lower their prices.
Overall, Mugshots is a nice place to study or get coffee with the girls.  The drinks are delicious, especially their smoothies (I love the peanut butter banana one).
I've never been crazy about the food here -- although the price reflects the owner's choice in selling local and often in-house-produced food (which is awesome), it's not the tastiest food I've ever eaten.  But, the chocolate desserts are really tempting and I think they now serve some Capogiro gelato here as well.
One thing that really makes Mugshots stand out to me is that they use 100% wind energy.  I think that's just fantastic.Food is "healthy" and okay, if you don't mind your eggs microwaved and a sometimes snooty morning crew talking about things they learn in art school. Great coffee and vegan treats! And I've been meaning to ask for a membership card.i roll into this place sunday morning to sit and play my nintendo ds, eat a yummie sundried tomato bagel with plain cream cheese and a dose of good, strong coffee.
the people who work here are chill, the food is pretty good for a coffee joint. the atmosphere ebbs and flows from busy, noisy, to a plateau of nice. beware, this place fills up, long lines and there is not a lot of tables. there are sofas, which is usually taken by people studying or using the free wi-fi and just refilling their coffee mugs. 
you need to master the hover nearby people almost done eating technique if you wish to sit and sip here. i like the tactic of having someone stand in line and order for everyone and then sending the wingman to scout out for a table. if you wanna play with the big kids, you gotta learn to play the game folks. heed my techniques!When it started, it was great...Now..the servers seem a little testy and
sometimes "short" with the customers.  It isn't "inexpensive" either.I had chili here that was crazy good.
It was busy. It was cozy. I was able to get plenty of work done. Didn't feel like it was too loud. 
Prices were a bit high - but umm, it's the art museum district. Have you looked around you? Gentrification 101 - charge $5 for a cup of coffee.I would like a nice, friendly, smiling neighborhood coffee place, please, pretty please.
I went to MG with a friend from out-of-town this morning and my friend was shocked by how openly hostile the girl at the cashier was.
Kind of embarrassing when you presented the place as your favorite hang-out coffee place.
I believe in healthy competition and I wish there were another good coffee place in the neighborhood so that Mugshots feels compelled to improve its customer service.
I like that that the atmosphere is laid-back but they take laid-back to a new level...They tend to be slow  and they have a really hard time to customize orders.
I often have breakfast there on weekends and i love their croissants, the coffee is good but it would be even better if it came with a smile.Hubby and I went there on our 1st anniversary since we did not freeze our wedding cake.  We thought that we'd get one fresh instead.
It turns out that they were closing early for a staff meeting so we ended up eating our special piece of cake in the car.  I've tried this cake before and was not even sure if it was the same kind.  I'm wondering if they had a refrigerator issue as the consistency didn't seem right.
The cashier made it seem like he was doing us some kind of favor when we asked for plastic forks with our to-go container.
I've only been there a few times and there was another time that they closed early because they were 'slow'.  I've worked in restaurants before and there is plenty to do behind the counter if there aren't many customers.  Closing early was a huge inconvenience for me because I was supposed to meet with a friend at 9:15 on a Friday night (when it says on their site that they close at 10 PM).  I didn't know where else to go near there where we could chat over coffee.  
Unfortunately for such a mediocre place, they do pretty well because there is little to no competition in the area.  So, I suppose that they can afford a negative review, stale cake and rude staff.The sandwiches and the salad I've had at Mugshots have been pretty decent. But of course, being a coffeehouse you probably want to know about the coffee and the atmosphere.   The coffee is pretty good, although it does seem to take some time to get your drink.  The atmosphere is fairly relaxed with a good mix of students, families, and the odd character or two. The prices for both coffee and food are fairly reasonable and they take debit/credit cards.
They have excellent free wireless internet.  And they have some wired ports(Ethernet). What is really annoying is that they have a limited number of outlets, so if you want to hang around you've got to find a spot that isn't taken. 
My only other gripe is that the staff seems to delight in cranking what ever music their whimsy desires.  So while I like punk music and metal, I'm not really fond of it while I"m trying to enjoy coffee and do some studying/reading.Since I moved to the Fairmount neighborhood I have dropped in on occasion for my usual caffeine fix. They've expanded since then but I rarely go to sit and relax. It simply isn't an open, light filled place like the sort I'm fond of. 
The good-I have yet to order anything I don't like. No surprise there since you can't really go wrong when using locally farmed ingredients. The vegan BLT w/guacamole is my current favorite. I'm not a latte person and don't like syrup in my coffee so I can't comment on their flavored espresso drinks but the Americanos are good. The coffee sometimes is hit or miss but overall I'd say it's a hit. The workers are all very nice and approachable and unlike others my experience with their service has been positive. 
The bad-Prices, especially in this crappy economy are higher than I'd like to pay. I chalk it up to the fact that it's directly across from the penitentiary and in the art museum district.Mugshots and I had a falling out. Oh Mugshots, I used to love you so. Until I branched out and saw that there are other fish (er, coffee shops) in the pond (um, city). 
Positives: The food is great. Organic, fresh ingredients, and I love the vibe there. The staff is pretty nice. Smoothies are good. Coffee is good. I do like their loyalty cards that earn you a free coffee once every 10(?) coffee drinks. 
Negatives: If you sit for an hour (that's all the time you're allotted for internet), you go home smelling like stale coffee. My boyfriend calls it the "Mugshots Smell." The food takes awhile, so don't expect to pop in for a quick bite. There aren't many outlets, so you either get a cold seat by the windows or hog a whole table to yourself.
It's extremely pretentious to restrict internet in an area like Fairmount where there are many people who would love to hang out in a coffee shop and do work. And the fact that it's the biggest establishment in the area means it would probably run a similar one out of business. But please, future coffee shop owners, try! We need a better alternative.
*Note: Rybread on Fairmount is awesome but oh-so small!If you want disaffected trustafarians or hipsters to serve you overpriced coffee at their own leisurely pace, this is the place for you.
Coming off of living in Portland, Oregon for fifteen years, it's as if these jamokes were relocated to Philadelphia, since they couldn't hack it in the Pacific Northwest as a barista.  
Everything about this place needs to be changed from the pricing to the seating and most importantly; the staff.  I strongly suggest that the owner learn the distinction between running a hipster group home and a business.I'm a fan of Mugshots mostly for its atmosphere than anything else.  It's very eclectic and unique.  All the furniture is unique to the space (they even have an old church pew alongside one wall).  I enjoyed spending some time here, chatting and having a low-key afternoon.  The afternoon I went, it was crowded so the two of us barely found somewhere to sit.  If you come here with a larger group, good luck finding seating together.  The staff was really friendly and I ordered a German Chocolate hot chocolate.  It was good but I wish it was creamier.  Will definitely hit this place up again if I'm in the Fairmount area.Stopped in one morning to get some breakfast for work on my way to work. The girl at the register was not friendly at all and seemed totally disinterested in my presence, already ruining my experience.
I ordered a wheat bagel with veggie cream cheese and a chai latte. The bagel was OK, but the veggie cream cheese was too onion-y. The chai latte was made fresh and quite delicious.
Probably won't go back despite living just blocks because of the service, but I won't totally rule it out for satisfying my chai latte craving.The veggie food was soooo good.  They had a really wide range of veggie sandwiches and a lot of delicious smoothies and teas. The atmosphere was nice, but I wish they had more couches! Definitely recommend it. The sandwiches were a little small but maybe we're just used to over-sized American portions that normal sandwiches look small....Love mugshots- great cafe!
my only request would be for them to offer more gluten free options- gf wraps would make this place even better!If you live in Fairmount/Art Museum, Mugshots should be your go-to coffee shop. The coffee is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the food is actually pretty amazing. The atmosphere is pretty cool and there is more seating than your average coffee shop. That being said, if you show up at peak hours, don't expect to have somewhere to sit (or to get your breakfast sandwich in a very timely manner either). 
They also have the best name ever for a coffee shop that is located directly across from a historical prison.I try to stop by Mugshots whenever I'm over in the neighborhood. Coffee is great, food is locally produced and made to order by the staff, and even though it's usually pretty busy, the patrons are friendly and courteous. I always get the BLT&A sandwich - Lancaster bacon, lettuce, tomato, mustard sauce and apple, yum!  A good neighborhood coffee shop.On the recommendation of some friends, who told me they have some of the best smoothies in the city, I decided to stop in to see what the hype was all about. I walked in and was very greeted by a very nice lady at the counter who gave a few smoothie suggestions. I went with the Mango, and loved it! The only thing bad about it was the brain freeze I got from drinking it so fast. I'm not a vegan, but the desserts there are fabulous. I'm also big on environment. It was very clean, the staff was friendly, and was even greeted to some live entertainment (to my surprise, they have live music there too.)
My bottom line assessment is Mugshots is Starbucks on steroids!If I could rate 4.5 that's where i'd put mugshots.
It's my local coffee shop and I feel lucky at that especially because of their late hours.  I seriously can't understand why so many other coffee shops close early around 6... whatever their loss and Mugshots fills the gap nicely.
So i'm vegetarian and their selections are great.  They have amazing sandwiches and soups as well as choices for the meat eater.  I'm a fan of most of their drinks just wish I enjoyed their vanilla chai :/  one of my favorites but the rest of the lot suit me just fine.  Sometimes they run out of my bagel choice buy hey that's my fault for waking up so late in the day sometimes ha.  It's a decent sized place and they have nice seats and sofa/chairs to chill out with friends or a laptop.  just be ready to battle for seats when students mid terms are going on or octobers eastern state penn haunt.  great place overallIf i lived in the fairmont area, I'd be here every saturday morning for their breakfast sandwich. The breakfast egg sandwich (bacon egg cheese) is great and authentic (not like the microwaved ones you can at McD's or Dunkin). It is super cute inside, and the only downside is the limited seating on weekends -it is packed!It's a neighborhood place, which means it helps to know what you're dealing with.  That means you may want to avoid Mugshots on a race/walk/charity event day (which admittedly is pretty darn often in the warmer months).  It's packed as crap during those times.
The food is Fairmount-priced.  There's a market in the hood for their price points, so I guess good for them.  
So the slightly inflated priced food is very good.  The baked goods are Excellent.  Srsly - maple bacon + cheese muffin?  Cherry chocolate chip?  Oh yes.  I've also had wraps, rice bowls, bagel sammies - all good.
I've read people on Yelp complain about the service, but I don't give a hell if someone forgets to be polite to me.  Don't you just get to a certain point (within reason) where you let that stuff slide and focus on the muffin?
The food + coffee are consistent (nobody does coffee as well as La Colombe though), and if you can manage to get a good seat with an outlet near by, it's pretty perfect.  Although I definitely wish they would get rid of or expand the 1-hr time limit on internet service.I only stopped here to have coffee and catch up with a friend. I was glad I did. The tea I had was amazing. They had a great variety of drinks, and were not over priced.
They were playing great music and had interesting art on the walls. Thats all I ask for from a coffee shop!Mugshots, though I have only been one time, seems like a really great place.  The exterior does no justice to how gorgeous and cozy the interior is- and PLENTY of work space.  Their iced coffee was served in a ginormous mug and it was tasty and caffeiney.  Sometimes I am irritated by iced coffee- but I felt that theirs gave me a fair amount of coffee and an appropriate amount of ice.  There's a fine balance to this !  I could not believe the selection of treats, food, and beverages.  I will be back soon to try more!