I have so far made two stops to pick up lunch from the buffet at Mumbai Bistro and can say, without any reservations, that it is perfectly adequate.  I have not been blown away by anything, and the flavors of the dishes I have sampled (Chicken Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka Masala, Mumbia Dal, and Navratan Korma) were fairly muted.  They also tout that the food is prepared without butter or ghee.  Um - I am not sure this is a good thing.  I enjoy the richness of Indian food; if I want light, I'll get a salad or something Mediterranean. The mumbai dal (a lentil dish) was so saucy and skimpy on the lentils that it might as well have been a broth-based soup.
In spite of my gripes, I do expect I will go back to Mumbai Bistro.  They fill a void for low-key, inexpensive Indian takeout in the immediate neighborhood.  They have a few tables set up to eat it, but it looks like their primary business is simple take-out.  The food (while somewhat uninspired) was all cooked well, and seemed fresh and hot in the buffet.  The space is clean, and the staff have all been friendly.  The idea of "lighter" Indian fare is not a bad one, but I would love to see them amp up their flavor a bit.Tip: Order on their website for fast, free delivery!
Mumbai is probably the cheapest indian takeout I've had. The food is great and tastes much healthier than the other Indian restaurants I've been to in the past. There are some really great vegan choices and everything is marked on the menu as well. 
I really like that you can go on their website and order food for very quick delivery. I only eaten inside the restaurant once and thought it was good. I think Mumbai is more useful for delivery as the place has a fast-food feel. 
I would definitely recommend Mumbai Bistro!One of the worst tika masalas I ever tasted and i've order it many times from numerous places in various cities. This place is americanized and unauthentic.very clean establishment. the service was friendly enough, the food was piping hot, and the roti was delicious! good vegetarian options and they label which of their dishes are safe for vegans, gluten-free, lactose-free, etc.
as said by others, this is basically indian fast food. i would recommend it!For me it was easy and fast to order on my way to go.. delicious and best lamb biryani I ever hadI've done take-out from this restaurant several times when I'm in this part of Philly. 
If you have read my other reviews on yelp, you know I have tried several different Indian restaurants, so I'm very familiar with the cuisine and what to expect.
What I like about Mumbai Bistro:
1) The prices -- most affordable Indian food. If you're on a budget like me, this is perfect.
2) Simple, easy-to-understand menu. It also tells you what's spicy, what's gluten free, what contains dairy.
3) Fast service. Even if you don't call in and order ahead for take-out, they get your to-go order ready in 5-10 mins.
4) The food taste and quality is good. Good selection of appetizers and entrees. It's not THE best Indian food ever (you get what you pay for), but it's always good, enjoyable.
There's nothing I really dislike about this place.This place is fast and very reasonably priced. Their take-out portions are small, but only four or five bucks depending on what you get, so you can try a bunch of things without spending too much money. You can also order rice and nan in individual protions so you get just the right amont. 
Ordering online is easy too.the last time i came here, the food was "off" - not spoiled or inedible but lacking taste and texture. i got a to-go container of food from their buffet for a late lunch...a variety of different offerings from a chicken-based dish to a couple of vegetarian items (lentils and cauliflower). the flavor was so-so and the texture of the lentils and the chicken was rather "soupy." i'm used to thicker sauces when i get indian food and was underwhelmed when i ended up with a pool of thin sauce underneath my rice.
i'm rather surprised that this restaurant has the same "star" rating at the indian restaurant on south st near 16th. the latter is upscale and amazingly delicious while this place is on the cheaper end of quality and taste.
of note, though, i still appreciate that mumbai bistro labels all of their food to safeguard those with dietary restrictions. the staff is also very friendly and gracious.We've never been inside, only ordered out:
Chicken Tikka Masala is delicious. Saag Paneer is good. Chicken Vindaloo is a bit watery, but delicious none the less. We were not a fan of their Lamb Samosa's but their vegetable ones are amazing. Their naan is good for the most part. Their curry needs a bit of work. They get 5 stars because of their affordable indian food that is also delicious and their AMAZING customer service. They accidentally screwed up the order, the guy in charge called me right back, apologized, told us to enjoy the mistake as they remade our food fresh! This was literally done in minutes. Unlike Gianfranco's Pizza Rustica when Mumbai Bistro makes a mistake they fix it and unlike Gianfranco's Pizza Rustica....... Mumbai Bistro was polite. This is now our go to spot when we have a craving for indian food. Mumbai Bistro we heart you. ; )Mumbai is tasty and cheap Indian.  The buffet is sparse, but fresh, and although none of the food packs a real punch, it is well-flavored.
If you're looking for chicken vindaloo that is going to scald the tongue, this isn't the place, but it's fast, not too oily, and doesn't sit like a pit in the bottom of your stomach like some other Indian take out.I work nearby and get food from them about once a week. Everything I have gotten has been tasty and well made, and the prices are very reasonable. I generally get take-out, but there are some tables to sit inside as well.Is it the best Indian food that I have eaten? No; probably not in my top three, but the food is pretty good.  Living in South Jersey, it is good to find a spot to pick up a meal on the way home that doesn't require me going to a fast food our curb side pick-upchain. Good place to have a nice lunch, buffet is small but plentiful.This place is amazing! The food is incredibly cheap and insanely delicious. They even deliver and I can order online! I especially like that the vegan options are clearly marked. I have been here time and time again and will continue to return.This place is 2 blocks from my house and 3 blocks from my office, so it's convenient for both lunch and dinner options if I am in the mood for Indian.  Lucky for me that it happens to be tasty also!
P.S.  It is buffet style with rice and 4 or 5 main course options.  You can order samosas or naan at the counter.The food was awesome and I would definitely recommend it. They have this buffet per pound system which costs you 5.25$ where you can select anything of your choice and a pound is usually quite filling. The food tasted great and it's worth going there once.So so good! One of the only places I don't freak out about branching out in terms of the menu. It gives you the chance to try it all without committing to the price of a larger dish. That said, no matter how much I mix it up VEGETABLE SOMOSAS ARE A MUST.Always delicious food, very convenient. They are quite friendly, but not in a pushy way. Affordable. I wish they have a more eco-friendly approach (even eat-in is served on disposable plates), but I can understand how that might not be affordable.If this was more of a restaurant I would give it four stars but it's really more of a cafeteria.  You get food by the weight and they really only have a couple things to choose from.  Food wasn't bad at all but I think they really could've done more with it and have a better selection of different Indian cuisine.  On the plus side it's really cheap I think my food was like four or five dollars for the plate so its worth it to check it out if in the neighborhood.Good tasting food and nice buffet.  Lots of vegetarian options and friendly manager.  Parking is a little weird but that's what u get for Philly.  Beware of the coconut water - zico brand is plastic tasting.Better off getting your food from the buffet since its constantly kept warm. If you order individual dishes from their menu their form of preparation is microwaving your food. The prices is not really that cheap compare to other Indian food and not the best ive ever tried ( then again i am from NYC).went for the order at the counter instead of buffet. food & rice were all served in each individual 10oz containers separately.   
-chicken tikka masala & garlic naanI've bumped up to 5 stars after having a great lunch from there yesterday. The samosas were great and the saag paneer was the best I ever had! Chicken tikka masala- excellent. A lot of times I find chicken in an Indian buffet sub- par but this is good quality, well prepared moist white meat.Cauliflower-potato curry was excellent. I love the food here, always fresh and tasty. Don't forget to ask for hot sauce; it's extremely flavorful without being too hot.Skip the naan. I had a Trader Joes paratha with it instead!Ordered delivery for lunch at work since I was starving, but not crazy enough to go out in this afwul heat and humidity. The food arrived in about 20-25 minutes so that was a great plus. Though, he didn't bring the food into the building and I had to meet him outside (ugh... that heat). Not a plus, but not at all the delivery guy's fault.
I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala with basmati rice and the gulab jamun for dessert. The chicken was well-cooked, tender, and probably had decent flavor. I say "probably", because the whole thing was so incredibly watery. I think they didn't use any yogurt or corn starch. Still, not the worst I've had (that prize goes to Nanee's Kitchen at Reading Terminal). The chicken wasn't really that bad and I still had dessert to look forward to. Nope. Instead of the sweet, spongey goodness usually associated with gulab jamun, it was hard and a little gritty.
I could overlook the quality of the food if it was at least cheap, but it's not really that much cheaper than other places.
Definitely not a place to introduce someone to Indian cuisine if they've never had.Great food! I love their Paneer Masala and Saag Paneer. Very friendly service as well.I'm a little puzzled by all the rave reviews for this place. Don't get me wrong, I still continue to go here despite the "meh" food, but the attractiveness of Mumbai Bistro lies nearly entirely in the location and the price (which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1).
I am definitely glad that there is place in walking distance from both Jefferson and Pennsylvania hospital that serves ready-made Indian food I can grab on my lunch break. The standard hospital cafeteria fare can grow old quickly, and I often fantasize about a delicious curry when I contemplate grabbing something predictable from the hospital cafe. 
And I suppose it's a smart business strategy to serve Indian food that is palatable to pickier eaters or people who don't normally enjoy spicy cuisine, but for someone like me who loves Indian food for its vibrant and complex flavors, the food served here is a bland facsimile of familiar favorites. The malai kofta and the mixed vegetable curry are probably the best meatless dishes served here, but even those lack the expected richness and texture. The Gobi Malasa tends to be overcooked and mushy and the paneer masala is downright watery. The naan is somewhat soggy and seems like it has been microwaved.
I don't like giving bad reviews, and I want this place to remain in business, but I think there are some very easy fixes they could do to improve the food here, namely not watering down dishes and not using a microwave to heat up naan. I think it is great that they do not use butter or ghee, but I've also made vegan Indian food in my own home that was more flavorful than this, so I don't find the health claims to be a valid excuse for blandness. I think the concept of a cheap vegan & celiac-friendly buffet that is 5$ a pound is a fantastic idea, but I don't think that it should come at the cost of flavor and consistency.
If you work close by and you're really craving some cheap and fast Indian food that meets your dietary restrictions, I suppose it wouldn't hurt to come here, but if you have your choice of Indian restaurants, I'd definitely recommend choosing a different one.Food poisoning anyone? I used to order their samosas frequently until I got severely sick recently. My husband also threw up all night. The two stars are because those samosas actually tasted good, but the threat of food poisoning again is just not worth it. I can only imagine the food was prepared in unsanitary conditions or/ and with expired products. Either way, I'm done with this place.The food was tasty but nothing particularly amazing.  I had some chicken tikka masala, saag paneer and navratan korma from the buffet.  The sauce on the chicken wasn't as thick and creamy as I'm used to, but I thought both of the vegetable dishes were good.
It was convenient and inexpensive.  It's fairly small inside, but I went at dinner and there were a couple tables open.  The guy behind the counter was friendly and was clearly familiar with several of the people who came in.Great cheap Indian. I'm not usually a prepared buffet person (and for what it's worth they do have some made-to-order food), but Mumbai Bistro is great for quick and inexpensive Indian. Lots of veggie, vegan and gluten-free dishes if that matters to you too.This place is good, if you work in the area and crave Indian food to go. There is a buffet of different Indian food, including the typical Chicken Tikka Masala. And you just grab what you want to pay by weight, which I'm pretty sure they don't subtract the weight of the styrofoam box. In any case, the price is decent for what you can get around the area. However, it doesn't come out as cheap as you would imagine. $7-12 for lunch plus tax. They don't give you much naan for the price, and it's usually not fresh.
I do like the chai and chicken samosas. The chicken samosas are really big, 3 of them, and very filling for $4. Other than that, the flavors of the buffet-style dishes are sometimes lacking. But overall, I would come here again if I was in a rush to get food over a lunch break.It's a great deal. Choose from "buffet" and pay by pound. It's about $5 for a pound. Not too shabby. Also because it's self-serve, you can get your food and eat and out the door in 5 minutes (if you are fast eater). The food isn't anything to brag about but at this cost, you can't complain. The selection is about 3:2 ratio for meat:vegetable curry.Well, I read the reviews and went anyway. I must say, I wasn't disappointed. It is just as others have said, a very basic selection of standard Indian dishes and a few tables if you want to eat in. I grabbed my chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and naan to go, and when I got home and dug in, everything was up to par. Nothing was as spicy as I would have liked, but nothing ever is. Perils of being a spicy food junkie, I suppose.
All in all, if you want something fast and happen to be in the area, Mumbai Bistro is definitely worth considering. The prices are super reasonable, and the food gets the job done. Don't, however, expect something worth writing home about.I had lamb biryani and it was not a biryani. In stead it was fried rice with some lamb chunks. I could see that the rice was Jasmine or even lower quality rice unlike in other Indian restaurants where they use quality basmati rice. Biryani did not have any biryani masala or smell. 
The rice was fried with cumin seeds. It was pre cooked like long time ago and they microwave in front of me instead of heating up in the cooking pan. The lamb pieces were so dry and over microwaved multiple times. Overall I was given some random foods. Certainly not biryani.Authentic Indian flavours and great prices! Tried the aloo paratha, garlic naan, and raita, all of which tasted great. The portions could've been a bit bigger, but I suppose it's fair for the price. Definite value for money. Can't wait to go back!I came here because I wanted to introduce my vegan friend to a great restaurant instead of the opposite way for a change. Even though this isn't a vegetarian place, a lot of Indians are vegetarians so Mumbai Bistro was perfect for her. She loved the food and I did too! I'm a meat-eater but I also hate spicy food. The cashier was kind enough to cater to my tastes, assuring me that their Chicken Tikka Masala would not be spicy nor would they add any spice for me. The workers had the patience of saints for putting up with my weak tongue. The space is also nice and cozy, adding to the homey food.I would definitely come back to this restaurant! The entire menu had markings on it to show which items were gluten free, vegan, and lactose free.  The food was delicious, and they even had a gluten free flatbread which was fluffy and tasted like real bread! We ordered one flatbread to start, but then ended up buying two more because they were so good! We ordered several other dishes, all of which came out fast and packaged in plastics containers so that it was simple to pack up to take home.The restaurant had an a la carte menu as well as a buffet, so there were many options to choose from. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who has dietary restrictions, as well as those without.Tasty, fresh, and friendly.  Plus, a loyalty card!  I'm in.
Lots of med students grabbing a bite to eat, chefs constantly re-filling the buffet with fresh food from the kitchen, clean.Delivery order placed online was simple, paid cash when food arrived, food was hot and plentiful.  Samosas were large and 2 per order.  Nana, chickpea, and chicken curry were all tasty, though a bit mild to our taste.  Chicken in particular was very tender.  Total bill under thirty for 4 people.Just ordered delivery, and it's frankly inedible. I will NOT be going back. Sauces are super watery and oily, limited flavor, generally awful.
Veggie samosa - soggy and floury.
Lamb korma - big chunks of boiled meat in greasy water, no texture / flavor at all.
Dal - watery and floury.
Naan - edible but ordinary. If I had heated up a naan from the supermarket it would taste better.
Seriously disappointing, I've just spent $15 to be hungry :-(Nice selection, both daily buffet and off the menu. Mango lassi outstanding. While targeted for take out, there are a few tables and the atmosphere and staff are very friendly and helpful. Very good value at a very reasonable price.Overpriced, dry rice, small rotis, terrible tea. As an Indian I will not be coming back hereGreat cheap option when you need your Indian fix. Not the absolute best Indian I have every had but it was still satisfying and fixed my korma craving. I also had the garlic nann which was not that good- hardly had a garlic flavor. My buffet take out including the garlic nann was all under $7 (they weigh it for the price) so I couldn't beat it. Would go again!This is my go-to Indian food spot. For delivery is fine, but you get the most for your money if you go in and hit the buffet. Most things are gluten-free, and are specified. The food is all fresh and thickened with yogurt (making it gluten-free). The ONLY thing I hate is that I ALWAYS crave them on Mondays and sadly they are closed. Such is the way. 
Check out their website for the buffet's daily menu. Everything else can be made a la carte. Check them out!Love this place. It's my neighborhood go-to for takeout. The food is really good quality and the staff is friendly. I have always gotten the buffet items - the dal is delicious and I can also vouch for the saag paneer.A good place for a quick lunch. Well priced and satisfying. Will return. I have had better, but I've also paid more and wouldn't necessarily go to those place routine. Mumbai serves it's purpose and it does it well.We ordered the paneer, dal and kofta. The food was horrible. There was no taste and the food was so watery.My office recently ordered samosas and tandoori chicken for an event from Mumbai Bistro.  The food was great and everyone loved it! The staff was also very accommodating for our need to pick-up the order prior to their opening time.  Great food, great prices and service.Great Indian food for a decent price. Located right down town so makes a great lunch spot.Pleasantly surprised was really good. Officially my go to spot for affordable Indian food.I've gotten delivery from here about a dozen times now. What I've enjoyed the most was the Veg Samosas, Channa Massala, and the Chicken Vindaloo. For the price I was pleasantly surprised by the good taste, and the the order gets delivered in less than 20 minutes sometimes. You get a bit less than many other restaurants because the prices are so low, but you get enough to feel satisfied.
I ordered the Tikka Masala from them, which I imagine is the more popular order for many people when looking for Indian Food. While it was not bad by any stretch of the imagination, I tended to miss the richer (fattier) flavor of other classic Indian places that use more cream in their preparation. Most other orders I did not have this problem with. The only other problem I ran into was that the Nan was not as fresh and crispy as many other places.
Overall a great experience. Definitely recommend it for those needing cheap dinner delivery.The food is inexpensive, and the service is quick, so I really appreciate that.  Though the convenience factor is here for sure (for a quick meal or delivery), I was not wowed with the food.  The sag paneer was sub-par at best, and the chicken tikka was not very good.What's not to like about a place where you can walk in, get a totally satisfying lunch in a matter of minutes from the buffet (plenty of vegan/vegetarian choices, traditional Indian dishes), all for $4.29. Mostly a takeout place, it's also handy for that quick lunch. For eating-in, you can also order from their menu, as the buffet is somewhat limited compared to the full menu. Seating is somewhat limited - as I say, it's mainly a takeout business - but stopping in for a late lunch recently, there were several empty tables.Not bad. Not in a rush to go home, so as this was conveniently located 2 doors away from the Patco train stop, it was easy to pop in here for dinner one night. There is a very small buffet, with perhaps 6 or 7 different offerings. You load up your take-away container and it is weighed and you pay by the pound. They offer free water if you are not in the mood to buy a drink.
Pricewise, it was perfect because I was hungry but not too hungry, so I paid under $10 for my plate.
Tastewise, it was AOK. Nothing too spectacular, but tasty enough for whatever 3 or 4 dishes I lumped together.
Tiny storefront with seating for about 20 people max. Sat by the windows for entertaining people-watching.A race finished strong is always good.
Mumbai Bistro is not a restaurant experience, it is an eating experience.  They host a buffet line by the weight or you can order from the kitchen in a standard portion.  
Do they deliver?  Yes!
Are they good for take out?  Yes!
Was the Lamb Vindaloo with extra spicy curry delicious absolutely awesome?  Yes!
So what puts them from 4 to 5 stars, killer service.  I would never expect great service from a small joint that strikes me as a drive by take out but the gentleman working the cash register proved me wrong.  He did all the right stuff, greeted me when we came in, asked if I had any questions and offered to explain the menu.  He gave us the best thorough yet fast lowdown on everything and was very friendly about it.  I was so stunned by his service, I thanked him for it.  
I'll be returning.The food was extremely tasty for it's price point. I am the happiest woman when I can get chicken tikka under $10 and actually enjoy it. I will definitely return again. I only wish that they delivered past Washington Avenue!!For what it is (Indian take-out), I love this place. It is cheap, easy, clean, and the food is always tasty. I live very closeby, so I'm here at least a couple times a week. I'm in and out in five minutes with some tasty food from the buffet and usually some mango ice cream ($2, ask for it at the check-out). It is always spotlessly clean and I feel like the owners take a lot of pride in it. The selection is a little limited in that they do not serve meat aside from chicken, but what they do have they do very well. Plus, I like that it's probably a little healthier without all the butter.No. 
No yogurt in the Tikka Masala and the chicken was Tandoori. 
Naan was hard - inedible. 
Everything poorly executed and cheaply made. I ordered because of 4 stars. 
Not deserved.Walked over half mile and stumbled upon this restaurant. Being Indian, I got excited looking at their menu. Due to the fact its janamastmi hubby n I were vegetarian for the weekend.  
Came into the restaurant n there was a talk Punjabi man who was cleaning the buffet area. He didnt greet us til we sat down. I asked for paneer tikka masala just instead of paneer masala. He instantly said no. Hubby and i ordered navratan masala and paneer masal and two whole wheat rotis. I saw that he was Punjabi, I had no doubt in my mind the food would be chat pata (spicy). The food was brought out in 10 ounce plastic containers, rotis were in individual foil paper and they were reallll thick rotis. My mom would've kicked the @$$ of the persi n who made rtve rotis. Anyway the entrees tasted exactly rhe same and it was sweeter than most Gujarati food I've tried. I askes for a green chilli they gave me achar. A white man walks in n he was greeted instantly.  Really Punjabi man? Anytime we asked him for something, he had the ched type of guy cone out n give it to us...how dare he move. Not worth the walk. I should've went to Minar insteadWhat a find.  Indian buffet that is reliably fresh, quick and cheap.  Can it get any better than $5 for a POUND of food?  
I'm a big fan of the chicken tikka masala.  It may not be the best you'll find in the city, but few indian food places in Philly are better. For the price and the convenience, it's a great choice for lunch or a low-priced takeout dinner.Great little place to feed your Indian food craving. Buffet was not so spicy and that translates to my kids loving it too. Menu items came out fast and over all the place was clean, well kept and the staff was friendly!Ordered take out on 02/26/2016 while I was in the area for some work. The service was quick as always. The manager at the register is polite and professional. I love the prices! More affordable than any other Indian restaurant i have gone to. Of course, the food is not the greatest, but it's never totally disappointing either.
Having said that, I don't think i would order chicken biryani again. It's not basmati rice, and the taste is simply not authentic biryani.
The chicken curry had a pool of oil floating at the top -- not very healthy. But the chicken was perfectly tender.
The tandoori chicken appetizer was good, but it does contain red food coloring.
I do like this restaurant -- it's clean, cozy, quick, affordable, and has a simple menu with gluten or lactose-free labels.By far the cheapest Indian take-out I've found in my travels.  $7.50 for Paneer Masala, Garlic Naan, and rice (including tax)?  Sign this girl up.
Like the other reviews, it's middle of the road as far as quality.  It's great for what I needed it for: a night in with no frills.  I appreciated the vegetarian options, although I'm not a strict vegetarian, simply because I wasn't pigeonholed into getting the typical chicken. It was expediently made, and that's more than I can say for most places with such a cheap menu, but the masala was really watery and super safe as far as spices go.  The naan was definitely microwaved.  Don't expect all of the lesser-known dishes, but you can count on the old favorites.  All in all, it's a great place to visit if you're looking for cuisine that's quick and yummy (think fast-food Indian), but maybe not if you're looking for traditional, homestyle Indian.One thing that comes to mind after entering the place. Clean!
It does not smell like an Indian restaurant like Sitar, Karma or Samosa. The place has a seating for only 12-15 and the place is perfect for a quick in and out buffet. I would recommend this place only if the group is small and do not care about the ambiance as much as the taste of the food. The menu is very limited for the buffet. The price is per pound of food you take. If you are super hungry, 1.5 pounds of food will be perfect for you. Bread is extra. Overall - great food, hole in the wall.Phenomenal takeout/delivery spot. I LOVE the lack of unnecessary fats, vegan options and great prices. I'm not a vegetarian, but I crave the mumbai dal on a regular basis. I've been getting takeout/delivery since they opened and have never been disappointed.Amazing food.  Nice people.  Best Indian restaurant in Philly.Some of the best Indian food I've had.  The samosas were good everything we ordered was great.  Good vegan options too.What a great value! Lunch and dinner buffet by-the-pound take-out place with seating available for about 20. There is a rotating menu and I like the variety they offer for such a small buffet. I was able to sample 3 or 4 dishes, in little 5oz or so portions in my container. There was a little spicy tang to the food but overall it was mild and would appeal to many.  Only spent about $8 and got served a quick fresh 17oz lunch ($6) with a side of small mango juice ($2). This location is brand new as of July 2010 and they hope to expand to other locations soon.
Their to-go containers are self-sealing, and recyclable plastic, and that is thoroughly useful.Delicious and quick. The buffet helps you get in and out even faster. Not much sitting area inside, but I doubt most people stay there to eat like I did.I like Mumbai Bistro because it's a place you can go to when you get a craving for Indian food on the cheap ($4.95/lb bar, $1 samosas) or even something hot and more substantial than a sandwich, that's not chinese take out.  I congratulate it for tapping this market! 
There is a hot bar with daily meat and veg courses that rotate- stocked with all your standards...chicken tikka masala, paneer masala, chicken korma, some lentil dishes, potato and cauliflower curry.  All these hot bar items were pretty fresh. 
That being said, the quality of the dishes isn't quite Palace of the Ben worthy and they don't make their own naan (it's sorta weak).  My favorite offering was the Chicken Korma- avoid the dry Chicken Tikka Masala.  As far as Indian food goes, it's a little on the safer side with the spices pretty muted.  You also have to remember that for lunch (depending on how much you load in your to-go box) you could pay just a few bucks more and get an all you can eat buffet at Palace of the Ben with amazing naan and dessert included in the cost.
As I said above though, the ability to get pay-by-the pound Indian food in the neighborhood is pretty freakin' sweet for lunch!Good, quick, inexpensive lunch spot. The dals and paneer were all very good. The naan didn't taste so fresh but it was wrapped in aluminum foil, so it might just be the wrapping.I've been a repeat offender of this place. It's solid Indian fare, that tastes great and is inexpensive (pay by weight). I am usually leery of weighing stations because, I don't like the idea of my price being contingent on how greedy I am. They make a variety of dishes but the standard is the buffet style set up, which has basmati rice and whatever vegetarian and meat options for the day. They have a mango chutney that's absolutely delicious! 
One complaint- their naan is great, but sometimes you can tell its not fresh. For example, today I ordered the garlic naan and its fairly obvious that it was made yesterday.
Honorable mention is the fact that the food doesn't send you running to the lavatory, which- If we're being honest, is a concern with spicier cuisine.Delicious food without any belly problems, which tells me that they make a good selection of ingredients. It is also fairly cheap. Went there for dinner and the other day for lunch, was that good!Great price, great service, great food.  Can't ask for more!!....EXCEPT TO BE OPEN MONDAYS! Haha  I give them 5 stars because the food is always perfect, the service is wonderful and always on time, and you can't beat their prices.  I just wish they were open on Mondays!Mumbai knows what it's doing. It's going for wide appeal and succeeding. With vegan-friendly, buffet-style curry at $4.95/lb, you aren't going to hear any complaints from this guy. They avoid the potential pitfall of inadequate heating on the buffet line, and for an additional buck, you can add a side of naan. 
I have frequently pointed people in Mumbai's direction not only because of the food quality, but also because of the unbeatable prices. Not to be the eternal pessimist, but this is not the best Indian food in Philly. It's the best price, without question, and the service is always friendly; however, there are some other options worth considering if you want top-notch Tikka Masala and other Westernized curry dishes. 
Mumbai Bistro is definitely deserving of a 4-star review and while there may be nicer Indian restaurants in the city, few could compete with its accessibility. For those working in Center City, this is a staple.Probably more of a 3.5. They have great naan, and the samosas are pretty good, with good prices as well.
However, the buffet line isn't that great. The curries, particularly the chicken ones, are rather watery. The lentil ones are pretty tasty though, and the rice is fine. 
They have a minimum card order of $10, which is a bit of a bummer if you just want a light lunch. At least everyone's been pretty nice when I'm there. Overall though, I'd recommend it if you want something quick in the area (but wouldn't go out of my way to come here).Just ordered delivery from here for dinner tonight... got the chicken vindaloo and lamb bryani.
Thoughts: 
1) The delivery service was very quick
2) The food was good, right level of spice, and really cheap... One thing to note was that the food wasn't super hot so it warranted a quick nuke in the microwave but not a big deal
3) We also ordered garlic naan which they forgot in the delivery. I called and the guys were super apologetic and nice about it. They took it off the bill (which was all I expected/wanted). They took it a step further and called Grub Hub to let them know what happened and Grub Hub took care of the situation by giving us a $5 credit.
Overall, I was happy with the food and especially pleased with the customer service. Will definitely order from there again.After a long day, I got back to my weekend rental in Washington Park, exhausted, hungry and no clue what I wanted. I searched right here on Yelp for options nearby and topping the list was Mumbai Bistro. Indian food...yes!!!! When in doubt, Indian food is always the answer and with a 4-star average review, how could you go wrong? I can never seem to pick just a single item or two, so I ordered a trio, chicken vindaloo, channa masala and saag paneer with a side of rice. All of that for less than $20. I ordered online and my food arrived within 35 minutes. Side note: my delivery driver was cute. :-) The food was fantastic. The channa masala was definitely among the best I've ever had. I'm already thinking about the leftovers I'll polish off tonight.Interesting place - this is mainly a takeout place. If you eat in, you use plastic ware - plates, forks and cups.
They have a small buffet which is priced on weight and then you can order from the menu. I chose to do both. 
I ordered the veg curry, naan, and veg samosa. The food was good. From the buffet I had some basmati rice and aloo gobi - I'm a little disappointed in the buffet because the food was not hot, not even warm. That was a damper. 
It was very inexpensive and tasted authentic. I would have liked the buffet food to be served hot and fresh!!for $5/lb you get amazing, fresh indian food, to-go or sit-n-eat. they give you free water and hot sauce. 2x samosas for $2. and with your frequent flier card you get 10% off basically (every 10th LB free). i'm not a vegetarian but their veg dishes are so good, i almost never go with 'curry chicken,' just seems boring (if you are, bring your dates/sig other here). delivery is not as good a deal as the buffet but still fair, and same delicious food. agree w/other that service is top notch, very friendly and accommodating. my roomie is indian, we go here 2-3x/week, and he's picky.We had the food delivered (free delivery for a close radius) and was very impressed. Grubhub kept you apprised of the delivery time via email, and the food actually arrived early. Limited menu, but it is after all a small business. Saag Paneer and Chicken Korma were excellent, and you can't beat the price. I'm a fan...This place was good for what it is: cheap, ready to go Indian food. However still not the best and I prefer takeout from other places nearby.