We met another couple for dinner and they suggested Murph's based on a previous visit.  I'm always up for someplace new, but I was blown away with my dinner at this little unassuming bar in Fishtown.  A nice beer selection, I  had a Kona IPA and a Belgian from local St. Benjamin's, both were really good.  
We ordered the Zucchini Blossoms and received three of them stuffed with pillows of ricotta with a thin batter and lightly fried.  A product of the season, here today and gone next week, these were totally worth it.  Also ordered the caprese salad, it came with an extra dollop of mozzarella cheese, drizzled with balsamic and oil.  Along with a piece of crusty bread, this was excellent.  
As for entrees, my wife had the salmon wrapped in thin slices of zucchini and it really worked.  I had a pasta dish with an unpronounceable type of pasta that resembled small penne with a spicy sauce and pork cheeks, another hit.  This was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had and was cooked al dente.  
Murph's is a great neighborhood gem and a must visit when in the area.Three and a half stars. You had me at "hockey bar" but lost me at "Flyers." Totally bizarre for me to be drinking in enemy territory, but a good time was had... even on a non-Quizzo night. Attentive service for everyone while we chatted up our fellow barmates. Our bartender recommended the Washington Apple shots, which were not too sweet and an alright break from our beers. Extra kudos to her for trying to be my buddy's wingman after she misread the situation.
Bartender: "So what brings you into town?"
Me, turning to pat my friend on back: "It's my buddy's birthday this week."
Bartender: "Ohhhh." And unbeknownst to me, shoves her finger into her other hand's thumb/index ring in the international sign of getting it on.
Friend, shaking his head in response to her: "No, no."
Me, slightly annoyed and still looking at my friend: "Uh, yes... that's why I came up here!"
Bartender, winking: "Better let her have what she wants!"
Me: "Haha! Wait, what?"
Friend: "Oh god, I'll explain later..."
Yeah, I see myself being a regular here if I lived nearby, even with last decade's buttrock constantly cycling through the jukebox. Laid back and friendly atmosphere, and much less crowded than Johnny Brenda's.The pear and cheese pasta is the best pasta I've had in Philly, but maybe ever.  It's absolutely amazing.  Skip the Italian Market and just head here!Comfortable place to spend the night. Staff is nice and crowd was great as well. They make a mean captain & Coke & Juke box is always poppin good tunes ! Deff would recommend this bar if you just want to relax and have a nice night !Who would've thought that a divey Irish Pub would serve such great Italian pasta dishes!? My friends in Philly took me to this little covert spot of culinary perfection because they know I'm a big foodie. 
As I walked in the interior had me thinking that they just served beer and standard bar food, but never judge a book by it's cover. After looking over the menu, my friends and I ordered the Lobster Ravioli with Cream Sauce, the Veal Tortellacci with Walnuts and Truffle Oil over Capocollo, and the Pear and Cheese Fiocchi with Parmigigiano Cream and Honey to share for the table.  Everything was divine. So good I was sopping up each sauce with their delcious fresh baked bread. They also have a fabulous wine selection, and offer pairings for each of their dishes. 
I must say Murph's is one of Philadelphia's best kept secrets.This place kicks ass !!!!!!!!!!!! Drinks are at a great price you can get drunk and still go home with money. People are nice food is real good for a pub style you can smoke out back the place looks sick too. Really nice job with it.Cozy place, reasonable prices, decent crowd.  Outside area small but okay to stand around in (no tables, at least last time I was there).  Currently working on being redesigned (had a few beers and helped the owner paint some slabs - friendly staff!)Its the first place I ever got drunk (Fun Times) so I have to give it a 5 lol its a little small but on a Friday/Saturday who cares! Its fun nice people hot bar tenders ;) and a great place just to have fun alot of my best drunk story's start with "So I left murphs" lolPhenomenal.  Fantastic authentic Italian food in an Irish bar.  Had the stuffed eggplant, which was very good.  My wife had the best lobster ravioli I have ever tasted and my daughters gnocchi was too die for.  The dessert knocked it out of the park.  This place is a must!very chill atmosphere, good selection of micro brews, 2 dollar pbrs, great place to hang, live music.
Not much space however, tough to relax if its busyOn the surface this just seems like your typical bar but please take note that they have a legitimate chef serving up delicious Italian food.  Italian food in an Irish bar? You bet! All three of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  This place gets crowded on the weekends (it's a bar remember) and the dining room doesn't have much space wise but if you're around during a weeknight I would highly recommend giving it a go!Don't be fooled by this bar's Irish atmosphere. They make some MEAN pasta! Also: try the wings as an appetizer!It's pretty impossible to give this place a "great" review. They've got a good tap which includes economical and experiential options, and the place is covered in plasticized pennies, but the service is just . . . poor. Maybe it's the geometric layout that keeps the bartender from being able to see the entire cast of characters lined right up like their out of the police station . . . or maybe I just went to this place (both times) on a horrid day, but service was undeniably sloppy. We ordered fries (which I don't recommend getting, as the freezer is right there in the corner, the fries are something out of Cosco, and the "cooking machine" was this assembly-line oven robot that just freaked me out) and they sat there steaming hot . . . fading . . . fading . . . cold and then the bartender/waitress got her friend to put them in a tray and bring them to us, even though he hadn't been doing anything the entire time up to that point!
I remember doing shots of smuggled in whiskey in the back alley behind the place and enjoyed that. I also think it's cool that there's a great community for all the free live music (local, local, local) that's hosted there. I saw Power Animal and a couple other groups perform and was impressed. Mostly DIY, but the shit was tight.
The clientelle are nothing to go tell your mother about, but they're friendly and, depending on the night you go, beautiful (or hideous). There's a mixed crowd . . . Fishtown locals come together with hipster-types who can't get a leg in across the street at Johnny Brendas. The best part, I guess, is that you can go in for a quick PBR, then bust a move to a cooler, more appealing place down the block.My daughter is the best, she chose Murph's bar for our dinner location because of its easy walking distance to Weckerly's Ice Cream. She also thought the pictures of the food, the Yelp reviews and the atmosphere would be fun and interesting. That was enough to convince me. We were able to find street parking fairly close on Girard, basically across the street from Sketch Burger. 
Some review Murph's as a dive bar. Maybe things have changed a little since my time before marriage, but I would not classify Murph's as a dive bar. It is a little dark inside and had some Elvis kitsch and eclectic decorations, but it felt clean and warm.  The dive bars of my younger days were places I would only drink beer from bottles, avoided any eye contact with regulars, tried not to use the bathroom and would never order food. Murph's was none of that.
Being the Saturday before Valentines Day the small dining area in the back was crowded with over a one-hour wait for a table. This was around 6:00 PM. We grabbed a two-seat bar table by the door and took in the diverse but friendly patrons. After a short wait our server/bartender gave us menus and took our drink orders. Murph's has a very good selection of beers for a smaller bar and the pricing was pretty fair also.
As others before me have written, it is surprising that an Irish bar serves excellent Italian food, but Murph's really does. We started with the meatballs and they were flavorful with a great tasting homemade sauce and a Ricotta cheese scoop. I had the tortellini with roast beef and a spicy tomato sauce. That was also delicious and contained just enough heat. The dish was not overly heavy either. My daughter had the Murph's pasta in a beer, cheese and cream sauce with bacon. It is hard to go wrong with these ingredients but the dish had refined feel also. It was excellent.
Our service was great all night. We had some interesting banter about music and Rose bushes with some of the regulars.  Prices for food were reasonable also. One weird side note is Murphs accepts credit cards for drinks but cash only for food. They will gladly spit the bill with the card and cash but be prepared.
Murph's was a fun time with surprisingly good Italian food. 4.5 Yelp stars.Okay...so I think I had this place hyped up way too much in my mind.  Every human in Philly knows about the dive bar that serves v good Italian food and my thing is - I wasn't too impressed. I'd say average.
I love the neighborhood. Fishtown is so up and coming and the place to be, so I like that you can grab food here and then head to Frankford Hall or the barcade.  The food, however, wasn't anything spectacular and quite frankly, a little over priced.  We got 2 appetizers, $10 each and 3 entrees.  We each got a drink (3 total) and we spent $33 each (including tip).  That isn't outlandish for a Friday night dinner, but it's weird to pay that when you're having an Italian meal in an un-air conditioned dive bar.  
I'm also all about aesthetic, so that is definitely weighing into my review.  I would much rather go to a hip, trendy, cute spot to dine instead of here.  
It is also busy as hell with not a lot of seating and one waitress, so service was kind of a drag.  
I definitely won't be back, but I would say: give it a shot and see for yourself? According to Yelp lots of people love it here, maybe I'm just too bad and boujee (lol, half kidding).The best Italian food in the city can be found in this divey Irish bar. The chef, Francesco, was also our extremely friendly server/host. He explained to us every item on the menu and gave wonderful suggestions for wine and dessert! A lot of his ingredients, such as the pasta, are made in house, and I believe he also tries to source local ingredients as well. Best of all, the food came in huge servings and was fairly priced. You will not be disappointed!What a great small place. The pasta was great especially the tagliatelle was awesome with mushroom and cream sauce.What's the only thing that will have Philadelphians pour onto Broad Street from South Street to Temple, as well as the intersection at Frankford and Cottman in, perhaps drunken, unison?  I'm afraid it's not an election of our nation's president, at least not to the same magnitude.  No, I must say this can only happen if at least one of the major four have made it through.  There's no act or event in existence that can rival the passion Philly has for their sports teams.  Not even Bono on a parade float, rolling down Broad Street, and wanking off with a microphone can illicit the same response as a championship.  So then, Murph's serves as a sports oasis in the gentrified corridor of Frankford ave at Girard.
The beer list is smaller than its adversary across the street, but it is more reasonably priced and much more interesting.  Two trips yielded two incredible IPAs, Titan from Great Divide and Bengali Tiger from Sixpoint.  Murph's has $2 PBR on all the time, which strikes me as ass-backwards, judging from the clientele that visits either place.  Add that a no-frills bar menu, the right sort of menu for watching a man out-muscle another man.
You could pay to see someone, who maybe looks like Bono, wank off with a microphone and pretend to care.  I, on the other hand, would rather watch a man's face get smashed in, pay less to see it, and be among people who do actually care.I love Murph's. It is a nice, quiet place to get fresh and delicious Italian food. The specials are so hard to choose from because they all sounds amazing. I suggest going with a large group so that you can sample everyone's meal. Tonight I had a sweet potato gnocchi and wanted to strangle the incredibly sweet chef just because I could not stop eating. That did not stop me, however, from trying some gelato dusted in coco powder. The back patio is a great place to eat during good weather, especially with some decent beer on tap.I've heard about this place through the grapevine and it definitely did not disappoint. The bar is your typical small Fishtown Bar but the menu is what sets this place apart. I would give this place 5 stars had it not been cash only and limited seating. There is a rotating specials menu, last time I went I had the Pork Shank Spaghetti and it was delicious! The portion was very large and most people ended up taking a takeout box home with them. Although in a small Fishtown Bar the price was a little on the higher end, not super cheap but then again not Davio's type pricing either. They also ran out of meatballs that day. All in all this place is a hidden gem and I will 100% be going back to try the other dinner options.Awesome food! Their Sandwiches are amazing. From the veggie sandwich to the thanksgiving sandwich to their specials like the cubano. All amazing. Also great architecture done by a local named Pat. Friendly bartenders and staff. An all around great place to check out.Stopped by to get some appetizers before a show at the Fillmore.  Unfortunately there were a few appetizers that were taped over. When placing our order we found out they were also out of fries.  So the appetizer options were a bit disappointing but the waitress was friendly and helpful.This place is a hidden gem in all ways... from the decor, to the staff, to the drinks... and yessss and irish pub who serves some of the best Italian food I have had in the city. Not only is it tasty the portions are def on the Italian side and priced incredibly fair. A True Unicorn!!!!I couldn't believe this place! I went here instead of Johnny Brenda's across the street because it was so crowded. Murph's totally blew me away with its food. It's no ordinary barfood. The shrimp pizza was so delicious, the wings were great, and I had this poor man's purse thing that I'm craving right this second. And the prices were good too!Seriously my favorite go to bar. I feel perfect every time.
They got quizzo! FINALLY! It's the first Monday of every month now. I played the first one and we got 2nd place, which was a free case of beer from Philadelphia Brewing Company. Not too bad. The bartender won first place which happened to be a substantial amount of bar tab fare and she bought the whole bar drinks.
A comfortable place to be, indeed, Murph's!Small local bar, amazing food! When I was told we were going to an Irish bar for a Italian food I questioned it, but, fabulous old school and creative food. Don't be surprised when the chef comes to your table to see if you're happy. I had pumpkin ravioli with fig sauce. Amazing! I will absolutely come back again.Delicious who would have thought an Irish bar would have some of the best Italian food? I'm an our of towner and a local told me about this spot, glad I went. I got the spinach ravioli sooo good!If this place's food wasn't good enough, you should see the large Italian man in the back pumping out sauce by the pint. I'll gladly take his manicotti, Barb! 5/5Let me tell you. Murph's just became my new favorite Philly eatery. Hands down, the best ITALIAN food I've had since I moved here.
You heard that right. Italian food at a hole-in-the-wall Irish Pub. Don't be fooled, your taste buds will thank you. 
I came here with a group of girlfriends. We called ahead, and they advised us to get there early, around 5pm, for dinner. This is the downside of Murph's. It's small, and there's maybe one table in the whole place that can seat more than 4 people comfortably. 
Since our group had 7 people, our waitress informed us that we'd be served family style - double the portion, double the price - so everyone could have a taste. That didn't stop us from going hog. We ordered the Black Truffle Tagliolini, Cheese and Spinach Ravioli, Pear and Honey Fiocchi, and Stuffed Gnocchi, with Fried Buratta and Arancini for our starters. 
Oh. My. God. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. It was so, so, so out of this world. I can't even describe to you how delicious every single item tasted. The flavors and smells of the Black Truffle, the creamy sweet and savory combination of the pear and honey Fiocchi, the enormity of the Arancini balls and Fried Buratta. I mean, there was not a single thing we ordered that I would not order again. Let me tell you, too. Now that I know the amazing variety and flavor available, the family style is the WAY to go! It was the perfect amount of food for the 7 of us, and I loved being able to try a bunch of different items. We had only a little bit of food leftover; I was pretty impressed with how much we managed to eat. I would be hard pressed to pick the dish I liked best. 
Murph's is good for more than a drink and a laugh - The food is outrageous.I do love my Murph's. Nice cheap bevvies and great bartenders. There's also a very nice mix of people, and everyone there is friendly. I love my crazy places in Fishtown but this is honestly just a great place to hang out and grab a few beers. 
As I said, the bartenders are great. One night a friend and I decided to get a little nutty and each did about three [or four..ooor maybe five] shots with a couple beers thrown in and our tab came to about $32 bucks. Hell yes. Count me in, all the time. They've got a lovely little outdoor patio which is nice for warm weather. They also occasionally have bands [I've only seen two, one was pretty bad and the other was actually really good. Or maybe I was just really drunk...] 
I wouldn't say that this is the place you come to rage it hard..This is just your run of the mill great friendly low-key bar that can sometimes get a little crazy when you least expect it. 
Check it out!This was an awesome find. From out of town and had a craving for Italian. Was not disappointed. The cheesesteak arancini were delish. Great service, great food, and great timeI liked this place a lot, especially when i was living in the neighborhood. Nothing special, just a great bar.The food is beyond tasty. I am not a big Italian food person and all I can say is the food is absolutely delicious. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is great. It is a small place so either go early if you have little ones or order for take out.Irish Bar, Italian food? We had to try! We had the lobster ravioli and a couple of appetizers. The gravy was really good.  The service was excellent! Definitely will be going back.Murph's has turned over a new leaf. They remodeled the divey dining room, and added a cute little outdoor dining area with picnic tables in the back yard. 
Now let's talk about the food, because they rebooted the kitchen, too. They have a new Italian chef, Francesco. (He used to cook at Modo Mio.) Wonderful, fresh, Italian food, with pasta made from scratch. We split the calamari for an appetizer, and I had cavatelli with meatballs for the entree. Everything was SO good, including the cannoli. (And cheap -- dinner for two with drinks for $50!) I'm torn between sharing and keeping this new dinner option to myself, but I'm opting for good karma.nice little unique spot to grab a beer or two... Service was good and prices weren't badI was looking forward to coming here after hearing how great the Italian food was. Fortunately, it was an amazing experience. The best costumer service I've had in my life. The wait on a weekend nite, at a hot place was  as expected but the hostess was pleasant and kind. Turns out she was the owner, and easy on the eyes. The customers were all enjoying themselves a d happy to be there. Fellow customers complimented the look of my meal and people were comfortable joking and chit chatting with each other. There's so many great Italian places in the city, but this Irish bar is one of the best!.I would not think to come to a bar named Murphs for Italian food but let me tell you - it's as authentic as it comes. As an Italian who grew up eating grandmas homemade raviolis I can be very picky about my Italian food. I rarely eat it because it's disappointing more often than not. Murphs though... I can't say enough good things. We ordered a veal dish and the lobster ravioli. The veal was out of this world. The lobster ravioli was very good. The food was rich so we stopped there but I can't wait to go back and try more. Added bonus: the men in the bar screaming at the tv over a USA v Japan curling match. Great fun.I grew up about two blocks from Murph's.  In the mid-90's, we used to go there after school when I was in high school, and pay with change.  We would use our school ID's that did not even have a birthdate on them when asked to show ID.  It was an old man bar, that would have 6 people at the bar on Thanksgiving morning. But about 6 years ago, they totally cleaned the place up.  
It has now become a great comfortable place to hang out.  If I am going to see a band play at Johnny Brenda's, I will drink at Murph's until the band I want to see goes on and then head back over once the band ends.  And there have been a few occasions when I just stayed at Murph's and watched the Phillies game.   It has a nice blend of people- Fishtowners, middle-aged men, somebody you have not seen in 7 years, young kids and probably a few members of a softball team.  Everybody seems to get a long.  Watch out if a band is playing, some of them are pretty bad and quite loud.  
The beer prices are incredibly cheap if you know what to order.  Go with the Ballantine, it is than $2 a bottle, and even cheaper when the Phillies are playing.    They always have a great selection of locals on draught.
And if you get the food, it is your own fault.  C'mom, they have the giant deep fryer and toaster oven sitting right there.  What did you expect?  And they will usually let you bring in outside food if you ask nicely and are willing to share.Totally blown away by the menu. Food was great and the drink specials were stellar. And the bartender / waiter was terrific...will be back for happy hour.It doesn't even make sense how absolutely AMAZING the food is here. It is some of the BEST Italian food in Philly, by far. I always get the garganelli arrabiata and it is awesome. My husband loves the meatballs. Even the mini cannoli for dessert rule. Definitely check this place out when you are craving real Italian.Went to Murph's for my bachelor party,  nice little place and recently started some Italian food cooked by my cousin, who is from Italy,  and his food is really good.
Worth the trip.Murph's is cool cant really complain. Its low key never outragiously packed just the right amount for me. Definitely a good spot for a mid week drink with a few friends. Outside patio is usually my spot. Yeah just a nice average normal bar.Everything you'd ever want in one place: Fun bar, excellent Italian. I've been to plenty of Italian places in the city, and this is one of my favorites. The prices are great for the quality.stopped in here last wed. afternoon during my mid-week bar crawl in fishtown and really had a great time....this place is a upscale- semi-dive bar with charm.....the bar is made or I should say toped with hundreds of pennies and polyurathaned over....really cool....had a couple of cold  beers and chatted with young barmaid and owner....didn't eat here but they do have a nice menu....I was on a mission that day so when I get back into fishtown I will def. go back and have some lunchI read the mixed reviews on Yelp before going but figured I would give it a try anyway because Ive been looking for another bar in the neighborhood.  Its a cozy place - bar in the front, some seating in the back, and the staff is always great.  Decent beer selection and really good food both at great prices - love their pizza.  I definitely see myself there more often this year.  Also they have brunch - I havent tried it but if its anything like the other food on the menu, its bound to be good.Stop reading reviews and go eat at Murph's. 
Still here? Well, I guess I'll give you my two cents, then. I don't know how anyone can give this place anything but 5 stars. Murph's is one of a kind, and it does what it does perfectly. It's a relaxed neighborhood bar, staffed by neighborhood people, and an authentic Italian chef who creates some of the best Italian food on the planet. Trust me, I've eaten so much Italian food. It's a problem, actually.
You won't find a better meal, at a better price in the city. I have read a few of the negative reviews, and I just can't get with them. Customer service issues? Never in my million, bazillion visits to Murph's have I experienced bad service. They get super busy in there, sure. It can be loud sometimes, sure. It's a flippin' neighborhood bar, not the GD Ritz! If the soup Nazi was running this place, if I had to wash my own dishes after, if I had to catch my food mid-air with my mouth, I would still be eating at this Murph's! (A side note about people who have ONE bad experience and feel the need to write a negative review for a business - someone's life work, the result of their dream, blood, sweat, and tears - all because it wasn't what you expected. Seek help.)
Furthermore, about Murph's, get the pear and cheese fiocchi if it's still on the revolving menu. My boyfriend and I usually split it as an appetizer (it's an entree), and then get two other pasta dishes for our meal, so we can consume as many dishes as possible in one sitting. It's all made fresh, it's all perfectly balanced, portions are just right and the prices cannot be beat. So far, after every meal we have been treated to a delicious limoncello, homemade by the chef's wife. It's outstanding, and just a nice touch, adding to the, "You're home. You belong here," feeling of the place.
I'm going to leave it at that for now, because I'm getting way too hungry writing this. it's a good thing I have plans to have dinner at Murph's tomorrow night.The bar is covered with laquered pennies... as in COMPLETELY covered... and my orange vodka and sprite was $3.00. What took me so long to find this place?!Someone who hails from Philly told me to visit Beddia for great pizza when I headed up from a business trip to DC. But when my friend and I got there on a Friday afternoon, it still had three hours 'til it opened. We were scratching our heads about where to dine (she lives in a suburb and isn't familiar w the eateries there and I live in Calif), a nice local guy asked if we needed help. When we told him we were in the mood for Italian, he pointed us across the street and a little down to Murph's bar.
"Wha?" I thought (aloud, I think...)
"They've got a great Italian chef there. His name is Francesco. You'll love the food. If you go, tell him Kevin says hi."
So we walked over, still wondering how an Irish pub comes to have an Italian chef, and enter what by all appearances is indeed an Irish pub, with dark walls, and happy customers drinking brew and watching the ballgame. We asked if the bartender if they really have Italian food, and she confirmed this, so we went to the small back dining room, which looked like a better place to eat an Italian meal than bellying up to the bar. Within a couple of minutes, who should greet us with a beaming smile but Francesco himself. He was warm, gracious, and fun as we spoke with him about Kevin, our trip, and the menu, and I attempted to speak Italian. My friend got a special -- lobster ravioli with other shellfish and thingies I can't eat bc I'm allergic; he threw in some shrimp for good measure -- and I got chicken parmesan. 
We ordered wine and when the food came we were both blown away by how fantastic it was and mostly by the homemade pasta! Mine was delectable orrechiette ("little ears") and my friend's ravioli pasta was also homemade. She said her seafood was also delectable. Yum yum yum!! 
What a find this place is! A hidden gem. Next time I'm in Philly I'll be back. Hats off to Francesco, and a big thank-you to Kevin for helping make my reunion with my friend even that much more memorable. Grazie tutti!All the other reviews are true - I ate the best ever Italian food in an Irish dive bar and I loved it!!  There is an Italian chef creating the most delicious pasta dishes, desserts, and serving his own limoncello (which was the most amazing limoncello I've ever had).  Went here with my girlfriends for dinner and we all fell in love with this place.   The gnocchi, lobster ravioli, bolognese, burrata - all delicious.  The desserts were all spectacular.   The lemon mascarpone cheesecake was to die for, but so were all the other desserts.  Their drink special with creme de cassis was delicious.  The espresso was perfect.  The service was friendly and efficient.  I love love loved everything about this place - it's a hidden gem that is completely unpretentious in its ways.Never had it other than brunch but the brunch is AMAZING. My girlfriend and I were there one of the first times they had it and had amazing food and I thoroughly enjoyed the Beermosas (Blue Moon & OJ). Now that we live in the area, we may have to go some more.I cannot believe what I just ate. The interior doesn't suggest Italian restaurant but this is easily the best Italian food I've ever eaten. I had the Lobster Ravioli and my girlfriend had the Pear Gnocchi. Out of this world. We got lucky and sat at the bar but it can be a bit of a wait in this small place. Absolutely worth it. I can't recommend it enough. Lovely staff and the chef is an artist.
Come here, come often, come soon.I've never brought someone here who hasn't become a repeat customer. The food is extremely fresh because it's hand made, and what's not is imported straight from Italy. Francesco's talent for cooking is equivalent to his passion for feeding people and providing extremely high quality food at a price that will make you reevaluate this genre of food. A breath of fresh air in a food scene where you would pay close to triple the price for Italian food of this quality.Murph's is one of my favorite bars in Fishtown. Just know going into it, you are going to see people from all walks of life: the elderly, the totally hip, drunks, the folks who have lived in the neighborhood for decades... really- it's a smorgasbord of Philadelphians. That said, I love it.
The bartenders are awesome. I think I wind up getting at least one free drink everytime I go in. Drinks are relatively cheap and they always have a kickass selection of beer. The juke box has every song you can imagine on it (and you can use the phone app to choose songs). You can normally find a seat by the bar, but it does get crowded late night and during happy hour sometimes. If you're a smoker, they have a little patio out back you can hang out on.
I do try to avoid the place when they have a band playing, but that's just me. I don't like having to yell at the person next to me to have a conversation. Also, the women's room is kinda grody, but whatever. I've seen much, much worse.
As for something that surprised me: the food! The food is awesome. They have this pork sandwich on their menu that is so good. It comes with pork, provolone (I think), spinach, and roasted peppers. Holy crap, it's delicious. I ordered it on a (drunken) whim and I am so happy I did. The pizzas are meh, but I think that's kind of expected.
Anyway, go to Murph's and check it out for yourself.We stumbled on Murph's bar by accident. In town for a conference. We had the best night! The combination of Irish bar and THE MOST AMAZING Italian food was perfect. Francesco really looked after us, and we ate like kings. The highlight of my trip to Philly. Thank you.I never thought I would enjoy such great pasta at this bar..it was delicious. The place was extremely busy and there was only 1 waitress at the time, but she was very apologetic and  offered free dessert. Highly recommended.awesome little neighborhood bar.  FIshtown's premier local spot.  not all of the bells and whistles of the trendier places in the area which is fine by me.  a nice mix of regulars, hipsters, and regular folks.  the food is above average as well.  annoyingly large selection of beers but i guess that's a good thing.If I lived in Philly, Murph's would have a new regular. I like the idea of 'come as you are' with a dive bar feel that still has a sense of caring what the bar looks. In other words, it's not high class here, but it's not a total dump either. My first visit was a month or so ago since I originally went for drinks at Murph's, but I still remember enjoying my time here. I was with a large group and it was a great hideaway from the crowds. The music was fun, drinks were good and there wasn't the high maintenance attitude that you might find elsewhere on a weekend night.My husband and I have dinner at Murph's once a week. That's right - every single week. Italian food in an Irish dive bar. Yes, it's as bizarre as it sounds - but that atmosphere adds to the magic. It's the furthest thing from pretentious. The staff is welcoming and super friendly, the room is cozy, Chef Francesco is charming and of course the food is amazing. There's nowhere else we would rather come to wind down after a long hard work week. The cuisine is home style Italian. Everything is fresh and all ingredients used are high quality. The dishes are creative and flavorful without going over the top. I've eaten some of the best cheeses I've had in my life at Murph's. The portions are very generous and seriously- you can't beat the price. Is the food on the heavy side? Of course, it's Italian! If you don't like pasta and cheese, this may not be the right place for you....but in that case you probably shouldn't be in an Italian restaurant at all. And really, who doesn't like pasta and cheese anyway? If you're looking for a quirky but chill spot to have an amazing meal at a very reasonable price - I highly recommend you give Murph's a try.UPDATE: We went back last Wednesday and I think the food was even better than last time, if that's possible. We got two specials. Mine was a pear and parmigiana stuffed fiocchi in a honey glaze. Oh. My. God. It was to die for. Definitely sweet and tasted almost like a dessert, and I loved it. Ate every bite. He got the veal tortellacci with truffle oil and walnuts over cappcollo, which was also delicious. He nearly licked the plate. The portions are huge and you're definitely indulging, but it's totally worth every last calorie. We hung out with Francesco again. We learned he actually cooked at Monsu, Modo Mio's sister restaurant. He explained his love for making pasta and making it interesting enough that you can have only one item on the plate and not get bored with it. He doesn't want the place to get too popular and he wants to keep the prices reasonable. He loves to talk to his customers and watching you clean your plate. He also gave us complimentary homemade limoncello. The guy is awesome. The food is top notch. Can't wait to go back.Had the stuff gnocchi special... amazing! This place is great. We were told the chef just came back from Italy with the freshest ingredients. Love the atmosphere and the food. Don't tell anyone this place is good, I would hate to have to wait for a table.Discovered this place by chance and was blown away by Francessco's food. It's real deal Italian in an Irish pub.  Prices are very, very fair.  They were also extremely nice. Buon Gusto!Murph's pasta was really the highlight of the evening!  Nothing quite like it!  Definitely will be frequenting this spot on a regular basis.  One suggestion: make a reservation!Just a heads up to anyone who's lactose intolerant: anything that involves the word cream or a kind of cheese means there's milk in it. Ice cream? It's got milk in it. Parmesan sauce has Parmesan cheese in it which is made with milk. Chefs then add more milk to said cheese to make the sauce for your dish. 
Also, if you like your eggplant parm crunchy, please keep in mind that some Italian chefs don't bread the eggplant like American-Italian joints have conditioned you to believe. "But that's how it was at Olive Garden!" Then, you shoulda gone to Olive Garden, kid. 
If the above two items were obvious to you, my fellow Yelper, then please forgive the delay in my praise for Murph's.
Francesco not only makes amazing food but the few times I've gone, he has always come out and talked to his patrons to see if they were happy with their food. He's a lovely person and a stellar chef.
The fresh baked sesame seed crusted bread usually comes out with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and black pepper for you to make your own dipping oil. If they forget to bring it to you, just ask your server for it. They're people - we all forget things sometimes.
I have yet to order anything besides the Lobster Ravioli with Shrimp in what I call Bisque Sauce because if they served it in a bowl I could devour just that! It tastes SO much like lobster bisque, so bravo on your sauce game, Francesco! Also, I'm fairly certain the shrimp are grilled as they're perfectly plump and bursting with flavor every time I order it. The raviolis are made from scratch and the chunks of lobster inside are delicious. I just finished a plate and would love another one!
Service has always been pretty consistent there whether or not it's busy: servers are attentive and patient. Just remember that it's a local dive with an outta this world chef so you can't really complain about a lack of a beer selection while you have Bottle Bar East and Johnny Brenda's 600 feet away. Come for the food!
Thank you Francesco for gracing Philadelphia with your presence  stay awesome!!!One of the best Italian meals I've ever had, and the chef came out to my table to talk about food like we were old buds. Hands down a favorite of mine, can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.Can't speak more highly of chef Francesco and the affordable Italian grub he creates! Gnocchi is a must.I want to give this place 5 stars for both the quality of food and the concept.  An old Irish dive bar that serves bomb Italian food. I came here on Saturday night for dinner at around 7:45 and we were able to get a table in the bar area right away.  It's a really small place and very much a dive bar - dark and a little dingy (but has character), and cash only. No website or posted menu online. The bartender came right up to greet us and he was super friendly and helpful.  He gave us a lot of recommendations which all turned out to be phenomenal.  
For the appetizer, he recommended we try the fried burrata, but unfortunately, when he went to put in the order they were out.  I was very disappointed so I definitely have to come back to try it!  Instead, we got the fried mozzarella.  Also very delicious.  The cheese was incredibly fresh.  For my entree, I tried the veal tortellacci with walnuts and truffle oil over capocollo.  Wow wow wow.  This was awesome.  My only complaint was that I wanted more!  It was so creamy and delicious.  I've never tasted anything like it and I'm glad I took the risk.  For the dessert, we got the two mini cannolis.  These were also delicious - very sweet and rich.  
The the quality of food and price ($5 beer, $14 main entree, etc) you really can't go wrong here.  If you're looking for a casual night out with high quality food, I highly recommend.  Can't get much better.  Can't wait to come back!!Amazing Italian food. Good selection of bottles and cans. Pretty laid back. Staff is friendly and helpful. Screens in here if you want to watch a game, not everywhere if you don't.Great food. Ambiance doesn't match the food, but that will only matter to some people.Small little Irish pub on girard in fishtown. We had Murphs pasta and the carbonara. Both were soooo good. Definitely go if you love good pasta.This reminds me of the "dive bars" in California. People refer to them as dives, but they're not. This is like that. Anywhere I pay $5 for a beer is not a dive. Also, it's actually pretty decent inside. I really like the pennies on the bar top. It's a unique touch.
On the night that we went, there was a band playing (they were just ok) but kudos to the bar for having live music. Also, I know this place is in Fishtown, but as the night went on it definitely became somewhat of a hispster overload.
I didn't eat anything here, but Hubby got a brisket sandwich. I tried a bite and it was just ok. Not terrible, but certainly not memorable either.
That pretty much sums up Murph's. Not terrible, but not memorable. I will say that the service was good and I never felt ignored by a bartender, so that alone might make me try Murph's again.Absolutely one of the best restaurants in philly, must go.  This is a true gem in Fishtown, awesome service, UNREAL food, great and very thoughtful menu with well-rounded selections for all palates.  Cannot recommend enough.  My new go-to date spot.  LOVE.There's no getting around it, this is the best Italian food I've had in the city.   There are so many standouts on the menu and I've honestly never ordered something I didn't enjoy.  
The meat and cheese plate app is a generous portion of burrata and a somewhat rotating assortment of whatever fresh Italian meats are on hand that day.   It's not to be missed.
I'm currently making my way through the dinner specials, but my favorites right now are the papardelli bolognese, the black truffle Parmesan cream tagliatelle , the gnocchi carbonara, and the lobster ravioli with shrimp.    All made from scratch every day.  All priced at about 16 bucks or below per entree.   This place is a not so hidden-hidden gem.
The wait staff is awesome.  Francesco the chef is an absolute artist and you'll often find him taking a quick lap around the bar and dining area to ensure his guests are enjoying their meals.
Remember, you have to pick 2 out of 3 on the wheel of "Good food, quick food, cheap food"  well this place you're going to get it good and cheap.  But you might wait a bit longer than normal spots simply because it's just Francesco down there, and he's working as quickly as he can.  Give him time and enjoy their totally acceptable draft list.    
Seriously, just go to this place.I've had dinner here a few times. Legit Irish bar with legit Italian food made by a legit Italian dude. Great little place.Really cool. Cheap drafts and such a comfy atmosphere. The clam/bacon pizza is something really special here. You kinda feel like this is home away from home. The crowd is diverse, and there's plenty of TV's. The jukebox is always turned up loud, which is awesome. Kevin is a really nice bartender.The service was okay but the LOBSTER RAVIOLI IS TO DIE FOR!!!  We also ordered the fried mozzarella as an appetizer which was also delicious.Murphs is that rarest of beasts in Fishtown.  A middle-of-the-road joint.  They have a halfway decent menu; the sandwiches and wings are good, but skip the fries.  Their beer list is good, although they sometimes run out of some of the bottles (more on this later).  It's a great place to watch the Phils, Flyers, etc.  Lots of screaming and high-fives after a goal/TD/run.  The jukebox simply sucks, and people like to avail themselves of it at an unfortunate rate.  The decor and the painting on the ceiling is interesting, too.
Service, I've found, is friendly, but mediocre.  The 'tenders like to chat up their regulars, and even the new people, but sometimes the chatting leads to forgetting to fill the empty glasses.  I suppose it happens and I've been plenty of places where I've waited just as long only to have a jerk come over to fill my pint, so I guess it is above average.  Sometimes the staff does lack some beer knowledge, or really even a knowledge of their own stock.  I had to direct the bartender to the bottle I wanted by describing the label on two occasions.  I do have to say that they're extremely welcoming there, and that includes both the customers and the staff.
Cleaner than Les & Doreen's and cheaper and more real than Johnny Brenda's; It's a great place to kick back and have a few beers and wings and maybe watch a game.My friends and I have been going to Murph's for years as a bar.  They have great atmosphere and it's pretty low key.  Recently they got a new chef and the food is amazing.  I am in awe the quality of food we got and the prices were more than reasonable.  The chef cares so much about each plate and wants each customer to be happy.  I would recommend Murphs for a great meal for a great price and personalized service!Great spot for cheap drinks and local bands!  Check it out Philly!Seriously probably one of my favorite spots in the area. Northern Liberties / Fishtown, right on Girard ... cool and comfortable bar, it's a bar. But, with crazy good little Italian dishes! That are delicious! I am Italian and this food was awesome. Great to go grab a casual drinks and good eats!