The food is actually not bad.  The beef cube are normally tasty except sometimes they get lazy with the cutting and its not a cube anymore.  The BBQ quails might be the worst quails I have ever ate.  The reason for the one star is because there are actual mouse running around the place.  We would have took a picture of it but it ran under the table the first time and the 2nd time we saw it, it ran up the windows and never seen again.Great for pick-up, although I don't think they do delivery.
We wanted cheap but quality Pho and found it at Nam Phuong.  Pick up was easy - plenty of street parking nearby and they had everything ready within 15 minutes.
For takeout, they put all the ingredients for the pho into separate bags/containers.  Great idea so that your sprouts and noodles don't get soggy, and you still have a lime wedge on the side.  We had various meat (beef, etc) phos and they were VERY good!  Nam Phuong makes a great broth to start, and the rest is excellent quality.  Can't wait to go back for more.  (Although, I'll skip the spring/summer rolls next time and just go for the pho, which in and of itself is a big portion and very filling).Nam Phuong has barely ever let me down. 
its food and service are always consistent.
I suggest:
Vietnamese spring rolls.
Ca Kho Tho (Fish in Clay Pot)
Bo Luc Lac (Beef with Watercress)
Sweet and Sour Soup
Soda Chanh
Those are my usuals.
If i ever have a hard time thinking of a place to eat on Washington avenue i can always rely on Nam Phuong!I had a hard time finding a good Vietnamese restaurant in philly. Compared to other places I've been to, this would rank in the middle of the pack or the lower bottom. Big menu selection and food was decent.Good food, quickly served and hot out of the kitchen.  Service is attentive and mostly impersonal.  Reception is awkward (non-existent) perhaps because there are 2 entrances and the staff must see you seeking a table.  We chose a table and got a brusque "wait over there" as we waited for it to be cleared.  Spacious, casual, clean setting.  Light background music was more appropriate for a dance exercise studio. 
The "wen yu" fish in clay pot was excellent, with a savory sauce similar to that used with sushi broiled eel. Only 4 pieces but high quality.  The charcoal grilled pork and shrimp with broken rice was tasty and good. Vegetable lo mein was tasty, vegetables slightly too oily.
Parking can be a challenge, though you might get lucky to park in the strip mall's lot.Two of my favorite dishes in the city are here. Raw beef salad and the beef wrapped in grape leaves. Lots of places do them, but few like this. Plus it's fast, cheap and good for groups. Come here!There's a reason why I am overweight... I live near such great places like Nam Phuong. I was introduced by my vegan and vegetarian friends Kathy and Chris, so there is something for all of us :)
I found this crazy value to be full of flavor, well-priced, fresh and with lots of choices. May I recommend the chicken sauteed with lemongrass, curry & coconut sauce. MMMM good!
Vietnamese Chow the way I like it: simple, spicy and savory....pho REAL!Very good Pho in town. If u order extra noodle they give you this huge clear glass bowl which i thought its funny looking.. food is awesome. Must try.Excellent Vietnamese food with an amazing number of choices. It is a great restaurant!   Parking is very easy too.This is a family favorite of ours, good, filling, Vietnamese food that won't break the budget.Nam Phuong serves decent pho and a decent iced coffee, but other than that, there's nothing significant that separates them from the other restaurants in the area.  Maybe the tablecloths on the table, the gigantic portions, and the passable service?  Hmm.My brother and I were in search for a refreshing raw beef salad on a hot summer day and we found it here.  The service improved since the last time I was here. The restaurant lighting was brighter and all the tables were covered in white linens. The restaurant definitely looked a like cleaner. I can't judge the rest of the menu since I only had the salad but I must say the raw beef salad was delicious.The wife was craving bun mam (fermented fish noodle soup). Plus it was raining good day for noodle soup. This is the only place we come to get her craving fixed. As usual the service not a five but a three. We got jicama rolls not bad but I had better. She got her bun mam and I got pho. Now they come with different side of veggies. Pho gets the bean sprouts and bun mam get purple cabbage. They only gave us bean sprouts. All Vietnamese know that. So we ask the server for it and he gave us a funny look. The when everything came out. I like that it came out fast. She ask for shrimp paste sauce they gave her the wrong one. So we ask for it again. Server gave us the annoying look again. Typical. On top of that her soup tasted different every time we come. Bad. It tastes Bland I meant really bland. I ate it before and I know how it suppose to taste. Certain items is ok here be their really inconsistent with others. Pho is typical. Pho 20 in Chinatown is better. But all and all this place is like average for me.I'm always here yet I never review. I'm so terrible.
I love Nam Phuong! There are so many food items that I could write about but I guess I'll just start with my most recent meal. 
- Bo Luc Lac: Yummy! One of those dishes that I order almost every single time I'm there.
-Ground Shrimp - Sugarcane w/ Rice Paper: A great starter! It's just so so tasty. 
-Pho Tai: It was decent, but not something I would think to order here. My friend wanted it so I decided to give it a try.
Come here if you want cheap authentic Viet food. Until next time...The shrimp with lotus salad is the best version I had. I usually order the beef cubes  with watercress and the sweet and sour soup. This is one of the best places in Philly to get Vietnamese cuisine at a very affordable price in south philly.Favorite vietnamese restaurant! I love Bo luc lac. The beef is so soft and tasty. Love the watercress and the sauce on the side (lemon, pepper and salt) It's not expensive, the restaurant is good to bring friends and family.Several people have said that this is the spot on Washington Ave for a great Vietnamese meal. So instead of going with my usual trusted places, I decided to give them a try... 
First off, it's a huge place. Plenty of tables spaced out where youre not back to back or rubbing elbows  with other diners.. 
Service was prompt, but not pushy. Table cloths that were changed after every meal (not the norm, and greatly appreciated). 
A huge menu full of any meal you could think of, and a bar menu for drinks. 
I chose a vermicelli bowl with a combination of different meats and shrimp, and an order of summer rolls. The meal came out pretty quick,  and while it wasn't mind blowing as some have described, it was a decent meal. 
I'd definitely go back for meals in the future...I've eaten here more times than I care to admit to.  Consistently good food at a great price.Great place nearby for Pho or other authentic Vietnamese cuisine. Out of the other restaurants around this place that serve Pho and this place has the best.Read the reviews and got the Ba Vi to share among 3 people. We also ordered a bowl of Pho. The Ba Vi was definitely the highlight. It was huge and could have easily fed all three of us. I enjoyed the meatballs and sugarcane shrimp the most. The grapevine meat was mediocre. In the menu, they also have individual vermicelli dishes. If I just order for myself next time, I may order just one of those.
Will definitely be back for more!Very good food here, the price is pretty decent as well.  I mainly come here for the Bo Luc Lac which is excellent ( it's hard to find a good restaurant that actually makes it with watercress).   I was very hard-pressed to find a good restaurant that has this dish on a recent trip to NYC, so I was very delighted when I came back to Philly to have this.
The other dishes such as the pho is really good as well.Our favorite, go-to Vietnamese place in Philly. We've brought many of our out-of-town friends here. Can't go wrong with their broken rice, pho or summer rolls, or beef salad. And they have Thai bubble tea! Large portions, reasonable prices, big, clean dining room.. and you can usually find a spot in their cramped parking lot which adjoins a supermarket.I'm not blown away by Nam Phuong, but maybe I'm not ordering the right things.  I have so far had one of the noodle dishes with seafood and pho tai.  I was really disappointed with the noodle dish because it contained huge nasty chunks of imitation crab instead of the real thing (unacceptable), and the squid included was incredibly tough and rubbery.  The pho was middle of the road, not the best I've had but not bad.  The broth didn't have as much depth, there was not much meat, and the meat provided didn't taste as fresh as some other places in the area.  On the other hand, the restaurant was busy both times I went, so they must be serving SOMETHING delicious.  Someone tell me what it is!  And I can't say I minded my dinner costing only $6.43 tonight.
Overall impression - a place with a too-large menu, causing quality to suffer in some cases, and a place that tries to cut corners for the sake of cost.  I know times is hard, but...imitation crab?  I don't know if I can forgive that.We came here for dinner over the weekend and it was crowded but we were able to get a table. So we ordered the caramelize fish, Chinese water spinach, country beef cubes and grilled pork spring rolls. Wish that the portion of the fish dish was bigger.This place rules. Usually busy but quick. For being enormous, full of weird decor and chandeliers it still has laid back vibe. I only eat vegetarian pho so it is badass that I can get it on Washington Ave, with vegetarian broth, for $7, and they also serve booze. Usually, I get take out but I like to sit down occasionally for a cheap filling meal and a cocktail. They have a huge menu, so I'm sure there's something for everyone but if you're looking for a good place to get cheap pho in an environment that's a little more classy than the other joints in the area this is the spot.The interior is familiar and cozy, with funny wall art, and everyone is so darn NICE.  Just like at my parents' house!
Everything here is tasty and authentic.  One of the few places in the city to get the trio appetizer platter (grilled beef wrapped in grape leaves, shrimp on sugarcane sticks, and vietnamese meatballs) to wrap in DIY rice papers & veggies or various types of congee.  The thit kho or ca kho (pork or fish in a claypot) is bangin, as is any of the crispy noodle dishes.  Lots of vegetarian options too!
Don't come here for pho, it's better at Viet Huong or Pho Hoa.
Bonus: they serve booze on the cheap!Food is really good, I went here and ordered 3 orders of shrimp and chicken summer rolls, two orders of spring rolls, a vermicelli bowl with pork and  a Sapporo, I couldn't believe I finished it all! That's how good they food was, if you get there close to closing they service may not be that good but during the day they are greatThe food is always really good.  And CHEAP.  
But the service is dodgy, even with a cultural adjustment allowing for "authentic" Vietnamese service that assumes diners want to enjoy a leisurely experience.  We play a game called Guess How Long It Will Take To Get a Diet Coke.  (Answer: anywhere from 30 seconds to never)Food was on the bland side, my family and I had the fried shrimp, scallop, and squid. Shrimp was prepared a bit different with the shell still intact. Scallop were small and flavorless. Next up was the Chicken Pho and that was on point. The combination broken rice rice was okay at best. The waiter wasn't knowledgeable and kept telling us we'd be charged extra for something we didn't want. Overall I won't be back when I visit the city of brotherly love.Ok, I am sorry to rain on everyone's parade, but I am just not that impressed with this place or Pho in general. I have had it in the past and didn't really care for it, but I decided to go back to Nam Phuong last weekend. The summer roll was great, and I loved the peanut sauce. But my mission was to love Pho, and I just couldn't. I thought the flank steak would be a safe bet. It came out looking like tripe, in huge sheets. It was pale, gray and rubbery. Meh. The broth was okay, but the star anise is so prevalent, that I found it sort of off-putting. I know ALOT of people who love Pho, and Nam Phuong, but I have to say, give me the hand-drawn noodle house ANY time over Pho. I am quite an adventurous eater, but I am not going to be impressed with food simply because it is cheap and served in large portions.Very authentic Vietnamese restaurant in Philly. Don't go in ordering pho - order more of the authentic dishes - you won't be disappointed. One I would really recommend is the Three Delight. It comes with the rice paper and water for you to make your own rolls. Not to mention the selection of items that you can choose from - fresh leaves and yummy meats. It's fun and good to order with a family.Nam Phuong is reluctantly my go-to place for Vietnamese cuisine in Philly because the food is consistent and there is plenty of seating for large groups. Contrary to what other Yelpers report, I do not find any of the dishes to be extraordinary. 
Their banh cuon (rice roll with minced meat filling) is bland but I'll admit authentic. Growing up next to a Vietnamese supermarket, I had banh cuon for lunch every weekend until a better Chinese supermarket opened up just down the street (What disloyal customers my parents were...). Then my weekend lunches became about dim sum and rice dumplings, but let me stop digressing. What I want to say is that their banh cuon hits the spot. The best way to eat banh cuon is to pick up a roll with a slice of ham, dip in fish sauce, and eat whole. So yums.
Other than the banh cuon, the only other dish that I really like is their refreshing lotus root salad. Everything else that I typically order is just to fill the table for family style. I have tried the pho, vermicelli bowls, broken rice plates, infamous claypot fish, etc...and nothing really stands out. I am still searching for a better family-style Vietnamese restaurant in Philly.Needed a place for a quick bite that served traditional Vietnamese food to cater to my guest's request.
We picked this place and ordered the set lunch consisting of Caramelized fish, veggies and sweet and sour soup with a side of grilled steak.
The fish they used wasn't conventional. Although you can practically use any time of fish, catfish is the primary choice but what they used did't go so well with the recipe. The overall food was ok at it's best but we were hungry.Fast service even though it was packed! Had the summer rolls and pho tai. Complimentary tea was delicious, served right as we were seated.Get the ban vi for two, and the jackfruit smoothies!
--------
That about sums it up for this place. This platter (easily feeds two people, and then some) is THE THING TO GET here. Forget about the pho, forget about the beef with lemongrass... GET THIS!
Tonight, we got a special appetizer called Ban Go, which was pretty awesome as well (a mix of Chinese wide rice noodle, filled with savory ground beef, topped with sliced Vietnamese sausage roll and dried onion flakes; this comes with a crispy cake of fried dough topped with a prawn).
Regarding the supposed "Yelp special":  Ban vi is regularly priced $23.95, so... Where is the so-called discount? (it doesn't help that the managers seemingly know nothing about this special)Love Nam Phuong for their family meal. Great authentic Vietnamese food with reasonable price. It's a little disorganized but overall they are great!Good food. Good prices. Always busy. A fun place to eat at. Great pho and French coffee!Near 'the Italian Market' (9th & Washington St.).   Wanted to try Vietnamese food again and had heart good things about this place.   2-hr non metered street parking around this area.
Had lunch there today.  Comfortable decor and tables full of local Asians and others.  The menu has something for everyone....lotsa choices!   The spring rolls were the best.  The wonton soup (VERY tasty!) had 4 large shrimp in it (surprise) and was sharable.
Service is QUICK!  You might want to order the 1st courses, eat part of it and then order the rest to keep from getting all your food around the same time.
The portions are large and definitely sharable.  We enjoyed the new flavors, prompt service and will go back with friends that love Vietnamese food!I was recently asked (by a semi - stranger, no less) what my favorite go - to restaurant was in Philadelphia. Now, clearly  there are a ton of options - but I find myself always coming back to one place: Nam Phuong. 
It  is probably the most consistently delicious and has the most attentive waitstaff and I will default to them every time. Especially on Sundays after a long weekend of filling my body with them alcohol toxins. 
​So you walk in. And I'm telling you right now, it's most likely crowded. I have been to this place MANY TIMES at RANDOM TIMES during the day - it is ALWAYS popping. However, this place can turn tables faster than you can imagine - it's quite incredible. I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for a table. 
You get seated and presented with an insanely long menu. Pro Tip: Order by the numbers because you most likely won't be able to pronounce anything. Pro Tip #2 I usually order by looking around to see what everybody else is eating and then ask about it when the waiter comes. They are excellent at explaining what different dishes are, I'm sure they do it all the time. But bottom line - everything here is good & try it all!  If you want a fabulous meal, I'd recommend: 121, 164, 170 and a rainbow ice. Trust me ;) 
Oh, and you will have about 5 or 6 different waiters by the time you end your meal. There are so many and you just flag one of them down when you need something. They move fast though! 
The Food. So excellent.  Every time. I eat it so much it's to the point where my body craves it - I can imagine this is what being addicted to drugs is like. Try everything! 
The Service. Ever since the New Year - the service has been impeccable. Maybe it's their new year's resolution. But they move fast and get you whatever you need fast. They practically run around and attend to every table - and like mentioned before, you'll have 5 or 6 different people helping you out. Your food comes out very quickly as well - you could be in and out in under 30 minutes if you wanted to be.
The Atmosphere. Casual and large. Brightly lit with. lovely themed decor. They have room for your large parties of 10 + as well as your more intimate parties. P.S there's a bar.
The Recommendation. Your casual Sunday night dinner where you can roll up in yoga pants and hoodie and eat and eat and eat until you can't anymore. There is no judgement here. Bring your most comfortable pants and some good company. Enjoy.Sub-par everything.  There's much better Vietnamese food in south philly.  As a matter of fact, there's much better Vietnamese food in the same strip mall.   
Floors are dirty too.This place is a hit or miss for me. Luckily the last time it was a hit or close to. My party and I finished our dishes so that speaks for itself. The service per usual was mediocre but I am use to it by now since moving to the area. I'm still looking for my go to Vietnamese restaurant when I don't want to cook at home. This is still one of the better ones I've been to but it's a bit of a hike for me.Delicious pho at an affordable price (8.50). The dish had five different kinds of meat in there, and the broth was ideal. I'm docking them a bit because their bathroom wasn't fully working. But I would love to go have their pho again.Stop here once each year for lunch while dropping my daughter off to Rock School for Dance just up the street - the menu is huge, plenty of tofu dishes, had chicken with ginger and onions - great, tofu in Lemongrass sauce - great.  Lot's of asians - very few occidentals - makes me feel like I've stumbled into a real locals' place - wait staff is generally fast and responsive - prices are cheap!
Next time - ooh, do I try another Vietnamese restaurant in the neighborhood or come back to Nam Phuong?  Decisions. Decisions.Great pho at great price. A family favorite for years.  Courteous, fast service, takes credit cards, easy parking. Really, what's not to like?Horrible food. These reviewers must be from out of town. And for the food critics, well I guess they were paid off. I had spare ribs with rice, and it seemed the ribs were sitting for many days before they were served to me. My friends did not finish the pho and house chicken. As noted by my friend, no one inquired why we didnt finish our food.My first time here was during my second year in college and I fell in love!
The food is authentic Vietnamese; from their bun bo hue, pho ga, bun rieu, to their rice dishes, everything is delish and divine! If you go during the spring season, they have sugar cane drinks (something you will not find at other Vietnamese places), and that alone is worth the trip.
I also adore their appetizer! I don't know what else I can say, great food, I mean it's good enough for people to have their weddings there. Don't order their Pho, it's not that great...it's blah  actually.
Service wise, it is good but during Saturdays and Sundays, you might have to wait for about twenty minutes. Warning though, parking is a pain in the *beep* during the weekends. If you're want a place with ambiance, this isn't the place. It's typical Vietnamese setting, nothing fancy. You come, you eat, you pay and leave. That's all folks.
So if you're in south Philly and want Vietnamese, come here, don't go next door, food can't compare!Great authentic spot for some great Vietnamese dishes.
I ordered my favorites 
102: Summer Rolls w/ Shrimp and Pork/Chicken (2)
163: Pho w/ Slices of Eye-Round Steak and Beef Balls
I might pass on the beef balls next time but all in all my meal was just what I was looking for. Nam Phuong isn't trying to be anything its not.  It's authentic Vietnamese dishes with no frills. 
This is perfect cold weather food, warm you up and cure you when you're sick food... and cheap cheap good eats.Very good food at a decent price with great service in a friendly environment -- always packed but never much of a wait. Good spot to bring a baby. Quick and with just enough noise to make a few cries no big deal. An old standby.I had the egg rolls, spring rolls, grapes leafs, lotus root salad, broken rice with pork chop, mango smoothie. Yes, I eat it all and food and service was great.Big, lively restaurant serving authentic, yummy grub. Only been here once but everything I tried was really good. The food came out in a timely manner and service was on point.Have only eaten here once,  so possibly a fluke,  but food ranging from mediocre to very poor,  joined by decent service and dismal atmosphere,  made for a forgettable dining experience. There are too many outstanding Vietnamese locations nearby to come here.A year ago I would have said this is the best Vietnamese food ever, that no other restaurant even came close.  I went 2 nights ago for dinner and it's just different.  I guess they did some renovations to make it a little nicer, but they've given up on the food. I ordered the family dinner for 4 and everything tasted similar... but just not the same.  It's like they are using the same recipes but a different chef? The lotus salad was really wet and the shrimp crackers over-fried.  The clams were a tad bigger but really difficult to remove the meat from the shell and less flavorful.  Fish in the claypot was kinda similar, except blander in taste and no sauce, just a lot of oil (I used to like to scoop the sauce and eat it with my rice). Shaken beef was pretty much the same (very good).  Sweet & Sour Fish soup was similar but wayyyy too much mint garnish on top.  Che ba mau (3 colored bean and coconut milk dessert) was just horrible (for some reason mine looked different than another diner's... his looked like they used coconut milk and mine looked and tasted like they used half & half). Sad to see this place go downhill like this... I used to recommend this place to all of my friends but Mekong and Le Viet are definitely way better and way nicer at similar prices.My favorite Vietnamese spot in Philly.  They have a huge selection of food and restaurant is pretty large to accommodate big parties except for the terrible parking lot where it's always hard to find a spot.  Once you get in, I recommend the vermicelli bowls with pork, the bo luc lac, pho  or any of the chef specials.  Prices are reasonable too so I always eat well and leave happy.This place serves up a mean house special vermicelli (grilled beef, shrimp, spring roll, meatballs, chicken). The spring rolls are big, greasy and delicious. We get the BBQ pork rolls every time. Hot tea is free. Oh, don't forget to look for the specials board- it's always something I see after I order the same ol' thing...
They're quick to take your order but not so quick to bring you your check, despite there being 10 people working the floor! 
Special Note: Parking on 11th Street or the plaza is free.I had heard such good things!  I walked in and, unfortunately, the place smelled like body odor.  Badly.  Service was ok.  Food left much to be desired.  The tea tasted like warm Philly tapwater.  I ordered vegetarian springrolls as an appetizer.  They tasted very ricey, not very veggie filled.    I also ordered the chicken with lemongrass, curry and coconut.  I tasted no lemongrass, no coconut - lots of heat!  My friend who was with me ordered the same, but with shrimp (a dish she'd ordered from Nam Phuong many times before) and had to send it back because it too was too spicy.
Upside, they are open later than most Viet places on Washington Ave and they do serve beer.  I won't be returning though.Our family enjoys going and will continue despite flaws.
Great service, but blah atmosphere.
Mostly dependable food with yummy summer rolls, crab asparagus soup, and the Pho is good, but inconsistent on quality of cooking (uncleaned shrimp, incorrect orders and such).  
I recommend avoiding their versions of Chinese food.I really like the tofu lemon grass & the eggplant dish here... Would definitely like to come back, to try out some more dishes... yummy!Was there a change in owner or chef because our usuals were definitely​ different from the many times we came. It's not extremely​ bad of a change but instead disappointing. 
When the Ba Vi ("three delight" on the menu) came out with the usual meats, it was the same quantity​ but in smaller portions. Fortunately,​ our favorite dish still tasted delicious​. 
The bo luc lac "shaken beef" came out covered in a sweet sauce. The lime sauce served is supposed​ to cut the greasiness and add depth to the beef flavor. But instead, all you taste is the sweet thick sauce. It also didn't help that the restaurant​ cheated by adding more watercress and less meat. 
The service was amazing as usual but it was nostalgically sad​ to see these changes. I hope it stays one of those places that are​ popular with tourists and the local Vietnamese community.You want Pho? Well, this is the place to come. Probably one of the most popular Viet food experience in Philly that is authentic and affordable. During the cold  months, I find myself dining here multiple times per week. They are fast, delicious and reliable quality when it comes to Pho. Other dishes are just as wonderful so if you're not feeling soupy today, explore the menu. It can get a little crowded but the wait is worth it. One advice, order using the number because there's a small chance that they'll come out with a totally different dish than what you wanted.Delicious. Great to eat in or carry out.  Serves alcohol.I love to eat rice, if rice was good when others dishes was terrible, i'm still happy. However, their white rice was terrible. Dried like old rice that was cooked the day before. 
We ordered 2 people meal: spring rolls were good, the rest was average. And They forgot to bring us desserts. 
Average Vietnamese food. I don't know why they got a lot compliments, even from Vietnamese. Maybe I should try different dishes. Or Maybe I used to have good Viet food back when I lived in Southern California that nothing could not compare. am still looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant in town. Any suggestion, everyone?When considering a restaurant to have authentic Vietnamese food,  Nam Phuong is my go to.  I've been coming here for years and the food is always fresh and delicious.  Below is a handful of dishes I've tried and loved.  
The Papaya salad with beef jerky is hands down THE BEST in the city.  The beef jerky is tender and not rock hard like most.  The shredded papaya has a nice crunch, so you know it's fresh.  Plus, the sauce/dressing on the side ties it all together for a wonderful umami flavor.  I'm drooling right now just thinking about it. The claypot fish is flavorful and melts in your mouth like butter.  The Bo Luc Lac (Country Style Beef Cubes) are also a must try.  Tender pieces of beef with watercress with a lemon, salt and pepper dipping sauce.  Their Banh Canh Cua (Needle Noodle Soup with Crabmeat) is a great meal to curb your hunger.  Chewy noodles with a thick broth made with crabmeat...yum.  Favortie soup hands down is the Sweet and Sour Fish soup.  Tender and huge pieces of fish with pineapple, celery, bean sprouts, tomato and an asian vegetable I don't know the name of, but tastes great in the soup as well.  The pineapple adds a wonderful sweet note to the sourness of the soup.  As always, you cannot go wrong with their Pho, summer rolls and spring rolls.
They've also added a wide selection of new drinks to the menu.  I'm all for trying new things so I'll definitely be sampling their different varieties.  So far I've tried the black tea with lychee jelly and it was sweet and very refreshing.  
Service is quick and attentive. Food is impeccable and never disappoints.Great dinner tonight. Fish with veg in hot pot awesome. Thin sweet and sour chicken soup great per. Hubby. And excellent vegetarian 256 noodles with tofu and veg, just needed a bit of salt. And plenty to take home after three of us eating tons! Really great. Nice service, waters refilled many times without asking. Will be backA cautionary tale for any thinking of doing take out: 
If you're home sick recovering from a particularly nasty cold (not swine flu) and your hubby gets take out pho from Nam Phuong for you, and you happen to really like housin sauce in said pho... look first, before you dump the take out container of sauce into your soup. Because there may just be sriracha in that housin sauce, and you may not notice until you've slopped a big mouthful of noodles in your mouth. And you may then feel like your face has blown off... but your stuffy nose might just be cleared =P
Still my favorite place for pho, perfect place for a damn-i-don't-feel-like-cooking lets-a-cheap-dinner night. I just specifically ask for sriracha-free housin now. Live and learn.Dear Nam Phuong:
I love you... or I guess I should say loved you. For a good two years, I swore by your place & raved about it to other people. But suddenly, it has come to a screeching halt.
Last time, I had a rock in one of my spring rolls. Yes, a ROCK. Not a tiny one either. And tonight, you forgot my peanut sauce and meatballs (which made up half the dish I ordered).
You do have quick takeout service, but the dine-in service is a little slow. Your guy behind the counter is so amazingly sweet (he let me use my credit card without realizing there is a $15 minimum needed).
PLEASE make me come back & bump you up another star (or even two!) because I want to love you so much again. I will give you another chance... but only one. Then I will start going back to Vietnam in Center City.I had lunch here with a group of 14 people and the service was so fast and friendly! 
Without a reservation they were ready to seat us in just a few minutes after we walked in. This was my first time to a Vietnamese Restaurant so I didn't know what to expect but I'm glad that someone from our large party took the lead and ordered a lot of food for us to all share for the table.  We split the bill 14 ways it was only $12 for lunch and I ate a lot. 
We started with shrimp spring rolls that were served with peanut sauce. These are very fresh and the wrap was made of a light think layer of rice. The peanut sauce was the best thing that I tasted at this restaurant. It is seriously so good that they should consider putting it in jars and selling it for people to enjoy at home! These light spring rolls were a great way to start the meal. Then to finish the meal we had two kinds of soups - Pho with beef and sweet and sour with shrimp.  It was perfect for the chilly spring day. Everything I tried was very tasty. 
I will def. be back next time I'm in the neighborhood.Possible the best Vietnamese food in Philadelphia!  Also great service! I still have so many more dishes to try, everything is very tasty.Favorite Vietnamese place to get an inexpensive meal of my favorite Vietnamese foods.  It is located in a shopping center that can be difficult to park.  But well worth it as a little gem on Washington Ave.  I am a fan of Nam Nuong Dish and suggest that if you go.We have been coming here for over 3 years now. 
What have always gotten the Well Done Beef Brisket Pho which is exceptional and the Fresh Basil Rolls. You can't go wrong with any of these two options. We jump between a lot of entrees but our favorites seem to be "Shaken Beef/Chicken" or the Beef Vermicelli. The customer service is great however it will lack during busy times. Wether it be not refilling water to not taking your initial order for awhile. The food here is great - we have scoured Buford Highway looking for a good combo of pho and entrees. Usually you'll find one or the other, but Nam Phuong is great for both.great food and very attentive service.  my favorites are the summer rolls, vermicelli bowls, and papaya salads.They have an excellent selection of vegetarian options. Most recently I got the vegetaian summer rolls and the lemongrass mixed tofu and vegetables. It was delicious!Well I have finally made the trek all the way to Nam Phuong's in Bella Vista. It is hidden along the back corner of the Vietnamese strip mall on 11th and Washington. Inside, Nam Phuong's looks like your pretty basic Asian restaurant, pink tiled floors, lots of red, waiters in vests, ect... Overall, the atmosphere is very laid back and very enjoyable. The menu is quite large (probably well over a hundred items), but honestly you only need to look at the pho.
I ordered the basic steak pho. I have had a lot of pho that just seems like they dumped a whole shaker of salt in, but this was pretty spot on. The meat was nice and thinly sliced along with perfectly cooked noodles. There are plenty of sides to add on such as beans, basil leaves, a few different kinds of chili oils, and my personal favorite Siracha! 
I loved Nam Phuong's, I certainly recommend it! Just great simple pho, that is all there is to it.I've eatin at Nam Phuong's numerous times. The food is always good. I've had almost everything on the menu and never had a complaint. The price is fair. The food is authentic and good. The only thing is the waiters sometime do forget your order. But it's always resolved and the dish always comes out later. Good Vietnamese food.I first visited Nam Phuong back in 2007, but after a recent visit finally decided to write a review.
Located in a plaza of Vietnamese and Asian businesses, Nam Phuong is serving up solid, cheap Vietnamese food. I've had pho, bun, and various rice dishes and everything was tasty. 
This is a great place for big families (which is why you see so many Vietnamese families on the weekend), groups, etc. I've brought many people here- service is quick, food is good, prices are low.
There are some reports that Nam Phuong has slipped over the years, but I can say that after nearly 10 years it's basically the same as ever. Recommended!We ate here few times in the past and foods were consistency good; so this time we ordered for family party. We order Shaking beef with water crest, salty fried rice, seafood noodle, beef wrapped in grape leaf. It was very disappointed, shaking beef was over cook tough to eat, salty fried was not tasty at all (NOT even close to what Tai Lake restaurant has). Seafood noodle was too bland and the beef wrapped in grape leaf was too dry. We would NEVER order for take out again.Located in the Vietnamese section of Philly, in a Vietnamese strip mall.
Went with a Vietnamese friend who went to school in Philly.
She claims that this is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Philly and who am I to argue. 
The restaurant is large. We arrived early at 5:30 and when we left the place was packed with a line at the door.
With an inexpensive price per entree, it's a great place to order a bunch of entrees to share and experience different flavors. 
Food and service was very good and you can't beat the value.Environment: Not the greatest but it is very spacious, very accommodating (even for large parties), and quick to get a table without reservation.
Service: Very quick to take your order, food comes out relatively quickly (less than 10 minutes easily).
Food: Wow, this place is impressive. NOT because of the pho. This place is impressive with their more authentic Vietnamese dishes like the dry-pot fish, shaking beef (bo luc lac), and exotic dishes that you would seldom find in other Vietnamese restaurants (Duck soup with bamboo shoots). I can assure you, most of the "exotic" things on the menu e.g. bamboo shoot soup IS DELICIOUS. This place does an excellent job providing a decent quality for home-cooked Vietnamese food you probably won't find anywhere else in the city.
Price: For large groups, you can probably get away with paying ~$18 to stuff your stomach with a multi-course meal. For individual orders, expect the standard $9-15 after tip (depending on what you get).My fave viet Resturant to go! Everything is delicious. My fave is shaking beef and raw beef platter! Great service tooPho with a deep herby broth and oh so al dente rice noodles and good beef balls.  Not mushy broken rice with grilled pork chops with nice carmelization  so tender and moist, runny fried egg (extra) and crispy pickled tart veggies.  Green staff spills water on spouse, lots of apologies, but no comp.  Had to call waiter over to order and get check. Could have been perfection. Still: Opens mind to possibilities of great Viet cuisine.excellent food, fast service! beef stew is so wonderful. vegan options as well. all meals come with a pot of hot tea. great place for groups... usually lots of families sharing large dinner dishes