I am torn because the food here is pretty good but the service is really lacking. They did some renovations to the space but service did not improve.  Many times that I came here...I would see guests wonder where their server went....and if he would come back to take their order. Sometimes people would go right up to the counter requesting for their server.  This is really poor service that I haven't seen in a long time!
It is really best to order take out and enjoy the food at home.  We normally order the bun no hue (spicy noodle soup) which is quit delicious....I never need to add anything to it.  I also order the special pho which have different types of beef....since I can never decide.  The beef wrap in grape leaves with vermicelli and rice paper is also very tasty and you can ask for the pineapple sauce on the side. The crab noodle and tomato soup is also one of my favorite.  The food there is very good it's just the service that's lacking. 
I would give this place a try base on the food....you can rate the service yourself and see if you agree.Best Tofu Bahn Mi ever! The Broken Rice is also solid. The noodles and broths are lacking, though--they don't taste like much. Definitely come here for the Bahn Mi and Broken Rice though!very mediocre vietnamese food
had the banh xeo, bun bo hue, pho
not a single dish was compelling
the only thing charming about it is that its in a little mini mall that will remind you of being in asiaI was here Saturday and this place is homey and fantastic! The com tam is one of the best I've had in a while. The price was extremely cheap. This isnt' some fancy restaurant but if you're looking for a good place to eat this is the place to go. Parking is extremely easy because it's connected to a supermarket. I can't wait to go back!Authentic Vietnamese food and it's BYOB! Great selections of appetizers and entrees. I usually go here in a group, so we usually order family-style dinners. They are very accommodating to our substitutions. I really enjoyed their seafood dishes. I would highly recommend this place!Secret Ingredient:  Celery.
I used to love the place that originally occupied this space, Viet Huong.  They were one of the first (I guess the first was the old Saigon Restaurant where Plaza Garibaldi is now) Vietnamese restaurants on Washington Avenue.  But then they opened a new location where they are now in Wing Phat Plaza (11th & Washington), then closed their old location.  And, sadly, have gone downhill ever since.  Back in the day, though, over on 16th St and even for a while on 11th, their h tiu and bánh canh were works of art.  Black pepper and ground pork and fried shallots and tender slices of roast pork and just-done shrimp.  SIgh.  Those were the days.  Let's not even talk about their charbroiled pork.  Sweet jebus.
But I digress.  I'd forgotten about that location, been increasingly disappointed by the place on 11th and later another old favorite on 11th, and just didn't think of Vietnamese food with the same excitement it deserves.  Until one day a few months ago I decided I needed to try that place on 16th again.  I had heard that it was run by the people who used to run Nam Phuong (which was OK, but never a favorite), and figured they deserved a try, since my old pals were letting me down.  I had always liked that location.  It felt really homey and crowded in a pleasant way.  But I wasn't expecting much.  So I went in a ordered a bowl of h tiu nam vang.  What a surprise!  Full of chives, and with a very fresh flavor.  Delicious roast pork, tender squid, and imitation crab I can only call creamy, even though I can't stand that word.  I don't tend to think of imitation crab (a friend refers to it as krab) as something to look forward to, but this was good.  But what was that fresh taste?  Eventually, it ended up in my spoon.  Celery.  The really long, skinny kind.  It was the kind of soup where you finish all the broth, even though you're full.  It was that good.
And so I've tried a few other things since.  I can vouch for Tina H's and Hoa T's reviews of the bún bò hu.  I never thought it could be that good!  I've tried it lots of places over the years, but it's always been just really spicy and pretty greasy.  Never with a balance of flavors, and with all those greens and cabbage to put in it.  And also the noodles weren't overdone.
Actually, in the all the times I've been there over the past few months, the noodles have never been overdone.  Just right.
Dammit, I just made myself really hungry!The best Vietnamese food in town! It's reasonably priced and delicious.  The summer rolls and beef grape leaves wrap are my favorite dishes!I was really looking forward to going here because a friend highly recommended it.  I decided to take my family for dinner, since it's my dad's birthday and he wanted Vietnamese. It was okay, the food was good, but the service was VERY disappointing.  Our one waiter mocked my order for hot tea and he was very condescending, our table got too crowded because they didn't collect empty dishes, another waiter we had was tough to communicate with and DO NOT GET THE DUCK AND BAMBOO VERMICELLI SOUP. 
I would probably give it another go just for lunch and try their Pho, since it seems to get decent reviews.  
Happy eating!I love this place! I used to dine here every other day. Yes, that's 3-4 times a week. Their food is awesome, servers remember who you are, and again, food is awesome! Their staff are SO nice and I love bringing all of my friends here. The only downfall is that they do not serve alcohol, but it's BYOB so can't complain. Will continue to travel here when I move out of town just to have some of their Hu Tieu Nam Vang (I hope I spelled that right.) :)Delicious summer rolls and excellent Bahn Mi Vietnamese Hoagies. Good service, and very cheap!Ok...at first glance you're not quite sure that the building that you're entering into is actually where you should be.  I came in thru the Washington Ave entrance..there is also an entrance of the 16th Street side.  I found the secret Vietnamese restaurant stash of philadelphia... and OMG!!! FABULOUS FABULOUS food. They were super nice and very attentive. I ordered the Thai ice tea with bubbles and the Bun Bo Hue.  I thought I would need a bed afterwards... total itis situation... :) And the Thai ice tea with bubbles.. when I came in there was a woman walking out with 4 of them.  Now I know why.  I'll be back tomorrow to take one (maybe 2:) to go!If you want the worst service in Philadelphia this is definitely the place to be. I was excited to go here since it is in my neighborhood. The food was good but the service really ruined the entire experience. Our server walked past our table about 10 times after we had finished and placed our napkins on our plates. I had to yell for him to come to our table after we waited about 30 mins for our check. Then as I was signing the check and leaving the tip he stood at our table and watched me write the tip amount and sign the receipt as if he was too lazy to walk away and return to our table.
This has to be the worst service I've ever experienced. I do not see myself returning unless I'm dying of starvation and there is nowhere else to go.Nam Son can be described as the Vietnamese equivalent of a 24/7 American diner--with such a large menu, half of the dishes they do well (bun cha Ha Noi, goi cuon) and some dishes they do not do so well (bun tom nuong, ca kho to).  Although the food could be much better, it's a comforting meal, and in the end, you leave with a full stomach.When the yelpers were raving about the Banh Mi at Nam Son, I was pretty skeptical.  Well, all the yelpers were right.  These are really good hoagies.  The bread, I felt, is the main difference.  It didn't have too breading and the crust was rather crunching and flaky.  The veggies were typical and the bbq pork had a great sweet flavor.  
The vermicelli was a big bowl.  It was pretty typical, carrots cilantro, cucumber, bbq pork and etc.  I thought the sauce alittle too sweet, but still rather tasty.  
Don't let the dingy store front fool you.  Service and food is great.  A must visit for fast Vietnamese cuisine.I'm kind of confused, the address is the restaurant I want, but the picture definitely is NOT them, but whatever.  I am writing about the restaurant on 1600 Washington located inside the shopping complex that houses the supermarket.
I've been here a few times, but this time I actually really enjoyed the food.  I was there with my parents and miss bellinda.  And between the 4 of us we shared the banh hoi with bbq'ed pork, banh hoi with grilled shrimp, and banh xio.  ALL was delicious.  The waiter we got was kind of on the dumb side, but a quick fix from the other guys, and the land was once again happy.  
The food was great, but I'd have to say.  The decor, and all about feel of the place, kind of makes it ho-hum.  Definitely try the place out at least once.  Good food great price.  
OH did I mention it ONLY cost us $28 ( tip included ) to feed the 4 us ?!South Philly, 16th & Washington Ave
It is always a non Asian person who brings me to a Vietnamese restaurant these days. This time my classmate brought me. I tried the tofu pho which was something I never had before. It was okay. I might come back to try other dishes when I have my Viet food craving. (I sometimes think my Vietnamese food days are kind of over though that is why I don't frequent Viet restaurants as often as I use to in the past.)This is another one of those hidden gems in South Philadelphia. If you like Nam Phoung, you will enjoy yourself here!
The Service: 3/5
I went here with a rather large party. We were seated immediately (granted we went in the middle of the day). We all had ordered but I'm rather surprised that the waiter just asked if we were ready and didn't ask if we had any questions about the menu or make any suggestions (these are little details I find important in service). There wasn't anything exceptional about it.
The Food: 4/5
I thought the food was prepared nicely. It was definitely authentic Vietnamese cuisine. I had ordered a simple Vietnamese egg roll and Bun Bo Hue. The soup I thought wasn't as spicy I am accustom to but it was great. 
The Atmosphere: 4/5
Its a nice relaxed atmosphere if you're just wanting a quick fix with you and your buddies. There wasn't any blaring music and the restaurant was well lit (especially considering we were there in the middle of the day).
Anyone who thought Nam Phoung is good should give Nam Son a try. It's is well priced and hits the spot.Very good! 
Delicious Pho and Vermicelli dishes for affordable prices- this is quickly becoming my go to pho!the grocery market might make the whole mall smell like crap but the food here rocks! me and my boyfriend enjoy it very much! yummm!I can see how this restaurant's location might be somewhat off-putting.  A hidden spot inside the Vietnamese Supermarket, I am the only white person here -- which is of course an excellent sign when you're looking for real ethnic cuisine. And the food is DELICIOUS. I couldn't be happier about this Beef Congee, in spite of it burning my tongue, and as a student, I'm excited to get two meals out of only $8 worth of food. This spot will be one of my favorites, especially once it gets cold outside!  Also, the staff are helpful and kind and showed no impatience whatsoever towards my English-speaking-only inquiries. Highly recommend it!Awesome bread, great price, and tastes delicious.  This place is just a bit further down Washington Ave from Ba Le.  Trust me it's worth the extra couple blocks.  $4 for a tofu banh mi, can't beat that.  The bread is enough reason to come here alone.  I prefer the bread here than Ba Le.  It tastes fresher.  My order was only for 2 banh mi, not sure why the order took a while to come out.  We waited about 5+ minutes.  I tried their viet iced coffee with boba and it was $4.  The boba was fresh and coffee was strong.  I'd def come here for the tofu banh mi over Ba Le.This is a hidden gem in South Philly. I'm used to going to places like Nam Phuong, Pho Hua on the east side of Broad street. But I came through to Nam Son on a super early Monday morning where this was the only place that was opened by 9am for early Asian breakfast among all the other Vietnamese joints in South Philly that was all still closed.
Plus you don't see any white people that means you know it's legit - according to my Vietnamese friend.
This place is really clean and quiet, you don't get your typical we want to rush you in and rush you out attitude in most Asian restaurants. Prices are decent. Large parking lot where they share with the grocery store. My new fav Vietnamese place in South Philly for sure.A neighborhood staple. Delicious. We've tried a lot of different dishes here, but the pho and the vermicelli are my favorite. The little cafe attached to the restaurant also has quick to go bahn mi'sThis place is prob the best in Philly.  I usually go here every other Sunday with my family for lunch and it is always packed.  The reason is because the owners of this place use to own Nam Phuong and decided to open this one giving Nam Phuong to their long time manager.  The food at both places are almost identical but this place is def better because the original owners still run the show.  The service is standard for a Viet restaurant and the place is decent.
The food is def some of the best Viet food you'll ever have however.  We usually get the lunch for 4.  The spring rolls come out hot and crispy.  One dip in the fish sauce and your first bite is the start of a great meal.  The fish sauce at this place is clear and a little on the sweet side which I prefer because I don't like it when I see a lot of stuff in my fish sauce because I question the cleanliness.  Then comes the salad, we get the one with duck and it is awesome.  They don't skimp on the meat so their is duck in almost every bite and the salad itself is fantastic.  Their is just the right amount of dressing that gives each bite a little sweet and sour taste and when you dip it into the ginger fish sauce, it takes it to another level.  Then our entrees come which are the beef cubes over watercress salad, fish in clay pot and the fish sweet and sour soup.  They give less beef and watercress over the years but it still hits the spot.  The beef is cooked perfectly.  Its so juicy and tender.  The fish is prob the best when you take a piece and pour the sauce over your rice.  The perfect amount of seasoning and the fish melts in your mouth, paired with the rice and you can't stop eating.  You have to try it to believe it.  The soup broth is delicious.  Pour it in your rice bowl and grab a piece of fish from the soup and you just gobble it up right away.  
There are so many other great dishes that I get and order for take out but you get the point.  I definitely recommend this place to everyone and make sure to bring a friend here if they are out of time so you can show them that this is the best Viet food.I really like this place and go there regularly. It has a wide variety of vietnamese dishes, including banh mi and pho. The food is always good and while the wait staff may need some prodding from time to time they are always friendly.Small Vietnamese bakery offering bubble tea, baguettes, sweets, quick grab togo meals, but mostly known for having the best Bahn Mi in town! I recommend the pork or tofu.I like this place A LOT more than Nam Phuong. When you come here, you look around and notice that everyone is Vietnamese (except me, of course, because I know this secret).
Pho is not their best dish, and I would not get your pho fix here. They have a lot of other great options, so I would leave the hangover pho for another establishment.
I have had great food and great service here. I have also brought wine (BYO). I mean, really, what more could you want?
I have tried the papaya salad, ba vi, banh xeo, bo luc lac, pho, bun rieu (?), bun vermicelli dishes, and the broken rice. The banh xeo (crepe), papaya salad, and the broken rice dishes are great. My friend gets the bun rieu (crabmeat soup) every time. 
I tried ordering by saying the names in Vietnamese, only to be humiliated in front of my friends when the wrong order came out. The lady was real nice though and fixed the order even though I made the mistake.
Oh, the mango shakes are like drinking real mango. The drink is insanely good.When I want to try anything new of the Viet-variety,  my "go to" Yelper is Vy D.   I am surprised that he has not reviewed this place but many other Yelpers have, which is why I checked it out last night.
One of my favorite soups,  which is not easy to come by,  is Hu Tieu Nam Vang and I was very excited to see this on the menu,  so naturally had to order it.   It arrived within 5 minutes,  in a piping hot bowl of fragrant steamy goodness.   Noodles were just how I like them (silky smooth).  Fantastic broth.  Big pieces of squid and shrimp.   The one issue I had was the quality of the pork ...some sinewy pieces which took away from the overall soup-y love fest --hence the 4 stars vs 5.  
Also,  I really wanted hot Vietnamese coffee and the server said that a "boiler was down"  (What ?)  so they could only bring me iced.   Couldn't make sense of this but settled on the Cafe Su Da ... which was incredible. 
Yeah ... I'd go back here for sure.  Try a bowl of Pho next time and, ahem, a HOT coffee please ...  :)I'd tried this place twice.  The first time I had vermicelli with chicken.  The 2nd time, I had the vermicelli house special and my wife had the lemongrass chicken.  We are big fans of Nam Phuong and thought this was a cheaper alternative.  We have found this place to have lesser quality food and smaller portions.  Even though this location is slightly closer to our house, we will be going back to Nam Phuong in the future.Best Bah Mi I have tasted.  The combination of fresh warm South Philly bread and buttery goodness.  I ordered the BBQ beef Bah Mi.  Was everything and more.  The right amount of meat and veggies.   Mmmm ill definitely be going back for more.
Also the outside is deceiving as it is in a Chinese warehouse that has a grocery store and other Chinese stores,  but don't be deceived,  this place is a gem amongst the competitive Vietnam joints around Washington Ave.Bun is pretty good.  Not a lot of herbs served with it, but the vermicelli is perfectly cooked, cool w/ a great texture.  BBQ Pork is flavourful and still tender, succulent, great texture and taste.  Probably my fave Vietnamese BBQ pork in Philly so far.  Spring roll was great, filling was flavourful, tastier than most I've had in Philly, crisply fried.
Pho was good, but not my fave.  The different cuts of beef were excellent, but the soup was not as flavourful as I'd like.
Can't wait to try more of Nam Son's dishes.In the name of responsible yelping, I'm finally writing this review to inform lovers of Vietnamese cuisine everywhere why this place is awesome but no one seems to know about it! So please resist the urge to make jokes about how Nam Son is the forgotten child of Nam Phuong. Although no actual relations exist; however I assure you, no lesser in quality of food.
I love this place and I'm glad I do, because there aren't many choices for decent Vietnamese food in the city. It has become a reliable spot for me. The food is consistently fresh and good. The place is clean, spacious, and actually nicer looking compared to usual Vietnamese restaurants. 
I always get the mi bo kho (beef stew noodles) with a toasty baguette ($6.50). For those unfamiliar with this dish, it is very much like the Vietnamese-version of the French beef bourguignon. Served essentially with tender beef shanks, egg noodles, carrots, and lemongrass, the soup is hearty, a bit spicy, a lot savory, and absolutely delicious. Also highly recommend the pho, bun rieu, bun bo hue, vermicelli, and banh mi here as well. 
Quite simply, there are a few facts about eating Vietnamese food here in the states or abroad. You'll love the freshness of the ingredients and utilization of herbs. You'll adore the simplicity of the recipes but seemingly always amazed by the complexity of the flavors. And you'll surely encounter "iffy service" at most non-high-end Vietnamese restaurants. You pick what you want from the menu, you order it, it's delivered, you get up and pay at the counter. There will be no introductions. There will not be smiles. What you consider "bad service" may just be the norm in Vietnamese dining. The Vietnamese dining experience is very quick, straightforward, practical and to the point.
With that being said, you'll love Nam Son!The food's not really that great. It's edible but for really good (and pretty authentic) Vietnamese food, I suggest Vietnam Palace in Chinatown. And for really good pho, Pho 75 just a few blocks down is amazingly flavorful. To be fair, we had the spring and egg rolls, the vermicelli and the crabmeat noodle soup. All were pretty bland, and they didn't pickle the carrot and radishes, and they didn't flavor the fish sauce for the egg rolls and vermicelli.Service is typical of any Vietnamese restaurant, very lax & non attentive. The pho broth here is just average, but the bowls & the bowl holder is adorable! The one thing that makes this restaurant amazing is their fried rice cake with egg appetizer. This is something that I have to order every time I come here. Crispy rice cake cubes with an ooey gooey center, with a sunny side up egg which leaks eggy goodness, served with a soy sauce to compliment it perfectly. Be warned that the restaurant is pretty dingy, nothing impressive, & it can smell bad sometimes, but this is one of my more frequented Vietnamese restaurants. If the Asian people in a Viet restaurant outnumber the Americans, then you know you've got a winner.When the craving for Vietnamese hits, this is my go-to spot. I haven't yet had enough pho in the city to compare theirs to other places, but when I compare their summer rolls to others in Philly, theirs come out on top- no wimpy veggies, underdone noodles, or rubbery rice paper rolls in these- just tightly packed rolls of freshness.
Other favorites: their vermicelli noodle bowls because they cook the noodles perfectly and actually give you a healthy dose of fresh veggies and charred meat. And I hate to admit it because I don't know how authentically Vietnamese it is, but their beef and broccoli stir-fried noodle dish is pretty delicious...just saying.
Service is a bit questionable- it sometimes takes a while, it sometimes doesn't. And they don't bus tables as quickly as they should. So if you're in a rush, just call your order in and pick it up.Although I've stop coming here years ago because of many item on their menu wasn't at the same level as other local Vietnamese restaurant in the areas.   However due to unforeseenable delay in my appointment,  I wander in to have a quick bowl of pho instead of sitting in my car in south Philly.  I wad expected a bland broth like pho ha but instead the broth was rich & flavorful.   It was definitely made from scratch.  Will be back for pho.I've driven by this place a million times and never thought twice about it... then one day my boyfriend wanted to go.  Food?  I like food.  Banh Mi's?  Even better.
I'm almost hesitant to review this place.  I don't want it to catch on and inhibit my amazing experience.  
We pulled into a clusterf*ck of a parking lot, and found a spot, and almost got hit by another few cars en route to the front door of the bakery.  As the token vegetarian- i had 2 options.  One had tofu, one had egg.  It was 3p, so I opted for the tofu.  This place doesn't really have a place to sit.  They have 2 big tables... but if they're full... you're out of options.  We managed to wait for our turn to sit, and waited for our sandiwches.  For $8 we got 2 feet of Banh Mi that has changed my life... and hopefully my boyfriends too (he got the BBQ chicken).
The bun for starters is perfect.  Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and an explosion of crumbs all over your face and your shirt after each bite.  I loved it.  The contents were also phenomenal.  Fresh veggies, some pickled, some not, spicy from jalapenos and cilantro, a little mayo on the roll that was heated so it seaped in, and fried tofu pieces jam packed with flavor in a sauce that I can't get out of my mind today.
The people working behind the counter couldn't have been nicer to 2 people who seemed very out of place.  This is great news because they'll be seeing a lot more of us.  This place is AMAZING.My husband and I had two totally different experiences - As the others indicate service is hit/miss.  Our service was fine, my husband loved his dish (brocolli and chicken dish) and said he would for sure go back and he would rate the place with 4 stars.
I had the needle noodle shrimp - it tasted good, but did you ever start to eat something and something just doesn't feel right or taste right?  I ate about 4 forks full, and the shrimp were tasty, the noodles ok, I thought needle noodles were really skinny noodes but they are really thick like worms (maybe that turned me off too).
I barely made it home ..if you know what I mean! 
I may try again just not sure.I got the house special vermacelli with shrimp, pork, and beef. I seasoned it myself (lots of garlic chili sauce, sriracha, and chili oil with some hoison and soy sauce). I don't prefer to do myself, but I made it palatable. Good vibe, mediocre service. Apparently I need to try banh mi. I shall next time.This place is under new management. Probably the worst service that you will experience in a Vietnamese restaurant on Washington Ave. The food is mediocre...I can't really recommend anything "out of this world" delicious on the menu. This place claims to be BYOB but starting to charge the patrons $10 for corkage fee since they couldn't obtain a liquor license! Needs to change! When I called the other day to ask about the corkage fee, one person said there was no fee and another person said there was a fee. Inconsistent!!! Lousy service!the food is excellent.  As a Greek, i stand out in the crowd.  No matter, the food is excellent.  I work in the neighborhood remodeling houses and I have stopped by the market next door in this mini mall.  My curiousity brought me in.  It is a hidden place, the pho is amazing.  After eating summer rolls(with chicken and shrimp) it was time for pho.  now i have had pho on many places on washington ave, but theirs was extra good.  this time i asked for tripe to be added.  in greek it is called patsah.  i have never tasted it and now i can relate it to squid in its texture and crunch.  a wildly satisfying lunch, so much that i skipped dinner..By far my favorite Vietnamese food in Philly. I will have to say I've tried  about 5 other places but this is the only place I ever want to go to anymore! 
Convenience-there's a parking lot, asian grocer and a kick ass nail supply store connected to this place!
under $4 vietnamese hoagies that rock-try lemongrass tofu or BBQ pork. the pho is amazing and yum summer rolls.
Go here you won't be dissapointed!
oh yeah cute Vietnamese boy waiters;)Dude. I love this place. I didnt yelp it earlier 'cause I was too busy trying to get hungry again so I could go back and stuff my face. Plus I moved outta Phila and now I can share the secret! 
I mean literally it's inexpensive. and super duper freaking delicious. I cant write on and on about it, I dont know the English names of anything i ordered. But dude go here and try the Hiu Tieu (spelling?) - the pork Broth noodle soup - and tell me that it isn't one of the best Hiu Tieu's  ever. It's so banging and so worth every damn penny. Worthy of ordering are the BBQ pork broken rice, and the vietnamese hoagies. Then there's the Salted Fish Fried Rice --- I wanna laugh and cry right now- just thinking about it as I write this is beyond words.....go and order food be adventurous! You and your belly will be so happy, even if the love of your life just cheated on you. 
Don't rely too heavily on the wait staff for picking food, they speak very little English, but don't mess up orders, are attentive to the perfect degree,  and are just  straight up super good at their jobs.  
If your'e a Sissy La La when it comes to eating ethinc foods then just order the Pho Ga (chicken noodle soup) and ask for white meat. A small bowl will be plenty unless your a pro footballer or wrestler.
Place is great for large groups and also might be the best way to kick a GNARLY hangover. Be sure to drink some coconut water.
Dont do take out; it just won't be the same as dining in and eating everything when it's piping out and matched with the cool leafy greens and mint.This has been my friends' and my favorite place for vietnamese food! 
their summer rolls are amazing. i love their Pho (oh, my. the soup!). great for cold winter time. They have several cold noodle dishes, which i would love to try in summer. The menu is huge, lots of selections, sometimes a bit confusing, if you are not very familiar with vietnamese food (i was not). Over all, it has been always a nice, fun experience at the place.This place is a good and standard.  Cheap cheap and fills you up at the same time being a local dependable joint.  Good amounts of seating and an attentive staff.  Check it out.My second favorite place to get pho in Philly (Thang Long being #1).
The Asian supermarket next door can make for a smelly experience but the food is great.I had the Bun Bo Hue today.  The broth was alittle too sweet and it was not spicy enough.  Other than that, it was a good satisfying meal.
I got a sandwich to go and asked them to hold the butter and mayo.  
I am going to try their Pho next!Oh my goodness; I just had one of the best meals I've ever eaten.  Fish fillet and tomato rice noodles soup - heavenly.  
The fish was very fresh and they did not skimp; I definitely had the equivalent of a fillet or two in my bowl.  I also asked for a side of watercress spinach for added green ($2 extra) and got a perfectly cooked generous helping.  There were fresh tomatos in the soup which together with the mint, basil, and cilantro gave it an awesome flavor. Definitely not your average fish soup. 
Another day I had their chicken Bahn Mi which was perfect . . . and only $4.  
Service was awesome.  I was asked for my order within about 3 minutes of sitting down and the woman who served me was really helpful in helping me pick a dish. She and other staff checked in at just the right times.  Complimentary jasmine tea was a plus.  
Cleanliness level was good.  Chopsticks on the table are individually wrapped rather than left in the open air.  The table next to mine was cleaned within a min. of the party leaving.  But I do recommend going on a Saturday midday rather than a late Sunday afternoon when families with multiple small children leave the front dining tables looking like a wreck.At some point, this place changed its name from Nam Phuong to Nam Son.  While this place will never win any awards for their service or cleanliness (in fact, they received 2 violations at a recent inspection), the food is both tasty and super-cheap:
http://philly.everyblock.com/restaurant-inspections/by-date/2008/6/17/406523/
Give Nam Son a chance.  Just don't come hunting me down if you contract dysentery.Great food, questionable cleanliness. 
Restaurant side: Bangin pho and rice platters. No crowd compared to the 6th/11th and Washington plazas
Take out side: bomb ass banh mi sandwiches. Try the bbq sandwiches yo those things are great. I always want to get some chicken quarters and soup, but they keep their door open and food uncovered so I'm always like, "hmm.. maybe not a good idea if flies could get on them."Their pho had no flavor took us forever to get water .  I rather go down the street for better tasting pho.I like their red walls!
My mom, brother, and I came here today for breakfast because I was craving Bo Luc Loc and Mom wanted to try out this place again.
I approve of the Bo Luc Loc! I also got their Soda Chanh and was okay with that too.Nam Som is a really awesome and cheap Vietnamese place in South Philly.  The servers are very attentive and polite and will even show you how to use wrap things in rice paper when you look confused.
I got the broken rice with chargrilled pork and ground shrimp in bean paper and it was only $7 and super-filling.  The Iced coffee with sweetened condensed milk is also a great dessert option.Yum! 
Don't be deceived by its appearance or its distance from the more popular Vietnamese restaurants down the road. Nam Son has solid food that's meant to satisfy your stomach and make both you and your wallet happy. It may not be as pretty as the others, but I left here with both my tummy and my billfold full.
So it smells a little like the subway (not sure why). So it's a little small. Whatever. The banh canh cua (noodle soup with crabmeat) warms you up sooooo well and boasts real crabmeat! The banh xeo (Vietnamese crepe filled with pork belly, shrimp, bean sprouts, etc.) is crispy and packed with goodies. The crepe batter is made with some sort of yellow bean so it might not be what you're used to if you're familiar with Vietnamese food. The thit heo kho to (braised beef in clay pot) is immensely flavorful and tender - load up on rice for this one.
If you're looking for a great, cheap meal that tastes just like your imaginary Vietnamese grandmother made, definitely come here.Place is great I would work my way across the whole menu but the four things I get I really do miss eating them so I have to order them in rotation. Spring rolls, BBQ pork hoagie, shrimp and pork vermicelli, shrimp and pork hot pot. All are full of familiar great flavor. Great price 2 entree, 2 apps, 2 ice coffee about 25-30. I didn't want to tell people about this place in fear hipsters would ruin it, but they expanded and now have enough room to accommodate more guest.This place saw me through my entire pregnancy-could NOT get enough of the seafood pho. Now, when I take my son, they steer us to the table near the fountain so he can watch the water as he devours his own small bowl of pho. (The waitstaff are, in general, very attentive and accommodating. They are used to lots of small children and big groups, so nothing surprises them.) Really a great place for Vietnamese-we've tried almost every place on Washington Ave and always find it lacking in comparison. Highly recommend the bbg hoagies and the coconut drink-delightful!Prior to stopping at Big 8, our stomachs won and told us to stop at Nam Son.  We were promptly seated and our orders were taken.  
I got a Vietnamese iced coffee which is arguably the best I've had in Philly.  The BBQ pork banh mi was tasty too.  Prices are fairly cheap, but the food is great.  Although we probably won't frequent the attached supermarket often, we will definitely be back to Nam Son in the near future.As the NFL season begins, summer and fall undergo a majestic changing of the guards. Leaves being to turn, the distinct smell of chimney smoke fills the air on brisk autumn nights, and my odds of being hungover on a Monday increase tenfold. As my hangover increases so does my hunger, and my inhibitions as to what I eat diminish? Where I quench this hunger, God only knows.
Since moving into Graduated Hospital in May, Nam Son has sparked my interest countless times. Having taken off work one Monday in anticipation of an NFL Sunday "afterglow" I found myself growing hungrier and hungrier however I had very few options due to my distain for delivery and my lack of energy, a product of too much party rocking. Nam Son enter stage left.
Literally half a block down and half a block over it was now or never for NS. I threw on my comfiest hoody, a pair of blue blockers and my favorite Nikes and went over. According to the banner I had gone on their Grand Reopening although I had never noticed it had been.... unopened(?). Walking up to the counter and looking at the menu but lacking the mental capacity to make a decision I asked the young lady at the register for her bahn mi recommendation. We stared at each other for 15 seconds or so and then she said some people get the pork. Well with that ringing endorsement how could I pass it up?! 
Next to the register was a basket of spring rolls so I grabbed two to munch on while I waited. They we very tasty. Cold but very tasty. They also had several large containers of kimchee so of course I ended up copping some of that as well. My roast pork bahn mi was up in about 10 minutes. My excitement grew with each step to my house. The "hoagie" was half unwrapped by the time I got to the couch and my teeth had sunk into the baguette before Monday daytime television had appeared on my TV. The flavor was excellent, what I wasn't crazy about was the lack of ingredients on my sandwich and the way the roof of my mouth exploded faster than if I had bitten into a piece of coral reef (ala Primos). 
I understand the hearty sandwich is an American thing but I seriously think they're on to something here and the next time I go back I'm going to get double meat and see if they have softer bread. Definitely a solid first showing and I'm looking forward to going back.The best Vietnamese place in the city! Me and my husband come here all the time. He loves Vietnamese bbq pork sandwich, i always order shrimp dishes. Their iced coffee with condensed milk is so good! Great service!Delicious broth and generous with the meat.  Hoagies also really good.  This place restores my faith as other establishments East of here on Wash ave have become less appealing.If I could give this a 0 star rating I would. Worst dining experience to top it off horrible food. We ordered 2 pho ga and 3 platters of 2 piece pork chop. They came back with 2 pho ga, 1 seafood pho and 2 platters of 2x porkchop. They served my husband a platter of the 2x porkchop which literally looked like someone devoured all the meat and left the fat only. The waiters aren't attentive and to top if it off one of my mother's chicken from her pho ga was raw. What restaurant in their right mind serves raw chicken knowing that someone can get a serious illness or even worse die from consuming it!. With the bill coming out to 60+ we even generously tipped a 20$, even when the service didn't earn it. I will never come back to this place to eat even if they served free foodNam Son, this review breaks my heart.
You were my first, my only, my everything. Whenever I needed a beef-inspired liquid pick-me-up; a satisfying banh mi; or a delectable meat-filled crepe, you we're my go-to--my love.
I've been going to Nam Son, consistently, for 3 years--ever since I moved to North-South Philly. I brought all my friends there, my girlfriend and I went on date nights there, it was our post-Mummer's New Year's Day tradition!
If there was one Vietnamese place I would ever recommend it was Nam Som.
But over the last 6 months, you've changed Nam Son. What happened to the friendly, fast service? The tendency to cut me a break on your $15 card minimum? The ability to get my order correct?! All of these things, these golden qualities I knew to be true have gone by the wayside. 
Nam Som, you've changed, and I don't like it.
If you're looking for declining quality of food and bad service, Nam Son is your place.
If you're looking for me, find me at Nam Phuong, my new love...Talk about your all time disappointments. I just moved about 4 blocks from here and really could have used a local Vietnamese spot on my side of Broad street. Nam Son is currently sitting pretty at 4 stars on Yelp but my first experience is likely to be my last. 
I sampled 3 different dishes, the beef salad, vermicelli special bowl and a triple steak derivative pho. In that order, each round was progressively worse. The lettuce in the salad was too warm and not crisp. The vermicelli noodles somehow lacked overall flavor with the greasy spring rolls and boring meats. For the grand finale the pho couldn't have missed the mark any further. I could go on but the table next to us summed it up when they requested "a bowl of hot water to dilute the saltiness." Oh, did I mention I found a hair in the bowl too?
I would have said something but service was nonexistent throughout the meal nor did I want any part of anything else from the kitchen. Just when I thought I could finally get out of there, the credit card came back without a pen to finally end this horror show. Looks like I will be trekking back east of Broad for my vietnamese after all.This place is frequented by the OG Vietnamese, as compared to Nam Phuong and the other Vietnamese strips along Washington Ave that have become more mainstream.
The restaurant is deceptively...dingy. Okay, maybe it's really just dingy. But the food is tasty and delicious so it's worth putting up with the change in atmosphere. It's not like eating at a restaurant; it's more like visiting a family friend or eating at home.
We ordered the banh canh cua -  noodle soup (the thick noodles) with crabmeat (REAL crabmeat!); banh xeo - Vietnamese crepe, and thit heo kho to (braised pork in clay pot). Everything was really flavorful and the servings were much bigger than you'd get at other restaurants.
If it's your first time trying Vietnamese food, I'd recommend you visit Nam Phuong first. But if you're accustomed to it and are looking for something more homey, this place is awesome and very reasonably priced.If it's a cold night and you are looking for warm affordable Pho this is the spot. Very authentic dining experience with many options. I have had Pho at many different places in Philadelphia and this places measures up. 
head up check out the market on your way out fresh live orchids for $8One of the most consistently good bánh mì sandwiches that I've had in the United States. Also consistently excellent is their Vietnamese styled papaya salad-- though much less spicy than it's Thai counterpart, this dish always satisfied. I wish I still lived in Philly so I could continue to frequent this dive. But sadly, I had the tell the owners I was moving on. They said, "Come back and visit." I will someday, I hope.Dinner for 2 is actually dinner for 3 or 4! Comes with cha gio (fried egg rolls, but we substituted for goi cuon, summer rolls), canh chua ca (fish soup), bo luc lac (stir fried beef cubes), ca kho to (fish stew), and some jello type dessert. Appetizer, 3 entrees, rice, and dessert for $30 sounds like a good deal to me =) It's not on the menu so you have to ask for it. 
The food was on point! The service, not so much. But I came here for the food anyway. 
While we're on the subject, anyone know a place with good banh beo?? And don't tell me your mom's unless she's gonna make me 100 of them =)The place has solid Vietnamese food ranging from Pho, rice dishes, even some of the best banh mi I've had (Vietnamese Hoagies) for you not familiar with the term. The food is pretty good and comes out fairly quick. The reason it loses stars is because the service is pretty bad. The servers come to take your order near the beginning and probably won't make a trip back until its time for the bill. Other than that the place has great food, but terrible service. Hence the 3 stars.Bear with me while I delineate an analogy: if the clusterfuck of Vietnamese places on Washington is like a pack of wolves, Nam Son is the lone wolf. It hangs out by itself apart from all the other wolves (being up by 16th and all). This particular lone wolf is not the alpha dog of the pack, but not the runt either. It's a very average, run-of-the mill, middle-of-the pack kind of wolf. If the pack were starving, it wouldn't be the first one that all the other wolves cannibalize, nor would it be the last wolf standing.
The menu here is pretty massive. The broken rice and pork combo with fried egg was pretty good. A little too much fat and gristle for my liking in the charbroiled pork, though. The shredded pork was fine, and the quiche was okay. No complaints about the fried egg. The summer rolls were fairly tasty and quite large. Hue style noodles were different from pho, with thicker, chewier noodles, though not particularly spicy as the menu claims.
Their bahn mi is decent as far as bahn mi goes. Not the best ever, but certainly not the worst. The bread was too flakily toasted for my liking, probably to hide the slight staleness. 
This place is worth a visit if you're craving Vietnamese food and you're in the area. But perhaps there are better wolves to eat further down Washington. (I'm not entirely sure how that fits in with the analogy, but I'm too lazy to figure it out.)After going to Nam Son for the first time, all I can say is, "WOW!"  Vietnamese is not even my favorite Vietnamese food, but I was swept off my feet.  I had the best Vietnamese coffee and condensed milk of my life, and the bbq chicken broken rice was seasoned to perfection!  They lose a star because they never brought me my spring rolls.  However, everyone who waited on us was courteous.I have been here twice, and have been satisfied both times. The most recent time I had the pho. My only (very minor) complaint is that they didn't fill my water glass in a timely fashion.Philadel-pho-licious. 
If you're looking for a super-clean, high-end, chic-decor haute cuisine restaurant, this ain't it. If, however, you are looking to escape some of the Rittenhouse snootery and get some damn good pho without crossing Broad street, this is the place. Walking in feels more like a visit to a family restaurant somewhere in Asia than South Philly.
Service was fast, the bowl of Pho was big, steaming hot, with lots of noodles and a heaping side plate of prouts, lime and cilantro.  Sriracha's on the table, along with other various spicy-smelling concoctions that I was unfamiliar with.  Self-serve spoons and chopsticks on the table might weird some people out, but as I said, it ain't fancy. 
Good, fast, cheap, and a little bit of an adventure.The best BBQ beef banh mi!My go-to Vietnamese restaurant. It's as consistent as your mother's cooking. Hands down the best Vietnamese joint on Washington Ave. 
The owners basically put shrimp sugarcane, beef wrapped in grape leaves & pork combo on the map in Philadelphia. I also think they have some of the best Banh Mi's (grilled meats, cold cuts & vegetarian) around. My favorite is their Bun Rieu (Tomato Crab Noodle Soup).Awesome BBQ pork bahn mi.  Make sure to nix the peppers if you don't like the heat.  Definitely worth the trip hereI've had a lot of pho on the east coast and nothing compares to Nam Son. The pho tai is simply amazing. If you're hungry after you can finish it off with one of their smoothies (I get strawberry or mango). Everytime I'm near center city (or hungover) i make my way here. 
For those concerned about the service, you order at the table and pay up front and let them know your table number. I dont know why they do this (they also dont tell you) but thats what they do. Not taking off any stars for people not knowing how to pay the check.We come here about once a week...sometimes more often.  The guys there are wonderful to us and remember exactly what we like and don't like.  I'm in love with their marinated beef salad.  It is soo good... fresh and flavorful.  I try it at every Vietnamese restaurant I go to and I haven't found a better version. Their Vietnamese sandwiches are also great. They're super attentive but never try to rush you.  We usually go there when we get home late and don't have time to cook or get ready to go out-out.  We'll bring a bottle of wine and sip our soup and they never make us feel like we're in their way or taking too long.  
The bottom line is that the food is great, prices are very reasonable and service is wonderful....always.  We've never had a bad experience.This place has been here for so long. It might have changed ownership, because of all of the renovations that took place. The food is no less delicious though. They make one of the best pan-fried rice noodles with beef. The service is very much your traditional Asian hospitality--no smiles but efficient. What is also really delicious is their ready made rice noodles wrapped with ground pork. Great for you to grab on the go if you can't wait. 
The cafe is conveniently located near the Asian grocery store in case the flavors here inspire you to try your hand at making some Asian food!I'm definitely a fan of this place! I've only tried a few things off the menu, but I would definitely come back for those few things!
The bun bo hue, spicy sort of, noodle soup, is delicious! It's definitely one of the few places that make it really well! I think I might like it more than my mom's? I don't know, but it's really good, I would definitely go back repeatly for it, haha. Also.. the Vietnamese hoagies! Wow, they are really really good, my mom usually likes to experiment at different places with Vietnamese hoagies, but she has stuck with this place, and I also immediately noticed how delicious it was compared to every other time I've had them. You should go try it for yourself!
The only complaint is the location, sometimes might be confusing to find, there is a side entrance for it, and then the main entrance through the plaza itself. The inside decor isn't really my favorite, but I can't expect much from a Vietnamese restaurant. Also the bathrooms were disgusting last time I checked! Hope they got that situation taken care of, but other than that, good food!Nam Son is my go to place for when I'm looking for a quick, cheap, and satisfying meal - breakfast, lunch, or dinner. The food is consistently delicious and the servers are always friendly and attentive. I really do love this place!
Two must tries: the marinated beef salad with pineapple sauce and the banh cuon. They also make a great banh mi. But really..I don't think you can go wrong with anything you order!
The one downside is that the place occasionally smells like mildew-y rag, pretty gross...but not bad enough to deter me from patronizing this establishment.