Really like this place a lot.  Stopped by on the recommendation of an acquaintance.  I was complaining about the quality of the fruit in my local grocery and small farm market stores and she suggested I try this place.  She explained it was primarily a Russian market and that she personally felt out of place.  I did not feel out of place at all.  I am always comfortable where ever good food abounds, and such is the case with Net cost.  The fruit was wonderful - Tuscan cantaloupes, white donut peaches, multiple varieties of plums, pears and more apple varieties  then one could count.  On my first trip I visited olive and pickle counter, the bakery and the pastry counter.  I found all the staff to be helpful and albeit not overly friendly everyone was polite and I had absolutely no problem understanding the staff or being understood.  Food is an international language and pointing at what  you want with a smile goes a long way.  I have been visiting weekly to check out the fruit and usually walk out with a few pounds of yummy sweetness.  The prices are very reasonable, much of the fruit is grown in the USA and they have a decent organic section with a good variety of options.  I am less enamored with the vegetables, which are fine, but given all the wonderful local farms stands now going on in the city I will not be buying any supermarket produce well into October.I have to second Amy's review. This is a great little market. 
It helps if you can speak Russian, but the signage is in English as well so do not be put off by that.
They have the best prices in the area for deli items. No question if you want quality cheeses or deli meats then you cannot beat their pricing. Some other little Russian markets in the area  have better prepared food but Net Cost's are still pretty good.
There are other little stores you can cheaper produce at but they will not have the same selection. 
They have a whole aisle dedicated to tea! A wide selection of brands & varieties to choose from. Most of the cheaper than if you bought them anywhere else. It would be redundant to go into more details about their selection since Amy G. did such a thorough job already.Hello comrade.  I'm going to tell you what to expect when visiting for the first time.  The store smells like dill.  You probably have never seen this much pickled, cold smoked, and cured items all in one place before.  There's an entire aisle dedicated to fruit juice.  Sea buckthorn juice is very viscous and sour.  There will be gross dudes and attractive women dressed to the nines throughout the store.  Five inch stilettos and grocery shopping just happens here.  Try not to smile or show any emotion on your face, you'll stick out and might bring attention.  Ordering anything from the deli is very intimidating if you can't speak the language.
I go to Net Cost every other month and I still haven't had a clue.  I think I need a Russian chaperone.Love the location and the selection. The place is always so clean with very friendly staff. I went there at 1am before an it was still a pleasant experience. The cheese selection is very overwhelming but great at the same time.This is paradise on earth. I love smoked fish and caviar, and I left here with a car full of it. Thank God this place exists. I can't wait to come back again next weekend.What more can be said about this place that has not already been said?   Net Cost pretty much has it all and has become a money printing business for the owners.  Once they arrived on the scene years ago, Net Cost put all of the local mom and pop Russian mini-markets in the area out of business.  I was there today (12/31/13) and it was a zoo - mobbed!   
Since the Somerton location has been doing gangbuster business from day one, they are planning to open a second Philly location in Spring 2014 at Blue Grass Plaza where the old Shop'N Bag used to be (right behind Casino Deli).   I predict they will do well there as well.Rich variety of food and produce!!! 
Not cheap but one can find a really good food! Deli is very good! Fish caviar salads very fresh! 
It also has some european produce , choco cakes etc. 
Bakery is nice too! The best cake that they have is called "lakomka/pcholka, (with almonds) smetannik"! Amazing taste!The supposed mecca of the Russian food stores celebrated its  fifth year in Philly this year. Starting in New York and working its way to our neck of the woods, this cornucopia of Slavic wonder was clearly, since its inception, intended to be the one stop shopping powerhouse among the Eastern Europen community of Philadelphia. Has it achieved that goal? Is it the place to shop for all your Eastern Europian goodies, be they kielbasa, shishlik, Keifer, Kvas or mildly confusing food description translations in form of deli counter signs?
Or is this just another Russian food mart in what is sometimes affectionately, and sometimes not so affectionately, called the Kiev village?
Well, the simple answer to these questions is this: When you try to be everything to everybody something gets lost in the translation, shall we say. 
Though the store sells ethnic food, the trend it has followed over the years is all too akin to American supermarkets. That is to say, the effort and ingredient quality has suffered in attempts to maximize profit  to such a degree that, in my humble opinion, the end product is at times not worth the asking price when taking into account places such as Bell's Market. Its important to note that this criticism is squarely directed at the the prepared foods section in the store, and though I feel this section is the center of such a stores appeal for most folks, it in no way reflects upon the rest of the stores many other offers. 
There are many items that are quite good scattered throughout the store; The smoked duck breast, for example,  which can be found in the vacuum sealed meats freezer area. Though rich, it is a can't miss if you enjoy smoked meats and are not opposed to treating yourself. Another nice item is the 100% not from concentrate pomegranate juice which NetCost carries. A very good value, especially when compared to something like POM, a from concentrate juice which is still more expensive.
Furthermore, this is not to say that the store's prepared food is terrible, but rather, over time has gotten less diverse and complex while , in efforts to stay competitive, allowing cheaper ingredient occasionally creep in. (i.e using more flour and less cheese when making sweeten cheese paddies ) As Zanna H. summarized " Some other little Russian markets in the area  have better prepared food but Net Cost's are still pretty good."
So,on the whole, an excursion here is worthwhile, but if your making the trip from someplace other then the northeast then you might as well go to the comparability sized, previously mentioned, Bell's Market.I come to NetCost every couple of weeks, perhaps twice a month, to re stock my fridge on Eastern European/Armenian Delights. I love this place for their Hungarian Salami, Armenian Blinza, Pickled Korean Carrot Salad, the wide selection of delicious caviar, bread, and perogies. The list just goes on. 
This place has been approved by my Ukrainian mom; so I know it must good. 
Knowing Russian is not a pre-requisite.Going to this grocery store is like going on a vacation to a foreign country! It is a trip. Everyone there is Russian, shoppers and employees, even the intercom telling the specials is in Russian. A lot of the signs and foods are also not in english. But I don't go there to buy bananas on sale - I go there to gawk at the crazy foods (and some people - some of the women are dressed like 80s hookers). I always covertly take a few photos of cow feet, head cheese, ice cream with hammers and sickles, a million kinds of sausages. 
I also buy a lot of random crap because most of this stuff is super cheap. There's half an aisle devoted only to pickles (and pickled watermelon!) and they are about $2 a jar. Also, the candy section is out of control, it is huge! and they have bulk candies as well. 
I've read some reviews that yelpers were intimidated by the deli or bakery staff. It is intimidating because the names of the items are foreign (in name and in look) but everyone there has always been very nice and patient, even if their grasp on english isn't perfect - they seem to be fine with 'us'. 
The deli counter is always mobbed, so i've never bought artisan sausages or cheese. There is even an olive bar! 
Netcost is the size of a small Acme, so it's not a mom and pop small specialty store. I always end up spending at least an hour in here just browsing. We do end up buying a lot of assorted stuff, much of which we have very little idea what it is. But it is all very inexpensive and that is half the fun. 
So i dont go here to do my 'real' grocery shopping, but I buy lots of odd snacks, fresh bakery items, weird jarred stuff ($1.20 for rhubarb jam!).
If you find yourself in the NE do yourself a favor and take the trip!When my family first moved to the area, we went to this market.
Very good prices and fresh food. A bakery, a selection of freshly cut meat and hot food. I would recommend going here. There are very interesting Russian foods, such as Russian sodas that are very delicious. Very clean. The deli is the best part. Fresh meats. Excellent.As the main competition for Bell's Market, I had to check it out.  Newer building, more brightly lit and offering a larger prepared foods section.   Like Bell's, this store is a veritable worldwide food tour.   I could spend hours at Net Cost roaming the aisles looking at the exotica while trying to design suitable recipes to make the newly discovered ingredient shine.   Juice selection appears to be smaller than Bell's but the pickle bar is larger.   My purchases to date have been limited to pre-packaged items, so I cannot comment on the employees' willingness to assist customers or their facility with English.   I look forward to providing an update that addresses those issues.   
N.B.  Be aware that the parking lot is a little challenging to navigate and some drivers make slick moves as they search for a spot.This is the closest I can get to Europe when not traveling abroad. It's like a museum to me since they shelf many European food items which I'm not used to seeing in a regular supermarket. Prefer this establishment over Bell's Market due to it's lighting, spaciousness, wide varieties to choose from, and overall buying experience.So I feel compelled to update this review for several reasons:
1 - the general rudeness level of the staff has gone up - the tellers are generally listless and couldn't care about their job but are mostly friendly -the deli staff are gruff if you don't speak Russian - I am too the point where I really don't go near the deli unless I have a Russian speaker with me (I understand and can speak elementary level Russian) - too much hassle for mediocre foods. Sometime I make a game out of it and ask for things in English and then answer the gruff responses with a sweet perfectly pronounced Thank you in Russian. Petty? Maybe but it makes it tolerable. And there there is the management which are outright rude - this leads to #2
2 - don't try to take any pictures - for some reason this is taboo - which gives the impression that they are trying to obscure something about the place. I took one picture and got accosted by the manager who just kept telling me "no pictures" in Russian. I know this person can speak English - I've seen them do it - but he refused to and just droned on. I left.
3 - selection changes - tea/coffee section reduced a good bit - but still a larger selection then anywhere else in the far Northeast part of Philly. 
4 - they now have a discount card like all the other supermarkets in the area.Was going to Bells market before I found this place(thanks to Yelp and Yelpers!)One of the best Russian markets I've been to in US. Clean, current interior, very well organized, huge variety of fresh, carefully selected and packed food, deli , bakery, and smoked fish department, fresh meat and poultry.Friendly service and great prices.Very unusual super market.  Unbelievable selections in dessert type foods.  If you don't speak Russian, it can be uncomfortable, but worth it for the awesome selection of foods the local Giant or Acme will never carry.  Don't drive by without taking a few minutes to experience this place and learn what foods it has to offer.  It is a 'super'market you have to visit to understand.Chiming in with the third 5 star review. If you are looking for all things Russian, or even a good selection of Israeli, then this place is a virtual smorgasborg. Authentic is the right word. They've got all the aisles of packaged and dry goods, a pastry and deli counter with ethnic specialties, and even a pieorogy case. Out of the way for Center City folk, but worth the trip if you are looking for something specific, or just want to take a mini-vacation to Russia.The end-all be-all coolest food store in Philadelphia, except maybe for DiBruno's. Of course it's like 8x the size of DiBruno's. This is a big, gorgeous supermarket catering to the tastes of Russian, Ukranian, and other European emigrees, but unless you have the boringest, most close-minded interest in trying new foods in the world, you will find lots of great, yummy, cool stuff here to buy. Even if you don't like anything interesting, the prices on good fresh breads, and even more so the prices on produce will FLOOR YOU they are, for the most part, so competitive and impressive. I bought a whole pineapple here, about 2 months ago, for one dollar. That is not the standard price - it was a special - but still! And things like lemons and limes are several for a dollar, often a fraction of what you pay per piece for these in regular supermarkets. And they have neat selections of vegetables, like orange beets and 2 colors of Kohlrabi. 
The cheese section is amazing. A competitive price on Rembrandt and Prima Donna goudas (very delicious, high end goudas - yum, again), and you have never seen so many varieties of feta, - fresh feta, yet - in your life. If you worked at a feta museum, I bet they'd have less feta variety there - Bulgarian, French, Romanian, Israeli, Turkish, Greek of course, and on and on and on. Had to be like 10 to 15 types in the case. Just ... yum!
The bakery ... the bakery is honestly dangerous bc there are so many delicious things there - breads and pastries - that you can easily find yourself later in the day after a trip feeling a little ashamed of your carb/calorie consumption. But amazing fresh bread. And they'll slice anything for you. I also love these cookies there that look like large versions of my grandmother's German Kipfel - powdered sugar, melt-against-your-teeth flaky, buttery dough, and a little jelly in the middle. 
The white fish salad was very good, and very well-priced. ($6.99 a lb. I think it was.) Also from that prepared foods case I got some beet and parsley salad (see - healthy! Totally cancels out the calories in all that cheese, right?) ... 
At Christmas they have the neatest selection of chocolate Santas and also chocolates shaped like lady bugs, animals (several cute versions of sheep!) and other neat shapes in decorative foil-design wrappers. I am familiar with these types of decorated variations on the more familiar santas/easter bunnies, from visits to Germany. It's a European thing. And a lot of the chocolates are German. Some are from elsewhere, though, and though some of these are still tasty, be wary of buying some of the mixed (very cute) bags and decorative boxes of chocolates and candies made in the former Soviet states, unless you are just buying them for the cuteness factor to give to kids who will not know the difference and just think the presentation is cool. Some of the Eastern-block chocolates are pretty lame, probably based on low standards that go back to the Iron Curtain years when consumers didn't have much choice. 
I could go on and on, but I will run out of allowed character space, probably, and all this talk of food is making me hungry for a snack, anyway. 
Oh - one caveat - there is no public bathroom. But if you are pleasant, and offer to buy something, they have been known to let you use the Dunkin Donuts bathroom nextdoor w/out requiring you to even buy something. Otherwise, the Home Depot at the other end of the parking lot won't even blink about using their very nice bathrooms. (Bel's Market, this store's major area competitor, does have a public bathroom, which was quite nice after a remodel a few years ago, but since has become perpetually trashed and gross in a don't even know where to comfortably put my purse down kind of way. I'd much rather use the Home Depot bathroom, than bother with a bathroom in this supermarket, if it were to turn into anything like the icky situation at Bel's has devolved into.) 
Ok. Enough said. For now.I wanted to give an American perspective on Net Cost.  I am not Russian and I do not speak the language.  I have been to Russia twice but that is the extent of my experience.  I love Net Cost Market.  It can be intimidating at first but the staff is really nice and they do mostly speak english.  If you encounter someone who doesn't, you usually can just point to what you want.  The produce is very cheap with a great selection.  If you are buying fruit, you may have to examine a bit closer than at an american market but the deals are amazing.  The breads from the bread counter are also awesome and very reasonable.  They will slice too if you want.  The deli is very cheap and they do have regular american stuff as well as more exotic meats.  The prepared food is an adventure.  I try a few different things every time.  Just be aware that, unless its a pickled salad, we are not talking low fat here.  My two other favorite items to buy here are juices (huge selection including nectars) and jarred pickles.  Lately, they have not have the spicy ones my family loves but they have an absolute ton of varieties and pickled veggies too at rock bottom prices.  The main thing I want to try and have not to date is the smoked fish.  They have a huge fish selection, both fresh and smoked.  I'm just not exactly sure what I want so I have held off.  But, its on my list to try at my next visit.  
Foodies- go, you will love the experience and the food.Netcost has been on my list of places to check out for a while. While it's not typically convenient to get there, I've noted plenty of the reviews that discuss the breadth of ethnic food they stock. If you're looking for Eastern European foods - and a really broad selection thereof- this is definitely a place you want to stop at. It's grocery destination shopping. The sausage /cured meat, cheese, caviar, smoked and picked fish, and the pickle selection alone are worth the trip. 
It's easy to forget that you're in the US, as Slavic languages abound - over the loudspeaker and all around you. People watching is the second most fun thing here, as well as attempting to converse with the staff. Prices are pretty decent, but they do very as any as in any store.
If your venturous from a culinary perspective, and like to try new things or even Eastern European versions of things you had before, then I suggest making a stop here at least once.This place is a trip, and by that I mean a trip right straight to Moscow.   Amazing selection of Russian and Eastern European food.  Go there for authentic black bread, caviar, smoked salmon or eel, real Russian sour cream.   It's amazing.You can find most Russian and Eastern European food here. Prices are reasonable and the selection is amazing.Best Russian grocery store in Philly. Big variety, good prices and staff.Very extensive international supermarket. Many fresh prepared foods, meats and cheeses. I felt like a stranger in a strange land navigating around trying to find the basics. Got some lamb kabobs, flat breads, taziki sauce and lots of fruits and veggies. I'm going back for sure with a Russian friend who can help me to better shop their extensive options!I love this place. The veggies and fruits tend to be a bit higher than other markets but the deli and fresh meat department are amazing. The cheese aisle has so much variety and way cheaper than if you were to go anywhere else. I frequent this place several times a month, I stock up on items that I can't find anywhere elseWhile planning to stop by Bell's market on Bustleton Ave.today I was talked into going to  Net Cost instead.
My Russian friend insisted.
I  was told in a rather thick accent  "they have nicer people here" ? 
What the heck does that mean,?? but having gone to neither before I took my Russian friends advice and went to Net Cost.
My goal was to find wonderful Rye bread and pickles similar to what I remember loving in central Europe.
.I did find a lovely array of fresh baked breads and bought a large loaf that I had sliced for under $4.00.  I went next to the bread dept and got 1lb. of sour pickles for$1.27.  A very good price but not nearly as sour or dill flavored as what you would get at a deli like Ben and Irv's but not bad just different.
 I found an entire aisle devoted just to pickles and pickle products.
Aww now this is heaven for a pickle freak like me.
I next bought a large jar of cornichons a tiny dill pickle that I pay way too much for from France when I go to Trader Joe's.
Here they were around $1.50 for a 32 oz jar from a company called RTS. The product is from Israel and packed in India. 
               It's Fantastic!
Sorry France, you just got your butt beat by Israel.
I will no longer pay close to $5.00 for 6.oz of your not as yummy product.
This jar of Cornichon's from Israel is all natural ,no preservatives.
The ingredients are simply cucumbers , water , salt , vinegar, dill and garlic.
Prices on some items are a real deal.   I saw jams from Europe for
 99 cents, but I also saw other items that were clearly higher priced than at most other markets.    If you know your prices or just want special treats this place is a winner.   Be warned !!! They have a guard with a gun up front that calls everyone baby.He was surprised when I answered back in English. He was  really friendly..Actually talked to me about being originally from Brooklyn ,New York.
Just the gun was strange to see so boldly on display for a burb dweller like me.Only grocery store I go to in philly! Not only so they have American good but Russian food as well!! They have everything I ever need.Pros: good prices on fresh produce, varieties of cottage/farmers cheeses.
Cons: no public bathrooms (I was nine months pregnant and they didn't let me in the employees only bathroom), easy to pick very close to expiration date items, very grumpy customers. Last time I went with a friend and security told her that he's going to ask her to show her backpack. And he did. Vey unpleasant. He's lucky he didn't ask me. Management has a right to ask, and customer has a right to refuse. If the security suspects someone in shop lifting, only police has a right to look in people's bags.due to the slowness in the NE store, I believe daily meat section is not very fresh, I bought some kolbasi a day ago and it already started getting foul odor and white coat, it never happened in the store where it is always busy, I think the business does not go very well in this store and it affects quality of the products as well, sad reality, I love this store and I think it is amazing but it is competitive to Bell's market 7 minutes from there where majority of the customers come from Cottman avenue area (polish, ukrainians), this welsh rd location althought not far it is still not very popular for russiona speaking population, they still go to Net Cost on Leo mall where it is a completely different story, always busy.  Welsh rd store is occupied by not russian speaking customers and they are always amazed what great store it is but from what I see sadly it is not very busy.Great selection, they even export food from Russian Crimea!Love this place for their breads. I even found german bauernbrot! And I get pretty pissed off if I can't find good bread, so this place is a blessing. They also have a good selection of german tea and other products. The deli is great too.If you live in Philly and have a craving for food from Eastern Europe and Russia, this is your spot.  From the prepared foods section to the pickle bar to the entire aisle devoted to different types of dumplings, this place is amazing.  I lived in Riga, Latvia for a semester and get nostalgic on occasion.  Net Cost stocks many of the same brands that I came to love in Riga, including dark sourdough rye bread, and Karums, the amazing cheesecake bites.  It's a trek from Center City but well worth the drive.This place is incredible. For anyone who appreciates international groceries, Eastern European cuisine, and copious amounts of pickles and prepared foods then this place is for you! Whether or not you've got some Eastern European blood in you, this place is legit for a variety of resources: a really good ( and fair-priced) produce section, expansive deli stocked with smoked and cured sausages and meats (pork lovers will swoon,) and prepared foods and bakery departments which are both just incredible. From both hot and cold dishes, they've got a variety of traditional Russian/Polish/Eastern European items on their bars, perfect for an adventurous eater, along with a bunch of freshly prepared vegetables, salads, and pickles... And when I say PICKLES, I mean in every-way imaginable. They even had pickled apples and pears?!? Their bakery is a sweet-tooth's dream, stocked full with beautiful cakes, pastries and house-made/local breads. They've got inner-aisles packed with products that will have any foodie oohing and ahhing- I could have spent days in their condiment aisle alone. Oh yeah, and they've got two full aisles dedicated to chocolate and candy. Again, don't miss out on this place if you are in the area. Just wish I lived closer.STAY AWAY FAKE CAVIAR!
I do my grocery shopping in Netcost every now and then. So far, I loved it for an opportunity to get imported Russian food, but this time I've been totally pissed off by sneaky stuff they do over there. On a week of New Year, they put a promotion for canned red caviar 3 for $10 (regular 3 for $20, 50% off). So cheap! The legitimate comment would be "there is only free cheese in a mouse trap". And that is so true, but lately Russian Ruble dropped almost twice compare to US dollar. And here was my explanation: since Ruble dropped, the caviar could cost cheaper. As you could assume that was not a case. Once I opened a can, I could say there is something wrong: caviar is too red (looks like it has artificial dyes), each single caviar is two times smaller in a size than it's suppose to be (not salmon caviar?), once I put a bit on crepes - it resulted in huge amount of weird juice. Also caviar by itself was not springy at all.  And taste... ew! Not what I knew before.  When I looked what was written on the can - nothing wrong: product of Russia, Sakhalin (where it's suppose to be produced). But distributed somewhere in Brooklyn. I wish I saved a receipt. 
So the bottom line is when shop in Netcost:
-make sure you save a receipt
-returns could be made within 48 hrs
-take a moment to read where particular item comes from 
Good luck!Excellent location. Insanly large selection. Delicious prepared food and deserts.
As a Ruski, it's easy to distinguish authentic/well prepared russian comfort foods and Net Cost is on target. The katleti are grade A and the salads are always fresh. There is nothing this store does not have. Its a prime destination for 1 stop shopping. From groceries to produce to breads to deli to prepared food, this place has it all. Everything is neat and clean and presented very attractively. I do, however stay away from the desert area....because everything is amazing and I must watch my girlish figure. 
For an outsider (any non ex-soviet or european) I would suggest avoiding Net Cost on the weekends to evade the Housewives of Northeast Philly fashion shows. But this place REALLY sets a high standard for Russian markets in Philly and 100% lives up to all the hype.I do love everything about this market but the one thing that is lacking is costumer service is was looking for orange juice for 10 minutes then decided to ask someone and spent 10 minutes looking for someone that can help then I finally found someone and when I asked she and she showed it to me but spending 10 minutes for one item to ask is to much I think.My wife is originally from a FSU country so we go here about once a month and blow about $200 on all kinds of goodies. It's generally more expensive than Bell's but is located in a nicer area and the premises are well maintained. If you like trying out new foods I highly recommend this place. I always get a good laugh when they have euro techno playing ...... unh tiss unh tiss....Most time everything is okay, customer service acceptable, cashiers nice and food is very good. They are not perfect, but they are working on it.This is my second time shopping in the Manalapan NJ NetCost. I admit I read reviews and felt a little intimidated to shop there. However my daughter and I ventured in one day almost like tourists in a foreign land. Much to our delight the store was bright and clean ( not like the foreign grocery stores I knew from Queens). The produce was fresh, colorful and the prepared foods were beautifully laid out. We tried several salads and of course chocolates at home. Loved the freshness of the salads and have since gone back for more. The chocolates with their beautiful pictures were hit or miss. I'll have to keep trying them I guess. There are sooo many! All of the staff I spoke to were very pleasant and helpful. I enjoyed seeing how many varieties of pickled foods, farmer cheeses, and other foods there were. I'd love to go back with a translator to see what I'm missing. Definitely a store to shop at.After having lived in post soviet land and Istanbul for a number of years, I have an affinity for eats that are hard to come by. And they're pretty much all here....beet salad, red pickled cabbage, xachapuri, potato/mushroom cheese wraps and ravioli, soft farmer cheese 'salad' with herbs, chorchella (totally not spelling these things right), borjomi, tkemali (spicy, red and green, I'll take all three, thaaaanks!), the better variations of baklava, little smoked fishies, lobio salad, ayran, egg plant salad done right, turkish pide bread, small halva treats with sesame seeds...
There's a decent section of organic produce and hard-to-come-by dairy (ayran, pequea yogurt, kefir cheese, etc). 
The bakery section...
I don't see myself staying away for any sort of extended period.My wife and I love this super market. We go there every other week. The reason is that they bring food from Israel in great prices. The vegetables and fruits are very fresh which makes it very easy to shop there. They have chocolate from all over the world in great quality.They just don't sell much in the way of toiletries/paper products. But the rest is a nice selection of Organic and healthy food options.A clean grocery store that you'd never guess had Russian things when you look at it from the outside. 
Good deals with a store card, which they'll probably scan at the front even if you don't! Many types of candies, pilmenys, dumplings, meats, cheeses, salads, and more! The entire buffet made me wish I hadn't eaten directly before. Pierogis, gelatinous salads with meat and food inside, cookies, fish, soups, everything my friends saw in Russia was here! The buffet price by the pound was reasonable and diverse. From the bakery, I got a chocolate croissant, and though it looked different than usual, it was as soft and chocolatey as I wanted. The baked pierogi was sweet, filled with potato, and definitely something I'd want to try with cheese or other meat inside. They've got the ingredients to fix up anything from Eastern Europe that you've been craving, or if you'd just like some burgers and fries, the price is right for that too. I wish it was closer!Well known to every Russian in Philadelphia is Netcost Market, a supermarket that specializes in Eastern European foods. Its a market we may have imagined when we still lived in Russia had markets actually stocked food instead of the basic staples like bread and milk. This is destination shopping for every foodie in the know and daily shopping for the thousands of Russians who live in North East Philadelphia. While some items cater strictly to their Russian clients, there is something here for every taste and appetite.
The first sensation you feel when you enter this store is strong smell of hearty black bread and dill. There is an entire row of jarred pickled foods and a fresh dill bar. Here you can find 4 or 5 kinds of pickled mushrooms, a few varieties of pickled eggplant, tomatoes, watermelon rind, and even pickled sardines. There is an entire smoked fish section with a choice of cold-smoked or hot-smoked fish of your choosing. The deli case has both traditional favorites like Boar's Head and unique Russian items like cured Salo. There is a caviar station with at least a dozen varieties of caviar sold by the ounce and canned caviar ready to bring as a gift to a special gathering. While caviar is not cheap anywhere, you'll find the cost is a small fraction of what you would pay elsewhere. 
The store is a unique cultural phenomenon. Here you will be surrounded by a sea of people, some with hardened Eastern European faces, some dressed like models with high heels. Everyone speaks Russian and will assume you do too. As an outsider it may sound like they're yelling at each other. The signs are in Russian and the loud speaker announcements are only Russian as well. This store is a must visit for the adventurous foodie.I like this place with the variety they have. The only thing I don't like is that one of the staff behind the cake and pastery counter doesn't greet you no matter what, doesn't smile and most importantly she insists on answering your English questions in Russian. I will make sure to read her name next time I go. I sometimes feel like I don't want to go there because of her.There are other Russian food options in area. I work hard and a lot for my money. I like to build a good relationship with the businesses I frequent. The level of rudeness caused me to stop shopping at NetCost. Like I started with, there are other Russsian food options in the area.We like to shop here. Good selection of different products from all over the world. Awesome deli , fresh produce, and delicious deserts! Worth your time and money.Place has some great products but the staff is very rude they don't like anyone who's not Russian lol or Uzbek they stare you down too.I am sitting here writing this review thinking about the market and I am literally excited about going back to try everything else. This is the best market that I happened to stumble upon since first walking into trader Joe's many many moons ago. Great selection of smoked meats and fish. A fantastic soup selection and prepared foods. The ravioli section is fantastic, oh and did I mention they have an olive bar that puts Wegmans to shame. Seriously, check out this market, even if you don't need groceries because I promise you will find something you want. They have a huge selection of fresh fruits and veggies at fantastic prices, I was doing a double take the whole time. So far I've eaten half of the fruits I bought and they are fantastic.Good selection of Russian food, but rude and aggressive staff.This place is pretty funny. Everyone there speaks Russian and they look at you like you are strange if you speak to them in English. They also may or may not understand you. Regardless, the food is great. They carry like 100 different kinds of feta cheese and classify them by their nationality. Lots of teas too. This is the best place in Philadelphia to go shopping for Eastern European groceries.Not friendly. Good products. But food in the fridge needs to be checked for expiration including bakery items.The Net Cost Market always seems to be bustling with activity when I go there, and for a good reason - they have a large selection of just about everything. Usually it's the deli counter that is the most crowded; you will have to take a ticket if you want to be served, but that is understandable because they have a wide variety of meats and cheeses on display. To give you an idea of their stock, I saw at least 10 different types of salami when I went there today.
They have a large selection of tea: Numi, Republic of Tea, Twinings, Adagio*, and some more obscure brands. However, the area with the Republic of Tea products is a little bit tight since it's on a separate shelf right next to the other teas in the same aisle.
My only issue with this place is their baked goods section. Their Unknown Pastry #21 did not have a description and when I ate it, the cake was dry and the lemon meringue was unexpected. The store clerk seemed impatient, seeing as she skipped to the next person while I was asking her questions. Before that, I got a French Napoleon which, aside from the chocolate frosting and raspberry jam(?), was utterly tasteless. I have had better luck at the Bell's Corner Market; I've only had the Italian Napoleon, which at least tasted like a dessert rather than a bunch of ingredients slapped together.
In short: Net Cost Market has a lot of good products, but their baked goods aren't a part of that category; go to the Bell's Corner Market for that. 
*Net Cost Market seems to buy things from various places and sell them in their store. I remember seeing Kirkland brand chocolates, which are only available at Costco. Although Adagio has retail stores now, they are actual retail stores and not simply stores that happen to carry Adagio tea. Also the Palmer Valentines Lips looked oddly out of place with the rest of their chocolates.The products and some prices are great, but service are terible. Be aware if you don't speek Russian :-/If you like to purchase spoiled food and than get laughed by a manager of the store than this store is for you.
I purchased to peaces of a cake, one of those were spoiled. I through out the spoiled peace, so I or anyone in my household would get sick from it. I did keep the receipt, do I can address it next time I'm at the store.
Few days later I came to the store and was told that I need to speak to a manager, manager came up and I explained to him what happened, so instead of apologising to me, he laughed in my face because I didn't bring the spoiled peace for him to taste or whatever he wanted to do with it. 
So basically I came back there to still a $4.00 peace of cake or that what he implied, so he laughed at me and told me he can't do anything for me.
"Great customer service"I had a terrible experience here and won't go back. A female employee, possibly a manager got in my face, really close, during the time of Covid19. It was horrifying and outrageous. 
I really like the other NetCost market on Welsh rd. and go there just about every week. But I'll review that one separately. It's amazing how one person can ruin a store for you. But I've spoken to other people and they've also said that the employees there have an attitude.Decided we would check out Russian North East Philadelphia and wanted to go to a Russian supermarket.This was a last minute unplanned adventure and I wasn't sure where to go.Again , Yelp to the rescue ! I found it through Yelp and Yelp got me here.The selection of Kvass is awesome!Admittedly I don't like Kvass but  Levin in Anna Karenina discovers it and if it's good enough for him , it probably should be for me.Lots of smoked fish, desert items and Birch Juice! and pine nuggets! Lots of tea and keffir! It was fun.Ukrainian candy ,Lithuanian cheese and Uzbek rice- you can't get these at 7-11!I love the bread and bakery section of this store, they have some pretty cheap fruit and veggies and you can find some special deals in the end caps at the front of the store. 
I wasn't a huge fan of this place because I had some issues with the employees- but when I come I just try to get in and out. 
They now have a store card that you need to have in order to get the deals. 
I still have some issues every now and again with rude employees but for the most part I wouldn't stop shopping here occasionally for my bread fix. The bakery section sells fresh bread, and I found a really good French baguette that brings me back to when I was in France with my sister. 
This place must be doing something right- because they are always packed with people, the parking lot is crazy hectic and you gotta watch out for the A*hole drivers, but if you get past all that and make it in to the store- you can find some really neat things.A very nice, clean Russian and eastern European oriented  supermarket with friendly, helpful staff. Some of the staff only speak Russian, but if you don't they will direct you to those fluent in English. This place is quite large and has a good selection of produce, a huge deli, bakery, all kinds of cheeses and dairy products, tons of Russian and east European chocolates, all kinds of wonderful things.. And unlike the Russian stores in NYC, you can easily drive to this one and they have a large parking lot, in fact it is in a highly automobile oriented strip mall land area of northeast Philadelphia (the Russian neighborhood on Bustleton), so driving is your best option to get here.  I came with a list of stuff my Russian friend in Virginia (which does not have full sized Russian supermarkets like this) wanted me to get them and the staff were very helpful in locating the products I needed and identifying what was best ..  What I don't get about this place is the amazingly uncreative name and the fact that nothing about the name, sign, or external appearance reveals to one in any way that this is basically a Russian grocery store, I would think they would want to advertise that better...I really love Netcost!!! It's a great supermarket, with many great fresh offerings which I really love. the smoked fishes that they offer are just incredible!!!! they also have a great deli, great produce and many Russian eastern European offerings that you just cant find anywhere else. They also have a crazy cake selection that is really respectable. I cant figure out what the deal is, but the cakes are really good, especially the tiramisu. They also have very good prices here as well. and lastly the bakery area does incredible sourdough breads....hint , all the breads are sourdough so grab anything in the bakery, it's all good for you and it's all fresh!!!Wow what a cool store my Ukrainian grandmother and Polish grandfather would have loved this place. If you are looking for anything Russian, Polish or Eastern European this is definitely the store to go. 
I have never seen so many different brands of Kielbasa and pierogies in my life. If someone did not know better they would think that they were at a grocery store in Russia
The bakery was amazing the loaves of bread were labeled by country. I picked up a sourdough bread and sunflower seed bread that were both out of this world.
The prices also cannot be beat Krakus cookies 2 for $1, Salmon fillet $5.99/lb, Finlandia butter $2.49  Akbar tea 2 for $1.
I was so excited to find things that I have not had since early childhood. 
Cannot wait to try the homemade potato and cheese pierogies and birch juice that I picked up.
Next time I will bring a bigger cooler only wish that I lived closer as I would be there all the time.Every time I go there hoping the place has changed, it's a stress. The items don't have corresponding price tags, price tags are missing, cashiers don't know the prices and always overcharge. Couple times I has surprise items in my receipts that didn't buy. Manager Victoria is incredible rude.
I do not recommend this store.We were going to Bell's Market for a while to get our fix of European food until someone told us about this place. It is not as big as Bell's Market and I am super bad at pricing because I buy whatever I want without looking at the price to be honest with you, so I cannot really tell you if it is cheaper or not. It is a lot more convenient and close for me to shop here. It is very clean, they have fresh produce and fruits. I took my parents here to shop and they loved the bread. This is a Russian supermarket but with many European types of food. If you like chocolate and junk food, they have a really good selection. Some of the Euro brand chocolates are a tad different then the American chocolates and are super yummy! What is also interesting is they have a section of dried fruits and nuts. It's a nice selection. They have a deli department. And let me tell you, the aroma alone will knock you off your socks. The quality of meats is awesome! They also have juices that you cannot get in a regular grocery. All kinds of them. They have European style juices that is more of a thick nectar juice. It is very good as well. One of the things I missed over in Europe were some of these juices. There is plenty of parking and the buffet across the parking lot is actually pretty good!
They now have this Aloe drink that is so yummy! and only $1.99.  Just be careful, there is one with sugar and the other is all good stuff and no sugar.  My mom is diabetic and I got her some and she just loves it.  Even the regular version of the drink only has 9g sugar.Great variety of European and International food. Fresh Produce always stocked including the amazing deli counters, wonderful bread variety and delicious cakes and pastry.
So glad that we found this amazing store they have two locations but this one is bigger and has a better variety of international food.
We always come here for the great deli selections and of course the bread the" AMAZING BREAD variety".
The produce is fresh they are always stocked you can see this since the friendly employees are constantly filling up and cleaning the aisles maintaining a clean store.
You will not be disappointed if you come here I can highly recommend it. 
Our trip to this location is usually stocking up on deli cuts, fresh bread, salads, fresh produce, international food including their great selections of dairy and meat products.Da!
This is an amazing place.  It is like someone took a shovel and dug up an entire Russian market, air lifted it, and dropped it in northern Philly.
Don't shy away if you don't know Russian or are afraid that you'll be confused about what to buy.  The selection is huge, the prices are great, and it is an adventure.  Foodies will be in heaven.
They have a nice produce section.  Of course they have dill.  However, they also have a little bit of everything you'd expect.  Great fruits.  A wide variety of vegetables.  All at good prices.
They have a huge selection of deli meats and cheeses.  They have home cooked prepared foods that you just need to take home and heat up - such as shashlik, cooked chicken, cutlets, etc.  They also have fantastic salads that far exceed the typical American selection of potato, egg, macaroni, and cole slaw options.  You can also buy fresh pickles that appear to have been made by the ladies manning the stall.  I picked up a quart of half sours and they are fantastic - the pickles even have the flowers still attached at the ends.  They also make an incredible pickled cherry tomato.
You can also find smoked fish, caviar, and beautiful pastries - all at great prices.  They have a huge selection of sausages, salamis, smoked meats, and cheeses - including a large selection of home made cheeses.  They have European style butter, Greek style yogurt, pilmeni, frozen desserts, breads, nuts, dried fruits, "exotic" meats, etc.
They have one side of an entire aisle dedicated to "sok" (juice).  You have your standard apple, pineapple, and banana - but you'll also find pear, peach, cherry, pomegranate, currant, mixed fruits, tropical fruits, vitamin enhanced juices, etc.
You can find a huge selection of jarred pickles, sauces, spreads, etc.  They have the widest selection of teas that I have seen.  They have hot and cold cereals, crackers, cookies, and a veritable Willy Wonka aisle of chocolates and candies.  You can get mixes for blini and plov.  There are spices and spice mixes.  It is truly amazing.
Their frozen pilmeni comes in the widest assortment I've seen in the states.
There is even a book/magazine store close to the cash registers so you can pick up something to read on your ride home.
The Russian music (pop and classical) as well as the announcements (made in Russian) add to the cultural experience.  If you can read Cyrillic things are a little easier because so many things are similar.  For non-Russian speakers, rest assured, many of the shelved items also have English labels added so you know what you're buying.
Honestly, they don't have everything you'd find in a large Russian market but they do have a lot and they also have a lot of things from other countries like German Chocolates, oriental teas, and Polish Relishes.  They even have a small assortment of American items.  It really meets the needs of transplanted Eastern Europeans.
Overall, two thumbs waaaay up.  Worth a drive from Harrisburg every few months.
So two thumbs up.  I'll go have a glass of kefir and some tea with whortleberries.