Delish! Great homemade roast beef on nice bun. I recommend extra gravy! Only thing I would change is maybe slice a tad thinner.  The place itself is basically a corner bar but it has tables in the back with attentive waitress.my favorite sandwich and the gravy fries.. amazing. yum!Stopped in for lunch with some buds from work during a business trip. Local bar with a reputation for a good pit beef sandwich.  Got mine with a topper of broccoli rabe on top. The tables have some horseradish sauce to add as well. Sandwich was great. We split an order of gravy fries. Only disappointment was that we tried some Italian hots and the peppers seemed to have been flash fried in oil. Unfortunately they weren't that hot and had an oily taste. Woulda been a fun place to throw a few back, but we had to go back to work.Best roast beef hands down. Parking is the only bad thing about the place. Staff is very friendly. I just wish it was closer to my house.Yes, parking stinks. Yes, it's a dive neighborhood bar (my favorite type.) Yes, the hand carved right in front of you roast beef rocks, especially wet.
But the gravy fries with roast beef bits are a ridiculous flavor bomb. They are Stupid good and yes, you better get all way to the bottom if you really want to see what I'm talking about. My mouth is watering now just thinking about them and I rarely, EVER lust after fries.
The cool gray haired bartender was awesome service wise. Silly side note: while everything is paper plate style, they do NOT skimp on the plastic cutlery. It is stout, thick and unbendable for digging in without getting messy. Not the cheap flimsy stuff 99% of the other places use. 
Oh yeah, John's (on Snyder Ave.) newly added roast beef doesn't hold a candle to Nick's Old Original. John's tastes like boiled, deli meat. Ok but not enough to crave like Nick'sthis is by far the BEST r/b sandwich anywhere, Ive been to 39 states and 3 countries in my travels. and the Fries w/gravey. U cant get a better simple sandwichTheir roast beef sandwich is TO DIE FOR (they use real sharp provolone, and yes, you should get the broccoli rabe topper). The gravy friends are also awesome - sinful, but awesome. A colorful, unique trip away from the glitz of played-out scenester spots.A REAL roast beef sandwich. Hand carved right infront of you. No sliced lunchmeat crap being passed off as a roast beef sandwich. The gravy fries are another amazing item on the menu. Absolutely love this place. If it wasnt for the fact that I would end up fat and broke, I could eat here everyday.We just took a vacation to Pennsylvania and New Jersey 3 years ago. Several months before we went, my dad was watching The Food Network and saw a show called Meat and Potatoes. On that episode there were three restaurants that were featured. One was a location in Beverly Hills which my parents went to for their chili. My dad was always a sucker for chili. On that same episode was a place in Philadelphia called "Old Original" Nick's Roast Beef. My dad said it looked so good he was ready to hop on a plane himself. This was huge for him to say because he would get airsick. He gave me a print out of Nick's info and said I had to try it.
When my dad became very sick, I wanted to cancel our trip. Unfortunately, my dad lost his battle with cancer just two weeks before we left. With my mom's OK, we kept our vacation and my list of must try restaurants. Of course our first stop had to be Nicks! My hubby's cousin picked us up at the airport and we headed straight for Nick's in south Philly. It wasn't in the best of neighborhoods and if it wasn't 9:30pm at night, we may have driven past it. It is a hole in the wall place. We walked past the bar area to the back seating. I don't think there were more than 12 tables total. Then I hear my cousin call out, "It's Joe Frazier!" What??? THE Smokin' Joe Frazier? I explained to my kids this was the man who fought Muhammad Ali in the Thrilla in Manilla. We just read a biography about Ali, so they understood. After meeting Joe and getting photos, we got to business.
I always have to get what a restaurant is known for. So in this case it was their Roast Beef Sandwich with Provolone Cheese. I asked for it "overboard" which means they dunk the bottom half of the kaiser roll into the au jus. The sandwich wasn't quite as juicy as I was expecting, although still quite wonderful. One of the kids got their jus on the side, so I dunked my sandwich into their jus...perfect! It was salty and indulgent. The roast beef is slow roasted, sliced thin and piled high. It was tender and delicious. Thanks dad for turning me on to Nick's. It was the perfect way to start our trip!totally lived up to they hype! This place has been on my philly bucket list for a while, and I finally got the opportunity to get here. I popped in for a takeout sandwich. The have maybe 10 sandwiches on the board, maybe more on the sit down menu. I went with the classic roast beef combno, that was roast beef and cheese. I also took with me horseradish, and some peppers. It literally took 1 minute to get my sandwich and get on the road. Although in hindsight, I shoujld have just sat at the bar and ate my sandwich. The beef was cooked to perfection, bread perfectly soft. just a killer sandwich. I almost wished I had bought 2! Can't wait ot go back. Now the restaurant is very old school, which I really like. You don't go for the atmosphere, you go for the beef sandwich.Roast beef and the Gray fries, are out of this world they are amazing, they are so good that make you don't even think about the way the place look... I'll definitely coming back whenever Im at the city.I could easily, absolutely rave, about the delicious beef, gravy, cheese, and the fries... Everyone raving about the food is absolutely right... But, the entire staff, especially Sal, and the amazing bartender who has been there for over 30 years, and the customers, Steve and Mike, and the welcome we received from all them... The friendliness, and the humor... It was so incredible. They were ALL so wonderful. So clever, funny and kind. The food is super affordable, and high quality, but the people we met were just... priceless. I didn't want to leave. I'm absolutely coming back. We left full, happy, feeling loved, and with phone numbers! South Philly peeps... The best peeps around!My best friend took me here because he know's that I appreciate good and great food..... & man, he was right ! This is an hidden gem !  Some great comfort food ;  )I'm embarrassed to say that I've lived in and around Philly all my life, been to S. Philly for all kinds of food 100's of times - but have never been to the Original Nick's.  I've alway's known it was there, but just never got there. In the neighborhood for a free outdoor jazz concert - between sets went to Nick's for a quick beef and beer. 
I would not rate this as the best roast beef sandwich ever, but it's right up there near the top and definitely a place worth going to - whether it's for a quickie, takeout or to stay and watch a game. Place is really just an old school, south philly corner bar (with lot's of character and character's) that serves an excellent beef sandwich.  
We stategically chose to sit at the far end of the bar, right by the carving station to see how they work their magic. (There's also a small dining room in the back). So here's the deal:
Two guy's - 1st guy hand carve's the beef, the other assembles the sandwich.
The Beef - Moist, tender, flavorful, sliced thin.
The amount of beef - piled on high, but not too high. I'd say there's a 1/3 to 1/2 lb. of meat - just the right amount. Once the guy carefully positions the beef on the bun, then he drops a spoonful of gravy (au jus, debris or whatever you like to call it) on the beef, then places one slice of provolone (I wish it was sharp prov.), then drops a little more gravy on the cheese, and then lightly presses on the top and cuts in half.
The bread - nothing special, just a fresh, decent standard kaiser roll that slowly falls apart as you eat it - so it gets messy. Make sure you have plenty of napkins, because the ones they have are so thin and cheap, you need a stack of them to keep yourself from looking like a slob.
Condiments - Mustard, hot peppers and horseradish are self serve.
What could make it better -  a brown spicy mustard, better hot peppers, a better roll (maybe a long seeded roll from Liscio's or Sarcone's)Hands down the best roast beef I've had so far...the price is pretty good as well...def worth trying it out!Really like the food at nick's. The beef sandwich and the gravy fries are things I crave when I'm not home in Philly. That being said, the last few times I've been to this location my sandwich has been dry, and tough to chew . The fries are always awesome , thank god. Seems like this location is living off its reputation a bit. I've eaten to the Nick's in west Chester as well as the one near media and I have to say that both of those locations are better than this one is now .. Hard to say that being this is the OG location , but it's true .. I'd go back to nicks in a second , just not this one .A very good sloppy and tasty roast beef experience. You must walk by carving station prior to eating to eyeball the roast beef and to get the juices flowing. Try a piece with peepers, and try a piece with horseradish for metal recording purposes. Typically, good service in basic but comfortable setting. All good !! ......Put on list if you eat red meat.If you are visiting Philly, this is a cultural must try place.   Original bar/restaurant is small inside, about 12 tables.  The meats and rolls are fresh and absolutely delicious.  Nick's is even more to roast beef than pats/Genos are to cheesesteaks.  Some would argue those places have become more tourist traps.  Nick's is a true south philly classic that Philly folks are glad that is off the beaten path and remains a one of the city's worst kept secrets.Yes, it's a dive bar.
Yes, parking SUCKS.
But those are small inconveniences of eating simply one of the best roast beef sandwiches I have ever had. Period.
Extra Wet with Provolone.
Go here. Spend the time driving around the block over and over looking for parking. Be slightly concerned as you walk into this dimly light corner bar and then be amazed.
Fireworks? Yes.It's a dark dive bar, seemingly miles away from Center City civilization. At noon on a Wednesday as a patron yelled "Yo Mami, can I get a beer?"across the restaurant to the waitress, I smiled to myself and thought "ah that South Philly charm." While it doesn't have the bright lights and long lines of all the touristy places you've heard about, the roast beef on kaiser roll is epic. You'll kill several trees using napkins to wipe the gravy mess off your hands, but hey, we all make sacrifices.Best sandwich in town. Get it xtra wet for more tasty juiceOne of the best roast beef sandwiches I've ever had. Got it with gravy and a side of fries. My wife got the ham with gravy. We devoured it.Damn that's a good sandwich! 
I just finished eating my roast beef sandwich with provolone and had to immediately wrote a review. I am thoroughly impressed with everything. 
I called ahead and my order was ready in minutes. The staff are super friendly. I walked right up to my bar and everything was all set. 
I ate my sandwich as soon as I got in the car. Yum! Tender roast beef, perfectly seasoned. The provolone adds the right amount of tang. The fries were really good as well, I'm a fan of the coated fries. 
I've been to the location in Springfield before but this one was better. I'll have to make this stop more often.The BEST ROAST BEEF sandwich in and around Philly.  Combo Overboard. All day.  The Gravy Fries are awesome too.  It IS a South Philly dive bar and I love it. I got food poisioning from there before and i still go back as often as I can. It is that good.  Welcome to Philly, you've had a cheesesteak? Good, now come with me to Nicks. You will thank me.I had a serious craving for a burger and a friend suggested this place. I ordered the classic burger and it was jus WOW! It came with lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese and for only $0.50 I was able to add bacon-yum:) The burger was hugeeee, so much so I could not finish the entire thing. It was moist and very tasty. The curly fries were also good. 
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I came during happy hour and the selection of cocktails aren't great at all to me. Besides that, I will totally be returning to this place.Roast beef combo wit the outs, gravy fries, budweiser, Jameson. 
That's all u really need for an amazing time, but Eddie behind the bar is a genuine guy who makes everyone feel welcome. Great local, neighborhood vibe with real nice, blue collar Philly people. I have never sat at this bar more than an hour and not gotten at least 3 free shots, it's that kind of place (just make sure u repay the favor!)  love going here to catch a game and take it all in.Oh god Nick's. I just have to say the name and my mouth starts to water. This is one of my favorite places to take non-Philly friends, especially if we are looking for something cheap. The best meal in the house: Lager, gravy fries and a Roast Beef, overboard. 
I've tried the roast turkey, it seemed a little dry. So I'm going to stick with what I know and love.Super juicy, super tasty!  Order the gravy fries, and an extra order of plain fries for all the gravy!!  Pitcher of Yuengling for $8?  Yes, please!  Loved this place!  Great service, amazing roast beef sandwich, perfect broccoli rabe.  One of the best experiences in my two days in Philly.  Awesome, thanks Nick's!Hole in the wall, you'll probably walk by it and think "ew" BUT GO INSIDE!! best roast beef sandwich EVER! and the FRIES!!!!! just everything!! SO good!! You will not be disappointed!The best!  Get a beef combo.  You will love it!  There is a side entrance (old school Ladies entrance) if you don't want to go into the bar area.Don't be fooled by the other "Nick's Roast Beef!" Go to the one in the hood!! it is the BEST! I was fresh off a plane from California, so hungry and ready to eat some hearty South Philly food, so when my lil sis said we were going to Nick's, I was stoked!!! 
Best Ever Roast Beef!!! (excluding my uncle's deli, c'mon it's family!)How can a roast beef sandwich be any better than at Nick's? It can not be. I got mine a little drippy with their wonderful gravy and no cheese. The roast beef was perfectly tender, the bread was totally fresh and the gravy was heavenly. It is still under $6.00 for a sandwich.
The waitress was warm and friendly and the food came out quickly, though the place was packed. The French fries, would get three stars. They are about ordinary. 
If you have not been here, do not be intimidated. Outside it looks like any corner bar in South Philly, but inside is one of the best roast beef sandwiches of all time. 
One suggestion may be to have a super size large roast beef available. The size of the sandwich was quite large but I wanted more.This is the best roast beef sandwich that I've ever had and will likely ever have.  It was knee-bucklingly good.  The gravy fries were ridiculous.  I've never eaten anything like them before.  I wish I got two orders, but I had to save room for the roast pork sandwich that I split with my friend, which was also delicious.  The place is a complete dive, but who cares?  The bar is very small, but it doesnt matter.  I cant believe it took me 28 years to get to this place, but I am sure glad that I went.  It is a slice of old school philadelphia.  I can't wait to go back.I have to admit I was surprised by how much I like this place. The food was great. I am still craving more of the Buffalo chicken dip. The roast beef is everything you can ask for. I highly recommend.It was a long time coming, and well worth the wait. The roast beef sandwich with provolone and a side order of gravy fries, completed with a lager to wash it all down, was the ultimate lunch yesterday.  Philly is known for incredible sandwiches, and for me, Nick's might beat all the rest. Great authentic South Philly spot, definitely going to return to Nick's again soon.Pretty damn good. Roast beef was obviously great and prices are fair. Place was a zoo after the marathon. We will have to go again when there's no race going on.There is no better, a philly legend. I'm goin here next time I'm down at the Historic District fer shure. I had my first in 1965.Oh hell yes! 
You can have your cheesesteaks. THIS is what Philly, in particular old school South Philly, is all about.The best roast beef on the planet ! I grew up in South Philly definitely the best sandwich around ! Go EAGLES!!!Friendly neighborhood joint. The perfect roast beef sandwich. It was exactly what I wanted for a late lunch when I was pretty famished. Out waitress was so kind and treated our table like family. Would go back any day.When you visit Nick's, the smell of delicious roast beef smacks you in the face as soon as you step through the door.  This is followed by a backhand of flavor when you take your first bite of the roast beef sandwich.  This sandwich is unbelievably good!   The gravy fries are also a must!  They sell the gravy by the pint.  I can't replicate the sandwich at home but if you pour that gravy over any type of french-fry it will be fantastic!  I have tried the roast beef sandwich with and without cheese and I personally think the beef is so good and delicious you don't need the cheese.  I didn't seem to notice it much when I ordered the combo (w/ cheese). 
The restaurant itself is very unassuming and I doubt it has changed much over the last 70 years.  I am all for preserving the history and nostalgia, but the restaurant would definitely benefit from a few basic upgrades (tables, chairs, and lighting, and a good scrub).  This place is quite unique and their product is absolutely delicious.   I'll be back again and again!Gravy fries and Yuengling, a more perfect Philly pair doesn't exist. There are gravy fries and then there are these; not  soggy fries and gravy with a few meat flecks but sturdy, crispy  fries completely covered by a beef blanket. The famous roast beef had a robust meaty flavor and did not let us down. I'd probably add cheese next time to make it even better/ less kosher.
The other thing to get is the roast beef sandwich (the combo, meaning with cheese). The same slowly cooked, moist beef is sliced into a thick sandwich. Another fine way to enjoy the namesake product.  And in case you care about their weight of your meal, this sandwich contains 1/4 pound of meat. Horseradish is ready for you on the side.
Nick's has been around since 1938 and they obviously know what they are doing.Senior year of college, after a Saturday afternoon basketball game at the Wachovia Center, we talked about going to Geno's to get steaks.
One of my buddies said that his brother told him about this place, Nick's, 20th and Jackson he said.
So we find it and walk in and none of us had been there before and there's a guy in his 50's sitting in a tweed jacket drinking scotch at the end of the bar near the door.  He said we looked like deer in headlights and that he would take care of us, he asked us what we wanted and we told him sandwiches.  Bartender takes notice of this gentleman and he goes, "Hey Tom, get these guys 4 sandwiches with cheese and make'em wet."
Excellent sandwiches and exactly what we needed, good roast beef, great provolone and gravy!
I'm not sure if Villanova won or lost that day, but I'll always remember Nick's.I'd give it 5 stars, but that always triggers the dreaded Yelp filter. Excellent roast beef sandwiches. Provolone makes them even better. The gravy fries are out of this world. There isn't much in the way of atmosphere because it's a neighborhood bar, but I don't care. I go for the food. The seating area in the back has 2 insanely powerful air conditioners which anyone who hates dealing with this heat and humidity will appreciate. Service is always friendly. Prices are very reasonable.The roast beef here Is amazing. They slice it right in front of you behind the counter. Also make sure to tip the meat slicers they appreciate it. The gravy fries are also amazing. The only thing that is a little strange is that a combo here only means putting cheese on the sandwich. No fries or drink, those have to be ordered seperately. This may seem pricey to some people but the roast beef is amazing.Crappy dive bar. Crazy good Sandwhiches.
I got the combo Sandy which includes sharp cheddar and extra gravy sauce!! 
Ronda got the broccoli Sandy with sharp cheddar! 
This place has been around since 1938!We drive I-95 to NY from NC several times a year and NEVER miss a chance to go for our Nick's fix.  Having lived in many different parts of the country, I can say there's no comparison to the roast beef, along with the fries and a Lager!This is by far the best roast beef sandwich I ever had in my WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE. I grew up in South Philly and love Nick's Roast Beef..
I always get a combo and extra gravy.. Also you have to try the GRAVY FRIES ! delicious!My boyfriend's grandfather grew up in Philly and has been eating at Nick's for as long as he can remember. It's been a family staple of theirs for years. We would go every time we came to visit the city. We just recently moved around the corner and go about once a week. It's that good. Don't forget to leave a tip for the beef cutters on your way out.In a world of mediocre chain restaurant, precooked food, Nick's is a beacon of light shining bright on a sea of gravy.  Nick's is the epitome of the divvy, local, corner, sports bar.   Reasonably priced drinks, friendly old school waitresses, knowledgeable bartenders and random sports memorabilia adorning the wood paneling walls.   
Now we lets gets to the famous Roast beef sandwich.   The sandwich starts with a fresh round roll, hand carved roast beef that has been marinating in its own juices for over 8 hours.  Add a slice of sharp provolone, copious amounts of gravy and this is the best sandwich in Phill and one of the best tasting sandwiches I've ever had.  Don't forget to add an order of gravy fries sittih in roast beef gravy.  All of this amazing food can be yours for under $10.  
I love this place; Nick's has comfort bar food at its best.  If you don't love Nick's you need to get your taste buds checked.The food is flavorful and delicious... the best of its kind!! Truly the best roast beef sandwich around!! The gravy fries are to die for! Always consistent and friendly staff! A relaxing comfortable environment to sit back and enjoy some beers with your sandwich! You can even top off your sandwich with provolone! Can't wait to go back!Bless this place. The roast beef sandwiches are out of this world and the gravy fries are everything you could hope and dream of. Definitely a new Philly favorite of mine and plan on returning when I'm in the area!Beef Combo (Roast Beef sandwich w/ Provolone) is good but the highlight of Nick's is the gravy fries. They may have more meat on them then the sandwich does. Huge pieces of meat on the and dripping with amazing gravy. 
Though the fries and sandwich are great the best part of this place is the people. Such a great south philly bar atmosphere.
Beef can be dry from time to time but dip it in the dish from the gravy fries and all will be well.Classic Philadelphia food.   How can ya not like this place?  Amazing sandwiches, Gravy fries and cheap ass beer!!  Get the "outs" sandwich combo and a side of broccoli rabe. You must try this spot out, don't dress fancy, you're gonna get dirtyPeople are always asking and looking for authentic Philly taste. GO HERE! Get a Roast Pork Combo, Roast Beef Combo and Gravy Fries and you will not be disappointed. By far the best that the city has to offer in these sandwiches. For those who like hot added, get the long hots on the side and add them on your sandwiches. The hot horse radish for the beef is essential too. This place is not going to wow anyone with the atmosphere or decor. But it doesn't need to cause the food is amazing.Just realized you can get pork, or turkey gravy on top of the fries instead of beef gravy. not sure but you might be able to get a roast beef sandwich dipped in turkey gravy. sounds interestingBest roast beef sandwich in philly. Place is old school down and dirty. Get the roast beef with provolone, broccoli rabe with garlic and additional gravy. Money!You can't really ask for much more than what this situation provides you. A delicious cheap meal, a friendly waitress, quick service, and drink specials during games. This is what people need to experience if they are visiting Philadelphia, or new to South Philly.
You walk in through the poorly lit bar, past the trays of roast beef and to your seat. You order yourself the beef combo, and a root beer. What you'll get is a roast beef sandwich some provolone, on a soaking wet kaiser roll, with such simple great flavors that even the pickiest of eaters is smitten. It is simple and delicious. That's it, and that is all it needs to be. Put this on your Philadelphia bucket list you'll be glad you did.Bill M's review is incorrect.  He is reviewing the wrong Nick's. This NIck's on 20th and Jackson does not have buffalo chicken fingers and they are not in Old City.  Please make sure you are reviewing the right place before you give it 2 stars!!
This place deserves all 5 stars I can give it.Best roast beef sandwich and gravy fries I've ever had. Service was great and incredibly fast. I haven't been so excited about food in a long time. This is a MUST if you're in Philly!Best roast beef sandwich by far! Seriously it's impossible to beat this sandwich. Anything else on the menu is sub par, so id suggest to only get roast beef and gravey fries.Hard not to give this place 5 stars. I'll give it 4.5 I guess. Just due to cleanliness and also pricing. If Nick's was a little cleaner and whatnot it could certainly be priced what it is. Conversely, if it was a little cheaper the cleanliness and ambiance wouldn't be a star dropping issue. 
Like most people have said the gravy fries are better than the sandwiches. Just so moist and flavorful. High amount of salinity I feel, but I have no respect for my blood pressure. I've never had the turkey or the ham sandwiches, and I've only gotten the pork like once. The pork is actually some of the best in the city, but is almost always overshadowed by the legendary roast beef, which is of course sublime. I use the horseradish, which could actually use a little more punch, liberally. 
They have RC Cola instead of Coke. It's a nice change, but it should be well known by this point I prefer Coke. I've never gotten broccoli rabe or long hots due mainly to pricing. Probably next time I'll give them a whirl, even though I say that a lot. I just have trouble justifying paying more than like a dollar for either, considering at places like Tony Luke's multiple bags can be obtained for free. 
Waitresses can be a little slow and inattentive, but it's not really a big deal. I go for the food and I've never, ever had a fatty or sub-par sandwich. So that in itself speaks volumes.Great little hole in the wall place. The surrounding area feels crowded and a little unsafe and street parking is your only option. The food and service was excellent! Delicious fries and the roast beef combo sandwich was excellent!Hell yeah, definitely the best non "NY"  roast beef sandwich I've ever had....great after the gamesI always get the combo with comes with provolone cheese N Must have is EXTRA GRAVY!! so inexpensive N GOOD!With apologies to the review from Daniel B, who apparently has never been to a crowded bar before, this is one of the best places in the city if you like slow cooked roast beef and beer.  The Miller Lite draft is the coldest in the area, and they have top shelf alcohol as well as a plethora of bottled beer, domestic and local.  A seat in the back will get you quick waitress service bu make no mistake--this is a loud dive bar with charm and the best roast beef  Ive ever had (this includes Boston, Chicago, NY and Miami).  My advice for tourists who like sports....get a seat in the front (counter or stool), order a Miller Draft, ask for 2 combo outside overboard cuts with fried long hots.  Sit back and listen to the trivia, stories and arguing about the Phils and Flyers. Tell Eddie the bartender what town you are from and someone will end up buying you a drink.   ONE sandwich will not be enough.  If you are with more than two, get a spot in in the back and ask for extra napkins.  This is the place I bring my out of town friends to....NOT  the cheesesteak places.Nick's is a grimy, slimy hole-in-the-wall in a still unfashionable part of South Philly. You're not likely to get a more 'real' South Philly experience than this.
Don't overblow it into something it isn't; Nick's is a bar that just happens to serve one of the best roast beef and roast pork sandwiches anywhere.
The provolone, with just the right amount of pan juices, just kind of melts into the bread. It's beef-flavored paradise surpassed only by the pork sandwich. Why the pork sandwich isn't more touted, I'll never know. I'm keeping this one short because there's really not much else to say. Great sandwiches, crappy atmosphere, but that's not why you'd come here in the first place.My buddy Chris always hooks me up with some yummy ass roast beef sandwich as he cuts it and make it
With cheese at just the right amount my picky ass would eat it. (Most roast beef sandwiches are rather smushed like grandpop saggy undies) not here though, this stuff is banging!Don't expect something that this place doesn't pretend to be. They make no bones about it, a divey corner bar with attitude, cold suds, and above average sandwiches. Pay no attention to the hot station where the food is prepped...just dive into a roast beef combo (get it wet for extra gravy) and gravy fries.  You will not be disappointed. At all.Wow!  I mean, holy crap, WOW!
I have been meaning to write about this place for a couple of months, but fortunately, Nick's Roast Beef's success isn't hinged on my amateur opinion. They do just fine on their own...
We came to visit my buddy who lives in South Philly.  He picks us up from the airport, and proceeds to show us how fearless a person can be behind the wheel.  He asked if we were hungry, and we answered with a resounding, "Sh!t yeah!"
This is when I quietly thanked Fate for introducing me to my buddy 15 years ago.   Because if I wasn't his friend, then I would NEVER had eaten at Nick's!
My wife and I each got ourselves the Roast Beef Combo with Gravy Fries.  But not the kind of creamy gravy that the Midwest has forced on us....NO!  This gravy is the juice that the roast beef had been lounging in all day.  Full of flavor, love, and bits of beef.
The sandwich was messy, and the fries were messier.  Didn't care.  I mean, who can really care when their eyes are rolled back in their head while chewing on God's interpretation of a sandwich?
So, just go.  If you're from out of town, grab a cab.  If you're from out of town and want the full experience, risk driving around the city and then reward yourself with a beautiful roast beef sandwich.
Either way, just go.1) Roast beef sandwich with provolone on a kaiser roll
2) Gravy fries slathered in delicious beef fat
3) Sit back and wait as nirvana is achieved
The place is kind of dingy - a total dive feel. Great place for the guys, or even the girls on their butch nights. Sandwiches are messy, but don't sell out like I did. Never seen eyes pop like that after I asked the waitress for a fork.
Note: I ate here literally 90 minutes before experiencing a full dinner at Amada. Truth be told, I enjoyed Nick's more.Don't be put-off that Nick's is somewhat of a dive.  They take their sandwiches very seriously.  For starters, the gravy fries are amazing!  Fries smothered in pan-drippings loaded with tender chunks of roast beef...it was a meal unto itself.  I thought the fries would be soggy, but somehow, they maintained the perfect balance of sogginess to crispiness.
My roast-beef sandwich was ordered "overboard", which gets you additional gravy, which is delicious.  It was also topped with a slice of provolone cheese.  A spicy horseradish on the table was the final compliment to the generous amount of beef in this sandwich.  By far, this was the best roast-beef sandwich I've ever had.
If you've never been to Nick's and find yourself there some day, let your server know that it's your first visit.  They'll clue you in on what they offer and how to order.  If you consider yourself picky, then this place is not for you.  Nick's is a "what you see is what you get" establishment.  If you're looking to get a killer sandwich from an unpretentious place, this is it.This place is the best, its always lively with a great atmosphere. The bartenders and staff are great, and they always seem like they're having a blast. Baseball usually on the TV during the season, and last but not least, those Roast Beef sandwiches are the best, like really amazing. The gravy fries are great too, but you might be too full to finish them by yourself.Awesome establishment where the people really are down to Earth and the food is out of this world. Just had the hot open face turkey luckily I only have an hour to go before I'm off the clock. #ExcellentEatsI'm around Society Hill and Nick's is well worth the drive to South Philly!
Get the Roast Beef and get it overboard (extra gravy, extra good). I'm new to Philly, so Sharp Prov really depends on my mood. Their's is sharp, so I definitely have to be in the mood for it.
The gravy fries are OUT OF THIS FREAKIN' WORLD!!! They're not really "gravy" fries, they're fries with a topping of meat and gravy. They're a meal in themselves. The fries get nice and moist and seem to pick up a vinegary flavor from the meat juices.
Take credit cards (over $10) which is always nice. I've always found street parking for take out.As all of the previous reviews have pointed out, Nick's has the absolute freaking best roast beef sandwiches in Philly.  Their sandwiches are juicy, beefy goodness on a roll.  It's real roast beef, not the heated up lunchmeat stuff that you find at some other places.  And it's a no-frills joint.  The sandwiches are also pretty cheap.  Nick's is also a Philly institution, so if you haven't eaten there yet, I feel bad for you because you're really missing out.Sometimes the same Steak is pretty fatty. Otherwise, cute place with nice waitresses. Love the roast beef fries.That was THE BEST ROAST BEEF sandwich ever!!!  Tasted like my mother's Sunday roast!!  The fries with the beef and gravy was out of this world!  When in Philly skip Pat's steaks and come to Nick's!Hit up Nick's with a few work friends. I got the roast beef/provolone sandwich, which was very good. The atmosphere is very casual; sorta like a neighborhood hangout.I don't think you can get a better roast beef sandwich anywhere.  Keep in mind, you're going for the food, not for an elegant atmosphere.  This is definitely a dive bar, and may not live up to the cleanliness standards of people used to four and five star restaurants.  Recommend ordering the "roast beef combo, overboard".  That means:  roast beef sandwich with provolone cheese, with extra gravy on top.  If your sandwich comes back dryer than you wish (as Erica stated below), send it back and tell them "double overboard".  It won't be dry anymore, trust me.  Other sandwiches (pork, ham, turkey) are just average.  Three generations of my family have been going there for the roast beef!