I could just copy and paste the majority of the reviews into this box, but I guess I will share my experience first hand.
At first, I thought it was a farmers market. I texted my friend asking her what time we should go so I knew when to cook dinner and she told me to hold off dinner - I was going to get stuffed at this event.
She was dead wrong.
When we arrived around 7:30 we found it super packed. Long long times, tight crowds, lots of dogs and babies. We circled the event trying to pick out which line we were going to devote our entire night to standing in, and decided on the Jamaican truck. After an hour of standing in line, and having other line go-ers friends casually jip us, we finally made it to the front to order only to have the vendor announce they were out of all of my meal options.
So you know what I had for dinner the evening of Night Market? A bag of chips from CVS.
This event had it's potential. But I guess they were not counting on the ridiculous horde of hungry people. Most trucks were placing "SOLD OUT" signs just as we were arriving. There were very few vegetarian/vegan options... (actually, don't believe any food vendors had vegan options). Hopefully next time they will be able to work out their kinks.Thouroughly disappointed by this one; I litterally starved myself up until 6pm to save every bit of room in my stomach for this night... I stopped at 5 different food trucks only to be met by sup par food and astronomical prices. 
My stops included SAMOSA DEB: $10 for Curry chicken with rice and Samosa - Horrible! Rice was overcooked to the point it was unrecognizable. It was mush. There was no curry. It taste more like a bland Indian dish which I have never had. The spices were there but there was no salt. The dosa was mushy. It was disgusting! 
Next stop K-TOWN KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN: $8 for 4 chicken wings supposedly cooked Korean Style. Save your time and your money and go straight to Cafe Soho! The wings were breaded and there was more breading than chicken. What a let down. 
Then on to THE COW AND THE CURD: $14 for gloriFRIED cheese and a frozen lemonade. It was a fancier version of a mozzarella stick. Sadly enough this is what I enjoyed the most. What left the bitter tast in my mouth from the visit to this truck? I was with friends from Atlanta who came to Philly for the Night Market so I wanted to share. I asked the OWNER for an extra dish to split the curds and his reply "NO, WE HAVE NO EXTRA DISHES. TRY USING A NAPKIN.'' As I looked behind him to mounds of extra paper containers. Wow, way to loose a customer buddy. 
Now on to RELISH: $8 for Chicken In Waffles, yes people pieces of chicken were chopped up and  infused in the mini waffles, add a pat of maple syrup butter on top, yum yum. Sounds amazing right??? Yeah that's what I was thinking until I bit in to the waffle and my pallet was met by the DISGUSTING taste of DARK MEAT CHICKEN. My entire body quivered as I spit the waffle in to a napkin!  Come on RELISH, you should disclose this as not everyone has the stomach for dark meat...in the trash it went.
I will not be returning to this Night Market! I saw the reviews but I really tried to give this one the benefit of the doubt. We were so disappointed we ended up driving to Jim's Steaks in West Philly to satisfy our food cravings. I will give the one in Chinatown a try in the Fall. My suggestions to my Foodies, avoid this one...You'll enjoy it more if you go with your laid back friends who don't complain about waiting in lines and go with the flow. It's a cool atmosphere and the bands are sit and chill types. I just went with my husband and we only got 4 things before we were full, so make sure your crew is cool enough to share food. Also, even though it starts at 6, many trucks weren't ready til 6:30..longer line waits the later you go but everything is running.Terrible. Overrun with pretentious yuppies, babies and dogs. No point in standing in line for small portions that are overpriced. I left and had dinner elsewhere. Good idea, terrible execution.I've been to 3 nights markets so far: Chinatown 2011, Mt. Airy 2012, Chinatown 2012 and can't wait for it to return this summer. The experience is awesome. Crowds of people, lines of food trucks, live music. Always a great time.
My favorite experience was my first in Chinatown, mainly based on the food that I had. I have no idea which truck I got this from, but I have been dreaming about the butternut squash and sweet potato lasagna I had almost 2 years ago. Heavenly. Other standouts were a variety of tacos from Guapos Tacos...despite the long ass line, and corn on the cob straight from the grill.
Mt. Airy was also great. Great, hilly street with food trucks going on forever. Standouts included Margherita pizza from Nomad and korean tacos.
Can't wait to go this coming season, hopefully in a spot I haven't been before.I was also a little dismay that a couple of truck ran out of food around 7:45pm. Less than an hour after the event started. These truck vendor must not watch Tyler Florence's The Great Food Truck Race, the supermarket is only a block away people. Go restock and cook again, there's money to be made here and tons of people lining up for food. 
Other than that though, the event is pretty much a success since there were so many people coming out. I think next time there should at least be people selling other artifacts like candles or specialty food items. I was glad for the music and the liveliness, I was glad for an event happening in the middle of a boring week. The oxtail stew and potato salad I got was wonderful, so is the fried fish sandwich. It's disappointing that all the taco truck ran out of food so early, but be sure that I will be there again next time an event like this occur.Great idea. Poorly executed. 
I stopped by to try some food, unfortunately the lines were extremely long. I was under the impression that I could just swing by and grab something quick for dinner... I guess that everyone had the same idea?
I hope that this happens again with a better system setup. I'd really like to try some of the food that I wasn't able to enjoy :(I showed up late to night market around 9:20 after just getting out of work incredibly tired and hungry. After seeing the lines for tacos and sandwiches (the only trucks that were serving real food) I turned around walked south towards home and got a sandwich at FUEL. 
Living in this neighborhood I was surprised to see so many people walking around taking pictures so excited to eat from a food truck. Food Trust will have to step it up a notch and next go-around I will show up excited to taste rather than expectant to get a meal.Why, why, why do I keep going back to Night Market?? Isn't the definition of insanity doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results? I don't know why I keep expecting to have a good experience at a Night Market. 
In theory this sounds like a cool event. Well, apparently by the size of the crowd I'm not the only one that thinks this. I mean Night Market is fun if you like waiting in long lines with swarms of people. 
I didn't have much time to dedicate to South Street Night Market. My group probably got to South Street around 7:30 and had to leave for another event by 9/9:30. Rather than waiting in a beer line, we beelined to the state store. What a saving grace! We were able to buy "juice boxes" of wine and no one cared that we were drinking them in public on the street. 
Earlier in the day, I had printed out the map and vendor list and checked off about 20-25 places I would like to try. I had hoped to hit at least 2-3 places. Wishful thinking! I know I was being picky about my selections and expectations... I wanted to try a vendor that I've never had before and I didn't want to pick a restaurant that had a store front that I can visit any old day. We started at 9th and by the time we got to the corner of 6th, I knew I had to make a quick decision if I wanted to eat before leaving. Ka'Chi was in the right place at the right time. Luckily it was on my preselected list of vendors.
I spent the majority of my time at Night Market waiting in that line. I was surrounded by friends and the other people on line were friendly so it could have been worse...it also could have been better. I'll review Ka'Chi separately but in short the food was good and I'm glad I waited BUT it really wasn't worth the wait.  Philadelphia has really stepped up its game with food trucks so its probably best to find them on an "off" day. Unfortunately, I was only able to eat at one vendor and not make a dent on my ambitious list. 
I think I'll be passing on the next Night Market in China Town... unless the allure sucks me back in.Love the concept...and apparently so does half the city. Long lines, competing music, and general chaos rule here. Bring cash and a crap load of patience and maybe you can find the few diamonds in the rough.Night Market is a magical place.  A place where Philadelphia comes alive and wonderful food is available in abundance. Yes there are crowds. Yes there are lines. But there is no denying you're in a special place. The latest Night Market in Chinatown was the best yet. Come with friends and the right frame of mind and you'll have a great time as Philadelphia transforms itself into something else entirely.The June 2012 Night Market on Washington Ave. was CRAZY.  By 6:30pm, hundreds and hundreds of people descended on the street and took advantage of the outstanding food trucks and stands for this occasion.  I managed to snag a porcetta sandwich from Esposito's, a tamale from the tamale truck, lemonade from some lemonade stand, and macarons from my boys at Sugar Philly.
As far as it goes, this was the most intense Night Market I had ever attended (three total).  There were so many people, super long lines, and pretty hot weather.  I might go back if there were new vendors, but I think I'll go for Baltimore Stroll before another night market.The concept here is awesome.  I love how many people this event brings together throughout Philadelphia, and I loved even more that it came to my hood (Fairmount, yo).  
The wide variety of food trucks serving up treats can satisfy any palate, however the trucks I wanted to go to the most had lines that were borderline ridiculous.  Not sure what the fix for this would be... perhaps I need to show up 10 minutes before opening to secure a good spot in line? 
Anywho... The live bands were great and created a perfect summer kick-off ambiance (the 80+ degree weather didn't hurt either), and it was really awesome to see so many Philadelphians (Fairmounters and Non-Fairmounters alike) congregated in one place to celebrate Philly's finest food trucks.
The location was great for Fairmount too, since if you were sick of waiting in the beer line you could very easily pop into the local Wine & Spirits shop for a juicebox of wine, or pop into one of the restaurants for a drink.
Alas--my only complaint is that the lines were out of control.  Somehow my friends and I managed to go home hungry from the food fair, but that's probably due to our impatience.The South Street Night Market (Aug 15, 2013) was my 1st Night Market experience, and quite possibly, my last. Way too crowded, ridiculously long lines, and very few vegan options. 
I don't understand why people get excited about events like this, where it's too crowded to even really walk. Not for me.
Meh.South Street's Night Market, 8/15/13 (see photos):
I've been traveling, so this was the first Night Market I've made since Chinatown last year.  Got there early, 6-ish, to try to beat the inevitable lines.  The traffic heading down Pine St was a disaster (whether due to South Street being closed, the Eagles game, or maybe it always is at rush hour).  I tried to park in that big indoor lot on Lombard between 2nd & 3rd, but it was full (did find one of the last spaces across the street, TG).
Getting to Night Market early is definitely a good plan, since after an hour the lines start to get really long for the best trucks.  But went with the flow and had a great time anyway.
Award for longest lines (too long to wait in): A tie between Cheu Noodle Bar (presumably for those killer wings), and the Surf and Turf Truck (lobster rolls).
Highlight of the night: Chatting with Marc Vetri as he sweated for his money at the Alla Spina tent (see photo).  Pretty good Sangria, Marc!
Also tried:
FOO TRUCK'S roast pork bahn mi crostini--perhaps the best thing all evening
FREECON FARMS' Crabby Granny cider--a nice big refreshing glass
LITTLE BABY'S ICE CREAM for peanut butter, maple, tarragon ice cream--Yum!
POI DOG SNACK SHOP for an authentic Hawaiian spam musubi (why Haiwaii consumes 80% of the world's SPAM supply!)
http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2008/04/tutorial-how-to-make-hawaiian-spam-musubi-sushi.html
STREET FOOD PHILLY...I can't remember what
SUPPER'S SCRATCH BISCUITS for a roast pork and pineapple salsa biscuit sandwith--great biscuit, but large and dry due to too little filling
TACO MONDO's Thai chicken taco--excellent
XOCHITL's margarita--pretty decent
About 1 1/2 hours to walk from Front to 9th street.  Definitely one of the "must dos" of the Philly food scene, but get a couple of beers to keep you company while you wait in line.
If you want to see what the vibe is like, the Inky's Dawn Fallik has a good video here:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gRp2a5g6okdisappointing.
maybe i wouldn't have been disappointed if i hadn't been under the impression it was going to be more like a farmers market, not basically just a bunch of long lines to a bunch of lunch trucks. i got there late, thinking it goes until 10 and my friends inform me that if the food hasn't run out, then it'll be an hour wait for me. no thanks. 
it had a lot of potential to be cool, there was music and i saw a lot of people i knew. but there was nothing to do but stand in line or stand around.
meh.HELL ON EARTH!  I typically enjoy the events in the city that bring people together... this, however, reminded me of Mardi Gras back around Y2K when i literally didn't have to put my feet on the ground... the volume of people would just pick me up and carry me!  I managed to walk over just fine.  Even at 4th and Bainbridge, it was tame.  Turning that corner at 6:30pm was INSANE!  
I tried to be a good sport... I met up with some friends.  We divided and conquered to get some variety, and then we were to meet up and share.  Well, we never found eachother again.  I got put in charge of cheese curds at The Cow and the Curd.  I hopped in line and waited about 5 minutes.  The guy working the truck said 'next' and the woman at the front of the line was not paying attention.  He asked again, she did nothing.  Nobody nudged her, or cut around her... so finally the guy just looked at us (towards the end of the line) and said 'there's no line... come order'.  So the back of the line rushed the window, the front of the line got pretty upset about it, and i found myself arguing with a 12 year old over cheese curds.  I quickly realized how pathetic and ridiculous this was, and decided that I no longer had a taste for fried cheese... from a truck that is ALWAYS out and about in the city ANYWAY!!!  I was, however, in need of a drink... so i grabbed a sixpoint which brought me back down to only hating things a little bit.  I found Nomad Pizza around 2nd and South, got 1/2 a pie, ate it while enjoying a band that I wished would have played more covers, finished my sixpoint, and got the hell out of there.
I did see Enid reping the yelp table which was lookin' good.  I got a little pang of pride walking by there.  I tried to come over and say hi... but the jet-stream of people wouldn't allow for it.  I tried to slam on the brakes and got rear-ended by an oblivious suburban-mom on the phone pushing a double-wide stroller.  No urban mother would EVER invest in the double-wide!!!
Nightmarket- where sophisticated adults actually fight with 12 year olds over cheese curds.  NEVER AGAIN.Loved the South Street night market! I got there about 10 min before it officially opened and some trucks were already serving. Most had menus posted so it was a great way to scope out the goods without crowds.
In about an hour I was able to walk from 9th to Front, and sample food & drinks from 4 venues (Jinja, Kami, Foo, and Nomad). The longest wait I had from getting in line to getting my food was less than 10 minutes. 
The best part of my night was the hookup from Uber for first time app users - up to $20 for a classy, comfortable ride back home. Thanks to the Food Trust for an awesome evening!The South Street Night Market was just another nail sealing me in my "I'm officially too old for this sort of thing" coffin.
I made the mistake of not getting there until after 8:00, by which time the crowds barely allowed one to move down the street.  I stood in a 45-minute line to get a grilled cheese sandwich.  It was expensive, not very large and not very good.  I was still hungry, but so done with the event.
One of the perks of being old is the ability to bail (with my old person money) to a nice restaurant where I sat at a table and had other people bring food to me.  I will be leaving future night markets to the kids, who did seem to be having a lot of fun.One of the best things I've done so far in Philadelphia. I went to the one in Chinatown this summer. The key is to go early before the Yards line is 3 blocks long (don't bother standing in this line...a lot of the trucks have drinks available). So many tasty trucks in one spot, and a friendly crowd.
It was set up with food trucks on the main drag and a few side bits with 'artsy things to buy.' The pricing for everything I had was very reasonable.Lots of potential here, but a lack of preparation for the insane crowds that came out meant many folks went away hungry.  
This event -- which I heartily hope will return to East Passyunk again in a more robust form, with lots and lots more vendors -- was just a victim of its own outsized buzz.  Bloggers, the Twitterati and every hungry hipster in the vicinity came out, with their dogs and babies.  I laughed out loud when I saw the line for tacos -- you can walk two blocks in any direction from Passyunk & Tasker and get 3 for $5.  
Hopefully the Food Trust learned they need to scale this event up if they actually want to feed anyone. The interest is certainly there!I'm pretty much with everyone else on this one - kind of a disappointment. I had a good time, but the Night Market itself didn't have too much to do with it. It was nice to enjoy a comfortable fall evening with friends and people watch with all of the cool people and to have my second helping of Capogiro of the day, but it was disappointing. 
It was the first Night Market, so there's obviously some kinks to be worked out, and it was obviously advertised a little too well and the extra week to spread the word about it probably didn't help much either. The lines were so long, the food ran out fast, the ceviche was a little small and it seemed a little pricey and unsubstantial and I dropped one of my shrimp!, and the crowd, while lively, was oblivious and desperate. The stands and trucks were grossly unprepared for the amount of people that showed up. Hopefully these problems get worked out by the next one.
Some idiot girl (hey, idiot girl, truth hurts) came up to me while I was enjoying my plum & bluecoat gin/pistachio gelato and was like "is the Capogiro free?", as if she and her friend were floating through the crowd looking for free stuff. "What? Uh, no, nothing's free." Come on. Night MARKET. It's built into the title. Come on.
Either way, this was kind of a bust, but I still look forward to the next Night Market.I always love attending these types of events, especially if it involves food! The South Street Night Market (8-15-13) was way too crowded that we were only able to try three food trucks and that's only because each of us stood in line individually for 1hr+ to get the food. 
Was pretty disappointed with Surf and Turf truck's lobster rolls as it was all bread and no lobster! The Samosas at Samosa Deb were good but the line moved way too slow for having only 20 people ahead of you. Another truck with the "Walking Taco" (AMAZING!! But sorry forgot the name) made me like Fritos chips again with its mix of pulled pork and beans in the fritos bag. And their Porknado was tasty too but by the time the BF got back to me with it, the soft pretzel was no longer soft :(
They had a cute concept with printing out Instagram pictures but we weren't able to find ours!! 
I think I'll pass on future Night Market unless there is some better crowd control because this was INSANE and the worst I have experienced at food events!I really wanted to like this (Northern Liberties version!) Too many people and not enough trucks. Service so slow! Left a food event hungry - WTF?
Oh and they were charging $15 to park in the usually free lot!Total disaster. I was excited all day! I was so pleased when I got there and it was busy, not a ghost town as I had feared. The long lines didn't scare me! Until after waiting in line, and being almost at the front, the truck I was waiting at ran out of food. Oh no. And then the next truck is out of food too. Oops. And it is only 7:30, and this event goes til 10? Yikes! What an unfortunate fail. Good thing my roommate and I can cook and have a stocked bar, because tonight certainly called for plan B.I got here early and hit up The Blockley for a pre-market drink.  It was a good call because the drink line immediately filled up.  I was able to stop by Guapos, Renaissance, and Jimmies, and then head home totally full before the thunderstorm started.  
The lines were long, but wouldn't have been a big deal except for it being so damn hot.  My job doesn't really allow for much food truck eating so I really appreciated having the opportunity to try some of the places I've heard such good things about.  I'll definitely go to the next one.First time went to the Night Market- it was from Chinatown. 
Before we ordered food, we ventured out on what other food there is. There's a few cupcake food trucks. When we were going home by 8pm, the "say cheese' food truck is still not open. I'm curious on how good is their grilled cheese. did they ever opened??
We got there early when some vendors are still trying to set up! 
We tried the shortribs tacos from Guapos- chef jose garces- it was ok for 1 taco $5 i think it's just over rated. I'd rather go to his restaurants than the food truck. It was great seeing his food truck there though.
Magu - japanese pancake- $5 for 5 balls of pancake size of the meatballs. and waited at least 20 mins for the very long line.
Crepewalk- i had banana nutella crepe. I took it home. I wish they put more nutella. Overall I would go back to order more crepe. The service is so slow though and there was even no line when we got there. (i told you we were there early like 6:30pm)I went, I saw, I ate.It was great.One of my 1st, not my last .It 's so hard for me to see or get to Food trucks, when you can get Soo many in an area, like to try stuff. I went with my parents, think my mom & I loved it more!! 
I tried the crepe place, Apple cinnamon crepe-quite delightful.The Zsa's Gourmet Ice Cream & was it a treat!!!? Only thing I wish, could their cups be any Smaller- For $3.00 -wow!!! But the flavor was fabulous!!! 
I didn't get to try tacos or pizza, since one of my party , not mentioning names rushed to get in restaurant to eat..wanted to try street food!! Next time-Just going to with my mom!! 
Did get to see the Yelp table & infamous Michelle, spun the wheel & won Yelp stick(chapstick) .Cool & fun night!!! Can't wait for the next one...I have not been able to attend any of the Night Markets recently, and since my terrible first experience I wasn't crying about it. But I finished work early on Thursday and it was a beautiful night, so I got in the car and headed to Mt Airy.  I'm glad I did! This one went on for blocks and blocks, I was scared to get any food at first in case I saw something down the line I wanted more. In the end I tried Nomad pizza, some Earth Bread and Brew beers, some (very spicy!) tacos from a mystery taco stand, a fried chicken biscuit from Supper, and a salted caramel milkshake. All of the lines were totally reasonable, and there were plenty of spots to sit and eat. This was truly a great improvement over my first visit and now I can't wait to go back!Guilty, I have not made it to any of the other three Night Markets around the city. I always made an excuse, either it was "too far away" or I conveniently "have something else going on". After reading reviews of previous attempts to hold this event in other neighborhoods I found myself not all that upset that I had missed them. Complaints of long lines, sweltering heat, crazy patrons, etc etc. I didn't really know that I even wanted to go to Chinatown, but given that the weather was supposed to be perfect for a fall evening and it was my home for the first 4 years of my life in Philly, it just seemed like now was the perfect time to give it a go.
I didn't go in with any crazy expectations, I knew that lines would be long so I decided to pay a visit to Chen at Ho Sai Gai, grab a classy cocktail in a coffee cup and head back out into the chaos. My biggest complaint about living in Chinatown was always the smell, most often caused by the leftover fish left in sidewalk trashcans for morning pickup, but last night was different. Chinatown smelled heavenly! Tent after tent, truck after truck, grills, mobile ovens, all serving up signature dishes. Though I wish now that I had devoted more time to developing patience and waiting in some of the longer lines, found myself at tents with short lines but still really great food. A tofu banh mi from QT, empanadas both beef and chicken from Cuba Libre, but the star of the night, my guinness stout chocolate cupcake with bailey's frosting from Sweetbox left me in an overwhelmingly happy state...roofied cupcakes? Probably not, but seriously good.
Other events of noted importance for the evening: the tip to check out the soon-to-open Hop Sing Laundromat, sure there's a lot of hype surrounding this spot, but for good reason...it's going to be awesome. There was also a killer dance party at the Friendship Gate that was shared with some great friends of mine, I have spent almost my entire Philadelphia life in Chinatown and never have I seen people having as great a time as forming a conga line and watching the cute little kids showing off their slick dance moves while swinging sparklers around.
This was exactly what I didn't know I wanted it to be, great food, prime Yelp celeb spotting, friends, laughs, dancing and general community togetherness. It's nights like this that make me fall in love with Philadelphia over and over again.Night Market is a great place to try a bunch of different food trucks that you normally don't see. That being said, it could get a little pricey. I wish the trucks had special items ranging from $1-$5 dollars (like the Baltimore Dollar Stroll or Girard Dollar Days) in addition to their full price menu items. 
This event also gets really crowded. I arrived right when it started at 6pm. By the time I got my first item, there were long lines at every other truck. 
Overall, this event is definitely one to check out, but be sure to get there early and be prepared to spend $5-$10 a plate.I loved Night Market! Such a variety of great food to choose from! It was a tough decision which trucks to order from. I highly recommend Delicias and Sweetbox. Those were my two favorites of the night! My only complain was the amount of people. It would be nice if it was in a larger area or more spread out. At times my group (of 4) got separated in the crowds. I will definitely be making a return to Night Market. I look forward to Chinatown in October!Who do I need to talk to to make this happen more often? Way too much fun, good food and drink and music to keep for one or two times a year!Lines are long when you are feeding the masses. For the night, South Street is shut down and different food vendors pack the streets. So much food to try and the aroma fills the night market.Nightmarket is one of my favorite things in Philadelphia - and I really just think that it gets better and better. When the weather gets nice out, the Food Trusts organizes these neighborhood by neighborhood, and every time there's a slightly different line of up of food trucks, vendors, and locally brewed Yards stands.  It's well organized, it's been crowd controlled better, and the quality of food is generally pretty up there. I recommend going to one of these if you are in town when they are going down! They are so very much lovely.
Basically, if you get there early, you have a better chance at being able to negotiate through want you want. I suggest you come hungry, and bring cash.  The stands and trucks offer cheap smallish to medium to large eats depending on what you want. I suggest early bc some places will sell out early.  Yards will generally have a few stands set up selling beer, and there will be some stands selling drinks other than beer.  Overall, it's a great street festival where you can walk around with your friends eating and drinking in a city you enjoy.Night Market 4.0 Chinatown was pretty awesome.  There were a lot of trucks that I hadn't heard of or seen at previous night markets.  I had pizza from Nomad, a kim chee burger from Chewy's, and a chicken banh mi from Vernalicious, as well as a few Yards Brawlers.  Everything was really good.  Yes, the lines got long, but the weather was pretty perfect so it wasn't a big deal.  Afterwards, we went over to Hop Sing Laundromat.  Can't wait for that to open.like many a sophomore effort, night market 2.0 had a lot of pressure on it to succeed....and i think it done just that.
there were many trucks....and many long lines, as to be expected. after starting with a tasty blood orange margarita from the cantina, i decided to make it a taco thursday, getting a plantain taco from honest tom's and one of the edamame variety from tyson bee's. each was delicious in their respective mexican & korean forms. def hope to hit up these trucks again.
it was a damn shame that just 2 hours into the event, the ominous sky turned uglier, bombarding us with gale force winds and raindrops aplenty. luckily for me i got there early and was leaving, satiated, by then anyway.
bring on night market 3.0!The Night Market on South Street was tons of fun.  
It was a great way to try out some food trucks that I've been stalking for ages but can never make it do since I'm working during the day.  The set up was awesome on South Street going from 9th all the way down to Front Street.  Lots of variety with the food trucks too.
The only complaint is that there were just SO MANY PEOPLE which not only made walking nearly impossible, but within a half hour of the market opening... the lines for trucks became insane.  I suppose it's a good thing for the trucks though!Finally attended a Night Market last week in Mt. Airy. Definitely LOVED the idea of it, but as others have noted, the crowds were intense. Managed to try takoyaki from the Maru Global booth and homemade gnocchi from one of the Italian booths, both of which were very good. But by the time we finished waiting in those lines (both of which were pretty long already), ALL the rest of the lines were way too daunting to even consider standing in. Very fun event and tasty food, but more vendors to thin out the crowds would be nice! If we go to another one, we'll get there as soon as it opens and make a beeline for the booths we're most interested in.I LOVE Philly Night Market, and the South Street one was my favorite!! Sooo many trucks (sooo many people), and so much great food to choose from. It's a little overwhelming. My advice, if you've never been to a night market,  GET THERE EARLY!!! Like 30 mins to an hour early, because 30mins after it started the lines were outrageous (a lot of trucks will open early)! Also, beware of stroller-pushing moms! Especially the double strollers (seriously, watch your toes)!!!
Oh and the best truck I ate from? Hands down, The Cow and the Curd!! My fiancé and I are in total agreeance, ridiculously delicious! We weren't even ready!!!When it first started out , you still had a chance to sample a plethora of options, but in recent times one has to have a plan of attack, and loads of minions to over come long lines at almost any food truck. 
That said , still a great conglomeration of food and festivities to take over a neighborhood , and it is only gonna get more talked about, so get on with the program.I've been to about 3 or 4 night markets. Last week I attended the Fairmount Night Market. I got there after 7pm with a group of friends. The streets were packed with thousands of people.  Ideally, I would have liked to have tried 3-4 different food trucks. But by 7:30pm, the lines were very long. I've found this to be the case at every night market that I have been to so go early with a plan. I also think it can be difficult to tell what type of food the individual trucks have since the lines are so long and so many people are packed in front of the trucks. I also wish they had more alcohol selections. It is great that you can drink in the designated streets but I wish there were more vendors selling alcoholic beverages. We got so sick of waiting in line and trying to find a bathroom that we spent half the night in Urban Saloon which to me defeats the purpose of a Night Market.
The concept of the Night Market is great and there is a great selection of vendors. This has made the Night Markets a huge success. But along with that huge success has come large crowds which I have found to be a bit unmanageable.Oh Night Market. I want to love it, but the lines make it unbearable sometimes. That being said, go early or go late and it's not so bad. The vendors are great and if you live in the burbs and can't get to these lunch trucks on any ol' day, it's a great venue to see it all and try and eat it all! Wish they had more booze available!"Forget it, Jake.  It's Chinatown."
[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cWnubJ9CEw]
Philly has a lot of food festivals, but the once-a-month, summertime, mobile Night Market is definitely a must-do.  This episode, 4 Oct 2012, was a return to Chinatown (last there in Oct 2011), a cross of food trucks, tents and tables centered on the intersection of N 10th and Race streets (where David's Mai Lai Wah is located).  By my count 55 food vendors, as smattering of arts & craft, public services, and some music and street performers.
Chinatown is the perfect place for NM, because you can also take advantage of the many stores that stay open late (NM runs 7-11PM).  Although I do wonder if their business improves or not?  Did anyone try to get into Hop Sing Laudromat?  Just curious how crowded it was.
We enjoyed:
Ka'Chi (Korean)--Always a long line, which is a good sign, but I was underwhelmed by the Kimbap (Korean maki roll; $5)
Lil' Pop Shop (popsicles)--My first time, very tasty, although as everyone says, small and expensive ($3)
Local 215 (locavore)--A must-try, the short rib on creamy polenta ($7) was large, filling, and one of the highlights of the night
Los Taquitos de Puebla (Mexican)--Tacos al Pastor, 3 tasty softshells, ask for the spicy red sauce ($8)
Philadelphia Distillery--White whiskey + ginger beer ($6) was pretty potent, there was a long line which I somehow didn't notice and got away with cutting right to the front!  Sorry!
QT Vietnamese Sandwich (or was this Vietname Restaurant?)--Tofu Banh Mi ($5), hard to believe but my first ever Banh Mi (I don't get out much?), this was super tasty and my favorite dish of the evening
Zea May's (Native American)--Sweet potato empanada ($5), not that exciting, and a sangria lemonade (no EtOH)
I was excited to try Matt Levin's Square Peg, but I'm sorry dude, your fried drumsticks just looked too boring (although the DJ and light show was appreciated)
Some dishes were large, others were not, but as you can see, the prices can add up.  However, lot of fun and a good place to meet a group and graze your way up and down on the street.  But take my advice and get there at 6:30PM (many of the vendors start selling before 7PM) because it gets super croweded as the evening goes on, and some of the lines get ridiculous (25 min for that Kimbap was definitely not worth it).
Sadly, this is the last Night Market for 2012, so we'll have to wait for next summer...
Parking was easy in one of the many open-air lots along Vine St, which offer discounted $6 parking for NM.
Sláinte!Complete Zoo. Lines up to 50+ at most of the popular food trucks even as early as 7pm. Really wish they would do an additional day to help the crowd concerns a little.Just okay. Food trucks are alright and quite expensive. Some trucks don't look very gourmet but are selling for gourmet prices. Hit food trucks not at night market for better deals.I had a decent time at the Night Market in Fairmount and discovered the Nomad Pizza truck which made me super-happy. But I have to admit that I was a bit underwhelmed by the overall experience. Tens upon tens of food trucks and stands sounds amazing until you realize you only have one stomach. Somehow I thought the vendors would be selling sample sizes of items but most things were large enough for a heavy app at least, so once you eat two or three of those, you're done. At least, that's what I found.
The lines were absurdly long. Absurd. It just does not make much sense to me to come here to spend an hour in line at a truck I could go to almost any other time.
My main recommendation to the organizers would be to set up a ticket system where attendees can buy a certain number of tickets and then use the tickets at each booth. It would make the lines go much faster if vendors did not have to make change.
My main recommendation to attendees would be to try to get there along with somebody who likes to eat so you can split things and hopefully sample more items. Although in all honesty more items = more lines and I'm just not sure if that's worth it.
Oh and come early if you want parking in the lot near Eastern State Penitentiary. I was fortunate to snag a spot but it was packed pretty solid after that.13 Night Market Hacks that will ensure an awesome time at Nightmarket Chinatown:
1. Get some friends together (I hope they like sharing and if they don't, why are you friends with them?!).
2. Make sure you have cash, preferably small bills.
3. Study the list of vendors/food offerings before arrival.
4. Choose ONE (1) food offering you absolutely need to try. 
5. Make sure your friends also choose ONE (1) offering they need to try, that you also happen to like, and hopefully is easily splitable (1 meatball slider-bad, 3 meatball slider combo-good).
6. Get there BEFORE the Nightmarket begins. A half hour is good.
7. Pick up a map of where the trucks are from one of the friendly Night Market Attendants.
8. Go find your truck of choice. Stand there and wait. Have your friends do the same. (We chose Undergrnd Donuts. They were amazing, but the line was at least 10 people long a half hour before the truck even opened)
9. Get your one friend who doesn't really care about the food truck offerings to scope out short food truck lines, food trucks that are cheating and handing out food before start time (Mama's Meatballs did this, and they were really delicious), or little stands run by restaurant owners with no line at all (Happy Noodle Bar had an awesome lady standing outside offering spicy noodles and "chinese burgers" for $4 each, no line, huge portion, 5 second delay from when I paid until food was in my mouth). Get them to feed you while you wait in line. 
10. Stop in a restaurant and get some $3 Tsingtao. No line,  no wrist band. 
11. Go track down some entertainment,  whether it's drum performances,  break dancers, live bands, really bad karaoke (sorry that was me), or even Philly Jesus! 
12. Don't flip out because it's too crowded. In Asia,  it's like this all the time,  so that old Chinese lady does not think she's standing too close to you, even if you do. 
13. Check out some places in Chinatown you've been wanting to try like Audabon's Bake Shop ( awesome macarons), David's Mai Lah Wah, Nan Zhou, Dim Sum Garden, Penang, or Tasty Place!
Night Market- come for the food,  stay for the fun,  leave because it's super crowded and it's past your bedtime on a school night.I'm glad I finally got to attend a night market, and I'm even happier that it was only 5minutes away in Mt Airy.
I arrived around 7:30 and the place was packed... I mean lines were crazy... I didn't have the patience to wait in any of them but I did check out the vendors, and get some cool lemonade ( made under the shade lemonade? YUM) 
Apparently there was a yelp table, how the $#%$# did I miss that? 
Based on reviews of previous night markets this one seemed to work out much better. 
I can't wait for another one where I might actually get in a line ( or arrive earlier) in order to try some of that food that smelled oh so delicious!I finally had a chance to experience Night Market last night in its return to Chinatown.  "Yay! I'm a fan" is the perfect way to put it.  
Its part food fest, part art fest, part block party.  I don't know how to describe it other than to recommend you check one out.  Come hungry, be prepared to wait in line for the better eats, and don't be afraid to explore without a plan!Night Market offers the chance to try many different food trucks as part of a street fare. But the secret is out and everyone shows up to these events. This means that you should be prepare for long lines and even longer waits. But overall, it's a fun time and a unique experience.First time night marketing with my daughter snd let me tell you itll probably be the last...S.L.A.L. (super long ass lines) for food that was sub par at best....fried chix..thai coconut tacos yea right..no seasoning no coconut..and def no thai flavors if I weren chewing I woundnt know I was eating anything...trashed...tried a bbq parfait not too bad loved the concept tho...had a two lb cupcake with the mile high doodle imitated icing look b.t.w why can't people just ice the entire cupcake..jeez 3 bucks and a half for what heavy gummy dough..and the nail was the 5.00 lemoncello lemonade with a shot of vodka...damn that sounded good how can you eff that up...well its possible because I didnt taste the lemon...nor the ade..yet alone the lemoncello and where the hell was the vodka?...this was good for people that were hella tore up and needed anything to eat ...folks who just want to be out gallavanting on South Street and the vendors who were laughing all the way to the damn bank...Night Market: Old City Edition was my first experience with the Night Market. It was not exactly what I was expecting. We came early in an effort to avoid the worst of the crowds, but if we did, then I probably wouldn't survive the worst of the crowds because I would suffocate to death. So many people, so many strollers, so much activity! Here's essentially how it went down:
"Want to get something here?"
"I don't know, the line is super long and we don't know what's over there. Let's go investigate and come back later."
*repeat until we've traversed the entire market*
"Wanna go back to any of those places?"
"And wade through THAT crowd? Let's just go to Sass."
And so it was. It was fun to walk around and see all of the food trucks, and it smelled amazing, but the risk of getting bumped and dropping/spilling food on others and self was high, and ultimately it was more rewarding to head to Sassafras for Night Market specials.I am loving these block parties where they block off a street for the masses to come out.  Mind you this was my first ever Night Market experience where it was a sea of people.  Foodies taking over Old City like it was nothing!  If you have A.D.H.D. or A.D.D. this could be your nightmare, but if not than let's get it on!
Myself I'd have to say what better way to start it off than in Old City where they had 3rd St. blocked off from Market to Race. An event where they had an over flow of food trucks that just spilled into the side streets along the way. If you couldn't find something to satisfy your crave , your hunger, your thirst  with 85 plus vendors I don't know what to tell you. Yes you read that correctly 85 food and beverage to tickle anyones fancy.  
Lines and more lines just to sample amazing food that these little restaurants on wheels provide for you. The food, if it wasn't on wheels then there were in tents set up to feed the hungry. I myself was overwhelmed with the options. A big block party of all sorts was going on, where you didn't know what to try next.  
Do I go meat? A Meatball line, well  I am a carnivore. Do I go with lobster or crab ? Hmm well let's make it a Surf and Turf combo, problem solved.  Do I go with pasta? Gnocchi or 4 cheese Mac and Cheese?  Wait did I just see a Perogie stand? Why is his Pork sandwich better than yours? Stuffed sausage with  provolone ? Pork Roll fries seriously? I think I smell donuts? That is what you'll experience, an endless amount of options to peruse.
The food from a variety of cultures from European to Asian,  American to Indian, a world affair of deliciousness! I also loved the tents of alcohol that were set up in just the right spots. Strategically placed with Yards being the one of the main choices for beer  to Cuba Libre's tent of mixed concoctions. HELLO this event just blew it up with the perfect 1, 2 punch, great savory food and drinks. 
The dessert, simply unreal if the food didn't do you in, this did. Underground donuts is all I am saying with that sweet aroma filling the night air. As much as I am loyal to Federal Donuts, seeing I feel they are superior, Underground was pushing the limits. Yes there were more desserts , cupcakes, ice cream, pies and so forth to be had.  A fresh hot chocolate donut coming out of the fryer and to your hands , it simply doesn't get any better.
I know this is not your usual suburbia types of block parties, Philly basically just showed you how its done. Along with the great food, hoards of on goers getting their faced stuffed, drinks being drank. They also have vendors who sell trinkets to buy . 
I'm hooked on Night Market , can't wait for the next one and so forth.This is one of the best events to anually pop up each year. They coordinate a night market about each month through spring to fall, and it's it's a blast!!!  The night market is basically a killer collection of food trucks that invade a neighborhood for a few hours on one night. They offer Yards Beer, live music and tables along the street to take a load off and hang out.  I bought a ticket this year, and it was pretty much worth it for 45 bux, but not 60. The ticket gets you an item (usually pre chosen by the vender) from 15 venders, and free Beer....now that made it worth it!!! free refills of Yards brawler and IPA .... Hell Yeah!!!
Be prepared for some really long libes, so good luck trying something from 15 of the venders....not to mention, you might want something from a non participating food truck.
If your into donating to keep this thing alive!!!! then by all means buy a ticket!!! and be a friend of the Food trust's night market....it is one of the best events going on in the city.We heard a lot about this event and it receives many positive reviews. We showed up. 
May food trucks? Yes
Live music? Yes
Good music? Yes
A lot of people? Yes
Parking issue? Medium
I am sure there are other trucks that serve great food. But we tried a few and had a horrible experience. 
At the Tacomondo, we got the Peking duck scallion pancake tacos, Smoked brisket tacos, and Chorizo empanada. The smoke brisket wasn't taste or smelled smoke at all. The meat was cold served w a few diced onions and slop of wet/runny guacamole sauce. It was tasteless. The tortillas taste undercook. There was a reason why we got double tortillas because they break easily.  I am sure there was salt somewhere in there but wasn't showing up. The price for two small empanadas and two smoked brisket tacos were 14 dollars. Quite pricey? My friend got the Peking duck scallion. She described it as "my duck tacos were nasty. It mixed with something sour and something nasty". 
The Made In The Shade Lemonade stand. The lemonade tasted like water with lemon. No sugar. Maybe this is their lean version?? sugar free? If I have known, I probably got the 1 buck water bottle from the girl across from the stand. It was 4 buck for 1. 
We got Sweet plantain from the Jamaican stand. It was good despite the it was soaking in oil.  5 buck for a handful. 
The Dumping Truck serves some average fried dumplings with 8 bucks for 6 dumplings. If you want equal or better dumplings, you go to Tai Lake restaurant and get yourself 8 dumplings for 9 bucks. 
By this time, we stopped eating because we were scarred. I have to say that the food was overpriced. However, pricing is not an issue. But we do expect the taste is fixed according to the price. Or at least taste good!
I think it was fun showing up to hang out with friends. We will not show up again for quite sometimes because of the food taste experience. However, if someone plans to go. They should get a pizza and share with friends and perhaps drink a few beers.an HFM - I love my hood but when the uncouth and rude take it over i just cant deal. I really wish they would offer a better solution for NightMarket like pre purcahsed food/drink  tickets , and lines with some  sort of order.
I will say if you arrive at the start your chances of being full and not annoyed are better than most.
Farm Truck was fuggin legit the most amazing shrimp taco. and of course there were staples like pop shop, vernalicous and tyson bees. 
I love the concept but just wish it was executed betterWell it was obviously a success even know the website was just about the most annoying website ever. An invite? How about just posting all of your info on one page instead of falling in love with your graphic? It was poorly laid out as the lines extended into the common areas. All of the popular trucks were sandwiched next to each other, creating a cluster f-ck. All you heard was "excuse me, excuse me, excuse me". The food was really good. Oxtail was incredible and Jimmie's cupcakes were really tasty and warm! I suggest using a wider street in the spring, or lay it out differently. One of the things the truck owners could have done is set up a table behind their truck to sell their products twice as fast. Also, you smokers, is it really necessary to smoke a cig in such a tight crowd? damn! 
p.s. some port-o-potties would have been nice.This is one of my favorite things about Philly.  Last year before my first attendance, I was skeptical, but now I legit feel bad for other cities who don't have this event.
To be perfectly honest, the crowds can get rough, and you can expect to wait in line for the most popular trucks and stands, like Luke's Lobster, Cow & the Curd, and the macaroon truck.  Still, I've never waited unbearably long.  Also, the team at the Food Trust diligently collect s feedback and tries to make changes accordingly, so I expect the next events to be more spread out and therefore less packed. 
The summer night air, jamming music, delicious food, and conglomeration of people is a winning combo. I highly recommend checking this event out.Cool music to listen to? Check.
Lots of food trucks? Check.
Lots of drinks? Check.
Lots of people? Alllllll the checks.
I went to the Chinatown edition of Night Market, so it already had a lot of hype surrounding the event. There were tons of food trucks serving their best wares (and the crowds flocking to them confirmed this fact), stations for beer and wine, bands performing under the Chinatown arch, and even impromptu breakdancing. Another highlight was the karaoke tent put up by Yakitori Boy, complete with the lyrics projected onto a nearby building. 
Although I had a good time, the relentless crowds made Night Market fall down a few notches on my list of festival-type events (parking was a nightmare, of course). My advice: go for the crowds and the atmosphere, get there early to grab drinks, but stop on the sides to get a plate of noodles from the local restaurants instead of being lodged in a mile-long line.For several years now, I've attended the Chinatown outpost of Philly's Night Market. Sponsored by the Food Trust, Night Market is an annual occurrence in Fairmount, West Oak Lane, South Street, and of course, Chinatown. Chinatown typically completes the season for the Night Market and it's always packed!
In 2013, Chipotle was on hand to offer free tastes of their new menu offerings.
Alla Spina and other local restaurants were offering tasty bites and drinks throughout the night. Wursthaus Schmitz was on hand to dish out fried bologna and roast pork sandwiches! And for those with a sweet tooth, Little Baby's Ice Cream was offering unique flavors to test your palate.
Mac Mart Food Truck
But being who I am, I needed something to satiate the belly of a pig. So it was my gluttonous pleasure to finally indulge in some mac from Mac Mart Truck.
Heart Attack Mac ($8)
Caramelized onions, crispy bacon, Parm-Panko topping
Creamy cheese, al dente macaroni, salty bacon, hearty caramelized onions, and crispy Panko Parmsan made for an amazing bite. A spritz of Frank's only served to heighten the flavor with the added bit of garlic and heat. Yum.
Sum Pig Food Truck
After seeing a beast of a dish from a neighboring Night Marketer, I had to stop by the Sum Pig food truck. 
Smoked Pork Parfait ($10)
Smoked pork, cheesy mashed potatoes, collard greens, Caribbean corn, BBQ sauce, thick-cut applewood smoked bacon
Take a gander. The thick-cut caramelized bacon sold me on this purchase, but to be truthful, it was more of an interesting dish in conception, but not in execution. There were smoky hints of spice from the barbeque sauce and plenty of mashed potatoes, but other than the bacon, there was simply no texture. Even the corn within became a mushy bite. Way too many different flavors to appreciate each the dish. Regardless, it was fun to try.
So while not all the dishes at the Night Market hit the mark for this pig, the Food Trust always puts on a great show. If you stop by later this year, be sure to head over to the Chinatown Arch to enjoy the DJ spinning beats throughout the night! And of course, support Philly's Food Trust!Mt Airy's Night Market was last week and it was pretty awesome!! The music was really decent, and they did a great job with the stage and sound system for this event. As for the food, Wow, we were both really blown away by Local 215's offering of Pork Belly and Polenta. Kachi Korean Tacos were killer too, as were the Lil Popsicle shops offerings. 
Once again, The Night Market event is a winner!!!!
Do yourself a favor and get to one of these events, it's a blast!!I really have enjoyed the few times I stopped by Night Market!  This particular one was in the 'Overbrook' Neighborhood!  It began at 63rd & Lancaster Aves and stretched a few blocks down to 61st Street! 
The blocks were filled with food trucks with many offerings from:  Turkish, Mexican and Indian Cuisine To Soul Food and desserts to finish off your evening!  There was beer and water ice too!
I really enjoy seeing families and community members who come out to these events to celebrate the diversity of what each neighborhood offers!
Downside:  The lines...they are soooooo long and this is disappointing because you can't sample all the food you would like!
I am excited to eat and drink my way through the next one! See ya there!Here's how a visit to Night Market usually goes for me:
The week of the event: "Omg, Night Market is coming this week. Sah-weet!"
Day of the event, approx 3 pm:  "Wow, I'm so glad they posted the food truck lineup so I can engage in some food porn while sitting at work"
Walking up to the event:  "Look at all these food trucks!  Wow, a food truck just for mac n cheese?  A food truck for just cupcakes?  A food truck that's a fusion of Thai-Indian-Italian, served in taco form?  Heck yes"
Standing in line for the chosen food truck:  "Ugh, can this line go any slower?  And there are still 15 people ahead of us.  Womp womp"
Eating my food:  "Wow, this food is amazing and totally worth the wait and having to plow through a mass of people, while balancing my $8 sandwich, in order to find an uncrowded place to actually eat this"
5 minutes after eating my food:  "Damn, that was good.  But I'm still hungry.  But do I want to wait in another line? Hmm..."
30 minutes after eating my food:  "It was totally a great decision to leave Night Market and go to a bar instead where we can sit down, get food/drinks in a reasonable amount of time, and not have to walk through a mob of people like we are cattle going to slaughter.  Omg, I love Night Market- I can't wait for the next one!"
And that, folks, is how every single Night Market plays out for me.I waited in line for almost 45 minutes for some shitty chicken wings and candied yams. 
Total waste of my time. I should have waited on line for cupcakes instead. 
If they have this again, they seriously need to work on the organization and accommodation for such a large turn out.Amazing in theory, and very abundant in potential! but do to a vast number of reasons Night Market just completely failed to deliver. But since it was very apparent that they were test driving the first one before (hopefully) sending out a more well oiled version next year; and because this event has been heavy on feedback and suggestions, I'm more than happy to break it down for them as best I can. And since it looks like my 6:30 arrival clocked me in at arriving sooner than everyone else who hooked up a review, I might just be able to add a little more extended insight. Break it down!
Variety - Since the first food options I immediately noticed were three flavors of taco, ceviche, savory crepes, gelato, and cupcakes; it looked more like a Latin food and dessert fest rather than a market that celebrated the ultimate diversity of Philly's food culture. Since my tooth feeling partially sweet at the time, I've had the benefit  of enjoying Honest Tom's on way too many wonderful weekends; and because I boycotted Coup De Taco when they were rocking the Entourage, my selections were pretty easy. But I could easily understand why so many people could be disappointed by such an atrocious lack of variety. When I think of Food Trucks I normally think beyond the tacos and see Middle Eastern at the Falafel Truck and Rami's, vegetarian at Magic Carpet, hot dogs at Dapper Dog, Korean at Koja, and then some, and when I think of South Philly I normally think of one of the most diverse epicenters of food Philly has to offer. So considering both its pretty easy to see how they could have extended the whole market at least by a whole extra block for options.
Over hyped, under delivered - When you talk up an event as Night Market was talked up you can already expect to be prepared for a crap ton of people. And when you hype it up even more so after a rain delay extends  the wait a week, you can expect those masses to be double with anticipation. When you work with restaurants who are generally used to keeping their food within their element, and food trucks that are generally used to working within a set spot for a set amount of hours; it's generally up to you to communicate that they should expect those masses, and help them figure out how they might be able to come better prepared for it. And that was something that clearly missed its mark by a longshot.
But despite those two heavily waited flaws all wasn't that lost. When food was had it was enthusiastically savored. as always Attia Taylor's music was pretty hot. and it was great to see local businesses  like Green Aisle Grocery and and the garden store involved. So while the kinks in the armor where ABUNDANTLY clear, Night Market did sustain enough of a minor victory to constitute another few good attempts at becoming even more of a winner. So here's looking at 2011!I'm a bit late to the jump when it comes to say how greatly the 2nd Night Market had improved over the first. But since I'm doing so 5 days before the 3rd Night Market takes over Mount Airy that might not necessarily be a bad thing.
Its good when a major event listens to criticism and strives to do something about it for the better. And the people behind Night Market definitely listened to all the complaints brought on by the first attempt and took them to heart. And the end result led to a well oiled machine that delivered more food trucks that were better prepared for the hype, as well as a good helping of beer!
A major complaint about the first Night Market was that it was a Taco City that failed to utilize the full scope of Philly's food truck variety. This time they brought it Philly's food truck epicenter of University City, nearly tripled the amount of trucks, and definitely ensured that variety. from tacos, to hot dogs, to Asian food, to coffee and dessert; they pretty much had it all..
The larger number of trucks in tow definitely helped to appease the 1st Night Market's 2nd & 3rd major problems of insanely long lines and food running out too fast. But taking over single parking lot to keep it in a contained space, and better preparing the trucks for the outcome also greatly helped matter.
The location also accommodated more spaces for people to enjoy food at, and made it much more easier to enjoy side attractions like the music and hula hoop dancer. The most welcome new edition was by far the beer tent, and Blockley Pourhouse definitely did a good job of keeping its kegs diverse and interesting.
So for the better its fair to say that the 1st and 2nd markets were as different as night and day. And the 3rd should be even more of a step in the right direction!The Chinatown Night Market was not for the crowd-fearing, nor the heavy-footed foodie. The streets were absolutely mobbed, and navigating the crowd required some serious darting & weaving in order to get anywhere. But the idea of the Night Market is brilliant, and I now have a much stronger appreciation for fleet of food trucks that roam our city!
Standout offerings:
Twelve Baskets - their Azukies 'n Cream Cupcakes were mind blowing. Soft red bean cake topped with fluffy azuki frosting... oh my!
Alla Spina - North Philly Sausage Cheesesteak on a Pretzel Roll..... 'nuff said! 
Next year I'll definitley go out of my way to hit up a more distantly scheduled Night Market to see if the crowds don't abate somewhat!I have to commend the staff of Night Market.  You really have your stuff together.  I've seen nothing but extreme professionalism and smiling faces.  The food trucks are set and ready to go on time, the power is all hooked up, and police/EMTs are in place (and friendly).  I've never coordinated events on this level before, but I can imaging there's a lot that goes on behind the scenes.  It's evident everyone loves Night Market because we keep coming back!  Excellent job everyone working/volunteering!The Mount Airy version of Night Market was the first I was able to attend. We arrived early to set up the Yelp table, and this turned out to be the prime time for hitting up the vendors. After about the first 45 minutes, the lines were long - too long for an impatient girl like myself. I did manage to enjoy a glass of red sangria from Avenida and a white wine from the Wine Thief table, before heading back to Wine Thief's restaurant for dinner after my hungry stomach got the best of me.
I did get to try a bite of my boyfriend's tacos al pastor, shaved from the spinning, roasting pork. It was incredible, and I look forward to checking out their food truck sometime. During regular hours, with a regular line, that is. 
Don't get me wrong - I welcome any opportunity to see tons of friends while enjoying good food and a few drinks. Perhaps if the Night Market series continues to be a regular thing, crowds will thin out a bit and lines won't be so crazy. Looking forward to the next one, either way!Need to have these year round what a good time. Must have been 15000 people at my first one. I have been to 4. What a awesome idea. Food trucks bands and beer. Lines were long but worth the wait.