I have no idea how there are 5 star reviews for this place. You can get better sushi at a grocery store and don't have to wait for an hour to have it on your table. 
Having had sushi at a number of different places in the city, we came across Nigiyaka Na by the great yelp reviews. We arrived at 8 pm and we were the only people in the entire restaurant. The waitress came over and took our order. (4 sushi rolls and seaweed salad). Being the only couple in the restaurant, we thought we would be getting our food in a timely manner. We didn't get our sushi until after 9 pm and we kept thinking that it could be worth it from what previous yelpers reviewed. Honestly, I have had better sushi from Whole Foods than what was presented at our table. A recurring theme in previous reviews happened to us as well. After we received our sushi, the chef came by our table and apologized for it taking so long (which we thought was odd since we were the only people in the entire restaurant) It was a nice gesture, but the food didn't make up for the apology. 
If you are looking for affordable, good quality sush, and great customer service, I would head elsewhere.Terrific place. We got two bowls of their ramen. Delicious broth with deep, complex flavor. Nice use of pork belly, ginger, mushrooms and more. Great service and they're BYOB to boot. Hit this place up while it's still a hidden gem!Incredibly flavorful food. Ambience is pleasant and modern with good lighting. Small interior is used very well with a combination of tables and sushi bar.
I had Miso Ramen and an Alaska Roll. The presentation was delightful for both. My ramen was a delicious myriad of savory ingredients including the most succulent pork I've ever eaten. I enjoyed the freshness of the roll as much as the taste. 
Staff is very friendly and courteous. All around, great experience. Plus they deliver! A+The place does not look like much from the outside but my Hubby and I decided to give it a try since it had mixed reviews on Yelp.
Pro's
-Nice inside and very clean 
-Not busy, will get service right away 
-Got the sushi for two and it was filling and delicious 
-the fish was fresh and they served very generous pieces 
Con's 
-dirty front door: this is the reason I didn't want to try it but inside is completely different. 
-while the sushi for 2 was filling and delicious, we thought $40 was too much considering that their competition is Terrayn and they have $25 for 56 pieces. 
- I got the tempura ice cream which was just ok. The whip cream and sprinkles was too much. 
The owner told is he is going to be doing all you can eat soon. We look forward to it. Will def go backWas excited to see a new sushi place open up a block away from my apartment, as there are not many in the area.  Got two specialty rolls for a relatively low price.  Nothing flashy or fancy about the restaurant, but if you're looking for some quick and delicious rolls of sushi, this is your place.Really great food, prices aren't terrible. $40 including tip for two specialty rolls and two regular rolls to be delivered quickly.I ordered delivery from here tonight with an estimated delivery time of 45-60 min. After 1hr 20 min I contacted eat24 and was told that my order was out for delivery. I ended up contacting eat24 again when 20 min had gone by and it still had not arrived. All together my order to 1hr and 40 min to get here. The food was fine but the lack of communication and the long delivery time makes me certain I will never order from here again.Ordered several different rolls, soup, spring roll and ice cream. Delivery was on time and food was excellent and fresh. We will be trying again soon!This place is pretty okay. Their sushi taste pretty good and the pricing isn't that bad. It's a nice and small little restaurant, but the food inside doesn't disappoint. Yes, there are some better sushi places, but this place is great for the price! Also, it doesn't just hold sushi, they have ramen, bentos and different types of entree, which I recommend the Shrimp Tempura Entree with veggies. Also, they have a pretty good tempura ice cream!I have been to this sushi restaurant three times now and have always had a pleasant experience. I used to go to Fat Salmon in Center City, but when I moved to East Passyunk I went looking for a nearby sushi spot. This place is perfect: BYOB and super friendly staff. The sushi here is just as good if not better than Fat Salmon. I highly recommend the fire roll and the green dragon roll.Amazing. Was craving Japanese food so my boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place on Grubhub. We pass it all the time but never checked it out until today. The spicy tuna roll and the chicken yaki udon was fantastic. My boyfriend had the chicken teriyaki and he said the flavor was incredible. 
Definitely coming back to actually eat at the restaurant since the staff was so friendly!Convenience is key for us here! We have been here about 5 times since the grand opening. sushi is AMAZING and fresh. The teriyaki chicken is perfect, it's actually real chicken!! I am very picky with my sushi and I love every single roll from here so far! My boyfriend and I typically get about 6-8 different rolls and share. Staff is friendly, restaurant is clean, and menu is huge. I love this place :) one day I was walking down the street and heard people outside talking about how amazing it is, glad the neighborhood feels the same way as we do! I love the fact that the sushi bar chef comes over each time and asks how the rolls are personally. Wish I could give this place 10 stars!Yea not a fan. I love Asian food, sushi, ramen, and whatever else you can throw at me. I'd rather get Chinese take out than order from here again
Full disclosure: I've only ever had takeout and delivery. Either eau, the food was really disappointing. Things were over cooked, under cooked, wrong, hastily prepared, and on and on and on. I've had enough cod from here where I won't be attempting to dine in ever. 
The place wasn't awful. They bill themselves as a higher standard Chinese take out, but they really miss the mark. I'd rather order from Terryin which has consistently kept me a happy customer. Similar menu with much better execution. 
Not terrible but not worth the price.m for takeout or delivery.My husband and I ordered sushi and it simply was not good. Started with the seaweed salad which was decent but it all went downhill from there.  We got an eel and cucumber roll that was oddly sweet,  didn't have much eel and the cucumbers weren't crunchy. Got the Vegas roll that was also kinda sweet and just tasted odd, with no lobster flavor at all, a golden California roll which barely had any tobiko sprinkled on it when at other restaurants the tobiko has been mounded on top. Maybe we should be happy about that because the tobiko sushi tasted like dirty seawater and had no crunch at all. The yellowtail scallion was the best roll but that's not saying much. Salmon and tuna sashimi were not high quality and not fresh. Tried to give it to my dog when we didn't finish (very unusual. We love sushi!) and he literally wouldn't eat it either! Will not try again!I ordered a tempura appetizer, fried pork dumplings and shoyu ramen.
The tempura vegetables were good, but I didn't like the texture of the shrimp. . 
Dumplings are my favorite food, and these were good but nothing special.
Shoyu ramen was awful.  It tasted like greasy pepper water. The eggs were overcooked, with weird firm jelly-like yolks. I didn't even try to eat them because they looked so bad. The vegetables were also terrible. They weren't fresh, and had a dirt-like flavor. I bit into one bamboo shoot that was hard and woody and scraped my mouth on it. That's when I gave up and just threw away the whole bowl of soup.
I'm really disappointed by this place. Maybe they have good sushi, but I'm not willing to try them again after trying their ramen.Wonderful, attentive service, solid food. Everything was delicious, especially for the price. The miso soup had mushrooms in it, which I always love.I had seen this place several times and always wondered how good it was. After reading some reviews on yelp I decided to give it a try and to my surprise was very happy with the outcome! The sushi and sashimi  were great, very fresh and tasty and the prices were very reasonable. It's great to know that there's a quality sushi place in the neighborhood and I plan on ordering from there whenever I get the craving for sushi or ramen.Food was great...ordered two sushi rolls. Nothing out of this world, but for a south philly sushi order out, this is it! I live around the corner and called ahead. They said a wait time for 20 mins, but called me within 15! So I walked over and picked it up. Quick & easy. Family who owns it was extremely nice as well.Friendly, warm atmosphere, delicious tea, gyoza soup, new york roll, and tempura ice cream!Excellent sushi! Tuna and salmon rolls, yuummmmy yummmmy!! Miso soup is also great, mushrooms are a great addition! Sushi chef is the owner and very kind. Will be ordering take out from here often!I just moved to this neighborhood and was having a major sushi craving. I try not to be a sushi snob, but I was expecting that I was going to be settling by stopping here just to get the craving out of the way. Not true at all! The sushi was fresh, delicious, and high quality. The prices are pretty great an they even do free delivery over $20. Great find - I will be back soon!Order took over 2 hours. Had to call after 2 hours and food clearly hadn't left for delivery yet. Food came here and was cold, not very good, and too fishy. 
Plenty of good sushi places to order from this place, would skip on delivery from here.So disappointed!! Awful fish to rice ratio. Also the rolls were super messy. Half of the small amoint of fish was on the bottom of the roll. Unfortunately won't be ordering from here again. There are much better sushi options in the city.We have never tried ramen outside of starving college food. I will have to say that this place gave me new insight. I got the beef and it was absolutely amazing! I recommend this place to locals and visitors looking for a filling meal!This is the worst sushi I've ever had and it's expensive. The tuna in the rolls wasn't whole, it was a ground paste. The online ordering system was a mess. I was told I could pay anyway I preferred but the driver wasn't prepared. We were told the soup was free but the owner called us to tell us we would be charged. He knew about the problems with the site but didn't apologize and expected us to pay for problems with the ordering system. I was super excited about this place opening in the neighborhood. Alas, with this service and quality I'm certain they'll be closed in no time. #terrible. don't order from here!!!The sushi was truly amazing!! The negative reviews on Yelp seemed to be regarding their Ramen, but everything I tried from their spring rolls to their sushi was delicious. Many other Sushi places in South Philly are either overpriced or not overly impressive but after trying this place I've found my new favorite sushi spot in the area. I felt the menu provided a lot of options at affordable prices and all of the ingredients looked fresh. Although the outside may not draw you in, the people that worked there were very warm and friendly. I cannot speak on behalf of the ramen, not my thing, but the sushi was delicious.Quick review: wide variety of consistently well-executed rolls, friendly owner/chef, BYOB, nice atmosphere with tables for larger groups or can sit at sushi counter. This most recent meal in addition to sushi we ordered Tempura Rock Shrimp in Spicy Mayo and avocado salad. Both were excellent. They also have ramen, entrees, deserts. However, sushi is what I come here for. Also delivers.By their corner store awning, you wouldn't think this was a Japanese restaurant! But not only is there a Thai restaurant in the vicinity, but now we have a decent sushi spot for eat in/take out and delivery! There is seating if you are waiting to be seated or takeout, but it was empty that we could sit anywhere we wanted (Tuesday night). 
The cravings were pointing to sushi so we got the typical order (eel avocado, salmon avocado, spicy tuna, tuna avocado) plus a special roll (black dragon). We watched The Voice while the chef made our sushi, which took a reasonable amount of time. The sushi was great! Granted, I am no sushi snob but this place could definitely takeover as my go-to sushi spot. It's tasty, reasonably priced (bill came to $36) and local to me (I live a block away).
The service was great and very nice people (chef, server, chef's son and another woman who may be chef's wife). It is very cool and clean inside. There are signs on their menu that they accept credit/debit card but when they picked up the payment, they informed us that they never received the machine so I had to run to the closest corner store to use their ATM. Hopefully this week they will be able to accept credit/debit!
Also worth noting that the chef mentioned he was formerly at Morimoto and Fat Salmon ;)
Highly recommended. Hope to try more of their menu.I was looking for ramen restaurant before then I found this, I am a bit disappointed with their ramen. Well, a bit pricey for ramen that not really taste like ramen (like Terakawa, RaiRai,Hiro,etc) I better eat other place for ramen. The soup was salty and too much pepper. 
There are only 1 reason I give these stars. 
I love the Kwetiau Goreng!!! Either pork, beef or seafood, I tried them all! The pork was sweet, they sliced it very thin, it really really good! And that's the only reason I come here almost every week, just to buy the Kwetiau!!One of the worst meals of my life. The softshell crab appetizer tasted like I'm going to get food poisoning!!  Even the salad dressing was off.  How do you mess up ginger salad dressing?   Spicy combo all tasted the same like old fish. Seaweed salad was flavorless.  Shumai was the only thing that was edible.  Gross.I've eaten here once and ordered GrubHub from here 3 times. I'm not sure about other people's experiences, but my food and my experience have always been great. Delivery has been very timely/faster than average. The Tan Tan Ramen (spicy miso/chicken broth) was great -- I especially appreciated how they packaged this to go. Broth was separately packed and still pretty hot at arrival. Spicy Tuna Roll was pretty spot on. Would order from here again.Ordered via grub hub one night and took 3 hours for delivery and when we called to complain for the wait the staff was rude and non accommodating and finished with a insult of 10% refund on large order. Food was below average even for the most popular ordered sushi rolls. Safe to say me and my friends will never let curiosity get the best of us again...just don't click order.The sushi was truly disgusting. I thought there would be fresh whole pieces of tuna and salmon, but that was not the case. It was more like fishy mush than fresh whole pieces of raw fish. The chicken yakatori was impossibly dry and over cooked. So much so that I couldn't get some of the pieces off the skewer. The miso soup tasted like dirty sneakers. I had the food delivered and it took an hour and a half to arrive. Save your money and don't order food from here.I have been loyal customer aince 2015 I always ordered every Friday orders over 160 dollars had mostly great food
Today I decided to get smaller order for ninety dollars so ordered four green dragon rolls it supposed to had eel but was no eel only rice nori and old avocado and cucumber 
Also ordered four rock rolls for my coworker she show me her roll no eel there too
What's wrong guys it's a shame u lost a customer today cause when I called u refuse to give me money back even after i did sent photo of what I call eel roll 
Sad but I will go to another place 
Don't recommend to anyone don't waste your time and money
By the way i was waited almost hour and half for delivery which I ordered in advance
Shame!I ordered here from grub hub a few times. They are opened late which is a plus! The sushi is just OK and I ordered spicy mayo and never got it. Twice. This place is good when u are late night craving sushiBad Service. 
Bad Management.
Mediocure Food.
The food is okay, but the service and management are terrible they obviously don't care about their customers, and in a city like philly with fantastic restaurants I will never eat there again.
When I spoke to a manager to discuss my complaint. He told me that It was to bad. Not his problem at all. Save your time and money, go somewhere that they care about the guest getting what they want. 
This is all over a few dollars that I would have willingly paid for sauce that they just didn't bother to send or call me about.this japanese restaurant gem in the heart of South Philly serves up the some of the best sushi and sashimi in Philadelphia . try the crab appetizer and miso soup its deliciousA gem! I wish their windows/entrance was more open and airy because I think more people would see how perfect this little place is! Byob. Great sushi, great prices. I'm vegan and they had tons of options for me. My boyfriend loved the sushi and we shared a few other dishes. Totally will come back. I appreciate little gems like this in south philly. They were soooo nice. They gave us a big discount when paying cash.delivery took an hour and a half as opposed to 45 minutes. portions are ridiculously small. their ginger dressing is awful. charged me an extra dollar for a tea spoon of spicy mayo. the pieces of sashimi in the sashimi appetizer were a joke. they were each maybe the size of a quarter. feel like i'm still going to be hungry after spending $35 and i'm not happy about itTheir miso soup is a little unusual (has mushrooms in it and tastes a bit different), but still very good. Their edamame's fantastic. Staff are super nice. Most importantly though, their sushi's pretty great and not overpriced!! This is our go-to sushi place in South Philly!!!I was thrilled when I realized I had a potential new ramen spot close by. I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately the ramen was a disappointment. In fact it was pretty nasty. The broth had an odd flavor and was overly spicy. The "berkshire pork" was tough and dry. It reminded me of what you may find in Chinese takeout. Imagine the pork typically in pork fried rice. I was misled by the previous reviews that said "best ramen in South Philly". Doesn't hold a candle to the ramen spots you'll find in center city. That being said the service was good and delivery was prompt.I gotta say, I thought the rating would be higher. I liked this place a lot. In an area of the city where there's a lot of really good sushi, especially for delivery, this place was up there. Really good Tan Tan Ramen with amazing broth and great sushi rolls. I'd highly recommend!I would of given this place 3.5 starts if possible. Food wise it is great! They also have a good instagram. They have lots of different rolls to choose from so if you are ordering take-out it is wonderful. Dining in however leaves much to be desired. The staff is nice but the place is just not, they try though so A for effort. I would definitely order for delivery if i lived closer just won't go there to eat.Overall: 3
Food: 3
Service: 3
Price: 4
Atmosphere: 2
I had the their house special ramen and it was fulfilling. I wasn't blown away by the broth, which is what I tend to look for in a good bowl of ramen. The portions were fairly reasonable with the price. 
The atmosphere and area are a bit remote and far away from the main attractions and stops. Check it out if you're around the area.The best sushi place around my area! I had tried from Johnny Changs, Hibachi 2 go, Terriyan, etc, but have to say Nigiyaka have the freshest sushi. Ordered the sashimi regular. It was so much better than expected. All the sashimi were very fresh and delicious compared to other sushi place I had tried. Will definitely order from here again!This place was definitely worth a try. We had their sushi and ramen and we all unanimously agreed that we'd come back--everything was delicious. The broth of the ramen was very flavorful and savory (I was afraid that it would be bland, thin, and lifeless). The pork in my ramen was melt-in-your-mouth-tender. It's a nice little spot. The outside may not look the most promising, but I can assure you, the food is :)I ordered take out this week and this place will definitely be new go-to sushi spot. The spicy tuna maki is AMAZING. I also had a sliced yellowtail appetizer with jalapeño that would rival any fancy joint in center city. The owners were really friendly.
Prices are great. Crossing my fingers this place makes it!I'm not usually one to give 1 star reviews, but this was really poor.. I'm sorry. 
Ordered via GrubHub -- Delivery was here 10 minutes after the expected time of arrival. The one good thing is that they do separate the broth and noodle when they do delivery, so the noodles don't soak up all the soup. 
This " ramen" was the worst I've ever had. TI ordered the chicken shoyu ramen. he chicken is very dry. The broth is definitely NOT authentic. It tastes either like.. instant noodle or just water, soy sauce, and a lot of pepper. I have a pretty strong palate, and I'm not joking I literally think that's what it is. Actually when you look at the bottom of the bowl, all the black pepper sank to the bottom -- and that part of the soup was truly inedible. There is just no flavor. This is NOT ramen. Do not go here for ramen. I've never had their sushi so I can't say -- but this is not ramen. Ramen.. is what you get at  Terakawa. 
I will not be returning, not even for sushi. One and done.Sorry to say I have to give this place one star. 
I had the magu ramen to go. I've had ramen in other places and this ramen was not like any ramen I had. The broth indicated that it came from natural pork bone but to me it tasted like it came from a paste or instant seasoning. The consistency of the broth was rather thin and just plain. I was very dissatisfied since the broth is what makes up the whole ramen. Moving on to the charsiu( roast pork) again my expectations was crushed. The cut was thick and rather chewy. I'm use to the thin melt in your mouth kinda cut and this was not meeting my expectations at all. On the plus side , they  gave a good amount of meat which I had about 4 slices. Next... The egg in soup was overcooked. I normally like my egg semi runny but maybe that's just me. The presentation of the bowl was quite nice but the flavor wasn't there. 
I also ordered the rock shrimp which was deep fried and topped with spicy honey sauce. Can't go wrong with deep fried so that was the only thing I enjoyed. 
Overall I was not to happy with my first visit here. I was happy to know it was close to my house but sadly to say I won't be coming here for ramen.This is def my new go to spot. Fresh, tasty and generous sushi rolls. Great spicy mayo. Plump crispy gyoza. And arrived within 30 mins to south Philly.I'm almost reluctant to write so good of a review because I don't want this place to get overcrowded. Hidden gem in south philly. The chef is innovative and enthusiastic. The house made habenero is fresh, flavorful (and as much as the chef would discourage it, great with sushi) every dish we had was impeccably made. The service is attentive and gracious. Philly is so big of a city, I'd only want to repeat a few places but this one is going in my regular rotation and I'm looking forward to working my way through the menudelivery took an hour and a half as opposed to 45 minutes. portions are ridiculously small. their ginger dressing is awful. charged me an extra dollar for a tea spoon of spicy mayo. the pieces of sashimi in the sashimi appetizer were a joke. they were each maybe the size of a quarter. that is NOT sashimi. feel like i'm still going to be hungry after spending $35 and i'm not happy about itOrdered delivery....was pretty quick and the sushi was decent but the Ramen was baaaaaaad. No flavor no spice...it tasted like they forgot ingredients. I ordered the Ramen without any meat but I think they literally didn't include anything containing meat and even left the broth out..... But who would do that???? 
Oh well next time I guess I have to make myself more clear and say no meat but with brothGreat rolls, great service, and prices. I'll always come back when im craving sushi in the neighborhood.Delicious Miso soup and sushi!! Great little place. (Don't order the mochi for dessert though!!)Sushi is fine but don't bother ordering any sides. I was charged, 5 bucks for a 2oz side of spicy mayo.... my sushi roll was $6 bucks... when I questioned why it was so much for a side of sauce the owner just said "look at my website!" I looked at it and it wasn't even spicy mayo. I said this doesn't look like spicy mayo...  he just kept saying "it's spicy mayo!" I'm mad i even paid for that cause i came home and had to add mayo onto it. I'm giving 2 stars cause price gouging during a pandemic is pretty screwed up. I came here before and I didn't pay 5 bucks for a side of mayo. That's just insane.. lost my business.You ever peep how people think they are playing you but they are really playing themselves, for one I had to ask the guy to wash his hands so I already know where this is leading to but I had to put something on my stomach before it get to late because I'm about to go hang out but I just paid $20.00 for 2 Salmon tempura rolls and I'll let the pictures talkFirst off, the delivery driver was late. Second off, I was garaunteed contactless delivery but the driver wasn't wearing a mask nor gloves and came right up to my door (less than a foot away) and brushed up against my hand when he handed me the bag. Finally (& most importantly), the vegetarian Yaki Udon was not tasteful--the noodle sauce very bland. The tofu was cooked very poorly--it was saturated & wet (supposed to be pressed out) and very fluctaunt and (should be cooked and somewhat crispy). Furthermore, the soggy wet tofu was thrown on top of the dish instead of being cooked into it. Moreover, the vegetables weren't cooked properly and were also VERY soggy. There was nothing good about this meal nor the service. I attempted to contact the restaraunt and Grubhub and the restaraunt refused to make it right by offering a new meal and/or refunding me. It is even more frustrating given the cost of the meal--I paid $17 for a complete piece of crap. I wish I had read the numerous 1-star reviews and horror stories before ordering from this restaraunt.Really great sushi. The pieces are large and the fish is high quality. I love sushi and there are so few good sushi places in south Philly. This place is affordable, delicious and much needed in the Passyunk Square neighborhood.