Nina's is great. The owners are super accommodating, the food is excellent. You'll love the family style fixed menu. Makes it so easy when dining with friends. I highly recommend it.My bf and I had a lovely date here on Wednesday evening.  We came with the tasting menu groupon and sat at one of the two tables on the sidewalk.  We started with my favorite dish of the night, a salad with palm hearts, walnuts, and blue cheese. The other starter was also good: warm artichokes with sauteed spinach, onions, red peppers and tomatoes.  My entree of rigatoni with mushroom cream sauce was decadent and there was plenty left for lunch the next day.  My date's gnocchi in meat sauce seemed undercooked to me, but he enjoyed it.  Dessert included a pretty average slice of cheesecake and a surprisingly delicious tiramisu.  The service was spot on all night, although I'm sure it helped that there was only one other table dining at the time.Recently purchased a Groupon for this place which entailed a three course Italian meal for two.  Started out with a beets & goat cheese salad and a small dish of two nice sized meatballs, which were great ... never knew how much I liked beets! Then our waiter brought out the two main dishes which were ricotta gnocchi & gnocchi with gorgonzola cheese sauce topped with mushrooms (my favorite), very very good! Lastly dessert, mini cannolies and a tiramisu! Overall had a very good experience with this little place ... I loved not having to choose anything for myself off the menu, having a prompt waiter who was delightful, amazing Italian food, and on top of it all its BYOB, cant go wrong here! I would love to come back sometime for brunch :)What a night. Service with a smile... cause they know the food will have u drooling.... We finally had the time to check this place out. Table side service and a visit from the owner allows u to feel like family in this small very warm and comfortable spot. The food was delivered hot quick and most of all mouth wateringly tasty. We could not get enough of that amazingly fresh tomato sauce. A new favorite that u are best to check out before there starts to be a line and u cant get in!I tried this place out with my girlfriend by chance after forgetting that another place nearby was closed on Tuesdays and we both were happy with our experience.  We had a bacon-bleu cheese salad with great, fresh bleu cheese.  I had a mushroom risotto with truffle oil that was great, but the best dish was my girlfriend's penne bolognese.  The sauce was thick, rich, and full of meat.  One of the best tomato sauces with meat I've had in the city.  Prices were reasonable and being BYO is always great.  We'll be going back again.We came here after being rudely treated by Villa di Roma, and had the opposite experience here. We were a little concerned as it was pretty empty, but from what we could tell it was a two-person show - one server and one chef. They were sold out of a lot of the menu options at 8:30 when we arrived, but we all had different preparations of gnocchi and were super happy with what we had ordered. The gnocchi were obviously made in house, and were super light in texture. I had the goat cheese gnocchi with the ragu, and the sauce was wonderful. The service was perfect. The chef also sent out complimentary dishes of garlic knots and meatballs. The price was also very reasonable for what we ordered. We came in feeling very dejected since Villa di Roma apparently doesn't understand the meaning of "reservation", but Nina's totally saved our evening.Enjoyed a wonderful Tasting menu using a groupon. Food was excellent. First course we were served two enormous meatballs in red gravy and a serving of grilled artichokes with sautéed spinach. Main course was two pasta dishes. Spaghetti with truffle cream sauce was ridiculously rich. Penne with a spicy red sauce and shrimp was good. Dessert was tiramisu and cheesecake. Everything was well prepared. We were one of only two tables at 8 pm on a Thursday night, though. How long can they work that way?Amazing. We stumbled in here for lunch this weekend, looking for normal sandwiches or soup, and what we got was so incredible, it was worth the dinner price-tag. The off-menu gnocchi in a white garlic sauce was generally portioned and reasonably pried. The pumpkin ravioli was the best use of pumpkin I've ever eaten. 
I basically would go here again in a heart beat. And am very very excited to take friends and family alike.What I like about Nina's is its friendly and welcoming atmosphere. I came here on a date and had a wonderfully romantic evening. The owner even came out and asked us how we were enjoying our food. The guy I was with was a little bit of a foodie and he talked with him about the preparation of the meals. They seemed to really hit it off and we were brought out more food to sample. I thought that was a charming touch.
Food was fresh and atmosphere was inviting. I would definitely return. (Only, with a new guy this time =)Sometimes when you are disappointed with your dinner it could be because the food was not up to par.  Sometimes you feel gouged by the price.  At this restaurant, it was both.
My companion ordered the grilled shrimp with salad for $25 and got 5 little shrimp with less than a cup of greens.  I ordered the linguine with scallops.  There were 3 ordinary scallops, bland pasta with a watery sauce for $32.00.
The flies on the window were no extra charge.  
The server never came to check on us and barely waited on us.  I don't know if that was because we were two women or not Italian as they seemed to dote on the two other tables that were there.Went in on a Saturday afternoon with my husband and daughter. There was only one other couple in there and the server could have def been more attentive. The food was good, fresh but just average.  I would have liked to have tried something other than what I ordered but I wasn't really sold on anything so I just played it safe. I'd like to go back and give dinner a try but I don't know if I'd go out of my way. I guess if you are in the neighborhood it can't hurt to go in and give it a try.Delicious, friendly, nice ambience, great name ;) I got the pesto fusilli with the meatballs as an appetizer..it was really great and the portions were very decent. What's more, the waiter was especially friendly and it was an all around great experience!The customer service here is awful!  i bought a groupon for brunch and was told after reconfirming my reservation that they would not honor the groupon because it was a holiday.  When i asked which holiday he was referring to, he said it was an Italian Festival.  Not living in the Philadelphia area I had no clue what he was referring to.  I asked him to tell me where on the groupon it stated that i could not use it on that day and he told me it wasn't listed on the groupon and that he can't be expected to list all of the days when the groupon won't be accepted on the groupon when a customer purchases it.  I actually DO expect that.  I was planning on being in the area for 2 days.  If i had known that i couldn't use it that day i wouldn't have bought it.  The person on the phone (supposedly the manager) did not offer any kind of solution.  He was exceedingly rude.  I even asked him if he thought it was OK to speak to his customers that way.  When i told him i would write a review he told me, in a very condescending tone, to go right ahead.  He clearly didn't care.  So...i'm writing this review.  I filed a formal complaint with groupon and am now voicing my concern to others.  They refused to honor their own promotion and the manager was exceedingly rude in the process.The gnocchi here really is outrageous. Very easily the best I've ever had. They also have perhaps the best meatball I've ever had as well.
The restaurant is really a cool looking spot too with lots of charm.TLDR food was good. Service/accommodations were poor. 
Went there for a valentines day lunch. I had made reservations before hand and received a call to personally confirm. On the day of the lunch we were running late and I called to move the time half hour later. But I was told that there were no openings later since they would like to close the kitchen early to prepare for dinner. Instead i was offered another day to reschedule to! (Rescheduling a reservation for valentines day is never an option.) We stuck to the original time and arrived 10-15 mins late. 
To our surprise the place was empty! One party was paying to leave. And only one other party was there who was waiting for others to arrive well into our meal. I didn't why the waitress earlier couldn't postpone the time by half hour?? 
As far as the food it was good but felt incomplete. No bread was provided to begin. My wife asked for a coke/ginger ale and the only thing they had was diet coke. I'm not sure why on one of the busiest days the restaurant only had diet coke and lemon pellegrino. My wife asked for Alfredo penne and the chef was accommodating enough to make it. I got ricotta gnocchi and both dishes were really impressive. Flavorful, fresh, and tasty. 
We didn't get any dessert and went to The RIM instead for hot chocolate. On our way back almost an hour later that large group was still sitting there.Possibly the best Italian food I've eaten so far in Philadelphia. Higher in class (mostly meaning price) than Giorgio on Pine and higher in caliber (mostly meaning taste) than the likes of La Viola, etc., Nina's Trattoria is a hidden gem amongst the street vendors on 9th and Christian. 
I will admit that the service was not the best. There was one waitress for the restaurant, and I understand how things can get hectic- but that's not an excuse to throw silverware onto the table or haphazardly collect appetizer plates with clinks and clangs. I had to find my own wine opener for the bottle of Malbec that I brought (BYOB, holla!) after waiting for almost 10 minutes and no pour in sight. While I was debating on what appetizer to order, she simply left before I could let her know what I decided on. I think investing in a second waitress for Friday and Saturday evenings might curb the brusque attitude of the one server. 
Anyway- the food was most excellent. The stuffed mushrooms came in a pair to start (at $6, I think four would have been more price-appropriate) and were piping hot, stuffed with moist breadcrumbs and topped with red sauce. We were also served warm, flaky, knotted rolls with olive oil and parmesan cheese. 
I had the eggplant parmesan for my entree, which melted in my mouth. The sauce was smooth, not too sweet, and plentiful. I do wish that it had been served over some pasta, especially at the price ($19). When I mentioned this to the owner after he asked me how my meal was, he told me that some people ask pasta to go with it and they give it to them, no problem. Noted. 
 My boyfriend had the linguine with arugula and shrimp ($23), which was divine. Buttery, flavorful shrimp over fresh pasta- it was so good I was stealing bites by the twisted forkful. And most importantly, it was not too garlicky. The waitress came by with more rolls as if she knew we wanted to soak up the leftovers. 
Go for the food, and try to embrace the service as best you can.It's such a great little restaurant! The waitress was incredibly nice and very attentive! My husband and I shared the Gorgonzola rissoto and gnocchi bolognese and both were very good! I would share photos of the dishes, but we finished them :)Bought the Groupon for the three course tasting menu and loved it!  Small but cute and cozy, our server was great and everything was absolutely delicious.  Meatballs were better than my mama's and the chef even made off-the-menu entrées for us which were unique and awesome.  Large portions as well.  I'd highly recommend if you don't mind paying a little extra for quality.  I will be back!!While this restaurant would typically be a little above my price range, my boyfriend and I are able to go there on dates there using groupons.  We had an AMAZING culinary and service experience at Nina's.  We got the tasting menu, and all of the dishes were clever, elegant, delicious, and made with very fresh ingredients.  Our appetizers were meatballs (for my boyfriend) and a salad (for me).  I'm not usually a major meatball fan, but these were honestly THE BEST meatballs I have ever eaten in my life.  The meat was incredibly flavorful, and the sauce was fresh and homemade.  My salad was also delightful, although I wouldn't have minded a little more salt in the homemade dressing and a little more cheese in the garnish.  In fact, overall, I would have liked a little more salt for flavor and a bit more cheese in most of the dishes served that night, but it was my only issue with Nina's, and was certainly not enough to detract from my enthusiastic five-star rating.  Anyhow, our main dishes were the gnocchi - pleasantly light for this potato-based dish - as well as penne with a cream sauce and mushrooms.  (Unfortunately it's been a little while since we ate here, so my memory is failing me a bit on the details.)  Both were delightfully simple and well-executed.  Finally, for dessert, we had a nutella-based pudding (I believe the name for it was much fancier, however, haha) as well as pistachio gelato made fresh right across the street (the waiter pointed the shop out to us through the window).  That brings me to the service - I was quite surprised to see that some of the other reviewers weren't pleased with the wait staff, because my boyfriend and I had a genuinely marvelous service experience.  The waiters were extremely professional, but also warm enough to make our interactions positive and pleasant.  I am quite the foodie and have been to many, many a restaurant, but I believe that that may have been the best service I've ever gotten when eating out.  Furthermore, when my boyfriend called back to make another reservation for tonight (we're using another groupon), they remembered him!  Overall, I had a wonderful night at Nina's and would recommend it to anyone look for delicious, elegant Italian fair and impeccable service.
****
Follow-up:
My boyfriend and I just went back to Nina's last night.  I'd forgotten how FANTASTIC their desserts are.  We got the nutella pudding again (sooo good, not too sweet either) as well as the tiramisu (also delightful).  I'd also forgotten the wonderful, homemade foccacia served before the meal - lovely!  My boyfriend just bought our 3rd groupon, so we will definitely be going back.My girlfriend and I went for brunch. Coffee was delicious and we very much enjoyed both of our meals.Went here for the tasting menu.  Cute and cozy.  Very nice for a quiet date.
The service was excellent as our waiter was polite and very attentive.
Would have given them 5 stars because their food was delicious but it was a tad salty for my tastes.Mediocre at best; don't bother.
Went here with my bf in mid Feb for a belated-Vday dinner.  We had a Groupon for the chef's tasting menu.  Our server was friendly enough but his timing was seriously off.  The best part of the meal was the bread, however it took forever to arrive, and then the first course came seconds later.  The small table was very crowded, between the app plates and the bread basket.  He put down a large plate of salad and a plate of meatballs but neglected to give us share plates, so we had to try to put the plates in the middle of the table and both eat of of them.  The whole thing was just awkward.  
The salad was nothing special; more the type of salad you would make at home-just some greens with a vinaigrette.  The meatballs were... just two meatballs on a plate-very random...  They were decent meatballs, but again something you could make at home.  There was nothing that elevated them to restaurant level.  
Our entrees were gnocchi in a cream sauce (allegedly it was a gorgonzola cream sauce but I could not detect even the faintest hint of that ingredient) and spaghetti in marinara.   I will say the gnocchi was nicely made with a soft pillow texture.  The spaghetti however was clearly right out of a box and the marinara had little flavor.
Desert was allegedly gelato from a neighborhood ice cream shop and a chocolate budino.  I say "allegedly" because it was just ice cream and pudding, neither of which were particularly good.  I LOVE real gelato and a properly made budino; neither of the deserts we received deserved those titles. 
Overall this place was a disappointment and I will not return or recommend it to anyone.This evening I had booked a reservation via open table for 7:30Pm for a party of three including my nine year old daughter, wife, and myself. Upon entry to Nina's we were seated in a very cozy restaurant which raves about its Italian recipes. The waiter had brought us some water and there we sat, and sat... We finally got our menus about a half hour into being seated. The waiter came over and filled our water glasses again but negated to take a drink order. Hmmmm? Finally !!! It's about 830pm and we were able to order. I ordered on behalf of my family and even added a margarita pizza to go. Tic tock tic tock Our appetizer came out... Two meatballs. Mind you there is absolutely no bread, nor was there any salt, pepper, grated cheese on the table whatsoever. The annoyance level is increasing. We devoured the two meatballs and sat there yet again to wait.... Wait.... And wait some more. Now the time is 9 10 pm. Our food was brought out... Again, without any pepper,salt or other condiment. The waiter never asked and just dropped off the plates. The female waitress seemed to be extremely attentive to her patrons. I stopped and asked her for the check and our margarita pizza we ordered to go. Check came... For three bowls of gnocchi, meatball app, two cans of soda, margarita pizza approx 87.00 (Price not an issue) Although the food was half decent (No Ralph's) there honestly seemed to be a huge disconnect here. The music playing was definitely Latin and not Italian which was confusing to the identity of the place. Lastly, the delicious margarita pizza I ordered to take home turned out to be a plain pizza.... Which I was overcharged. I even confirmed... Margarita pizza with both employees prior to leaving. My family will be steering clear in the future and sticking to our comfort zone of South Philly dining. Eat at your own risk of enjoyment folks... What a let down! I will certainly not be returning.Ninas was great! Not sure why the mixed reviews. We did a four course tasting menu by groupon that was excellent. Service was excellent - kept our water glasses refilled which I love and overall were very good. Nice big wine glasses - glassy touch. 
1st course : artichoke, spinach, olive oil ; meatballs.
2nd course: penne in cream sauce with mushrooms ; gnocchi in red sauce
3rd: chicken ; steak ;both with potatoes
4th: nutella chocolate mouse ; chocolate gelatto
Awesome food! Artichoke dish had a lot of flavor. Gnocchi was great. Mushroom sauce superb. Steak tender. Chicken was roasted not sauteed. Nutella mouse!!!! The chef is a mind reader because those are my favorite things. And the tasting menu meant we didn't have to think and decide. We just sat back and enjoyed the meal!The good: Beet salad with arugula was outstanding. Nice addition of quinoa to give it some heft and and air of healthfulness. Hearts of palm salad was nice. Beef/gorgonzola risotto and truffle gnocchi were excellent. Pleasant service and good atmosphere.
The meh: The cannoli shell box from the food distributor was visible near the back, as was the box for the cheesecake. Also, our entrees came out before we finished our salads. (Don't rush me!) Our waiter broke off the top of our wine bottle when he tried to uncork it, rendering it undrinkable. (Luckily, that was only one of three bottles we had.)
Overall:3.5 stars. But given the quality of the entrees and salads and the pleasant staff, I'll give it four above.My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed Ninas. The food was absolutely delicious, and my Poppop who is from Italy ate here and loved everything about it. I loved the service - the waiter was such a great guy. Anyone who says "he was trying to be mature" Please, he was a very nice guy just doing his job. We showed up with a groupon deal and he accepted it with no hesitations. I love this place. I had so much fun. I'll definitely be returning.Above average portions and succulent Italian dishes. Highly recommended for locals and visitors planning a trip to the Italian Market section of Philadelphia.Really good; unique; friendly! All homemade! Every course delicious! Great service! I'd like to take them home to Los Angeles with me.Can't comment on food quality because we ordered delivery through Grubhub which never came.  After 2 hours.  And then they told us they were "out of pizza dough."  Would have been better off going to bed hungry.Came here for dinner on a Saturday night with a party of four.  On a positive note, I called that night, and was able to get a last minute reservation for the time I requested.  They were also kind to recommend we come a little early as they had a larger party later in the night and didn't want us to have to wait too long for our meals.  
Sadly, while the service was kind, and the atmosphere was quaint, the food was less than impressive.  The highlight was probably the artichoke appetizer.  The crab risotto, as mentioned by other reviewers, tasted mostly of red peppers and had very little crab.  Everything else ordered at the table (Mushroom Risotto, Tilapia, Gnocchi) was just "ok".  I had high hopes, but with all the excellent BYO options nearby, I probably won't be back.Lovely, small Italian restaurant in the heart of the Italian Market with fresh, authentic dishes, on basic homey plating, reminiscent of a home-cooked meal. My friend and I went for a Groupon 3-course prix fixe menu: you reserve in advance so the chef knows and he selects several courses for appetizer, entree & dessert. Chef selected for appetizers: 2 jumbo meatballs, fresh garlic knots and an amazingly fresh frisee & balsamic salad; entree: cream based gnocchi & bolognese style fresh tagliatelle; for dessert: zeppole (Italian fried dough, like beignets) with a side of chocolate mousse & fresh whipped cream. Although the gnocchi was not as tender as I have had, everything was wonderful, incredibly fresh and delicious. Salad had me wanting more and the mousse was refreshing: both things I don't normally expect!Tasty food in an incredibly warm and homelike setting. Service is excellent, food taste like Mom's.So my sister and I walked in this restaurant not knowing anything about it save that it was a) open b) Italian and c) literally oozing adorableness.
We were greeted by an extremely nice gentleman, seated, and watered within a minute. The service was relaxed, friendly, and professional and we were very comfortable. 
So first up, I have to mention the coffee. Perhaps it's because I tend to drink the liquid equivalent of cow dung every morning or maybe I was just so hungover that the idea of a drink that could stimulate my comatose brain enough to read a picture book was nothing short of godly, but this coffee was the single greatest cup of joe I've ever had in my life. It was fresh, it was hot, it was a perfectly balanced acidity. Guys. It was amazing.
So next up is the food. My sister got the ricotta gnocchi and considering she essentially licked the place clean, I am to assume that it was good. I got the penne mushroom Alfredo (minus mushrooms) and it was REALLY good. The pasta was homemade (or at least tasted like it), the sauce was absolutely fantastic. It's not easy for such a simple dish to wow me, but damn it all if this one just blew me away. Smooth, bold, and decadent, this has become my go-to place next time I'm in Philly.  
Just a tip: this business is cash-only. There is an ATM literally right across the street, but just a heads up.I have eaten at Nina's a handful of times and loved it.  I originally bought a groupon and that is how I found the restaurant.  Their menu changes often but they usually keep some of the same dishes.  The food was always good and fresh. I loved their gorgonzola gnocchi the last 2 times I was in!   There red sauce is also delicious.  Their meatballs are so good! The restaurant has a cozy feel and the staff is very friendly.  My last visit to Nina's was on new years eve.  I was a little disappointed because they changed their menu to the point where there were only pasta dishes. I think there should always be an entree option of chicken or fish.  Our meal was very good but the menu change was a poor choice in my opinion.Booked a reservation through Open Table for a meal for 2 on Valentine's day. I booked three days in advance. I called Nina's to confirm my reservation but was told it was cancelled. They said they called me several times but could not get through. When my number was read back to me they were off by a digit. On Open Table my number is correct. It's pretty ridiculous that they made such an egregious error and made no other attempt to contact me. Why not an email? Seem's absurd that they would just discard my reservation based on their own error. They know how to take the reservation, they just don't know how to hold the reservation. And that's really the most important part of the reservation: the holding. Anybody can just take them. Very poor experience, clearly they have little regard for potential customers.Small BYO in the Italian market. Walked in on a Saturday without reservations. Very good pan fried chicken parm. Friendly attentive service and nice ambienceStopped by here the other week while the boyfriend and I were taking a stroll with the baby. It's a cute cafe-like restaurant that serves great simple flavors.
I ordered the Amatriciana which I thought was the best I've had since I went to Rome. Not exactly the same as what I had when I was on vacay but definitely better than all other places I've tried. I forget what the bf had exactly - had sausage in it- but he said he really enjoyed his entree as well.
The waitress we had was very pleasant. She was so nice and very helpful with entertaining the baby. I think he had a crush on her! He was all smiles and giggles when she would talk to him.
When the weather is as cold as it has been as of recent - we will be trekking our way back there.I've eaten here several times, and the food is very good, but they refused a Groupon I tried to use, saying it was not valid on the weekends. It was this one:
Lunch for two: Choice of meatballs or cured meats, cheeses and bruschetta plate and two entrees
Go ahead and look it up and tell me where it says weekdays only. I would not have bought it because I'm nowhere near there on weekdays.
Though the food is good, the management is terrible. Other reviews have seen similar problems. Either honor your offers, or don't make them!
UPDATE 8/8/12
Language from the Groupon in question says nothing about excluded days.
Lunch for Two or $20 for $40 Worth Of Italian Fare
The Fine Print
Expires Sep 19, 2012
Limit 1 per person, may buy 1 additional as a gift. Limit 1 per table. Reservation required for dinner. Valid only for option purchased. Not valid for the purchase of alcohol. Dine-in only. Lunch option not valid for lobster ravioli or hanger steak. Must use promotional value in 1 visit.
Choose Between Two Options
$15 for lunch for two (a $33 total value)
One cheese plate or meatball appetizer (up to a $9 value)
Two entrees (up to a $12 value each)
$20 for $40 worth of Italian fare
Entrees on the lunch menu include ricotta gnocchi and porcini mushroom risotto with white truffle oil. The dinner menu features variations of those items, plus crab and spinach risotto with lemon-caper remoulade ($18), hand-rolled involtini pasta with a trio of cheeses ($16), pan-seared tilapia ($19) and other freshly prepared Italian dishes.friendly place . very accommodating! I was treated like I was at the four seasons . awesomeness and atmosphere!!!  Mia PBeen to Italian Market several times and have seen and passed by this restaurant ,but today was the first time to try for me and my two friends. We could order brunch or lunch: all 3 of us ordered brunch. One friend ordered Broccoli Rabe Frittata, I ordered Mushroom with Goat Cheese Frittata and my other friend had Nutella French Toast .It's a quaint space but  it was crowded when we arrived.We were served our drinks quickly and once we placed our order, received food in a timely manner. The waitstaff was courteous and attentive. 
 We all enjoyed our food and would like to return for lunch sometime.Within hours of arriving in Philadelphia on business, a colleague had made reservations for our group at Nina's Trattoria. Attorney Nicholas Nastasi opened the restaurant  in late October 2010 and named it for his mother. The restaurant features many of her original Italian recipes. 
It was wonderful getting to know Nick and be on the receiving end of his passion for fine Italian cooking. His chef made a delightful gnocchi sans potatoes that was delicious. Beet tart with gorgonzola was another standout starter as was the sauted radicchio. 
I had a delicious eggplant parmigiana and my friends had pumpkin ravioli, pork chop, fish prepared tableside, and yet more gnocchi. Everyone was more than happy!
As the other reviewers have noted, Nina's Trattoria is located on a wonderful block surrounded by authentic Italian shops, coffee houses and more. The neighborhood has Old World roots that give it a great feel, and I expect more wonderful dining destinations like Nina's Trattoria to appear here.
If you're headed there for dinner, BYO wine and your appetite.To date I have tried three separate times since May to make a reservation at this location and every time it has been closed or unconfirmed. Finally was able to talk to someone and confirm a reservation. We arrived the day of, ten minutes before, to find the place closed, papered windows and no explanation. Phone number was disconnected and the secondary number went to voicemail. Too bad, I was really looking forward to the tasting menu.The food was amazing (homemade gnocchi to die for!) and the wait staff caring and solicitous. What somewhat marred the experience for us what that the place was tiny and the large party at the next table were cackling and yelling (the result, no doubt of the many bottles of wine they'd brought in). I asked the waiter if he could ask them to tone it down a bit but he didn't feel comfortable doing that; I'm sure they had a wonderful time but we left with splitting headaches.Tried Nina's with a Groupon for a 3-course dinner a few months ago and the food was a mixed bag.  Service was good.  Ambience is also good at this cute little BYOB.
APPETIZERS were beet salad and meatballs.  The beet salad was large and satisfying with lots of beets, but the spring mix used wasn't fresh, as we had some old pieces of lettuce that had turned dark brown.  Meatballs were a good comfort food, served with a basic tomato sauce that was not impressive but just fine.
MAIN COURSE: We got 2 pasta dishes.  The Penne Amatriciana was uninspired, not especially flavourful or interesting.  The highlight of the meal was the tasty Gnocchi, which were cooked perfectly in a flavourful Gorgonzola cream sauce. Generous portions -- we had leftovers.
DESSERTS were a bit of a disaster.  The banana ricotta cheese cake was okay, edible but not particularly enjoyable, which is pretty bad since I usually love cheesecake.  Nutella rice pudding was unappetizing and perplexing.  Neither of us wanted to eat it. (I'm still puzzled about why any chef would think that slapping some processed artificially flavoured sugar-spread in some rice pudding would make a good dessert.  Really, it seems like a waste of perfectly good rice.) I hate to waste food, but I could not bring myself to eat more of that rice pudding.
SUMMARY: If you go to Nina's, you'll likely get so-so food of inconsistent quality in large portions.  You have a good chance of getting something edible if you avoid dessert.Upon entering the restaurant I was opimistic the meal would be good.  The space is open, simple and pleasant.  The service was polished and friendly (although one server tried to come off older than his years).  Alas, things went down fast as the meal came out.  I had the meatball appertizer.  It was good but nothing to write home about.  The others had a large salad that was essentially tasteless and the artichokes that tasted like mold.  
The entrees were worse.  One friend had the SPAGHETTI AMATRICIANA. It was Mehhh ok but nothing one could not make at home, even if you were not a good cook.  Another friend had a pasta dish with crabmeat.  The pasta was bland and overwhelmed by what tasted like crab gone bad. None of us had more than a bite for fear of becoming ill.  I had the CRAB & SPINACH RISOTTO with lemon Caper Remoulade.  What came from the ktichen did not exactly fit that description.  The primary ingridient was red peppers.  Given its prominence in the dish, one would expect it to be mentioned on the menu, all the more as there was very little spinach.  The combination of flavors pretty mentioned rendered the dish inedible -- all three of us agreed on that.
I cannot imagine why anyone would eat here.This restaurant was a nightmare..from start to finish! There are plenty of other BYOBs in Philly and this one cannot compare in any way! We were seated, greeted by a waiter, asked about water, and then he proceeded to give us "one slice of italian bread" on our plate!! This is definitely a no-no in South Philly!! We want a loaf or at least a plate with italian bread that we can all share!! Then we had a few questions regarding the menu...he stumbled and couldnt explain some of the entrees?? The food was just okay...eggplant parm, pasta & artichokes....then the finale was the do not take credit cards!  Thumbs down on this one!!My sister raved about this place she had eaten at four or five times so she decided to go for her birthday dinner. They called her the day of to push back her reservation, because they were short a chef. We went two hours after the initial reservations. When we got there a man named Dominic approached our table. He seemed annoyed we had a reservation for ten but only 7 showed up (even though no one came in after us). The food was good - no complaints. Service wasn't really a thing once we got seated. We had to ask for water and wine bottles to be opened (only us and a table of 5 leaving). Food came quick but once we got our bill we saw we were charged $20 corkage (two bottles that were opened). When we asked for it to be lowered to $10 we got push back from Dominic. We told him that's the least we could do with a pushed back reservation when it was only a $5 corkage fee. He interrupted us while we were speaking, started raising his voice and talked back to us and my sister (whose birthday it was). Let's just say we'll never be back here. Ever. I've never heard someone be so rude to a paying customer.This is definitely the first time I've ever been more excited over a salad than a meatball sandwich.
In defense of the meatballs, they were really very tasty.  The problem for me was in the sauce and the bread.  The bread on a meatball sandwich should be fresh, warm, and lightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside so it can absorb the sauce.  This was absorbent but kind of chewy, which negates fresh or warm.  As for the sauce, it was too acidic and salty for me.  I don't like an overly sweet sauce but too salty and one-dimensional is just as much of a sin.  It's unfortunate because the meatballs themselves were some of the best I've had in Philly and the sauce had a nice texture.
The bacon and blue salad redeemed the experience.  I love a good spinach salad, and this one, which has bacon, gorgonzola, and walnuts with an onion aioli dressing, was absolutely delicious.  I inhaled it.  Just bear in mind that with the dressing you will need a piece of gum or a mint afterwards. 
I feel like this place is hit or miss, with the hits making it worth a trip now and then.I really love Nina's Trattoria. I highly recommend getting one of the tasting menu deals floating around on Groupon or Living Social. One of the tasting menus we split was the three-course meal. It started with a meatball in marinara and beet salad; then two pastas, one white sauce w/mushrooms and one red w/gnocchi. Then dessert- wow. Homemade desserts like tiramisu and Anthony's gelato are the perfect ending to the sweet deal!
We've also had brunch there and it's great! Good people watching! (If you go at dinner, the market is deserted)
Great service, also! BYOB!Ordered from Ninas using Grub Hub. For Italian it was subpar. I ordered the bacon salad. The bacon came cooked but cold and fatty. I had to reheat it myself. The gnocchi, which my gf ordered, doesn't really compare to home cooked authentic italian. If that's what you're looking for, I'd pass. Will not go back.Went there for a Christmas dinner with my boyfriend. The food was great, atmosphere was great and the price was less than a lot of other italian BYOs in philadelphia. Service was friendly and attentive. 
I wish they had a few more food options for entrees but I had delicious risotto, cooked extremely well!Last night was my 2nd and absolutely the last time I will go here.  I was taken here as a guest.  After my 1st time I would never have gone here a 2nd time.  We had the chefs tasting menu.  It is definitely NOT worth the $35.
First we had the meatballs - 2 (one each).  They were ok, the sauce also just ok.
Salad - mixed greens from a bag  with strawberry dressing (so they said).  I had only a dry flavorless plate of greens with no dressing.
Entrees: penne with Gorgonzola cream sauce was fair.  Second entree was spaghetti Amatrciana (red sauce with bacon).  This was particularly awful.  We each had one bite and left the entire plate.  Needless to say, we were hungry having shared a smallish portion of penne and one meatball.
Then the dessert.  Two of my favorites.  Cannoli (they said from Isgro's) with their own filling.  Nutella???? Not very good.  Tiramisu was awful.  It was soggy, mushy and some watery something drained from the bottom. We did not eat that either.
Summary - really, really bad.  Don't waste even $35.We came here late one night to celebrate a birthday, it was a party of 10 and all 10 work in the restaurant business so they can be super picky. Our server Erin was so amazing and nice, from when she sat us, to opening the drinks that we brought with us, telling us about specials, and just dealing with us in general. We all loved her so much she made it a great experience. The food was also great but service is what really stood out.I would've given it a 2 star, but the service was so great it gets an extra star. I had the groupon so the tasting menu was $39 instead of $85, thank the lord. It was a set meal, no choices - which was fine because I never know what to order anyway.
It is a byob so we drank wine and ate bread (weird, dry - seemingly at least a day old) for about 15-20 mins before our first 'course' came out - it was the appetizer of 2 meatballs in tomato sauce and a small green salad. the sauce was good, but not great and the salad was just regular greens with a nondescript dressing - there were some chunks of a soft cheese that were good. 
The main course was 2 pasta dishes. Now in my italian family the main course is a meat and the pasta is the first course. there was no more meat to come, just the one meatball each. The gnocchi was truly great, soft and delicious with an excellent creamy tomato sauce. The penne alfredo was dreadful- watery, not creamy and thick, very little flavor. Seriously, jarred alfredo is much thicker. we ate it because it wasnt inedible, and we were still hungry.
Dessert was paltry - 2 super mini, but super yummy pumkin cannolis and this watery pudding ish thing that was supposed to be nutella flavored. it was in a small mug- im still not sure what it was.
So there wasn't a lot of food for 2 hungry people. And it was hit or miss. But our waiter was very nice and attentive and helpful, so that always  makes for a pleasurable experience.  I might go back and order the gnocchi if there was a deal, but that's about it.My day was set on Sabrina's Cafe for brunch. It was about 11 am so there was a wait and the hostess didn't tell us how long the wait would be. Long story short a man handed us a menu aaaand since we were so hungry and figured the wait would be long we headed to Nina's Trattoria!
Cute little place. Outdoor seating! There was only one table taken when we walked in... by the time we left, all the tables were full!!! I ordered the eggs benedict, boyfriend got a frittata. His was ok, mine was so good I wish there was a lot more to it. I was a bit disappointed with the portion size but it was also quite perfect. 
1. Great service, very friendly, attentive staff.
2. I had 3 cups of coffee. 2 were cold. 1 was not hot but not quite warm.
3. I got someone else's food at first... 
4. Atmosphere is very comfortable and cozy, even though it's small, it didn't feel crowded.
5. I'm curious about trying their dinner or lunch options...
6. The potatoes tasted just like my dad makes them on saturday mornings... threw me back a few years =)
7. Pretty cheap
8. I love the sugar bowl they bring you with coffee. Creamer cup was a tad small.I took my family to Nina's Trattoria last Saturday to carbo-load before the marathon, and I wasn't disappointed!  The waitstaff were friendly and attentive throughout, and the meal was tasty. The menu provides a variety of options without being too overwhelming, and everything that we got was good-- I especially recommend the hangar steak, any of the risottos, and the salads are large enough to share.  Another plus is that the restaurant is BYOB, so you can enjoy your favorite bottle of wine with your meal.
The seating area is pretty small, so I definitely recommend making reservations. Also, it's cash-only, so come prepared!  Nina's is a great neighborhood spot for an affordable Italian meal. I definitely plan on going back!$35 for a three course tasting menu for two is surely the best groupon around.  Whenever the use of a groupon inspires me to actually be a paying customer, it is a job well done.  And in this case, I can't wait to go back and pay full price at Nina's.  One of the things I loved about this tasting menu was that we were able to try six dishes on the menu, since husband and I were given different things to try, and we share nicely sometimes.
The app selections were roasted artichoke hearts and meatballs.  Best meatballs ever, my friends.  The artichokes were great too.
For the pasta entree we got ricotta gnocchi in Gorgonzola sauce as well as ziti and sage sausage. One of the things I really loved about Nina's is their use of local ingredients.  The sage sausage was bought right on the Italian market, as well as the ricotta for the gnocchi and lots of other things as well. Both pasta dishes were perfection. We couldn't make up our minds on which one we liked the best.  
I am allergic to bananas, and ironically enough the dessert on the chef tasting menu that night was a banana situation.  However the server could not be more helpful about the situation, and got me delicious Nutella cannolis instead. 
In addition to the fabulous food, the great groupon deal, and the BYOB status, our server was phenomenal and really made this an even better dining experience.  If you can't tell, I highly recommend Nina's and will most definitely be back.This review is only for customer service, since I decide not to try them ever after speaking with a staff person on the phone regarding my reservation. I bought the groupon and planned to tried to make a reservation via open table ahead of time a few times. Quiet often, they often called me and told me that the time I m looking for was not available for using groupon (but open for regular menu). So have to cancel my appointment and reschedule. Last time I booked a reservation via opentable with mentioning to use my groupon, the staff cancelled it directly without even confirming with me over the phone 5 days after I put in my reservation. I called back, and a staff person called Patrick said, "while u cancelled four times before, so I don't think u are going to come anyway. " It's a very negative customer experience for someone talk to you like that over the phone. I understand that there are limitations of using a groupon, but this Patrick person's attitude is horrible to be in the service industry. He claimed him to be the manager. I don't like giving one or two stars, but having a manager like him really drop the ratings.I went with a large group to this group to this small BYOB, and we had a fantastic time. They were accommodating, the food was fantastic, the service was great, and I would absolutely go back. I highly recommend the Porcini Funghi Risotto!The food was nice but nothing was exceptional. The cheese/charcuterie plate had some nice cheeses albeit a little too cold when they reached the table. The prosciutto would've been nicer had it been sliced thinner! 
I was disappointed with the Amatrciana sauce on my pasta. I've had better.
The wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. We had a nice evening but the food doesn't warrant a return visit.
FYI !! I used my my Discover card to pay for the bill because they are offering 5% CashBack bonus on restaurants. Nina's post their bill as merchandise so it receives the regular bonus !!!(repost from a review I left on Google. Just had to spread the word)
My family and I just moved to the neighborhood and this was hands down the best dining experience we've had in our four months living here. The service was second to none and the food immediately took me back  to a meal my wife and I once enjoyed in the Tuscan countryside. Leaving the restaurant we had already begun to schedule when we would eat at Nina's again. The answer...Not soon enough.Went this evening for the tasting menu, perfect portions. Perfectly cooked pasta, two types of pasta, two desserts. Couldn't have asked for anything different or better. Service was perfect as well. Will definitely return, actually can't wait to return!!!We were lucky enough to stumble upon this gem in the Italian market.  We had just arrived to town and wanted to grab a bite while walking through the market.  We ordered a couple of plates to share and could not have been more pleased with the food and service we received. We had the meatballs with some of the best fresh marinara I have ever had.  We also had the cured meats, cheeses, and bruschetta starter which featured some of the best, freshest cheeses from the neighboring shops in the market.  I could have died over the ricotta! My friend and I live the low-carb lifestyle and ordered a bun-less burger topped with grilled onions and mushrooms. It is safe to say that this was the best burger I have ever had in my life.  Not only was each dish delicious, but the service was great.  The guy at the restaurant was super helpful in suggesting some other local places to try as well as some areas of the town to explore. Such a great experience all around!Had the 3 course tasting menu with a groupon and had a great experience. The restaurant itself is quaint and has nice atmosphere. The service was excellent...seriously awesome wait staff. The food was not only delicious and flavorful but presented so artistically as well. This place has a talented chef for sure and I can't wait to go back for more great food!My boyfriend and I had dinner at Nina's the other night, and it was spectacular. The food was delicious, but the service was the highlight of the night.  Our server knew the menu inside and out and was incredibly helpful.  Nina's is a little BYOB on the Italian Market, but the server made us feel as though we were eating in a 5-star, white glove restaurant.  Nina's is known for its gnocchi, so any gnocchi dish is a good option.  They serve the gnocchi in a variety of ways, and the server's recommendation wasn't even on the menu!  Chef Mike graciously whipped-up our server's favorite gnocchi dish, and it was a great recommendation.  We appreciate the high-quality service and their willingness to accommodate their diners in any way they can.  This is a great place for an affordable dinner with friends and family.  Highly recommend a night at Nina's.We had a reservation elsewhere but walked by Nina's and liked the look of it, so cancelled our other reservation in a timely manner (!) and switched to Nina's. We were very happy! Simple well prepared delicious food. Attentive but not too intrusive server-just right. BYOB, they call to let you know. The ricotta gnocchi was so delicious. I loved the marinara flavor. Well executed Gorgonzola penne.Bummed I didn't have a chance to try Nina's with the groupon I bought. From other reviews, I saw you couldn't make a reservation online for a groupon deal. Tried calling once and left a message and no response. Called back the next day and the person said they only take so many groupons per night and they book up weeks in advance. I would be ok with this if they were really busy, but looking on opentable, they have every 15 mins available from at least 5-8pm.Final update:
Everything was amazing. Great atmosphere, food and service. Will be coming here again!
Update: owner contacted me about the reason for the closure. I can absolutely understand the closure and have changed my review to 3 stars. I will update again once we eat.
Bought the brunch Groupon which needs a reservation. Made my reservation two weeks in advance for our anniversary...
We show up on Sunday at 12:00 and our reservation was at 12:30. THE RESTAURANT WAS CLOSED!
This is right in the middle of their normal hours for brunch. 
Why were you closed during your posted hours and the time you gave me for my reservation?!?!Second update: we went tonight and boy was it good. All the pasta is so clearly homemade and the service was excellent! This is a true family ran gen in Philly.
Update: the owner contacted me and explained the situation, I certainly understand emergencies happen and will give them another shot. Will update review when I've had a chance to do so! 
Just arrived for our 6:45 reservation and the place is closed! The number listed online is out of service. What a waste of time.Love this place. Around the corner from us. Friendly, intimate, great space and staff. Good food. Love sitting in the rustic beauty of the Italian Market and watching it go by over an enjoyable meal. Great value with a groupon.This place rocks. The food is SO good and is as authentic as it comes.  We hosted our elopement party here and had a fantastic dinner complete with homemade Chicken Parmesan, plates of moist meatballs, tomato/basil salad, gnocchi and more.  They also make fabulous pizzas topped with fresh arugula salad and one of the best octopus dishes in the city (although it's not always on the menu).  This is a great BYOB with friendly service and divine classic meals. Don't forget, they are also cash only.Went there for a holiday party. We were seated by the front door and it was very chilly. The menu was very limited with mostly gnocchi dishes . The risotto dishes were excellent !
One person from our party didn't like their meal and wanted to try something different but the server told him he would have to pay for it ( not good business )
However the food was delicious and the server was excellent , and the location in the heart of the Italian market was perfect!!I came here because I bought a Groupon for Nina's 3 course tasting menu, and I am so glad I did. As far as service goes this is about as good as it gets. Every dish was explained to us in great detail (from where it originated in Italy to where they bought the ingredients in the Italian market). As we were leaving we were given tips on where to go after and the best bartenders to order from in the area. I watched staff sprint to Washington Ave (twice) for a family to hail cabs and bring them in front of the restaurant. Seriously...all that happened. They truly went above and beyond.
The menu we received  was chef's choice and included a starter of 2 meatballs in marinara and strawberry salad; then two pastas, one red sauce with bacon and one pesto w/ homemade ricotta gnocchi. Then finally dessert was homemade tiramisu and a strawberry banana cheesecake. I would reorder everything we received again, especially the gnocchi. I will be returning...and soon!So, Grandma and I pretty much have a standing lunch/errands date on Friday. My grandma is an awesome, eccentric 96 year old who has been all over the world, done all sorts of crazy things, and still has the catty wit that runs through the x chromosome in my family. 
Anyway, this past Friday we went to Nina's for the second time. We were originally introduced to Nina's through the owner of the Spice shop across the alley (which we also L O V E).
We went for lunch both times so the place was pretty empty, which was actually very nice. The gentlemen that have been there both times have been so lovely to us. The owner remembered grandma, and of course conversation ensued. 
The food is amazing. We usually stick to seafood and pasta. This time we ordered a cheese plate to start, and they actually ran across the street to the fruit mart to get figs for the plate!!! The cheese plate was delicious, a semi-soft cow, a gorgonzola, and a hard pecorino-ish cheese. There were figs, hazelnuts and a delicious vinagrette dressed arugula salad on the plate as well.
This time, I had the fish stew which had a delish fennel saffron broth with clams, mussels, and a white fish. Grandma had linguine with mussels, and it was delicious. 
Anyway, the prices are a bit steep, but IT IS a byo, so that makes it more reasonable.
I would definitely recommend it.AVOID THE GROUPON DEAL!
This restaurant has been off my list of places to eat as it looks very bland and safe and meant more for people that like chain restaurants.  My friend convinced me I should try it with the groupon deal they seem to always offer  (red flag?).  For $35 two can dine there and I thought that really was too harmless to pass up.  
I made a reservation on Opentable for 6pm on a Sunday, a month or so ahead.  Three hours before dinner they called us and asked if we were thinking of trying the tasting menu and I confirmed we were, with the groupon deal.  Then the woman exclaimed she was so glad she called then, and informed me I had to either come in at either 5 or 7, NOT 6pm as the tasting menu needs to be staggered seating and timed to serve everyone.  I was very annoyed at this last-minute notice and sorry I answered my phone, as there was no mention this policy on their site or groupon fine print.  So we agreed to do the earlier time since it was Sunday.  When we arrived the restaurant, which is charming inside, was empty except for two tables.  
The woman was very pleasant and soon after being seated and opening our wine, bread arrived.  A moment later two different small dishes of salad were served to be shared.  Both were very good and tasty and we were happy with the food to that point.  Then two different dishes of pasta arrived.  They tasted fine and one had gorgonzola cream sauce and some bits of ground meat, the other just red gravy on penne.  I thought, OK this is a "Trattoria" so the antipasti then the pasta ... I was ready for some main course.  As it turned out, dessert was all that was left.  We asked to wait so we could try and finish our wine, as the meal was apparently almost over in half an hr. The server agreed and still came over in ten minutes with a small plate with somewhat flavorless mini cannoli and a half order of "strawberry shortcake" that was basically those mini  round spongecakes you buy at the super market with some fake whipped cream between them and a drizzle of something red/pinkish that was supposed to be strawberry substitute? there was not a single bit of strawberry, and remember this two layered serving only was sold in a half round.  
OK so I understand groupons have to be economic but I thought the idea was to get people to want to come back, no?  
To be fair, the food we had (other than the dessert) was decent and the server was pleasant and the atmosphere very nice.  
Halfway through our meal, we were alone in the restaurant (that needed to stagger seating) and a couple came in as we were leaving.  I recognized their groupon portioned salads that were being delivered just about the time their coats came off.  Ah, I thought, good luck to you!No real reason NOT to go five stars...except it's such a small, unassuming place that somehow doesn't seem to warrant a full blown rave. But it gets one anyway. Service, food and friendly atmosphere make Nina's an excellent spot for great, AUTHENTIC (not Olive Garden, etc) Italian food. Actually felt like some Italian grandma was in the back...great homemade tasting goodies, not simple by any means, but also not jazzed up like so many contemporary places put out. (The garlic was mercifully used correctly, i.e. not overpowering any dish). We sampled 6 plates and every one was outstanding, especially the meatballs and the artichoke heart dishes! I'm going back as soon and as often as I can.Headed to the Italian Market District for an early dinner for the Chef's 3 course tasting menu at Nina's Trattoria. For starters, you are on your own when it comes to finding parking. I was informed that the parking lot next door is only for customers at Di Brunos Bros. Even though when their establishment is closed, that lot is off limits or else you will get towed. This establishment is not wheelchair accessible. Oliver, our server greeted and seated us within minutes. We were then familiarized on the tasting menu process. For starters, fresh, delicious bread was served. It was moist and does not need olive oil or butter. For Appetizers, we had Pan Seared Artichokes with red pepper spinach and Hearts of Palm Salad with red onion, arugula and grape tomatoes. The chef seasoned them both perfectly. It had just enough cheese for us to relish the freshness and taste of our meal. For our main course, we had Gnocchi Bolognese which had italian sausages and Fusilli Mushroom in Gorgonzola Cream Sauce. They were both excellent and also delicious. Our dessert was House made Tiramisu and Carrot Cake. The timing of our meal was on spot. It came out minutes after we were done eating our current course. The portions were sufficient for two people, and when we were done, we left satisfied and happy. Thank you Oliver and compliments to the Chef for making our experience at Nina's Trattoria one we will never forget. I am definitely coming back in the near future and this time, I will be dining off your regular menu. Oh, and one more thing, they are a BYOB and a CASH only establishment.By far one of the worst dining experiences of my life puny, subpar food and service. I am shocked at all the positive reviews because clearly we are not dining in that same sorry excuse for a restaurant. Dont know about yelp but the reviews on open table are clearly bogus, in fact my  own review ( ok a bit scathing, but we are treated so horribly, yes all of us in our party of 12) was removed, open table claims ownership changed, thus all the bad reviews ( there were many more) were removed. Bull, it's a horrid place staffed by horrid people who haveno issue dropping the F bomb in front of children. Ugh, hideousMy wife and I have been here twice now, both times with a Groupon for their chef's tasting, a 3-course dinner.  Both times we were blown away.  The food and service is fantastic - best gnocchi I've ever had - and the place has a quaint, laid-back atmosphere that is just right.
The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because they don't accept credit cards.  It says on the general stats of Nina Trattoria that they do, but that's not right.  If someone proves me wrong, I'm happy to change my 4 stars to 5.
Looking forward to going back for dinner, and I'd like to try their brunch.What a wonderful meal and wonderful evening!  Three things contributed to it being perfect for a celebration dinner with 11 guests.  First was the food - delicious and authentic.  Second was the ambience and location - how can you beat a small cozy comfortable restaurant smack in the middle of the Italian market?  Finally, the service is great and the owners David and Erin are so welcoming, they treat you like you are guests in their home - entirely focused on making you and your guests have a great meal and great evening.  
Because we had a large group, we just had Dave pick the menu and serve it family style, rather than having everyone order off the menu.  The meal started off with a few pizzas for the table; followed by delicious salad and wonderful meatbals and stromboli appetizers; on to ravioli, chicken parmigian, and two types of pasta; and ended with tiramisu and zeppole for desert.  All the food was delicious.  Its a traditional restaurant, so if you are looking for highly innovative and precious nouveau creations, this isn't your destination.  But if you love traditional Italian food that made from scratch and with full flavor, this is spot-on.
It was one of my most enjoyable meals and fun evenings for all the reasons I outlined above all contributing - the combination of food, ambience, welcoming atmosphere.  There are many outstanding Italian BYOs in Philadelphia, and this little place is right at the top in my book.  Finally, this is also an amazing value.  We could have easily spent 2x this for a comparable dinner at another Italian BYO, but I don't think we could have beat how nice this was.