Love Ninja. I've never eaten inside their restaurant, but my office does takeout from them every once in awhile (not often enough). Sushi can be very sketchy, fairly easily and the quality of this place is great. Prices are on par for quality sushi as well.I used to hate sushi but one day one of my friends invited me here and thanks to the taste ,freshness of their food I changed my mind , now I can't stop eating sushi... Good service, nice place and atmosphereThis place has such a great atmosphere. We really enjoyed the staff and the decor. 
The food was delicious as well! The sushi was fresh and the rolls were done beautifully. We ordered the ninja sashimi roll and besides being huge, it was SO good!!
We didn't try the hibachi but maybe next time!Gross food and dirty place. Wait staff varies, they are either helpful and nice or nowhere to be found and rude. I would be cautious of any place that uses so many aggressive discounts to advertise.Nice atmosphere and nice employees, but the food is sub par. And it's really just that simple.It took some effort to convince my husband to try this place, given its odd location and name. But as soon as he walked in, his skepticism quickly faded. The decor is very nice and modern, and the people were very friendly.
We spent a fair amount of time trying to decide what to eat, as they have the longest list of specialty rolls we've ever seen -- and almost all of them looked good! They were very creative.
We made our selections (spicy crunchy tuna, spicy crunchy salmon, lobster dynamite and black angel) and waited to see if this place would be any good. We are definitely sushi snobs, so it could have gone either way. After finishing some wine (it's BYOB), the waiter brought a large plate of very nicely presented rolls to our table. We dug in and were shocked that all 4 of them were great! The fish was fresh, the flavors unique but delicious, and the presentation and quantities did not disappoint.
We will definitely be coming back, especially at the 50%-off prices, as our bill for 4 specialty rolls was the best we've seen. Our recommendation is to get past the odd location and name, maybe even the crazy orange color of the building, and try it. You won't be disappointed.Love this place, is great for a couple or a group. It's a BYOB which is awesome, but you can also buy beer and wine at the establishment. Food is always fresh and nicely prepared and presented.My friends and I have been coming here for a few years and it's still our favorite sushi restaurant in the area. I love their wide variety of rolls, especially the Banana Girl roll. Their hibachi and other cooked food is really good too! They recently remodeled and it looks even better inside. The staff is very friendly and helpful.This restaurant has amazing Sushi that is fresh and very reasonable. Every time I travel in the area I always stop in. If you want great food at a clean place you will find it at Ninja.I have been coming here for years, this has to be my favorite sushi spot. You can't beat the prices and how good the sushi is! I have been to high quality sushi spots in the city and such, but this will always be my favorite sushi spot.I started frequently getting take out sushi from here. The quality is good and consistently so. They have the less sweet green tea ice cream. Only complaint is time is takes from online order to when it is ready. I expect a longer wait when they are clearly busy, but even during off peak times it take roughly 30 minutes, as opposed to the 15-20 I'm used to at some other places.I call this place douchey sushi, mostly for its outrageous decor and egotistic crowd. First the good; service is prompt and warm, meals come out in a reasonable amount of time. Plus this is now probably the cheapest Japanese joint in the area (8 bucks for a chicken hibachi platter ain't bad). Their sushi is decent, but others in the area have superior versions of the rolls I got. (One of my rolls had soggy, chewy seaweed which is the number one biggest sushi no-no for me). Plus the clientele on a Saturday was grating, there's nothing humble about this place, which is a trait I find endearing in food establishments. But to each their own. Not bad, just mediocre in the end.THE best sushi in the northeast. Fresh and delicious. The atmosphere is pretty and it's very clean. Worth a visit!Came here for a meeting of 5 guys on a slow night.
We brought someone and ordered massive amount of sushi.  For the very generous price and the amount of sushi that we received, I really liked this place.  Its 2 floors and its a pretty good atmosphere.  I  dont know what a busy dinner night is like here but for less than $20/person you can have a feast.Went as a party of four, on a Saturday evening with reservations. Upstairs was packed, with only an opening or two. Our waitress had the curious behaviour of disappearing into the kitchen for seemingly long periods of time. Combine that with an almost 30 minute wait between appetizers and sushi,  and you might sense my displeasure.
My rolls came to the table first, then the rolls for the other couple a minute or two later. My wife's sashimi roll came last, almost 5 minutes after mine -- of course, I waited before eating -- and she was disappointed at the small size of the 10-piece roll.
While the fish is fresh,  and presented nicely, I have eaten enough excellent sushi to know a properly prepared roll's texture and construction;  4 out of 5 rolls were not rolled but were seemingly squeezed to shape...they subsequently fell apart as you attempted to lift them.
I can't say "Don't go!", but would recommend bringing your patience and maybe average expectations so as not to be disappointed.Awesome food, awesome service. Very friendly staff. I will be going here often from now on. Nice and close and good hours.Excelente servicio y un ambiente muy agradable la comida deliciosa.
En el piso superior se siente un ambiente moderno y con una decoración elaborada.Cute atmosphere, good sushi. A lot of Russians in this place so just a fair warning... Also they seem overstaffed. There were lots of waiters just standing around and seemingly confused, they were also trying to get us to leave fairly quickly. Not sure if it's just because we went when they first opened, but hopefully they've improved and gotten themselves together! It's not bad, but not the best. I might come back but not dying to.Absolutely love the food there. First found it while living close by and we're looking for a sushi place in the area, found them and been eating there ever since 
Always fresh, tasty and affordable.
I would definitely recommend it!There's a handful of "50% off sushi" places in the area but Ninja is definitely my favorite. The rolls are sized well and always taste fresh. We ordered 7 different rolls and although it took awhile to get our food, it was worth the wait. The servers are pleasant and willing to answer questions. This has become my regular sushi spot and I'm loving it.This place is simply amazing. The prices are great, the waiters/waitresses are really polite, and the atmosphere is the icing on the cake. What's better is it always smells good whenever I go. Highly recommended whether you want to go on a date or just grab take out.Hubby & I are taking advantage of the "2 for $20" deal. Includes a shared appetizer, soup or salad and 2 full size entrees ( select 3 rolls or a hibachi style meal).I thought my update went through.  My apologies.  The owner was very responsive and took my concerns very seriously. My friend and I visited Ninja the other day and had a wonderful experience.  It shows the owner cares about his customers and doesn't tolerate bad treatment from his staff.  I wish I could give more stars based off of the owners respect for his customers. Did i mention the food is to die for??!The food deserves a 4-star rating, but the wait service gets 2, so we'll settle on a 3-star rating overall. 
We've been there twice in 6 weeks and both times the service was lacking. This time we were a party of 4 (3 adults and a child). The restaurant wasn't super packed by any means. Half of us got our food within 15 minutes while the other half had to wait over an hour. That's ridiculous. It does not take that long to make some rolls and noodles. On top of that, the waitress would disappear for long stretches. We had to ask for help from two other servers who had no clue where our server went. 
Overall, it was ok. If you like waiting over an hour for food and being ignored by your server, have at it.I like the ambiance.   The food is great and the prices very reasonable.   Make sure you try the sweet potato roll!So good! Great atmosphere around the way sushi joint. 
Great deals,menu and comfortable space. 
Free Yelp deal,no pics tonight I was too busy eating.We used to be obsessed with this place when it first opened. Awesome food and the price is definitely right especially in the sushi world. Honestly, we haven't frequented there lately and now I'm questioning myself why. Next time I get a craving though, this will be my go to. The staff is always friendly, courteous and professional. I definitely recommend this place!Often come here for sushi with friends, I like the out of control roll and spider roll. Always friendly service.Amazing food I literally come here every week the sushi is always fresh and they never over do the rice. Recommend everyone go here . The tuna pizza is my favorite appetizer and you really can't beat their two for 20 dealOne of my favorite sushi places I go to. I go here at least once a month. Its BYOB!! Their deals are amazing and you dont have to spent more than $20 for two people with the 2 for $20 deal. You can get soup, an appetizer and two dishes (or 6 rolls). Highly recommend this placeThe prices are extremely reasonable here, the decor is pretty nice, the food is kind of inconsistent. My boyfriend and I came for lunch and I got a chicken hibachi lunch special. It was delicious! So we came back for dinner with friends and I got the same thing and it was good but not the same. I came back the following week with my dad and it was slightly worse. I really liked it the first time and the sushi is good so I hope this isn't a trend.Good place to go for cheap sushi. Inconvenient because they do not deliver and it's not a good place to take the kids. What's the point of packing the kids up just to go pick up some sushi? Good 50% off deals though.Bad service food not the greatest do not eat here Servers are very unwelcoming. You are better off eating mall food court sushiOne of my favorite sushi/hibachi places in northeast Philly. It's BYOB, who doesn't love gnat?! The food is delicious and always fresh. I am in love with their pineapple shrimp fried rice.I don't know why it took me so long to check this place out. Driving down Bustleton Ave, this has got to be the flashiest sign you see. I finally gave in to my curiosity and visited Ninja. The layout is a bit confusing, walking in there is a reception desk and a dining area that is never used. Upon taking name, the hostess will bring you upstairs, where the real dining area is. The restaurant itself is nicely decorated, if not a bit flamboyant. It definitely likes flashy stuff. Food wise, they have a bunch of good deals here. Some example would be a takoyaki appetizer, a chicken and steak hibachi with soup/salad/fried rice, a salmon tempura roll, a California roll and an eel roll for $20! How do you beat that? Most of the food I've had here were amazing. Some nightlight would include their baked mussels with Japanese spicy mayo and their baked seafood in the same sauce. Great presentation and the seafood is extremely fresh tasting. Make sure you try their beef negimaki. This is beef-wrapped scallion and onion with sweet glazed. The beef is extremely tender, very yummy. I would also recommend their hibachi. Their vegetables are great! They taste fresh and buttery. Their hibachi fried rice is moist and flavorful. Salmon and scallops are my favorite, even though the scallop is on the salty side. There are a few problems with the restaurant. Service is inconsistent. While the waiters and waitresses are very attentive and polite, their charges are random. Most of my visits when I ask for hot sauce it's free and then once in awhile they would charge me a $1. When you order a special such as a 2 person dinner for 20, orders are often mixed up. Twice I ordered shrimp pad Thai and they came out as chicken. That is another thing to keep in mind, some of the fusion dishes like pad Thai or Thai lettuce wraps aren't as good as the rest of the menu. Oddly enough, even there dishes have a lot of flavor, just don't expect authenticity since it's a Japanese cuisine focused restaurant. Other than the small problems mentioned, I've never had a bad meal here. Ninja is one of the best Japanese restaurants around the area.I went to Ninja yesterday to try them since my mom wanted to go there. Now, being sushiholic I am, I'm always up with going to a new sushi place. So my mom and I arrived there and was I surprised!!! When I saw the decor outside I was like 'oh, this place is not  going to be like Akira or Sakura where they have more Japanese styled furniture' but do not be deceived, the inside is amazing!!! Very modern. Our waitress, Winnie, was amazing, the staff was super friendly!
 Now onto the food! I ordered a salmon skin salad, a Russian Dream Sashmi roll, a scallop tempura roll, and fried cheesecake(which I thought my mom and I could try) while my mom got the Avocado Blossom, a scallop tempura roll, and two other rolls which I can't remember the names of. My salad was amazing and I got to try my mom'a salad as well. I swear, that Avocado Blossom was heaven on Earth. Our rolls were amazing, perfect size. The fried cheesecake was delicious. Oh! And they had melon Ramune soda!!!! I will definitely come back here. Hopefully as my to go place instead of Sakura!I really liked this place and have been here several times but the last two times I've come here my experience was terrible. A week ago I came here at 9pm and the hostess checking me in told me she could only seat me if I finished eating at 10pm. I just said sure, but I should've just left. The entire time I was there the waitress kept rushing me to order and kept asking if I was done eating. She didn't seem to bother any of the other customers. I felt uncomfortable and just ate and rushed out of there.
 I ,unfortunately,came back here Sunday night for a late dinner (another big mistake). Me and my friends were seated but no waiter acknowledged us. Another party was seated after us and a waiter quickly approached them and took their orders. Meanwhile we are still waiting..about 20 minutes after being seated a waiter finally came and took our orders. The other tables food came out pretty quickly, while about 25 minutes later we got our food. The only reason I'm giving them 3 stars is because the food is actually pretty good for the price, but the service is just frustrating.Another fabulous meal and excellent service. Decor is so beautiful I think I would pay to just come in and admire it as I relax. So glad I found this place a while back, I just wish it was a little closer to me.Love love ninja!! The moment you walk In till the time you leave, everyone is so attentive, welcoming and the sushi and sashimi are yummy!!!If a friend were to ask me where I wanted to go for sushi I normally will always pick Ninja. It's close to where I live and their sushi is just too good. I've been here too many times to count and I can only think of one time where my service really wasn't great. Since the good outweighs the bad this place definitely gets four stars from me. 
It's rare that I don't order the miso soup for a starter. I love me a good cup of miso. For my sushi entree, if I'm not sharing with a friend I usually will only order two rolls. There sushi has always filled me up SO quick. If I could confidently recommend any of the rolls it would definitely be their Spider/Dragon roll, Spicy Tuna roll, and their Rainbow Roll. MMM, just so good. 
When you walk in you are usually told to walk upstairs and 9 out of 10 times you're greeted immediately and brought to a table. The restaurant is clean and it's BYOB which is always a positive!I was a bit apprehensive at the 2 for $20 sign they had advertised. I mean, what caliber of food were we going to receive that included an appetizer, salads, and 6 rolls...for $20? Well, granted... happen to stop by there coming back from King of Prussia, starving, and on the Saturday before Valentines Day. It seemed like every young teenybopper borrowed $25 from their parents to take their significant other on a date. Crowded. They definitely need to improve their system for getting their customers in and out. Finally make it upstairs and sat for more than 10 minutes without being greeted. (Again, customer flow system in need of revamp) Went to ask whom I presumed to be someone in charge with a walkie-talkie and he promptly came over, was very apologetic. Comped up two drinks (wine) and had someone sent right over. I am so big on customer service, and this returned my smile. 
Food came out. Salad was typical with ginger dressing. My cousin checked in and we had free spring roll. Fresh and hot! Then the sushi arrived. The rolls that they had on the menu were your pretty much traditional safe goto rolls. Taste was acceptable. Could not help but to look to the tables to the left and right of us, who definitely elected to not go with the 2 for $20. Their rolls looked so appetizing! 
Would definitely come back and try other rolls again if in the area. Due to distance (45 minutes from home) would not go out of my way to return. 
It is BYO, and people definitely bought and brought a little bit of everything. This party next to us had a 24 pack of beer. LOL. This might be why the wait time is so hard to control.Ninja Sushi wa kakkoii desu! A fun, inexpensive, and somewhat tacky establishment, this BYOB sushi and hibachi restaurant serves up an enjoyable experience. As a constant "50% Off" sushi place, you'd think the cheap sushi you were buying would be of subpar quality. However, even though your spicy tuna roll only costs $2.75 it tastes triple the price. I'm not saying the sushi is of a higher qualityAs a Sushi carnosaurus rex, I can honestly say that this place is among my new favorites. The food is exceptional, the service is top shelf and attentive, and the sushi chefs are as professional as it gets.
The decor is beautiful and upscale, although it has a nice casual flare. It even offers flat screens TV's with news and football in certain areas.
My wife and I ordered 5 sushi rolls. Each roll included different ingredients, and had its own unique presentation. The flavor was phenomenal and was not overpowered or lost in excess rice. 
This place is must of your looking for ASIAN cuisine. So good we may come back, just to watch the football games.Ok so I love this place .... This is the best sushi place in NE Philadelphia if you want to get sushi closer then center city.  Great prices... Amazing sushi and very clean compare to other sushi places here.It's been 4 years since my last review on this place and I cannot believe how much it's changed. I was shocked walking in to see the once lovely carpet was filthy. I mean BLACK where most of the traffic comes through and the rest dingy. It looks as if it hasn't been cleaned in years. When you walk in, please take a good look around. The light fixtures in the upper portion have a thick film of dirt and probably more than half of the ceiling Christmas lights are out. What happened to this place?
I ordered spicy yellowtail sashimi and they brought out sushi so I asked them to take it back. They brought me back 2 tiny pieces of sashimi that were about half an inch big each?? No joke!! Also ordered the lobster, shrimp, scallop teriyaki. All of it was overcooked. Rubber all over the plate. The shell of the lobster was actually black from how burned it was. I had no way to cut the lobster as they didn't even have a knife so my daughter and I pulled from each end trying to separate it. I had to hold the lobster meat with my hand and tear off chunks with my teeth. The coconut ice cream was fine. 
I can't recommend this place the way it is right now. It was such a wonderful place when it first opened.Really good place! The most affordable sushi place I have ever been. Would definitely recommend their Godzilla roll!My co-worker and I came for lunch. The restaurant has this great 2 for $20.00 lunch special which comes with soup or spring roll, 2 entrees which Inculdes sushi. Everything was great but our dessert was cold. I will definitely be back with Le boo.This is a great sushi place to go to. I've been here numerous times and always enjoy the food. They have just recently redone the upstairs and it looks great and has way more seating available. You can usually be seated fast and the food comes out right away. The price is very inexpensive compared to other places I have been too. They also give out free popcorn in the waiting area which is nice.This sushi place is totally adequate and definitely hit the spot while I was visiting Feasterville. My husband and I were a bit taken aback at the half-off prices. We assumed they were happy hour prices but apparently it's all the time?! I think places that do this are a bit strange.
We ordered miso soup, edamame, and 3 sushi rolls. We couldn't finish it all. The edamame was a bit overcooked and the rolls were just ok -- nothing to write home about. I would try another sushi place in the area before returning to this one.Very nice restaurant, service was a little slow but the food was really good. The standard rolls are just that, pretty standard, spicy tuna, philly roll etc. however the specialty rolls were actually very good and the value is excellent. They have a $20 meal that includes an appetizer and two full size entrees, great value for date night. This is my second time there and it takes a lot for me to go back a second time! Great job!I just finished my excellent 2 for $20 dinner at Ninja. You pick an app, 2 entrees and miso soup or salad. Thanks to  Yelp, I also got a free spring roll. Edamame is the other free choice, but we picked it as our appetizer. Its a great deal for a nice dinner. Service was  polite and attentive.  I give it 4 because the edamame was overly salted,  the salad is the still wet iceberg lettuce with too much dressing. Its a nice ambience, the statement stairway chandelier needs to be dusted. I will go again for my reasonable neighborhood byo. Its not the best Japanese, but thats not what to expect in NE Philly.This is my favorite place in Philly for sushi. Now I've been to many places and this place blows the rest away. The food is great and the place itself is clean and servers are friendly and always willing to accommodate. Oh and did I say the food is great? Always fresh and they make it right there in front of you. Some favorites you can't go wrong with are the shrimp tempura roll and crispy California roll. Great place!Absolutely the best sushi in the area. The place is inviting with great service, and the food is delicious. We go there twice a month to eat sushi. Always fresh and clean. The best roll is the tuna jalapeno roll.Went here for a pre Mother's Day lunch. I was extremely happy with the speed of service, quality of food and the price of the meal. For $20 we got six rolls, Gyoza, and two salads. For this price, the quality was not lacking. The fish was fresh and the rolls were delicious! I will be back again soon!I thought this place was alright. I came in with the wife and the mother in law recently during the week for dinner. We enter and MIL doesn't have an easy time up stairs, so I ask if we can sit on the first floor, and apparently we can't. So we scale the 25 stairs or so up the stairs - which is no problem for an able bodied person. If you or someone you are dining with has a problem with stairs - be warned. 
We go upstairs and it is decorated very elegantly. It is surprising because it is much nicer than the exterior or even the first floor had led me to believe.
We ordered a party platter for the three of us and an additional special roll and it was all pretty good. Most of the rolls did not have fresh fish, so it was tough to judge the quality of it. From what we did have, the tuna and salmon seemed OK, and the albacore was good. The cooked fish and seafood was very good, particularly the soft shell crab. They did put lettuce in a couple of the rolls, which I strongly dislike as I see it as cheap filler that does nothing to enhance the experience. So if you're like me and detest lettuce in sushi, make sure to order rolls without it and to the follow up with a question. Did not try their other food, so can't comment on that.
The service was actually very good. They do a good job of using a main waiter for each table and then they have a busser type of person that helps out. It's a very good system and effective for creating a pleasant dining experience. 
The prices were very reasonable although do not be misled by their large 3.99 lunch special sign outside. I was surprised that they offered such a deal. While I visited, I was there for dinner, but curious about the lunch special deal as it seemed incredible. The lunch special is vegetable fried rice. That's not a lunch, that's a side. They had other lunch specials that were more than 3.99 and also more than a side dish. 
I would not be opposed to coming back here. They had a bunch of special rolls that looked very interesting that I did not try. However, with so many sushi-japanese restaurants in the area that have already won my heart and are wheelchair accessible, I doubt I'll be back anytime soon.I never leave any opinion but this one deserves to be heard! Sashimi salad and tuna calamari salad are loaded with letter and charged at equally 15$ each.. Four piece of sashimi on a sashimi salad is a disgrace. Calamari in calamari salad has more bread on it then a calamari itself. Mango summer roll is topped what tastes like a purred baby food. We left hungry, overcharged, loaded on letters and disappointed second time around! Good luck!Ninja has become one of my family's fav sushi places. Sushi is always fresh and scrumptious. Service is always great. Prices are pretty good.Just go there. Just go. 
Seriously, go, and order the Flaming Heart Roll, and rejoice.
The cocktails are pricy, but the sushi is perfect and affordable. You might find cheaper sushi, but not better for these sorts of prices. The atmosphere is nice, it's always busy (but never so packed you have to wait for a table). Being able to BYOB is great for large parties or cheap date nights. When the small parking lot is the worst complaint, you really can't go wrong.A half off sushi establishment with some good rolls and fresh sushi. I usually mix and match the rolls every time I'm here. I recommend the Tuna Pizza and the Takoyaki here for appetizers to start off the meal. I would suggest ordering in small bunches so that the sushi comes out faster, if you have a larger order for the table, it may take a while for them to make all of the rolls and then bring it to you.Sushi wasn't as good as I expected. I have tasted better sushi in many other similar restaurants.Very, very good restaurant. Amazing pricing on sushi, about 45% less than all the other places in the area with no compromise in flavor and quality. Large menu with something for everyone and great service. Will definitely go back again.I'd give this place five stars, but their service REALLY SUCKS. They take forever to come get your order, bring your food and refill drinks. I cant complain enough how much they suck at service. I've been maybe 15-20 times since they opened and it gets worse it seems like. The food is always good though and very reasonably priced. Its my favorite sushi place in the Northeast.The atmosphere is funky and fun. The staff are nice and friendly. The meal prices are fair, and the quality is much more than the cost. Options include sushi, full entrees, salads, soups etc. overall a very good deal, and we always leave more than satisfied. With good food, good prices, and pleasant service, this is a restaurant I will always drive out of my way to go to.My favorite sushi place as of yet!
Been here twice now after the gym, and the place is VERY clean, fast service and cheap prices. For those who enjoy sushi I highly recommend eating here. The gf gets the Pad Thai which comes in a huge bowl (where she eats the other half the next day). 
This kicks butt on Sakura / Akira. Once you go to Ninja, you won't go back to those.Prompt service! Nice decor! Pretty good sushi rolls and sashimi! Sweet prices! Tried their all sushi roll meaning no rice in the roll! Finally a true low carb option! Will def go back!Ninja is a nice little spot I've driven past this place many times, we stopped here in beginning of March and I have to say it's a nice little up and coming spot, they're in such a good area because there are no other sushi places around the immediate area. 
The atmosphere is really nice and romantic, my girlfriend and I sat upstairs, this was the first time we were ever here and we really enjoyed it. The service was a tad slow where we first walked in, but of course we're patient so we didn't have any complaints. We shared an appetizer which was the Pepper Tuna Tataki, we really enjoyed this it was a lot different than some Tuna Tatakis we've had before. I believe that they're BYOB so make sure to bring a bottle of wine and enjoy some really good sushi. After we finished with the appetizer we both got a variety of different rolls, we each got a specialty roll which was the Hawaiian Roll, this is a must try if you like mango and shrimp tempura. I added a California roll and Shrimp Tempura roll with the specialty roll and I have to say they were great! I really will come back to this place and remember my bottle of wine to enjoy with dinner! Way to go Ninja A+ in my book.Pretty good service and value for lunch special. Had bento box for $11 and it was reasonable portion with salad included.One of the best sushi places ever. The food is exquisite, the service is spectacular, and the prices are fair. I can't recommend this place enough.I absolutely love this place. Amazing sushi for incredible prices. I've never had a sushi roll here that I didn't love. I've dined in and orders pick-up. Easy process, friendly staff. 
I ordered the chicken pad Thai once and was under-impressed. And I would stay away from ordering the fried calamari for take out. It's great in house, but by the time I picked it up, it lost its crunchiness.
My boyfriend loves the steak and shrimp hibachi.This place is a hidden gem. The sushi is one of the best in the neighborhood. Service is ok but the food is great. The oysters are always good and fresh!Me and my girlfriend went here and the food was decent. We sat upstairs, but we were confused because we thought it was hibachi where they cook in front of you and this that and the third. When we went upstairs I ordered the chicken hibachi and it came out how you normally would get food in a restaurant. I don't know if the miscommunication was on our end or if they really do have a hibachi dinner where they cook in front of you. Also the sushi was bit very good at all.Ordered their cooked salmon tempura roll, which was amazing and the best I've ever had. I also ordered the chicken Pad Thai just to see if it was better than what I have eaten before. The chicken Pad Thai was pretty good, but just fell a little short compared to what I've had in the past. I also think the prices are very reasonable for their huge portions. I will definitely recommend this place and surely come back!I LOVE THIS PLACE! The atmosphere. The service. The price. THE FOOD! How is it possible to cover all bases? I love the 2 for $20. You chose between soup or salad. Chose an appetizer, then 2 entrees. You can even get 3 sushi rolls as an entree. And, I'm not even kidding, I teared up the food was so good. From the soup (what I chose) to the steak and chicken hibachi, to the large selection of sushi rolls. AND, it was all for under $40! For 2 people! What the...? Listen, just go there. That's all I have to say.Eh not feeling it.  Came based on how many reviews they have. Got take out btw. Place has no parking whatsoever the inside is huge. 2 floors. Their menus is like a book! They dont have as much sushi as one expects. I thought they'd have a ton more like places in Bensalem do. It was ok not great. The chicken sticks were some of the best I've ever had. Very smokey and tasty. Also got the hibachi chicken and steak. Was ext land and tasteless way too many veggies with literally 3 carrots. The sushi wasn't really that good either. A little disappointing based on the killer lighting on the outside and the good reviews. Moving on though. Thanks Anyway.The food is good the place inside is very nice and clean, service is little slow that needs improvement.Grand Opening! Third half-price sushi/hibachi place to open in the area within a couple years. This place looks the nicest tho. Let's see how the food is... =}
...The food was amazing. My friend got five sushi rolls and they were all great. I got sashimi and the fish was like butter it melted in your mouth. This will be my go-to sushi spot from now on.I just love everything about this restaurant. I come here alot for lunch with friends during the work day. The hibachi is great and the prices are on point for lunch. It comes with miso soup and a salad to start. You can have a great lunch out for about $10. The decor in here is real funky and modern as well. I love the hanging roses all over the ceiling. Go here. Have lunch :)Fresh fish and delicious! I had the star roll and Japan one sashimi roll....both were excellent :)
Hibachi was also pretty good!
Also, the overall atmosphere is relaxed and the staff is friendly. The lighting is just right for an evening out - there's a cool chandelier and bulbs hanging above. 
Definitely coming back.Really good place! The most affordable sushi place I have ever been. Would definitely recommend their Godzilla roll!Better than their competition Kyoto. Sushi is always fresh. The service is good. Overall it's s great place to have sushi at a great price!