Our second trip here...had the poutine of course and it was much better than I remembered...good gravy, curds and fries...wife and I split the lobster ravioli in a rose sauce and it was excellent...niece with us had the chicken pot pie...which is to die for...several years ago they published the recipe in the review and my wife has been using it ever since...the piece de resistance, though was the lemon cake dessert...if I'd known how good it was I would have ordered my own instead of sharing...all the service crew are curtious and friendly...we will be back.It was me and the husband's first time dining here, we usually go to Center City but want to start trying out Passyunk Ave. When we walked in we couldn't believe how small and cramped the dining area was, maybe 7 tables at most. The bar was crowded as well. It wasn't the size that bothered us as much as the noise. You had to yell across the table to hear each other. And at 29 and 34, we were by FAR the youngest people, so definitely a more mature crowd there. As loud and rowdy as it was, you'd think you were at a frat party, not surrounded by people your parents' age! So be prepared to yell a lot if you go on a busy night. My husband had it worse, as he was facing a creepy, intoxicated older couple putting their hands down each other's pants and making out. No exaggeration there, unfortunately. 
The food was quite tasty, but not many choices for the health-conscious person like me. Everything was heavily sauced, creamy, etc. I got the Caesar Salad (good but way overdressed) and the Chicken Pot Pie. I pictured a chicken pot pie with chunks of chicken/veggies in it, but it was more like a gigantic bowl of pot pie soup with a huge puff pastry sitting on top. Don't get me wrong, it was very tasty, just A LOT. Took most of it in a to-go box. Husband had the rice balls and lobster ravioli which he enjoyed. We shared a tiramisu and that was by far the best thing we had, delicious!! Service was fine as well, Chuck waited on us and was very nice and attentive. 
3 stars for the food, but definitely won't be going back on a weekend ever again!My friend Chris W and I decided to take our culinary adventures to an upscale comfort food restaurant and bar on East Passyunk Avenue this week. For my appetizer, I had the Montreal Poutine, a big plate filled to the brim of freshly cut fries, corned beef, squeaky cheese curds, and brown gravy. Chris had the Moules Frites, an equally huge plate of mussels, spinach, tomato, garlic, and freshly cut fries. For dinner, we each had a plate of Lobster Ravioli, six big pillows of delectable lobster meat sitting in a tasty sea of brandy lobster sauce with three jumbo shrimp. Everything was delicious, well-executed, and well-prepared. The fries were beautifully done. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The cheese was super stringy as it should be. The corned beef in brown gravy was delicious. Chris' mussels dish was delicous as well. We both enjoyed our lobster ravioli. It reminded me of the lobster ravioli Upstairs at Varalli used to serve.I enjoyed dinner here on a Saturday night. There were 8 of us in our party and each of  had a wonderful time. We started out with the antipasto, chicken wings, cheesesteak rolls and our favorite, the rice balls. Our dinner entrees were delicious and we all had our entrees at the same time. For dessert I had the limoncello cake which was so good. The restaurant is tastefully decorated, the food was very good and the prices reasonable. I would definitely come back.This place has such incredible food and service. 
Starting from appetizers- the antipasto is a fantastic starter dish. Everything tasted so fresh!
There were four of us and we each had something different. We all finished every last bite- to me this means you could order anything on the menu and not go wrong. 
For dessert we all tried the Tiramisu, pumpkin cheesecake, a normal cheese cake and a really decadent chocolate "caramely" cake. After eating my entire dinner, I seriously couldn't stop myself from eating some of each of these. 
Hands down a fantastic experience. The next time we are in Philadelphia we are coming back here. Just YUM.Very nice surprise! My friend and I had lunch here cuz of the restaurant week. The lunch menu with three courses is $15. We didn't expect too much. But everything was wonderful. I love the salad and the main course. And omg the chocolate cake was amazing. Definitely gonna come back soon!So me and my partner went to Noir for the first time this evening. The reviews were good so we gave it a shot. I got the braised short rib. He got the scallops. Both were amazing. The service was great. The hostess was friendly and always concerned, making sure our evening was a great one. We will definitely be returning!The food was great and the service was wonderful. We didn't have reservations and they were booked for the night. The greeter allowed us to stay due to my group only  having an hour to eat. The restaurant was small but the ambience, service, and food was GREAT!Excellent food! We came late at night and they accommodated us perfectly, made us feel at home.We go here often, never disappointed love the food and the service!! The artichoke is to die for and the calamari is the best I ever had! The could go on cause I've had mostly everything on the menu at one time or another and always delish!!!!Been here twice, first time for dinner and the second time for lunch.
Both times were awesome! 
The waitstaff are very friendly and attentive without being too overbearing. The menu is one of my favorite parts. They have Chicken Pot Pie! You bet your sweet butt I ordered that. And i'm glad I did, cause it was soooooo goood. I'll get the Shepard's pie next time! I wanted to get poutine, but that will be another adventure. My friend and I went for the Crab Mac & Cheese. They also have Strongbow - another A+ for you, Noir.
When I came back here for lunch with my sisters, I ordered the calamari which was very good and the burger with sharp provolone. Service was funny that time because they had just opened, but I was happy with that visit as well.This is a spot you must go to for a meal and some cocktails. I was skeptical at first but blown away by everything we ordered. Clams, short ribs, and pasta all excellent.The lamb ragu was ridiculously salty, so salty I ate maybe 1/16th of it.  Bit disappointed as the menu seemed promising.If my mom was writing this, she would say that she felt like all eyes were on her during our dinner the other night. That was all I kept hearing from her:
"Why won't the server look at you at all when he comes over here?"
"The manager is staring me down from where she's sitting.. over there. Why is she staring me down? This is uncomfortable. Oh.. she's coming over here now. --pause, looks to manager-- Yes! The food is good, thanks. --pause, looks back at me-- Goodness, can I just eat my meal in peace?"
We had gone to Noir for EPRW. They were serving a 3-course, $25-pp meal, which didn't include a dessert portion but was still a good deal.
Upon walking in, we were greeted with an expansive, semi-dark and largely empty bar area. We walked back to the smallish dining area and were greeted and seated at a four-top. Soon thereafter, another party of two was seated at the four-top behind me and I was successfully wedged into my little area. Thank goodness I am not claustrophobic. Saying the tables here are close together is an understatement.
We were given food and drink menus, and you have to ask about their taps if you want beer. We then ordered our meals (and this was the last time the server acknowledged that I existed, but hey -- I'm used to it by now when dining out with my mom. Clearly I have nothing to offer servers since I'm young. ..But can you imagine if I had been treating that night??)
Started off with a small loaf of bread. Pretty basic bread. I have no complaints.
Next were the salads. I chose the traditional caesar for mine. I also have no complaints. Ate every bite of that salad. My mom chose the spinach salad. She ate every bite aside from the cheese -- and really should have given me the cheese. I'll never understand how she doesn't like cheese.
After that, I had the "mozzarella sandwich," and I'm still confused as to how it was a sandwich. It appeared to be cheese inside breading with chunks of tomatoes and olive oil, which to me is a modified form of, um, mozzarella sticks. Just smaller. A slightly odd choice for a "second course," but I'm a light eater so it was filling enough for me. But for people expecting to pick it up and eat it like a sandwich... you're out of luck here. Meanwhile, my mom had the risotto balls for her second course and she really enjoyed them.
For our main and final course, I chose the chicken pot pie and really wish I had not. I think I should've opted for the Montreal Burger. It would've been better, I think, if the filling was within the pie crust, rather than having a floating biscuit-type thing on top of the mix. Additionally, the bottom of the biscuit was burnt, so I peeled it off. Plus, the biscuit itself just simply did not taste that good. Not to mention, I didn't know that the filling would have full mushrooms in it, so I picked them all out. It would've been awesome if their menu actually had detailed descriptions of their food on it rather than just saying, "chicken pot pie with roasted vegetables." Oh, well.
My mom had the penne a la vodka and said the sauce was different than she was used to, but wasn't bad. I tried a piece, and it definitely was not my thing, but hey, I'm sure some people like it.
After this meal, I think I'd only come back to Noir to sit at their bar and try a burger. I had their hot dog concoction at a hot dog festival last summer (just confirmed on my Instagram -- it was one of the first photos I ever posted!) and loved it, so I think they're more of a casual, fun place than a three-course RW type.Ate at Noir last night with 12 ladies for our friend's special bday after doing Escape the 1980's down the street. Noir staff was ready for us and so welcoming. We never felt rushed, and Chuck took great care of us. Most of us had salads to start...delicious. The dressing on the house salad is soooo good. Menu is big with a huge list of appetizers and rich Italian entrees. Seared scallops was about the healthiest option, as well as the salmon special. Both were sampled T our tables along w/the mussels & fries, gnocchi and various pastas with rich sauces. Everyone LOVED their dinners. Drinks were fairly priced. Cozy atmosphere. Very tiny. Feels like a great neighborhood spot. Would def go again for the food and very warm staff.This bar is owned by the canadian so some of the food is montreal inspired. There is a canadian-type 'citywide' special with canadian beer and a shot for $5.
We got the poutine and I ordered the lobster pasta. The poutine was really good and cheesy without being overpowering. The meat was sufficient in the poutine too. I would definitely order that if you went there. The main dish wasn't as great, but it wasn't bad. I think the lobster/seafood pasta could have had more inside of it rather than being mostly sauce and seafood - maybe some more vegetables or flavor. The sauce itself was creamy and well made though.I went to Noir with a group of 6 people and it was fantastic. Our waiter (I wish I remembered his name) was so attentive and patient even when my dad was being difficult. Our food was fantastic. Everyone at our table loved everything they got and it came out perfectly timed and everything. My dad (who never says things like this) exclaimed that he would come back anytime! We loved our experience and would highly recommend.Came to noir with my family on Christmas Eve. What a great experience! They had a whole separate menu which was not a fixed price and was optional that had tons of delicious specials specifically for the holiday. The menu was big with tons of options for people of different palletes. Had a fun holiday drink menu which was amazing I had cotton candy champagne which was cool and delicious! The owner came by multiple times to check if we were OK and all of the servers were extremely friendly and helpful. It really was a great experience and we will be returningStopped in with family and we weren't disappointed. Everything that we ordered was great, from the rice balls to the wings and cheese ravioli with meatballs. I ordered the poutine, it was amazing. I will definitely return here on a regular basis. The service was also great.Small, intimate, fabulous food and great service.
Parking is promlematic, but the food and service make it worthwhile.Very easy to get reservations through open table the night before- I'm highly shocked there were times left because this place is  Phenomenal.
My aunt and I went to dinner and we shared the caesar salad which was just right and not overdressed and the rice balls for apps.
I had the crabmeat,shrimp and asparagus in a creamy lobster sauce over linguini that if I could have I would have licked the plate. My Aunt had the linguini and crab gravy which we both agreed was the best we had in a long time. I don't normally get this since it never tastes right however please try it here, you won't be disappointed.
Cocktails are very tasty, I had the tangerine martini. I highly recommend this!
It's kinda small so I would definitely get reservations and I can't wait to come back with my boyfriend.I have been to noir multiple times and their food is wonderful have never had a complaint about the service but the most recent time I went to noir I was appalled at the service provided. When you walk into an establishment you should be greeted happily, I am providing you with business. I have worked in the service industry and am well aware of what it takes to be a sufficient customer service provider. But the staff working currently do not have what it takes. They have been rude and disrespectful. When I walked in I was not greeted but ignored. It took minutes until someone camr over and asked me "what I wanted" with an attitude. When I had placed my order at the bar I was looked at with a condescending look and asked for my id. After I was thrown my two glasses I had ordered no one ever came back to ask how everything was or if we would like another glass in 30 minutes. We came with the intention to order food as well, yet we were never given a menu for the entire 45 minutes that we were here. We have decided to take our business elsewhere and I will not staying at this establishment for the remainder of our evening. We even had to get the bartenders attention in order to close out our check. When closing out with the bartender, a "thank you" was brazenly stated and our change was handed to us without a checkbook or receipt. 
Don't ever go if Valerie.3 stars for now...pleasant staff nice decor...had the poutine which is ample and very good...also the mussel, which while on the small side were tasty...my martini was good... We will go back, the menu looked interesting enough for another dinner...habit to try the chicken pot pie!What a pleasant surprise! I wasn't sure what to expect but this ended up being one of the more enjoyable restaurant week experiences I've had. 
The menu was extensive with lots of options - full sized options BTW. My maple glazed salmon was perfection. The beet and goat cheese salad was to die for. I wanted to lick my plate clean but held back on the walnuts and the licking because weight watchers (grr) oh, and I guess manners. 
Lemoncello cake to top it all off - DEVINE. The manager stopped by to check on us a bunch of times and seemed to really care that we were happy (we were). 
Top notch experience. Highly recommend.Came in for restaurant week, lunch time.  Food was three stars, basing it on bar food quality. I was expecting more. 
Service was two stars. Only two waiters for lunch during restaurant week is not acceptable. We came for during lunch break, which ended up being a two hour experience, not great. 
Only recommend if you are looking for average bar food served more elegantly.pretty good, but a little underwhelming. the wine and beer list are a bit short of being on par with other restaurants. the food was reasonably good, but lacked a bit of luster and flair. also, i don't generally complain about overattentive wait staff, but i felt like someone was stopping by our table every 30 seconds here.Went for dinner with a group last night and we were not pleased.  The tables are in the back and to get there you have to walk through a very crowded fire hazard bar area since the place is long and narrow.  We kept tapping shoulders saying excuse me excuse me .  It was horrible like walking thru a mob to get to ur table.  Upon reaching our table we discovered a VERY small congested dining area with few tables and the area was dark and VERY loud so it was  hard to hear one another.  Food was alright however the menu was very odd. We couldn't tell if the menu was for a gastro pub, an italian restaurant or a diner.  Service was great with an attentive staff.  However, with the noise, layout and odd menu we left very disappointed.  Since owner and staff is so nice they should consider addressing the menu which is an easy fix.  Next priority should be the noise level and ultimately econfiguring the space so the bar crowd doesn't block diners from entering and leaving the dining area.  Need to decide...r u bar or a restaurant?   If both great but relocate to a space that fits that plan.  You also need to decide what ur dining category is whether its pub food, italian food or upscale diner/ american food.  Good luck ur owner and staff seem very nice but ur business needs some major tweaks.First time I've been there. Maybe shouldn't have gone restaurant week .  Had reservations but they sat us next to front door. Guests were coming and going, it was freezing out , my friends didn't want to ask to be moved to a dining table although we were there for dinner. Martini was great. Beet salad was incredible. 2 of my friends ordered off regular menu, scallops were salty but the didn't want to send them back.  My linguini pescatore was so spicy I couldn't eat it. I asked just that they drain some  of sauce off so not to be a bother but they insisted on making me a new one that came out after my friends were finished their entrees. The only problem was  with the woman who came to apologize for me not liking my pasta. She was telling me that its pescatore Fra Diablo, oh really? No it read linguini pescatore, I said. She continued to be condescending. Believe me I know the attitude, I was also born and raised in south Philadelphia.  The desserts were not home made but very good. Its more if a bar than a restaurant, very loud . They took some money off the bill for my inconvenience, the servers were wonderful, but I can't recommend the place because of my experience with the woman. Shame, I go out often and am generous with my reviews. So if you want a good meal, great drinks and condescending staff, go there.First time visit and the roasted beet salad, mussels, and fra diavolo were all wonderfully prepared.  Each dish had a perfect balance of flavors and was perfectly portioned.  Service was excellent:  friendly, courteous and timely.  This is a place to experience and return to, again and again.I came to Noir for an early NYE dinner. We were a party of four and three of us had never been here before. Noir did not disappoint!! We had the stuffed artichoke and rice balls for apps. Then I had the lobster ravioli for my entree. Portions are mighty and hearty. I will definitely be coming back here! I love that the majority of the menu is Italian with small flares of pub food.We took a friend from out of town here a few weeks ago.  Immediately when we walked in I was assaulted with the smell of the bathroom cleaner, its an old neighborhood so I let it go.  We ordered drinks which were fine.  Our first course was underwhelming.  We ordered a flatbread of some sort that was clearly store bought and the kitchen just slaps some toppings on top.  The second course was fine, nothing special since I don't remember it.  The big issue we had with our experience was the constant distractions from the staff.  We could hear the kitchen yelling at each other the entire time, and halfway through dinner - roughly 8pm - the server sat down at a table close to us and started polishing the silverware.  Every single knife, fork, and spoon was thrown into a plastic tub.  The sound was irritating and distracting.  It felt like the staff was trying to get out early and doing everything in their power to make it an uninviting space.  We declined dessert just to get away from the clanging sound.Small place but very friendly staff. Coming from a québécois, this place is authentic! Poutine is the really deal!Good spot. Loved the arugula salad. Penne descio was decent. Planning to go back and try the Montreal Burger.Decent date night spot. Friendly service, fair prices and good food. Sometimes seems like more of a dive bar rather than an upscale establishment. I'm not sure which identity they are going for, but either way I don't mind going every once in awhile.Was passing by in Philadelphia that week and thought I should look for a poutine. I have a habit of looking for that in every state I go to. Not disappointed at all, the cheese is squeaky, fries are crispy and the sauce is right on. They  add smoked briskets which makes it even better. The place wouldn't be what it is for its atmosphere and the people gathered there. Very welcoming.The Calamari is amazing here.  
I don't even remember what I had for a meal, because I was so content gorging myself on the appetizer.  
Overall, Noir has a great vibe and the staff was friendly.  I will definitely be back for more platefuls of calamari.  Yumm.I stopped by Noir for the first time during a bar crawl. They advertised discounted Cider and Cheese Steak Won-Tons, how could I not make them a priority with those offers? 
When you enter Noir, you arrive first at the bar which has seating and a few cocktail tables. As you walk back, you'll enter the restaurant seating. The bathrooms are also in the back.
The Cheese Steak Won Tons were worth the trip. They were delicious, if you come to Noir for whatever reason you need to add them to your order.
The service here was pretty slow, especially when it came to paying the bill. We waited at least 15 minutes before we finally were able to pay. 
Noir, like many of the restaurant/bars on passyunk is unique and potentially worth another trip- at the very least for the cheese steak won tons.In a word: average. The linguini raffaele was mostly salty, the Bolognese was dull, and the moules frites had sweet mussels but tasteless sauce. Only the crab gravy and linguini had any semblance of flavor, and it was still only fine. There are too many average Italian places in philly, and it's a shame that Noir has joined their ranks.Everytime I leave this restaurant I leave full to capacity but at the same time I can't wait to get back here to do it all over again. The service is very professional, very nice and very accommodating. 
As for our meal we started out with some appetizers little neck clams, cheesteak potstickers and the stuffed artichoke. The stuffed artichoke was my favorite but it kind of had an edge since I had had it before. The cheesesteak potstickers were genius and the clams were cooked perfectly. Not one grain of sand. For an entree I had the Tagliatelle Raffaela. This is one of the best pasta dishes that I've ever had. Again everything was cooked perfectly not too hard, not too soft and the cream sauce was light, not heavy at all. The friend that I was dining with had the Braised Beef Short Ribs. The meat was so tender it didn't fall off the bone as much as it slid off the bone. Mixed with the demi-glace and the mushrooms it was a beautiful piece of meat. 
The restaurant is not large, it's pretty intimate so I would strongly suggest making a reservation and do it quickly because this restaurant is not to be missed.I had the opportunity to dine at this establishment.  It was for girls night out. We were late for our reservations so I thought we would be pushed to the side. Not at all they completely understood. 
   The food was excellent and the Cosmo's were awsome. Our server was on the ball and fun. Definitely hitting this spot again.Last minute choice that we could walk to and was pleasantly surprised. The eggplant lasagna was awesome and the poutine did not disappoint!  Will go back for both. 
Sorry to Ben P., even those of us over 50 like to eat out have a good time. Maybe you should appreciate stares if that's all you can get!   grow up.First time at Noir was with a friend that knew people that worked there.  Everytime since has been with all new people, and I have been treated better and better every time.  The food is top notch, the prices are what they should be, better than what they should be!  They keep you coming back for more, great service, smiling faces and they remember you when you come back!!   When the owner Donna remembers you, and thanks you, its a place you wanna go back!!   Not to leave staff out but I think it was Francesca, Colin, Nicole, Chuck and Julian, that makes this place worth going again and again!Went here for a birthday dinner, it was my first time here, so I didn't know what to expect.  They started serving some dishes, so fortunately I got to try several things from the menu.  Ok, holy crap.  When I tell you, everything that went in my mouth was the most delicious thing on earth, I am not lying.  I grew up with Italian grandmothers, and this food tasted like it was from them.  I got such a homemade vibe from this food.  I want to go here every day for dinner.Four of us had dinner at Noir last Friday night.  When we arrived, the owner, Billie, came out from behind the bard to greet us!  What a great dinner! The stuffed artichokes are to die for. Our friends had the chicken wings (the best they ever had), a wonderful light salad, and we had the bronzino (absolutely perfectly grilled) and a pasta dish.  Can't wait to go back!!!Went here for lunch during the Passyunk Ave Restaurant week so there was a 3 course lunch for $15 per person.    You were able to make choices from a few select items which was fine.  The waiter was friendly and attentive.  The bread was fresh and served with butter which I liked.  The rice balls were outstanding. I had the Penna a la vodka.  It had chicken in it and I should have ordered it without the chicken.  My friend has the Chicken Pot Pie which he loved. My friend ordered the tiramisu for dessert.  I am usually not a fan but this was excellent. It was so fresh and light.  I ordered some type of pistachio dessert and did not care for it at all.  I would return to Noir and would recommend this to everyone.Love love love this place! Fantastic food, rich, gourmet yet comfort food. Love the staff and atmosphere. One of my new top spots.I'm 57 years old. I went here for East Passyunk restaurant week, expecting a nice meal. But this was simply the best meal that I ever had in my life.  The waitress was a delight, but the food was sublime! I've been to great restaurants here and abroad, this was the best meal that I ever had!!!!!!!!!.Food, service and drinks were great. Had the lobster ravioli and seafood fra Diablo, both were delicious. Portion sizes were large. Will absolutely go back!Food was delish and the service was superb- had the turkey Milanese and spicy crab balls, will definitely be going back often! Welcome to the neighborhood!Just came in for a drink and some happy hour food and I was incredibly impressed by the number of choices they have for happy hour food!  I had an amazing spinach salad and some wings - both of which were super delicious!  I have not had other things on the menu but think I may be back to try the full menu.  The only issue was that the bar service was pretty slow - but it may have been because it seemed like it may have been more crowded than it normally is on a week day during happy hour.I went here once probably some of the best run I tasted. Omgosh you guy should really try out the fries it's so amazingly good!Low key, unpretentious feel, but really good food.  Party of 5, all of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals.Great food and quick service! One of the best plates of veal saltimbocca I've ever had.I recently visited Noir for the first time and was so impressed! It was much quieter than other places on the Ave. so you could hold a conversation. We went for a birthday party. The waiters were more than happy to keep refilling out bread and drinks and there was always someone in sight to help. The food was delicious. A great mix of traditional Italian foods from various regions that would suit most palettes. We had the antipasti with meats and cheese, the pizza, the rice balls (which you have to try!), our entrees (which were all generously sized) and coffee and dessert. All of it was hot and delicious. Overall such a pleasant experience. We will be back!Walked in off the street tonight with no reservation, and we (4 of us) were seated right away.  Friendly hostess, and really cool Waiter (Julian), with a great mix of friendly and professional.  Service was great.  I had the Spinach salad... it was delicious..  My friends had the crab cake and the Arugula Salad.  Nothing left on the plate.  Dinner came out within a nice amount of time.  Hot and wonderfully good.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass, my friends had the steak, I forget which one, the chicken and the mac and cheese.  No one left a morsel on the plate.  We had 2 bottles of red wine which was great as well.  The Tiramisu and the Creme Brûlée Cheesecake for dessert was amazing.  I don't know if it was home made but I definitely have no complaints, I practically licked my plate.  Been wanting to try this place  and only ended up there, cause there was some one I didn't want to see in another restaurant so, we tried. it.  I'm happy I did.  I will definitely be making this restaurant one that I go to frequently and recommend highly.  Good Job NOIR!I sat at the bar with a girlfriend. I found the staff to be friendly and even chatted with the owner twice that night. The place had an older crowd.  The rice balls were warm and delicious and the mussels with fries is definitely a favorite. My friend and I split the veal piccata. It was a bit on the salty side, but it was a good portion size for an entree and I felt full afterward. I came in just to have a drink at the bar and ended up eating quality food as well. Would recommend!I went to this establishment to try poutine for the first time. Not only am I a fan of that, I am  now a fan of Noir. The special steamed clams in a garlicky spicy broth was awesome as well. The owners were very nice and the staff very attentive. I will be going back to try other dishes from the menu, especially now that Hockey is back on!We love this place...whether for a quick bite at lunch (and a glass of wine!) or dinner out. The pasta is always fresh and I'm obsessed with the spinach gnocchi with brown butter. So good. The rice balls are also a go-to for us...as is the ravioli ...what ever kind is on the menu. Very friendly staff...and a nice atmosphere with good prices.Noir has to be my favorite place to go.  Warm and welcoming is how you feel when you walk in the door.  Once the wait staff gets to know you, your drink is in front of you in minutes.  There menu is small, but everything on it is delicious from the pasta to a burger.  And, they will also customize your dish to your dietary needs.  If you get a chance visit Noir and  our bartender Colin,and tell him Carol & Mario sent you.I love coming here. Great food and drinks at great prices. The staff is so friendly as well. Definitely a fun little spot in a great neighborhood. Love the rice balls and penne a la Vodka :) you really can't go wrong here.Delicious food and great atmosphere. Bartenders are great as well as the serving staff.Went here on a Saturday night with reservations through open table. Seat was ready 10 minutes before. This was our second time and this place does not disappoint. The rice balls are a must try, they were just as delicious as we remembered. Diver sea scallops and the lobster sauce linguine were our mains and both were delicious. Great waitstaff and service. We will be back.Amazing food, friendly staff, good drink selection. Every time my family and I go here we enjoy ourselves. The hostess Donna is friendly and funny and treats us so well. Their waitstaff are knowledgeable and upbeat, even to my pain in the butt grandmother! I've one with parties of four and 9 and always get great service. 
Chef Marco knows what he is doing in the kitchen. The rice balls are definitely worth getting, as are his wings! Perfect balance of sweet and spicy. 
If you like craft beer, they always have a really nice selection to choose from  if you're not sure what to get ask your server, they usually know. 
It you want a good date spot, check them out.  Just be warned, it can get a little loud because of the smaller size.I've walked by this bar a million times on my way home from work and have been curious, but it always looked a little fancy and quiet so it took me a while to work up the nerve.  I finally went in when I started seeing outdoor signs for happy hour and affordable sounding food specials.  It turns out, this place is full of life even if there are two people at the bar.  The bartender and owner immediately made me feel comfortable (which rarely happens when you are a woman alone at a bar  and bartenders look at you like you're strange as hell).  The chicken meatballs with ricotta cheese and arugula were out of this world good and I licked my plate clean.  I am slightly obsessed with the Italian Ice Cocktail on a hot day (that's right, water ice plus booze!)  I can't wait to try more food!  Definitely has a local south Philadelphian vibe about it with not a hipster in sight, which can be a nice change of scenery from the other local haunts.  I've heard there may be an entertainment license soon and this would be a fantastic place for live music.Went here this past Sunday for some cocktails. It was so dead in there. When we walked in, there was no one but the bartender and 2 other workers there. They were all chilling in a group in the corner when we walked in. They briefly said hi to us and went back to chit-chatting with their coworkers. Then the bartender comes to ask us what we want, we ordered, he served us and went back to chilling with his group of coworkers. It was so lame to even have one drink in there. We gulped our drinks and left ASAP. The drinks were alright. I wouldn't come back here again.I like the place so far, after about 3 visits.  The decor is gorgeous and the food is pretty good.  However, the beer and wine selection could use some help.  They've been serving Gallo Chardonnay, which to me is very sub-par.  Their beers are better, but still not the full selection I'd like to see  It lacks the microbrews I expect out of a S Philly drinking establishment (although they do carry Dogfish Head 60 minute, so that's good).  That said, I still think this is a nice place to have in the neighborhood and I plan to be a regular!I usually don't review a place that i haven't actually dined at(that  serves food) but ill make a 4 star exception for Noir. Our first stop on the Witch Craft Beer Crawl and we were not disappointed. It was nearly empty when we grabbed up a table on the sidewalk and our server came out to fill us in on the specials. We all opted for the Hard Pumpkin cider. We were in the mood just to munch and unfortunately nothing on the menu tickled our fancy, though various small plates were available we were in the mood for some snack like options.
I have to say service here was spot on and we had two additions to our party midway through our beers and the staff was very accommodating. 
Reasons-I will return : 
Legit Happy Hour-5-7  and again from 10-12 $4.00 well drinks, $1 off draft beers  (all or most beers are under 6 anyway) 
Awesome Staff and Location.I wish I lived in the city so I could eat the bolognaise every night! Luckily we are close enough that we can go when we want.  The bolognaise is so good but so is their rice ball appetizer, the chicken pot pie and the shrimp and lobster ravioli.  The sauce for those ravioli is fantastic!   I kept seeing in other reviews that Noir is a neighborhood gem and it really is. I had a difficult time deciding what to order because it all sounds good. Service was great too.  We will be backthe food is superb, the staff is incredibly friendly and attentive. and they have poutine!!Loved the mushroom risotto, poutine, and beet salad. All were delicious but the risotto was a little salty. Very great atmosphere and service. It feels like you are in someone's home.First time here on the last day of restaurant week for lunch. I came in right after they're open, so the guest was only me. They asked about reservation, so probably you need to call first before you come
Got a great service and great dishes for 15$, well worth it! It was for spinach salad, chicken noodle soup, and lemon cake. All taste good. I will probably come in weekend with some friends to get drinks and dinner :)Exquisite!! Everything about this place. From its quaint little seating arrangements to the smiles from the staff. And the food, oh the food. Beat our expectations. We tried it out based on dining cards we use from time to time. The menu seemed great, so why not? Terrific meal. We'll definitely be back for more.Meal: 
Grilled Octopus app and The artichoke app.
I had sensed either or would be fine for lunch but was advised otherwise. 
I was full after the hunks of grilled octopus on a bed of arugula with sliced cherry tomatoes and a heavy lemon dressing. 
I truly enjoyed this 
When the artichoke stuffed with pancetta, breadcrumbs and garlic arrived I was full. What I ate of it was enjoyable and it was beautifully presented. 
The seating area is tight.  I'll come back for dinner sometime and sit at the bar.Great food - simple yet delicious Italian food that tastes like home cooking! It's a bit noisy but with the fun vibe that a local spot should have! Highly recommend!This is the first time that the humor of a Yelp review motivated me to go to a restaurant. Ben P wrote "if you want to drink with the 50+ crowd that drinks like the 30 and under crowd," this is your joint. I was both offended and amused by the comment in that I am in my 40s and didn't know I was supposed to behave a certain way. I may have grey hair, but I have maintained my youthful immaturity. So, Noir sounded cool because I would be among my tribe of oldsters and cougars. 
I went for dinner on a weeknight and did notice the crowd was a mix of ages, which was nice. Although a mix of ages is pretty common, but this time I noticed it more. As other people have said, the restaurant was an overpriced gastropub. My dining companion did not like Noir at all because she wasn't impressed with the food. And neither was I. But I can definitely see myself coming back so that I can let my freak granny flag fly.  But next time, I will stick to the bar and skip dinner.Restaurant week! Great deal only $15! The Chicken pot pie a winner! Nice establishment friendly servers!My boyfriend and I went for the first time tonight and really loved this place. We got seats at the bar on a Saturday night - reservations are recommended but it's the type of place where you can slip in last minute. The regulars at the bar were warm and friendly, the waitstaff and bartenders were like family. Food was excellent - definitely try the prosciutto asparagus. Great draft beer selection, my only small complaint was I drank a few different glasses of wine and none were all that impressive. Tasty but straight forward. You might get a better wine if you order a full bottle. This place is like the many pubs we have throughout Philly with high quality, creative pub fare - but with italian delicacies. We live in North Philly but will def be back.Outstanding,  absolutely outstanding.  I can't believe I have lived so close for years and never k we about this gem.  I had the poutine that was just incredible,  it was a huge portion for an appetizer,  definitely enough to share or have as a main course.  So yummy!!  I also got the short rib and mushroom ravioli.....  Oh.  My.  God.  It was heaven,  another huge portion of food and the demi and ravioli were to die for.  The service was perfect,  the waiter was awesome and killed it service g the whole restraint and the hostess/owner was lovely and very attentive.  Beautiful place and I am super happy I found it.  I'll never leave hahaWe really liked the previous establishment at this address, so we came in with a slight bias, figuring Noir could not be as good as Sticks and Stones.  Further, whenever we walk or drive by Noir we note the ghastly typeface on the metal sign out front.  This also influenced a premature bias. 
But that wouldn't be fair to judge based on those factors....
We decided to sample a few things on the menu.  The nachos were splendid.  Great flavors, fresh taste, proper texture.  The poutine was incredible.  I wouldn't call myself a poutine expert, since i've only been to Montreal once, but given that I was on a mission during that trip to find the best of the best, I will happily say that this fine East Passyunk establishment stacks up really well!  I will most certainly be back for more poutine.  
I think my fiancee had a salad and she wolfed it down.  And I think she said she would be back for more, which is more of a compliment than any of my 4-star ratings on yelp.  
The beer selection is about right.   Not too whacky or overly-pretentious. 
Service was pretty good.  Friendly and cheerful.  The decor is ok - a bit lacking at the moment, but the juke box looks like it's on Texas steroids and actually becomes kind of the center of lighting ambience if you're sitting at the bar.  Ironically, the jukebox doesn't seem to get much play, but perhaps with time this place will attract some decent weekend night crowds to liven things up a bit.  On the other hand, however, I wouldn't mind if it stayed a kind of low-key place where you don't have to wait forever for a table and is conducive to relaxation and conversation.This place is amazing!   I have eaten here many times since they opened and love their menu and staff.  I'm a huge fan of their eggplant lasagna (well done) and bolognaise.  Their crab cakes, artichoke, cheese steak pot stickers, linguine pescatore and their lobster ravioli's are all a 10!  If you love Italian then I highly recommend.