Everything was great.  In particular, the kale was really flavorful, the Alfredo chickpeas was a great unique take, and the Mac and cheese was also great.I have been looking for a good vegan restaurant in Philly and I have finally found my go-to spot! This place has the most delicious food and their menu is packed with so many great vegan options. I had the "scallops" made from mushrooms and I was blown away!I've come here multiple times, and sometimes I have a good experience and sometimes I have not such a pleasant experience. This can really mess with a business' reputation as there isn't that consistency. The owner is friendly if you ever have a chance for her to attend you, but the other workers is a "hit or miss", so are very nice and professional, others don't seem to put in that extra effort to really give that real customer service. Overall, this place I would consider is overpriced, sometimes it's worth it sometimes it's not. Check my food recommendations below
Food: 
The BEST vegan fried chick'n i've ever had. I tend to get the platter and I always have leftovers. Would prefer less salty. The vegetable frittata is good as well. These would be my two go-tos.
Don't get:
Cheesesteak or the pizza. I feel like the pizza is overpriced, small and it barely has any cheese on it. The cheesesteak is BAD. It has a very gooey texture, and it's honestly too messy. Also the bread is always wet because I've had friends order it.Went to Nourish for dinner.  The service could have been a little faster, the food made up for it. I also enjoyed the atmosphere both inside and outside.Second time eating from Nourish this week. Beautiful new location in Italian Market! We had the Fried Mushrooms, Avocado Toast, Chickpea Omelette, Chicken Sandwich, and Mac n Cheese.  Everything was delicious.  Had some of the desserts, whatever the pumpkin spice cake thing is is unbelievably good.  Will recommend to anyone looking for a great plant based meal.I am plant based and I always look for restaurants when I travel  that serve great food.  I was planning a trip to Philly for my nephew's wedding. I found Nourish during my online search for vegan restaurants. My sister and  I ate there and loved it. The food was absolutely delicious. I had the scallops with sides of kale, ginger zucchini and curried plantains. My sister had the omelette and loved it. They also bake and a sweet potato pies was coming out of the oven when we arrived. It was excellent. I highly recommend Nourish Philly and I will return soon and often.Good food, but when I picked up, no workers were wearing masks. The other customers waiting had their masks pulled down. I was one of 2 people with a mask on. I prob won't return until after COVID settles down.Really goooood wholesome vegan food. Ordered the garden of life smoothie and the large portion of sides (mac n cheese, jerk styled protein, Alfredo beans, squash and zucchini).
Portion size was good and each had its own distinct flavor that could stand on its own. The jerk definitely had a kick so beware but it paired well with the Mac n cheese. 
The smoothie tasted great, pretty standard for a smoothie. 
I definitely want to try the mushroom sandwich next time, that seems to be a favorite.
Only side note to be aware of, I went during COVID and most of the staff were not wearing masks. About half had it on their face but not covering their mouth/nose and the other half didn't have it all. There was a large clear glass face covering between the register and ordering but still made me feel a little uncomfortable.Great tasting quality food short and simple. Customer service could be a little better though but it's nothing to not be expected now a days with inattentive teens working the registerI had that classic craving for a fried chicken sandwich. When you're blessed to live in a place like Philly you got an alternate vegan version of everything (or at least moving that direction) I mean obviously Philly is a great food city (I mean we're the greatest city on the planet - duh) but the vegan scene has been exponentially exploding over the past several years. Nourish originally opened on South St. but due to a fire (I think I heard or read somewhere) had to move which they then made a little further south to the Italian Market. I love how it's surrounded by the old meat market with dead animals hanging in the windows and stuff ... it's a good sign of things to come. A shift towards plant based eating in general worldwide but ANYway I digress. so of course due to COVID I just had to swing by and get takeout but the place was very cool and def had the chill vibe of a spot you'd want to hang out in with a friend or 2. I called ahead and ordered the sandwich as well as a side of greens and Mac & (not) cheese. I don't think it's always healthy to  need to label our diets as I'm this or I'm that but I always joke with people that depending on how you look at it I'm either a really good vegetarian or a pretty bad vegan. That being said I've obviously had plenty of "chicken" sandwiches over the years ... I can honestly say this was the BEST! 110% delicious!!! Big perfectly fried mushroom (instead of the usual soy substitute) lettuce tomato onion pickle & a nice herbal sauce. The greens were better than I was even expecting and the Mac was out of this world!! So yeah, needless to say I stopped by again for another sandwich next week. Both times my order was ready and the whole staff was super nice. They also have an array of prepackaged snacks and juices and desserts and such. In conclusion, I probably could of made this long story short in 2 words. HECK YAS! Go there now for some nourishment that's not just good for your belly but good for your Soul. Philly now has yet another spot for that chicken craving all of us get - even vegetarians and vegans! Oh yeah and it was only 10 bucks which is not too bad comparatively. It's always bothered me that it's usually always more expensive to eat healthy than to eat meat and processed 'food like products' but I think it will be worth it when one day all the Popeyes and KFC's and Crown and Church's are nowhere to be found and Nourish is still standing strong. It's certainly worth it right now for the collective mind body and soul of the City of Brotherly Love and Sisterly Affection.Drive from Glenside for a smoothie and chicken sandwich. Did not disappoint.  The smoothie was legit and full of what it says it will have.  All fruit and natural supplements.  Yummy and smooth.  The chicken sandwich was good.  The only thing I would have changed is to add more mayo, a dash of salt and some sweet pickles for that POP.  
I will be back for sure.  
Great spot.Service was good, hence the stars. The young man who got my order was very very nice. BUT no one wore masks. Not one employee .  And the mandate is back in effect. On to the food- smoothie was okay. "Philly Jawn"...definitely not for me. Maybe bc I eat meat and the picture looked good liked a cheesesteak but it tastes nothing like one although it tried to mimic the look. Not even comparing it to a cheesesteak and it still wasn't good imo. I have no idea what to even compare it to. Sorry.This place is the JAM!! 
I will say, I always order the divine dish with mac & cheese, sautéed kale, and the spicy butternut squash & mushrooms! And the dish lives up to its name... It is just divine! Also the sorrel is a must have, as it has the perfect balance of sweetness and the kick of fresh ginger in it. The staff is super friendly and inviting and the takeout is just as good as if you were dining in, which is a game changer for me cause most restaurant's takeout, especially during covid-19 has lacked care and flavor for me, but Nourish always hits the spot and i'm never disappointed. I love this place and I've never felt super compelled to leave a review until now!First time here and it definitely won't be the last!!!! My daughter and I loved the tasty food and the smoothies were so delicious! We had the jerk oxtail, Mac n cheese, kale and chick tacos! Everything was flavorful and very filling! The mango sea moss smoothie was delicious! We also had banana walnut bread which was moist and delicious as well! I've eaten lots of vegan meals and baked goods that weren't too tasty... but Nourish's food and service is A+... can't wait to try more on the menu! TySo I really liked this place, but customer service will take you far and being truthful. Nobody likes a liar nor do they like a lying business. I wanted to support black business and ‍. Months ago I ordered for pickup. This time I ordered for delivery. It's hot out and my daughter and I were hungry. I put my order in through grub hub. According to the app it was confirmed it even showed they were getting my order together and finally it showed my order had gone out. I was charged immediately after ordering. My order was supposed to get to me between 5:50pm and 6pm as you can see in the order picture. I'll admit I got a little busy and didn't call the restaurant right away after 6. It wasn't till a hungry 10 year old came looking for the food that I realized. By then it was 6:35pm. A female answered, she asked for the name on the order, at first she claimed they didn't receive my order. She told me they'd start making my order right away and will have it out to me ASAP. Boom at this moment I knew I was being lied to, she never asked me what I ordered. How could you know what I ordered if you never got it. This leaves the lie to be one or the other or even both, 1. You received my order 2. you had no intention on delivering me anything or 3. Both. Sad I had to call grub hub at 7:30 pm and request a refund. They contacted the restaurant that again claimed they didn't get my order. Grubhub canceled the order and issued me a refund. I would of rather to be told the restaurant wasn't going to do my order than to be left in limbo. I have a child to feed. Maybe because this is my first time ordering through grub hub that this has happened to me, maybe it's because it happened to be a black business, I'm just really pissed. Guess I'll be making my own curry plantains.I'm freakin out over here over a Nori kale wrap. That never happens. This place is entirely delicious. I kinda don't even care what I order because it's all good. I feel amazing from their juices and smoothies. I used to be the chef at a vegan cafe in NYC and Nourish SMOKES our old menu. I haven't even checked if it's organic and gmo free. I hope for the best and I'm happy they have stayed open to deliver during this apocalypse.I was excited to try this spot after seeing a video review from JL Jupiter, the food looked good and healthy vegan love! It was pretty busy when I arrived so that was a good sign. I ordered the fried chickun sandwich and fried mushrooms that comes with a dipping sauce and it took about 20 minutes to finish.
 I can say the presentation was nice, the ingredients were fresh. I wasn't really feeling the chickun sandwich as it lacked flavor, no salt and didn't taste like chicken. I really just tasted the lettuce, tomato and onion with something fried but no flavor. The fried mushrooms were crunchy but lacked flavor as well dipping sauce was needed. I ordered the hibiscus drink which was good and the best thing I ordered.
I'll maybe return to try the cheesesteak and some other items but sadly I won't order those items again.JUST WOW.  Soo good.  To get vegan food this good and this cozy is not common.  
I ordered the fried mushrooms that came with mac and cheese and greens.  The greens were super flavored. But complimented the mac and cheese and mushrooms.  The Mushroom "chick'n" was perfect... it was just delicious fried goodness.  SOOO GOOD.  
We also tried the faux filly cheese steak and it was phenomenal as well.  Not sure what gluten nuggets are but it was good.  Peppers and onions decorated this goodness.  
I hope I can get back to this place!!! I want to try more!I order the "fried chicken" platter with kale and Mac and cheese to go and it was so good! I was worried the fried part of the dish was going to get soggy on my walk back but it totally held up and was amazingly cooked. 
I really love that this place has different types of vegetarian dishes to choose from and the combinations are really creative. Retrospectively I wish I would have ordered a smoothie as well because they look delicious.Great food and natural juices . Fast service as well as friendly. Be sure to try the seamoss drinks too !!Finally made it to South Street Philly, which is a hip neighborhood with all kinds of cool shops. Found this cute  little corner plant based cafe and juice bar. I got the Maca Punch superfood smoothie and it was amazing. Cool little spot for healthy food and good Caribbean sounds.I had my 1st visit today. Me and my partner shared the small platter in which you can choose 3 items. We went with vegan oxtails, quinoa and peas, and curried plantains, and we got the lettuce wraps as a side. It could be our particular taste buds, but both my guy and I felt the food was just okay. We prefer more flavorful dishes and we felt that the taste fell a bit short. We tried doctoring it up with the hot sauce that was on the countertop. It helped, but not enough for our liking. I may go back and try the vegan chicken sandwich one day, since I've read reviews that it's tasty. I am really hoping that we like it.Literally one of the best vegan spots I've been to. Flavorful authentic food, amazing smoothies and juices and a great vibe ;)Very good smoothies/ juices but quite expensive 
The service was pretty slow and they were not polite or friendly, looked bored! 
It it a pity that I have to say all thisI love this hidden gem..food is delicious and the staff and owner is very nice and plus very good vibes in thereSO GOOD. Literally sparked memories of my childhood with their vegan chicken sandwich. Already planning our next trip back, can't wait to try everything!!Great atmosphere!!! I loved it from the moment I stepped in ... I'm am not vegan nor vegetarian but the food I ordered was absolutely amazing and I would definitely try something else on the menu because of it. I definitely say try the chick'n cheesesteak it was bomb !!!I loved the vegan friend chick-un sandwich! I was surprised it tasted so similar! I'm not even a vegan and rarely like vegan food. The staff was SUPER FRIENDLY! They really give BOB's a good name! Cannot wait to go back! I'm taking my family next time!Decided to give this place a try. It's black owned. I ordered through Grubhub and picked up in store. It took about 25 minutes to be done, the drinks were the last thing made. My friend and I split both trays, so we could have a taste of everything. I really liked the divine large meal. Everything was seasoned nicely in that platter. The curry plantains were my favorite out of everything. I liked the chickun, but the kale and Mac & cheese lacked flavor. The kale was crunchy and it was my least favorite out of the two dishes. My pineapple mango sea moss smoothie was good. Prices were to be expected with vegan food. Portions were plenty, I took the rest with me to work the next day. I'd come again. It would be great if you could order sides alone. The curry plantains were really my thing I could probably eat a platter of those alone.Ordered food from them yesterday through grubhub and it was never delivered.  We called them and they had not told grubhub the order was ready ... so grubhub never knew to pick it up and bring it to us.  They were super rude on the phone, too.This place is amazing! The friend chick-in sandwich was amazing! The jerk and teriyaki chickun was amazing. The kale was so good I forgot it was kale! The sweet potatoes were to die for! Overall an amazing experience! A must try if you are vegan in philly!Felt kind of out of place when I walked in, like I was in Jamaica or Cameroon; But I felt like having something healthier and the rice & teriyaki bowl sounded about right...One of the best restaurants in this city EVER. I'm not even exaggerating. If you love vegan food, culture, great music, vibes and just wanting to have a great time in the city, this place is where you wanna be. Honestly, it's so addicting with their menu that, not only do they serve breakfast all day, but, they have a variety of other options that'll keep you coming back for more!Best Plant Based food in Philly the Owner is Welcoming and kind and her staff is professional...Never had a bad experience..Forgot to mention the food is AmazingWOW.. my partner and I stumbled upon this place after seeing the magic gardens and it was incredible the flavors were insane!! We got the breakfast burrito and a dessert and I'm amazed and all the flavor that was packed into a breakfast burrito. Everything cooked perfectly it was absolutely delicious! The place is very clean and has a comfortable vibe to it. The staff is so sweet and helpful!My fave vegan spot in Philly hands down. I love their fried chickun sandwich. It's big, tasty and satisfying.We don't live close to the city so coming here is a special treat. We love this place so much. Their food is so delicious. You literally can't leave here hungry. The staff is so friendly. Their new location is beautiful inside!Tried their vegan steak, egg, and cheese hoagie today and it was one of the best vegan breakfast sandwiches I've ever had! We also tried their amazing smoothies. Can't wait to try more of their menu. Would definitely recommend!Finally stopped in after days of passing by on dog walks. We had the breakfast burrito and the steak and egg and the cure juice. It was all delicious and the portions were very generous. I especially loved the steak and egg. Their customer service is excellent as well. Don't miss this new vegan gem!Tried the chick'un sandwich and the shine juice. I loved both but the sandwich is the highlight here! Its huge and delicious! I'm not a fan of mushrooms other than enoki so I'm glad this sandwich was made from them! The vegetables were fresh and crisp as well. Definitely worth a stop for any one (vegan of not) who likes delicious food! Order ahead though to save time.Delicious! Great service. Perfect music. Love this spot. The vegan breakfasts are inventive and delicious. Gluten free vegan cake hit the spot.I've never left a yelp review before, but this place is worth making an account. Up until about 8:30pm today, I was having a terrible day. When I took my first bite of the vegan fried chicken platter, all that changed. This is one of the most delicious meals I've ever had in my life. Generous portion, too. Thank you, Nourish Cafe, for literally saving my day.Pretty sad about my experience today with this restaurant. My husband and I were excited to try a place with vegan options. We always check when we are traveling. I ordered door dash around 2:00pm and when it arrived only half of our meal was there. I called the restaurant they said they only saw half the ticket but could see it all if they opened the app all the way. They told me they would send their own driver to deliver the rest of our food. This was 3:16 when she told me 20 minutes on the phone. It's now 4:30. I don't believe it's coming at this point. I am completely over it. We have been waiting around for the rest of my food holding up our last day in Philly.Best vegan breakfast sandwich I've ever had! I love "The cure " juice, so fresh they make it when you order it. Only con is wait time, if they're busy everything can take so long. I like to call ahead to order so they can get started before I arrive!!Best vegan chicken sandwich ever! Like ever ever! Don't casually stroll here, run to your destiny of delicious vegan food. First, the sandwich is huge--you could split it in half and still be full. Second, the flavor is insane. That's all you need to know.AMAZING vegan food! Hands down. GREAT! My husband and I Loved every single bite. We ordered three things are were FULL. Wish our bellies had more room to try everything. Hope they have more GF options in the future but my husband loved all the gluten options and I enjoyed the raw wrap.My new FAVORITE vegan spot in Philly! For those that think plant based food has to lack flavor, Nourish changes the game. I love their Mango, pineapple,  seamoss smoothie and their chickpea omelet.  It's amazing. We also buy their jugs of gel Seamoss which I've never seen anywhere in my travels worldwide. Sara is a sweetheart and I love to support our local businesses.  It's clean, has amazing food, and great health products to choose from. LOVE NOURISH!!!Since I'm vegan and would love to support local vegan/plant based businesses, I'd like to get food from here but the staff doesn't wear masks. That is not just against current guidelines and regulations, but also extremely unsafe.
I'm looking to bring home takeout, not a virus.Great smoothie and good vegan food at Nourish. The menu is creative with tasty options and well priced. I enjoyed my Strawberry Mango Seamoss smoothie with Quinoa. It was so good--I want another! The "chick un platter" I got was pretty good and a good rendition to its  traditional southern platter of chicken, mac n cheese, and greens. I was told the "chick un cheese steak" was very tasty also.West Coast LA approved given that we are flooded with amazing modern vegan spots in all corners of LA . The Chikn sandwich slaps , when i come to visit Philly this the place i like to get at least once before i leave . The alkaline smoothies are also healthy & so tasty but the prices are out of pocket if im being honest like this is that once a month take out choice if id live near by.Great new addition to the Italian Market.  Smoothies, vegan entrees - my favorite so far is the fried "chick-un" sandwich.  Hard to try anything else since that is so delicious.This is a review well overdue. I've order Nourish Through UberEats on a few Occasions, and I was pleasantly surprised. Tasty Vegan food with so much flavor & richness. Here are a few dishes I've had the pleasure to enjoy... 
Vegan Fried Chicken Platter- Which consist of Enoki mushrooms battered and fried with vegan mac and cheese and sauteed kale. I give this dish 3 Stars. Enoki Mushroom battered & fried perfectly. It has a good crunch & texture. Vegan Mac & Cheese was simply delicious !! I was disappointed with the Sauteed Kale, It was TOO SALTY !! I found it to be inedible, Which is why I gave it an average rating. 
It's Tradition Pizza - This delicious Pizza consist of a nice Multi-grain crust with marinara sauce, red onion, green peppers, and vegan sausage with vegan cheese. This Pizza is one of my Favorites !!! My only critique would be the Vegan cheese. Vegan cheese tends to have a unique taste which is not bad, but I don't care for a lot of it. If I were to order this Pizza again, I would request Light amount of cheese. Hand's down 4.5 Stars. 
Philly Jawn Sandwich - A Cheesesteak that is plant base gluten steak, with onions, & peppers on a  whole wheat roll. Tasted so good, the roll was soft & it had a little spice to it, but good nevertheless. I prefer it with no Vegan Mayonnaise with light Vegan cheese. I give it a Solid 4 stars !! 
Nourish Is a Vegan Restaurant that I would recommend to those who want Tasty, Flavorful Vegan food at a reasonable price...The vegan mac and cheese is AMAZING and so is the maca punch smoothie ($7). I thought the ox tail just tasted like tofu but the rest was very good. The service was kind of slow so I wouldn't recommend going if you are in a rush. The wrap was $12 and you get to choose 3 dishes to go inside, so I chose mac and cheese, ox tail, and plantains. I would recommend just getting these on a normal plate without the wrap. They're better separate! The staff was very nice though and the interior of the restaurant is modern and cute!Awesome had the unchicken sandwich, sweet potato fries and the strawberry shortcake and it was all delicious!! Definitely have to try the unchicken sandwich!This place is A+++. The food is top notch, pure quality every time. And the staff is so kind. Uber eats never showed up with my order and basically chalked it up to a loss. I called the restaurant and the owner made sure my food was remade and she personally delivered it to my door. If that's not the best service, I'm not sure what is. Be sure to check them out...you won't be disappointedI would have LOVED to give this place 5 stars, but we couldn't taste the food because it is CLOSED due to a fire, which apparently happened on September 12, 2020, according to the Inquirer! Wish the website was updated to reflect such, instead of me driving an hour and a half from north Jersey - just to taste their delicious looking food - only to arrive to boarded up windows and a torn sign! Most annoyed! When they reopen, I will update my review. My heart goes out to the owners who are living this traumatic experience of destruction.Wow. We got the Vegan Meatball sub and the veggie and sausage pizza, as well as the soursop seamoss juice and the sweet potato brownie. These were all memorably excellent. I'm still thinking about that meatball sub. Definitely go here.The lady behind the counter was super friendly, smiling, and helpful with the menu. It was my first time there and as a gluten-free vegan, I was able to find something to eat. I ordered the raw roll and it was full of flavor. I thought it was going to be bland since most healthy dishes tend to be but boy I was wrong. There was a group of ladies who were there for the first time and we had a lovely chat. I highly recommend you visit even if you are not a vegan. I can't wait to come back when I'm in the area. Support this business!I've only tried the avocado toast, the strawberry quinoa smoothie and one of their juices but all of it was super fresh and good I'll be back!Let's get into this review...while, the vegan cheesesteak was good, the vegan fried chicken meal left much to be desired ...although, the chicken was crunchy on the outside, I was disappointed to discover that the inside was stringy. I guess that's intentional to imitate a fried chicken breast. As for the kale and mac & cheese, they both lacked seasoning. I'd give them 3.5 stars. Glad that I finally tried their food.We tried this spot and was not disappointed. We got the chicken sandwich and this was my first time trying vegan chicken. Honestly if I was blindfolded I wouldn't tell the difference. The texture wasn't as chicken and meaty as chicken, more chewy but not bad at all. I would love to try again. When I ordered and had food brought to me the time to get to me could be the reason my bread was soggy but it's not going to deter me from eating here again. The chicken was a tad spicy but I'm not a big spicy fan. If you like a little kick please give it a try!One of my most go to stops when I'm in Philly. The chicken platter and chicken sandwich are to die for. Thanks for preparing and feeding my soul. Please go support!Randomly found this place, great vegan philly and smoothies (we recommend the green dream).I met up with a friend who I haven't seen in a long time. We both ordered the seamoss smoothie, and sat and chat for a bit. The smoothies were great, and I'm not a huge fan of seamoss given that it still tastes like ocean water to me but it was really good and you don't taste the seamoss at all (for those of us who struggle with seamoss flavor) . Before we decided to leave we ended up ordering food  we both got the vegan fried chicken platter with greens and mac n cheese, and 2 additional smoothies to go. We were quoted on about a 20min wait time which was fine as we were still talking. It took almost 40min to get the food we ordered to go, the young lady felt really bad so she offered us the smoothies for free I ended up trying the maca root smoothie, a little thick for my liking but flavors were still good. I really like the fried oyster mushroom but was really disappointed in the greens and Mac n cheese. Then again I don't think I've ever had vegan Mac n cheese that tasted good. But the greens fell really flat for me. I'd definitely go back  for the smoothies and to try something else from the food menu, but I'd avoid the Mac and greens.Food isnt that good and is poorly put together. The pizza was soggy and falling apart trying to pick up a slice. Couldn't even finish it. Definitely not worth the price.Best Vegan Spot in the City Hands down the Owner is a Sweetheart and is all about her customers and your experience there!Very friendly staff! Sydney is very sweet. We ordered three subs and fried mushrooms. The fried mushrooms were absolutely amazing! The Philly chicken and the Philly cheesesteak subs were very good and they were huge! My daughter ordered a meatball sub. It was good but she'd likely try something different next time. We also ordered 2 cinnamon rolls to take with us and they were delicious!The smoothies are great when they are well made by someone who cares (and knows how to make them) but they can be really bad if not. I once had a smoothie that definitely had vegetables/fruits that had gone bad (it tasted odd and I got sick) and the latest smoothie I had was not edible (I didn't force myself to eat it because I didn't want to get sick again). Hopefully there can be more consistency in the smoothies in the future but I don't think I want to waste my money again in the near future.Found Nourish after a youtube video by JL Jupiter. It's nestled in the Italian market. The other 'Nourish Philly' from Google Maps is a nutritionist on Passyunk. 
There was indoor dining during my March 2021 visit, but I ordered for takeout. Staff and patrons were wearing masks throughout except at tables which was good. 
My Philly cheesesteak with what looks like seitan and vegan cheese was huge ($12). The only downside was the extreme saltiness. I couldn't eat the whole thing in one go. (Pro-tip: toast it in an air fryer!) Next time, I'll request it with less cheese to hopefully cut down on the sodium. 
Also I was eyeing their carrot cakes slices on the counter.. next time!I had the breakfast burrito and it was delicious. Overall great food and very kind people. 10/10 Definitely will be coming back when I'm in Philly again!Everything I've gotten from here is incredible. Great quality food with creative ideas. Easily the best vegan fried chicken sandwich in town! Also the owner and service is always delightful. Highly recommend you come try anything on this delicious menuStopped by here tonight after walking by and hearing good things from friends. The service was fast and friendly and the food was delicious. The shop is in a great location and everything on the menu is clearly labeled. I had the chick'un sandwich and my friend had the vegan Jawn. Both were delicious! The vegan jawn was a little spicy for me, but I am also very sensitive to spice. The chick'un sandwich was awesome. I love that they use mushroom instead of the usual seitan. It adds a really interesting texture to the sand which and the breading was super crispy. The sauce it came with was great and so was the bun. We also both had really refreshing juices as well. I had the joint juice and would definitely order it again. I can't wait to come back and try some of the breakfast items! I love that they serve breakfast all day. I also love supporting local women-owned business. I hope this place continues to do well and think it will be a great addition to the growing vegan scene!Went to Nourish for first time last night. Had the "Scallops" as appetizer  and choose combo of jerk seitan , Mac and cheese and butternut squash with mushrooms as the main course. Portions are large and reasonably priced. More important, this is amongst the best vegan meals I've had in Philadelphia. This restaurant is an incredible addition and I will be returning many times. Highly recommended.Excellent and great service. Will definitely be back. Thank you Nourish for your healthy food.High quality Sea Moss Gel and even better customer service. My order was recently lost in the mail by the carrier and she personally dropped off a jar to my door. Same day. Highly recommended.Delicious vegan restaurant on south street and they serve breakfast all day!! It's so nice to find a vegan restaurant that has a soy free menu. All the dishes have a variety of veggies and plant based "meat" also a wide variety of juice and smoothies with sea moss in them. Everything I've tried has been out of this world. Definitely worth checking out even if you're not vegan.I ordered the Vegan Fried Chick'un Platter, and it came with vegan mac n' cheese and kale. I also ordered the Nourish juice. It was amazing. The Fried Chick'un was a fried enoki mushroom, and could've fooled a carnivore. It was well spiced, and tasted like chicken. It was however a tad salty, but balanced with the mac n' cheese and kale - it was delicious. 
Now the Nourish juice. I will have to preface, to keep an open mind... especially if you don't like eating beets. I was expecting it to taste earthy, but the apple in it masked the taste and it was palatable. 
The portions were more than enough for 1 person. This was my last meal of 2021, and I'd just like to rave about the mac n' cheese. No I'm not dying, it's just the past 2 years felt like the world was ending ergo any meal I have could be my last. 
But how good was this mac n' cheese?! I currently have some left over from yesterday, and have hidden it in the fridge because I don't want my sister to eat it while she nurses a hangover today. That's how good it is. Definitely recommend this place, and will be back to try other menu items!I follow JL Jupiter a foodie blogger who visited Nourish. His video featured the un chicken sandwich made from a mushroom and the philly Jean cheese steak. I'm vegetarian and always looking for a good  vegan restaurant. I visited Nourish on a Sunday do to lighter traffic on the world famous South Street. There was parking available on the street. I ordered my food along with a smoothie with sea moss. The wait was a bit long because the food is delicious. I really enjoyed the un chicken sandwich and the philly jaws cheese steak. The smoothie was good but I need to get use to sea moss. It has a strong taste. I have visited 3x and every time the food is delicious. 
The owner is so nice. She is extremely busy but always speaks and remembers me. They also sell fresh squeezed juices and health products. They sell ice cream along with baked goods. I've tried a few baked goods and they are good especially the home made cinnamon buns. They can't keep them in stock. 
The establishment is small. They have a few tables outside because of COVID.  There was no eating inside when I visited but u can wait inside. I can't wait to visit again.Vegan comfort food, fresh juice/smoothies.
Got the chick'un cheesteak, which is their popular fried vegan chicken on a roll with vegan cheese, onions, peppers, and ketchup. 
It's not "healthy", but it was satisfying and hit the spot for a fried chicken sandwich. Very crispy and crunchy crust on the chick'un, likely double fried, but not greasy.  And huge--I could only eat half with a juice. 
I'm curious to come back, but not often as it's a little expensive in my opinion. A juice was $7.
The place is very nice, atmospher-wise. We appreciated the outdoor dining option, which also felt cozy.UMMM...YES. 
I went here for the first time today and I was blown away!!! The food is absolutely delicious. Flavorful, NOT boring, interesting and the meat "substitutes" were phenomenal! I had the "scallops" (literally made from mushrooms but the same texture as a real scallop) and the fried chicken platter. The "chicken" was phenomenal I could not get over how it shredded like real chicken. The mac and cheese was good and sautéed kale also good. I literally cannot wait to go back and try more. Thank you Nourish!!!