I haven't even gotten home yet and I'm writing this review. That's how good our experience was! We decided on Ocean Prime at the last minute and didn't have reservations for a Friday night. The hostess found us a table for five despite a packed house. Our server Jadyn was fantastic, super attentive and friendly. We were celebrating my dad's birthday and he said the wedge salad and carrot cake were the best he's had. He also raved about the pork dish. I had the blackened snapper and it was TO DIE FOR. White chocolate key lime tart was also really good. We will no doubt be back again.The food is great here, however the host staff at the front (in particular a woman with dyed red hair and accentuated eyeliner) however,leaves much to be desired. Despite having a completely empty restaurant at 5:30pm they refused to sit me while my husband parked our car at our building. Very poor service and a nonsensical rule (especially when we were a party of two and nobody was in the dining room).Great happy hour! Great selection of 4.00 bottled beers.  7.00 wines and mixed drink specials.  The Calamari is killer at 7.00 as well.  Beautiful inside and friendly staff.  This is my new go to placeHad a wonderful dinner at Ocean Prime to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday this past weekend. We had chosen the location because we were seeing a show at the Academy of Music nearby. During our meal, every single member of the staff that we interacted with was extremely friendly. They knew it was a special occasion and made it feel as such. One member of the staff approached us for a photograph and a printed copy was given to us as a keepsake for the evening. We thought that was a very nice touch.
As for the food and drinks, everything was exceptional. I was surprised by the number of reasonably-priced bottles of wine available. We started with the shrimp cocktail, which included 4 very large shrimp (a good-sized portion compared to some other fine-dining establishments in the area). The presentation on the shrimp cocktail was very unique as the shrimp were placed in a bowl of cocktail sauce that had dry ice underneath to give a very cool, smoky effect. Our entrees were fantastic as well. I had the scallops, which were cooked perfectly and were larger than expected. My girlfriend claimed that the salmon was "perhaps the best she's ever had". We shared the chocolate cake to complete our meal. Again, the presentation was very nice as the kitchen wrote a nice little birthday message in chocolate on the plate.
In conclusion, we had a fantastic meal from start to finish. We would absolutely come back again and have already recommended the restaurant to friends and family.This is not my typical restaurant choice as a vegetarian that doesn't eat fish and seafood but I dined here for a family member's birthday. 
The restaurant is very upscale with high ceilings and partial upper level.  The padded rounded booth provided extremely comfortable seating. The ambiance was very nice and while fancy, felt cozy.
I had the house salad that was a very generous size and very good. My sides of Brussel sprouts and truffle mac and cheese were tasty as well.  Others chose the surf and turf special which is being offered on Sundays. They thought the filet was extremely good. Dessert choices included creme brûlée and carrot cake.  The carrot cake was delicious!
Service was excellent from the time we were seated to the time we paid.  Someone was always filling your water glass. Timing of food from the kitchen was excellent too.Yes, it's a chain, but...
Apparently the corporate office allows a lot of leeway to the executive chefs and management.  It doesn't feel like a chain, only if you know exactly what to look for.
Food is great, had oysters and a shellfish cobb salad, which I could probably eat twice a week for months on end.
Service was very good.  Friendly, fast, good attention to detail in busing/re-setting the table, very professional.  One suggestion (and this is not a criticism, just hoping to improve your fine establishment):  Better bar training of the waitstaff.  I'm particular about my Martinis.  I'd like to know the full selection of gins, our server wasn't familiar with them.  I was very specific in requesting it stirred (I asked twice) and to have our server come to the table and aggressively shake it before pouring it out was disappointing.  Younger people don't necessarily have a lot of familiarity with cocktails, I know, but this is important, and it's a relatively easy way to improve the dining experience.
So, great atmosphere, solid menu, excellent execution, professional staff (hat tip to G.M. Frank Hamm, who stopped by every table, chatted with us about chains with great candor, greeted us on the way in and got our coats on the way out.  That's a hands on G.M.!)I went for restaurant week lunch last week with two friends, and we enjoyed wonderful service and a great meal. We made a reservation, and even though we were a little late, they sat us right away. Our server was so attentive and friendly and the bussing staff was on their game! As soon as we finished something, the plate was cleared or our water was refilled. For restaurant week, they obviously had a set three course menu, but our server told us we could look at the regular menu and make small substitutions if we wanted. I ended up ordering straight off the restaurant week menu and was not disappointed. I split the crab cake sandwich and the salmon with a friend. They were both delicious! The crab cake was so crabby (ha!) and the salmon glaze was to die for. The inside of the restaurant is so spacious and the decor is fitting for a seafood restaurant. I really enjoyed my whole experience!By far one of the best restaurants in the city. Inside the restaurant is beautifully decorated with hardwood throughout. The bar is the focal point list rows and rows of any type of alcohol you could think of. We were celebrating our anniversary and they were able to provide us with a large booth for the two of us and served us complimentary champagne. These two little gestures really made the experience memorable. The food was also absolutely amazing. We ordered both fish and steak and they were cooked just right with so much flavor. I will certainly be back here again!After now reading the other reviews, maybe Karma was not on my side when I was there. The service was horrific. We waited 10 minutes at the table before our server came and that was after he asked for her. The food was mediocre, other than the shrimp cocktail which was superb. My lobster tail was undercooked and the salad was small. The price of the wine is outrageous! I understand doubling bottle prices, but there's are tripled. A glass of La Crema Russian River Vallet was $29.00 a glass at the bar.  Really?? Opus One maybe... Very disappointed.Good food but $12.50 for a Jack Daniels? Are you kidding me? Way overpriced for just because reasons.  No excuse for that.Yum Yum Yum! The food was delicious, especially the lobster bisque. The drinks also looked cool, I will definitely be back!First time here during restaurant week. The service was great! It was a friend's birthday so they gave us a complementary baked alaskan, which was unexpected and VERY kind of them. The calamari was excellent. Otherwise, I cant say too much about the food off of the restaurant week menu. For restaurant week, I got a salad, crab, cake, and carrot cake (6 layers!!) To be honest, the crab cake was good but not anything too amazing. I wouldn't mind going off the menu next time. I also got a pear cocktail- refreshing and not too strong.Mine and my friends favorite steakhouse. We been dining here since they opened in 2014 and have never had a subpar meal. Also a must try Is the truffle Mac and the black orchid.OMG!!!' Best service best food and just seriously everything to the best there is :D 
Even fixed a none alcoholic beer for this poor foreign boy :D
Honestly best night of my vacation so far 
A++ 
It's a shame not to have gone hereI had never even turned my head when walking past Ocean Prime, so I was impressed upon my first view of the dramatic space and lighting. We settled in easily and ordered a round of drinks and food. The Lobster Bisque was quite heavy. It was nice that there were chunks of lobster, but I would have preferred more and bigger pieces. The Chilean Sea Bass was not as flavorful as I would have liked. I have to say that the steaks at other people's tables looked great and we regretted not ordering beyond the seafood menu.
In the course of the evening, a bug flew into my glass of Pinot Grigio. The waiter swiftly and apologetically replaced my glass and the manager came to check on our table. Then another bug flew into my new glass of wine, and the waiter kindly let me switch to a different wine (which managed to stay bug free for the rest of the evening), which the manager delivered. I was a little disappointed that the $11 wine was not comped, especially after two interactions with the manager in a 10 minute period.great service, excellent food, and a great atmosphere. one of the best Tuna Steaks I've had!We went with a group of 10 for Restaurant Week , but had to split up and sit at two tables right next to each other. 
They were very accommodating . Service was great(Patricia was very nice )  ... the place is beautiful and the meal was delish ! Do not miss the calamari appetizer and the carrot cake to finish off your meal- scrumptious!I ate at this restaurant for restaurant week. I had lettuce wedge salad. It was delicious. For the 2nd course, I had the filet mignon, mashed potatoes, and green beans. The filet was medium well and cut just like butter. The meal was great. I don't eat ice cream, but I tasted it. I can't remember the flavor, but I would definitely order it again.Walked in sat for half an hour and was never served. The hostess thought that we wanted a booth but we had never asked for one to begin with. Left and the manager begged us to stay.Best steak in the area! They make it so flavorful and tender, it doesn't even need a sauce. They also gave excellent goat cheese ravioli. The tuna tartare is really good too, and has some unique flavors in it.I never leave reviews unless the service was extremely good or extremely bad. And unfortunately this place was extremely bad, sorry to say. The food was good. Nothing to brag about and tell a friend to go too. But my waiter who was very nice and attentive gentleman charge me twice on my card!!!! Now this place is already a bit pricey but to later on find out that I was not over charged but double charged!!! Ruined my experience and I will not be going back to this place.Made reservations two weeks ago for a party of 8-9 in celebration of my 35th birthday, however, someone goofed and there were NO reservations under my name nor number. This is what I found out when I called to confirm, but the hostess (I apologize I can't remember his name) was apologetic, accommodating, and we didn't have a wait. 
The ambiance of any restaurant sets the stage - this is where it all begins. The ambiance was great, perfect for any occasion, first date, gatherings, or celebrations.  
Our waiter - Michael, phenomenal and attentive. 
The food mmmmm delicious!! You MUST try the calamari, best I've ever tasted. I had the lamb chops, spinach, and lobster mac & cheese,  scrumptious! The sides are enough for 2 people. My only recommendation is that the restaurant add sweet potatoes (rather it's baked, mashed, or casseroled) this is a MUST have when you want to enjoy a steak. 
Dress casual and comfortable. The valet is $22 (must be paid upon arrival) 
I can't leave this review without thanking Trish also, she was such a big help!! 
Ocean Prime thank you for my complementary birthday cake - no words can describe how good it tasted.We waited almost an hour on a busy weekend night even though we had a reservation.   Bread was a nice warm sourdough that was crispy outside and soft inside.  Our salads both had wilted lettuce.  My filet was fine, but not that hot and not worth $40 a la carte without even a piece of greenery on the plate for decoration.  My husband's steak had to be sent back twice because it was cooked to the wrong temperature.  The sides are decent, not fantastic.  Desserts were very good.  
The service was chaotic and way below polished. What, no freshly ground pepper for my salad?  There wasn't much control over the timing of the dishes being served, so the kitchen was likely to blame as well.  They did remove some of the charges, as they should have-they also forgot to bring our second bottle of wine and several of the side dishes.  What a mess.  If you want to spend this much money at a steakhouse, there are way better choices.Had a great meal here on NYE with my parents. Everyone welcomed us into the restaurant and service was superb through the entire meal. One of the waiters recommended a bottle of Pinot noir and it was one of the best reds I've had. Every plate of food was delicious. We had the crab cake and house salad for appetizers, king salmon, butter fish special, and shellfish Cobb salad. Finally had the blueberry lemon cheesecake for dessert, which was awesome. Not too sweet at all and the cheesecake was nice and creamy. 
Can't wait to come back and try their steaks!!I went for dinner on 12/14/17. The food was good as usual I order the 8oz fillet and my friend ordered the crab cakes. Our sides were garlic mashed potatoes and creamed spinach... every thing was great! The service was impeccable!!! My server was Steven, he is amazing!!! Both managers were very attentive to what we needed. I visit this place often.Had cocktails and dined with a friend on Tuesday night 1/14/14. It was lively at the bar and in the restaurant. 30 to 40 something crowd dressed well. Sports on the TV at both ends of the bar and light pop/rock music faintly in the background. 
Food was fantastic and service was very good. Had the Kansas City Strip cook medium which was excellent and flavorful.Amazing service and even better food.  The seafood here is always amazing, but what is really incredible is how fantastic the steaks are too.  Just perfection.I've been to the Ocean Prime a few times for all different occasions: happy hour at the bar, intimate dinners and private events. Each experiences has been so exceptional I can't fault them for a single thing and had such a great experience there last night I had to express it here. Their food, service and staff have always been awonderful and the space is so beautiful. It's one of my favorite steak houses in the city and I look forward to going back.Currently, this restaurant ranks as #1 in my book as the best steakhouse in the city! 
The drinks were fantastic, the appetizers were delicious, but the best part was the amazing Ribeye steak! It was cooked to perfection, juicy, and full of flavor.
Can't wait to go back again.Absolutely love this place! Service was impeccable, food delicious, and my bill.. well that wasn't the best LOL but it was all worth it.My second time here and wow did this last experience blow me away. Came here for me and my boyfriends anniversary, and not only did they cater to our special occasion (rose petals on the table, 2 glasses of house champagne and a yummy dessert) our server Mike was very impressive and gave us great suggestions on what to order. I hate comparing steak houses since they're all good in their own way, BUT something about Ocean Primes steaks were cooked just perfectly, juicy on the inside with that perfect char on the outside! Pair it with some bernaise or black truffle butter and the flavors are just amazing. Highly suggest getting the berries & bubbles as a drink and jalapeño au gratin as a side, even the house salad was delicious! Thanks for the great memories! Can't wait to come back again and try some other entrees & sides!CHUM BUCKET!!! For starters, why would you be able to place a reservation for 9pm when they close at 9pm? They have a 10 minute grace period, but even if you're waiting at the hostess table for 5+ minutes waiting to be seen, you will still get turned away if it's after 9pm. It was my boyfriend's birthday and they made us feel like the smallest most insignificant people on earth, with no remorse! They do not value their patrons at this establishment and totally have a cocky attitude about it too.  It smelled like a dirty clam in there anyway.This review is for the bar. Awesome happy hour menu, great drinks, and thoughtful staff. Nice building and decor as well. Less crazy/crowded than some of the other happy hour spots in the neighborhood.Great food and phenomenal staff. From the tuna appetizer to the crab cakes to the seared sea bass- great flavor and presentation. We are visiting from out of town and asked about a good place to get Phily Cheese Steaks and they ordered them for us from a nearby restaurant. Totally above and beyond! We'll be back!Great food and great atmosphere. It's everything you can ask for in a steak and seafood restaurant. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 5 is because right up the street at Devons is just as delicious, just as great of atmosphere and a little less expensive. Devons also has a superior crab cake if that matters to ya. All and all though ocean prime is absolutely delicious, plus they have much cooler cocktails and the interior in more modern. All personal preference, but I gotta give mine to Devons. If I could give an 4.8 star I would.I was here for NYE 2014. Everything was great. I had the best steak of my life, I had the 10 oz filet mignon. That was too much steak to finish, but every bite was delicious. I also had a specialty cucumber cocktail that was fresh and perfectly balanced. I will come back when I return to Philly.I had my fiancée's surprise birthday dinner here on Saturday and everything was awesome from the moment we walked in until we left for the night. It was a party of 10 and we dined in the Fairmount Room. Loved the ambiance and I'm glad we were in a private room because it was a bit noisy in the main dining area, given that it was a Saturday night. 
The drinks were very good- definitely strong enough to have you buzzed during dinner. I had the cucumber gimlet (delicious) and berries & bubbles (the drink itself was very pretty but I would recommend the cucumber gimlet for taste).
My fiancée had the 10 oz filet mignon with an extra lobster tail for an additional $23. The lobster tail was cooked to perfection. I had the ahi tuna tartare and surf and turf(both were very delicious appetizers and enough to fill you up).
Our server- Rob- was very attentive and with a party of 10 people, he remembered everyone's orders without having to write down anything (and we ordered a hell of a lot). We were all very much feeling our drinks and asked Rob lots of questions which I'm sure he had to repeat over and over but his service was impeccable. 
And when the bill came out, I was shocked to see that it was much less than what I thought it would be, especially because of how many drinks and food we ordered. 
The only thing I did not like was the upstairs bar- $41 for a double shot of grey goose and a glass of Riesling?! Ehhh.I had dinner here during restaurant week and it was perfect. The restaurant itself is beautiful. The noise level was good and it was possible to have a quiet conversation at the table. The dining room is very comfortable and does not feel cramped at all. The food was very good and we enjoyed every bite. I think the main reason I have to give Ocean Prime a full 5 stars is the service. All the staff were friendly, helpful, and professional. Our waiter Shane, was perfection. He was knowledgeable about the food, offered recommendations, and although he was busy he was always available and fussed over us just enough without being intrusive.
Thank you Shane and Ocean Prime for providing an excellent dining experience!I am changing my review for one major simple reason "they care" ! Yes they actually really sincerely care ! 
When you post a review for no other reason then the fact that you have had an experience inconsistent with the quality, great servace and excellent food that you know is the brand of Ocean Prime, they care ! 
I am looking forward to my continued patronage to this location and enjoying the top 5 star food and service that Ocean Prime guarantees !My best friend chose Ocean Prime to celebrate her birthday.  I thought I would really enjoy this restaurant after seeing the menu, however, that was not the case.
After being seated, we were greeted by our server who gave us menus, then disappeared for about 10 mins before returning to take our drink orders.  When he returned, more than 10 mins later, he forgot one of the drinks and it took about 7 mins to get the drink.  After leaving the drink you'd think he would be ready to take our order, however, he was not.  Another several minutes went by before he returned to take our orders, and once again he forgot someone.  We had to call him back to the table to take the last persons order.
You see the trend???
The 8oz filet mignon ordered medium well came out completely under cooked and had to be sent back.  Disappointing.  I've eaten at several amazing restaurants, Ruth's Chris, Del Frisco's, MJ Steakhouse, Morton's, and STK to name a few.  My expectations for Ocean Prime were high, however, the service and the food left much to be desired.  
Our dinner started at 5:30 and lasted until 9:30. I would like to say that this was due to us having a good time, but unfortunately it wasn't. The long expectant waits counted for at least an hour of our dinner.
I really hope our dining experience was the exception and not the rule...Great happy hour with half price apps and a $5 melon-tini (super yum). I also love their calamari which is conveniently on the half prize assortment. Service was great, our waiter offered us another round just minutes before the special ended, a rare and most appreciated opposite of the up-sell.
Cool vibe, sit upstairs in the booths if you get the chance.I recently visited ocean prime with my family and I must say the overall dining experience was excellent and what you'd expect at this level of restaurant. We ordered a round of appetizers, calamari, deviled eggs, the shrimp sauté, all were excellent. The calamari were sweet and kind of an Asian influence. We also had a private room which was awesome for a private dining experience. The waiters that served us were very helpful and let you enjoy your meal, this isn't a place you want to go in a rush, they like to provide you a service and  let you enjoy your meal. I ordered the rib-eye steak as well as some other people at my table ordered other steaks and we all agreed that this was the best steak we have had anywhere. I have eaten at famous steak places in NYC and Chicago but this took the crown. The steak was cooked to perfection. We later learned that the cooks are not allowed to cut into the meat here unlike some other places like Del friscos, it's all done by touch and sight to ensure the flavor and juice is left within the steak. After the meal we all decided on desert, the cookies and crime cheesecake is what I got and it was probably the best thing I've ever eaten, too bad it was a special and I'll probably never get it again! Anyway I would definitely come back to this place on special occasions. It's pricey, but you pay for excellent service and food.What can I say?!  This is a top notch spot and everyone needs to check it out at least once!  It's pricey but you really get what you pay for.  We went for my husband's bday and everything we ordered was amazing!  French onion soup, ahi tuna app, filet, seabass, cheesy jalapeno pots, and the truffle mac and cheese is to DIE FOR!  Even the drinks was amazing!  Try the specialty whiskey one!  Our waiter, Dae,  was great too...he gave perfect suggestions and even brought out the chocolate covered peanut mousse on the house!  LOVE this place!I came here for Center City SIPS on a whim and I'm glad I did. this is one of the classiest restaurants I've been to in center city and the atmosphere is nothing short of alluring. For an anniversary or other celebration I would highly recommend ocean prime!What a beautiful restaurant and wonderful night out. We can't wait to return! We were super impressed with the whole experience from beginning to end and all of the staff from the host stand, to the servers, to the runners, to the managers we're friendly, knowledgeable and seemed to genuinely care about our dining experience.  On top of the beautiful ambiance and stellar customer service, the food was some of the best food I've ever had in my life (and I've had a lot of great food!) You really can't go wrong because everything was so delicious, and there's a great cocktail and wine list to choose from, as well as some delightful desserts. Their desserts are so good, especially the carrot cake. This place is really incredible and should be your go to spot for a nice night out. Enjoy every bite and sip!I've been to Ocean Prime twice. The first time was for restaurant week last year and again for my birthday in April. My review is based on my most recent visit.
We ordered the Shrimp Sauté as an appetizer and it was delicious. It comes with extra large shrimp (4) and the light sauce has a little spice to it. It also comes with cheesy bread that was very good and complimented the shrimp. My husband doesn't even like cheese but really liked the bread. I'd recommend that appetizer. 
I got the teriyaki salmon as my entree. It was just a little more dry and not as bold a teriyaki flavor that I remember before (yes, I got the same thing but the first time was over a year ago). It was just okay this time.
My husband got the ribeye and said it was a good steak. It's not Del Frisco's steak but still very good. He usually likes it cooked medium rare to medium. He got medium since he's never had steak here before and said it was fine, but he could've gone medium rare. He was still happy with his meal. We ordered the lobster mashed and brussel sprouts as sides. The brussel sprouts were a little overcooked. 
For my birthday they let me pick a dessert from the menu that was on the house! It was a nice surprise since most restaurants don't do this anymore! We got the 10 layer carrot cake. It was super sweet, so I could only eat a few bites but it was pretty good.
Larry was a great server and overall we had a really nice night! We'll be back!I've been to Ocean Prime twice. The first time was for restaurant week last year and again for my birthday this week. My review is based on my most recent visit.
We ordered the Shrimp Sauté as an appetizer and it was delicious. It comes with extra large shrimp (4) and the light sauce has a little spice to it. It also comes with cheesy bread that was very good and complimented the shrimp. My husband doesn't even like cheese but really liked the bread. I'd recommend that appetizer. 
I got the teriyaki salmon as my entree. It was just a little more dry and not as bold a teriyaki flavor that I remember before (yes, I got the same thing but the first time was over a year ago). It was just okay this time.
My husband got the ribeye and said it was a good steak. It's not Del Frisco's steak but still very good. He usually likes it cooked medium rare to medium. He got medium since he's never had steak there before and said it was fine, but he could've gone medium rare. He was still happy with his meal. We ordered the lobster mashed and brussel sprouts as sides. The brussel sprouts were a little overcooked. 
For my birthday they let me pick a dessert from the menu that was on the house! Nice surprise since most restaurants don't do this anymore! We got the 10 layer carrot cake. It was super sweet, so I could only eat a few bites but it was pretty good.
Larry was a great server and overall we had a really nice night! We'll be back!This is my go to for a nice dinner. The food and service is amazing. It is pricey but you are paying for a good experience and it's well worth it. The berry and bubbles drink is so good!One of my favorite "special occasion" restaurants in the city. If you think the ambiance is good, the service is even better! If you let them know you are celebrating a birthday or anniversary they greet you with a complimentary glass of champagne upon being seated, which makes everything special. We always get the tuna tartar, the most delicious thing ever!! We also always get something from the raw bar. The oysters are good and the lump crab cocktail comes on dry ice which is an exciting effect. The cocktails are always great as well, they serve up a mean dirty martini. To top it off, the ribeye is always done to absolute perfection and the lobster tail is so fresh and delicious. I've also brought family here and have been told that their crab cakes are the "best they've ever had". The sides are also stellar, the jalapeno potatoes au gratin and the truffle macaroni and cheese are beyond comparing! If you're looking for a great meal, great scenery, and great service you can't go wrong here!!I took my wife here for her 30th birthday. I was truly impressed from beginning to end.  We were seated promptly. Our waitress displayed nothing but great customer service throughout the night. I the steak was prepared wonderfully , very juicy and moist. The crab cakes were tender and fresh. I recommend getting the corn as a side dish because it was excellent. So sweet and delicious. This is definitely a restaurant to enjoy a romantic or business style atmosphere!Had great service and great meal....the sides are the best!!!  This is about our 5th time there and have not be disappointedThe ambience is very elegant and professional, as are the serving staff. The food is very pricey, but one of the best places I've eaten at in a while. The salmon I ordered was perfectly made and the sticky rice and sauce perfectly complimented it. They adjusted the recipe for my dairy allergy and were very accommodating! If you are going to get dessert here, I would suggest the peanut butter chocolate pie (or if you're dairy free like me, the sorbet).We've been here twice and each time we had impeccable service, amazing food and an awesome atmosphere!!  The ambiance is beautiful!!My first time here at Ocean Prime, came for an early Valentines Day Dinner. Great ambience, I actually thgt it would be bigger inside but it was nice, cozy vibe. Everything here is mostly a la carte. My hunny ordered the 10 oz filet with broccoli an cauliflower mix and a baked potatoe. I went for the surf n turf they were calling tonight's special, unbeknownst to me it was 60.00 a 8 oz filet an a lobster tail came with  asparagus. Most of the sides are like 11.00 plus so I guess the price of the asparagus was included. Our server was Dae, he was cool did a good job checking on us and making sure everything was ok. We took advantage of the half priced bottle of wine he suggested. My only complaint was that my steak was dry an had way too much pepper on it. I did eat it however I had to scrape the seasoning off of it because it was just too much! But other then that we had an awesome time out!Since it's restaurant week, my friend and I decided to pick ocean prime as our choice of anticipated restaurants to try! First thing first, the place and layout is beautiful. Aside from the restaurant week menu, we decided to go with the half dozen of oysters as an appetizer.  We got half and half, so 3 were Alaskan oysters and 3 were from the west coast.  The Alaskan oysters were extremely fishy and upon telling my waiter, he quickly appointed someone about it and long story short, they took it off our bill (which was very nice of them since we didn't expect it at all).
I got the filet mignon and my friend got the teriyaki salmon and both entrees were perfect.  The waiters are knowledgable on the the different wine selections and very attentive throughout our whole experience. This was my first time there, but it will not be my last since there are a couple of things i seen on the menu I would like to try for my next visit :)For a high end steak restaurant,  the service was poor and our steak was overcooked.  We had dinner reservations for 4 at 8:30 pm on a Saturday and got seated at 8:50 pm.  Then,  the wait was so long at our table,  that we didn't get served our entrees until 10:30 pm.  For this level steak house,  there are so many other better options in the city.  I would recommend another choice.Update 05/01/2015:
My original five star review, is now a two star review. 
Here's why:
Pros:
-Because it was our anniversary, they put rose petals on the table, gave us each a glass of champagne upon being seated, and gave us a free desert. 
Cons:
-The quality/taste of the food was nowhere near the same as our last visit. Not just one dish. Every dish. From the appetizers, to the entrees, to the sides, we were very disappointed that the food flavor was not as good as the last several times we have had the pleasure of dining here. I'm guessing they have a new chef or line cooks. Whatever happened, the food is not as good and falls way below of their top competition like Capital Grill, Devon's, and William Douglas. Those are what I considered in their league, but now I don't. They don't even hold a candle to Stephen Starr's Barclay Prime or Butcher and Singer. 
-The server "Dae", sold us on an $80 Akoushi steak, which we ordered medium. It came out rare. Like: deep people center throughout. We sent it back, got it back 10 minutes later with an apology, but our sides had cooled.
-We asked for steak sauces, multiple times, and it took several attempts and reminders to get them. These were very small aioli sized metal sauce dishes. Held maybe two tablespoons in total. They charged us $3.00 for a steak sauce. I was shocked. After bringing us a rare (temperature), $80 steak, they couldn't give us a few tablespoons of steak sauce for free. Amazing.
-We asked to share the bowl of Lobster Bisque. We were then told "well you'll need to order two cups instead which costs $8.00 each instead of $13.00 for the bowl". Okay, whatever - charge us $3.00 more, even though every other time we have been there, we were able to share a bowl and even had them split it in the back into two portions for free.  To make matters worse, the soup was bland, had almost no lobster flavor, and was mostly cream. A lot of salt helped the flavor, but what was once our FAVORITE bisque in the city turned into our least favorite. Would not order again.
-To make matters worse, the guys bussing the table are so eager to take plates away they pull them from you while you're eating. We ordered the surf and turf which is short rib and scallops. $17.00 for a very small portion, served over mashed potatoes. It was also once VERY GOOD - this time, of what we ate, we enjoyed, but the bus boy took the plate from us still half covered in food while we were visibly eating. I couldn't understand it. Based on how small the portion started out as, there was practically half left when he took it abruptly. 
-The bathroom was also sub-par for the high-end restaurant they try to be. The handicap stall was completely out of toilet paper. The stall next to it, had zero locking mechanism (so better hope you're not pooping when someone decides to throw your stall door open and peak in on you). 
The only redeeming qualities tonight were the free desert, and glass of champagne, but to tell you the truth, we will not be returning to Ocean Prime with the poor experience we received tonight. Next time we will go with a sure thing like a Starr restaurant or even Devon which consistently delivers a 5 star "Starr" experience with great food, and wait staff.  
Very disappointed to have to lower a 5 star review to 2 stars, but you ruined our anniversary dinner Ocean Prime.My husband and I dined here for an early Sunday dinner.   The service was great.The appetizers were good. My husband ordered the New York Strip it was cooked perfectly and he enjoyed it. I had the rib eye. When we go to steak restaurants I always get rib eye because it has more fat marbled through out. Unfortunately, this steak was totally full of hard gristle which is completely inedible. However, when I told the waiter, he did not hesitate to remove it from our bill. Thank you Michael and staff. 
It's really a shame to be so disappointed at a beautiful restaurant. I thought I'd be able to spread good things about Ocean Prime to friends.Great experience, Ryan our server was fantastic, food was excellent, great wine list.  Definitely will go back,.Excellent food, great service, atmosphere is beautiful.... Management  ensures great service from the second you arrive... One of Philla's best !!Came here during restaurant week last week. It was a last minute thing and I heard plenty of good things about ocean prime. It was not a disappointment to say the least. 
The apps that they offered were the Caesar salad and the seasonal salad. Both tasted good, like any other salad. I got the teriyaki salmon for the entree. It also had sticky rice and a type of mushroom that I forgot the name of. But overall, that dish was super flavorful! The crunch from the carrots gave the fish that extra texture and the fish was cooked perfectly. Lastly, the dessert I got their homemade ice cream in cookies and cream. Got to save the best for last and it was definitely worth it! Super creamy with chunks of Oreo cookie for that extra crunch. 
Love their restaurant week menu and I will definitely come back to try item from their original menu.This steakhouse has a really nice modern decor. It's perfect for birthdays and anniversaries as they will acknowledge the occasion and in our case, put rose petals on the table and treat us to a glass of champagne upon the arrival since it was our anniversary. We ordered a steak tartare, and mixed-and-matched a steak and a fish to create a dinner entree for both of us as well as two side : creamed spinach and Gouda Tater tots. The only reason why I'm giving this place 4 stars, not 5, and ideally it would be 3.5 is because the steak was not the quality we expected. It tasted like a steak you get at outback. The quality or execution just wasn't what you expected of an over $50 steak. Everything else .. the tartar appetizer , the sides, and fish were spectacular.Hi let me start by saying that I really enjoy Ocean Prime. I would say I visit the restaurant on average about 4 times a year with friends for the past several years. My most recent visit June 2017 and 8/2017. The food and the service is always top notch. My concern is with the valet parking company that Ocean Prime uses. I drive a Lexus Gx 470 which I have parked with this same company on multiple occasions for standard valet fee. Last night I was told this is a "Oversized" vehicle and was being charged double the rate. The first issues would be the inconsistency in the parking policy (same company, I asked the manager if there were any recent changes to valet). My second issue is that my vehicle isn't considered "oversized" in any other parking lot/ valet parking that I've used in the city. At the very least I would expect consistency and comparable rates. As much as I enjoy dinner at Ocean Prime, I also enjoy dinner at Del Frisco's, Butcher and Singer, and Chima just to name a few. I doubt that I would spend double the parking rate to eat at Ocean Prime. Valet parking is probably not such a huge deal to some people but I certainly enjoy convenience of not driving in circles for street parking while still running the risk of getting a parking ticket and not walking through a dark parking lot alone at night.One of the best in the USA .
From top to bottom the service, the food, the ambiance, the location and the overall attitude of the people.
We have eaten at this place for special occosions with larger groups and then just as a couple. No matter what the reason we are treated like royalty and the food is incredible.
This is a place that really gets the fact that you don't have to add crap to excellant good food or get super crazy ingrediants fulfilling some food network nerd balls fantasy.
A steak that is prepared well does not need a single thing, yet you will have choices if that is your gig, but in its purest form you won't find better food on this planet. 
Been fortunate enought to eat at some of the best steak places in Chicago and they would be second to Ocean Prime.
I have also eaten at the Columbus location and would report back with the same exact experience !Excellent food, service, and ambience. 
Let's start with the best martini outside of my home.
We made a reservation - easy peasy. Sat down and had a superb martini
As I saboteur the cocktail I couldn't The restaurant is gorgeous. Well-lit with unique lighting and beautiful furnishings. Not very crowded at. 6:30 on a Monday. 
The surf and turf scallop beef rib app was off-scale. The halibut and lobster ravioli was awesome. The ambience and service was superb. 
What's with the $29 for a glass of La Crema Pinot Noir, which is $25 a bottle at my liquor store? And $23 on the Internet?Amazing everything! Cucumber gimlet is so refreshing. Steak incredible. Butter cake spectacular  Ahi Tuna TarTar yummy tooOcean Prime go for the name, the status but the desert sucked major ass and the options are
Too limited for my liking. Their appetizers are good, we had the crab cake and deviled eggs with truffle oil. For my main course I had swordfish with clams my date had the lamb. He liked the lamb, I on the other hand thought my meal was too salty. Over all we had a good time, our wait staff was very friendly and the black orchid cocktail is worth the visit.We loved this place!  We were staying nearby and were looking for a place that had great meat, fish, and vegetarian options as we are a mixed crew.  We stepped inside very impressed and liked what we saw on the menu, so made reservations.
Our server was excellent, best service we've had in a while, and the food was delicious.  Our steak eater was impressed, our fish eater was mesmerized, and our vegetarians very happy : )  The 10 layer carrot cake was a major hit, and the wine choice was excellent.  It felt quiet and intimate at our upstairs table, even though the large place was packed, not an empty seat at the colorful bar!
We will be back next time we're in town, and if you live there definitely check it out!Sigh. I really wanted to enjoy my time here with Ocean Prime in Philly.  I used to frequent the one in Atlanta but it has since shut down.  We arrived and the host had the worst attitude I have ever seen a host have. He was extremely pretentious and super rude. He ruined our surprise cake we had for our friend's birthday as we checked in for our reservations. It could have definitely been an honest mistake but instead of saying "oh sorry" or "oops", he replied with "it doesn't say surprise anywhere you should have told us that it was a surprise we can't mind read." He then went on to just stare at us. I asked the young lady that seated us was he always like that she said your server will be much cooler. So obviously he is. It was all really strange I'm not used to people treating their patrons that way. I spoke to the manager (Jared?) about what happened, he apologized but when asked for the host's name, he replied with "does that even matter?", which I felt was extremely rude. I didn't make a big deal because I wanted my best friend to continue having a great birthday. The reason for one of the stars is because our server Scott was amazing. It was pretty busy in there and we waited quite awhile for food, but his personality and attentiveness to each of us was superb. The second star was because of the food. It was delish! I really hope they get their customer service together, it really put a huge damper to the beginning of our evening, especially for her birthday.Me and my lady went to ocean prime 2 days before Valentine because we both had to work that Sunday and I expected the out most service and that's not what we got, we notice the manger went around to guest tables and greeted them and contrasted with them we received no such greeting. We was set at this small table that could barely fit are plates with loud music playing on the 2nd floor like there was club up there, and my lady notice an incident where guess service was being rude towards another employee who retrieved are coats, I warned about how bad the service was at ocean prime prior to going but I like to know things for myself so I took a chance on it and decided me and my lady would never come here again nor would we recommend it to anyone else for a restaurant to be in such a place as downtown and expansive I expected a more elegant service I'm not gonna complain about the food because I did enjoy my Kansas steak even tho it was burnt on the outside and the lobster was a little bit tasteless well guess I am complaint but I don't think it was worth the 242$ I spent in there.Great experience! We had 5:30pm reservations but got caught in 76 traffic coming from Montgomery County and it took us almost 2 hours. I called and at first was told they couldn't accommodate a 6:30pm reservation.  But like the persistent person I am, I called back 30 minutes later and spoke to someone else and she was more than happy to move our reservation to 6:30. That was kind of odd, the first man didn't even ask who I was or how many people were in my party (it was just myself and my husband). Anywho, we got there at 6:30 and we were seated in a booth right away. Dinner and drinks came out quickly and we even had time for dessert before our 8pm show at the Kimmel Center. The manager came out and gave us two bags of truffle butter popcorn for the show which was a nice gesture being that our dinner was over $200. Overall, great place for special occasions. If we lived in the city it would definitely be an after work cocktail spot at the bar.My two amazing daughters, son n laws, and grandkids took the day out of their busy schedule yesterday evening to celebrate my birthday. The servers were amazing But the chef took the show preparing all of our food to  PERFECTION THE DISPLAY QUANTITY SERVING  OVER ALL THE TASTE WAS DELICIOUS... The shrimp sauté w tabasco sauce, creamed spinach, lobster mashed potatoes, jumbo lump crabcake and butter cake was  delicious. Thank you for great service and will be there more regular with my family.Went to Ocean Prime for our 6 year anniversary. What a great experience! The host asked if there was a special occasion for our visit and they rolled out the red carpet. The staff's attention to our needs made the evening one we not soon forget. Great atmosphere, perfectly cooked fish and the 10 layer carrot cake (yes, we counted) blew us away. Thank you for a great evening!Ocean Prime will always hold a special place in my heart! My husband and I went here the night we got engaged. To say Ocean Prime only treated us with five stars, would be an insult. It's more like 10 stars. We were seated right away into a little corner spot of the restaurant that over looked almost everything in the restaurant. When we got to our table it was covered in roses and we were greeted with a glass of champagne w/ berries almost immediately.  
We ordered drinks as well. My husband ordered a Manhattan and I ordered the Berries and Bubbles cocktail. It has dry ice in it so it's a really impressive looking cocktail. For our appetizer we ordered the shrimp cocktail. Easily the freshest shrimp I've ever had! For my entree I ordered the crab cakes and my husband ordered the king salmon. The portion size was fairly big and just overall SO delicious. 
I would say almost everyone came over to our table that night to congratulate us. They really did an amazing job at making us feel appreciated. Our server was so sweet too and went into great detail about everything on the menu for that evening. 
We shared the creme brulee for desert. Just heavenly honestly. I recommend Ocean Prime to anyone especially if you are getting engaged that evening! Endless amounts of thanks to OP.Amazing!  Michael helped make our 10th anniversary extra special.  Our meal was so delicious, we can't wait to go back!One of the best dining experiences I've had in Philly! My date and I did not have reservations (it was a kind of last minute decision), but the staff was very accommodating and even on a Saturday night we were seated within an hour. We spent our time waiting at the bar where the drinks were great (I had the Pear Grapefruit Fizz which came with a delicious slice of Asian pear in it). We had our appetizer (Ahi Tuna Tartare--highly recommend!) at the bar since it was full menu. We also ended up getting the Bubbles and Berries and the Black Orchid at dinner. The Black Orchid was definitely best tasting but Bubbles and Berries get extra points for presentation!
The ambience was perfect for a fancier date and the waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu. We ended up getting the Lobster Bisque and French Onion soups to start and for the entree we had the Salmon Teriyaki and the Chilean Sea Bass both of which were delicious. Highly recommend the sea bass! The truffle sauce on the mashed potatoes was perfect!When you dine fancy for a special occasion, when you normally would never dream to spend over $20/person on a meal, it's amazing to feel very welcomed despite the innate doubts of being out of place.
Ocean Prime welcomed my boyfriend and myself warmly for our anniversary! They treated us with utmost respect. The servers/waiters were an absolute delight and engaging.
To top that off with delicious, flavorful foods that shock your palate with pleasure made the meal and visit an exiquisite experience. We ordered from the theater menu for $44/person.
Some stand outs were the lobster bisque (every bite was massive with flavor), filet mignon (boyfriend says it was the best steak he's ever had and he's been around the block when it comes to steaks), creme brulee (the custard was DIVINE and full of vanilla tones), and the warm buttercake (warm, delicious, and reminded me of comforts on a cold autumn evening).
Thank you for making our anniversary more special than we could ever imagine. Guys, this restaurant is doing something RIGHT.Had a lovely dinner tonight as a first pick during Philly Restaurant Week. The service was perfect. There were managers visible and active circulating around the dining area. Twice during our visit they stopped at our table to welcome us and to ask about our meal and dining experience. There was a brief wait for our reserved time. We were directed to the bare to wait where we were greeted with seasoned popcorn and offers of drinks. I had their signature bubbling berries martini. It was a real treat! 
The Food
Our server was friendly and knowledgeable. We ordered the Filet and Salmon. The temperature of my medium steak was perfect, at the recommendation of our server I changed my choice from medium-rare to medium. He explained in detail the process they use to determine their steak temperatures followed by a promise to replace his suggestion with my first choice if it was not right for me. My dining partners salmon looked so good that I wanted to put my fork in his plate for a taste.
The lobster bisque was creamy with large chunks of lobster. We both had carrot cake which was a little too sweet for my taste but was delicious. There were tiny layers of cake with cream cheese icing between each layer . 
I would eat here every week if I could ! It would be a great place for a Valentine's Day dinner. (hint, hint)
One big TIP involves the parking. I would recommend using the Valet service offered right in front of the restaurant for $18.00 . (Sunday evening price ) We parked in the closest lot we saw to the tune of $29.00 for just under 2 hours of parking time.We celebrated our ten year anniversary at Ocean Prime. The service was wonderful and the food was perfect. The only complaint was Lobster roll could use some girth.  It was sort of skinny and sad looking still delish, but needing something extra.  
Did I mention the service?  Hands down the best.For a higher end place you would think they have things on time or pay more attention to the customer.
Made a reservation. I was there on time with my party, but I was seated half hour later than expected.... The food was great, which is why I came for. In terms of service, it started out with like 2 or 3 servers and by the time i wanted to get my check there was none to be found.i waited about 10 minutes and then I had to call on a server that was walking by (he was busy with his tables) to get my check. After 10 more mins (I know it was ten minutes because  I had requested my car through text at the valet ) one of the first servers from when we first showed up came by and asked if we needed anything else...i thought I had asked for my check 10 mins ago...overall food great.  Service  both from host and servers not worth it to return..its not too much to ask to be seated, served  food and be given  a  check for the service you have provided. Or maybe it was..