It's a love hate relationship 
The food is hit and miss on any given day 
Service is rude on any given day, only the staff not pushing a cart are kind of friendly.
I guess that's apart of the dim sum culture, 
Sit, eat(if you're Lucky to get carts to you), and leave. I won't be back until  absolutely forcedHands down the worst dim sum I've ever tried. Everything was either cold or overcooked and mushy. Nothing stands out, and I'm not really sure why the wait was so long. The noodles are cold/gluey, the dumpling skins are mushy and the siu mai is just overcooked. Hubby and I tried a number of dishes and were pretty unhappy with everything. To top it off, it was $40 - how/why/wth?!?
No thanks. No matter how much I crave dim sum, I won't be back.Long wait but went with some Chinese friends for some delicious dim sum. Was there with like 15 people so pretty much pointed to everything on the carts as they came by. Prices seemed reasonable as it only came to $12 per person for lunch (despite our ridiculous over-ordering).
Service isn't great, but it helps if you're with friends who speak the language :)Visiting Philly and had to get us some dim some! As we waited for a table holding onto the #9 slip of paper which we got from the guy with the purple shirt, we noticed the amazing dim sum carts. Sure there were the usual shrimp dumplings and chicken feet,  but there were so many different types of dim sum I've never seen in Chicago or San Fran or New York. 
We finally got seated at a big round table and shared the table with another couple. Chicken feet were the best I've ever had and the shrimp dumplings were good but nothing to call mom over.  They had this strange fried fish thing. My friend says the direct translation is white rice fish but it was so good. I love anchovies and just fish in general so this ban yu or something  like that was really a treat. Escargot, fried turnip cakes, and 3 cups of tea later, we were pretty stuffed. The bill only came up to about 25 bucks and the two of us feasted. 
The service.. Not so great but really at a dim sum place, it's the usual. If you don't have someone that is an adult(40+)who can speak Cantonese, then it's better not to expect great service. That's my take. Btw, when I turn 40+ the adult age I type in will be (50+) so please do not take offense. I just feel forever a kid.Good/decent Dim Sum in Chinatown. and you can get all your usual favorites: shumai, shrimp dumplings, steamed pork buns, chicken feat, yummy lotus chicken sticky rice, shrimp/beef crepes/rolls, etc.  All this was yummy. They of course have the special loud ladies rolling around the yummy carts with dim sum.  You can expect the usual loudness and rudeness that is customary in any busy asian dim sum restaurant.  part of the fun! who doesn't want to scream until you can get their attention?  The food was decent but I still have yet to try the other dim sum around the neighborhood.  This place came highly recommended and I was not disappointed.Always a fun spot for Sunday dim sum.  There's lots of variety, some standard and some exotic.   Enjoy the standard dumplings and pork buns, but be adventurous with the seafood - squid, clams, shrimp.  Well worth it.
Get there by 11:30 AM or you'll be waiting a while, and don't be afraid to offer to share a table - you'll be seated much faster.My friends and I went to the diner in the afternoon (about 1:30pm) and the waitress hushed us to be quick, since they are having lunch at 2:00pm. The service was not too nice, and the food is only considered decent comparing to the dim sums I've had in Chicago and New york.This is the real deal dim sum. Our group got there early Saturday so there was no wait. The carts were full of tasty items that we could not refuse - sticky rice, bean curd, shrimp dumplings etc etc. The sesame balls were the icing on the cake. 5 of us ate like there was no tomorrow and the bill was less than $15 per. It was just about 2 hours from the time we left the house in Suburbia to the time we returned. Obviously, authentic dim sum in Chinatown is not meant for long leisurely meals. High quality food, efficiently served - that's what this place offers.This is just your typical Chinese restaurant with dim sum daily, but everything was only alright. Growing up, dim sum once a week was always a family tradition so my critique might be harsh. We ordered chicken feet, shrimp rice roll, shu mai, and har kow. The shrimp rice roll comes with 3 rolls, but only 2 of them had shrimp in it and one was just plain. Shu mai tasted like the frozen store bought ones that you can get from the Asian supermarket, and the chicken feet was ok. The best dish we got was probably the har kow as the skin was light and the shrimp tasted pretty good. I don't think I'd come back again as there are many other options in Chinatown that also serve dim sum.Ok, I understand this might be the best tasting DIM SUM place in the Philly area but seriously, the service here is HORRIBLE. The manager always seems like to be having a bad day, at least every time when we are here I don't ever recall seeing him smile once! Anyway, that's not really the point.
The point is they have bad service. We came here to try the food but often find it impossible since the cart never came around to us. I swear, the ladies that are pushing the cart seems like they have a system going on where they only serve the food to people they like (Cantonese people)
Overall, we find ourselves leaving this place hunger most of the time since we got tired of waiting for the food to come around. At time, waitress there even yelled at us for no apparent reason! We stop making this place as our regularly Sunday DIM SUM place.
Unless they find u likable, I strongly encourage to try other place, but if you really want good food and tolerance the horrible service, then knock yourself out!!!First time in Philly, from Boston, and my family wanted Dim Sum. I asked a street vendor which dim sum in the Chinatown area is best. She pointed out to Ocean Harbor, so that's where we went. Coming in, we were seated right away (guessing we were lucky to come in before 10am). It gets extremely crowded with a line out the door by 10:45am. 
-1* Service was lackluster, slow and did not meet my expectations. Maybe I'm just used to a quick and satisfying service dim sum in Boston.
I noticed there -1* weren't any Tabasco sauce on the table, therefore I asked, and to my surprise, they did not have any. 
-1* The food was oily, especially the vegetable green stalks. Turnip cakes were dense and mushy, shiu mai (apologies for any butchering) was oily and totally meat mystery worthy. 
Two stars for their bathroom cleanliness; not amazing but good enough being in Chinatown. The other star for their open seating space.Food is good but I don't think the service deserves 18% by forcing you to press the button on the credit card machine ( min 18%,20,25). When I said I wanted to leave the tip with cash the lady I think she s the owner s not happy with it I can tell from her face. I do not mind leaving the tip 18 % but the service is horrible. Prbly won't be backStandard dimsum. Recommended as best in the Philly Chinatown by one of the Chinese locals.This is THE place for dim sum in Philly!  I've tried all the dim sum places and there is NOTHING that can compare.
When I lived here and parents visited me, I made them go here.  Nevermind the fact that we had to wait 30-40 min for a table...it's THAT good and even THEY admitted that it was THAT good.
Keep in mind that this isn't the best place for ppl in wheelchairs b/c one must go up the stairs to be seated.  
Congee is sooooo good.  What really rocks is the stir-fried noodles.  Delicious and oily egg noodles with that slightly wok-burnt taste...YUM!  What's awesome is that they are pretty friendly...meaning um...well...Chinese waitstaff isn't usually friendly....I say they are b/c even though it's a madhouse, they get to ya..about 10 min later. 
Go between 11 and 1!  Once it hits 1 pm, it's not as fresh!!!!Typical dim sum, but good Peking duck! We also had the seafood pan fried noodles which we pretty tasty. The Shu Mai and fried shrimp from the dim sum carts were also really good too.Stopped by and the food was top notch! We came in just as it opened at 10:30 AM on a Tuesday and by the time we left at 11:15 it was getting quite busy. Food is cheap and fresh!
Some people may be unsatisfied with the service, but that's how Dim Sum works! Make sure the cart ladies get your attention if you want service.
I would come back here again.One star doesn't begin to describe this place. Food is sub-par, but the service is horrendous. First time I came here two years ago, food was great, service was friendly, but that might've been because we ordered a lot. 
Second time visiting, we ordered small dishes and were hounded like dogs. Had two different servers that didn't understand why we weren't ordering larger dishes (what?). The male server actually even told us to order a large dish or to leave and stop wasting their time... yeah. Long story short, we ended up not ordering a larger dish which they annoyingly obliged. Our original server even "mistakenly" over charged us $10. $10! My boyfriend caught it and brought it up to her to which she laughed repeatedly saying sorry. The receipt she gave us was all in Chinese, probably thinking we wouldn't notice but we're not stupid. We paid the bill to which they forced us to give a tip like many other yelpers have said. I gave $1, which they didn't even deserve. If you're looking for authentic Chinese or a good dim sum place, don't even try this place.I come here about once every three months. My family and I love DUM SUM. Sometimes there is a long waiting line but it usually goes fast. The food comes out of the kitchen on a cart or serves holding them on a serving plate. Everything comes out hot and if it does not come out hot you can always as the servers to heat it up or receive a new one. The owner is super busy trying to make sure everyone is being seated and served fast. 
The servers are busy since they have a lot of tables. It might take a few minutes to get a beverage but it's okay. 
I love their shrimp balls- it is a deep fried ball that has shrimp inside. Another dish I love is the calamari- it is crispy and so tasty. The pork and shrimp dumplings are also really good and comes out hot. 
The only suggestion I have is they could have more serves since they are always busy to keep all the customers happy. However, I know coming here that this is a fast paced restaurant and they are trying to have people come sit down, eat and leave. 
The bathrooms also may need an update. The men's door sometimes covers the women's door and its hard to get into the bathroom. They should probably make the women's door open the other way. Overall this restaurant it good, just know that you are coming in to a different restaurant and the servers, owners and cooks are going really fast to make sure everyone has food and to make sure people waiting in line are not waiting long.Make sure you take into account the items and price before you go to the cashier. The lady (cashier) cheated me. She overcharged me 2 times. The first time I thought it was my mistake, but the second time I made sure 3 times to account it but she cheated me again.Very good dim sum and the carts come around fairly often. Favorite had to be the rice noodle wrapped around the fried dough stick. So much better than the ones we get in NoVa. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Philly.Every time I am back in the city this is my go to Dim Sum place. The dumplings are pretty tasty. Sadly I have to give them 3 stars because the service is blah. Without fail I always have to engage in a battle royale with the server to get a refill on water.  I haven't lived in Philly for awhile now but I wasn't aware that local businesses needed to ration TAP WATER!! On one visit the server wouldn't refill my glass because by his standards it was still half full..Womp Womp. .I've never been anywhere where the server does not keep your glass filled to the brim..well at least I hadn't been until I went to Ocean Harbor. Dear Ocean Harbor, keep the water glasses full..please & thank youDim sum is the best at ocean habor. As far is service, you have to understand its dim sum in chinatown. You have to expect it being loud and service being less the perfect due to the amount of people there for dim sum. As for the food it is the best quality philly chinatown can offer.This place has got to have the worst service in Philly Chinatown. The food is ok but the service is as bad as it can get. I went for dim sum one weekend in the morning, was placed in a tiny corner and literally all the dim sum cart ladies(except once in an entire 30 mins) wouldn't care to look nor push the cart to us. Another time that I was there, I waited 20mins for tea, with numerous attempts to ask the waiters to bring some tea.Been a while.  Here's the deal  in simple terms on this joint:
1. Enjoy the dim sum - it's good and pretty cheap
2. Pay in cash - don't never use a dayum card there
3. Tell the wait staff to shove it up their asses when they ask why you didn't leave tip
In the grand scheme of things, I tip 30% plus when service is decent.  You know, water topped off, pleasant waiter/waitress, etc.  I spend cause I know how hard it is for all of us to get by. But, if the service is as rude as it is at Ocean Harbor, I will happily eat the food and pay for just that.  
Get it straight OC, get your servers on track or don't complain and don't chase me out the door yelling I didn't tip.  You know why?  Cause I'll come back and tell every person waiting for a table how your servers ignore me and make comments about me in Cantonese and you'll lose five tables like you did last time.Bathroom is dirty. Food taste not really good. People are actually friendly, but they will ask for tips, like literally ASK you pay the tips.Came here on a Sunday afternoon for their dim sum. There was a long line out the door which is pretty typical, so expect to wait in line. We were a large party but were seated relatively quick, within 30 min. 
The food is pretty good and they have a large selection of dishes all of which I can't name (dumplings, noodles, chicken feet, spare ribs, fried taro, fried dough, etc). I come here with friends every now and then for the food, not the service. It's a bit loud and you often have to get the attention of the waitors if they have something on one of their steel carts that you want. It's busy and in a slightly cramped space. It's also CASH ONLY. I will probably come back again when I want to have dimsum. My friends (ones that grew up here) say it's the best place to go for dimsum. They probably mean that because of the food only.Okay, forget Joy Tsin Lau, this place is definitely more organized, more popular, and has a larger variety of food. All of the dim sum was delicious, plentiful, and of course...sooo affordable. The line seemed somehow more organized than other dim sum places I have been to, and the staff even seemed happier to answer questions about the food. Overall, the best dim sum in Chinatown. There, I said it.Good dimsum selection with reasonable price and excellent quality.  I've been going here since the late 90's and I still remember that this place is always packed on weekends or weekday lunch.  A chinese co-worker highly recommended me this place because her cousin worked here and assured me that they have cleaner kitchen and always cooked their food fresh daily.  Anyways, I also like that their dimsum is as natural tasting as can be compared to others in the area where they use a lot of MSG.   So it may not be as tasty compared to the other restaurant across the street.Ocean harbor is very solid. It's legit, it's my go to spot where i know i'm going to be happy with my weekend dim sum experience. I usually go earlyish around 10am - 12pm and at that time there is usually no wait, or a very short one. I've brought family and friends here and I've never heard a single complaint about the food and the variety of dim sum and other dishes is vast enough to please everyone. The staff moves very quick through the dining room with the carts so its not long til you can find your favorites. It can be a small challenge flagging down the right person if you want to get some more water or something like that. Overall, I've been here and I know i'll be back here.Came in on a busy Sunday. We put our name down and got in after a 10 mins wait. They ushered us to sit at a table which was still dirty and needed to be cleaned. I understand trying to get people in and out but really ??? We stood there till they cleared the table from the other people and set up a clean place setting for us. 
We were seated at the far left corner of the restaurant. Some carts and food would reach us but then we would see some others pass us since we weren't in the middle tables where the food carts had more room to go through. From what we ate it was pretty good but some of the dishes were cold. The dumplings were fantastic and hot. The calamari we got was just cold and chewy which was disappointing...if it was warm/hot I think it would have tasted great ! There was some items that we would have gotten but didn't see till later when they finally made it over to us.
 Prices weren't bad for the dim sum. It was good but I've had better service and selection back at dim sum places in VA. Maybe we ll try another dim sum restaurant when we are in the area.Best dim sum in Philly Chinatown. Hands down. And yes I have eaten at ALL of the dim sum restaurants in Philly Chinatown.i think the most important thing to remember here is that dim sum is supposed to be a festive, hectic, loud and choatic experience.
ocean harbor is pretty decent, consider that i have had dim sum in san francisco, beijing, hong kong and flushing, to name a few places.
their shu mai and dumplings are hot and fresh.  their tofu wrapped water chesnut + mu er is tender and well cooked.  their sesame balls are crunchy outside, soft on the inside as they should be.  the carts come around often and is clearly re-filled with newly cooked dishes.  on top of that, serves walk around with special dishes like chinese broccoli, salt and pepper calamari, sauteed eggplant and there is a congee (zhou) cart!!
we had a huge pot of orange blossom tea, 6 different dishes and the bill came to $19.  if that does equal 4 stars, i don't know what does.Steamed oysters were fresh and juicy. Fried clams were tasteful as well. Dim sums were not bad but to be honest I was disappointed with beef ribs which were chewy and not well flavored. I can made a much better beef ribs with simple sauce from Chinese supermarket.Utility dim sum. Just as there are those who have utility hamburger, pizza, pasta, Chinese, BBQ, and burritos. This is your utility dim sum place. 
You may have had the porn star experience when it comes to dim sum in much raunchier, sexier, or classier joints. But you always come back to the basics, and while those experimental experiences are fun, you still need good old fashion romp.
Well look no further than Ocean Harbor's Dim Sum. Is the line long on weekends? Yes. Is it incredibly loud and crowded? Hell yes! But thats the beauty of the place, its for these reasons that it feels down to earth to so many Cantonese people. Because thats just simply how everyday life is. 
P.S. if you're at a dim sum, don't ask the cart pusher or waiter to explain to you the dishes. They're cheap, there is plenty to choose from, and they go around fast. Just order and stop holding up the machine.My husband and I needed to get our dim sum fix yesterday and we always go to Imperial Inn because in Philly there are really so few good choices of dim sum restaurant in Philadelphia for us to pick from. I have gotten MSG poisoning from one at Washington Ave. My brother love Joy Tsin Lau and my husband love Imperial Inn. I decided I need to find one that I love. I always see a line of Asian people waiting at Ocean Harbor and this cannot be bad. I have to give it a try. I told my husband that people at Yelp gave it good reviews...we have to give it a try. So, we did and order the usual.
1. We got seated in 2 minutes but we had to share a table. You can request to get your own table.
2. The waiter ask what for tea order as well as your drinks preferred (soda, water)
3. the carts and lady with the tray comes to the table. They have everything from shrimp balls, to chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, stuff peppers, spring rolls, traditional braised chicken feet, tripe which is braised with ginger and garlic, clams sautee with black bean sauce, salt bake calamari, they also serve dessert. 
We decide to order our favorites. It was delicious. The siu mai was delicious. That is one critical one for my husband. It is his favorite dim sum. I love my bean curd roll. It was perfect. It was the best bean curd roll. I have awful ones. We will definitely come back again for more dim sum with our friends and my dad. He will be the judge because he needs his steam pork buns. That will pass or fail the test.Terrible dim sum... prices were not atrocious, actually a good "value".  However, the quality and variety of the dishes was really bad.  Pales in comparison to many, many dim sum restaurants i've been to IN AMERICA.
I expected much better from Chinatown.  Unfortunately, it looks like dim sum is a complete miss in all of philly.  Sigh...One of the best places to get dim sum in chinatown. The food is honestly some of the best. Especially on the weekends. The food is made fresh and tastes even better than it looks. Trust me, it looks good too. The food carts come around pretty fast, but the big problem is that there are always a lot of people. The wait can be long and the food can take a while to get to you. It is all worth it in the end.I went here for the 2nd time today and had a pretty good experience. Joy Tsin Lau is my favorite place, but the food here is decent. The place was crowded when my mom & I arrived at around 12:30 so it's probably best to go early. 
The food was pretty decent & tasty and they had a pretty nice variety of dim sum dishes. But I'm sure that we didn't get to see all the carts where we were sitting...we didn't even get the cart with the buns :( 
My favorite dishes were the salty shrimp and flat noodles.Went for dim sum on a Saturday at 1 pm. I did not see shu mai, or the small shrimp dumpling (shia jiao) that i like, and not a single veggie dish came our way. Was it because it was 1 pm? The shrimp dish that we did get (it's like a folded large noodle with shrimp)...was mostly noodle, with two tiny shrimp per piece. We felt skimped on shrimp. 
Since the selection was not great, and we weren't sure whether or not to leave a tip, we didn't (initially). When we took our change at the register, we decided not to tip (for the first time ever), considering we weren't impressed with the food or service that day, and then something odd happened. The cashier chased us to ask for tip (wait what?) and as I explained to her the few things that we felt were lacking during our short stay (30 minutes), she started making accusations at us. It was just very odd, and the experience left both a bad literal and figurative taste in our mouth. We did leave a 20% tip after being bullied for it. For terrible service and treatment. 
I have been coming here for the past 15 years, and will have fond memories coming here with my grandmother who recently passed. It is a shame, but we will not be returning.This was the most ridiculous services we have received. As we were waiting to be seated, the host rushed us to seat at a table that was yet to be cleaned. As we sat down, a waiter spoke in Chinese to us while slamming a plate at us. We respectfully asked him if we could have new chopstick since ours has old green veggies stuck on it. Furthermore, half of the food that came out was cold and badly served. When we checked out, the cashier insisted that I give 15% or more tips. Normally, I gave 15-20% tips but the cashier started throwing a pen at me so I pressed "other". She then started talking in Chinese to another man when she knew clearly I do not speak Chinese. The man then asked me in English "you only give this much tips?" I replied "I'm sorry, I give as much as I wanted." They both then rolled theirs eyes at us...Not recommend .Dim sum is not fresh. The vegetable we ordered is cold. Beef rib is chewy . Downstairs bathroom ground is sticky，dirty where you can see their kitchen which doesn't look cleaned.2.5 stars. Service was good and actually friendlier than expected from a dim sum place, however, I was really sad that this is the "best dim sum" in Philly. It's very average overall and some dishes on the poorer side though nothing was inedible. Shrimp rice roll had such a thick rice noodle casing that overpowered the shrimp. The siu mai, har gow, tripe and chicken feet just didn't taste as fresh or pop with as much flavor as we've been spoiled with growing up in California and visiting Asia. The dishes here tasted on the heavier stickier side and I was so grateful for the tea refills to wash the stuff down. This place could use some updating and rejuvenating. This might be really good for old school dim sum Philly standards but...  for now I'm going to hold off eating dim sum til back in California and maybe when in NYC.  I'll settle for yummy soup dumplings at Sakura across the street when my overly frequent cravings kick in.I have never done dim sum, so I can't compare Ocean Harbor, but I would say that experience probably trumps quality. Dim sum is basically taking the chinese buffet to the table, and paying a la carte for unending variations of cooked meats, pastries, and dumplings, with a few veggies thrown in. 
Beyond constantly having hot food foisted on you, Ocean Harbor has a cattle drive vibe created by the absence of a waiting area and the abundance of hungry people. This actually makes it more fun, because you get to watch food moving around on carts, and the eyes of the hungry masses following it.
The food itself is nothing exciting. Some people I went with love dim sum, and this merely met their craving, but little to get them excited. That said, when I left completely stuffed, lying in a figural food coma, I was only 13 bucks poorer.In terms of the food, this place is great and comparable to the dim sum in New York City and Oakland, CA. Service seems to be negatively correlated with the number of patrons in the restaurant.
I came here both times I was in Philadelphia. The first time was on a Sunday and the place was extremely crowded. The waiters were trying to rush my friend and me through our lunch by impatiently interrogating us what other dish we were waiting for (the carts rarely made it to our little corner). We were yelled at when I asked the waiter to calculate our bill total (silly me, this is how it is done in NYC and the Bay Area, not in Philadelphia--take your bill to the woman at the front desk). The waiter also chased us down to demand tip when we forgot to leave tip at the table or at the front desk. 
On my next trip to Philadelphia, I came here on a Wednesday morning, right when it opened. There were a handful of other patrons in the restaurant, but by no means crowded. We were seated in the middle and service was good by Chinese restaurant standards (maybe it was also because I spoke to them in Chinese).Ok so since I have eaten dim sum up and down the west coast, north, south and east--I have to say that it's ok.  
We went on a Sunday, so as any other dim sum place on a weekend, expect it to be packed.  Remember--walk in--get a number, stand in line.  Cash and credit is accepted.  Parking can be found on street if there is any because that area has high traffic.  We parked at a lot not knowing how long we would be--$23.  Yes that ish was not cheap.  Probably best I take the train in next time.
The most memorable for me was the almond gelatin for dessert.  We ate so much, I hurt myself.  Chicken feet, gai lan, shrimp dumpling, turnip cake, clams, curried squid, pork dumpling, rice porridge, and the list just goes on.  I hate eating with my husband because he always over order.  
Cash and credit are welcome--as most dim sum places are--great for large parties.  The service is ok but dont expect stellar.Enjoyed a decent Sunday morning dim sum meal here. The wait was about 15 minutes for a party of 8 so not too bad. The food was generally tasty and fresh and not too overly spiced or salted. Some dishes were a little cold when ordered from the carts. Presentation and aesthetics are pretty poor in general. The place is very dirty and random items like tablecloths are stacked on the floor throughout the main dining room. Windows and walls look like they've never been cleaned. The staff are friendly but few are fluent in English so come prepared by knowing what typical dim sum items to select or knowing what to order and ask for in Chinese.Came here once, will not come back again. Our waiter was rude, practically throwing our menus at us, and our food took about half an hour to come out (ordered three dishes). Two of the dishes were fine, but the third one was a little cold. Haven't been here for Dim Sum, and don't think I will either.Some of the best Chinese food in the East Coast by far.  
Gotta try the clam dish with minced meat.  I don't know what it's called, but it was really good.  Kind of disappointed with the honey walnut shrimp, mainly because there was enough walnuts, but not enough shrimp.  Lobster is also great, really tender.   
Sucked  because I had to leave during the middle of the dinner because of this stupid hurricane irene crap.  Another thing to keep in mind is to eat out when there is good weather.  
Eat Ocean Harbor NOW!My favorite dim sum place in Philadelphia. Friendly staff, good and fast service. You can grab the fresh food right from the carts. Waiting time for a table at weekend mornings is ok. TASTY!Decent food. Taste wise, it is pretty authentic but not the best I've had. On the price side, the dim sum is pricey. The atmosphere is nice. I'd recommend a visit.out of all the dim sum places, i was not pleased with my choice of selection. the food was mediocre, the service was absolutely disgusting. We complained about an undercooked dish and they lashed out on my great aunt. this was unacceptable on their behalf and i do NOT recommend anyone coming here. not worth the time or moneyMeh.  Service was average.  Food was ok, typical dim sum, definitely had better.  Despite the wait, I was a bit disappointed.Between Joy Tsin Lau and Ocean Harbor, I think I like Ocean Harbor just the tiniest bit more. The service is bad (that's a given) but they offer some dishes Joy Tsin Lau doesn't do. Namely the slow cooked beef tendon.Food was mediocre at best. Service was terrible. they didn't have a very good/big selection.kept bringing shrimp dumplings even though we didn't want them. the food was fairly expensive. ill try another place instead of going backThis review is only based on the dim sum offering on weekends.  I've not eaten here during the week off their regular menu.  Three stars in not bad in this case.  If I were to rate the place on food alone it would be a high 4 or even a low 5.  The shear number of choices will guarantee you will find something that you like.  In my case though it's more like 10 somethings that I like.  Fried calamari (mostly legs) is one of my favorites since when I'm eating calamari I usually wish there were more crunchy tentacles:). The beef short ribs r also amazing, tender, and just fatty enough to give you that coat your stomach with yumminess feeling that comes with great chines food.  Other fan favorites are the shrimp dumplings Shu mai.  They even have a few things that are vegetarian.  And yes this is much better, as in on another planet better, than those you might find at a buffet.  So in a nutshell the food is fantastic.  
Everything else however usually leaves a lot to be desired.  The restaurant is "cleanish" but you can tell everything has a lot of miles on it.  The staff will acknowledge your presence only if you ask them to bring you something and not a second more.  They do not care if you are enjoying your food, they know you are since the food is absolutely amazing.
One pro tip, go before 11.  No mater what time of year this place usually has a line out the door between 1115-130.I had been craving dim sum for the longest time. I've lived in Philly for nearly 6 months now and have only been once (I think it was at the end of January). So finally, Chris (my husband) and I woke up early enough to head over to Chinatown at a decent hour. 
We waited for about 15 minutes before our number was called. Much to my surprise, we didn't have to share an 8-person table, but had a two-seater all to ourselves. The manager walked us over to a table, where a waiter was changing the tablecloth. He said something to us in incomprehensible English, and Chris and I looked at him blankly. We're pretty good with accents, especially Asian ones, but we had no idea what this guy said. He said something in Chinese, and again we looked at him blankly. Finally, in frustration, he said loudly, "What kinda tea you want? You drink tea?!" I said, no thanks, no tea.
He stormed off.
A few minutes later, he came back to our naked table, arranged a tablecloth on it, and rudely threw down plates and chopsticks.
Chris and I looked at each other like, dude, what is this guy's problem? Don't get mad at me because we can't understand your horrible Engrish, buddy!
Dim sum ladies came around, we got a few dishes, and naturally, we wanted to flag someone down for drinks. No one came near us, including our waiter. At one point, Chris tired to flag him down, but he ignored us. Mind you, we had no water at our table either, despite having declined the tea.
Thirty minutes into our meal, I got fed up and said, "Let's just go. This is ridiculous." I decided right then and there that I would not leave a tip for this fool. NOT SOMETHING I NORMALLY DO-- I'm not afraid to tip generously when service has been excellent. But this was to the point where it seemed like we didn't have anyone assigned to our table. 
Knowing what we would get ourselves into (see Mindy C's review), Chris gave me cash. I paid up front, took our dollar change, and we proceeded to walk out the door-- opposite of where our table had been. We were walking down the steps toward the entrance, steps that were flanked on either side by patrons waiting to be seated (about 30 people or so). Then I heard, "Excuse me, excuse me!" Kept walking. "Excuse me sir!" I turned around, knowing Chris was right behind me. I saw the waiter and Chris facing each other.
"You forget to leave tip!" said the watier.
To which Chris replied, "You didn't even serve us." 
Everyone around us quieted down. I gave the waiter a dirty look and said, "Yeah, you definitely didn't serve us."
We walked out of the restaurant. Once we were a few paces away, I heard, "Hello, hello!" I turned around to see Wonderboy standing outside of the restaurant, trying to wave us back. I waved back and said, "Hi!" 
Having read the reviews on Yelp, we knew how the workers of this place were notorious for chasing people down and badgering them for either not leaving tip or not leaving enough tip, which is why we knew not to use a debit or credit card. No way we would have left our information with this place!
I'm just appalled that this guy had the nerve to run out after us after he yelled at us AND ignored us!Best dim sum around. I have been going here for over 10 years. Some times are better than others but very solid all in all you must understand you are eating off a cart this isn't fine diningI moved to the area a couple months ago and I came here because it seemed like the best dim sum place Philly has to offer, but was instead greeted with a rather plain and old looking chinese restaurant that felt like it was barely clinging onto its regal days.  Beneath the clean white table cloths are tables held together with industrial level tape, the chairs appear cheap and have a terrible metallic look that clashes with the traditional gold/red color symbolic of China, the restroom is barely functional, and so forth.  This place honestly just seems to be running on vestigial steam at this point, and I'm saddened by that because if this is the best dim sum place Philly can offer, I don't have high hopes for the rest of what Chinatown can offer.  Seriously, compare this with Los Angeles (been there for 18 years) or NYC (4 years), and I can see why Philly is never argued over as the best city in the U.S.  Anyways, back to Ocean Harbor - for 2 large and 3 medium dishes the price came out to be $18.25 +tax.  This is probably close to the price of dim sum in NYC, but in Los Angeles you could almost definitely find numerous places that would give you all this at better quality for around $10.  The chicken feet was subpar, the cheong fun and shui mai were mediocre, and the tripe was steeping in oil.  The only thing worth recommending is the rou mi fan (rice wrapped in bamboo).  Overall I would only recommend coming here again simply on the fact that Philly doesn't have much to offer - not because Ocean Harbor provides any quality food or exceptionally priced food.  I would potentially even say don't come here based on their miserable cleanliness and demeanor.This was my first time going to Ocean Harbor and also first time having Dim Sum. I was excited but also did not know what to expect. There were carts plated with a variety of food and brought to each table throughout the restaurant. We were able to choose which dishes we wanted to try and then the waitress would make her way to the next table. Each time we were offered something new to taste. The food was delicious and seasoned well, the portions were also good. The environment was busy, but in a way that made me feel like I was at a large family dinner. 
My one critique would be on the chopsticks. I have never had any trouble using chopsticks and actually prefer them as my eating utensils. They were made of a hard plastic, making them a little slippery. Other than that everything was amazing and I would definitely go back!!Hungry and don't feel like waiting for the food to come out? The answer is simple! DIM SUM! Cheap and decent dim sum. 
The food are good but the service is lacking. This place needs to improve their services.Best dim sum place I had in center city. Very authentic and the food is always quick. Just like the ones I get in Hong Kong. If you're interested in dim sum, make sure you go have a try!On weekends, the restaurant gets pretty crowded around 10:30am and parties have to start waiting to get seated. Luckily, two girlfriends and I got there around 10:10 on a Sunday and the restaurant was pretty empty. Despite the restaurant filling up within 20 minutes, the number of dim sum carts and servers with trays walking around did not increase for the next hour. It was the same 3 carts walking around, and I wish they would increase the number of carts coming around.
The dim sum was pretty good, not too salty BUT bordering on the a-little-too-greasy side. The shumai was good, my friend really liked the bbq pork buns, and our table got two servings of the mini-egg tarts (yum!). Most servers aren't great with English and only know Cantonese, but it's not too hard to point to whatever you want. I really liked that some servers would give us a dim sum tin that wasn't the one on top that had been exposed for a while/was getting cold.
My only objection to this place is that I wish they wouldn't tell you to automatically tip 18%, 20% or 25% (only three options on a machine the cashier points at you). I wish they would let you customize your tip.My boyfriend's favorite place to go to in Chinatown.
The man ignored me when I asked for a ticket.. 2x. My boyfriend came in, and finally managed to get one. I have no idea how long we waited.. but we finally got a table, except we had to share with another party.. I found that awkward a bit.
The food was good, but the service was just ehh.. unfortunately, we were seated in the corner and the carts took forever to come and by the time they did everything was gone. Whenever I eat dimsum, I look forward to eating taro dumplings but I don't think they had it :(
We were going to leave a tip but they cleaned up the table too fast so I went to the bathroom, and when I came back out, a waiter was standing with my boyfriend waiting for me to tip him.
We came around 1-1:30pmThe dim sum here is okay. The food didn't taste very fresh nor flavorful. My friend and I stumbled into this place during a walk through Chinatown. 
I wouldn't come back.This is our third trip for dim sum, and our third dim sum restaurant in Philly. So, far I would rate this one almost 1st, as far as food goes, but it gets knocked to second behind HK Golden Phoenix because of the service. What about the service? 90% of the staff was great. But there was this one lady... She must have been the owner's wife or something. We arrived almost right at opening and were seated right away (something to remember for next time: weekdays, first thing, they aren't busy). The dim sum carts began circling almost immediately, and everyone was really attentive when we asked for specific items (we like sticky rice and BBQ pork buns). While we were eating, this one lady would walk around with her food cart, go to may be two tables, and then turn around and sit down at a table with her friends. Then maybe 5 minutes or so later, she would do it again. I noticed this for two reasons: 1. She never chose our table as her "2"
2. and her cart had the sticky rice we wanted. 
At any rate, the food was great. Their spring rolls were awesome. Anyone whose tried to make them knows the secret for good spring rolls is rolling them tight so there isn't any air inside, and these were perfect. My wife enjoyed the pork dumplings and the sticky rice. For our fourth trip we may return here, but we'll probably go to Joy Tsin Lau next.After moving recently, I had not been able to hang out with my family as often as I used to. To remedy this, my cousins and I decided to go out for dim sum to catch up and we were able to convince my 95y/o grandmother to come with us. Usually our place of choice is Wokano on Washington Ave, but we decided to try a place in Chinatown instead. We chose Ocean Harbor and that turned out to be the biggest mistake of the day. 
The restaurant seemed relatively busy, but looked to be slowing down as customers were finishing up their meals. It was about 2:40 or so when we arrived so I expected this. My cousins and I were worried about whether or not they were still serving dim sum so as soon as we were seated, we asked the waiter. He really didn't seem to be paying attention and kind of just mumbled "yeah, yeah" without really looking at us and then rushed off. 
We didn't really think anything of it because shortly after, a different waiter came and asked us if we'd like hot tea. We said yes and, as he brought it over, a lady came by with some dim sum dishes. We were relieved to see the dim sum and ordered three of the dishes (two shrimp rice noodle rolls and a pork dish). The server seemed to be in a rush and kind of just threw down the dishes on the table. As she poured the sauce onto the rice noodle dish, she splashed it everywhere. And not once, mind you. She did it with both of them. I couldn't believe it and, after hearing my cousin do his trademark nervous chuckle, I don't think he could either. There was nothing special about the noodle dish, but the pork was kind of cold. 
Fast forward a couple of minutes later and we don't see anymore food. Most dim sum places have the carts that go around every table with goodies, but we didn't see any. That's fine. We understand some places don't do dim sum this way so we asked if there would be any more food coming so we could get more. The guy said yes and walked off.
Then the lady who served the dim sum came by to ask what we'd like to order. We had no idea what to order because we didn't know what was available. We asked for a menu. A guy came by, threw that on the table and, once again, walked off. I am not exaggerating the throwing down the menu thing. It wasn't cool. No one came back to ask us anything after that. I kept looking around, trying to see if any other tables were getting served, but everything seemed to be at a standstill with the other customers as well. The waitstaff, meanwhile, started moving tables and chairs around to prepare for dinner? I don't really know. I just know a guy bumped my cousin's chair with a table he was carelessly carrying and it was hard enough that she didn't look happy.
During this time, we asked at least two more times if dim sum was still going on with no other answer than, "yeah." Otherwise, I felt we were totally ignored.
Now, I want to say we are patient people. At one time or another, we have all worked in the service industry and we understand sometimes there are things that happen that you can't help. If it was just us cousins, we would have made the best of the situation. 
But we don't mess around with grandma. She's 95. It's very rare that she feels up to coming out with us nowadays and we did not want to keep waiting for food. That's why we chose to do dim sum when her; we expected to be served quickly. That's the whole point of dim sum. If you are not going to serve dim sum, please just let us know one of the many times we asked instead of just giving a one (or two) worded answer and then walking away. Or if you are serving it, let us order.
My cousin felt the waitstaff was rude so instead of sticking it out, we decided to just go somewhere else. It wasn't worth it to us to have grandma wait any longer. 
When she got up to pay, she wanted to pay by card. We only came up to $9.50 as a total, but there was a $15 minimum. She said ok and the cashier said she'd have to order two more rice noodle dim sum dishes to be able to pay by card. My cousin said ok but said to hold on one second. She came back to the table to ask her brother and I if we had cash and we did. So She went back, paid for it with a $20, and only got back $4. When she asked why it was $4, the cashier said she ordered two more dishes. Yes, that was her fault, but she asked if she could cancel those two dishes because we paid with cash and not card. The lady said no, we could not cancel the order. 
I mean .. what? That makes no sense. It's a dim sum dish anyway, right? Shouldn't it already be prepared? And she didn't even put the order in. We were sitting right next to the cashier, we can see everything. But she refused and we were hungry and had had enough. 
We didn't bother waiting for those two dishes. Overall, we spent 30-40 minutes here with just 3 dishes.  We walked across the street to Joy Tsin Lau and that was sooo much better.
Tl;Dr : If you want dim sum, Joy Tsin Lau serves it from 2pm-4pm. Go there, avoid here.啊这个太难用英文写了。
很久前来吃的，当时第一次来费城吃早茶，随便选的一家，人很多，是那种有人推车自取的，很有感觉。一下子像真的在香港。
点了虾饺蟹黄烧卖什么的，都非常好吃，她们吃的吃的凤爪和大肠啥的据说也很好吃（我不吃）。牛仔骨好吃。萝卜糕比较一般。可惜没有肠粉，种类也不算太多，虽然够吃。
总之当时还蛮惊艳，比之后吃的醉仙楼什么的也好吃，主要是喜欢这个环境。
美中不足是小费是强制最低18%。For the "best" dim sum in Philly, it was ok. Ordering is diffucult to impossible, and the service is pretty terrible. Cheap though.Dim SUM with CG friends. Food was awesome, as always. We had a large group so they sat us up on the stage, view of the entire dinning area. Try the chicken feet, mark of a true Dim Sum Connoisseur! Less adventurous, go for the crispy squid, spare ribs, chasiu buns.Any time my family is in town, this is our go-to spot for Dim Sum.  There is always a good crowd so expect a wait unless you go early enough.  It's fairly inexpensive as the bill was under $60 for 5 people.  I can't say much about the dinner because we just come here for dim sum.  If you love your standard dim sum like har-gow or shu mai, this is a good place to come to.Maybe my expectations were too high after returning from eating great food in Hong Kong?!?! Fare was acceptable, but I was looking for more flavour and colour in my dim-sum choices. Some dishes looked bland. 
Came here after 1st choice, Joy Tsin Lau, was closed the morning after H.Irene passed thru. Patronised mainly by local Chinese. I myself come from Cantonese/Chinese heritage. The decor and layout looked tired. I'll be trying other dim-sum restaurants when I visit Philly next time.I came here at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. We were quickly seated very rudely by a waiter who gave us the sternest look and didn't answer anything. The employees barely spoke english. I guess it was too much to attempt to speak to them in Vietnamese. 
Nearly everything is overly sweetened. I could taste sugar in so many dishes that weren't supposed to have sugar. 
Bad food. Bad service.This is probably one of my favorite places to get dim sum in the city, they have a ton of different carts coming around with all kinds of different dumplings, rices, noodles, and meats (chicken feet, tripe, orange chicken, etc...).
This is a genuine dim sum experience and a must go to if you are into dumplings and the like.Based on the good reviews on Yelp, we went to Ocean Harbor for dinner.  Since dim sum is recommended, we had some "made to order" dishes.  They were disappointing, looking and tasting like re-steamed left overs from the dim sum hour.
What rescued the meal was the Stir-fried Water Spinach with Fermented Bean Curd (&#33104;&#20083;&#31354;&#24515;&#33756;).  It was the best stir fried water spinach I've had.  Although I've ordered the dish many times before in Cantonese/Hong Kong restaurants, no chef has prepared it with finely julienned ginger as Ocean Harbor did it.  It was heavenly.  Give the dish a try next time if you are willing to experience the acquired taste of fermented bean curd.Good variety, authentic taste. Busiest times are in the mornings and early afternoons on Friday and the weekends. My go to place for dimsum in Philly.Tried 3 times to get in this place and failed. Finally get three before 10:15 on a Sat when they just opened. By 11 it was pack and loud. So plan on getting there early. On the other hand if you don't want to deal with the wait and the noise there is always JSL across the street. Deco is nothing to write home about.
Now the food. We tried the same basic stuffs and I think they are a little better than JSL across the street. There is not as much varieties, but could be because we are there early. Chicken feet is very good. Beef innards are pretty standard. Shrimp and pork dumplings are good with subtle flavor. The steam pork bun is the smallest I have seen in my life but is tasty. The tea is definitely better.Traditional but it was ok. It's hard for them to explain what the food is. So you might get something you don't like. And it's expensive you end up with a lot of little portions and it adds up.Terrible service. Food is mediocre. I've never had such a rude and unpleasant experience before in my life. My husband and I were there on a Sunday afternoon. After getting a table, which we had to share with another group  and wasn't even set up yet, the waiter took forever to even acknowledge us. I didn't even know this guy was our waiter because he was just walking right past us multiple times, chatting and laughing with this group of people who seemed like his friends. After everything was set up finally, we literally sat there for another 15 minutes for the main carts to come to us. When we told our waiter about it, instead of trying to help us, he's screaming at us about how he has no control over it. At other dim sum places we have been to, waiters would ask if everything's okay and if we wanted anything that we haven't seen yet. Don't expect that at this restaurant. This waiter (older gentleman with glasses) left such a bad taste in my mouth the entire day. So rude. You don't treat customers that way. I will never return to this restaurant.Absolutely amazing and authentic Chinese/Hong Kong style dim sum for a very reasonable price! The restaurant is a little worn, but I think the food makes up for it.We tried Ocean Harbor for dim sum with our kids. Why do we have to feel so rush to order and eat? For dim sum, it's 4 stars but the service is 2. All the dishes we had were good - fried squid, shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings, and spare pork ribs. My kids even wanted the fried rice and was surprisingly good. It wasn't oily or salty. Their pork buns were excellent. Buns were light and the meat inside was very flavorful. They didn't have any soup dumplings. For dim sum, I may go back. It was better than Imperial Inn. look forward to try Dim Sum Garden and Shang Hi I.