Went here for new year dinner. The seafood food, lobster, chicken was ok. Lo mian noodle was bland. The dinner menu was not too great, i will prefer thai lake or ken.
However i love their dimsum. Always enjoy their shumay and shrimp shumay. Also the chicken feet and cuk. Just stick with the dimsum!They hosted my wedding reception. The reception itself was lovely but dealing with management was a nightmare. Part of it was that there was a transition in management and no communication. Had I not followed up on them a few months after I put down a deposit,  I would have been very unhappy to find that there would be no reception. 
When dealing with business men, stand up for yourself and what you were promised.Dim sum banging.  Selection is pretty adequate and everything tastes pretty fresh.  This is not my goto spot, but I think it will be going forward.
Note, there is no ticketing systems for seating (like the other places).Ocean city has been cited and shut down by the city's health department 3-4 times in summer 2016 and once or twice since January 2017. They'll do anything to stay open including blaming and bullying surrounding businesses for their rodent/pest problems. My brother worked dimsum here in 2016 for a week and wouldn't even eat the free meals they provided employees because of how filthy they are. Here's the article detailing their citations last year:   https://www.google.com/amp/www.philly.com/philly/health/special_reports/clean-plates/20160805_Severe_pest_infestations_close_New_Ocean_City_and_several_other_Philly_eateries.html%3Famphtml%3DyAlthough their dim sum is good, I don't agree with their business practices. I grew up in the area and was told a story about the restaurant by a number of sources. Ocean City also accommodates large parties. Person A had reserved the restaurant in advance for a party. A week before the event, Person A is bumped because Person B had a much larger party. As a result, Person A had to scramble and make last minute arrangements. I don't know if Person B was aware or not that Person A was bumped. So, I won't ever go there again regardless of how good the food.Don't get me wrong, I actually like the dim sum here.  My boss took us here once for company lunch and we all enjoyed it.  Wanted to go back with the fiance after that, but ended up at Ocean Harbor... thinking it was the same restaurant.  Anyway...
The two stars is for the lackluster service and terrible steamed dumplings.
Last weekend, I finally wanted to try the char siu bao for take-out as a snack, since it was highly recommended by fellow Yelper Hoang T.  As I walked in around 4pm, there was no one, but the staff, a bride, and her crew.  The Cantonese ladies were too busy mopping the floor to even ask me anything.  Yes, I know I came at the wrong time when dim sum was no longer available and there was wedding reception preparation going on, but still.  The owner/manager then told me that they stopped serving dim sum at 3pm and proceeded to tend to the bride.  Fine.  I looked at the menu for some small appetizers and asked one of the other unhelpful Cantonese ladies if they had any har gow from the appetizer menu.  She said they ran out.  Fine.  She suggested that I order the Pan-Fried Dumplings or the Steamed Dumplings, $6.95 for 6.  I didn't want to eat anything fried, so I opted for the Steamed Dumplings.
I paid the owner/manager and proceeded to stand as I didn't think it would take too long for some dumplings.  Right?  Wrong.  The owner told me to have a seat and will bring out the food when ready.  
I waited for what seemed to be 30-40 minutes for Steamed Dumplings.  At that point, I was thinking, 'you have got to be kidding me.'  I know they were busy, but how come no one declined my order when they were so occupied cooking and setting up for the wedding reception?  They somehow still LET me order and had me wait forever.  Like, come on.  As I was about to cancel the order, the owner/manager walked out with my dumplings.
Was furious, but still hoped to eat something decent.  Not sure what they gave me, but the dumplings don't seem like the typical steamed dumplings that I eat.  They had a thicker unappetizing wrapper, were super cold, and just did not taste good.  The vinegar-y sauce that accompanied it was meh.
So I guess they thought it was a good idea to just leave the take-out sitting there for a good 30 minutes as I waited.  I'm really upset, but I know I went in at the wrong time.  Or at least I'm hoping that's the case.  I will be back with the fiance for the dim sum, but most likely with a mean face.I have to say after trying many places in Chinatown for dim sum, this place is one of my favorite places. I love how fast they serve the food to your table. Usually the carts come before my water and tea. No time is wasted, you can get down to business and eat right away here! Some of my favorite dishes here are the shrimp dumplings, pork bun and chicken feet.Food overall probably deserves a 3.5. No real standout items. We went on a Sunday and the carts were kind of sparse and very slow. With that said the ladies that were pushing them were quite pleasant and did take their time showing you what was in the carts when they finally arrived at the table.  The pricing was excellent. 3 adults and 1 child at for about $30.As foodie and Cantonese, I HIGHLY  DON'T recommend this place. We went in Ocean City this afternoon around 2:30pm. The restaurant was almost empty. Only 3 tables were occupied by customers. Therefore, we thought we'd have relatively quick late lunch. We're wrong, completely wrong. The food was the best mediocre. And the service speed and attitude were just horrendous, absolutely horrendous. I'm born and raised in Asia and I'm Asian. This was definitely one of the worst dinning experience if not THE worst experience I've ever had. She tossed the menu on our table and walked away without saying anything which was fine. I didn't expect friendly service in Asian restaurants in general. After 20 mins, she finally took our order. Then we never saw her again. No water, no tea... We eventually gave up.The ambience is nice, and very true to most traditional dim sum restaurants in the US. Also, their upstairs seats a couple hundred people. Quite possibly the largest venue in Chinatown.
The dim sum here is... disappointing, honestly. They're relatively expensive, not very hot, and relatively bland. They serve the basic, har gow, siu mai, etc.. and they're just okay. The skin of the dumplings would sometimes be stuck to the doily, and tear. Not moist enough!
As far as the food goes, if you want dim sum, come here. It's neither great nor terrible.We're long time fans of Ocean Harbor (10+ years) but recently decided to change things up. Nothing particularly good about this place - it's standard (mediocre) dim sum. Nothing bad, but we just like the tastes of Ocean Harbor a lot more. Seated downstairs next to the bathroom (meh), and they only really had one waiter/busser so it was kind of difficult to get ice water, an extra napkin, etc. I suppose it's a personal thing - like Ford or Chevy, I'll stick with our other place next time.Food was ok, but service is terrible. The server acted like we were the biggest inconvenience on the planet. She put an item on our bill that we didn't receive. I never received a coke that I ordered. Getting water was a job, and getting a refill of it was impossible. Vanished after taking our order and we basically never saw her again. I should add, when we left there was literally one other table occupied in the entire place, so they weren't swamped.Let's face it, dim sum in Philly is just EH ok, so I just look for the cleanliness of the restaurant which is close to impossible too most of the time. Ocean City was never dirty, at least I haven't seen a cockroach crawling around. Now it's EVEN CLEANER!!!!
They've renovated and gotten a new dim sum chef. The place is clean, open, and the dim sum is tasty. OF course some dishes still have msg, but it's as bad as other places in Chinatown.
The shrimp dumplings here are cleaner too, they actually de-vein their shrimps.My friends and I literally just walked in and ate and paid so much money and left.... I don't know why... we could've went to sangkee next door but we wanted the dim sum cart? But apparently they didn't do the carts for dinner so we were bummed. Oh wells we still ordered and ate. Waitresses looked miserable. Food was okay. Kind of got forced to eat the lobster dish. It was expensive but oh wells we getting in that "whatever" mood.Health violations galore!  Forget this joint.  Live roaches infest the kitchen.  Dead ones all around.  Go elsewhere!Came to Philly Chinatown explicitly to get dim sum. Based off of other yelpers we first went to joy tsin tau. We left after 4 dishes because the food was bland and tasteless. We came to ocean city and it's a world of difference. The dim sum here was much more flavorful and authentic. More reminiscent of the Chinatown in nyc. Would definitely come back.Great selection. All the dishes cook fresh. The place was packed on a Sunday morning delicious delicious delicious White tablecloth if you can imagine in a Chinese restaurant.  Mostly Chinese.  So quite authentic.  Fresh fish in tanks.  Servers were efficient and friendly.  Wish I live near Chinatown.Came here for dim sum. Some dishes are good but some are bad. The shrimp dumplings are not very fresh. The stuffed tofu need more taste. Lotus leave wrap sticky rice is good.Food (7.5/10) = Pretty much your standard dim sum selection (siu mai, har gow, braised chicken feet, steamed pork ribs with fermented black beans, braised beef tendons, fried tofu, radish cakes, taro, etc.).  The dim sum was good, but nothing impressive.  This is the third dim sum restaurant I've visited in Philly's chinatown (the other two are Joy Tsin Lau and Ocean Harbor), and in my opinion they are pretty much the same in terms of quality and variety of dim sum dishes served.    
Ambiance (7.5/10) = Pretty much the standard Chinese restaurant set up.  Of note, the guy that I'm assuming is the manager is quite entertaining to watch.  He never smiles.  Always yelling.  Runs the place like a tyrant, haha.
Service (7.5/10) = Standard for dim sum restaurant.  The carts come to your table at a decent frequency.  
Overall opinion = One of a few dim sum places in Chinatown.  Would I recommend this over the other one's Ive mentioned above?  Given the similarities, no.  Regardless, the dim sum is good, but it's not impressive as dim sum you may find in NYC or Toronto.My husbands cousin had their wedding reception here and dimsum brunch the day after the wedding. 10 course wedding food was good. Dinner wasn't served until 8pm, I'm glad we had Tommy Di Nics before going to their reception.
I wish you don't have to go to the kitchen to use the restroom. $13 Parking across the street, $26 for 2 days of parking was too much. Dimsum tastes like regular dimsum, nothing special.Was here last year (2011) and the dim sum was roughly okay (not great).  
Tried stuff like Har gow (steamed shrimp dumpling), Shumai (pork), Roast pork bun, Radish cake and in general, the dim sum was not cooked well.  Greasy but not in that tasty-indulgent way.  Radish cake wasn't fried properly (outside should be crispy).  Dim sum had been sitting around rather than served fresh -- to be fair, I was in a large group so maybe that was part of the problem.
Other dishes were not much better.  
Soup lacked flavour. 
Crispy fried chicken wasn't crispy.  
Lo mien (noodles) and fried rice were not good. 
The dishes that depend less on careful timing & execution are generally better, e.g., Braised tofu & vegetables was all right.   I suspect anything else slower-cooked would probably be better too.
I guess Ocean City is kind of edible, about 2 stars in Philly, given what I know of Chinese restaurant standards here.  But if you have ever had access to good Chinese food anywhere, I wouldn't bother with this place.  You'll be disappointed.If I didn't know better I would have thought I was in HongKong. Crisp white table clothes, excellent pueerh tea, selection is excellent from the old school but great rolling carts. Ladies also carry trays of other unique dishes intermittently. Two of us ate 8 dishes and the tab was $24. Terrific Dimsum.Definitely not the best dim sum ever, but the food was decent and when I came here with a group of about 10, the bill ended up being only about $7-8 per person! I really liked the shumai and ha gau. 腸粉 was decent but not spectacular.Worst place ever!  We came in as group of 30 and the waitress was pushing us to order the set meal because that's what people normally order.  We told them no and to give us the menu to order a la carte instead.  From that point on, we got poor service--asked for water, bowls, etc which took super long to come and the attitude was just rude.  By the time the bill came, we got charged an extra $75 and had to go through the bill individually.  Turns out, they billed us $1 per person for tea and so that was easily $30!!!  Not everyone drank tea either cause we ordered soda and water.  The owner didn't want to correct it.  Never ever going back again. Plus the food was SALTY!!!!!!!!!!!!This place is alright. It was nice that my family and I didn't wait for a table or shared a table because there were more dining space on the second floor. 
The food was mediocre. I was disappointed at the crystal shrimp dumplings. Usually the shrimp in the dumplings are chopped up and mixed in with chopped chestnuts. Eggroll was just disgusting. The only thing I liked was the cruller wrapped in soft dough (liang - yang), which came out fresh.  
It was pretty pricey for dimsum. 
Service was typical, which you have to flag down a waiter or waitress.Functional dim sum. That's right. I gave two consecutive "functional" ratings. Wanna fight about it? (a la Family Guy)
I've never been to the previous iteration of this restaurant (I recommend Dave H's review), but on today's visit, I thought the dim sum was only ok. 
- har gow: the shrimp was somewhat mushy. 
- Shiu mai: always a hit or miss proposition. A bit too much gristle in this one. 
- jellyfish cold appetizer: perfectly springy, with a right amount of pickled radish. 
- seafood chow mein, "two sides golden": they did not pan fry the noodles enough, and put too much sauce.  This led to a soggy experience. At least they had real seafood, rather than surimi. 
Overall, Nothing to write home about.Chinese restaurants are notorious for their great food but often mediocre service.  This was no exception except they surpassed mediocre level and went straight for atrocious on all levels, especially with their customer service.  We were a family of 8 dining tonight for my dad's birthday. We placed our orders, everything was fine.  
They brought out a total of 4 dishes that were not meant for us before we even got our first course. We got bubble fish soup as our first course, they only brought out 7 bowls for our party of 8, we tried to flag someone down but then I said I would share with my husband, no big deal. 
We began getting our main entrees and it just went downhill.  We received several savory dishes with no rice to occupancy them, so everything seemed salty.  We asked for water, they literally bring out THREE glasses of water for a table of EIGHT PEOPLE.  Were we supposed to do a sip sip and pass routine?  We flag her down for more water and glasses since we downed our water, they still only bring out 4 more glasses - so again I just shared.  We never got refills on water the entire meal. 
We had to start stacking our dirty plates because no one was clearing out table, so plates and bowls kept piling up.  
Eggplant with garlic sauce - decent, had mixed veggies
Seafood bird's nest - pretty standard, tasted typical of every other place we've ordered this from.
Peking pressed duck - hard pass, we had to actually send it back, there was no meat in the dish at all, it was a plate of skin.  We watched them take our seafood fried rice to two other tables before they took it to the kitchen, then we had to tell our waitress that the rice was meant for us.  It became laughable at that point how bad the service was.  
Everything else we had wasn't even worth mentioning because it came out at such an odd pace.  They even forgot to bring our clam and XO sauce out.  This is when I snapped because I tried to get our waitress' attention to tell her just to take the clam and XO sauce off the bill since we had been there for quite a while and it didn't seem like it was going to come out.  In the middle of trying to tell her this, she just turns her back to me and walks away!  I snapped at that point and went to a man that looked like the manager, he managed to smile condescending to me and said sorry.  He ended up taking 10% off the bill, but they could offer to pay me to come back and I wouldn't set foot in that restaurant.  I do not think I've ever been this furious leaving a restaurant before, which is a shame because we were supposed to be there to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I now know not to stray away from my usual choices for chinatown eats.Maybe they were written up for some department of health violations or whatever... but the food is delicious. This is our go-to spot for dim sum in Philly. Today (CNY) we ate upstairs, in the secret ballroom that holds hundreds of people. They had tables setup all over the place. When we go up there we were one party of maybe five. When we left there was a wall of people waiting for a table. This place is NO JOKE, and obviously everyone knows it.Life is like a dim sum restaurant you never know what you're gonna get but its gonna be delicious. I can't tell you exactly what to get because I don't know what I'm eating half the time. The dumplings are all really tasty, the pork buns are by far my favorite thing to order. I also tried the fried chicken feet, I can't really comment on chicken feet as I haven't developed a taste for them. 
Also 4 of us went for lunch and ordered a ton of food that left us all pretty full and it only cost 27 bucks!!! 
I have been to joy tsin lau and ocean harbor, this definitely gets my vote for favorite dim sum in PhillyFriendly staffs, fresh and hot dim sum, chicken feet the best on east coast, and on top of all these is the reasonable price.  This is the only place I go for dim sum around here.  Also they have the tastiest chicken feet, 牛腸 and other 腸粉 the best.Best dim sum place in Philadelphia. I've been to the three other majors ones in the area- Ocean Harbor, Joy Tsin Lau, and Dim Sum Garden and Ocean City is ***significantly better! The tables were full around 1pm so we had to wait 10 minutes or so and shared a table with another small party.
The food carts rolled by as soon as we sat down, even though we were placed all the way in the corner. They didn't run out of anything we wanted, unlike other places I've been to. They also had Ma La Gao which was so spongy, so fluffy and so perfectly lightly sweet--it really made my day. The porridge was also very flavorful and had plenty of ancient egg and meat in it--not just a bowl of watery rice.  We were there for an hour and the food came out at a reasonable pace, sometimes a little slow. 7 trays of food came out to be around $22. 
The tea was pipping hot and the dim sum was not too greasy so I could actually eat more without feeling sick. I'd definitely bring my friends here if we ever want dim sum in Philadelphia. It's worth the trek north of Race Street!I'd like to think I'm a fair judge of restaurants since I've had a wide range of experiences. However, I've never been so insulted and rudely treated at any establishment... until I came to Ocean City Restaurant (please don't confuse this review with Ocean Harbor). If only 0 stars existed on Yelp...
I've been to Ocean City several years ago (in the 1990s) but haven't been back since they renovated and are now under new management. I brought my family here for dinner to celebrate Mother's Day. Thus began the worst dinner service I have ever had the misfortune of receiving:
1. After being seated in a corner table, we waited 15 minutes before I finally flagged a waiter down to take our order. 
2. We patiently twiddled our thumbs for 20 minutes before receiving our first dish (Peking style pork chops). We asked for bowls of rice (as it is a customary staple), and as I watched the waitress go in and out of the kitchen 9 times (yes, I counted) with food for other tables and stopping to chit chat with customers, I felt my anger internally rise. By the time we received our rice, we had already finished the first dish. The pork chops were alright, but I thought there was too much breading.
3. Trying not to get too upset, I flagged down the waitress and politely explained that we had been at the restaurant for more than 40 minutes and only had 20 minutes left on the parking meter, so we really needed our food to come out in a more timely manner. She either didn't understand the urgency or feigned listening and merely replied with a head nod. 
4. After another 10 minutes of not receiving any dishes, we were absolutely fed up and told the waitress that we'd pay for whatever dish they already starting preparing in the kitchen, but wanted to cancel the other orders. During the entire time my mom spoke to her, the waitress didn't bother to look her in the face. She pretended to be folding some sort of napkin at the next table, mumbled "okay okay" and walked away. HOW FUCKING RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL (pardon my French). They hurriedly sent out 2 other dishes, and we told them we weren't paying for the last one. 
5. At this point, my dad had to leave to fetch the car. The rest of my family decided it was only right to leave as well. So, after unsuccessfully flagging down a waiter, I went to the counter and told the manager (who made no eye contact with me) that I needed boxes for my food and to give me the check. 
The lack in service was so insufferable that this is the first time I actually didn't tip. Needless to say, we left with food that they probably spit in, no apology for their behavior, and just utter disgust and embarrassment that such a restaurant could exist.I don't even know where to begin reviewing my favorite dimsum.  I think it was formulated specifically for my tastebuds, its delicious.  There are tofu skin wrapped pork, amazing fried taro things with stringy fried on top (I dont know the name of it but its amazing.) They have the best chicken feet I have ever eaten.  Go early when its super fresh!I don't live in Philly (Or NY/SF) or any place with a real China Town.  I live in DC where China Town = Chipotle sign written in Chinese Letters in a small corner of their sign.  I don't get to do push cart Dim Sum often, so when I do it is a treat.  Ocean City was just that.  Nothing fancy, and nothing that would instantly appeal to an unadventurous diner, but an absolutely huge variety of delicious little morsels.  For this meal I stuck more to the steamed than the fried, and it was still delicious (Maybe its because for some reason all of the fried Dim Sum i have ever had seems to taste the same).  I can't wait to go back to Philly to let my stomach decide between here and Silk City for my hangover cure... wait, who am I kidding.  I'll just do both.Don't even bother if you're Non-Asian. We are experienced Chinese restaurant eaters, we know what we're ordering, but the waitress would not let us order certain items on the menu, like ox tripe, and tried to force sweet and sour pork and Gen tso chicken on us. We wasted a big chunk of change on NOT WHAT WE WANTED. They shouldn't even offer a menu in English. I'm really pissed.The food is served in steam table trolleys usually stacked high with bamboo or metal steamer baskets. Waiters push them around the restaurant from table to table, and you get to point to the dish that you want and order. Each table gets a card that is stamped. Each order typically costs only a few dollars adding up.  Once seated, our eyes went directly to the many food trolleys circling the room. We selected the Har Gow (steamed shrimp dumplings), Shumai (pork), Siu Mai (open pork dumpling), a delicious shrimp and cilantro dumpling.
The Siu mai is a open-topped steamed pork and/or shrimp dumpling made with a wheat flour wrapping and is often topped with fish roe or grated carrot. This is always a favorite and is always one of our orders. The zhaliang (friend, noodle-wrapped cullers) is a steamed rice noodle wrapped around crispy fried cullers topped with soy and hoisin sauce. The combination of the crispy and soft texture is a perfect contrast and tastes really good. The Har Gau or steamed shrimp dumplings is always a favorite. It is a translucent  dumpling made with wheat starch skin and tapioca to give it that stretchy texture. It is typically filled with shrimp only but sometimes if you get lucky scallions and bamboo shoots are used. The Har Gau is hard to find as it is typically everyone's favorite. We waited around the longest for a basket of these. 
Overall, our dim sum experience at Ocean City was pretty good. Despite the crowds of people, the service was pretty good for dim sum standards. We ended up eating way too much and only paid $30 for a table of two. Where else can you find such a grand feast for so little?Well, this particular location I believe undergo many changes ever since I was young. One of your favorite destination for weddings and that is about it. Today it is not a bad spot for dim sum. In fact it is one of the better locations in city in term of food and service. However, I still prefer Ocean Harbor because of the variety in food.  Check it out though, but only for dim sum.Unsure whether it was the food or my stomach that day, but after having a few dishes, it didn't feel quite well. I attribute it to the possibility of too much oil, but I know dim sum is generally on the oilier side too. Options are average and they do have most of the essentials. Their egg tarts are very well made too with the crust delicately balanced between flakiness and crispiness and the center, a mildly sweet, jelly consistency. I was also pleasantly satisfied by their satay squid which I haven't seen at other dim sum places before. In terms of the waiting, it was quite crowded when we had arrived around 1pm on a week day since they hadn't opened the second floor. So going around lunch time, you can expect there to be some wait time.Chrysanthemum tea with 3 cubes of sugar
a plate of soy sauce loaded with pepper and oil
3 orders of ha-gow
2 orders of tripe...
(a nice parking spot)
and I'm set to go. This is my idea of a typical Sunday breakfast :)
Service is prompt and the dimsum ladies are friendly. If you ask for something additional, i.e. water or a to-go box, you will definitely get it. The managers are nice and will even pull out the chair for the females (a pleasant surprise).Okay. So my colleagues told me about this place, I told them the only place I ate in Philly with Dim Sum carts is Joy Tsin Lao, they said that place is crap. I was shocked.. So the next week they organized a lunch trip to Ocean City.. we came early because they said that it can get pack.. We got seated right away and they went to grab most of the selections (2 orders each).. As soon as I tried the shumai both pork and shrimp.. I told them.. you guys are right... They were flavorful and has the exact ingredients and consistency that I like... I ate 4 shrimp and 4 pork shumai.. then I tried the pork buns.. they were okay.. nothing special.. then comes the sticky rice and I paired it with the ribs... WOW!!! IT was awesome! Make sure to put some hot chili oil! I ate whatever is on the table and it was really good! Now comes the dessert... The sesame ball (buchi in Tagalog) was the best buchi I've ever had!!!! I ate 4 pieces!!! It's that good! And the sponge cake they gave us ? Wow!!!it was .. a non horrible dim sum.  service was good, food was kind of weird at times.  seemed like everything had pork in it.  chicken satay tasted like fish.  sauteed bok choy was cold & super-oily.  atmosphere had something to be desired.  probably not going back.Arrived around 11 am on Sunday.Excellent, inexpensive dim sum (got 20 medium dishes and five large for about $89)! Plenty of ha gao, shumai, chicken feet, tripe, sticky rice, tofu hua. Very clean, fast service. But we never got to eat the rice noodle roll, which is one of my favorite dishes.Authentic food !!! Very crowded. No seating arrangement, grab ur own table as fast as u can when u see one.I came here yesterday with a whole bunch of relatives for their dim sums. Being a typical Sunday afternoon, the restaurant was very packed. We had to stand in line for 15 minutes before being seated. The atmosphere was very hectic and crowded. I stepped out to take a phone call and during the time that I was gone, someone swiped my chair!! The food was just okay. The shrimp dumplings and the sui mai tasted the same as any other restaurant. My friend recommended me the fried rice, which to my surprise, contains little chunks of undissolved salt. Needless to say, this is one of the restaurants that I would only be returning to if I am either desperate, starving, or being forced to.I was invited by my friends to try out ocean city for the first time. I'm totally in love with Chinese food, but my experience here was not that great. The food here is average. I did not find anything fancy about the chefs special. Also, the servers does not smile which makes me terrified for asking them for help.This was my first non-vegetarian dim sum place that I went to in Philly. Speaking of which, I was quite surprised there's a such thing as vegetarian dim sum. Anyways, the place was very standard and tasted good for the most part but didn't wow me.
I think the restaurant has two floors of dining rooms with some pretty large tables available for bigger parties. This is a steam cart place and you will get plenty of hawking of plates. Some items are offered via waiter coming around with a tray (the cruller rice rolls and so forth). If you want something in particular or if you want more than the server has to offer of something they go out of their way to order it immediately from the kitchen for delivery later.
The dishes themselves all seemed to be the medium or large price. We never happened upon a small dish (which is really pretty normal these days). They tasted pretty good but again didn't encourage me to chow down the rest of the plate. Portions were respectable for the price but could have been bigger. Lastly, I never got the fried taro dumplings I hoped to find but perhaps I just missed it. It's a pretty standard thing and would be unfortunate not to offer.
I'd definitely come back to this place but would want to check out some other dim sum places (I'm assuming there are others) first. The problem will be getting my vegan partner to come along to try.The dim sum wad okay , I think the manager should watch over the woman who worked at the cash registers . She has no smile to the customer and super rude .One of the better options for dim sum in Philly's Chinatown! I've been here a few times and the food is consistently pretty good. As for any dim sum place, expect a wait if you arrive later on weekends (after ~10:30 am I would say). They serve their dim sum in carts and you can ask the waiters/servers to place orders/get something for you if you don't see it on the carts. Prices are decent, although pricier than Ocean Harbor (i think?). They have durian pastry here though so yum!! I would definitely be back again if I'm ever craving dim sum.I came here with my wife and daughter.  My daughter wanted dim sum and I always like going to places where they push the carts.   We got here around 1:15 and waited for less than 10 minutes.  The lady with the cart came right over and we went to town.  We ordered 8 small dishes, one medium dish and the salted, fried shrimp dish.  
Everything was really good.  All the food was fresh and was yummy.  Although the servers speak limited English, they know enough where you can communicate with them.
And the cost is a DEAL.
Overall, if you want good dim sum, you should check out this place.This is a sad review as I liked Ocean City Restaurant a few years ago. It used to be packed lines out the door and the dim sum food was fresh and decent service. Now it's like a broken down place. We went on a Sunday afternoon 12PM and the place had plenty of seats, which should've been the 1st red flag. Well the place on the 1st floor felt like 90 degrees inside, like they can't afford AC or something, probably one of the hottest restaurants I've been in. 
The service was non existential, I kept asking for cold water but nobody came and we ended up never getting any cold water.
If the food was good then at least we could give it a few stars but no the food was not good. The shrimp I'm told tasted very fishy and warm not even hot. The beef ha ga tasted strange and filled with fat and fillers. The actual pork and bone dim sum was also very fatty. We had a few more but nothing was memorable compared to the 1st time. Maybe chef changed but it's definitely gone downhill and we won't be back considering there's plenty more great places around. 
Lastly, it was so hot we ended up eating halfway and going to Sang Kee. I got cold water immediately no asking thank god!Drove up from Baltimore for Dim Sum we found this place 
. Planet very good food. 
We enjoyed the food and atmosphere 
I recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes good Dim SumI've only been here for Dim Sum on the weekends. It's a typical dim sum restaurant with dim sum carts, unlimited tea refills and shot-y service. Philly has limited dim sum choices and this place is one of the better ones. When you sit down, they'll ask you what kind of tea you'd like. I like to get Red Tea because they say that helps with digestion,however, it is pretty boring. If you're looking for something different (read: floral), try the chrysanthemum tea that comes with rock sugar. After you order your tea just sit and wait for the ladies pushing carts around filled with dim sum goodness to come around and then point at what looks good. The dim sum variety has the usual suspects "har gau" (which look like white wontons but are shrimp and chestnuts wrapped in rice flour skin and steamed, "pai gou" (which are pork riblets in a soysauce/ black bean sauce), "siew mai" (ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms in a egg skin), "niu xiong" (ground pork with water chestnuts, scallions and wrapped in a rice flour and drizzled with sweet soy. there is a version of this with a Chinese cruller that is divine), "loua mee fan" (sticky rice with chinese sausages, ground pork wrapped in a lotus leaf and steamed) and "lo ba gong" which are turnip cakes mixed with chinese sausages and pan fried. Nom, nom, nom! 
Hopefully, you don't require other during your dim sum adventure because service here is lacking.  It gets pretty crowded, however, the wait time is never more than 30 mins (I suppose that is long). When you get in, find the guy in charge and tell him how many are in your party. He often walks around the restaurant so you'll have to be on the look out!Went here for dim sum on Saturday afternoon at about 12. The restaurant is on the smaller side but we were seated pretty quickly for the place being full up. Being a life-long lover of dim sum, this place was a pleasant surprise!
The food on the carts is fresh and the flavors are on point. The mini ribs are actually some of the best I've had. To sacrifice for the freshness of food though, there was a little less variety than I would've liked. However it makes sense because this is a relatively smaller restaurant. 
The servers were shockingly nice and not pushy. Probably some of the best service I've ever experienced at a busy dim sum spot. 
Overall, would definitely come here again!Not bad, but also not the best I've had. 
We went for dim sum on a Friday afternoon. It wasn't too busy and we were immediately seated. 
We ordered many different dishes. Although everything was tasty enough, I thought it was kind of average. Carts come by pretty regularly; however, I thought there wasn't so much variety. I don't know if there's more on weekends... 
Staff is very friendly and they speak English.The restaurant has two floors with the first floor more fancy than the second floor.  The second floor is set up for large gatherings.  Bathroom is decent.  Dim sum is alright with the best thing the shrimp dumplings.  The dim sum noodles is ordered a la carte with waitresses coming to ask which of the noodles do you want to order. Overall, a decent dim sum cart experience.Dim sum restaurants seem to draw strong opinions, or maybe it's just restaurants in general.
     We ended up here with friends by "accident". Initially we went to try another restaurant that apparently was out of a ton of their dim sum options (the other place did not have cart service) so we left and walked next door to this place. Happy we ended up here.
     For my take, it's been one of the better dim sum restaurants with cart service that I've been to in Philly. Walking in at about noon, we got a table almost immediately We were sent to the upstairs dining room and at first I was concerned it might be out of place a bit. NOPE! They had plenty of carts circulating frequently and there were also people constantly bringing out fresh food from the kitchen. While busy, people came by the tables often and always had dishes hot and available. I won't get into details, but we really enjoyed all the food.
     Prices were also very good. I'd take a guess that maybe we had around 12-14 dishes and the total bill for the 4 of us was about $50. I'm a big eater, and we were also quite full. Glad it was a nice day to walk around afterwards.
     I'd highly recommend giving this place a try for weekend dim sum.We usually stop for Dim Sum at other locations in Philly's China Town, but wanted to venture out and try a few other places. Ocean City was at the top of the list based on some reviews. The wait was much shorter than we are usually used to, and service was very prompt and helpful. There did seem to be a much more limited variety of Dim Sum to choose from, but when we asked for items we did not see the waitress was able to bring it to us later. We were all very happy with the quality of food and dining experience.It's an average dim sum restaurant you find in Philadelphia. Average food and average service. A+ for being authentic and all but they really need to pick up their game. 
The service is a hit or miss. When it's super busy, the servers tend to skip over you. But when it's an average crowd, the service is decent. So always get here earlier then the morning and lunch rush. 
I'm not sure if the carts have trouble going around the restaurant but it took forever to get food. However when you do get the food there's no variety. Just your basic dim sum cuisine like ha gao, fried shrimp, congee, and meat dumplings. Nothing really stood out. I don't know why though because there's literally three dim sum restaurants just in a block radius from this place. You would expect them to have some special item because of the competition  but I guess it's not the case. 
So if you want a basic dim sum meal for a cheap price, you can come here.Worst expeience ever!  We got here early for their dimsum cause they are just really good.  They weren't ready to open yet but we were told to sit in and start ordering.  Then the nightmare begins.  We waited for 30mins for nothing and everyone who came in with us had already got their food.  SO i kindly ask the manager who let us in and she said she would check for us.  Then a worker came out and started screaming at us to be patient.  WTF?! And the whole hour and half we were there, she kept walking by and dropping nasty comments even after the manager stopped by and apologized for her mistake.  Then a dimsum cart wheeled by, so i ordered like i always do. .she accused me for ordering the wrong thing and made me take it.
I have been coming for over 3 years and my family and friends love their food.  I have never had an experience so bad that I have to write a review like this.  The food is still good but the service is horrible.  It's so bad it made my stomach turn.  I will never come back EVER again and I would tell my friends and family to do the same. 
The manager is so sweet though. Thru out the whole time, she kept apologizing and doing her job. The employees, not so much.Came on Thursday, barely any selection on the cart for dim sum.  Order from menu, the fish is totally over cook and veggie is under season....
Service is horrible, the servers ignore everyone..and was yelling at each other. Very disappointing. Don't recommendDecent dim sum experience, but really limited selection. I went with a friend on a weekday, and the dim sum was at least fresh and hot in the carts. A lot of the same dishes, however, ended up circulating, and the service wasn't very attentive.
Came here also for a banquet, and the banquet items were pretty ordinary for that kind of occasion. Was pretty shocked to see "mixed fruit salad" listed as a dessert and only orange slices being served. I'll just eave it at that.I've been here so many times with my family over the years and there is a reason for that! This place is perfect. There is a variety of dimsum that you can choose from, the staff is friendly, the owners come out to greet the customers and offer discounts/free tea. Its the little things that makes us feel welcomed and want to come back.
They have the typical dimsum options that is cooked fresh in the kitchen and served right away. Local favorites are the chicken feet, shrimp dumplings, sui mai, and beef tripe. They start cooking the lunch/dinner entrees at 11am so if you're not in the mood for dimsum (or want both), go after 11am. But there will be a line and they don't take reservations for dimsum (only dinner). They stop serving dimsum around 2-3pm. 
I definitely recommend this restaurant if you're ever in town.Ocean City is my go-to for dim sum in Philly.  Compared to the other cart dim sum places in the city, this one has the best ambiance--a clean, calm, bright, family-filled environment with really sweet waiters.  The dim sum is your normal fair, nothing out of the ordinary but always consistently good and we always have a very good, very filling and very cheap meal here.  
I would say that Philly newcomer Nom Wah's dim sum might be better because it is a la carte (items are fresher right out of the steamer or fryer) and they have a few items that are unique, but we still choose Ocean City 2 out of 3 times anyway.  Very fond of it!I've been to Chinatown many times but missed out this spot. The restaurant located at a corner of Chinatown, near Franklin square, and less crowded. 1st floor is for dim sum restaurant that I haven't tried it yet. 2nd floor is for private events and it's where i attended a traditional Chinese wedding banquet. The room is good for a small size wedding. Tables and chairs were set up so close to each other. 
There were 11 Chinese courses with nice presentation. Crabmeat soup, Walnut shrimp were tasty. Lobster and crab with ginger and scallions was good but kind of oily for my taste. Fried rice and stir-fried noodle was average. Last but not least, Sautéed fillet flounder on top of crispy fin was winner of the night in my opinion. I can't say deep fried foods are healthy but the crispy fin got people's attention and was gone quickly while it's still hot ! 
11 courses were a lot of food to handle in one night. However it's a tradition and people do it for a reason. Each course represents meaning of good life for a newly wed couple and balance with Ying and Yang  :)Wow finally good dim sum on the east coast. Coming from Queens, I wish there was a place of the same quality in Flushing. 
Service was good, they take credit cards, .... speak English (makes the experience easier for everyone). The food was delicious!
other than the daikon cakes that were cold, everything tasted great.
Ordered about 12 dishes for $35, not too bad for weekendsIt's a little pricey for a chinese restaurant in Chinatown, BUT they shrimp with walnuts is so so so good. They have a full bar, and they validate your parking.The owner of this restaurant is so nice!!!! Very delicious and authentic Cantonese dim sum!!! Strongly recommend! I will come back soon!One of a number of dim sum options in the Chinatown area, it serves up similar dim sum options as the other joints nearby. Bonus coming here is that it's not as well-known so it tends not to be as busy as the others that are on Race St & are subsequently much more crowded. Came here for lunch with church friends. Have to say that service here can be hit or miss. Waiters tend not to be as attentive as they should be in regards to keeping drinks filled or even coming around at a relatively frequent interval. Dim sum dishes are small and as such, people tend to finish them off quite quickly & are need of regular service. In general, the food here is okay, not mind-blowing or inedible but rather quite average & no more. Shu mai, beef, pork, egg tarts, shrimp rolls, beef balls, bean curd, you name it, you can find most standard dim sum dishes available here. As such, this joint deserves the rating just given. Could benefit from adding more options to its variety & better service in general. Not a bad option although certainly far from being the best.Bad management and service. Here for dim sum and carts are serving from the kitchen and then to the front. By the time it gets to the front, there isn't anymore food. Ordered a noodle dish and we waited for 20 minutes. After the 21st minute we asked the "manager" what's going on while he's joking with a co-worker and he looked at our bill and he just laughs and runs off to the kitchen. Doesn't say a damn apology or anything. I know Chinese restaurants don't have the best service but this day f'n sucks. Never coming back here for dim sum again.Having tried most of the offerings in Chinatown for dim sum, Ocean City Seafood is our go to restaurant.  The service is good, as well as the dim sum.  
The variety varies depending on the time we go; get there too early and some of our favorites are not available yet.  Get there too late and you have to wait for a table.  
They do offer the basics: steamed and baked roast pork buns, shui mai, har gow, steamed spareribs and desserts, as well as traditional items like chickens feet, tripe, porridge and other steamed and baked items.
While it is located away from the other restaurants, it is worth the extra walk!Was surprised. It's actually a good dimsum place in Philly. The cost end up to be around $20 per head, and they was a lot of leftover so we had to go boxes. Loveeee the durian pastry and the shrimp chowfun. A bit packed during lunch time but amazing for Sunday brunch with family.We love the dim sum here. I always bring a group and everyone finds things they enjoy. It's always jammed and a mob scene, just like dim sum should be. The carts come around frequently. all the items are fresh-tasting and at the right temperature. They have all the usual suspects, like siu mai and pork bao, etc. But they also have a variety of more audacious items, like chicken feet (two different preparations), steamed pork liver, two preparations of tripe, and much more. The servers are very nice and helpful. I had vegans, GFs and vegs in the group and managed to get everyone full and happy.Don't chase me down for a tip when we had to chase you down for the food they sat my parents and I in the corner and very few carts even came back to us my dad had to go looking for them I've been to many other dim sum places and will certainly not be returning to this one worst service I've ever had in my life felt like we were robbed please don't waste your time or moneyThis Restaurant is outstanding. The food especially the dim sum is very nice. It can be noisy but it's welcoming with a nice staff. I've been coming here forever!Don't recommend anyone to come here. I found a big eggs shell in our food. They didn't even say sorry beside ignoring us.I had dim sum here after we did the March of Dimes walk.  This place is pretty decent.  Nothing too fantastic here.  This is about the same quality as Ocean Harbor.  Still, I would have to say the best dim sum would be Joy Tsin Lau.This review is for the last few times that I was here which has been a while back. They have the worst customer service here and the food was mediocre. We had to wait a while to get our drinks refilled and our table was not cleaned down in a timely manner to add more dishes. When the bill came, the  cashier  was adding up all the dishes quickly along with a few extra bucks for tea that  we  didn't  get. Beware! Turned out she added one extra dish that we didn't get. I felt this was their way of racking up a few extra bucks from every customer without u noticing. I had to point it out to the  cashier and she subtracted from  her mistakes. Here is the worst part, we decided they did not deserve any tip because of their poor customer service. You tip based on good service and it is entirely optional. Now, shame on them for chasing after me when I walked out the door. The waiter had the nerve to ask me to leave a tip as if it was mandatory. It wasn't even a large party with automatic gratuity. It was only my husband and I. Never again!I was first introduced to this restaurant by a Chinese friend when I first moved to Philadelphia.  Their entrees used to be very good, but I feel their quality has degraded in recent years.  Their dimsum service on weekends is nothing to write home about either.  Since they don't even provide free parking stamps for the parking lot across the street, my motivation to go back there has been reduced even further....YUM! So before I came here I looked up reviews and I was a bit skeptical based on some of them but decided to give it a shot anyways. When we arrived, the staff was super courteous as we were bouncing around from table to table since more people than we expected arrived with our party.
The service was prompt. I ordered the half duck for $16 and holy crap did I get a BANG for my buck. It was huge and delicious and came with all sorts of toppings and this scrumptious sticky bread (see photo). Everyone at my table wanted a bite, and then some! The other dishes I sampled were also pretty yummy as were the dumpling appetizers (we ordered every kind of dumpling they had). The only super gross dish was this bitter melon thing which I literally had to spit out and wash down with an entire glass of water but hey it wasn't what I ordered. 
Highly recommended!Dim sum was at best mediocre and surprisingly a step up from their bad service. Oh and good luck deciphering your check if you don't speak Chinese (apparently they're great at double charging or just  plain screwing you over). And you better tip to their liking, cause if not cause they'll try to call you out in public.