University city does not have a lot of sushi restaurant   so when I have the craving this is the spot to run too. Ambience is dim and clean. The price is reasonable - especially during lunch. It's doesn't have a big sign so it's really easy to miss so keep in mind it's next to Wawa. Anyway, affordable sushi spot and conveniently located if you live between Upenn/or Drexel.Bummer dude. 
On a stroll through University City, I made the impromptu choice to stop into Ochatto when I read their lunch special Bento box. For $10 and some change, I got a side of miso soup, 3 pieces of the house Cali roll, tempura shrimp, veg, and chicken, and brown rice. It was a lot of food for a cheap price - win! 
However, the food itself was dismal and disappointing. The "tempura veg" was a thin slice of sweet potato in a thick, greasy coating. The tempura chicken, while cooked thoroughly, was cold like it had been sitting out for hours, as was the brown rice. The house Cali roll was bizarre, unlike any California roll I've ever had. It was like the chefs just grabbed whatever was lying around and stuffed a piece of shrimp in with it. It had pickled onion and some other undetermined neon vegetable. It was, in a word, yucky. The miso soup was the only thing I mildly enjoyed, but miso is miso. 
I doubt I'd give this place another chance. There are many other options out there.It's at a very convenient location. Get seated soon after arrival. 
I ordered black cod bento lunch box and bubble milk tea. Lunch box came with three pieces Cali roll and Tempura.
First, the Cali roll that came were very loose. I don't like the shimp tempura that much. Black cod is too fishy. Maybe be I will try something else next time.Fairly inexpensive asian food with a variety of Chinese and Japanese options! Service can be hit or miss, but the wait times are usually short.Great place for Japanese, whether it be take out or dine in.  Good sushi and modest pricing makes this place a great one for college students, and foodies alike.Trendy decor, however the food wasn't quite what I hoped. I'm vegetarian and had the veg soup with hand-drawn noodles and the veg dumplings. Both were good, however I would have preferred more vegetables in the soup (as well as some tofu) and the dumplings tasted mostly of onion.Simple, quick, no frills lunch options. 
I may be biased (or spoiled) about my sushi, but I have yet to find a sushi place in Philly that wows. 
The atmosphere is good. I love the decorating though the sound really carries in there. They have a to-go counter right when you walk in. 
I came in around 1:30 so I ordered from the lunch menu. I opted for the $9 two sushi roll deal, and a salad (miso soup was the other option). I chose the white tuna and avocado roll and the oshinko (pickled radish, though the menu doesn't tell you that) roll. In most sushi places I go to I like to order white tuna rolls and a vegetable roll. 
The salad came out very fast. The ginger dressing was great. The rolls came out fast too, but the taste was very basic. The oshinko and white tuna didn't taste like others I've had before. The waiter brought the check before I was ready because I wanted to order a bubble tea before going. He couldn't explain the size difference between the small and large so I went with the small. It tasted good but had a lot of boboa in it! I didn't finish it. 
Next time: I'll try something more substantial from the main menu.Never EVER go to this place. I found MOUSE droppings in my salad. I had ordered from them when they first opened and the food was not bad but also not good. I decided to give them a second chance, and I found mouse poop in my food! If I could give 0 stars I would! I ordered the chicken teriyaki, which I ate some of unfortunately, before finding the mouse poop, and it was soupy, but it didn't taste bad. After finding mouse poop in my salad though I threw everything out. I complained and sent a picture of the poop to them and they refused to give me a refundThis is a place I always go with friends whoever came visit me. Definitely should try their special roll out! I love out of control and volcano there. Also try their Yaki udon if you would like some salty thing. I didn't get to taste their hibachi yet but I heard it's tasty too! The only thing is they get so busy during dinner so you may request a 5-10mins waiting. But it's totally worthy spending waiting time with your friends!The bubbles weren't fully cooked, so the consistency was off :'( The service wasn't very friendly and one of my friends' orders was messed up. My friend saw the table next to us get sashimi and it looked frozen.
It's a good location on Penn's campus so I will come back when I'm in the area, but it's nothing special.The food is fine. But the girl works at cash register at the bubble tea area is not friendly at all!!3.5 stars. 
The noodle soups here are really good. Although most people get the hand-drawn noodles, I prefer the shaved noodles. Unfortunately, the fish here doesn't taste that fresh so I would only get cooked dishes here. I also recommend the BBQ eel sauteed udon noodles.  The bubble tea is here made out of powder and you can definitely taste it, and the bubbles are hard.
In terms of service, it can be slow but the staff is nice. The interior is modern and clean. There can be a wait during peak times.Came in having already received warnings from friends to not eat the sushi/sashimi, or try the bubble tea. So that being said I ordered the sliced noodles, with all the vegetables. Broth was good, noodles were nicely done. Vegetables were probably frozen but I didn't take too much notice of it. The entire thing definitely tasted better with some hot chili oil. Overall, I came in not expecting much which was for the best since I didn't get anything more than exactly that.Fantastic Japanese food in University City. How I wish this place was right next door to me. Loved the calamari with mango sauce, vegetable sautéed udon, delish sushi. I appreciated that I could get a bubble tea and could select the sugar level I wanted, as I don't like sweet drinks. Everything was so tasty!This place was okay. I think the lunch bento box was a pretty good deal (3 pieces of sushi, soup or salad, tempura, and a variety of entrees to choose from) but the food was just ok. We also ordered milk tea and thai iced teas that were not very good. I would go again for lunch if i was craving Japanese just because of the cost-effectiveness but I wasn't blown away by anything I ate and I definitely would not order the drinks again.Decent noodles and sushi
Good bubble tea too
Due to prices and location convenience for students, and decent food, I give it 4/5
Sometimes service is slow or not as welcomingI had the Thai iced tea with bubbles - easily the worst Thai tea I've ever had. It didn't taste like Thai tea at all and seemed like it was watered down a lot. My friend and I also shared three rolls (avocado eel roll, spicy tuna roll, and spider roll) which were decent. However, the waiter threw major shade at us when we said we'd just be sharing the three rolls, probably due to the fact that they have a 3 rolls for $14 deal at dinner. He insisted the deal was for one person (even though there were no details or exceptions to the deal written on the menu), and although he didn't stop us from sharing, I thought this was rude. Neither of us would've been able to eat all three rolls on our own and I don't understand why we can't choose to eat what we order however we want. If they don't want us to do that then take the deal off the menu.This place is at convenient location which is mostly why I come here. I personally think their soup noodle is the best dish - sushi and bento box are below average. Get the hand drawn noodle when you are here!Cool sushi spot with really fast service. The ambience says fancy-casual but you won't have to break the bank. I love the soft shell crab roll. Got the special where you can get 3 rolls for $14 and I was stuffed. The fried ice cream and fried cheesecake were worth the cheat day! Great space in university city especially if you do not want to go to center city.I wish I could give this place 0 stars.
Let me start by saying my boyfriend and I have come here several times when it was called "Chattime" and never had a complaint. I brought my roommate, her fiance, and her sister here last night and get this story:
So I check online to see what time they close. It says they close at 11, so we head on in at 9:50 for dinner. We are quickly sat, our orders placed, and our food delivered. At about 10:05, 30 seconds after our meal is delivered, the waitress comes over with our check, saying that the hostess needs to close the register so we need to pay. With our hot food getting cold, we hesitantly agree to pay, assuming she would leave the check there and come pick it back up. No, she stood there and waited for us to figure out our bill and who got what on the check...as our food was getting cold. None of us had even taken a bite yet. So we give her the cards and she comes back, having messed up the credit cards. It was fine, there was just a $2 difference so we figured it out.Then she comes back a about a minute later to pick up the slips. We hadn't even signed it yet and, yet again, she stands there waiting for us. Eventually she leaves and we start eating.
The food was delicious, as always.
So at about 10:15 the two other tables in the restaurant leave, they start sweeping around us and spraying the tables next to us with chemicals, turn off the music and...get this...turn off the lights! We were confused but we kept eating. I mean, they wouldn't have served us 10 minutes ago if they were closing, right? At 10:20 (I know, because I kept track of the time), the server comes over and tells us that they are closed and that we have to leave. Mind you, were were still eating and had half full plates. I politely tell her that the website says they closed at 11 and that we were going to finish our meals. She rolls her eyes and huffs away.
One minute later the manager (I assume) comes over and says "So the waitress tells me we have a problem over here" and I explain to him that the website says they close at 11, we just got our food, and we are going to finish our meal that we paid for. He responds very rudely by saying "Well the website is wrong, We close at 10:15 and it's time to go." At this point we were all very upset. Were we really being kicked out of restaurant at 10:24 when they "closed" at 10:15? The answer is yes. 
I am confused as to why they didn't let us know when we sat down that they closed in a few minutes, why they delivered food at 10:05 and expected us to eat it in 10 minutes, and how in the world a business kicks customers out less than 10 minutes after they closed. I work in a restaurant, and have worked in many restaurants in my life, and would never in a million years kick somebody out who was still eating. It's not like we were taking our time and they had closed an hour ago! 
Anyways, we will not be back until this situation is rectified. I don't know if they changed managers/owners when the name changed, but I highly recommend you boycott this place. It's not worth it to be treated like absolute dirt.I tried Ochatto for lunch & had a sushi/sashimi combo. 
Sushi combo was mediocre. Fish was okay but not super fresh. One piece of sashimi was still partially frozen. Roll was a boring avocado & cucumber roll. 
I cannot recommend Ochatto for sushi. They have other foods on the menu & it may be that their sushi is particularly bad, so I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 star on this review.This is my personal favorite for food at a reasonable price in University City.  The soups are savory and come with handmade noodles, which you can watch them craft if you eat at the restaurant. The sushi is very fresh and there are many specialty rolls which are well-crafted and tasty. Plus, you can get them for a good price as part of the lunch specials.I'm not really sure how to review this since EVERY TIME I TRY TO ORDER DELIVERY THEY ARE NOT TAKING ORDERS! This is the third time I've tried to order dinner (7:30PM on a Friday night) and they are not taking delivery orders. You can't really say you deliver IF YOU DON'T. I was super excited to try this but I guess it wasn't in the stars for us.My go to place for sushi (3 for $14). My combination is always 2 spiders and 1 shrimp tempura, can never go wrong! But thats the only thing I'd order from there. I've had the soup noodles and bento box before. I found the soup noodles to be bland and the meats in the bento box to be dry. The bubble tea is alright.
They really need to label their vinegar soy and regular soy sauce bottles. They're the same color and in the same bottles and they look identical. It's annoying to have to pour it out and taste it or try to smell which one is which. It's also extremely dim inside the restaurant, I highly suggest they do something about the lighting.
Service is mediocre. I have always felt rushed to leave every time I've been there, even if it wasn't busy at all! The waiter occasionally checks to see if you're finished and as soon as you're done, he brings the check to your table. Mind him, I just finished my last bite and am still trying to digest! Also the ladies running the bubble tea section can be rude at times. As if she was rushing me and could care less if I wanted to order or not. She would always ask "are you ready?" "Are you ready now?" "Are you ready yet?". This was also when it wasn't busy and I was the only one there at the station. Also it was evident I wasn't standing directly at the cashier and was standing away trying to look at the menu.
That being said, this is the only place with decent sushi around campus aside from their cons.I came here for a great experience with my girls after an even at U Penn. Drinks Great. Food Good.  Daughter drops phone.  Picks it up and IT IS STUCK TO A MOUSE TRAP!!!!  
A DAMN MOUSE TRAP.  To the person who has a mouse dropping in her salad I believe you.  We got no sorry.  No discount. Nothing.  I left the waitress her 18 percent tip.  But I WILL NOT Come to this establishment again.  
Period.  We had noddles stir fry with spicy shrimp.(3.5 stars) Great spot for a sit down lunch with a friend. There are a lot of quick, cheap bites around the area that aren't necessarily ideal for meeting up with someone. Although it's a bit pricier than places around, the lunch special is a great deal considering the price, quality, and portions. And they offer complimentary green tea!
Both the beef negimaki and the steak teriyaki bento boxes were solid options, with a slight preference for the negimaki (more unique preparation and taste). The bento boxes are served with soup or salad, shrimp and vegetable tempura, rice and some sushi. The sushi is a bit disappointing but the rest certainly gets the job done. It's always hard to choose between the soup and salad, if only it came with both...The food is fake Japanese style! Maybe it's because it is made by Chinese cook. 
I have eat three times but I never like it!
But if you have to eat there, you can try their
Udong. It's the only thing eatable for me.I go there a lot because I live right across the street from it. I have tried mostly everything, but I only recommend the noodles. Their bubble teas are a bit too sweet, so get half sugar if you will.Bubble tea isn't that great -- go to Winterfell. I came here about 15 minutes after the opening at 11:15 am and they took forever so I wouldn't recommend going if you're on a time constraint. The food itself, like the miso soup, is pretty good. I recommend the noodle soups over the sushi.I am not sure why they changed the name (Chattime), but everything is exactly the same. The beef noodles here are pretty decent, you get what you pay for. This time, a friend and I got the love boat ($48 for like the equivalent of miso soup, salad, 2 rolls, and a bamboo ship stocked with sashimi. Not a fan of the way they cut their sashimi, it's too thick. Also, there were two or three scales still attached to some of the salmon sashimi. Ochatto is okay. If you need a boba fix this is your place when you're next to campus. Other than that, nothing here is that special.The food was just average. I ordered soy paper instead of seaweed and wasn't impressed. My rolls also fell apart as I was eating them. Just average sushi in my opinion. Not bad but not that delicious either.Normally I only go for bubbletea because it's the only thing they make good. I've had the food before and it tasted as if it was cooked in old grease and the beef in the ramen was tough. They also charged me TWICE for a transaction and when informing the manager, I was told they only charged me once and it was a problem with my bank.... Yeah.. Wells Fargo who has been around for years isn't going to lie about a merchant charging a customer twice. And the fact they blamed my bank makes it seems as if the people at their bubble tea bar are thieves... I work close by and am a manager and will remind my clientele NOT to use credit cards there if they choose to purchase from this place...I eat here for lunch at least once a month, often more. They provide good food at good prices in a timely fashion. I'm a fan of their sushi as well as their noodle soups. I also love their Nata Jelly Milk Green Tea drink, and have been known to get that for take-out once a week. It's only place I've found on Penn's campus that has good sushi.Hands down my FAVORITE hand-pulled noodle place in Philly. I am a huge hand-pulled noodles fan and I recently discovered Ochatto-- it's the closest to the authentic noodles I had in China. The service was amazing; They remember what I order every time and know my special requirements (I'm a little picky on my noodles). The interior design is modern and comforting-- Way to go Next Generation Asian Restaurants!located in what would be the side-basement of Samsom Place East. This place is extremely convenient for all the student dwellers who are hungry but want to stray away from fast food (or chicken tenders.) Ochatto serves a combination of sushi rolls and also chinese-style/hand-drawn soups. They also serve taiwanese bubble tea. 
last night, when i didn't want to eat my leftover mac + cheese (sigh) i decided to order food from Ochatto. I got the crunchy spicy salmon roll, and seaweed salad. The seaweed salad portion is HUGE and cost $5.00 and the salmon roll comes with six pieces and cost $6.00. $11  for sushi??? that's pretty reasonable since buying a super-market sushi pack costs about the same. 
so far, i wasn't blowwwwn away from ochatto's food, but it hits the sushi spot and i'm a big fan of consistency. this will probably end up being my go-to spot when i'm craving a lighter dinner.I'm a fan of the ramen bowls and sushi here. It's tasty and filling, with good portion sizes for the price. Unfortunately their takoyaki is quite subpar. It's tasteless, with little sauce and no seaweed on it. Still, overall, the food is decent. It's not anything too special but it's filling and enjoyable.
Unfortunately the service leaves something to be desired. The waiters are friendly, but forgetful. Nearly every time I go there, something is forgotten. If you're lucky it will just be water, but my friends seem to have bad luck with their orders being entirely forgotten until they ask about it after waiting for an hour. When it's not a busy hour and the waiters have a notepad they write on, one has to wonder how people can slip through the cracks so easily.Came here with a friend who raved about the noodle soup broth. The interior was a bit dark for my taste but it was nice, sleek, and modern. I always thought of Ochatto as just a bubble tea place so I hadn't been expecting so much seating. 
I went with the Japanese Roast Pork noodle soup with hand drawn noodles. A little risky because I knew the broth was Chinese-style, but I'd been craving tonkatsu ramen for days so I thought pork was worth a try. The broth didn't disappoint! It was flavorful with a lot of depth, including some sweetness (think pho). The menu does say it's beef-based but in my opinion it still paired well with the pork. A lot of cilantro on top which I'm not too fond of. Noodles were average with a good amount of bite. The pork was super yummy! Flavorful and tender, almost melting in my mouth at times. There was some bokchoy as well. Their chili oil that you can add on your own is also yummy- I'm a fan!Not impressed, specialty roll was nasty and boring. Will not return. Seafood soup was also bland with no flavor. Had to return the seaweed salad because it was old, too wet and gross.Came here twice and thought both times were just okay. The only reason why I came back was because I had a business work lunch there.
Food I got:
-Pan fried shaved noodles combo
-Tofu Appetizer (Pretty good for the price)
-Beef brisket noodle soup
Service: Very good
Decor: CleanOchatto rock !!                                                                                        I came for dinner with a friend last week and we loved it . What I love is when you are welcomed with a smile and friendly service. The staff was awesome and attentive. The food also exceeded our expectations, very good presentation and with all types dishes on the menu they all executed very well .                                                        We start with couple appetites : tuna tartar, takoyaki, and did the chef's selection sashimi platter . All of these were good, paired nicely with a warm temperature saké.              We also shared the Mango Hawaii roll , sweet heart roll, Godzilla roll . Which were all fresh, well presented and delicious.  The sweet heart roll was really beautiful and nicely prepared. Mango Hawaii was in particular stood out . It has a lot of great flavors infused in it . Yum!       Overall everything was fantastic and we enjoyed it ! The food, the amazing wine selection, the service was impeccable, atmosphere were great and I would highly recommend trying it out . We will definitely come back . Thanks for a great experience!Update: I was FINALLY able to get a delivery order. The response time was average, don't expect lightening speed. BUT the food was excellent. I'm glad I was actually able to try this restaurant. The Dragon Ball: AMAZING! I would definitely recommend this. In fact, it was better than my entree. I should have ordered three. Big fan. 
After my original post the owner reached out to me and was not aware that GrubHub was being told that they were not accepting delivery orders. Hopefully everything with them was worked out. I'll eat here again (if they're delivering!).Food was okay, but service was appalling. The waitresses were constantly chatting, didn't say hello and were just outright rude.The sushi here is fresh and yummy!   A decent place to grab sushi when I am craving it during the work day.  The noodles are good too!
 I usually get a lunch special when I come here which is 2 rolls and a soup or salad for about $9.  If I am really hungry, I get the dinner special which is $14 and it includes 3 rolls.  I mix and match the rolls each time.  I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, but it isn't included in the lunch or dinner special, so sometimes I will go and just get that.  If I am getting a special, I tend to get the cooked scallop roll and ask for spicy sauce on the side so I can "make my own" spicy scallop roll...it isn't the same, but it will do.  Also, when ordering a special, sometimes the salad can be a little watery, (from the water left on the lettuce after washing maybe?)  so I tend to get the soup, or I don't get either if I am not in the mood for soup (which is often the case).  I am really picky about lettuce though, so its a personal thing that I do not like, I have not heard my coworkers complain when they get it.
Pick up service is great, usually pretty fast and waitstaff is friendly.
On the other hand, when I come here to sit down and eat at a table, the service can be a bit slow.  It also can seem like waitstaff might forget about you at times.  However, the food is very good and the location is convenient, so it is worth the wait.  Just a little frustrating to sit a long time when it isn't super crowded, and you need to get back to the office.
The restaurant is pretty dark, but it is relaxing for some reason, so whenever I come in here, stress from the day often melts away.  
The noodles are also really good, I don't get them often, but when I do, they are spot on!It's pretty cool that they roll their own noodles in front of you. Not the most amazing noodle soups I've had, but they're still a good meal. Their bubble teas are good, but I wouldn't recommend the green tea flavor. I'd say all around it's pretty good.I've got 14 check in's here and many more to come. As a student at Penn Ochatto is the best place to get your sushi fixing. However, because it's the only decently good, decently priced Asian food place in University City, you've got to deal with their shortcomings. Their lunch and dinner specials for sushi are great, and I always grab those for take out. If you're dining in, good luck getting your order in a timely manner and correctly served. Pro: the hand shaved noodles are actually amazing. Con: 50% of the time they get the order right and  you get some weird spaghetti instead. I recommend the bubble tea, as they have all the good flavors, it's pretty quick, and it's like 1 of 2 places to get bubble tea in the area (the other one is called Winterfell on 40 and Chestnut). I would give this a 5/5 for reliability, but the declining service over the years knocked them out a couple stars.I came here for lunch with a group yesterday, and was sorely disappointed. 
After getting seated at a too-small table, we each ordered lunch specials (salmon teriyaki for me, sushi for others). The food was forgettable and the portions were small, but the service was the worst part. Our waiter brought me the the wrong dish, forgot to bring napkins and utensils, and spilled teriyaki sauce all over our table and never cleaned it up. He was completely reactive -- rather than checking in on us proactively, he waited until we'd flag him down, and seemed visibly annoyed that we were taking up his time. 
When our bill arrived, we decided to leave a ~10% tip, since this reflected the quality of our experience. When our waiter saw this, he became incredibly argumentative and unprofessional -- he said he felt had had done a good job and that we shouldn't have made so many requests of him. And then he asked for a bigger tip!!! 
I've waitressed before, so I know it's no fun to get a bad tip. But the point of tipping is that it's an *optional* way to reward good service. Irrespective of that, it's completely unacceptable for a restaurant employee to harass customers in the way this waiter did. Clearly, we won't be back.The service here is absolutely terrible. The server literally said he could only take for credit card and then I asked him if I could speak to the manager and he said he would make this one exception for me. Although, the food it was really good and they do sushi rolls three for $14. So I would highly recommend coming but only if you're OK with paying cash.Me and my husband got a urge for sushi around 10:15pm. I searched for a nearby place and came across this restaurant. I, of course called ahead of time and they stated that the kitchen closed at 11. We arrived around 10:30. I should've know it was going to be a bad experience as soon as I opened the door. The "hostess" didn't greet us... Instead, she checked her makeup in a mirror and never bothered. We were seated by a waiter who just so happened to be walking by. Our butts weren't warm in our seats before we were asked to order. Feeling rushed we placed our order. Minutes after ordering our apps came out. I had miso soup which was luke warm and my husband had a side salad. Soon after, our sushi came out. I must admit it was pretty good. We both ordered California rolls, spicy crab rolls and shrimp tempura rolls. 5 min into eating the waiter came back with the check and said "pay me now please because the kitchen is closing". It was 10:45. I didn't know the kitchen closing had anything to do with paying a bill... Nonetheless we paid. As we continued eating trash for what seemed like the entire day passed by us.. Let me not forget to mention that there were others in the restaurant as well. At 10:59 to be exact another waitor approached us and stated that they were closed. After he spoke he walked back over to the group of employees who were standing probably arms length away from our table waiting for us to get up and leave. I have never felt so rushed at a restaurant in my life. Im guessing the people who were still seated were probably family members who had finished their shift because they weren't asked to leave. Needless to say I will NEVER visit this place again.I am a Drexel student and just found out about this restaurant a few weeks ago and have been coming multiple times a week since. This restaurant is absolutely amazing! Their food is fresh and made with love. The head chef is from another country so he brings over an absolutely unique chili oil that I can't get enough of. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to a friend. Come try it out now!I had their Japanese pork noodle soup with hand drawn noodles. It tasted AMAZING. The spices in the broth were so flavorful, even a day later and microwaved the soup was still good. Not sure what happened when other people had negative experiences, but if you come here you must try their soup. I also got their hibachi vegetables and an avocado salad. Those were good too, and I appreciated the generous amount of avocado they used.This is my favorite dine-in spot in University City!! will definitely come back. Food is good. Vibe is good and drinks are excellent. Get ur fatty beef! my favoriteReally liked the Chicken Teriyaki bento box lunch; lot of food, really tasty at reasonable price. Sushi rolls were decent size and good too. Definitely worth trying.Nice environment, I come here quite often. Food is amazing. Don't understand all the bad reviews, the fish was very fresh. The service was fast and efficient. All and all I was satisfied. Will be back for more noodles and sushi!Your service sucks and especially to those who serves at the bubble tea area that are extremely rude and beyond standard. Racism female server. I wish you the best with your waitressing career.I came with my friend and her brother. The hand drawn noodles are excellent!!! Rolls are awesome as well!! Big thumbs upppp! Her little brother just loves the house beef noodle soup and bubble tea!!!I came here for dinner with my friend on Monday. I was very satisfied with fast and friendly service!! And we ordered the sushi was  fresh ! 3 rolls just for 14 dollars . The price was reasonable!  I will come next time!While the atmosphere is modern and chic, the food here is underwhelming and overpriced. 
My friend and I came on a Sunday evening and we both ordered sushi rolls. My spicy tuna had too much mayonnaise and my avocado roll did not taste fresh. 
The staff was not very friendly and our waiter was rather rude and yelled at my friend for charging his phone with the outlet in our booth. 
Would not recommend. Plenty of other options in the neighborhood to try.Hand drawn noodles and stock in the roasted duck noodle soup were very good. Duck was a majority of fat and bones, lacking in meat and littered with smaller bones. Was full when I finished it and glad I did.
Dragon Roll is delicious but quality or size are not well aligned with price at $13. 
Service is attentive and fast. Cash discount at check-out. Not sure how to compare it to other places in University City but it was conveniently located.Ochatto is usually my go to for bubble tea because it's one of the only boba places on campus, but I'm usually pretty disappointed to be honest. The sushi and bubble tea are below average. In fact, today we were given old, nauseating boba and when we talked to the waiter he was quite rude. He shrugged his shoulders and said sorry unapologetically. The problem was never resolved and I'm really displeased with this interaction. On top of that the staff is usually pretty rude in general. I definitely will not be coming backINCREDIBLY long waits when it's not even that crowded, but the food is pretty good. There are a lot of bubble tea and other drink choices, and the prices are reasonable. The sweet potato sushi is addictive!!Yummy! I Ordered the chicken habachi dinner and it was really good. It was a very generous portion and it seems like I got full after only a few bites. The dinner also came with a big cup of rice and 2 dipping sauces. The only thing I did not like was how thickly some of the vegetables where cut. I mean, they where really chunky, all I could think was chocking hazard, eat slowly. Order also came at a reasonable time. I can't thank them enough for delivering in my area where it's so hard to find anything besides, pizza, chicken, burgers and other classic Americana foods.  I washed all of it down with Passion Fruit Tea. Very nice.  I will definitley be ordering from them again.One of the best spots to dine and chat with friends! Conveniently located, good quality sushi with decent price, and yummy noodles! Not to mention the 3 for $14 special they have is so worth it!Hand drawn or shaved, you can't go wrong with either homemade noodle.  Been coming here with the bf since they used to be Chattime, and any time we crave a bowl of Chinese style noodle soup we find ourselves back at this joint.  And even with the name change the interior decor and food remains the same.
As far as their sushi goes, we have ordered rolls, sashimi, and sushi before and it's been decent if you're going for some simple sashimi and sushi.   We had one of their tartare small plates and it was more mango pieces than salmon.  We won't be getting that one again.  And their softshell crab was more soggy than crispy and fried, and the dipping sauce was a Thai mango chili sauce that I didn't like too much.  I think it would've been more successful with a ponzu dipping sauce.
So my 4 star review goes towards praising their noodle soups. My fave is the beef.  Runner up would be duck and then oxtail.  I still have yet to try lamb and the eel so I'll think about updating my review when that time comes.  All the soups have the same flavor profile when it comes down to the spices that make up the base of the broth, which is then enhanced by whatever protein chosen.  And it's really effin' delicious!  
If you can't decide on what noodle to get, think about it this way,  if you want to slurp your noodles, get hand drawn; If you're looking for more texture and a "thicker" noodle to chew on, get the shaved.
I appreciate the variety of cold sakes and Japanese beers they carry which is a good mate to a hot bowl of soup.  Their bubble tea is pretty legit too.  I love that they offer different sugar options so you can opt for less sweet/sugar in 3 different levels. 
Service has never steered us to complain.  It falls in that middle range of being just enough to not want to say anything bad.
A winning choice for Chinese style soup in the University City area!Good for what it is. Actually very good. 
Get the beef noodle soup- either hand drawn or shaved. Some of the appetizers are decent. Like the aged tofu. Standard sushi. 
Come here if you don't want to trek to Chinatown. We come here fairly frequently and it hits the spot.Been there twice and BOTH times had cockroaches crawling around the wall next to our table. They did not significantly discount our tab and this should be checked out by health services!!!Food- 4 stars 
Good for what it is. Actually very good. 
Get the beef noodle soup- either hand drawn or shaved. Some of the appetizers are decent. Like the aged tofu. Standard sushi. 
Come here if you don't want to trek to Chinatown. We come here fairly frequently and it hits the spot. 
Boba- 2-3 stars. Only come here for boba bc no other nearby options. They are extremely cheap and stingy on the toppings (eg rainbow jelly, boba, etc) to the point of ridiculousness. But hey, they have a monopoly on boba in the area and I guess I'd try to maximize profits on unsuspecting college students if I were in their shoes too. 
Go elsewhere if looking for boba!! Buyer beware.Like another reviewer's comment, I also wanted to like this place. In fact, I used to come here quiet a lot whenever I had a bubble tea craving and couldn't make it to Chinatown or to enjoy a bowl of warm, hearty noodles on a cold day. 
Earlier this year, I took my friend who was visiting from California to eat here because I liked this place. However, this turned out to be my last time ever. I found a tag on one of the vegetable in the noddle soup and was annoyed. I suspected this meant either the staff didn't wash the vegetable or forgot the take off the tag. I informed one of the waiters and he said, "so what? This means it is fresh and organic." I wasn't mad before but now I am suddenly put off by his arrogant and ignorant response. My friend was also upset by the management's horrible attitude and I felt sorry this ruined our dinner. I decided I would never visit again  until the management apologizes and treats their customers with more respect (and with more assurance they do wash their vegetables and serve safe food).
I have read a few other reviews of 1 stars (because I love reading Yelp reviews haha) and found out others have experienced also bad service to the extent they've also decided to boycott this place. 
If you are decided on whether to give this place a try or not, It seems like the service is either a hit or miss, but definitely don't expect good service, only expect average or below. The noodles are so-so (MSG alert) and sushi is not recommended.I ordered the Beef Brisket Noodle Soup, hoping for the nirvana combination of beef, noodles and broth that I have come to crave. I have been on an eating adventure of noodle soups and Pho throughout Philadelphia. Out of 20 restaurants I have been to, this was by far the worst.
Noodles-advertised as hand drawn. They seemed like spaghetti tossed into the broth
Broth-strange flavor that did not have any depth or make me want to eat it alone
Beef Brisket -chunks of meat that were practically inedible.
Please do not get Noodle Soup here, you will be disappointed.Excellent Modern-Japanese restaurant.
I recommend eating their soup. The service is quick.
Great lunch!The sushi is sub par. The fish tasted old. The rice was hard. Too expensive for low quality.I dont know why, but when I ate here with my girlfriend I felt that the food was not fresh. When we went back, we felt like puking and puke we did. Wont recommend this place to anyone, spare your stomach for this bad experienceThe hand drawn noodle tastes like the real Chinese food back home! The sushis are fresh and there are so many options to choose from. Overall, the restaurant is awesome!Absolutely horrible!! I ordered a sashimi/sushi combo roll and I had to send it back. I will never be back here again and I suggest you do the same.We were a little hesitant coming here given the recent polarized yelp reviews, however I'm glad we did as the food was delicious and the service excellent. 
We ordered the loveboat for two and the restaurant graciously substituted 5 of the sashimi for sushi. Honestly it was some of the best sushi I've eaten here in Philadelphia among the sushi places within this price range. The shrimp sushi was perfectly cooked, something which is often overdone, and the sashimi was surprisingly thick cut. The selection was good as well with only one piece of sushi being what I consider a "cheap cop out," which was the fake crab covered sushi. The miso soup could have used a little more salt and the salad was completely unnecessary as the love boat portion was more than enough, so I didn't even try it but overall the dish was a win. 
The decor and vibe was pretty cool as well. They were making the hand drawn noodles next to the sushi station which is not only fun to watch but also lets you know that the noodles are legitimately hand drawn.
Needless to say ill definitely be returning, next time to give the noodles a try.This place has always been my top choices for lunch while I was studying in school. Great quality of food and service combined. 
Pros:
- Food is always reasonably priced and quality never failed to satisfy 
- Great menu with selections from sushi to Chinese noodle soup, ASIAN FUSION heck yeah
- Spacious restaurants with exotic bamboo decors 
- Located right next to a frozen yogurt place, dessert! check!
Cons:
- The light might be a bit too dimmed 
- Boba isn't that great to be honest, keep tryingHand-drawn noodle soups here are really amazing. The herbs in the soup are delicioussss. I tried three different noodle soups: duck, Japanese roasted pork, and chicken teriyaki (ranked from 1st to 3rd in order of favoritism, but all were amazing). The duck noodle soup is the absolute best -- when I had it, I thought the noodles tasted really fresh (which is really unusual for me, since I think noodles is just noodles, but I really noticed the taste of the noodles that time). So, the noodles here in this place really stood out to me from then on. 
I also tried the duck roll (appetizer), which was pretty good but not the best I've ever had. There could have been more duck in the wraps. The wraps were different from the other duck rolls I've had -- they were softer and had more vegetables in it, so they were more flavorful, but I'm used to blander wraps, so I preferred that (I like the main taste of duck and hoisin sauce, not the bread...). The purple roll was pretty good too. 
Noodle bowls are huge, though they could use a bit more noodles :) The atmosphere is really nice -- Asian-like but also modern chic. A LOT of Asians come here, so the place is definitely up to many Asians' level lol.I've come here a few times. The soup is really good. Today I had the chicken teriyaki soup. The broth and noodles were delicious! Unfortunately the chicken had skin on it and I wasn't able to eat it (it was cooked in a way that made the skin difficult to remove). I finished everything else though. I think a lot of people would probably really like the chicken - I just can't bring myself to eat skin. I also didn't think to ask about it before ordering. Overall it was good. I will come backPrice was amazing, the food can out quickly.  It was a little drafty and had cigarette order from time to time.  But the hand drawn noodles did not  disappoint. The noodles had a great texture and didn't end, the broth was perfect without being over powering.My friends and I frequently eat at Ochatto and have never had an issue, always finding the staff very attentive and kind. This week, they went above and beyond all of our expectations. We showed up an hour before closing for a birthday dinner, and they not only made sure we were taken care of at all times, but provided complementary soup, salad, and dessert for the whole table and stored the cakes we brought until it was time to bring them out. The food we did order, primarily a variety of rolls, wasn't anything out of this world, but it was definitely enough to fill and satisfy us. The most shocking part of the whole night, however, was that although we ended up staying for an hour past closing, the staff never seemed concerned and never rushed us, although such behavior would have been completely understandable, especially towards the end. We already loved the place, but this experience ensured we would keep on eating at Ochatto for a long time to come, though ideally within the actual hours of operation.Stopped in for a Spare of the moment to get a bite to eat, I ordered a #MangoSmoothie #CaliforniaRoll and #AvocadoRoll & #ShrimpTempuraRoll They all were very fresh. The Staff Was pleasant & the place was clean.