I'll repeat the accolades: PERFECT DIVE BAR. i played darts in the back for awhile, indulged in some cheap beers, and had a really chill time.First time there.  Not a bad place at all. Food looked good (did not indulge) but did have a couple of beers. It's really not a dive but instead a neighborhood establishment.  Anyway,  the food looked quite good and the variety of beers was fairly impressive.  The girl bartender was nice enough.  Not overly friendly by no means, but certainly pleasant. I would ditch the pool tables. Nobody really likes pool and in its place add ping pong tables. Ping pong is sweeping the nation.Great place to stop after work for a drink. I wasn't impressed with the pretzel bites (not warm in the middle and not enough cheese) and the cheese plate is just 'ok'. Friendly staff but you can easily be an outsider as there are regulars that typixally talk to the bartenders the entire time. Better than Dawson's though.I went to Old Eagle with 2 friends last night. My one friend loves the place, but the other 2 of us had never been there. And probably would have never discovered it if he hadn't recommended it. 
Walking in, the place looked like any other low-key, diveyish bar. But, no...
First, they have an awesome beer selection, both draft and bottles. One of my favorite things to do when I go to a place with unique beers on tap is try a few samples and discover something new and wonderful. Well, our bartender, Elvis, was very friendly and accommodating. Not only did he let my friends and I sample a few beers until we found a winner, but he was also quite knowledgeable about all of them (taste, texture, etc.). I commented to him that I really appreciate it when bartenders--like him--know their stuff. 
Another plus, they have pool tables and darts (we played darts). And since I love specials, I should mention they have some great ones: M-F Happy Hour with 1/2 off drafts and $2 domestic bottles, free pool all night Monday, and $1 off wheats on Wednesday. I haven't tried their food yet (but it seems like the reviews of it on here are all positive so will try next time).
Anyway, in sum, we all really loved the place and had a great time. After paying $5 to get into Mad River where we could barely hear each other, and kept getting bumped into as we tried to find a spot on the deck, this was certainly a welcome reprieve. Seems like a really great place to go with a close group of friends, to discover some new beers or find your favorite, or even if you just want to engage in conversation with a friendly bartender.
Will definitely be back myself. Also, I co-organize a twice-monthly Monday Manayunk Meetup for a group of local and international travelers and will be suggesting this for our next meetup in two weeks, as well as adding to the rotation for future meet-ups.Old Eagle is great; it's the perfect place for a low key night with an incredible selection of beer. You don't go here for mixed drinks; it is strictly for the suds. The bar tenders have an endless authority on what they serve (or what they will be serving soon) and are great to talk to. This place is what a corner bar should be all about, nothing fancy or trendy, just a place to sit and drink with your friends. I have never had the food, but it seems that I'm going to have to make that a priority. You can shoot pool, throw darts and utilize the juke box all while sipping back on some fine imported brew. It is a hidden treasure tucked away amidst the sprawling hills of Manayunk, I hope it stays that way.I needed some quick road food and thought I'd try out this dive bar.  Called ahead and talked to Christine who was very polite and helpful.  My food was ready shortly after I arrived (veggie panini). It was made on local bread (delicious).  She also recommended an excellent beer as I had time to sit and eat.  @ 4pm there was no one there but the staff and the little bit of company they provided was right up my alley.  Prices are a little on the high side but we'll worth it in my book.  I'll definitely be returning.Came here a couple of times for both dinner and brunch.  Both were really good. The burger was very good and their fries are the way all fries should be done. Now there brunch is what earns the five stars... It is amazing. I went with a couple of people so I sampled a few different items. I would have been happy with any of the brunch item ordered. I ordered the hash. It was very rich, flavorful and filling. Along with that I did a beer flight. I love that they have flights. I can pick a few of their many beers and decide which one I liked the best and order a pint. Great place to hang out off the beaten path.Met up with some buddies from college for brunch. Found the place on Yelp, as it served as a good, middle ground, meeting spot. The best way to quickly sum this place up is dive bar meets gastro-pub, in disguise. 
I had no idea it was possible to make an omelet appear fancy but I found this out here. In what appears to be a hearty portion of hand sliced Italian sausage and made-from-scratch, caramelized onions -- again, hearty on the portions -- were stuffed into my omelet, pouring out of it. The potatoes that accompanied the omelet were no joke either. Truffled salt and parmesean were sprinkled all over them, not missing a single one.
My fiance got the canoli French toast and it looked magnificent. She confirmed my assumption.
Places like this are what make Philly great. Sure, I can find something comparable down here in DC -- but not at that price. 
The beer selection was A+, as well. $3 Bloody Mary's during brunch. They also have some of the best growler fills, in regards to options and price, I've seen in awhile.Great local bar with a great divey vibe and cool bartenders.  The food is excellent, too.The draft list used to be much better however it's now been overrun by Barren Hill beers, which is a brewery owned by the same people.  I'd say 3 or 4 tap lines are usually dedicated to those largely underwhelming beers.
The only reason it doesnt get 5 stars is because the owner will occasionally be in there parked at the bar drinking enough bourbon to kill an elephant.  He becomes incoherent and starts jumping into conversations, interjecting his racist, homophobic & bigoted comments.  He also lets his dog roam around the bar and doesnt seem to mind when hes poking his nose onto tables while people are eating.  Oh and at the end of the night he drives home completely wasted - so there's that, too.  I've considered calling the cops on him but he's a cop himself so i'm not sure how far that'll get me.The Old Eagle might be the best local spot for great brews.  They have a wide selection on tap and so much more in the cooler.  There is always something new and tasty to drink.  We've never tried the food but it always smells delicious!  I love this place because it's one of the only local bars that has real dart boards and not those silly plastic-tip darts.  A great place to go to shoot some pool and listen to decent music.  And don't let the large dog walking around scare you, he's friendly!Love the food. LOVE the craft beer. LOVE the horseshoe-shaped bar. LOVE the neighborhood feel. HATE the parking in overcrowded Manayunk.
Will be back, if I can park.The Old Eagle is a great example of Philly neighborhood bar.  The atmosphere is very relaxed and everyone (staff and patrons) is friendly.  I live a few blocks away, so I'm in there often to play some darts, grab a bite or just sit at the bar and enjoy some beers.
The beer selection is very good, a rotating series of about 10 taps, which usually includes a good variety of micros (local and national) and a couple of imports.  The imports are usually things that are common (franziskaner for example), but the micros and botttles often yield nice surprises.
The food is solid, definitely above average bar food.I'll start by saying that I'm not a dive bar type of gal.  With that being said, the Old Eagle is not your average dive bar.  
The beer list is rather extensive and they have every kind of beer possible.  Blonds, fruity, what, IPA's...whatever your drug of choice is, you're sure to find what you're looking for here.
The bar itself is big, which lends itself to groups.  There's an area for playing pool and a few tables for those who want to grab a bite.  I didn't try the food, but my husband, a former regular at this joint, says it's phenomenal.  I'll take his word for it.
Bonus - the owner's super cute white german shepherd is often roaming around the joint for all you dog lovers.The food was really good! I dont drink but I go there for food, its that good! My favorite is the fish and ships, so good will seasoned with yummy dips soooooo good.Great place. The food is so fresh. The fries and the dipping sauce are delicious! The beer is great! This is a perfect spot for a happy hour...which they have a great happy hour by the way! Half off drinks. If you're looking to just hang out somewhere in the neighborhood with some beers, come here. Brenden is an awesome bar tender too!! Super nice guy!I used to love coming here. It was a perfect dive bar with great food and a decent tap list. The taps are still there, but the food is no longer what it used to be. The home made fries, amazing wing sauces, and quality food is gone. This used to be my favorite spot to grab a bite, but I will no longer return here for food. Bring back the old chef and menu!Been wanting to come here for months based on the reviews, but when I finally got a chance to try it I was SO disappointed by the food. We ordered the wings (because of how good they looked/sounded in the yelp pictures and reviews) and instead of being crispy, they were a little slimy, didn't seem fried, and were the whole wing (instead of the pieces you typically get in bar). Personally, I find it gross to have to pull apart the joints to eat the wing pieces, but thats just me. We ordered entrees (hanger steak cheesesteak and buffalo chicken sandwich) hoping the place would redeem itself. Not at all. The bread for the cheesesteak was stale, and the chicken seemed to be underdone. The only redeeming part of the meal was the fries, which were very good. Our bartender/waitress was also very nice. However based on the food, we probably won't be returning.Bar with a dive feel but top notch everything else.  Beer selection and food are great,  service feels like your at a friends house.  Brendon is a great and friendly bartender with very good beer knowledge.  Brunch is awesome, try the beer mimosa.This place is getting a 3 star rating... for now.  We stopped in on or way back home from a night out for one last round.  I love a good beer list, nothing better.  But a place like this needs to have a $3 domestic on tap.  I'm not trying to dilute what this place is obviously proud of, but come on.  You're a dive bar.  Every beer can't be 4.50 and up.
Im going to return, because I want to like this place.  I'll try the food and give the drinking another try.  For now, its stuck at a 3.I used to come to this place a lot but not so much anymore.  I love the outdated decor that makes the place feel like a time capsule, complete with a huge collection of vintage beer trays around the top perimeter of the wall and the glass block bar.  The pool table is also a definite plus.  The beer selection is very good as well.  But over the past few years they have continued to raise their prices.  It used to be a place where u could get a good, reasonably priced pint, but now you are hard pressed to find anything under $5.  Last time I went I was also charged "tax" on top of the posted price which they had never done before.  Now my $5 beer was closer to $6.  Sorry, dropping $23 plus tip for my lady and I to each have 2 beers midweek just isn't working for me these days.  Still a good bar, but I don't like paying center city prices at a neighborhood tapper.This is the kind of bar that makes you want simply hang out; maybe even be a regular.  The beer list is excellent, the prices are on point, and the food is surprisingly good for a little hole in the wall. Good service rounds out the whole experience. 
Bottom Line: The Old Eagle isn't worth going out of the way for, but it is far and away the best bar in Manayunk.This is a good, solid old fashioned place.  No bs, no hassle and I think the clientele reflects that.
I came here to drink beer and play pool.  I was able to do just that.  I happened upon a Weyerbacher event (being beer week) so I even got to try a new beer from them.  They had a minor tap-takeover going on.  The Quebeck was a really tasty offering.
The interior of this place is old school, like 60s era.  There is wood paneling and a parkay floor.  Inside, one of the patrons had their dog with them.  Are you getting the image yet?
The pool table, along with the cues, were in surprisingly good condition.  There was a felt brush sitting on the pool table.  I was impressed by these details.
We didn't eat, we just drank and shot pool.  No one bothered us or got in our way.  The tvs had the phillies game on and people were cheering yelling but not in that dude-bro sort of way that annoys you.
Maybe it's because I'm getting older, but I appreciate a corner spot like this.  You can walk in and do your thing without any hassle.  Check your pomp and circumstance at the door, they don't belong here.We ordered two orders of chicken wings over the phone, and when we came to pick them up, they only had one order ready. We waited around for the second order. When we went home to eat them, the wings were not enjoyable. Tasted microwaved.Can't believe I've never reviewed OE! Living in Manayunk the past 3 years, this is by far my go-to spot when looking for great food, great beers, great bartenders .. so basically it's the only place we ever go. M and I always seem to strike up a conversation with interesting people (only the good ones frequent Old Eagle) and the bartenders are always top notch. The food is not what'd you expect since the atmosphere looks a bit 'divey' in a good way. Food wise they have awesome specials (blackened catfish, creative flatbreads, cheese plates) and delicious constants (great burger, chicken sandwich, wings are awesome). The only other thing to say is... Please don't come here because if you do then there might not be a spot at the bar for me.This is hands down the BEST BAR in Manayunk and one of the best in Philadelphia. 
The beer selection on draft, bottle, cans, and pump is outstanding and a gem. I haven't found a bar like it elsewhere in Manayunk. Dawson may come close but then Old Eagle's food menu comes into play. 
This place has some of the best food in town for the price. From the cheesesteak springrolls to the flatbreads to the crabcake pita selection. It's outstanding. 
The bartender(s) have always been down to earth and real. 
The locals are cool and friendly. 
A previous poster had commented on dogs. While people have mixed feelings on this subject, I would like to remind you that this is a neighborhood bar with neighborhood people. I have witnessed dogs in bars before and have always enjoyed the additional company and atmosphere. 
It's a shame the previous comment had an unpleasant experience. I couldn't imagine the owner or the bar putting up with something of that sort. 
Old Eagle always has a mixed / diverse crowd of people. It's not your typical college / main street crowd. They've got a pool table, dart board, used to be a skeeball table as well. 
The music selection is good. The pub like atmosphere reminds me a lot of London and Europe. As do the people. 
The Old Eagle is a true gem and one of my favorite places to relax after a long work week. 
I can't promise the type of experience you'll have but I can promise it will be an experience that won't make you forget. 
Definitely check it out. 
(the amazing beer selection is also available for take out!)My hubby and I came here after having read such great reviews about their lamb burgers. As (bad) luck would have it, they were out of lamb burgers the night we went; however, our server/bartender was great as he comped my hubby's beer since he saw our disappointment. Our burgers and fries were pretty good, and we hope to return with better luck next time, as we still want to try the lamb burgers.The rotating draft is amazing here and they also have a solid bottle/can selection.  The food and the bartenders are superb as well.  The half price draft happy hour does not hurt either!
Been coming here for some time for happy hours with friends especially on Monday when the pool table is open and free!Had a great time here with a few friends. One of my friends loved the feel of the pub as it reminded him of his time growing up in England.It is what it is as far as local bars go. The sandwich I ordered was decent but the fries didn't really have any flavor. It was small inside but it was comfortable just sitting at the bar. The only problem I had was the draft I ordered wasn't cold and turned pretty warm after having it after a couple minutes.I don't give bad reviews lightly -- in fact, I believe this is my first negative Yelp review -- but Old Eagle Tavern has such bad energy.... I have to speak out. 
The owner is a dumbass. He has this big, stupid dog that jumps all over people & and attacks other dogs. We were told this place was dog friendly so we brought our well-behaved, elderly mixed breed -- only to be warned by a waitress that the owner's dog was coming in and he's "rambunctious."
Ha! Rambunctious is not the word. Aggressive is the word. Untrained, is another that would apply.  The owner cruelly let his dog continue to hump & push our old dog around until we had to leave. On our way out the door, the owner was LAUGHING at us, and had an attitude like our dog was a wussy and his was a big bad strong dog, oh yeah, isn't that great... And then he let his dog chase us into the street, where his dog continued to RUN UNLEASHED UP THE ROAD until we finally got to our car.
This owner then started yelling at his own dog, who continued running in the street... For a former policeman, this jackass has NO CONTROL over his animal, and no clue as to how inconsiderate & just plain dangerous it is to let a big German Shepherd run free like that. German Shepherds are dominant breeds, and without discipline, this dog is a ticking time bomb.
Just to be clear, here: I don't usually write bad reviews. I'm not a complainer -- we paid our tab & tipped & remained calm/courteous/upbeat throughout this experience. The owner didn't seem to have any idea he did anything wrong, he didn't intentionally seem to be running us out, nor did he seem angry or anything but amused (& proud of his bruiser dog) that we were leaving. I doubt our concerns even registered with him. And to be fair, his dog isn't vicious -- just very pushy & excitable in rather threatening ways (to other dogs). But the dog is young, still, and without training his behavior's only gonna escalate. 
I have been to Old Eagle without my dog in the past, and it was an OK place -- a cut above your average "two dollar miller lite douche bar" but hardly an establishment you'd seek out for particularly good beer or food. After meeting the owner, though, and seeing him in action, I feel that even one cent spent in an establishment such as this would be wasted on someone with no regard for his customers and even less for common courtesy. 
Honestly, if you could've seen this guy's face! He was clearly pleased with his brute of a dog and unconcerned with his own customers. What. A. Jerk. 
If you love animals, this is a bar owner to make your skin crawl. There are MUCH better bars... try Franklin's by the East Falls train station or East Falls TapRoom on Midvale.Great place for some drinks and to play some pool and throw darts. Solid neighborhood bar that has a great beer selection with a very nice and knowledgeable staff. I've never seen a bar with a beer selection this great at their low price. Over all I would 10/10 recommend.Neighborhood bars don't get any better than this. It's cozy place and the bartenders are always super nice and make sure you are well taken care of. The draft line-up is full of delicious craft beer with a well stocked selection of bottles behind the bar as well. They are a dog friendly bar and it's so nice to have a place so close that you can stop by for a meal and a beer and not have to worry about your dog being left alone at home. There is not a thing on their menu that is a bad choice. Every time that I have gone here I have left as a happy boy.So so happy this is our new neighborhood bar! It's right down the street and is a perfect dive bar. They have great food, great beers, great service and fun casual vibe. Pretty sure you can bring dogs in there, so i can't wait to bring the pup here if that's true. 
It's very spacious, has pool tables and darts. Who wouldn't have fun here. It's going to be our new spot to just come and relax at the end of the day with a good beer and people.When I moved from CC to Roxborough, I was sad I wasn't going to find a place I'd like to hang out...and then I found this place! 
Not only does Old Eagle had a great selection of beers, both draft and bottled, but they have GREAT food. My personal favorites are their wings, the pulled pork sandwich and their burger. They also have incredible flat bread selection.
I seriously love this place!Always impressive food, nice beer selection.  It's a small place and it can be tough to get a seat. Off nights like Monday - Wednesday are a good time to go if you want to get a seat at the bar and enjoy a good meal. I recommend you do.Old Eagle Tavern belongs in South Philly. 
And, that being said, Old Eagle Tavern is the only bar in Manayunk I can stand.... Is it safe to admit I actually *miss* a bar?
Featuring an extensive beer list that offers a seasonal selection on tap, as well as cans of craft beer, and a full bar - whatever you're interested in drinking, Old Eagle has it. Also points to them for frequently updating their Facebook - a keg kicks that belongs on the menu? No problem, if they can't replace it with the same beer, they'll let you know on Facebook ahead of time.
As for food, it's pretty solid - amazing wings, great cheese plate, and always an excellent brunch. The menu is constantly changing, but there's generally something for everything here. 
Other things I love about this bar:
- Dogs are welcome
- NOT cash only
- I don't have cable and these guys would put Breaking Bad on for me when I asked nicely (that wins everything).Arg, I remember it well... I was here but once, on a dreary Sunday in October but a year ago. I was with a group who relished craft beers and 
Aye, me Mateys...Have ye ever ate something somewhere, from a place that seems oceans away and ages ago and can't get to very often, and this meal  affected you so very deeply that NOT ONLY did the meal NOT give ye gout, but was so delicious that it seeps into yer dreams like a seductive siren luring you, wailing her banshee song? Aye, friends and chronies, I have been to this place. I have tasted the treasure, and I have since dreamed of once again braving the seas (or the septa train that goes to Manayunk)  ever since. So, I have but 2 words for you all as you read this; as you sit wondering about the little dive bars' offerings and about how ON EARTH this beer crew can know ANYthing about vegetarian food, I say to ye THIS:
SEITAN SKEWERS. 
my life has since been changed. And as the bites of faux meat peel aways in layers between your teeth in a melting fashio that only real braised meat can do, you will be in hog(less) heaven. Get them. Do not ask for anything else. They are a substantial meal. And you will say to ye-self. "Damn ye, Gale! You be a bloody GENIUS, what with yer mastery of opinion and angel-face...DAMN YE! Damn ye to the briny bones of Blackbeard! 
and I'll say "I'm sorry (nom nom),,, can't hear you-(nom nom)...chewing delicious seitan, busy...(nom nom nom)Simply the best bar in Manayunk. I could hang out here all night.Probably my favorite bar in Manayunk, partly for having an excellent beer list (AND a great half-off all drafts from 5 to 7, M-F); partly for having very decent food which is not overpriced IMO; and partly for being such a funky neighborhood place in which the decor seems to be untouched since the days when it was an old corner tappy for Yunkers.  The ironic thing is that the couple who own OE also own Devils Den in South Philly, which has been beautifully and expensively rehabbed.   (DD also has excellent beer list with the same happy hours prices, and delicious food.  And they've recently taken control of the old General Lafayette brewpub in Lafayette Hill, which is encouraging for that place).
Responding to the reviewer of May 4th who was there for the dog fiasco:  I was also there in that back room that night with a group of friends.  We actually sat down before their group, and there was already a pile of dog crap near the table, whcih some of us soon caught the scent of.  That got cleaned up and apologized for, and then about 30 minutes later Odin, the owners' dog, came back and did it in the same spot!  The bar was very busy and the cleanup did not happen within seconds, but it was cleaned up and the male co-owner apologized to us and told us that Odin had eaten an entire stick of pepperoni from their kitchen counter (at home) and this was the result.  Yeah, the smell didn't go away immediately because the bar doesn't have an open-able window in that room.  Not the most pleasant experience, but if you own pets, an understandable one.  You might say, WTF is a dog doing in a bar that serves food anyway?!, but even as a non-dog owner, I appreciate their letting their customers bring their dogs in.   It's part of the friendly vibe of the Old Eagle.The only difference between Old Eagle Tavern and that sports bar in Wichita, Kansas that I went to is that the Old Eagle Tavern is in Roxborough...
...and you can get a 6-pack.
...and risk getting your car towed because there's no parking. Anywhere.
So unless you love the Philly's so damn much that you'd be willing to pay more for your Miller Light and risk a parking fine that would cost as much as your airline ticket to that sports bar in Wichita, I suggest you'd head elsewhere.Eh...
We come here once a year for my husband's birthday and that's enough for me. It's usually rather loud with either music or belligerent drunk Manayunkers. They used to have quite an extensive food menu, but now you they offer a few items, one of them resembling pigs-in-a-blanket that look like the kind you get in the Whole Foods freezer section.
The beer list is decent, but I think even that's become rather skimpy. They used to have some seasonal mixed drinks, but now the menu boasts beer and...beer.
The old guy with the huge dog is no longer perched at the bar all night, so that's a plus (or a minus, depending on who you are).
If it weren't for my husband's nostalgia about this place, I'd never go. But once a year I can handle.Probably the best bar in Manayunk. Very friendly sociable staff, good beer selection and excellent food. I wish i knew about this place when i lived in the area, but i'm happy to say I will definitely go out of my way to come back here sometime.I picked this place off Yelp because I needed to find a bar to meet up with some friends. Picking a bar online is not easy. But this place was awesome.
First, great beer list. I was super disappointed because they happened to be out of the pumpkin beer, which sounded great. Instead, I went with the Avery White Rascal (a little too light for me) and the Arcadia IPA (which I liked).
Second, the bartender was super great. She was friendly and easy to have conversation with. And she was nice enough to give us tastes of the beer, which I always appreciate because I'm really indecisive.
Fourth, nice website. It surprising that such a little bar has such a nice website that actually lists all the beers they have, and what beers they have coming up. It makes me want to go back.
Parking was awful though. I'm not used to extremely crowded street parking, so it was a bit of a nightmare for me.
Service: Like I said, the bartender was top notch.
Environment: Feels like a neighborhood bar. Very relaxed and chill. Pretty small space, so it could easily get crowded (I went on Labor Day, so it was quite empty). TV to watch a game.Up front, I think people really need to realize this is a dive bar.  Based on previous Yelp reviews, I wasnt expecting this upon deciding to try it out with my wife.  With this being said, I absolutely would recommend this bar to anyone.  
The craft beer selection is amazing and constantly rotated. Wether you are into stouts, IPAs, or wheat beers, you can most likely find it on tap.  If their tap selection does not tickle your fancy, they have a pretty impressive collection of bottles for your pleasure.  
Both my wife and I enjoyed our food.  The cheese plate impressed my wife, even more so then some upscale restaurants she has ordered cheese plates from!  The fries are amazing!  I do not know what they spice up their fries with, but I would go back just for an order of them!  My wife enjoyed her Goat Cheese Burger and I was impressed with the Root Beer BBQ wings.
I will definitely go back to this place for the beer & food.  Its not crowded like bars down in Main Street Manayunk, which, I for one, would call "a +".  
I gave it a 4 star instead of 5 because the beer is a little pricey, however, do not let that stop you from trying the Old Eagle Tavern out.
* Also has a Downloadable Jukebox.  This is a plus for me, as I greatly enjoy my music with my buzz...In the old days[1], say back in halcyon '06, Flat Rock was the beer drinker's go-to in Manayunk. I'm not sure if their selection has decreased or if selections around them have increased, but I believe the new reigning champion is the Old Eagle. 
The beer list here is pretty amazing. They have a wide range of interesting beers on tap, and a huge bottle selection. In fact, I was here during Philly Beer Week and sat next to Tom Kehoe, owner of Yards, as he tapped a firkin of Citra Pale Ale. We had an awesome conversation where he helped me calculate the ABV of the first beer I brewed on the back of a napkin![2]
There is also an interesting crowd here for Manayunk. The crowd definitely is on the young side.[3] But they are usually more let's say, restrained, than the usual phalanx of young partygoers who maraude through the neighborhood. Everyone is really chill and there because they love craft beer. So I'd say this is a win over all. 
Brunch is also good. [4] It can take awhile to come out, but the food is usually well prepared and tasty.
So if you have your sherpa and yeti and are ready for a trip up into the hills of Dear 'Ol Manyunk, I recommend Old Eagle. 
[1] Yes, I just used the phrase "in the old days." While this is generally followed with sentiments requesting that these damn kids get off my lawn, I assure you I will refrain from making such a request. 
[2] True story, bro
[3] Same kids who I wish to, but will not ask to, get off my lawn
[4] Yes, I realize that I mention brunch in every review I writeDecent place. Had a good time. Drinks were great and nicely priced. Good for killing time before heading to the movieI am writing this feeling more sad and disappointed than anything. I have been to the Old Eagle so many times and it's always been AMAZING. Such special food, great atmosphere, and great beers. 
When we walked in, it was insanely hot; not a big deal. After that we ordered beers. Unfortunately they were barely cold. The food menu was really limited but that was fine with me, because everything I ordered from there was always amazing. 
The husband's burger was dangerously raw (he ordered it medium), and my buffalo chicken sandwich was just sad. 
This place was so special, and I'm just sad that it's taken a turn for the worst. Hopefully the owners will see this, and get the Old Eagle back to its awesome self!The best beer list in Manayunk.  Old Eagle is constantly rotating through an extensive list of micro-brews.  As a beer lover, there is no better place to go, especially during their killer half-price happy hour.  I have discovered many, many beers here over the years.  They also have a really good beer flight deal which is perfect as a starter.  
The food is also quite good, especially for a bar.  They have the standard bar fare, as well as a few fancier dishes.  
Bar tenders are always nice and very helpful.  They always allow samples of the beers and are quick with a recommendation if you get overwhelmed.  
Though the bar is tiny, it has a good neighborhood bar feel.  Sports are always on the TV and good music is always playing.  
Just writing this review is making me want to go there.Used to be my go to spot with my wife! Beers were always good/changing and their menu was so unique and DELICIOUS! Just came in and the beers are still decent (whew) but the menu and new chef is AWFUL!!! Burger was gross and barely cooked (ordered it medium). Like literally barely cooked to the point of concern. Wife's buffalo chicken sandwich was comical and her side salad was a few shreds of lettuce and a tomato. She was so sweet but the bartender/waitress was in outer space too. I feel bad even writing this and it might be the first review I have ever written online bc I usually don't bother but it was that disappointing that I had no choice. Hopefully the owner reads this and figures it out. #saddayintheyunk #:(Nice dive bar and great food. They only have IPAs and crafts on draft so if you aren't adventurous, it might not be your best bet if you're looking for domestic drafts. They do have a decent bottle selection.
I got the burger with a fried egg on it and it was good. The fries were fresh cut, just slightly overcooked.
Would definitely go back again.A really relaxed local bar. All the charm of Manayunk without the Main Street drama. There's a full kitchen, pool tables, darts, and awesome rotating selection of craft beer drafts. They have some cool ice cream beer floats, too. Very casual, very local, very cool. Oh, and sometimes there is a dog! The dog brings Old E from a '4' to a '5' for me :-)I have been going to this bar for about 3 years and love it! They have great prices, delicious food, and amazing craft beers! If you're in Manayunk and want to try a place off of Main Street, check out the Old Eagle! Definitely worth it.This place has everything you could want in a neighborhood bar.  The beer selection is awesome and constantly changing.  The bartenders are always highly knowledgeable about the beers and excellent at making recommendations.  The food is surprisingly good.  The have all the standards you might expect, but also a few you might not - for example the mussels there are fantastic.  
My only word of caution about the place is that you have to pay attention to the alcohol % of your beer because if you don't realize that you are drinking a 9% brews, you might have an unexpected rough morning.I went here with a wing craving, solely based on the one picture that a previous yelper had added. 
This is a friendly neighborhood dive bar, with a clear accent on high quality ingredients and elevated flavor profiles.
Their wings are hands down the best I have had in the Manayunk Roxborough area. Far and away. You only get 6 wings for $9, but don't let that dissuade you. 
It needs to be stated that my family hails from Buffalo so I hold wings to an incredibly high standard. 
These wings are meaty, juicy, and fried absolutely perfectly. The skin is that perfect amount of crispy. The meat is that perfect level of succulent. 
I ordered the Korean hot wings and simply can not wait to go back and try their standard buffalo wings. 
Their fries are also no slouch, with the malt mayo. I couldn't stop gobbling them. 
Need to go back asap and try their buffalo wings, chicken and waffles, fried chicken and Mac and cheese. Desperately. 
Who's coming with me? 
Only downside to this place: parking. Welcome to Manayunk!i've lived in manayunk for a little over 6 months now, and while i love the blue collar feel of the neighbourhood, the bars are a different story. 
then i found old eagle. 
this place is perfect for the area. the staff is casual, the place is dive-y, the beer is phenomenal and the food is way above average. they have a brunch that is to die for - framboise french toast, wheat beer mimosas, if you haven't tried it already you're missing out. 
next time you want to go out in manayunk, skip the douche bars on main street and head to old eagle. you'll be glad you did.This place has consistently been my go-to for both drinks and food for two years.   This place is all quality - without the pretense and overpricing that tends to follow in Manayunk.   Divey, but not gross; a perfect balance.   I wish there were more places like it.   
The bartenders are super friendly, fast, and their music selection is always great.   The food is cheap, comes out quickly, and is always delicious (surprisingly so for a corner neighborhood bar, but just plain good overall).    I have never had a bad experience there - out of probably fifty or so times that I've been so far.Old Eagle Tavern is the perfect dive bar; great food, plenty to drink, and a very cool relaxed atmosphere. There's a big white husky that roams the bar, he's a regular. The bartenders and patrons are always friendly. It's the type of establishment where you always end up chatting to the bartender and the people sitting next to you. They usually always have a game on the tv, but if there's nothing good playing they may put up a old black and white film on the flat screen. 
The food is great, and that's definitely the highlight of the place. The lamb burger is a must, the pulled pork sandwich is also delicious, and even though you may not believe me the chicken tacos are really great as well. The food is basically pub far, so it's diverse, easy to eat with your hands and always tasty. Definitely try the peirogies, there's always a different type depending on the day but they are very very good. One of the most notable things on the menu is the beer floats. That's right - beer and ice cream, it's sounds weird but it's magical. They offer different varieties and flavors like oatmeal stout and chocolate ice cream - just like mama used to make.  
The beer list rotates but they always have a sophisticated and diverse draught selection. The bartenders are always willing to give you a taste before you drop your hard earned dollars on a new beer. I highly recommend this place if you like good beer, good food, and low key bar where you can always have an interesting convo.Gotta love the Ol' Iguodala. The beer selection here is pretty large and stocked with ones I've never heard of, but I like that (don't bother looking for a Bud Light). The food at O.E. is also well above par for a local bar. Many a Phillies' game I have stopped by on the way home, and they didn't even get angry with my repeat attempts to steal their one-ton (must be the wieght if I can't lift it) cigar Indian statue; for some reason their beer always makes me feel powerful enough to throw it onto my shoulder and walk home up the hill. If I'm not feeling particullarly strong, they always have a real cork dartboard, a pool table, and a shuffle board bowling game to get into. Everyone's friendly there, bar dog included, even when I occasionally return to pay tabs I forgot the night before (and especially when I return to pay tabs I thought I forgot, but actually did not). Great bar to go chill in any night of the week, or at least to jump start your night on Main st.
***they do 6 packs to go!***As this is our corner bar I've been back a few times and have gotten a bit more disappointed each time we come. The usual bartender there has been ridiculously unfriendly and anytime i ask him for water he won't bring it even after multiple reminders...which I just found insane after a while that I wasn't allowed to be hydrated because water's free and he won't think he's getting a tip for it.
They went from having great $5 craft beers to a pretty odd variety. They're still great beers, but they've gotten into the high percentage for $8-$10 a pop brews. I know that's typical of the winter season so it may go back to normal, but if you're gonna be a neighborhood casual divebar, you cant expect everyone to want to pay that much for a decent beer in the winter. The menu has changed a little bit and hasn't been as good. A lot of mess ups on our orders too. 
I'll come back when they switch to spring/summer more normal beers and maybe figure out when that grump behind the bar is off, but really only because its on our block...and that rootbeer bbq chicken sandwich...oh and because they're cool with my pup being there too....oh and for darts and pool...dammit i hate to hate this place.Hole in the wall looking bar and then you get the half price amazing drafts and a simple menu with exciting items that taste absolutely delicious. A pleasant surpriseProbably my favorite bar in Manayunk. If you don't mind walking about 5 blocks you'll find plenty of parking on Ridge ave before you turn onto Terrace. Otherwise just get there early for the 1/2 off any draft beer happy hour. Now this may sound like an ok deal, but when you figure that they are full pours of 16oz or 10oz high ABV beers you'll understand why it's a fantastic deal. You get beers that normally cost $5-8 elsewhere for $2-3 a pop between the hours of 5pm -7pm M-F. 
And worry not macro brew drinkers, they have bottles of Miller Light and cans of Pabst for anyone who doesn't like heavy beers. You can always expect a full spread of IPAs, porter/ stouts, a lager or pils, some wheat beers, and anything else they have stored in the basement. 
This is one of the only places in Manayunk to play pool and it's free on Mondays. If the pool table is being used ask for some darts and pass the time that way. There's always seating, usually at the bar, unless you get there late on a Friday or Saturday. It's not a fancy place, jeans and a t-shirt will do, though I have worn a dress there on an occasion or two. And it's not a young disrespectful crowd either. Great for any adults, from young professionals to our parents. 
I could keep going on about what else I like about this place, like the food, ambiance, location (not on Main St), but I think what really solidifies this place as the best are the bartenders. They are always attentive and don't play eye contact games, no matter how busy they are. Yeah you have to wait sometimes, but they acknowledge your presence and get to you as soon as they can. 
To sum it up, this is Manayunk, don't come here if you expect to park within a block of the establishment you want to go, unless of course you're willing to get there early (by 7 the latest). It's well worth the frustration for reasonably priced beers, in a great location, with some thing to do other than stand around, that has ample seating, good food, and great bartenders. You should definitely check this place out!Love this place! Rotating beers on tap, and always a fantastic selection. The staff here is friendly but not at all intrusive. There's a back room with some bar game options, but for me at the bar is the place to be. This neighborhood bar is worth a trip even if you don't live in the neighborhood.First off, I am a bit reclutant to give this 3 stars, so let me start off what is good with the place.  A lot of the 4 stars and 5 stars reviews I agree a lot with. The bartender is one of the most friendliest guys you'll ever meet.  I am an animal lover, so I love the dog who came and enjoy petting him between drinks.  Not to mention I enjoy the original taps that are here.  I also love the old bar atmosphere and the horseshoe place.
So what's wrong?  No, I don't have problem with a location and then I had to drive a mile to park.  Its just that and I know that are plenty of Yelpers who disagree with me, the food didn't do it for me.  I didn't care for the burger, which seems to have carrots in it, didn't find the meat that great nor the fries any better.  There are other Yelpers who disagree with me so maybe you'll agree with them not me.  If so, great.  I don't mind coming back every now and then, but if the owner is reading it (or better yet the chef), don't take it too personally, if I only get drinks from now on. You run a great place but it doesn't do it for me on the eating side of things.Great local hole in the wall. Used to love coming here when I lived in Philly. Was here two weeks ago for a friend's birthday and the staff was very accommodating when our dinner party increases by a couple of people. Great beer selection, they offer flights if you're interested in that. The food is really good as well.Love this place because they have a good selection of seasonal beers. The food is pretty good too. A plus is the pool table! Fun times ahead.Good neighborhood bar for great beer selection and a good conversation.  Not a bad spot for pool either.I go here all the time for food.  Really nice bartenders, laid back and nice place to hang out and eat/drink.  Large variety of beers on draft, but I mostly go to grab a bite when I'm lazy because I live close by.  New chef just started working when I started coming here, and Rich, the chef, makes great food.
Odin rocks too.All the best Manayunk bars are off Main St. and Old Eagle is one of the best.  I revisited this past Friday.  Divey, relaxed atmosphere.  Really great tap and bottled beer selection.  (Founders, etc.)  A place where you can play pool or darts or shuffle bowling (though the latter is quite glitchy!).  We had a group of 10 hanging out comfortably in the back room on a Friday.  It's really nice that it's not so crowded that you lose elbow room or can't get a beer fairly quickly, so it's stars ahead of most Manayunk bars.  Service was very friendly, though a bit spotty at times when we didn't get clean glasses, water, and our food came out piecemeal.  But, no big issues with that.  The food is always good and affordable.  I got a buffalo chicken sandwich.  It was huge, on a tasty roll, only $9.  A thick, juicy chicken best grilled and coated in their tasty buffalo sauce.  Very messy but delicious.  Really just a great place to hang out and put a few back, especially if you're not feeling the hustle and bustle and the type of crowd on Main St.Great selection of rotating beers and microbrews on tap - Great Lakes, Rogue, Victory, etc. Plus the old reliables and macrobrews for the regular non beer-snob folks. Prices are good. Food is pretty good. Love the collection of vintage beer trays adorning the walls.I stumbled onto this bar during what one might call a very "off night" It was a Saturday, cold as frack. My soul was weary. My legs were tired (all those damn hills!)  I'd never been in this neighborhood before and didn't know where anything was. But due to certain circumstances I decided to explore the area on foot in the hopes that somewhere nearby there was a warm bar stool with my name on it. Dawson's Pub was my first destination n that bitch was beyond crowded so I kept it moving. Landed here making a colorful entrance as my face was bright red and my hands were practically frozen from the cold. It all turned out for the best though. The bartender/owner was all heart. I got to talking with the guys behind the bar as well as a few others. Top shelf tequila gratis followed several beers. The back room is huge and reminded me of a refinished basement from Jr high...but in a good way I guess. Lovely pressed tin ceiling and fresh new paint in this old bdlg. Just people talkin & drinking at a local no-fuss kinda place.Great: food, staff, beer
No: dude-bro's, dancing, crying 21 year olds
Far enough up the hill that the girls in heels can't slow down in time on their trek down to score free drinks and hook-ups.  Far enough off Shurs Lane that frat guys can't see it because their collar is in the way
Plus, there's usually a dog or twoRecently stopped into Old Eagle Tavern on a snow day and they've changed the menu slightly but the food is still on-point and beer selection is as impressive as always. Also to warm my frigid hands, they had a special hot cider spiked with whisky or rum. 
The husband and I ordered the wings (korean style), the brussels sprouts, duck spring rolls and a pulled pork sandwich. We loved the wings and brussels and would totally go back just for those again. The duck rolls were a little weird and not what I was expecting, tasted kind of like liver? The pulled pork sandwich was also delicious and huge!So this was bar two in the top of the hill bar crawl and once again I'm happy to say will be back.  We pulled in just before midnight and were greeted by the friendly bar staff.  They have a great selection of craft beers and I sampled a Blue Point toasted lager.  I must say it was delicious and even better as Sue brought the round.  I here the food is quite good and looking at the menu, they have a nice selection.  The bar is down the street from the Terrace Tavern and we made the walk in less than 5 min..  We selected 5 bars for the night with the East End, Dawson Street & T. Hogan's pub being the other three.   Accept for the East End all the bars have a great selection of craft beers on tap, so it makes for a good night for us beer geeks.  I must wonder back in here on night for the food as more than one person has raved about it.Great place for neighbors to get together and to share a pint. This is the type of place that people get to know each other and hang out over a few beers. Definitely different than the other bars in Manayunk but if you enjoy relaxing conversations with friends and not loud dance music this is a good spot for youGood local bar, bumped up a star by outstanding food. Avoid when the young, dark-haired bartender is working. She thinks foam is beer and her phone is priority number one. I don't think foam is beer and I think your phone will be all right while you serve the regulars their usual while sending texts. 
Personally, I'm in favor of taking said phone and letting everyone in the bar use it. Mean? 
I didn't mention my plan of having everyone stomp on it...The Eagle is my favorite bar and place to eat in this part of town.  Great bottled beer list, and they've always got new and interesting drafts.  Elvis, the bartender, is a legit dude, and he's always happy to give you a sample, or talk Philly sports and music.
The food is awesome.  The dude in the back (Will, maybe?) makes a truly outstanding burger.  Among the best in Philly, and I've tried a lot of burgers in Philly.  Better than anything in Manayunk or Roxborough, Better than Eulogy, the Belgian Cafe, Monk's, and WAAAY better than the Good Dog.  The burger is the real deal.  If you like spicy, he also makes his own house hot wing sauce that's outstanding on wings, fries, burgers, or anything else, I'd imagine.  Fries are good too, and I'd recommend anything they make that involves lamb.  Be warned though: if you go to eat at a busy time, the wait can get long.  But it's worth it.
You can shoot pool, play darts, and the place gets pretty lively on weekend nights.  That said, if you want to chill in a neighborhood place, the weeknight scene is laid-back.  
All in all, my fave bar in this part of town, and among the best in Philly.Honestly this makes me so sad to write, but I gotta knock quite a few stars off. I came here for two things. Okay three, I love my best friend. But I can take him anywhere.  Anyways... I came for the pineapple  nitro IPA aaand the sprouts of Brussels. Welp. They literally took 75% of their menu away.. and you guessed it.. the sprouts went with it   So maybe two is a little harsh, but as far as I'm concerned there's no reason for me to ever come here now.Old Eagle is off the beaten trail in Manayunk and it is now my favorite dive in the area. It's also conveniently located ten minutes walk from my house, so maybe I'm biased.
Brews: very crafty, very cheap (for craft--they range from $5-8 for a draft).
Food: GREAT fries--nice and thick, but still crisp and salty (my preference for fries). The chili is just a little spicy and is another must-order dish. The chili comes with these cool Dorito-like baked chips. You should also get the pulled pork sandwich, which is nice and juicy.
Vibe: This bar looks super-tiny from the outside, but there is plenty of space to enjoy brews and friends (plus a pool table!). The regulars/locals are very friendly, and the bartenders are cool.This is my FAVORITE local bar. I'm here frequently. I know the staff, they're fantastic, I love the food, and the beer selection is often excellent, always unique. The heats back on, and I'm happy. Expect fun crowds and a delightfully dive-y feel. Seriously, I probably would have moved out of this neighborhood at an age appropriate time had it not been for the Old Eagle being down the street.This place is a hidden gem! Friends and I have bi-weekly meetups all over manayunk but I think we have unanimously decided to stay loyal to Old Eagle. 
1. Elvis the bartender is probably my favorite bartender in the world. He's super informed, super friendly, all around awesome guy. If you tell him what kind of beer you like, he'll turn around and give you a sample of something that you will fall in love with. (I'm thinking particularly of the hand-pumped victory hop wallop... SO TASTY!... and of course when I asked him about it he went on to school me on the processes of what made it taste so great)
2. The food is awesome. If you get the grilled veggie sandwich/panini it will be coming from fresh picked ingredients from their backyard. Where else will you get that? Oh and the beer selection--- bueno!
3. Games, pool, darts, fun people!
They have been more than accommodating to the large groups we've brought in and the service is seriously the best. I can't say enough good things about this place. Long live Old Eagle Tavern.