The food isn't terrible, don't expect anything stellar though...  Let's talk about the incident that ignited this review...   I ordered two large cheese pizzas delivered, and when it came one pizza was pepperoni (i do not eat pork - at all).  I called the store and the girl tells me "the driver cannot come back, but she will give me a coupon for a free dessert on my next order"??!???   Wait, so I'm stuck with a pizza I can't eat? These two pizzas cost ~$20, the dessert I'm sure is ~$5...  She was really adamant that this guy could not back.  Awful customer service.  There will be no next time.   Like I said, the place was OK for the most part, but this was too much.You guys are right in the middle for me.  I want to like your food more but I find it to be inconsistent.
I've ordered from here a number of times and there have been times when the kebabs have been excellent.  There are other times when the meat is overcooked, dry and somewhat flavorless.
When you get a takeout order, it comes with the meat of your choice over yellow rice, hummus, tabbouleh and a large fresh pita.  I love the sides you get and I enjoy them sometimes more than the actual meat of the meal.
They have pretty excellent delivery and good prices which is also a reason for ordering.
Yesterday was my first time actually in the place and I did spy some thin crust pizza.  Not sure why they offer pizza, but maybe I'll give it a shot sometime.This place took an hour to bring me a soggy a$$ gyro then the driver had an issue parking on the curb he wanted to block the st also Never Again! Greek lady is the best!Tried some of their sandwiches and hummus.  Everything was good and the man behind the counter was very friendly.  We were very pleased with the service.  Didn't try the pizza but their middle eastern good was very good!I ordered from Sanna's for the first time today.  I got the falafel veggie platter, with tabouli and labni for my sides.  Everything was fantastic, except the falafel.  It was too hard on the outside and dry on the inside.  I'm guessing that it was overcooked.  I will likely order from here again, but I'll pass on the falafel.Decent falafel, hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves. It won't blow your mind, but it's tasty, not real expensive, and pretty fast! I'd recommend it if you're in a mediterannean mood and want to just get takeout / delivery.Service is always speedy and very friendly. I'm a big fan of the gyro platters (both chicken and lamb). Their baklava is also delicious. They've been great for takeout!Do not ever order a gyro from this place. First when I got my food it was cold as ice and sloppy wrapped. The tzaziki sauce tasted like crisco oil and OMG the "chicken" was processed into these strips like turkey bacon and it tasted and smelled awful! It made me throw up. The gyro itself just funked up my entire room with the pungent smell of that "chicken". It looked almost like tofu. NEVER ORDER THEIR GYROS IF YOU DONT WANT TO GET SICK. The chicken kabobs are ok, its actually grilled chicken breast. I dont understand why they wouldn't use the grilled chicken breast in the gyros instead of processed mock chicken flats. I dont know what that was. Horrible. Im done with them.The food is awful. Not even when your drunk is it good.
This is not pizza. This will never be pizza's real dad.
The place is dirty. No one can push a broom around here, Lawd knows what the kitchen is like.
The employees are weird. I came in here with a couple of super Jewish friends once and got the angriest looks. Anti-semitic? I don't know but uncomfortable none the less.
Why would you go here? Just stop it.I was really looking forward to my delivery from this restaurant, but am unfortunately disappointed with my experience. My sandwich was send with pickled beets, which is not listed on the description. Unfortunately I really really don't like pickled beets (or anything pickled) and it's a very strong flavor. The sandwich was also not sent with a side of sauce, as I had requested. I called to inquire and was told that all sandwiches automatically come with pickled beets. The items listed for sandwiches are lettuce, tomatoes, and sauce. The person I spoke with was very nice and helpful, but during my call, I was put on hold 8 times when the other line rang and the employee had to answer the other phone line. I felt bad because it seemed there were not enough people to do the work up front. The only reason I am rating this as "ok" and not "bad" is that the woman who I spoke with on the phone was VERY nice and she tried to do everything possible to resolve the situation. She also apologized that they don't have it listed on the menu. I was frustrated that my phone conversation was interrupted 8 times by other calls, but that's of course not her fault. Maybe they could have someone else up front to assist? They eventually offered to send me the correct sandwich, which I appreciate, but at that point I had somewhere to go and had to leave, so I asked to just be refunded for the item. The woman didn't have authorization to do it, and there was no manager working (which I found odd for a Saturday night?) The manager is supposed to call me tomorrow morning to process the refund, so hopefully I'll receive a call.
Update: no call received, of course.Santas! I love this place it's fast, reliable and if you get what they're good at, you're in for a treat. Wings, falafel, schwarma, Curly fries and baklava are all excellent. Their prices are good and delivery is quick. Can't speak to any other items from here, but I'm sure all their middle eastern food is good.For some reason it took me a long time to try this place out, the combination Middle Eastern plus pizza/wings/cheesesteak theme seemed kind of weird.  But now I order from this place all the time, it is very good for being a delivery/takeout place.  Online ordering is fantastically easy and comes with a nice discount.  Delivery guy is fast and friendly.Good food: pizza, chicken finger and fries.I have a tenderness for this place b/c when it's like midnight and you are hungry and have no where to go besides mcdonald's, this is a pretty good place for fast food and ethnic in taste and it opens late. In short it has: wings, shawarmas, gyros, calzones, and pizzas, and even cheesecake- little bit of everything but Chinese food 
Delivery: They deliver! You can actually do it online on some app and have them come deliver to you! 
Food: I like their calzone a lot and they do their wings pretty well too. Desserts are little pricey but hey, are you really gonna be wanting that cheesecake after putting down that whole calzone or box of wings, anyways? Calzone doesn't leave you feeling too full or bloated, i like mine with mushroom and broccoli and no peppers. Wings are a little greasy, but what else is new? 
Service: Pretty friendly people who are attentive and move fast behind the kitchen. 
Convenience: Very convenient and a safe place. It's located at the corner of Greys  Fairy and South and so it's convenient and brightly lit at night if you're worreid about safety.I have been going to this hidden gem for more than 15 years and they never fail to please. My biggest surprise was when I tried the Middle Eastern food. It was very tasty and there was more than enough. Even though the other offerings are good I would try the Lebanese offerings. They are a find. Along with the food the people who work there are always pleasant and the atmosphere is friendly and comfortable.I was surprised to walk in this local spot of mine and find beer. I ordered the Shawarma Beef as always it was delicious! So excited I can now get food and beer at this local favorite of mine!RIPOFF. Walked in and there are like 15 options on the menu board so I assume that's all there is to order. Go to register and order a Chicken Sharma and the guy says oh it is not much more for the platter and you get a side of hummus. Sure I go with it and the. Give him my card and this platter is $15!!! I see a menu, grab it, and low and behold the sandwich is $6.75. Are you serious? So I point it out and ask if I can order that instead and of course oh no you can't. Mind you the cook is literally one foot to his left and I can't change my order? Terrible and what a ripoff. So I'm stuck w this platter and it is decent at best. Won't be back.ZERO -NEGATIVE stars but since Yelp makes u give at least 1 I had to give 1. I just had the WORST turkey club of all time here. The rye bread was obvs stale before it was toasted & were like 3 hockey pucks. The sandwich was SMALL for $7 - I feel robbed. It does NOT come with bacon (it's $1.25 xtra). MY usual goto spot was closed for Easter, so I used the wknd EAT24 coupon code but this was the LAST time I ever order from this dump.I haven't had their Pizza shop style stuff, but their Middle eastern food is terrific! My girlfriend and I order from them two or three times a month and always order the hummous, kafta, falafel. All excellent! Pleasant service, delivery guys are cool too.Excellent crispy wings, ask for lite amount of sauce when ordering delivery or takeout. Killer baklava and gyros.  Great friendly serviceSannas wings have three great qualities that all wings should aspire to: 1. They're not greasy 2. The sauce is phenomenal. When they say that their wings are nuclear hot, they're not messing with you. 3. The wings are good quality. Halal wings means that the birds aren't fed hormones to thicken their skin or make them huge for no reason. These are genuine breed chickens with normal sized wings. This makes a difference in taste. This chicken literally tastes like chicken should taste. 
My daughter loves it here because the slices of pizza at the store are the size of her torso. Ask for their sauce on the side. There's some garlicky goodness in the pizza sauce. The Mediterranean food is pretty genuine. I know because I avoid cooking it at home by ordering from these guys.I am a huge fan of their middle eastern food. It is fresh, tasty and plentiful. Their pizza and sandwiches are very good but the middle eastern food is what I go after. The service is always pleasent and the owner is one of the most civic minded business people in the area.I almost feel bad this place doesn't have better reviews. I do understand that technically, there's way too much on the menu and it's maybe not top-quality food.
That said, I love it!! Well, the pizza. And the wings. I've only had those two things. They deliver to me within 20 mins, online ordering is so easy, and I really think their pizza and wings are good! The sauce on both is what really makes it. And they don't skimp on anything. Always lots of specials that are really great if you're ordering for a group. 
If you live in the area and want some good, cheap food, I say give this little corner place a try!I only went b/c my friend lives a couple doors down and we were feeling lazy.
The chicken fingers looked like human fingers covered in red grease.
Absolutely disgusting.Never again.
I ordered the Kafta Combination plate. Both grubhub and the menu states there are vegetables that come on the platter. There are no vegetables. I then called the restaurant (I got delivery) to ask what veggies came with the platter. She stated peas and carrots are put in the rice. Sorry- that's not cutting it. Don't advertise veggies and then put one or two piece of dehydrated peas and carrots in my rice and expect that's sufficient. The meat is incredibly dry and not tasty. The hummus and baba are bland. The tahini is rancid. 
Also they charge a $1.34 delivery fee- the guy called me to come meet him outside to pick up my food. That's not delivery. For $1.34 I expect your the driver to DELIVER my food to my door.
Update: I called and explained my grievances to one of the staff (owner wasn't in). She was nice and offered to compensate. But I stand by my review- not worth the $.Lamb Shawarma sandwich was pretty tough but tasted okay.  To be good, Shawarma meat should coated in tahini sauce which this wasn't..  It has Halal meat if that's important to you.I have only had the chicken parm grinder and humus from here but I must say that they are both very good. They also have quick delivery which is always a plus.The worst. Pizza is greasy and bland, staff is pretty rude. Always feels a little dirty inside. Nothing is fresh or home made - extra container of sauce for a calzone was thrown in with some complaints and freezing cold. Their middle eastern food isn't great either. Such a convenient and large location wasted on a below-bar restaurant. For real pizza, go to Lazaro's or Gusto. Don't waste your time here!I'm pretty surprised at the bad reviews of this place.  I eat here quite a bit and love it.  I don't know what the people who wrote bad reviews expected.  It's a pizza place.  Do they want white table clothes and candles?!?
That being said, the pizza is great.  The wings are great (western sauce rocks).  Also, grilled chicken hoagies are dynamite as are the buffalo chicken wraps.  We love the pierogies and gyro's as well.
Can't say enough good things about Old Towne.  Give it a chance and try a few new things.I ordered the lamb kebob salad, rice, and stuffed grape leaves, and everything was phenomenal. The lamb pieces were cooked perfectly and had wonderful flavor, as did the charred onion and peppers on the salad, which was topped with a light vinagrette.  Grape leaves are some of the best I've ever had. The only thing that would've made it all better would be a little bit of yogurt sauce, which I will definitely add next time. Everything tasted fresh and was hot, and delivery was 25 minutes. Definitely will order again.A couple of years ago when I moved back to South Philly, we used to order pizza and sandwiches from Oldtown & Sannas.  They were okay, but the prices were better.  I have not ordered from this place in quite a few months, mainly because I discovered some great hand-made pizza like Wolf Street Pizza because they even bake their own rolls.  Also the last time I ordered from them my grandson got offended by the way the driver yelled at him for a tip, said it wasn't big enough. I mean come on, the pizza was $8.00 and he gave him a ten and told him to keep the change.  How much did he want? Spoke to manager, and they said this driver has a bad habit of approaching customers for money.  Why was he working there. They apologized but it left a bad taste in my mouth, so did the pizza. Anyway, I order pizza yesterday from Oldtowne and it was horrible!  The crust was obviously premade and had absolutely no taste, no seasonings,  added nothing to the pizza at all.  The pizza was greasy and worst of all, it arrived ice cold after waiting 45 mins. for delivery.  Would not recommend at all.  Too many other good pizzas in South Philly.Disgusting.  We were there just after they opened for the day and there was old food under all the tables (clearly from the day before).  The food was barely edible and totally overpriced.  Don't bother going here!The food is passable.  This is the kind of food you shovel down when you're drunk and then can't figure out why you enjoyed it so much when you return sober.  There's a place for that, true enough, so I'd say reserve this for your post-boozing carb and/or wing bonanza.
I would have given 3 stars, but the last time I ordered, the delivery guy was beyond creepy and blatantly stared at my chest.  I can get better food elsewhere without the creepy factor.  Sorry, Old Towne.Another Foodler.com experience... all went well except I ordered onions and peppers and only got peppers. It was delivery, so it was too late to do anything about it. Decent pizza, decent delivery times, but nothing special.Quick delivery but the pizza is 2 stars at best.  The crust is not as fold-ably thin as Rex's and the red sauce is pretty bland and thin.  The white pizza sauce is garlicky, which is a plus, but overall, it's just meh.  The wings are much better and the actual meat dishes are very reasonably priced and decent.  Stick to the wings and kebabs.We just moved to this area and we decided to go the old Towne and sannas after a friend recommended.. well we weren't disappointed... I ordered a small pizza and buffalo wings and my girlfriend ordered a chicken kabob with hummos.. we decided to share everything to taste both menus... after every bight we were like omg so good.. they were delicious.. amazing and we are now regulars... I recommend this restaurant to anyone that loves good food at reasonable prices. 5 stars.....Maybe most people get delivery, but I haven't seen the place packed. So, don't worry about getting a seat. My chicken kebabs were good, as were the nicely charred onions and red peppers it came with. The kebab portion size is standard and sufficient to serve as a snack.The food was ok (though the buffalo wings was a bit too dry). The delivery was fast. My biggest problem is this delivery man who has a personality that is beyond reproach. A few times, I caught him saying something under his breath. Last time I ordered from there, a friend of mine opened the door and he wanted me to sign since it was an online order (which is fine, policy is policy), however, he had no right to berate my friend because he opened to door and had to come get me to sign it. I don't know if the delivery man has some mental problem or what, but he needs to cool it. Another friend of mines even complained to the store to get another delivery man, but it's the same one (assuming that he might be the only one around). Because of this, I'm not ordering there ever again.Ordering from the halal menu. Incredible size
And great price. You can't beat it. Give this place a chance in regards to there food. A+Just got back from vacation and wanted some wings. I live 5 minute walk from Old Town, but have never eaten there. I called ahead to order so I could pick them up and not wait around. The women on the phone put me on hold - for probably 5 minutes. The voice recording on the phone however said "have you tried are wings?! they hot, and FAST!" Great I thought. I'll just run in then and wait.
Big mistake. I ordered 10 wings. 10. The smallest portion. Was charged almost $10, and waited for 40 minutes. I'm sorry, but 10 minutes is too long for 10 wings.
Opened the box at home, only the see they were the SMALLEST wings in history. Smaller than my little finger. 
Absolute disgrace. They had one chance and blew it out their ass. Will never return.If you are looking for quick food this is a good spot. I get the Falafel wrap and my husband usually gets chicken parm sandwich. We aren't huge fans of their pizza but the sandwiches and sides are always good. Nothing fancy but solid quick food.If they spent as much time and effort on cooking as they do on plastering the neighborhood with flyers, this place would be good.
I had some gyro or chicken kabob meal, can't recall, but all i remember is the food not being good. 
This neighborhood is lacking restaurants and i was really rooting for the food here.First time trying this place and I liked it!
We ordered on GrubHub at 630 and it was ready for pick up by 7.  We got 2 large pizzas (a vegetarian and the "eagle").  Both were very tasty and we no complaints at all.  I recommend the eagle, it's: steak, tomatoes, cabbage and a buffalo ranch; not too hot but enough to slightly feel it.  Would absolutely get it again.
It's a shame that this place has such average reviews, we almost didn't try it because of them but we're glad we did!This is a good place that's convenient. The Middle Eastern Selection is good.  If your vegan it's good.  If you need a junk food fix it's good.TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE
This restaurant shows no professionalism to it's customers. My husband and I ordered via grubhub as we were within the grubhub service area. The restaurant waited about 20 minutes, and then called saying "the driver doesn't feel like going that far." 
To be fair, a manager named Brittany did attempt to resolve the issue. She called the owner and was told to have the driver make the decision. So I suppose the lazy delivery drivers are to blame.
 We canceled our order as they refused to deliver it and had to start the ordering process from scratch with another restaurant. 
I would avoid this place unless you want to waste your time.This place just Sucks. The food is nasty and the delivery sucks i will never order food from them again. There just terrible. I would not recommend this place.Its a pizza place.  Its a Mediterranean restaurant.  Really? Seems like a strange combo but through our apartment complex, we got a deal on delivery so we decided to give Old Towne and Sanna's a try...
Food: 3.0 stars
The Lamb Kabob skewer is delicious.  The Chicken and Beef were good too.  The rice is standard.  The hummus isn't the best and the Tabouli isn't anything out of the ordinary.  The pita bread is large and good.  The cucumber yogurt was a major disappointment.  Still, in a city that doesn't offer many options for Greek or Mediterranean fast food options, Sanna was a good meal.  Reminds me Daphne's Greek Fast Food/Restaurant chain.
Service: 3.5 stars
Their online ordering service works great and tracks your order to delivery.  The food took 30-45 minutes to arrive and payment online was easy.
Location: N/A
Never been to the restaurant
Ambiance: N/A
Price: 3.5 stars
I recommend the Sanna Platter which runs about $12.  We got two combo platters and each were only able to eat half.  Honestly, one platter and a appetizer can easily feed two people for under $10 per person.
**Overall: 3.0 stars
Decent food at a reasonable price and with delivery options, we will definitely be having Sanna's again.  It's nothing spectacular but offers Mediterranean food in a city with not as many Middle Eastern/Mediterranean options.I wish I had read these reviews before I ordered on GrubHub. I only read the Grubhub reviews which were decent. They arrived on time and that was the only good thing about it. The grape leaves were hard and I love grape leaves but these were barely edible. I also ordered the bbq chicken kabob and the sandwich was bizarre. As someone else noted it came with pickled beets inside and I did not expect that at all. They need to add that to the description on the menu. I was surprised to see the pink stuff on the pita. I will not order from here again.The food is really good (get the grilled chicken hoagie) but when you order delivery, they consistently mess up one thing about the order and it's infuriating. No matter how many times you clarify and repeat yourself, they'll miss an important detail. Every. Time.Love the food here. Authentic, great customer service and fast delivery. You can't beat that.Hands down the best meat lovers pizza ever. its soo good. we get it every time we have a friend from out of town come visit. Also the chicken fingers/strips are dynomite.
I haven't tried the middle eastern food, but the pizza here is so good. I've been meaning to try the middle eastern food, but every time I go, I cant resist the pizza and wings. Also, i had their turkey and cheese sub once and that was pretty good too.
This is probably the only place I will go for greasy food now. The owner is a great guy too, very warm and friendly. He asked us for suggestions, and took them to heart. We def saw the improvements the next few times we went in.Great All Around. Especially pizza. Best in Rit/Fitler Square area.Food is great.  I like my chicken chopped up really fine on my steak this is the only place that takes the time to chop it it up.  Every Mediterranean dish that Sam has cooked me is unbelievable.  I have been eating and getting delivery from here for 4 years and have never been unhappy.  Keep up the good work.Gosh, I wish I would have read these reviews before I just got my shwarma on.  Yeah, I dunno.  Shredded lettuce?  I thinks not!  It was basically lamb. lettuce, and hummus in a pita.  On the plus side, there was lots of meat and the pita was nice and soft.  On the other side.....really?  It was packing none of the deliciousness I was hoping for.  I will probably go there again since it's like a minute away and seems to be the ONLY closeby food option.  But yeah, expectations remain low.  BOO!
Edit:  1/5/08
Iiiii totally impressed the shwarma lady!   I told her keep her fucking hummus off of my shwarma, hook it up with some tzatziki, red onion, and hot sauce instead.  She just stared blankly and asked.....where do you get it like that?  That's the right way to eat it in my country!  I'm all, SF, bitch!  Ok, I guess I didn't swear.  It's too bad that they still serve it on pita and not appropriate bread, and that I inhaled half of it so fast that I almost didn't just live to write this review.I saw this menu in my building's lobby and was new to town and so I gave them a try. I loved their pizza both the whole wheat and the regular. Since I can't eat pork, I loved how everything is either beef or turkey based. Their chicken tenders are really good and their garlic buffalo sauce is to die for. Their sandwiches were not so good and is the sole reason why I gave them a 4 as I pretty much ordered everything on their menu. Also their "Mediterranean" food was very mediocre and bland for some items. Overall I would recommend them for delivery and the pizza side of the restaurant.I think you're all out of your minds. I love the lamb shish ka bob salad platter, like Yum, also stuffed grape leaves. Every time I've been there, its been cooked fresh to order and its been delicious.Twice a week, Old Town fills my entranceway with their menus... I really hate that. Equally, I hate the fact that the three doctors in the building are too lazy to pick them up. I digress...
Old Town has one of the biggest menus I've ever seen from like-minded places. The food's not amazing, but if you're trying to appease a crowd of people with varying tastes, Old Town isn't bad.
They close much too early though, and I can't understand why, in a business that's defined by late-night weaknesses.Would not go back. Dolmas from a can and soggy. Flavorless falafel. Seasoning of chicken shwarma essentially rendered it inedible as the finishing taste was very close to cleaning product.Absolutely the worst service I have ever experienced. The girl who works the register and takes the delivery orders is extremely rude. I ordered delivery and the order was incomplete. The girl taking the order refused to admit it was her fault and just proceeded to argue. I ultimately gave up and never received the full order. They would be half way decent if they fired this girl.Decent wings and decent hot sauce included. Horrible pizza. Incredibly bad delivery service.  The delivery people expect you to go out in the pouring rain or bad weather to pay them while they wait in their cars!  I have never seen them enter the lobby at all.  Then they get pissed off if you can't locate them OUTSIDE nonetheless. Find a better place to eat, if you can.Nastiest fucking food ever.
Dumbest chick answering the phone ever.
UPDATE:
Sorry, I don't buy it Sam. The chicken noodle soup had fluorescent colored broth and gray noodles. GRAY NOODLES. Your people have given up. And the girl taking my order wanted to argue about whether or not I could have a separate container for a salad. Why is she so conscious about the price of an additional container? All niceties aside, the establishment is severely wanting...I order from Sannas multiple times a week. The food is always great and the service if fantastic. I usually get the chicken ceaser salad but their sandwiches are very good as well.My first pizza from here was a plain cheese, and it was perfect.  Crisp crust, great sauce.  The second time I got the "Old Towne Gourmet," basically the combination pizza.  My biggest pet peeve for pizza is not using fresh mushrooms, and Old Towne uses canned ones.  Come on, you can get mushrooms, already sliced, for really cheap and they taste so much better than the canned crap.  Also it was not as crisp as the plain cheese was.  I definitely preferred the cheese pizza.  Service was fast.  The middle eastern food is good but a tad expensive for what you get.  Overall a thumbs up.My husband and I have been ordering takeout from Old Towne & Sannas for a few years. We love the falafel pita, chicken shawarma pita and chicken kabob platter. The grape leaves, tabouli and hummus are great, too. Food is consistent, ingredients are fresh and delivery is fast!Ok, do your self a favor and call up Old Towne and get their meat lovers pizza.  It is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!
They have awesome cheesesteaks too.  Make sure to take advantage of their specials, 3 cheesesteaks for 15 bucks, plust 10% off online. 
Amazing food, amazing service, did I mention amazing food? 
Pizza Lovers is AMAZING!!! They have gyro meat on it, you won't find that anywhere else!!!  SOOOOO GOOOOODDD!!!!Very bad pizza, crust was hardly cooked, sauce tasted like it was made from rotten tomatoes.  Boneless buffalo wings were mediocre at best but didn't even come close to making up for the terrible pizza. 
Don't do it, just don't.this joint is close to my house, so i decided to give their pizza a go after reading (a couple) decent reviews on here. 
bad idea.
i ordered a large cheese for pickup & it was ready at the quoted time. good so far, but everything after that was downhill, and fast: i got it home and had a bite - no flavor to be discerned. i almost mean that literally; there was a bit of flavor, but not much! and the crust seemed like it came frozen, honest.
here's the point: don't do it. just don't. order from a place where they seem to actually give a shit about making a good pizza (Francoluigis is still my favorite). 
i mean how ya gonna not even make a good large cheese pizza for pickup? it's the perfect opportunity to shine.
no.I ordered from here a long time ago and had stopped but I couldn't remember why. Today I was reminded. Although the prices are very reasonable my order was not complete. I asked for specific things with my order and I only got one! If that wasn't enough the delivery driver who was the same driver from before has the worse attitude I have ever seen! I will not be ordering from here ever again!The first time I had their Lebanese Pizza I woulda given them 3 stars (it's basically a shawarma-flavored cheesesteak pizza w/ banana peppers, tomatoes and garlic sauce), but apparently their quality control is close to that of a Romanian small-arms factory (bad), because the next time I had it, it wasn't nearly as good (a lot less garlic I think, which it obviously needed). Then, tonight, I tried their shawarma and falafel. The falafel was below average and the shawarma and tabouleh both way below average. The taboleh was almost all parsley (and bad parsley at that)-- hardly any wheat, and bland. The shawarma was way too salty-- and I'm not one to normally complain about too much salt-- yet still bland.
You want a Lebanese fix, go to Saad's instead. It's a damn crime that this place delivers and Saad's doesn't.Neighborhood spot for me that is great for takeout wraps, sandwiches and salads and the like. I'd especially recommend the Mediterranean fare. Not wild about the pizzas.If you're in the Graduate Hospital or Fitler Square area, this is a great spot to grab beer. They take credit card, and it's right down the street from Fine Wine and Spirits. Mediterranean food is good, and I would probably just stick to that. Tried a couple different types of kabob, really enjoyed the koftka. Chicken was in pretty large pieces, but was cooked fine. Lamb is alright.Started ordering Sannas about two years ago and am always happy. The falafel is some of the best I've found in Philly (other than the NYG Halal Carts at Penn) and the garlic sauce/cucumber sauce is out-of-this-world good. Definitely get extra sauces when ordering. Delivery is pretty quick, too!Great pizza deal and the staff (Dana) is incredibly nice! They know their customers and like to please them. Our house orders from them all the time and we have never been disappointed. 
-2231Sam always takes care of me. Chicken kabobs are ridiculously good, I always get double hummus as my sidrs for my pita.  The pizza is excellent and the slices are huge.  They always use fresh real chicken in their dishes. The chicken cheese steak hoagie is another big favorite.  An excellent local place to enjoy a great meal.
RobOrdered some stuff for delivery.  
Lamb and chicken wraps -- not good.  Meat is tough, dry, and bland.  I was hungry and hate wasting food so I ate the sandwich, but I don't ever want to eat it again.  0 stars.
Falafel, hummus, grape leaves -- all okay.  Solid.  2-3 stars.
Pretty inexpensive and the non-meat stuff I had was definitely edible.  If you don't order meat here, it should be okay for food.  
(I didn't try the Vegetarian Sandwich but my friend said the falafel was better.)Got the pizza and wings deal. Prices are right. Wings are okay but they arrived in a pool of oil that actually leaked through the bag and all over the pizza box (see pics). Pizza is very basic and nothing special though the thin crust was nice.I love this place I order here all the time for me and my kids,, they great me wonderful and they are always so nice,, everytime someone ask were to get pizza I always tell them about olde town and sanna,, there good is great I would never order from anywhere else but here, always my kids 1 choiceI would give this place zero stars if I could. Terrible service, and the person that takes orders is extremely rude.
To add to it, I used the atm at the store. It notified me that an extra charge of $1.75 would be applied. I get the cash out and notice that $2.00 has been deducted and printed on my receipt. Upon asking the owner, he simply tells me that $2 is not a big amount to pay when other places charge up to $3. The point is not the amount being charged, my issue is with the fact that you're aware that your atm machine charges more than it states, and you're quite okay with concealing it from your customers.
Never coming back here!This is my new favorite place. Been in and had delivered. I've ordered 3 nights this week. The shawarma is the best in the city. You have to try the tahini. Next I had the lamb gyro the meat was amazing and so was the tzatziki sauce. The 3rd time we ordered pizza. The kids enjoyed that with their curly cheese fries. I highly recommend this place.I'm giving it two stars just because the delivery was quick. 
I ordered the chicken shwarama platter, and while it wasn't disgusting, it's a struggle to call it anything but bland. The hummus was okay, but the pita was more of a wheat tortilla than anything else. The tabouli was...just there. The chicken was the worst part, it tasted like someone took an individual breast, fried it in a pan, and threw some seasoning on it. 
Add to the fact that it was $14 for that (a price I would be more than willing to pay for decent food) and yeah, I'll be looking elsewhere.