People may be weary of this place because of the location.  Please do not let that stop you.  Best Philly you can get anywhere, and you will not be disappointed with he size.  May be more expensive than others but worth every penny.  If you are visiting, try the famous ones and then come here to ease the disappointment.It's not awesome. It's not terrible. It's convenient. Big sandwich small bucks. I think they are a tad dry.Best darn Cheesesteak in Philadelphia. I eat here everytime I am in Philly. Do not go to pats or genos. This is where its atI'm a very picky cheesesteak eater.but Damn that's one good sandwich. ? I lived in Kensington for 55 years. I dropped the ball. This is a great steak sandwichAwesome late night cheesesteak at a great value. Keep it simple and you will receive your order quicker. Not a classic, but close enough.
This place will settle your late night craving for a cheesesteak, but it just lacks a lot of...something. I don't know, maybe the steak is lower quality than others, or maybe it's just the constant rush on the cooks that lower the attention to detail, but something is lacking from these sandwiches. I ate my steak and was barely satisfied. To top it all off, and I know this can happen to any restaurant (even the best), my friend found an eyelash in his steak when he was inspecting the steak's spices. It's the last thing I wanted to see after already suspecting that they don't care too much about their quality.Sooooo they aren't open until 4am??? I figured two since I haven't tried them...
I'll be back to give a thorough review, but obviously not on the late hours...Really good enough meat clean place definitely will go there again !! fast service nice size try it.One of my guilty pleasures. I love the price and the quantity of food you receive. Not the best cheesesteak but definitely the best value. Hours are great, especially on weekends. 
I recommend calling in your order and going to pick it up. Easier than waiting the 10 minutes.Not the best cheesesteak in town but really great value. It is a walk-up window place on Lehigh and Kensington, so if you don't feel like waiting around too long in the hood, you should probably call to order ahead. The orders take around 10-15 minutes, they usually cause they already have people waiting around. I didn't get the "1 lb cheesesteak special" cause it had pepperoni and way too much going on but I got a 2ft cheesesteak for $11! One regular large cheesesteak from anywhere else would be 10 inches for  around $9~ so this is where the great value comes in. We also got a large fries for $4. There's an ATM if you want to pay with cash or if you use a debit or credit card there's a $0.75 charge. My boyfriend shared and ate 12 inches each. The bread is good, the seasoning lacks a little flavor, and you could tell the cheese/meat isn't the best quality. The meat is finely chopped so it looks like a lot but it's actually very little meat compared to other famous cheesesteak places. For example, I usually get a 10in cheesesteak at Joe's Steaks and finish probably 3/4 of it being extremely full, but I was able to finish the full 12in with no hesitation, so definitely a lot less quality. For the price, you can't complain! It gets the job done and it's still pretty good food. Great for gatherings! Big enough to share and the sound of "one pound cheesesteak" will get any crowd going :)I had the special. It was the best damn cheesesteak you can find on a corner for $13. I also tried the water ice. It was not a home run like the cheesesteak but it was not bad for $1. I had the special without mushrooms and stuff. Only meat, cheese, and fried onions, ketchup, and mayo. Jesus it was amazing! I wish i bought 2 of them. They have a small pull up parking area which is nice bc they are literally on the corner. They also have a seating area for those that can't wait to tear up that special.  I'm upset i live in NJ BUT i would not ever pass by this area and NOT pull over. This is a must have.First off its a cheesesteak stand, maybe some of you are used to that maybe not...this is more of an FYI.  It's in the hood, and underneath an overhead rail line.  Cheesesteak wasn't all that bad, but honestly I've had better.  Extremely pricey for a stand too, a family of 3 I paid almost 35 dollars...didn't feel it was worth it.  Honestly wished I gone somewhere else.  Also, it didn't help the experience to ha e at least 3 homeless people come ask for money, and when I said no sit down right next to us to ask other walkerbys for spare change...Had a Philly cheesesteak because why the hell would you order anything else? Cheesesteak sandwich was best one I've had. Bread crisp, meat hot & a good amount of cheese - what more can you ask for?Meat is always seasoned well,overall I like this place ..not in the best area but idc i will be backOnce upon a time we watched a TV show about cheesesteak subs in Philly. They put Pat's and Geno's on the pedestal. Well, a group of us went there for the day, trip to the museum, beautiful zoo (I think it is the best in the country, at least beats Baltimore Zoo and DC zoo as well). 
We went to Pat's first. Big bread roll. Huge line of people. Tiny amount of meat and basically, everything dry. Size? Enough for five bites. Price? Overpriced. Geno's was next, the only difference that bread roll was soggy. Then one of us suggested One Pound place. Literally, a hole in the wall, nondescript neighbourhood, but the sub itself... Melt in your mouth experience. TONS of meat. You can ask them to put more meat/less onions, they do. We buy several, now every time we go to Philly, neighbours ask us to bring them some cheesesteak from One Pound place. THEY should be on TV! They should be famous, not these Pat's and Geno's places... What a joke... Well, I guess One Pound Cheesesteaks has to be Philly's little secret for a while. I hope they stay the same when they are famous.Great cheese steaks at a really good price, I love the fact that they don't close and I can get a 2 foot steak for about 12 dollarsThe place to go when the other places are packed to the max, and I've got no time or not the mood to wait, cause I need to drive back to CT. If size does matter, than this is the spot for you! If it's all about flavor... don't do it!
Peace!I travel through Philadelphia everyday for work.  Every time I passed One Pound Cheesesteaks I always wanted to stop, but never did.  I happened to be commuting right by one day and stopped.  I got there at 11:45am.  I then quickly realized that they do not open until 12.  I waited until 12 and approached the building.  Although they weren't ready, a server came out and took my order.  
I had a small cheesesteak with American cheese and an order of fries.  It took longer than expected, but I realize I was the first order of the day.  By the time my food was ready there was a line of customers waiting to order.  I estimate it took roughly 20 min.  There is no inside seating but there are a few tables outside.  I had to order to go, as it was 100 degrees that day.
I found the cheesesteak to be average at best.  It wasn't overly stuffed with meat as I expected.  The fries were good, and the portion was also pretty large.
Being from the area; there are plenty of other options that have a tastier cheesesteak.  It is also located in a "rough" part of town, so I wouldn't go out of my way to get there.This is the cheesesteak that prevented world war three. When Christ comes back the one pound cheesesteak will relieve him of his burdensIt was simply okay. Having been to a lot of places around the city, I've had better. I've also had worse. So yeah, it's a cheesesteak, it's in philly. So yeah, it is okay. That's about it.Not the best cheesesteak in Philly, but a perfectly decent one that will more than satisfy your craving for a good cheesesteak. Certainly better than any others close by. Getting a 2-foot long cheesesteak is a pleasure in itself.I was quoted it cost $11 for two foot long cheesesteak via online messaging which impressed me. I was curious to try out this place even it's 25 minutes drive for me each way. I ordered it. Upon arrival, it was told it cost $13 plus .50 cents extra for hot and sweet peppers. I was too hungry to argue that I was told it's $11 via texting from them. It wasn't cheesy enough and the bread is meh. The steak itself doesn't have much flavors. I have tasted better ones like Silvo's in Hatboro which made their own bread. Yes it is 2 foot long. So one star for wrong price quote at counter verse what I was told via texting and 3 star for quality. So overall it's 2 star. Philadelphia is famous for cheesesteaks and I have practically tried most of them.Let's be honest: a one-pound cheesesteak is a hilarious idea. One star, at least, for that.
The actual steak is standard Philadelphia, not amazing, and not terrible. The buffalo chicken I most recently had could have used more cheese and hot sauce, but at 1 a.m. when you're hungry on the north end of East Kensington, where else are you going? It replaces the defunct (and delicious) Grilladelphia for me.
By the way, split the one-pounded with two or three people.I've got man-tits so the idea of a one pound cheesesteak was too much to resist.
This is located in one of the worst neighborhoods in America....there are people waking around like zombies and its not from the high of chessesteaks!   If you find yourself stranded in this super dangerous area then One Pound Cheesesteaks is like an oasis in the desert.
I got the chicken cheesesteak with hot peppers.  It was really good and hit the spot.   I hope I never come back to this neighborhood again but if I do I'll make another stop here.By far the best cheesesteak I've ever had. The meat was tender and flavorful, the cheese was perfectly melty and delicious, and even the roll was tasty. A great value for the price! 
Something that is important to note is the location. If you're not familiar with Philadelphia, this is not a good area. Maybe I'm a wuss, that is very possible, I've lived a sheltered existence. However, I would really recommend you drive here, preferably with a friend, park close, wait for your food near the counter, and avoid making eye contact with strangers.It's cheap, open late after evangelism you get a lot for your money, taste great! Order everything on it.This is where is at!!! Its more of a $$ instead of a $. Is it worth it? most defenetly.The subs are out of this world. One of my favorite places. This place is a must. Plus they are open intill late! :0)I had the chance to try this place recently. We had the 1 pound cheesesteak with cheese fries and chicken cheesesteak. The meats were seasoned very well. And the cheesesteak was HUGE! Two people shared it and still had some leftover. I didn't taste the cheese fries but my family seemed very happy eating them. I got the chicken cheesesteak with provolone cheese and mayo. It was very filling and delicious! As other reviewers mentioned, the place is located in a seedy part of town so I recommend that you go there while it's daylight. But otherwise the food was very good and service quick. You order at an outside take-out window. There's a couple of benches and a counter seating area to eat or wait for food to cook for to-go orders.So, I've been a bit backlogged with my reviews, and its been a while since the visit, but  there's only one word to describe One Pound Cheesesteaks when i rolled up on it last week, "Clutch". Originally we tried to go to 3-4 different places all of which wound up closed early, or having shut down their grills and fryers despite being open. Suffice to say we remembered One Pound and their manly hours of operation, 2 AM closing on SUN-THURS, and 4AM on Fridays and Saturdays- that's something we can get down with.
Thursday in the late-night we rolled up, buddy grabbed a normal 2-ft steak- that's it. Meanwhile i grabbed a 2-ft steak w/ salt pepper and ketchup, an order of cheese fries, and an order of chicken fingers as well- hadn't eaten all day.
Locations nice all things considered, couple of benches nearby, some umbrella's, seats and a counter, tons of photos plastered over the whole thing- its pretty cool.. Foods made fresh to order, gets banged out pretty quick, and its fantastic for the price- i think, i cant even remember how much i payed- all i remember is being A-OKAY with the price.
Was a little colder out that day, and the wind was kicking up but the food stayed warm while i went to town on it, steak was fantastic, needed more cheese- but was well seasoned, the ketchup i wound up with was closer to salsa. (No complaints, was FANTASTIC.) Roll was nice and fluffy surprising given the time of day.
Fries were nice and crisp the way you'd want them to be before soaking them in wiz, (Not Whiz) which was decent, could have used some salt or seasoning out the fryer before being tossed in for their wiz baptism.
Biggest surprise here were the tenders, these aren't any vendor i'm familiar with, so i'm pretty sure they're made in house, some light Italian breading and thin chicken breast, like some homemade-chicken parm- threw me for a loop, really enjoyed it, had some texture issues, but that could be easily fixed by a second wash and breading.
Its a nice place to sit down and go ham on some grub, they even accept cards as long as you spend $10 or more, and a charge if you spend less, plus there's an ATM conveniently outside.  I'll definitely be back here on the late night again.
TL;DR?
Thoroughly consistent, dirt cheap, food being served quickly late at night? 
SIgn me up. 
Flavor & Presentation 4.25/5   |   Service & Speed 3.66/5   |   Price & Proportion  4.25/5
Overall  4/5I was quoted it cost $11 for two foot long cheesesteak via online messaging which impressed me. I was curious to try out this place even it's 25 minutes drive for me each way. I ordered it. Upon arrival, it was told it cost $13 plus .50 cents extra for hot and sweet peppers. I was too hungry to argue that I was told it's $11 via texting from them. It wasn't cheesy enough and the bread is meh. The steak itself doesn't have much flavors. I have tasted better ones like Silvo's in Hatboro which made their own bread. Yes it is 2 foot long. So one star for wrong price quote at counter verse what I was told via texting and 3 star for quality. So overall it's 2 star. Philadelphia is famous for cheesesteaks and I have practically tried most
Updated I am giving this place one star. They didn't make any efforts to communicate as if they don't care. That to me is a major flaw in how they handle their business. Any complaints must be met with a good resolution and avoid alienating an unhappy customer like me. I'm a connoisseur of cheesesteaks as I have tried most of Philadelphia's popular hoagie spots. Also I make the best cheesesteaks for my family and friends. It's my passion and i don't see any passion in this location. Avoid it. There is plenty others who would be happy to serve you well.I've had a better cheesesteak at diner's. There was nothing on the bread, and there could've been a lot more cheese. Plus, the meat was bland.  I went all the way to Philly just to get a PHILLY CHEESESTEAK and i was extremely dissappointed. Don't go here if you want your first Philly Cheesesteak. Plus, the service wasn't all that great. There is no where to sit, it's just a counter you walk up to on the street and have to stand outside for 8-10 mins for your food.If you are in the mood for a cheesesteak but don't want the usual tourist fare and you are a brave soul then this place is worth checking out.
The neighborhood is about as sketchy as they come.  There were several families living in their cars nearby and asking passers by for assistance.  The shop itself is a cross between foreboding and closed looking.  On the flip side the place is festooned with photographs of people enjoying their steaks as well as happy people holding up their 2ft steaks.
Cheesesteaks are comprised of 3-4 components: the roll, the meat, the cheese and optionally fried onions.  The rolls used at One Pound are fresh and tasty, soft and chewy, in other words, Just Right.  You can select your cheese.  For the full Philly experience, choose Wiz, but the "insider" order is provolone.  Other options include American and sometimes Mozzarella.  I was leading a tour of out of towners so we took a 2ft roll with wiz.  As for the meat, I break it down into old school and new cuisine.  Old school uses chopped steak.  New cuisine uses thinly sliced, better cuts of meat.  One Pound is old school.  Not my personal favorite, but well executed for what it is: Good and salty.  Lastly the onions.  I am not a fan but for our large group we got half onion and half without.  In my opinion, the onions were not cooked through enough.
Overall, I felf their rolls are up there with the best but the rest of the steaks are just everage.Must be  just my order this was terrible food. Let me Atari with the unfriendly cashier. The food is mediocre food . No flavor, not 100% sure it's steak. Fries are soggy so I wasted $35.75 here. Looking for a trash can since one isn't located outside the restaurant to dump my food. 
No I do not recommend this place for food. 
Positives: drinks were very cold to quench my thirst. And lots of street parking.This was absolutely horrible. Ordered a cheesesteak no onions, no anything but pickles, apparently they took that to mean no meat just ketchup mayo fired onions and pickles. Ordered cheese fries got fries. Ordered dessert got nothing.Do not recommend!!!This Place got good cheesesteaks but the Neighbor hood is Dirty and nasty and that takes away from the businessWhen you're in the mood for a cheesesteak and you're really hungry, this is the place to go. I usually get the steak just with provolone and onions. Or the buffalo chicken cheesesteak. The meat is good, the onions are fresh, and the rolls are perfect. For what you get the price isn't bad either. On a good day I can finish the whole cheesesteak and an order of fries. And leave totally satisfied.
As was mentioned, this place is located within one of the worst parts of Philly. You'll be within a few blocks of prostitutes, hard narcotics, etc. There are a lot of homeless asking for change too which can get irritating. It doesn't bother me but if you're skittish then bring a friend, lock your car, and try to avoid the zombies.WHO: party of 3
WHY: hunger 
WHAT: (Deets) super long Philly cheese steak, provolone cheese onions and peppers. Hold the ketchup! This is a walk-up window business. I am in Philly 1-2 times/ year, and though there are decent spots on South Street, this is my go-to. The meat is flavorful. The toppings are fresh, and ultimately, it's consistently delicious. 
WHEN: March 31
WHERE: take away
HOW: car
BATHROOM: n/a
WIFI: n/a
DRESS CODE: as you like
SERVICE: prompt, cordial
BOTTOM LINE: treat yourself to THESE fairies. Sooooo worth it!
TIP: though it may appear so, it is not likely closed, even very late at night.This place is close to my new loft. The service was a little slow, but that's understandable because they were busy. The food was overall good, but nothing to rant about. It's good for a quick easy bite.Let's be clear here, if you've ever parked your car anywhere within a quarter mile radius of One Pound Cheesesteak, you know exactly why you came to the area.  All reasons of which will clearly be detrimental to your body in varying degrees, depending on your purchase.  Let's concentrate on the one that will raise your blood cholesterol, the one pound cheesesteak.  
It won't land you in jail, nor would it give you the clap (I think).  It's big, cheap, and salty; which I suppose would be the better (and safer) choice of other big, cheap, salty things you'd be able to find cruising the area.  And then they close daily at a time that can only be described as unsavory.  Once you take note of that, it's easily imprinted in the mind that as time slips into the AM void and the brain takes on an increasingly induced limited function, you'll know where to go to feed the need as your other options close up shop.
My name is Daniel Tran and I've eaten at One Pound Cheesesteak.Carrie is the dopest!! She took great care of us. Loved everything about these cheesesteaks. Nice soft bread and good ration of peppers and onions to meat. Will be coming back every time we visit Philly.It was late, I was hungry and One Pound Cheese steaks was just around the corner from Fish Town.
I was a little sketchy about going here knowing that it wasn't the classiest part of town, but it was the closest so we went.
I ordered the one foot pepper cheese steak with green peppers, pickles onions, and ketchup. Being an out of towner, it was a rather awkward experience ordering, the lady gave me lots of funny looks but that comes with the territory I guess. But lets get back to the cheese steak. When we got it back to the house and unwrapped it was one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. The bread was so soft, the cheese was so cheesey the pickles added a little crunch, the onions and peppers added the perfect amount of flavor. Now this was only my 3rd Philly cheese steak but it was the best one thus far. So if you feel like getting a little sketchy and venturing out to One Pound Cheese Steaks its worth it, and you'll have a good story to tell.A lotta people didn't think Creed was gonna be a good movie. They saw the preview and thought it was just another pointless Hollywood remake/reboot that was trying to cash in on a beloved franchise. 
But if you weren't standing up in the theatre shadowboxing and rooting for the good guys, then you are a heartless piece of work. 
One Pound Cheesesteaks is the Creed of Philly Cheesesteak places. Don't count it out. It's got more spirit than the big names and it's trained on the streets. It has nothing to lose. And after you eat here, you will believe. 
FIVE STARS. Undisputed Cheesesteak Champ in the One Pound Division.What I enjoyed most about the Cheesesteak was the fact it was neat. I ate the sandwich while driving back to NYC, and never got any on my clothes. The taste was great, and so was the presentation. Place seems to be located in a suspect area, but I always felt at ease. The lady at the window was pleasant, and gave off good vibes. Will return here in the near future.DO.NOT.GO.
It only gets one star for service. The kid behind the counter was friendly enough. 
When I got back to my hotel room, there was little to no cheese on the actual cheese steak and the meat was shredded (nearly to a pulp) AND unseasoned. It was really runny and soggy.A little bit of a gem 10 minutes outside of Center City. My friend brought me here one night after leaving Sugarhouse Casino because the line at Genos was wayyy to long. There aren't many all nighter Cheesesteak places in the city other than Pat's and Max's (both of whom are great but have very different styles). I call this place a gem because while there are usually a few people, you won't find super long lines here, and food takes about 10-15 minutes. Even if this is not in your route and in the 'hood, it is worth the journey when you need food at 3amThe cheesesteak was not horrible but herion has ruined Kensington. 4 different ambulances went by. A group of teenagers harassed a woman panhandling. Another woman was trying to eat a cheesesteak but she just kept rocking and itching herself. I drove down Lehigh Ave to get away from the activity and eat the CS but had to move again because a man was checking cars for an unlocked door.Hey guys! This place is awesome! I really like the giant hoagies and steak sandwiches I'd give it a full five stars, but i got a chicken cheese steak from here last night and I was really disappointed :( this was my first time getting a chicken cheese steak from this place.. I did like the fact that there were chunks of chicken, but it was really fatty and full of cartilage! Ewww! Not to mention that the sandwich was dry and had like no cheese on it! I will go here again for other stuff, but i doubt I'll get another chicken cheese steak. I will say though their regular steak sandwiches are delish! YumOk but nothing to get too excited about.  Between the mediocre service to the prostitutes on the corner trying to solicit from us, I'd say that I won't be returning.Seeing this place for a cheesesteak and splitting it between my boyfriend, my sister and I; the idea of a 2ft long cheesesteak was a no brainer. Coming here after having a couple drinks only fueled our appetites that yearned for a long roll filled with cheese, mushrooms and chopped steak. As long as it is crunch, hot off the grill and tastes good, it's good enough for me. I've had better and I've had worst but with all of us happily filled for around $12-$15 I would say mission accomplished.
There is some outdoor seating as it is a walk up to order window and with the rainy and cold night that we had when we stopped in we were glad that we had our airbnb nearby. I'll stop by again and grab another type of cheesesteak and be sure to update this review when I do.This just a convenient papa store or Bodega(for my new Yorkers) cheese steak made for you on your drunk nights when shit else isn't open. COME ON YELPERS WE GOTTA START KEEPN IT A BEANThis 2ft cheesesteak lasted me quite a while! Alright amount of meat, a soft long roll and even though cheese was extra $, they added it anyway which I appreciated! Hamburger roll was also alright, and I enjoyed both.One Pound Cheesesteaks is a late night savior for late night revelers, night shift employees, first responders and anyone else who finds themselves on the rough streets of the "Badlands" after most normal businesses have closed for the evening. 
I have been here many times and have always enjoyed the experience. This is not a "celebrity" cheesesteak joint (thank God), you won't see a Food Network episode of here (that will probably never happen), but you will get a solid product here. I recommend getting an order of pizza fries to go with your cheesesteak. 
It is a walk up type place. Walk up to the window, order your food type deal. I never had an issue with the service and always enjoyed the food.
As I said, it is in an area of Philadelphia known as the "Badlands" so you won't find too many tourists standing in line. This is definitely a neighborhood that will have you wondering how safe your car will be if it is out of sight. But you will find a solid cheesesteak at a great price. Oh, and don't forget the pizza fries.When visiting Philly... you must do what Philadelphians do... Cheesesteaks!
Well in my case that would be a "Chicken Cheesesteak 
When asked where to go this establishment will not readily roll off peoples' tongues, thou it shall. For some reason it's assumed that if you are visiting Philly you want the spots that the tourist come to Philly for, which may be true for some. Albeit a little overrated for me. 
However, this spot doesn't give any flash or fuss like others might it's definitely a great competitor. A walk up window on the sidewalk. You place your to-go order with all the fix'ins or not then you wait. Once it's ready you grab and go. You will be in for a surprise. The No Fuss provides for a very good, may even surpass some of the competition, Philly Cheesesteak (or chicken) experience.
On my list of "must stop" when visiting or driving anywhere close to Philly!
Just A Note:
Do not be discouraged by the area definitely off the "beaten path" but worth the adventure and they stay open late and food travels well.