A newly opened gem in Fishtown/Kensington! I've been three times in the month the business has been opened because I can't get enough. 
They have a variety of their own ciders ranging from dry to sweet so there's something for everyone and a ton of local breweries on tap. 
I've loved every menu item I've tried - the brussel sprouts are on point, the halibut (their take on fish and chips) is delightful, the chicken sandwich didn't disappoint, and the cheese plate is one of the best I've had. They seem to have rotating specials as well, so be sure to check their social media for updates! 
The physical space is a good size and fairly industrial so it can get a little chilly and loud when there's a lot of people, but it just adds to the fun. They also have board games to play while you enjoy your drinks. Definitely worth a trip - you won't be disappointed!What a great place. I'm a huge cider fan and to be able to come to a place and get a flight is amazing. Add on that the cider is delicious and it will blow your mind. Great ambiance and food too. Hope this place is here to stay!!!Original 13 Ciderworks is the first cider brewer in the city. It's in the Old Kensington area and hopefully will be a staple of the neighborhood for years to come.
I tried a flight of their ciders which included a semi-dry cider a cherry cider a strawberry cider a blueberry cider a very dry cider and a ginger bread cider. I really enjoyed all of them the blueberry was possibly my favorite.
If you aren't a big cider fan they also have a great local craft beer menu and they give you the option to do mixed beer and cider flights. 
I had the duck confit fries which were incredible, I highly recommend them as tasty snack while you drink and play one of many board games they have available. 
The service was excellent and everyone was very friendly. The bartender knowing I was a big Sixers fan put the game on a projection screen for me so I could also watch the game while I enjoyed my beer and cider.Came here with my girlfriend for early dinner and drinks on a Saturday.
We sampled the flight of all of their home-brewed ciders, and all 6 were delicious. The sweeter ciders had great flavor, and I liked their dry cider a lot as well (pro-tip: mixing their dry cider with one of the sweeter flavored ones was awesome).
We tried the brussels sprouts by recommendation, and it came in a bug shareable portion that was the best sprouts we'd ever had! We had the burger as well - it sounds fully loaded on the menu so that interested me. It was a tall juicy burger with lots of flavors going on. My favorite part of it was the spicy pickled green tomato on top.
The space was nice as well, with a generously sized bar and a good amount of table seating. It's great to see more business popping up on American! We highly recommend Original 13 for either drinks at night (they have a great beer list and cocktails in addition to the ciders) or for a great dinner. Definitely try and share more than a few items - there's still a lot I wish I got to try but will have to wait for next time.Wonderful atmosphere! My husband and I stopped for in on a whim, and LOVED the food. Would highly recommend the Brussels sprouts, cauliflower, and turkey wings. Of course their cider is phenomenal!Great vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. I had the Beet burger and vegan potato leek soup. Highly recommended! The ciders are outstanding along with the service. I was told that the menu changes regularly. Definitely worth trying out. I'll be back!So many gluten free and vegetarian options and what great ciders! I particularly enjoyed the strawberry one. Great spot, cool atmosphere and lots of optionsI'm not a huge fan of ciders in general (more of a triple pale ale gal), but I tried the flight and it was delicious - tasted just like juice! My boyfriend and I also shared a cheese plate, soba noodles, and beet falafel.  I loved the noodles which had a refreshing ginger vinaigrette. The beet falafel wrap was a surprising hit with my boyfriend, who tends avoids anything vegetarian. There's not much to write home about the cheese plate other than in comes in good-portioned wedges. The atmosphere overall was nice, not too noisy like other local breweries. I'd definitely come back with cider-loving friends.Best cider and music in the city!!! Great location, good menu, and the music playing is old school and fun. I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
I recommend getting the cider flight so you can try everythingGreat cider, great food, what's not to like. I mentioned I expected the ghost pepper glazed chicken wings to be spicier, and they offered to bring out some of their ghost pepper powder. Added that extra kick I desired! Talk about catering to your customers tastes!I give this place a 3 star rating only bc we went at a late time and couldn't really get a full experience. However I will say that the service and the drinks were on point! I'm no beer drinker but after tasting a couple I think I can indulge every now and again. The manager offered us a desert in a cute wine glass that was phenomenal (sorry, I can't remember what it was). I wouldn't mind going back and shooting for the full experience. I like the location and the simplicity.I had no idea Original 13 existed until two weeks ago when a friend suggested meeting there. We went around 11pm on a Saturday and it wasn't crowded at all, which meant plenty of time to chat with the staff and learn more about the place. I've been back once since then, saw the same staff, and had a great time.
I'm not a huge cider fan, but did "help" friends with a cider flight, and liked them all except the bone dry. If you're into sweet, tart ciders, there's plenty to choose from! I've gotten beers there as well, and there's a moderate selection if ciders aren't your thing, or gin and vodka cocktails.
I've enjoyed the food so far, particularly the soba noodles and cauliflower. The noodles were super flavorful and interesting, and the ghost pepper glaze on the cauliflower made the dish something special. I'm looking forward to going back to try some of the meat dishes, particularly the pot pie. I'd love to see some smaller snack-type dishes on the menu at some point.
I'd recommend taking an Uber/Lyft to get here, or drive if you're not planning on partaking in too many ciders. It's in a relatively thus far undeveloped and poorly lit part of town, and parking is easy most of the time. There are board games to play if you're in the mood, too! I can easily see this becoming a fun neighborhood hangout spot.While Original 13 Ciderworks is new to the neighborhood, their food and drinks are top notch. I came and tried a flight of their ciders, all of them which were delicious.  They have 6 of their Sir Charles line of ciders. Original, Strawberry, Sour Cherry, Blueberry, Pumpkin, and Bone Dry. I followed it up with their beef burger which was also amazing. This burger takes it to the next level by adding pork belly! There's also a full bar with mixed drinks and beer if anyone in your group isn't a cider fan. I highly recommend making a trip. You won't regret it!Truly enjoyed a flight of their own ciders, they have 8 varieties, and some tempura shrimp and fries sitting outside on a breezy summer evening.  Dog friendly outside. She loved the food too. No cider for her!My friends and I stopped by on a quiet weeknight after checking out some gallery openings nearby in the Crane Arts building.  This was always busy on previous times I walked by so it was more inviting to see empty for once.  
What can I say?  Over all the experience was great.  I love the extra dry cider so much I had two; it's rather strong and affordable so ... yay.
After seeing some sandwich platters pass by on way to other patrons, I realized I NEEDED to try some food.  My friends and I all enjoyed what we ordered.  My burger with black garlic aioli and pork belly was among the best Ive had in town; that's saying something because there's so many good ones in the fishtown area.  My friend got the beet falafel and it was HUGE and good.  The rabbit my other friend had was also really good.  So pretty much we added this to our list of great walking distance spots.  
Also, the bartender was super friendly and staff were welcoming and always asking how we were enjoying our food/drink.  
The only thing this space needs is a little more character, decoration or something.  Im sure that will come with time.This is an amazing addition to the Kensington neighborhood. Amazing staff, great food, and wonderful ciders.Cider was amazing and the beer was great as well. Place is cool. Will go back. Food was ok. Roasted vegetable soup was more like roasted vegetables and no broth. The chili was too salty. The pierogies were great. Will go back but not for dinner. Fries looked good. Cool vibe.This place is great! I was visiting my sister for the weekend and she doesn't like ciders that much, but it had a wide variety of options: cider, beer, and mixed drinks! I also have celiac disease and this place was great for food. Almost the whole menu was gluten free! I would highly recommend stopping by!Very happy that this place opened walking distance away from me. These guys are making some great ciders, get a flight to try them all, the Bone Dry is my favorite. I was also pleasantly surprised by the food, I had the Turkey wing and the Brussels sprouts which were both great. My friends had the beets and the burger, which they said were delicious as well.I can't believe the good fortune that has gifted us a Ciderworks here in Philadelphia! We used to travel to Vermont for cider and now we have amazing cider right here where we live! The Blueberry cider is amazing; just wonderful. Not funky at all, with a clean, clear dry taste. I hate overly sugary or weirdly flavored cider; this is nothing like that. I've tried cider in cities all the way up through Canada and while Vermont has great cider, I have to say that I am in love with Sir Charles Blueberry. Seriously, come try this place. And come again. I've been here 3 times in two weeks and I can say that it's on the radar for a 4th visit very soon!Definitely my favorite of the cideries in the city!  For me it's because most of their ciders are on the sweeter side, but they also have a wide selection to pick from.  The vibe of the place is what I'm looking for too--low key, open feeling, and they have a bunch of board games to play!Have been in twice since they opened Thursday (10/19). The cider is good, looking forward to when they roll out more traditional cider options, but others in my party were very impressed with the strawberry and pumpkin varieties. The food was really fantastic. Had the Chicken sandwich and the apple pie and both were amazing. The cauliflower and mussels were also very good. 
The happy hour is pretty decent, $3 ciders, $3 kenisnger and $6 flights. Hope they add some food items to the happy hour down the road as well.
I am really looking forward to my next visit and do plan to be here with some frequency as it is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. 
Only issue is I want to try other items but the chicken sandwich is so good I might not be able to make myself order something else.For the most part, cider in Phildelphia is... not very good. You get your standards, maybe a Redds or an Angry Orchard or something, but it is almost impossible to find something that is not apple (MAYBE pear) flavored.
Finally, Original 13 Ciderworks is bringing a large number of good ciders to Philly. I have had a few of the ciders and so far they are crisp and have some flavor. The fruity ciders could stand to pack a little more of a punch - there is no need to be so coy or subtle, if I am getting something other than an apple cider it is for a reason - but you do get some good refreshing flavor out of it.
The venue is large and feels a bit empty, even when crowded. I think the proportions for the ceiling, seating, etc are off; it's noticeable if you go from the nearby La Colombe here how much of a difference design can have. But it's fine, it's a nice venue to be in.
The Ciderworks also has a lot of good boardgames (hello, Settlers) so this is definitely being put on my go-to hangout spots.
The food was okay for the price. I understand everyone wants upscale food and upscale prices these days, but if you're going to do that you need to have the quality to back it up, especially if it's the standard New American kind of menu items that every other restaurant in the area is going for. For the most part what I had was okay, though the duck fat fries had the taste of old or overcooked poultry which was not very pleasant.
All in all, I will definitely be back here because I love cider and the cider here is good, the board games are comforting and fun, but I probably won't get the food again.Just got back from Original 13 Ciderworks tonight and we loved it! We first heard about Original 13 at the Pour the Core cider festival. My fiancé and I started with a flight of ciders. We both really liked the Strawberry Valkyrie. We also ordered the special crab hush puppies, wings, pierogi, and burger. The cider was incorporated into the food and everything was delicious. My only small complaint would be that the pierogi came with a lot of butter, as in a pool at the bottom of my plate but it was still delicious. The wings were a good size and the sauce was tasty. My fiancée loved the burger-served on a challah roll. Original 13 also has a beer and cocktail list, as well as vegan and gluten-free options, something for everyone. The lemon basil cocktail was light and refreshing. The atmosphere was nice and they have plenty of board games to keep groups entertained as well as old school Nintendo. We'll definitely be coming back!This is a fun new place. They have more than just cider too! Beer, cocktails, and some amazing food. Plus, I'm a sucker for any place that has table top games. They have an old video game system you can play projected into the wall, but have a wide array of card and board games you can play at the table. I would recommend the blood orange cider with the bourbon cream added3 stars... 
1. Cider was very good. Their extra dry cider was excellent. Very smooth and light even with 7% alcohol. 
2. Fries were great but Kalbasi sandwich wasn't very good overall. Too much bbq sauce- and didn't Slice the sandwich which made it a mess
3. Mostly the reason why they get 3 stars. The service was awful. Walked in there with a small group of 5 people- to the bar. We were the only one at the bar and It took the bar tender about 15 minutes to pour us ciders. She would carrying on conversations with other staff before pouring anyone a drink. She ended up not taking any payments till the end and just guessed what people had (it kind of worked out since I paid 38.00 for 3 people to get 8 drinks and a sandwich). Despite all that, I still think the service was really bad. 
4. It's a destination, since you can't really walk to much around there so you would expect better.What a hidden gem! 
Pros:
Went for brunch. Food was excellent! Had a pork belly taco which had great green salsa on it and nicely cooked pork belly. Also had the breakfast burger which was simply just well cooked burger full with a nice runny egg and everything. Also came with very nicely cooked potatoes. Nothing fancy but executed well. 
Big variety of ciders and the servers are very helpful in choosing. 
Spacious restaurant area, easy to talk, fantastic music, looks like they have lots of cool events during the week, and they have a GREAT board game selection!
Cons:
Its in a really random part of Philly I suppose...
Hope to be back soon!The service is incredible and always friendly. Jon the bar tender is amazing as well as the other staff. Just had the steak frites and it was the best thing I've eaten in a long time. Awesome!!This place was great. Great cider and food, but even more importantly great atmosphere and service. 
Our server Evan was fantastic. Friendly, attentive and just generally cool. He had great suggestions on the drinks based on our tastes and when we mentioned liking the music they had on (pretty alternative) he had great suggestions on local night life with a similar vibe.
The place also had a big shelf of board games you could grab and play, a big screen you could play classic video games on, a dart board and lots of cool art including some funky Marvel superhero art and a painting of the Millennium Falcon.
The only reasons I didn't go for a 5 are I like my cider a bit more on the sweet side than the had on hand and while the food was good it was a tad more artisanal than my burger and fries taste... but that's the curse of my existence and the friends I was with loved the food.
If you're considering it... try it. It's more than worth the visit.
I plan to return next time I'm in town.Great ciders and mead, scrumpy is on point also. Food is absolutely amazing, the chef puts his heart into the menu and it truly is delivered.I've been on a cider kick lately. 
When I noticed an Untappd friend check in the likes of cranberry sauce cider and blueberry cider, I knew I had to carve time into my busy holiday weekend to visit this brand-new cidery in Kensington. They opened five weeks ago but have been producing their product for a few years.
The location is industrial and kind of out of the way, but it is walking distance to Saint Benjamin's Brewery and the Fishtown bars and whatever are close by too. I don't think the semi-seedy placement should be a deterrent. Just take an Uber.
I walked in midday on Saturday and easily grabbed a bar stool. I was immediately helped and requested the full flight of their current house ciders. For six 4-ounce pours, the price was $15. Not terrible; only slightly high.
The flight itself was really pretty. I tried them one by one -- which a couple next to me thought was hilarious -- but I feel like that was the best way to really focus on each cider's unique flavor profile.
Included were the traditional (average), blueberry (sooo good), cherry (cough syrup but mellows), strawberry (light but nice), cranberry (favorite), and the bone dry (not too dry).
I ended up purchasing two 32-ounce growlers to share ($20/each) -- one of the blueberry and one cranberry. I'm excited to see what other fruit-focused ciders they release in the future.
Service was fast and friendly, which I appreciated since my time was limited. Other patrons were really nice too. I was a solo visitor but was in conversation basically the entire visit.
The cidery also offers a full menu of food. I heard others rave about the burgers, and they did look good but I had just eaten elsewhere!
Additionally, they don't have TVs but they did have football streaming on the wall via projector, so that was cool.
I do hope one day they'll break down the back wall so visitors can see into the cidery operation itself. That would've been a fun sight.
Otherwise, I'm a total fan of this newbie booze spot, and I will be back!Excellent service, ciders and food. Left very happy. We drove to Philly for the day from Maryland and was in the mood for cider. Looked this up on the way to Philly and was pleasantly surprised by how good the ciders were and the food. I had a flight, their lobster mac and cheese and korean wings. All of it flavorful. 
I also loved the atmosphere..from Brooklyn, NY and it reminded me of the 'old Brooklyn vibe.' You will not be disappointed in the variety and ciders, food and service. Will definitely be going back.Great bar that really focuses on local ciders and beers. I'm not much of a cider drinker at all but I really enjoyed 3 of their house ciders. Great beer list as well with mostly local Philadelphia beers. They have a great late night happy hour deal and super friendly staff. The only downside is the location is in an area that's pretty undeveloped. This place would do a killing if it was right in Fishtown or Northern Liberties but I'll certainly be back.This is a great place to hangout. They always have a variety of beers and ciders to choose from as well as great food. They also have a bunch of games and outside seating. The staff are super friendly. Love this place !Such an amazing cidery. Really lucked out and visited on a beautiful day, and sitting outside was amazing. Definitely get the fries, and I recommend the cider sampler.Any place that has board games when I first walk in is a winner in my book. Located in FishTown in a quiet part of the area, you'll find this place alive and kicking with groups at the large benches and tables with others at the bar top. With a projector for the local news or the latest game or music to entertain you; you'll find yourself in good company enjoying a flight of ciders or some of the guest taps. There were a couple of them that were out for the night that we were there but we were still able to enjoy a strawberry and blueberry cider mixed with one of the drier ones so it would cut down the sweetness of it. 
We started the day at Reading Terminal Market another hot spot in Philly and were trying some samples of the ciders and were gifted a free drink token to redeem there. We all enjoyed a pint on the house and enjoyed a few others afterwards. I ended up trying the mead cider as well that was pretty good.
The layout of the location is nice and easy to maneuver. As I said at the beginning there are large tables that you'll have no trouble meeting a new face and maybe starting a game with them as there is a wide selection of games ranging form party and group games to some that are a little bit more intricate. There are also games on the walls like darts and hooking the ring. 
The place will be a local stop for me when I return to Philly once in a while to see what else is there to sample and even partake in some of the food that comes out of the kitchen.I have been following Original XIII (13? Thirteen?) Ciderworks through Kickstarter and Facebook for a while, so when we found out they offered a 15% discount post-Pour the Core this weekend, we made a beeline to check them out. I didn't realize it was only the 3rd day they were open! 
Our waitress, Victoria, was a pleasure. She was friendly, always had a big smile, and was eager to answer any and all of our questions. She made pleasant conversation but knew not to overstay her welcome. 
We started off our visit by ordering 3 different flights ($10/each). There were 6 ciders on the menu that day, so there were some duplicates but we each ended up with exactly what we wanted. I tried the Deep Blueberry Sea, On Wings Of Cherry, Ichabod Pumpkin Spice, and Atacama: Bone Dry. The blueberry was definitely my favorite and I ended up taking a 6-pack ($12) home with me (they offer both room-temp and chilled 6-packs!). 
The menu had a lot of tempting bites, but we decided to split the brussel sprouts ($6) and I'm so glad we did. They were bite-sized and perfectly seasoned. I haven't had them with shredded apples before and it was a lovely touch. 
The venue itself is very welcoming. There were probably a dozen or so tables, seating 2, 4, or larger groups. I loved the light fixtures and various decorative touches. There is an old window frame hanging on the wall listing the drink options. The bar was large and I regret not sitting there for a drink just to experience that side as well. Altogether, it's larger than a tasting room but on the small side for a restaurant. I could see them specializing in appetizers or dessert for those who want to go elsewhere for an entree (although, from what we saw, the entrees here are huge!). The neighborhood is up-and-coming but I saw lots of people riding bikes or walking their dogs so it looked safe to me. 
I can't wait to see how they grow and evolve moving forward. I don't usually go to a restaurant within the first few weeks of opening but these people were already pros on Day 3. This was a great experience.Eat and drink here.  Seriously good food and beverages, excellent service, really fine vibe.Why are the nachos so superior to every other nacho plate I have ever had. I also loved the bone dry cider. So happy to have this place in the neighborhood !Had the cider sampler. They are great. Dry was my fav, then blueberry. Had rabbit pot pie, and salmon sandwich. Wow, that pot pie was perfect for a winter night. I took a napSupport local business!!! In my ongoing quest to make sure to leave positive reviews for places I love, I couldn't leave this place out. 
The best thing about Original 13 on top of great food and cider is ambiance. Emily is the reason why I continuously come back. She makes the bar feel like family and while I have never been considered a regular anywhere else, she quickly took me in making me feel right at home.  EVERYONE else on staff there is wonderful as well, but I have to say that she is the heart of the cidery. 
Not sure what to order? She'll give you recommendations based on your taste and will make sure you find something you love. To be honest, I didn't even think I liked cider before I started coming here, having always been a fan of IPAs instead. After about a year, I'm constantly trying everything on rotation and I consider myself a cider convert. Thank you Emily!!!!Amazing food fantastic cider!  5 stars all the way. The Brussels sprouts are worth the trip alone.It's across town but I still make the commute. I love it here. Dry ciders, sweet ciders, tequila drinks, and pretty good food. I do wish they had a few more vegan options so I often will eat elsewhere and return to drink here. As far as times of Covid, management cares about staff here and isn't out to just make a buck unlike the other places where staff is forced to wait on wearing a mask, while you have yours off. Interaction with staff is limited, as you order inside with a mask and then take it off outside to eat and drink. There isn't a lot of foot traffic going by when you're dining outside either. Oh and did I say they are dog friendly? Try the strawberry (sweet) or cherry (sweet and tart) ciders! I'll keep going here because I know the staff and I are both safe here.I am not a beer drinker at all but love cider so I was especially excited to try this spot! I love when you get to taste a few different things so Its cool that this spot offers tasting flights! We split a flight of four, three ciders and a beer. Tried the blueberry, strawberry, cranberry and a beer I can't remember... beer wasn't for me but he said it was good! Each of the ciders were very flavorful, the blueberry really stood out but we were having a hard time distinguishing between the cherry and the strawberry (but also may or may not have been bar hopping for a while before hand =P). Loved all three of the ciders!
We were also craving something sweet and decided on the Budino...chocolate, salted caramel and cherry! So unique!! Will be back for more cider and to try the food, have already recommended it to fellow cider lovers! 
My only suggestion to this place is that they add some more decor/art in general... just a thought =)The cider here is excellent but the inside feels so industrial and sterile, brand new, cold, literally cold as they pump the a/c so that its freezing. Not a super welcoming cozy environment with any ambiance so we usually just get growlers to go. Love their dry ciders, nice addition to neighborhood.Best cider I've ever had. I got a flight and every single cider, from the original to the strawberry rhubarb was absolutely delicious. Each had extremely distinct flavors, which is often lacking in ciders.
Cute little place. Very nice and attentive bartender. We also got the French fries and for something so simple, they didn't disappoint either. Absolutely delicious.
I wish I lived closer because I'd be here all the time! I can't wait to go back and will definitely have to buy some cans or a growler to go next time. So glad this place exists.I love their brussel sprouts and the buffalo cauliflower was great!  The cauliflower wasn't too heavy which left me looking forward to a second order.  The ciders are great and the vibe is perfect.  There's normally a game playing on most days and if not its a place you can feel comfortable in a group or solo.Cool atmosphere, great cider. Haven't tried the food, but I bought some of their gingerbread cider to go in a growler, and it was great. The bartender talked me through their different offerings, and let me taste samples of the ones that interested me. Glad to see more interesting spots opening on American Street.Nice little cidery in Fishtown!  The food was pretty good.  I had the cheesesteak egg rolls.  They had some of the best fries ever, too!  The homemade Wiz sauce was kinda boring, but they tried.
The ciders/beers were good and NOT expensive.  My buddies had the flights and they liked most of them.A small establishment but a very nice brewery. My friends and I tried the flight of ciders and it was all great. The food was amazing, totally filled us up, and the spicy honey was a hit. They also provided games and saw some families inside as well. An all around great place to be.I'm a cider fanatic so this place was a must stop for me. Decent location in Fishtown with some sidewalk seating. The decor is fine, nothing fancy but thumbs up for the board games when you walk in the door. What's important is the cider. Great selection of their own stuff plus a large menu of other local offerings and cocktails. Plus the fries were banging. If you like cider even a little bit it's worth the trip.Of all the cideries in Philly, including Hale & True, Kurant, and Commonwealth, Original 13 is by far the best. The location is great, large space, with games and even Mario Kart on the projector. Service is incredibly friendly! My favorite ciders include: Strawberry Alkaline & Blueberry Sea. The cherry and original are also very good. I've enjoyed trying the meads and the seasonal drinks as well.I came to original 13 for the first time, and I loved it! It's a great space and I'm sad I didn't find it sooner. 
They have a ton of cider options, cocktail options, beer wine and even a cider wide! They also have tables, a great food menu and board games! It's a great spot to hang out, similar to frankford hall, just all inside and cider!
My friend and I shared the six cider flight, which I highly recommend. It allows you to try all their cider options. I really like their blueberry cider and bone dry cider! I will definitely want to come back here!These guys know how to cider. Grab a sampler, a cheese plate, and some fries, and kick back and play a few rounds of Guess Who? on a Sunday night before the workweek begins. Life can't get any better than this. 
Note: kitchen closes at 10 on Sundays!Great cider, tasty bar food with vegan options, very friendly staff. Lots of board games and ample outdoor seating. Fries and Pierogis are amazing.Board games, great jams, nice bartenders, amazing in-house ciders, plenty of seating and street parking nearby. Like honestly- what more could you want? I honestly can't brag about this place enough. They've got a great set-up going, and I foresee much success in their future. 
So the ciders? Banging. I'm not much of cider drinker, because I'm not super into sweet drinks. They had 7 ciders on draft, and I was able to try all 7 with a $17 flight. That's a steal for 7 delicious 5 oz. pours. I was able to split it with my friend, and it was enough for us both. They currently have a season draft : a gingerbread NITRO cider. A NITRO CIDER. It's so smooth, with just the perfect amount of sweet and spice. The ABVs average 6.5%. I'm a huge fan of all their ciders - from their Bone Dry (made with NO sugar) to the Strawberry Valkyrie (strawberry shortcake in a glass), there's something for every palate. If you're truly ANTI-cider, they offer a good mix of craft beer and cocktails too.
IF ALL OF THIS IS STILL NOT ENOUGH TO GET YOU HERE: their food menu looks AMAZING. I didn't have the appetite to eat on my visit, and I still almost ordered something because it all sounded so GOOD. 
This is the perfect place to hang solo, with a date, or a large group. There's lots of good table and bar seating available. The staff? Amazing. Our bartender was kind, funny, chatty, but not overbearing. Knowledgeable guy.
Honestly, sending all my good vibes to Original Ciderworks. I'm a really big fan of their operation. They're doing something right. Can't wait 'til next time!The wife, daughters and I have visited before and while I don't drink cider they all love it.  Fortunately O-13 has a fine beer selection also.  That combined with the atmosphere and awesome staff makes it a pleasure to go there.  I have not yet eaten there but my family has and they loved the food.  The biggest reason I decided to write a review is we visited last Friday night and were seated at the bar.  The wife and I were talking about a recent trip to a Meaderie (sp) and how we thought it sucked.  The gentleman behind the bar happened to overhear us and started talking about mead and we shouldn't let the bad experience sour us.  He gave us samples of a mead they had fermented along with several other items they had on premise.  Turns out his name was John and he is the owner of O-13.  He proceeded to hype coder week in Philly, recommended some other local cideries and extoll the virtues of mead. A tremendous and hospitable fellow.  He just further added to our enjoyment of the place and while it was never in doubt he gave us one more reason to come come back.  Thank you John!Really nice low key place to go for lunch or dinner. I'm not huge into cider but got their cider flight and wasn't disappointed (the blueberry cider and peach were my fav). Their southern chicken sandwich is amazing and I would order again! The place did have a bit of a strange smell but aside from that I was pretty impressed.Awesome place in Fishtown with great cider and great food!
Stopped in a snagged an outdoor table on a recent Friday night without a wait, though later in the evening I suspect there was a short wait. We arrived around 5:55 pm and were able to squeeze a last minute happy hour order in before the clock struck 6:00pm --- from 4-6 pm on weekdays, all cider pints are $4 and there are some food specials as well.
I started with a pint of the Strawberry Valkyrie, which was absolutely delicious and a must-try. I later split a flight with my fiancee and got to try all of the cider offerings plus one mead, and while all were yummy, the Strawberry remained my favorite.
Now for the food: the pierogi were incredible, probably because they source them from Czerw's, maker of so many delicious Polish foods that can compete with my Polish grandmother's food. Highly recommend!
We also tried the Apple Guacamole BLT,  which was a fun twist on the standard BLT and came with excellent fries.
We'll be back, especially because I'm hoping to someday take advantage of their board game collection as well!I've been twice now, and both the ciders and the food are great!  I was a little skeptical about that "apple guac blt"  (Apple?  In Guacamole??) but turns out it was very tasty, and the pickled jalapenos were a great addition.  Fries are great - just the amount of crispy I like, and perfectly salted.I can't believe I forgot to review this place....
I'll keep it simple.  Pro's and con's
Pro's: Decent location (watch the construction!), great inside, super friendly staff and a fabulous selection of cider.
Con's: Hmmm..... can't think of any.
Tip: If you want to play a game AND drink cider.... this is the place.  They even have the games!  Also, follow them and watch their site for special events, so you don't show up when they are closed like we did once.This is my favorite cider close to me, but it took me almost 2 years to get there after I tried them at the cider fest. Barely any space due to COVID, but I didn't care. I had a sip, bought my cider to go and I was out! Love all varieties - including the seasonal cranberry -except hoppy and dry cider (just my taste).Great ciders, cocktails and food. Surprising amount of vegan options, including Beyond Burgers. Great vibe and amazing staff! Neighborhood gemAwesome place with great staff and super good cider.  I am a cider drinker as of 2013 when I had to stop drinking beer.  This pub opening up is a true joy.  Its located in a safe yet not so populated spot (not yet at least) so parking is a breeze.
The bartender can answer any questions that you may have about cider and their various offerings.  They make the cider in house in the same building, so talk about keeping it local!!
On offer is much more than cider, many beers on tap as well as the distilled stuff.
What I really want to come back here for, though is the food.  I had dinner plans so didn't order any food, but the menu offerings and bar neighbor's food look amazing.  I have a feeling this is a real sleeper, but not for long.
Check it out and if you like the cider, you can even take out.  Super cool to have this unique bar to access.  Will be back again and again!Original 13 is a staple. Located a few blocks off of Girard it is a great spot for happy hour, trivia, brunch on the weekends and overall fun place with LOADS of games to hangout with a bunch of friends. They have both outdoor and indoor seating. The atmosphere is great too! Has a very "brewery" / inviting / friendly feel to it- very genuine. 
The staff is great and very helpful when it comes to picking a cider to drink but they also have other beverages including beer! 
They have a lot of vegan options on their menu that are DELICIOUS (I had a tofu sandwich for brunch once and it was incredible- big portion too). Also their veggie burger is YUM!! 
If your in the area and are looking for a place to hang for the afternoon, I definitely would recommend going!