I never write reviews but Overbrook Pizza is so worth the few minutes it will take. Especially since it does not have enough reviews that reflect its sheer awesomeness. Yes... awesomeness. I have been eating there for about 2 years now after moving in around the corner (no, I am not a St. Joe's student). It has by far the best pizza, cheese fries, and of course cheesesteaks in Philly. Not to mention, I can now verify for myself that Will Smith gets his cheesesteaks there. Yesterday he walked in while I was waiting for my pizza and acted like he was in there all the time. He is very chummy with with owners. He even said the same guy working the oven was there 20 years ago when he lived in Overbrook! He spoke with everyone in the place and was incredibly friendly. I highly recommend Overbrook to anyone!So, this is where my buddy took me to get a 'good cheesesteak' after we had a disappointing outing to Peno's (yeah, because Pat's and Geno's are pretty much the same to me.) We drove here and this was after having cheesesteak belly from the other visits. If Overbrook's was just decent on a full stomach it would have to be pretty good on a normal day. 
What I got instead was a GREAT cheeseteak that I ate in no time at all. My friend and gf were amazed with the speed that I demolished this sandwich after having eaten twice prior. It was that good, it's a super small walk up with no tables but the sandwich was delicious, cheap and I think the fact that there are so few photos for this place is because everything's eaten before you realize a photo would be nice.Best cheesesteak around, lightly toasted roll... Flavorful, not greasy...just perfect. Great fries too... Crispy outside, thick fries. Service is great. Very friendly and they do it with a smile. Prices are better than a lot of places too.Love this place. Great pizza, great salads, great hoagies, great cheese-steak. It's take out only (no seating).  Delivery can be slow on busy nights, but if you are willing to pick up your food you can get it fast.My co-workers often order here for a quick lunch or small group. Sometimes they take a little longer than expected (we have short tempers and are located very close to Overbrook Pizza), but the food is always tasty and fresh. It's not going to blow your mind with gourmet flavors or anything like that, but it's just a great, small pizza shop that makes decent sandwiches and salads. Not too pricey, and the delivery people are super-friendly, stopping to chat with people while they're here and ask how things are going.A small place with a lot of heart...
And did you know that Will Smith highly recommends this place for the best of Philly taste? ...Well, I should know...I went to the same grade school in Overbrook as Will- he was a grade behind me. 
Will is right...great taste and great service... the staff working and joking with customers at the same time......finally I found a spot that I  can really trust for my cheese steaks.
Thanks Will.Overbrook Pizza is the place to go if you want pizza nearby.  They're not just good for their pizza, they also have very good quality cheesesteaks and fries that are perfectly crisp.  The bread for the cheesesteaks are quality and the cheese perfectly meltsThe customer service is decent and the service is quick relative to other pizza shops.I live around the corner and this place is very affordable and tastes delish! I almost always order the steak stomboli and cheese fries which comes to about $10 and some change big enough to feed my boyfriend and myself and not too greasy! great staff always friendly and we order from here at least once a month.Literally the BEST pizza and cheese steaks in the Overbrook area, hands down! Super sweet staff and the prices are really reasonable.This is our go-to place for pizza in our area.  The pizza is consistently well cooked and tasty (their regular pizzas are I'd say a medium thin crust), and the salads have real greens in them - not just a box of iceberg.  They are, as mentioned, sometimes a little slow, but they're also consistently friendly and the place seems clean.  I'd definitely recommend if you're in the area.Ordered delivery last night and I understand that it's Saturday but we were told it would take 45 minutes and it took almost two hours! The pepperoni pizza was alright, but honestly nothing special. White pizza was dry. Delivery man was rude. I definitely agree with other reviewers that they discriminate in delivering - we live around the corner from the location. Delivery should NOT have taken that long.I love overbrook Pizza they have some good Pizza. Infact they have the best pizza in weat philly. Very friendly staff.Delicious pizza, cheesesteaks, salads, etc. Family owned, great service, super fresh and delicious food. We make a stop here every time we are in Philly ! Even if we are only here for an hour. Worth the trip. Recommend it 100%I'm going to admit right off the bat that this is my neighborhood pizza place, and so I'm inclined to find it superior to any other place.  But seriously, I've never had such good neighborhood grub anywhere else in the area.  The pizza is delicious, the cheesesteaks are great, and my dad swears by the chicken finger platter.  Also, it's worth trying the Greek-style chicken sandwich - thick with spinach and feta, it's totally my go-to for a yummy dinner. (My lone complaint is probably the fries - they're pretty blah.)
The most random surprise about this place, though, I think, are the salads.  They're always fresh and flavorful - not the generic shredded iceberg lettuce you get from other places around here.  The tuna salad is my favorite, but the grilled chicken caesar is a tasty version of a restaurant staple.My family has been going to this place for more than 20 years and it's been my go-to neighborhood pizza joint as long as I can remember. Unfortunately, I moved out of the area recently, but every time I'm back I make a point to get a cheesesteak from Overbrook. 
The people are friendly and the food is both cheap and delicious. It's pan pizza, which isn't quite like how most by-the-slice takeout pizza places make it (it's kind of like Boston Style Pizza, if you're familiar), but I'm a HUGE fan of their cheesesteaks and they also have great fries and salads. 
This is the kind of place that knows their customers and makes a point of saying hello when they recognize a familiar face. I really can't speak highly enough of the food, the staff and the overall establishment. It's a neighborhood mainstay that I hope will be around forever.If you love crispy crusted pizza and oven baked cheese steaks then you'll love Overbook Pizza!  I've been lucky enough to have lived in Overbrook for years and enjoyed their food every time I've ordered.  There's not much better period....and there's nothing better in Overbrook.My boyfriend and I wanted to stay in and order a pizza. We wanted to try a new place so I found this restaurant on google and it had great reviews. I ordered a large pizza for delivery. We got caught up watching something on TV and I realized that an hour had passed since I originally called and ordered and we are only a half of a mile away. I called to check in and they said they'd be here in 2-3 minutes. He arrived and the box looked pretty small. The soda was cold and so was the pizza. I opened the box and it was pretty small for a large and extremely greasy. We will never order from them again. Extremely disappointingI've purchased food here so many times. I was convinced they had the best cheesesteaks in all of Philadelphia. Then one night, I received a cheesteak hoagie that was inedible. Myself nor anyone in my household would eat it. It was gross on every level. I went back the following day to politely inform the restaurant about my experience; after i told the situation to the person behind the counter, he held up one finger and made me wait over 10 minutes to receive any type of response. I left. I will not be returning. Overbrook Pizza, you just lost one of your most frequent customers due to your poor food quality and poor customer service. Sad to say. I raved about you for so long.I love overbrook Pizza they have some good Pizza. Infact they have the best pizza in weat philly. Very friendly staff.Legit take out pizza. It's quick, affordable and tasty! I walked in and ordered a large cheese pizza, was out the door with a fresh made pie 10 minutes later. Their salads are worth it too!Most pizza's come with a ho-hum sause,  Overbrook has a distinctive sauce that you Will remember.  The pizza's are well worth it and you won't get bored. The meatballs, in sandwiches or otherwise are not to be missed - great.  The fries are also unique - and then you're hooked. So I know there are a thousand pizza places in Philly, but don't miss Overbrook. Tell'em Paul sent you.One of the hallmark places near Saint Joseph's. Some will say Larry's has the best steaks, but that is just wrong. Overbrook does.
Owners are quite friendly and know most, if not all, of the regulars by name. It adds a personal touch to the business that many places lack.
They have great prices and great food. The pizza is cooked in a pan, giving it great crust. The calzones are also to die for and packed with tons of meat and cheese. 
The cheese steaks, as I mentioned, are to die for. They do them very close to perfection. The rolls are toasted, the meat and onions are fried to perfection, and the cheesy is perfectly gooey.
The shop is very small so you cannot eat-in. They deliver quickly and cheaply.Great Pizza! Hence the name "Overbrook Pizza"! The pizza is always phenomenal and the staff is great.  I usually pick-up rather than wait for delivery.  You can't beat local mom & pop pizza shop! As far as their delivery practices go, I can't blame them. It's dangerous delivering food, better to be safe than sorry! Keep making the great pizzas!!Get delivery to our job site nearby. The delivery drivers are always friendly and prompt. 
The food is solid, nothing crazy, just good pizza shop food. The wraps are phenomenal though. Buffalo chicken wrap is where it's at.Hands down best pizza in Philly!! Especially the Greek . Awesome customer service, these guys have been doing this for years.I have ordered from this place and the food is the worst. Don't waste your money...or your time...I ordered food for delivery...I literally live right around the corner...and have to constantly call because delivery takes forever. By the time your food gets to you its cold and the employees are extremely rude on the phone. I will be ordering from this place again...I'll call Vincent's Pizza.I'm from NYC but come to Philly all the time to visit my mother. Everytime I come to Philly I have to get a cheese steak. I have been to 50 or so places over the years but overbrook's cheese steak is the best. I order it with extra meat because I don't mess around. The fries are also top notch. Now the pizza is disgusting. I tastes like it was made at a bowling alley. Tombstone is an order of magnitude better. I don't even think they hand slap the dough. It is way too thick and has no flavor, but what does Philly know about pizza anyway...love overbrook pizza ! great food,good service. this place is my go to for great greek style pizza. crispy crust,hearty sauce,cooked to perfection. have ordered here for 10+ years.not to be missed ! just wish thet were open on sunday in in summer!This place is great for a lot of things: pizza, philly cheesesteaks, chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks. the staff is great and very friendly. the only problem is that there is no place to sit. the pizza is pretty good but small and can be a little salty at times. overall, it is definitively worth a tryConsistently good. Nice non-chain alternative in the neighborhood. I also like their onion rings.Had this pizza many times at Saint Joes. Better than the 2 star chain joints like pappa and hut and about average for the area.My husband and I go here once a week/ the pizza and salads are great! 
You'll also like fries with cheese sauce on the side and cheesesteaks with hot peppers. 
Bill and staff are great- enjoy!One of the best Stromboli's I have ever had! It was stuffed with goodness and flavor! The dough was soft and not dry. The chicken was juicy and delicious. Don't get me started on the cheese!!!! 
Best takeout ever!!!!This place said they were were going to deliver my Broccoli bites. the same night I ordered. PBA AND FOP FORGET this place. They play you....  After the POLICE INCIDENTS....The owner said "I DONT TRUST YOU GUYS".  they push us OFF. FT. WE have a better spot 15th and 19th. They undercooked my steak. Really? I called back and the OWNER called me a LIAR and hung up on me. 27 years    THE next day I had to go to the bathroom for the whole day. Smh.So, I live, maybe 5 blocks straight up the street for this store. I have not been disappointed with anything I have gotten from them. I also drive down and piçk me order up. Tonight, not feeling like driving, I called for delivery, only to be told they don't deliver here.....5 blocks straight up the street, in broad daylight. Some underhanded racist s***.......I will not, yes I will starve, be eating from them again....Our favorite pizza place, the best in West Philly. Family owned & super friendly. Salads are fresh with generous portions- I always get the turkey salad. Cheesesteaks are fantastic, definitely recommend the pepperoni steak. Pizzas are consistently delicious, you will never have a bad or burnt pie!The Greek salad is outstanding!This is a DAMN fine cheesesteak.  I ate it in my car, since they have no seating.  Meat was high quality and coarsely chopped (as were the onions) so there is something to CHEW!  Cheese melted in perfectly, and the roll "toasted" just enough to crisp the edges but not dry out the fresh bread.  Sauce was slightly sweet, but very well seasoned.  Fries were the type dusted with corn or potato starch for extra texture and were served crispy and hot but still soft inside.  If they has seats, I'd be there a lot more.  For the price, there is no better steak in Philly..  and very few at ANY price.This is my local one and only pizza shop. It is take-out only. Pizza is the Greek-style which I grew up on and love.  They make a great cheese-steak and their salads are wonderful. I order from here at least once per week. The owners treat us right. They get to know their regulars, which we appreciate. I will always be loyal to OBP!It's hard to meaningfully review a place that has been consistently recognized by West Philadelphia's own, Will Smith!  Nevertheless, their food never fails to amaze me!  The staff is always friendly and the walls are full of nostalgia!Can't believe Overbrook Pizza has only 5 reviews.  C'mon this place was given the stamp of approval by Will Smith!  Screw Geno's or Tony Luke's I'll take a cheesesteak from here ANY DAY (so good).  If you go you MUST try the buffalo chicken pizza I guarantee you'll be hooked.   The guys working the counter are always friendly so that' s a plus.My favorite menu choice is their Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak  also cooked to perfectionIgnore the rock-solid, oily crust pizza (seemingly endemic to Philly's Greek family owned pizza places...why?)
This place has some of the best cheesesteaks in Philly.  That's why you should go here.I don't care where you are from there cheesesteaks and strombolis are KILLING the game in Philly and everywhere else for that matter! I drive from uptown 2X a week to get something from them! Always polite and friendly they remind me of the 80's when people were polite and customer service oriented! Don't waste your time with them other guys take the ride and get addicted to Overbrook pizza!This place is hands down one of the most consistent pizza/cheesesteak places in Philly.  When I indulged more frequently in my youth of the constant diet of stromboli's, pizza and cheesesteaks - this was my place.  Now, that my constitution cannot take the constant diet of fast food - I come here every so often and no matter what - it NEVER DISAPPOINTS!!
I take all my out of towners here to satisfy that "Philly Cheesesteak" Tourist Tasting - they always gain more fans - I need to be on the payroll...Great food and great people.  I've been going to Overbrook Pizza for many years.  Consistently tasty food, reasonably priced.Since the 80s I have ate at this place. I have moved twice over the years and I can agree with some of the other reviews that they would not deliver to certain areas. I always lived around 68th and when I briefly moved to 63rd they would not deliver to me. Besides that, years later and about 2 months ago, I ordered a chicken Stromboli with a bunch of toppings and they brought me a chicken cheesesteak that cost me $17. I was so pissed because the guy was rude as hell and put me on the phone with a so called manager who said she believed the guy who placed the order and not me. She did nothing to correct the situation. I had so many people ordering from there and when we entertained we would put in orders from there all the time. Most of our family is from the main line and they enjoy the food when they come to the city. Thank goodness for Italian Kitchen and thank goodness they make great food! Who needs Overbrook PizzaStopped here because I heard good things. Well when I first walked in to place my order, the guy at the counter looked at me like I was crazy. I should have known from that moment....it wasn't going to be good.  I got a cheesesteak, and it wasn't good.  I ate it because I was starving, but I will not be going back.Love ordering from this local pizza shop. It's much better and more fresh than the other pizza places nearby. You also can't beat the price! My family and I usually get their salads and pizzas which are delicious. Their salads are fresh and provided in generous portions with a side of bread. The pizza sizes come in large (about $8- $13) or small (about $5.50- $9). The large isn't as large as you would think- I would say it's about a 2-3 person size. For 4 people, we order 2 large pizzas. Again, the price is great and the ingredients appear fresh. Give this place a try!Five stars for one reason only, the cheese steaks.  I have purchased exactly three cheese steaks (so far) and all three were great.  The best cheese steak I've had in Philadelphia ever and I've been around for over 30 years.  If you bitch or complain they just tell you to shove it up your and never come back.  I LOVE THAT.  Some of the people they have to deal with are ignorant animals who should be in a cage and not free to roam the streets looking for pizza and cheese steaks.  Order your food, shut up, and get the hell out.  That's how it's done in these parts and if you don't like it.... oh well... NEXT!Let us all address it now. Will Smith clearly had and may still have awful taste in cheesesteaks and pizza to claim this the best. I had to be harsh, but Jim's or dalessandros is taking best. Geno,s Pats, Steves, Ishkabibbles are in the running too. Overbrook isn't better than larry's, or even overbrook market for that matter. I digress from my pissing contest. Its decent all around and accepts Hawk Cash, so welcome to my life. F*** the fact that they say 30 minutes no matter what and it has been over an hour the past 3 deliveries.So, I'm from New York, I have had better pizza but Overbrook is the best on the mainline. 
I don't eat from Overbrook that often because their taste and quality is inconsistent .I just ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with bacon.  I ordered it once before and it was ok, so I ordered this again. This time was a total fail!  The bread was wet and mushy from slimy hot tomato and soggy lettuce. It was over-saturated with mayo and just a sloppy nasty mess. Needless to say, it was disgusting, a total waist of money. I had to trash it.  They also charged me a different price for the same sandwich I ordered before, not sure why? But, I think I'm done with Overbrook or perhaps if I do I will just stick to pizza.went here a few weeks ago and forgot to post my review. the food was delicious and the delivery time was reasonable. i will be ordering again!Had their cheesesteak hoagie and cheese fries the other night and they were both delicious. The cheesesteak was well made and it was held together on a great roll, one of the best steaks I've had from a pizzeria. The staff was friendly and quick to get my food out. I will definitely be getting more steaks from this place. Only con is that I won't be able to get my cheesesteak fix after 11pmSo I ordered my food @ 6:49p and it's now 7:57p and it's not here, I called the place @ 7:30p to see where the food was and she said it left. I jus called back and this IGNORANT WOMAN says to me "You ordered here before right? So u know how long it takes" Now let me say this was our first time because we heard how good the food is. So needless to say as I'm writing the food comes, 8:01p and I asked the driver if it's hot. This fool says " What you think you gonna get cold food" Oh hell To the No!!!! Party done take your food and good day to you!  So we had Popeye's and it was DELICIOUS.This was my 3rd time getting food from here for a quick dinner! I love their pizza and it's the ONLY thing I've gotten here. Tonight, I went with the chicken steak with fried onions and green peppers Stromboli..... I LOVED IT especially because you can taste the FRESHNESS and I like when they have cheese on top. One thing suggestion would be to have a fork and knife  with it, as if one is on the go.... like me I don't have to use my hands.
There is street parking only. Service is quick and friendly staff. The place appears clean but small. There is no bathroom for the public lol only I know bc I had to pee so bad but had to wait! This is a family style restaurant and been in this neighborhood for years! It's safe!I agree with Joseph B. Regarding the discriminatory delivery practices. I've been discriminated against because of my location and it's actually pretty quiet with mainly older residents. I literally live .07 miles away from Overbrook Pizza and they were adamant about not delivering to me. They will gladly accept your patronage but will also discriminate against their loyal customers.I thought that I had amazing stromboli until I came to Overbrook. This small shop is family-owned and operated and seems to be a neighborhood staple. They are a no frills kind of place with traditional flavors (read as: you won't get a Buffalo Chicken or General Tsao pizza from this place) and top notch ingredients. All of the meat toppings are always juicy and full of flavor (pepperoni, sausage, and steak). Moreover, their food actually satisfies (not like other places where the ingredients are so poor that you find yourself eating a whole pizza and still wanting more). 
One thing that might be an issue for some is order timing. Specifically, it's not unusual to place a pick-up order and be told to arrive within 20 minutes, only to realize that you have to wait 10-20 more minutes. Generally, I place orders when I'm at least 40 minutes out. This way, my food is actually done when I arrive. 
Overall, I highly recommend this place. Order ahead. Expect it to be busy!Great place!! The staff is incredibly friendly and the prices are budget-friendly! Always a go-to when I don't feel like cookingI come here a lot for steak sandwiches and grinders.  I love their Pizza steaks and sausage grinders.  Very nice people working here who work incredibly hard.  I love to give them business they earn it!This is a place for pace and the ash on elbows straightforward service that gets the job done. And the job is producing consistent, tasty pizza. My favorite is their Greek Pizza, chockablock w/feta and spinach. It practically swells the flavor into your mouth, and the redolent dough is resilient and chewy. Then there's the "special," which offers anchovies for those w/the palate for them. It wouldn't appeal to anyone but a carnivore, but divine! Of course silly, there are vegetarian entrees too. Calzone are also offered -- i haven't tried these. They deliver to proximate places, but are worth a trip. They do indeed adhere to about a 20" timeline. Con gusto!Will Smith, Kobe Bryant, and Lil Bow Wow all approve.  Plus Greek women are hot.
Their pizzas are not that great.  Too much bread.  I go for the cheese steaks and salads.  Fresh, large salads.  Cheesesteaks are phenomenal.  Cheesay, bread is toasted, and always hot.  Takes some time, but it's always the same people working there so you know what to expect, and worth it.I've only had the Caesar salad and mozzarella sticks so far, but since moving to the neighborhood about six weeks ago, I've had them 3-4 times.  The salad is very big for the price and the mozzarella sticks are delicious.  The salad also comes with a roll, so that's a nice bonus - prices are reasonable, and you immediately get the feeling that they have a lot of regulars and families as customers.  Can't wait to try more things on the menu!Such a fan of this place! Ironically have not tried their pizza, but we get their cheese steaks and chicken fingers, almost on a weekly basis.I love this place!
They know all of their customers and what they typically order! Best greek salad in town. It's a family owner operation that's been in town for years. They are not like the typical pizza shops that employs teenagers who....well you know how today's teens act....you dont and wont get that when you come in Overbrook Pizza...that's one of the things that I love...and if their delivery drivers or any of them for that matter happen to see you out in the neighborhood....they speak..simply because they know their customers...
Even when they aren't making a purchase!
Love, love, love them.I am picky about pizza, it is my favorite food, but Overbrook has hands down my favorite pizza of all time! We get Overbrook several times per month and will always be loyal customers. My husband usually gets a cheese steak, which he absolutely loves. The only thing I wish they had is online ordering. Staff is always friendly and welcoming. If you park in front, make sure to feed the meter no matter how short your stay! I was ticketed once in the short period of time it took me to run in, pay, and run back out.The best cheese burger, pizza and french fries u could ever get in philly.Now, this is a real Philly Cheesesteak! And the pizza is amazing! Service is efficient and the people there work very hard to give you great food !I tried to place an order here and was treated so early.  I was having a difficult connection trying to place an order for pick up. The worker on the other end of the phone, called me and idiot and said he thought I was playing on the phone.  Im extremely disappointed in how rude he was.  I've ordered from here many times before and was never treated poorly.  It really saddens me that I may never go here again because of the rude behavior during a difficult time for everyone.This is my family's go to place for pizza, steak, chef salad location in the Wynnefield area. The staff is professional with customers. They also deliver.Perfect place for a pizza that no one can object to; while no one may *loves* the pizza, it's good enough to make everyone happy enough. Not too thick, not too chewy, not too greasy but has lots of cheese. Simply, a really good basic pizza. Pre-COVID, delivery was timely. Now, I've found it's easier (significantly faster) to pick it up myself. Finally, the mozzarella sticks are very good but the (overstuffed) cheese calzones are meh. However, if you take the gloppy, cheese and tomato contents and mix it with your own noodles, it's pretty yummy.This was my introduction to Pizza in Philly. I stopped eating pork years ago and this place has beef pepperoni pizza which is so good. I always order the beef pepperoni with te ground beef. The closest thing I have gotten to meat lovers since I gave up pork YEARS ago. 
Pizza is so good. The crust is good. Toppings are good. I have even tried the white pizza and it's fantastic too!Damn!  9 years later & Overbrook Pizza still got that magic touch!  I don't check-in every time I come by because it would be embarrassing!  Lol
Cheesesteaks still remain SUPREME here for me-but you also can't go wrong with burgers and pizza of course!  
Brook Pizza is a gem and mainstay in OverBrook-Thank God!The best Pizza in the overbrook farms area ! Best pizza in Philly in my opinion! 
So delicious, always hot, fast delivery, friendly staffMy favorite place in Philly. They are the friendliest people you will ever meet. My usual order is a white pizza and a side of brook fries and they never fail to make it taste like heaven. The tenders and cheesteaks are also really good! Could never complain about this place. Overbrook Pizza, thank you for existing.I called and ordered a pizza steak with mayo. They Put the mayo on top of the sauce. I called. Manager told me he was not remaking it and to come get my money if I don't like it. When I got there he was very rude and talked to me as if he was my father. I told him that he would not be talking to me any kind of way. All i.askes him is why he wouldn't fix it and make another one. His response was you have been coming here for years we make one mistake and you want us to replace your order. Uhmm yes. I paid  $10 for a steak. If u make it inedible what am I suppose to do. I was soo upset.  took my refund and went to the Italian kitchen. Like he said I been going for over 20yrs. I'm never going back also this was not their first mistake this is just the first time it was totally inedible. Who puts 3 tablespoons of mayo on top of a pizza steak...This spot has great pizza, excellent hoagies and delicious steaks. The only problem is trying to get them on the phone!! If you call after 3pm forget it. It is constantly busy. Great food, good people but phone-in orders are nearly impossibleDISCRIMINATORY DELIVERY PRACTICES. DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS ESTABLISHMENT. 
overbrook pizza has great food but they will not deliver to certain areas. what pisses me off about this is the fact that they delivered to my residence one week ago but would not deliver today! this makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. when i explained to the owner that they had previously been here he said "it was a mistake." i replied that "your driver came here, delievered my food, got paid, and didnt get robbed and it was a mistake?" the funny thing is, just about a month or so ago, someone was shot in front of their door! for the record, no one has ever been shot on my block. they are located in a higher crime area than i am and yet they wont deliver to me and i have to go there to pick up my food at a location where someone has recently been shot. what a joke. needless to say, complaint filed with the BBB. again, DO NOT PATRONIZE OVERBROOK PIZZA.Although COVID 19 is amongst us they have excellent food & service. I called ahead & picked up food which was a cheesesteak stromboli. Very delicious!I grew up in Wynnewood, live in Bryn Mawr and my (now extended) family have been patronizing Overbrook Pizza for over 35 years.  This is still hands down the best pizza I've ever had and I traveled for a living for over a decade.  This place is as old school as it gets- no online ordering, they don't even have an answering machine.  If the phone rings forever you know they're closed, if it's a constant busy signal you know they're slammed.  Prices have remained as reasonable as possible over the years and their consistency and quality are second to none.  Take-out and delivery only, family owned, I hope Overbrook is around for years to come.