I'm in Philly and we stumbled across Owl breakfast & lunch.  I'm happy that we found this spot. The portions are filling. The food is seasoned well especially the chicken wings that accompanied my waffles. The pancakes were made to perfection with the crunchy edges.  The service was good and it's very clean.  So when in Philly stop by Owl Breakfast & Lunch.  I ate the food so fast that I forgot to take pictures.This is my GO TO. I loveeeeee owl breakfast. My boyfriend and I go there once a week. It's cheap, the staff is friendly, and the food is so good!! Oh and the homefries are the best I ever had. Seriously. They're nice and crispy. Go owl breakfast!Food's good. I've been here 2/3 i've come to visit my bff. Affordable. I'd come again. I'd recommendI tried their chicken and waffle, and was pleasantly surprised. The chicken strips were as enjoyable as chicken strips can be, though if they had a nice sauce that could have helped them too, not that they needed it. The waffle was also great, not too soft or too burnt, though the syrup bottle was a little sticky at some places, but eh what can you do. The wait staff is also very nice and the cooks are fast, I always try to come here the morning after a party and they usually bring me as much water as I need. The only down side is that they close at 2, but that is the only thing that motivates me to get out of bed some days.A place with many different cheap options. I had egg lux sandwich for breakfast for less than $5 and it was great. Owl Breakfast opens early in the morning tooI'm glad there's another breakfast spot near Temple's campus along with Champs. This place served decent food and the service was good. Our food came out so fast!Friendly service, good-sized portions: bacon and cheese omelet with hash browns (sliced and browned) and toast ~$7.70 total.Awesome food especially the French toast the service has gotten better than what it use to be they now close on Sunday's at 3pm tho so no need to rushMy favorite breakfast spot around the way! Great customer service and there's barely ever a wait!Nice little diner.  I got the Lux omelette w/ shrimp and it was pretty delish.  Got a side of pork breakfast sausage links as well and they were slamming.  The home fries that came with the omelette were pretty good too.  My girl got some pancakes and Turkey bacon.  Looked pretty good.  She seemed to enjoy it although she didn't finish it all so she took it in a to-go box.  Overall solid experience.  I'll be back.Just had an amazing breakfast and posted a picture of it on yelp. Dropping off daughter at Temple University this morning, and treated myself. 
The most incredible pork chop and eggs. So tasty. If I could get this every morning, I would.  Potato hash with peppers and onions. 5 Stars. Will be back!Classic little diner on Temple's campus. Great breakfast food an lunch menu. Simple options. The food is delish and very affordable. I always get two pancakes with eggs and bacon and it comes to about $7. Not bad at all! The space is pretty small and gets packed fairly fast. The service is quick and accommodating. Will continue going back!Excellent food corned beef and hash cooked perfectly, the pancakes tasted amazing would recommend to any student in the temple town area. Its a must try!This place is no joke. The menu fits on one side of an 8x11. The food is cheap, fast, and delicious. The cups of coffee are gigantic. What else do you need?
Since I'm a food service worker, if I can see the food being made, you'd better believe that I'm watching it go down like a hawk. At Owl Breakfast, you can see the grill; the whole kitchen's practically behind the counter. Health code rating: clean as a whistle. I'd watch those guys cook all day.
Killin it, Owl Breakfast. I can't believe you guys aren't more popular (my friends are always like, "never heard of it." It's at Broad and Cecil B for cryin' out loud!) I just wish you were open later. Like all night.Great place to eat! Staff very nice and helpful. Had the grilled pork chop w/ scrambled eggs & home fries. Would of ate the plate if I could...I had french toast and an omelet with some grits. I must say I definitely over ate. The portions are not huge but one dish will really fill you up. This is located near Temple campus and a great brunch place. It does get sorta packed. Also this is a cash only place.The food was tasty, and the price was right. It gets busy during early lunch hours, and though friendly, the staff of 2 servers was having trouble keeping up with the phones and 7 or 8 tables in the restaurant.Bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel with hot sauce. You won't regret it, I promise.The best breakfast I had right off of Temple's campus! The omelette and grits/potatoes are grade A+We were first greeted by pleasant staff! Menu so great!! Had amazing flounder and grits! Chipped beef excellent! Home fries with green peppers and onions best ever!! Local college spot. Go Temple Owls!This place is great. It is small and cozy and perfect for a quick stop in before class, if you are a Temple Student. Although I am a student, it is nice to see non-students in here as well. There seems to be a nice mix, which I appreciate. Sometimes I get anxious when there are too many students in a small area like that.
I always get the homefries with green peppers and onions.I love to sit down here and get a breakfast platter, but their pickup service is less exact, they've messed up my order on the phone a few times. It's busy on weekend mornings but if you go on a weekday it's easier to get a seat. My eggs were always cooked to my liking and they give huge portions of potatoes. The price is reasonable for the amount of food you get in a platter. The big glasses of water are a big plus if you're hungover.Really love this diner! Food is very cheap but also delicious. Love getting a bacon egg and cheese on my way to work, so quick when you call on the phone. What a gem .I absolutely adore Owls!!! I come here quite frequently.  The only downside is how early they close, I wish they stayed open a lot later for my midnight cravings! It is cash only which is a little inconvenient but oh well! Waitresses are usually pretty friendly, usually just rushing around. I'll always love it here!Convenient and quick, Owl breakfast is a great little school retreat corner. The typical diner touch with coffee in the air and a busy staff, the diner has its uniqueness in its youthful atmosphere. Never heard of turkey scrabble and was hesitant to try but will next time I'm around. 4 stars.One of my favorite breakfast spots in Philly. Pancakes are on They have blueberry pancakes as well. 
I usually get the hot sausage egg & cheese on rye toast... poppin!! 
The only down side is they can be a bit pricey and there's no transparency in how they charge you. When you dig into it. You find that when you add items like cheese and blueberries to your meal you're paying outrageous prices for these additions. 
Example:
Ask for blueberries with your pancakes and they will about 8 blueberries and charge you $1.50 extra 
Each slice of cheese is like 60 cent. And ask for cheese grits and automatically they add two slices. The same thing goes for butter and jelly on toast. Smh. But the food is good and the service is great. The cooks are on point. 
And Grandma  is a sweetheart.The food is great and very affordable. There's usually plenty of room. The only time it gets crowded is on the weekend.
This is a hidden breakfast/lunch gem.If you're looking for a greasy meal to eat after waking up hungover from a long night of drinking, this is the perfect place for you. Food is average at best but gets the job done when you need breakfast quick. Would never come here if I wasn't hungover.The only thing that annoys me is it is a little pricy and they force you to use cash, but the serving sizes more than make up for it. The food is great and the servers and cooks are really chill. I would definitely reccomend any of the omelettes.Really good food. Staff is very attentive, not overly crowded seating. We were given seats almost right away and the food came out very quickly. Over all very enjoyable!I was really impressed with this place and thought it had a lot of potential. The service was great and the food was delicious!! I enjoyed the cheese steak along with the breakfast options.  Don't have any complaints.Found this jem today. It's self seat, booth or stools, at a counter facing the cook/kitchen. The waitress was friendly and brought large cold waters immediately upon us being seated. Their menu is long but organized which made decision making easy. I ordered the French toast with home fries and a coffee. Home fries came with option peppers and onions. I only ordered onions. My coffee came quickly and was larger and hotter than expected. The food shortly after. My French toast tasted like Christmas. The home fries buttery, crisp, and seasoned with onions. Price was more than reasonable for product. Definitely returning.This place has been around for years, although they were called the Breakfast Club prior to the current owner.  The atmosphere is and clean, bright and always busy.  The food is always on point, and though a little pricier than the Breakfast Club, it's worth it.Found this place today when I needed a break from studying for finals. If you go to Temple or are in the area in the morning for any reason, do yourself a favor and stop here for breakfast.
Clean dining area, AWESOME food, friendly (also cute) waitress.
Will return. A lot.Dominque was an awesome sever. Very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed....! We really enjoyed our food and liked that there are a lot of side items to choose from. Pancakes and hash browns were perfect.... also loved syrup dispenser that allows for a little to come out at a time. One star off for a dirty coffee cup but c'est la vie! A great local spot for Temple students,Love this place. I went to Temple for undergrad, and now I'm there for grad school and I go to Owl Breakfast and Lunch as often as possible. The staff is friendly and always remembers my usual, the prices are totally reasonable, and it's delicious breakfast food. Great value, selection, service, and location. Definitely recommend!!Nice place grab a meal on a work day. Staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable.I got their cream cheese bagel with lox and it was definitely worth it. The service is really really great and the price is very reasonable. It's fast and cheap and a great alternative to Temple dining hall food.What's not to love about Owl Breakfast and Lunch? 2 years after I graduated from Temple, a good friend of mine whose apartment I stayed over one night after we went to see Weird Al in concert at the Tower Theater suggested the following morning that we grab some breakfast.  It was super busy there, but we were served quickly enough so my friend could make it to where she needed to go on time, plus the food is delicious and super cheap.  Right in the heart of Temple's campus, it's a great choice for when you get sick of the dining hall.This is my favorite place at school. The food is so good. It's comfort food, in my opinion-- the pancakes are amazing, the hash browns were surprisingly delicious, and the coffee was pretty good! I was so happy that all of my friends loved the food, too. The restaurant itself is rather small, but it's so cozy and comfortable that you soon forget about that. Our server, whose name I can't remember at the moment, was super sweet; she made sure that we had everything we wanted on time and correctly. We will be coming back again very soon!This is definitely my favorite breakfast place in the area. The prices are super affordable, the service is great, and the food is delicious. The food consists of home made styled breakfast. Since coming to the area, I've experienced different breakfast places consisting of more expensive places but not as good food. This place definitely tops all of it at a fraction of the price.As chaotic as this place was during a convention weekend the service was phenomenal and the food was amazing!! It was incredibly busy and way too small for the amount of people that clearly love this place. The three of us had fried shrimp with fries, bacon, scrambled eggs, toast. The bacon was the best bacon either one of us have had! Our waitress had like 3 different tables and she still was able to keep up with us, our food came out very quickly, and the rest of the staff was very friendly as well. 12/10 would highly recommend this place!Loved their food, prices, and how quickly our food came out. Unfortunately I've had a bad incident with them where they took my debit card and charged me twice and when I went to call them and figure it out, the owner barely gave me the time of day and hung up on me. Please, don't use your debit card or credit card with them!!Fair price, tasted good. Great service-Rhonda I think was the name of our waitress. Very attentive. Food was hot. Bathrooms were clean.I'm a huge fan! Owl Breakfast & Lunch is a quaint place right on Cecil B. Moore. It's a great spot for Temple students to sit down, eat and catch up with friends or to grab breakfast or lunch right before class. Even if you don't feel like sitting down to eat, they do accept to-go orders which has to be my favorite part. The prices are pretty amazing too, you can get breakfast for less than 10 bucks which is always a + for me. The staff every time I've been there have been nothing but friendly, the only time I experienced any king of attitude was during a rush of people in the diner. Which is understandable. My only negative comments about this place is that I wish it was a little bigger and the decor was a little more extensive. Since its pretty tiny, this place can get easily cramped. But besides that, this place is amazing, I'm so glad I found it. My only wish is that they stayed open later! 
Tips: I would suggest to call ahead and place an order if you want to do take out. 
       **The chicken and waffles is amazing! You have to try it 
       *** There is an ATM in the back of the resturaunt if you need to pull out cash They do take cards now though). The Surcharge on the ATM is not that much compared to the rest of Temple.This is definitely my favorite breakfast place in the area. The prices are super affordable, the service is great, and the food is delicious. The food consists of home made styled breakfast. Since coming to the area, I've experienced different breakfast places consisting of higher prices and lower prices, considering the cost of this place it's better than even some high priced food where you end up not even full afterward! Highly recommend place hits the spot!What the heck?? I was so excited when I wandered into this diner. Ready for some classic breakfast platters. The food was good, they had some chaos in the kitchen which isn't a big deal on a busy Sunday morning. It was fast and our waitress was nice. I went to check out and the total for two people came to $31.08. WHAT?! I asked for an itemized receipt and the owner just added a bunch of stuff into the computer again and it came to $31.20. Doesn't answer the my question at all.  She said something about our homefries being side orders even though my omelet said it came with homefries. I just paid it and left. Grabbed a menu on my way out so I could figure it out for myself and a side of homefries is nowhere to be found on this menu. What I added up our food to cost was $19.45 which is more like what I expected. I'll never know why I paid $31 for a basic diner breakfast, and I sure won't go back to try to find out.This is my favorite go to breakfast spot for my wife and I. Great food and customer service.Amazing ! The staff was beyond pleasant and the food was amazing! I enjoyed the hometown vibe we got and the pancakes were to die for, I can't wait to visit again!This is my favorite place to go! I eat here about 3/5 times out of the week lol great service :)I love this place more than words can express....I can hit them up for a great breakfast and then again for a great lunch....or breakfast for lunch or a Bacon Cheese Burger for breakfast!!!!  The prices are more than reasonable for the amount of food that you get!  I am so glad that they are located close to my job!!  I have been telling people, left and right, about this well kept secret.  They are fast, clean and the cooks are my favorite!!!I love this place. I have been coming here for about 2 years now and usually order the same thing. The staff is friendly, it feels like they are family. The food is consistent. And they seem to remember me (maybe jts because I leave a tip all the time or because I've been coming for so long), either way I am happy I discovered this place. 
My go to order is: 
Spinach and cheese omelette
Veggie home fries
Oatmeal with butter, raisins and brown sugar!Little hole in the wall spot near Temple University.  Great little place to grab breakfast.Seating is pretty tight in here. Prices are reasonable but everything is an add-on. Chocolate chips in pancakes ... add $1.25. Service was ok and food was ok. The restaurant is very convenient for students at temple universityOrdered from there for the first time this morning. Got the breakfast platter with sausage. Great value for the price. Home fries were made perfectly. Simple and filling. Plenty of sausage and home fries with the platter. Also got waffles.
Definitely coming back hereThe food was good . The orice was rightim back there again. Yum yumwhat more do ya need me tobwriteOk breakfast food. Been there several times with friends but with every visit comes a problem. The first time two people at the table never even received their food and it wasn't corrected because the server never checked up. The second time the server didn't come to the table for 25 minutes. The third time the eggs were completely raw. I honestly don't know why I keep going here but it's cheap and when you're hungover and out of options you have to make do.incredible all around. very quaint place, but the prices simply cannot be beat. the iced coffee and regular coffee come precreamed and sugared and are a unique flavor that is very sweet but delicious. the warmed blueberry muffins are a MUST. 110% worth stopping in for a cheap and delicious meal to forget being completely obliterated the night before. there are roughly 4 booths in use, so it's somewhat difficult to get a table, but of course you can order takeout. so love so joyGreat dive at Temple University
Excellent breakfast at reasonable prices. Recommend one of their platters with home fries or grits - generous and delicious portions. 
Service is friendly with no frills. Recommend for a hangover breakfast or cheap lunch.WE were in the area and wanted a place where we could sit and have breakfast.  WOW!  The food was great.  Not your fancy "plated" sort of place but the food was good.  My husband says they have the best home fries he has ever had.  Food is served as if to go, even if you are in a booth. I came out hot and fast.  Service was quick and accurate.  Thank you OWL.