Great place for oysters raw and and baked with an awesome selection of drinks.  I'm a gin person and they have a great local gin here Bluecoat gin.   The BBQ oysters are fantastic as wellAwesome happy hour both after work and late night! $1 oysters even with this oil spill going on. The service is quick and attentive. Oysters are delicious and fresh with a great variety to chose from. East & west oysters galore. I personally am an east coaster all around, salty and delicious. My friend loves west coast oysters for their buttery-ness so this is a great place to go if your company is the total opposite of you! 
I'm a huge clam chowder person and there new england style, although not as thick and creamy as I usually like, tasted wonderful. If your an oyster fan this is the spot to go to in philly!!I dragged a some friends out for $1 oysters and $3 beers, so this review is just about happy hour, and the conclusion is this: definitely go.  
At this point, I've told you al the things you should need to know about Oyster House, but since I'm feeling generous I can point out that one less enlightened member of the party had the burger, which they reported to be good and not overcooked.Great meal all around. Arrives at 5pm for happy hour on a Friday. Had some oysters, beer, and shrimp shooters. All in special 5-7pm.  Main course lobster roll was delicious.  It's not large but plenty of lobster and  will fill you up for sure.  Compliments to the Manager Daniel for being very attentive to the entire restaurant.LOVE
LOVE
LOVE this place
I love all seafood 
I love sitting around the shuckers, they engage in conversation and we made friends with peeps on either side of us. 
Happy Hour they have Buck-a-shuck !
Yum
Everything that I've ever ordered is delicious and the service is outstanding. 
Parking garage right across the street and close to Prince theatre which is where we were heading.Because I knew that they (unfortunately) don't take reservations I stopped by 30 minutes in advance of our meeting time to advise that three of us would be there for  lunch. Their representative duly noted my request. When the three of us arrived at the appointed hour the same representative advised that they were clearing tables (at 12:30?) and that they seat people by the available tables dependent on the size of the party.  Fifteen minutes later we were still not seated. I approached the owner who explained their seating system to me.  Ten minutes later he returned and led us to our table. Whatever their seating system is, it doesn't work!
Beyond the frustration of getting seated the three of us had a delightful experience. Our server was efficient and professional and all business, though not as friendly as we would have preferred. Our beverages and food items arrived in a timely manner by someone other than our waiter yet placed by the appropriate person (how do they do that?).  Our meals were delicious, with the freshest ingredients, nicely prepared and presented. This is an authentic oyster house so consider the high noise level as part of the ambience!  For an establishment of this caliber they should seriously a reservation system. Yet, no doubt we shall return.Great ambiance, the restaurant is really beautiful. The happy hour buck a shuck is where its at. We had some really tasty oysters, great drinks, fun atmosphere. Looking forward to returning!The atmosphere is perfect with romantic, relaxing lighting. Everything is so squeaky clean which makes me feel especially comfortable and safe. Friendly, educated, fun and quick to make an excellent recommendation for your likes should be expected from the entire staff from the hostess, to the bartenders, and the servers that fill the restaurant. You can tell that the management is top notch because all of the employees love their positions and are so happy to be there and to be serving whoever comes through the door. It is honestly the warmest and most sincere welcome! The food is the best part of the entire experience, fresh, creative, and amazing tasty!! My favorite crab cake ever, my husband dreams of the oysters and the super creative homemade sides to pair make this place an absolute gem!! We could not be happier with EVERYTHING!!! Thanks for setting the bar so high OH!We went to Oyster House with a seafood craving. I started with the Sauteed Mussels and was impressed by the generous portion. For my entree, I ordered the Lobster Roll, which was slightly smaller than I expected, but very tasty. We went to Route 6 a few days later and agreed they were similar in quality and ambiance, but we had a slight preference for Route 6.Second trip to Oyster House, as I know that their seafood is FRESH.  Well, we ordered the lobster and shellfish pot with potatoes and corn.  The 2-lb. lobster was just ok.  The clams and mussels were pretty yummy.  The corn was tough, like pig corn, and the potatoes were tasteless.  Therefore, I must downgrade my review from my first visit.  Shame.Delicious fresh oysters and clams! This was my first time trying raw clams, and I never thought I'd say this, but I liked them more than I liked the oysters! The happy hour deals cannot be beat. I'll be sure to come here more often!Came here for the happy hour, and left happy. Mission accomplished.
Cannot ask for more when you are served super fresh $1 oysters with fast and friendly service.
Was not able to identify which variety we had, but they were a good size and very fresh. Our server was busy but gave us plenty of attention and took great care of us.
That is all we had, but would come back anytime.I was here on travel, staying at a hotel a couple blocks away. Did some research for dinner, and decided this was the spot because of an attractive happy hour (i love $1 oysters( and decent looking entree options.
So, so, so disappointed, and actually quite angry.
Serious low-lights:
- Happy hour is only at the bar area, while the rest of the restaurant is full price everything. Apparently if you don't get here right when the happy hour starts, you're quoted a time for seating in the bar area that is basically when happy hour ends.
- We decided to just get a regular table and suck it up with the full prices. Unfortunately, when we ordered a dozen oysters, we followed our server's advice to do a 4-4-4 combo. When they came, they were literally all the size of a quarter (the photos on this yelp page were NOT representative at all of what we got). Never anywhere have I gotten oysters that pathetic. Do they save the big oysters for the happy hour or something? And give the leftovers to the regular customers instead of just apologizing and saying that they're swamped and they're out of the properly sized ones? And to charge us full price for them? And on top of that, she charged us for "singles" instead of giving us the slight discount you get for ordering a full dozen.
- Service was ridiculously slow. We were seated at 5:30. We didnt even get to place a food order until 6pm, they just kept coming and filling our water and running away immediately before we could say anything. The couple next to us complained too, and the server (same as ours) tried to laugh it off as "oh look how busy we are during happy hour" instead of trying to check where anything was. Well guess what. YOU DIDNT GIVE US ANY HAPPY HOUR AND WE'RE PAYING FULL PRICE.
Other than that, the food was decent, slightly elevated and solid seafood dishes. Seriously tiny portions though, and very weak cocktail punch. $170 later (for 2), we were still sober, angry, and hungry, and went to the hotel bar for beer and bar snacks. Seriously, wtf. Too bad it's not diner dash because the steam was really coming out of my ears and I just wanted to go "poof".We go into Philly every year @ Christmas time, and go here almost every time.  Recently changed hands, then changed right back to the son of the previous owners, which is a great thing.  Has the accourtrements of a long-gone oyster house, Kelly's on Mole (Mole St no longer exists), and carries on Kelly's history of quality.  It was always solid, and now the new owner stepped it up a little notch, it seems, in the novelty of the dishes-- but at no sacrifice to the main point of the establishment, which is quality, quality, quality.  Quality being crucial when you're a seafood joint.  We were there in the blizzard before Christmas 09, and sat for FIVE HOURS in the windows watching the snow blowing & piling up, eating raws, having dinner, drinking the house punch (fantastic) the nice wines, & sampling a number of very well-done apps, soups, etc.  (It was one of our largest tabs ever)  Try the box oyster stew.  Don't be afraid of the oyster shooters.  The front wall, glass, used to be doors that were opened onto the sidewalk in good weather. Not sure if they still open, now that they remodeled in 09, but still all glass in front, w/ seats there.  Very nice.
In summary:  a classic, well-done oyster house.  Great for those who love raws, and has LOTs for those who don't; excellent quality preparations, does not try to be trendy, just classy.  And-- Our server that night was over-the-top:  helpful w/ oyster & clam tasting notes (no joke), wine notes, attentive but not annoying, very knowledgeable, friendly, down-to-earth, one of my favorite servers ever, honestly.  One of those older servers (meaning, not early twenties) who's doing it not just for work-- but because he really enjoys it and is very good at it.  Thank you, Bryon!  You're the bomb.  Wish we would have gone back for New Years Eve, but our crowd stayed home that night... very much look forward to going back, every time!  Can't say enough good about Sansom Street Oyster House.  Reasonable lunch and dinner prices (for seafood).Good selection of oysters.  About $3.00 a pop, beers are small 11oz and about $7-8 pop.  Had a four really good oysters in season, fired oysters with chicken salad (bones included), and two beers for $56.00.  
Probably one of the best Gin selections I've ever seen.  They could probably do more business as a high end cocktail bar than oysters and food.  
Pretty good service and cool vibe.  Probably won't go back though.Fried Oysters were ehhhh......the clam chowder was good but not the best I have tried. Not sure if it was too salty that day or not but my throat started to hurt soon after. I wanted to go for the happy hour but I went too early so missed that.Excellent food.  Friendly staff.  Great service.  Cool, trendy atmosphere.   
Oysters, yum.  Shrimp, tasty too.  Lobster Roll, Awesome. Will definitely come backThis is definitely one of the best seafood places in the country.  We came to visit Philly from NYC.  I've been to just about every great seafood spot in NYC and around the states, and you know, New Yorker's know their food :)  I will definitely come back here if ever in Philly again.  The seafood is absolutely delicious, very fresh, amazingly flavorful and the portion sizes are very large.  I ordered the biggest dish on the menu but forgot the name.  Take a look at the pics -- if you're a seafood fan, you gotta order it, you will love it.  Don't worry about the $88 price, it's worth it, and don't share it :)  The shrimps, lobster, scallop ceviche, oysters, clams, mussells, and the seafood salad were heavenly delicious, very fresh, and had no fishy smell.  The food is also presented very well.  The atmosphere is awesome -- very trendy, hip, and cool.  Remember, don't share -- order the big dish and some drinks and savor the moment :)  Oh, and try the Turtle Soup.my friend and I came during happy hours for the $1 raw oysters! there was a 30 minute wait, but we were seated at the oyster bar.
we ordered lots of raw oysters, the shrimp cocktail, and the clam chowder. honestly, the shrimp cocktail was not worth its price because the amount was so little. it's better to use the money spent on the shrimp cocktail on ordering more oysters! 
but overall, our experience was great and the workers were really friendly!$1 oysters at happy hour 5-7 on weekdays. need i say more? 
last week ,my friend spent $70... at happy hour. 
best oysters i've had in philadelphia with great atmostphere to boot.
i've also had a fish dish and the lobster roll, which were really good.
the shoestring fries are a must try and the bread balls with horseradish are addictive. 
do yourself a favor and go!Buck a shuck at happy hour is amazing. Great food, a bit on the pricy side but you get what you pay for. 
Hope to return again for more oysters!I'm surprised I never reviewed this place before, I've been to the Oyster House a number of times over the years and it's been consistently great. The oyster selection is top notch and ridiculously fresh. The other seafood options are great too, I really dig  their lobster roll. The service is typically good, and the location is great if you're doing business in the city.This place is great, it has an amazing raw bar that is reasonable in cost. We had the clam bake as a meal for two, it was so much food by the time we were half way done. 
If you like seafood this place is a must visit in PhillyOur first evening in Philadelphia on a March road trip south, we had a fabulous dinner at the Oyster House!  Between the two of us we enjoyed the Oysters Rockefeller, cherrystone clams on the half shell, mussels in a spicy sauce and a fish stew.  All the seafood was very fresh and perfectly seasoned.  Our waitperson was friendly and efficient.  This dinner was outstanding! The Oyster House, decorated with oyster plates of all sizes and design on its walls, is a warm cozy pub-like restaurant with 5 star food.Come here for the happy hour! Great deal on raw oysters and they were delicious! Tried a few things on the regular menu (calamari, clam chowder and shrimp cocktail) and they were just ok, nothing special. Fun sitting around the raw bar where you can watch the shuckers!I tried Oyster House for the first time for lunch last week. My husband and I had a pretty big lunch and ordered the colossal shrimp cocktail and fried oysters as appetizers. Both were delicious and I would've been satisfied with those alone. 
I wanted to try the lobster roll to compare it to Luke's since I had a taste for one. It was pretty good and filled to the top with a lot of lobster but the actual taste was just okay. There could've been a little more flavor to it and the bread wasn't as good and buttery as Luke's. The french fries were good!  My husband got the special of the day which was a soft shell crab po' boy sandwich with chips. He said it was okay but again, we both agreed we could've just had apps and/or split one of the lunches. Overall, it was good and we would return again.I am not sure why I don't go this place more often. I had good time at their oyster happy hour! Enjoyed my discounted oyster and I thought was fresh and delicious. But that place got really busy during happy hour so waiting was painful and they put large jar of oyster cracker to share. Everyone's hands going to touch the crackers so I couldn't eat it and I didn't see anyone touching it. That's minus point for me too. If less crowded and provided individual oyster cracker like other places I might give me more star.Tried to get in during happy hours for the back a shuck but ended up having to get a table. The place is nice and their raw bar looks amazing. Too bad we couldn't get a seat. Overall, great experience and extremely fresh seafood!!! How do I know? Because it didn't smell fishy in there... but instead their food just smelled like the ocean!! Great place in downtown Philly. Would definitely try again the next time I'm back in town.Stopped in for some snapper soup and got what seemed like vegetable beef from a can. The rest of the experience however, was what earned the stars. The waitress was extremely kind, the rest of our meal was okay, and the drinks were yummy.I was not going to complain, I called the manager first, and we settled it on the phone and he was going to compensate me for my terrible meal. The manager never kept his end of the deal. I can go on about my food and how over cooked my food was, or how marsacapone comes in soup form now . I'm just really here to say my meal was terrible and the manager does not keep his word. All you got in the world today is your word, but I spent 120 for a dinner for people, I should have just put it in the church basket.My second trip to  Philadelphia and my second meal at OH. both times:  great service and excellent seafood.we both had the mixed grill= all seafood. Everything on the plate was fantastic.WOW. Friday night I had one of the best dining experiences I've ever had with 9 of my friends. Honestly blown away.
We did the "Dump Dinner" interesting name but the dinner is a New England Style clam bake that you can reserve 48 hours in advance if you have  6+ people. Now get this...it's only $25 to eat and additional $20 for a 2 hour open bar. I thought there would be something fishy about prices so low for seafood at the Oyster House...but no. Absolutely amazing. Huge portions of clams/mussels/lobster/potatoes/sausage/kale all steamed together in pots that come for 2 people to share. I could not get over how delicious the flavors were. In particular the kale soaked up all the broth to make for a tasty veggie! French fries and koleslaw also were distributed out across the table I could feel the rest of the restaurant staring at us...and who wouldn't! The deal is brilliant.
As for the open bar. Unbelievable. We had pitchers upon pitchers of the apple cider sangria. Never had to ask for a refill the waitress just kept them coming.
Amazing experience. Totally, 100% recommend. Here's the link:
http://oysterhousephilly.com/dump-dinner.htmlFood, service, atmosphere was great.  45 min wait on a Sat night.  They have 9pm to 11pm happy hr on sat nights.   Will go back.I went for the OH SHUCKS! oyster event which was all you can eat bivalves and drinks... Sooo good! Service was good and drinks kept on flowing ! I'm so into Oyster House... The bomb.I was in Philly last weekend for a work meeting and saw the great reviews for Oyster House so thought I would check it out. Sitting in the middle of Restaurant Row, this place has a modern loft kind of feel. The walls are exposed brick with modern style bench and table seating. That layout also creates a pretty loud reverb of the other dining patrons as well.  I got there around 7PM on a Saturday and the place was packed. As the lonely travel with only a book and an appetite on me, I grabbed the last seat by the oyster bar and looked forward to a good meal. 
The waitress was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal. I ordered my standard Old Fashioned (at first I thought it was a little watered down in flavor, but it definitely packed more of a punch than I expected) and then following:
1) Mix of a Half Dozen Oysters (delicious range of east coast oysters from Massachusetts to Virginia)
2) Ipswich Fried Clams (Very fresh and well cooked)
3) Flounder (Well cooked, fresh, good seasoning but a little small for $26)
4) Key Lime Pie (Disappointing. Had the texture of dense cheese cake and very bland flavor).
I think the fresh seafood is definitely worth coming here for a try, but I would avoid the desserts (the couple next to me had the butterscotch pudding and said it was way too sugary).The food here was just okay, nothing to write home about. We went for brunch, maybe it's not the right place for brunch.Philly Mag deemed this place 2011's Best Power Lunch for a reason. I felt so empowered afterward, I had to leave work for a bit just to try and let some of the power diffuse to the rest of the city.
These oysters are the real deal. They are the kind of oysters I get the urge to stuff sand inside, hoping they pop out some crazy pearls that look as perfect as these guys taste. Fresh, plump, delightfully slimy  - incredibly refreshing on a hot day. I opted for the Cape May, but be aware that the raw bar menu changes seasonally.
The lobster roll (which, keep in mind, is not particularly large) is a whopping 26 bucks, but just try to divert your mind from that wee little fact as you take a bite of this glorious creation. The chunks of meat are large, tender, and full of flavor. The bun is toasted just right and generously buttered (but not too much!). As far as I can tell, there is nothing else quite like it in Philly thus far. My li'l dining buddy went for the OH burger, which was fine, but was clearly living in the shadow of its more attractive older (lobster) sister.
This place is definitely pricey, but I guess power has to come at some sort of cost. Be sure to come by during the buck a shuck happy hour to get more bang for your shuck. (I'm clever, I know)Great place, my old fashioned was made the crafty way and tasted simply spectacular. Oysters yummie and great fisherman stew with just right cooked fish (so many places mess this up by serving overcooked fish) 
Enjoyable place great for all oyster, raw bar and seafood lovers!This is probably my favorite restaurant in Philly! Their oysters are great but so is everything else on the menu! I also love the decor of this place. Beautiful!Great spot found on Yelp! The seafood is as pictured. The flavors are impactful. The portions are small considering we are in the oversized eating society. The lobster was grilled nicely and the salmon was pan seared perfectly. Did not try the table carbs. Fast service during happy hour.We came in around 8pm and is still waiting for our appetizers after an hour. The service is horrible. The waitress only came once during our hour wait and told us the food is coming but 15 mins. passed and it's still not coming. I would NEVER come back here and would not recommend anyone to come here especially we're here with 2 toddlers and they started making a fuss after an hour wait. It's the worst dining experience ever!!! While I'm writing this review, the food is still not here!!!This is my favorite seafood restaurant in Philly bar none.  The food is consistently outstanding, no matter what you order. The oysters are absolutely the best in the city--ask your server for advice, but you really can't go wrong.  The lobster roll reminds me of Maine.  Seafood stew is delicious.  Perfect atmosphere to boot.  And on top of it all, the service is always great--attentive, knowledgeable and supremely polite.
Oh, and the butterscotch pudding for dessert is incredible!
Can't miss here!!!!Stopped in at around 6pm on a Thursday in June and the place was pretty busy- only standing room near the bar. They have a good selection of bourbons/ rye whiskey (Michters).  We ended up eating at the bar...1 dozen Cowboy Oysters, 1 dozen assorted oysters/ clams, fried clam bellies, and calamari. The food was just awesome; fresh and full of flavor. Special shout out to the bartender Giuseppe- he was attentive, personable, and provided a good pour. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.  *** 5/8/17back again... Michael the bartender crafted incredible Old Fashioned(s) and recommended the cherry stone clams...36 deep and loving them.  Kudos to Michael! Great place, great service, great cocktails, great serviceService was great! Our server was terrific and very knowledgable about the different types of oysters ,their origins and taste ... We ordered the Manhattan clam chowder, the crab cake, 1/2 dozen oysters ,the blue fish, and the combination shrimp and scallops and lobster. All were delish ! The blue fish was accompanied by a cheesy polenta that was dreamy!  We're from Los Angeles area ... But next time we're in Philadelphia... we will be back !Our work department was out to dinner at the Oyster House last night for food and drinks to celebrate the upcoming holidays.  Unfortunately, three of us (out of ten) came down with a nasty case of food poisoning.  We suspect that it might have been the fried clams since none of us ate the same entrees, but we did all share the clams around the table.  
From a non-biased opinion, I thought that the decor and service at the restaurant was great and definitely felt modern and cozy, all at the same time.  The only complaint that I have is that some of us ended up sick not long after leaving.  My advice is -- please check your clam inventory and/or the sauces that were served with them.  My main focus is ensuring that no one else gets sick, too!Based only on snapper turtle soup- Boyfriend was dying to try the snapper turtle soup. Got it as takeout. Wasn't a fan, was sweet and sour and had very little meat. Crackers served with the soup were super dry (think round ball versions of Goya water crackers). Service was friendly; we did takeout only.Went for happy hour buck a shuck... amazing.. ordered two dozen oysters, two dozen clams, pick and peel shrimp and scallop civiche. Everything was amazing. The oysters were sweet and delicious. The clams were good but only if your into a meaty, salty, tangy type of thing..lol.. they were huge, we probably should have only ordered a dozen of those. The Happy Hour drink, Kelly Punch, was so good and refreshing it reminded me of a nice summer day. The staff was super friendly and welcoming. Happy hour fills up pretty quickly as we arrive at 5PM on a Friday and it was already a wait. Can't wait to go back again!We walked in on a Friday, right when HH was ending so the whole restaurant was PACKED!!! But to my surprise, we received awesome service!!! The food was amazing, ordered raw oysters, scallops and fishermen stew. Oysters were freshly shucked, cold and briny. Scallops were perfectly seared served over charred greens and turnip purée. The fishermen stew.... OMG it was delicious! Spicy, flavorful fennel broth with handfuls of seafood babies... Yummmmmmm
This place is a must try!I mostly come for the oysters (especially buck-a-shuck at happy hour) but they do it all well.  Great atmosphere...nice staff...and been doing it well for long time!First, I like to start off by saying "this place is amazing". My whole family was blown away by the service and food, I cannot wait to go back.We went on Saturday for dinner, and it was just amazing.  Over the years we went before they renovated and now its even better. Since they were offering reservations and a special fixed price meal we were lucky to get there early and sit at an elevated two top.   I started with a house pear vodka martini which was delicious.  As veteran customers we opted to eat a la carte rather than the fixed price meal as it worked out about the same price and we're not dessert people.  For appetizers we had cherrystone clams from the raw bar and turtle soup.  Both delicious. Our second course was 1/2 a chilled lobster (which I was afraid would be uncooked as it was under the raw bar menu but that was not the case) and grilled octopus.  My grilled octopus was fantastic served in a bowl with chorizo and a tomato ragu.  It certainly beat the pants off of Pietro's "grilled calamari" which last weekend we found out was just deep fried, frozen rings.  This grilled octopus was so tender and its accompaniments were terrific.  For our main course, my boyfriend had the scallops which he said were so tender they were like butter and were perfectly seared.  I went for the whole grilled lobster and it was a great size complete with an herb butter on the split tail.  Our waiter was nice and friendly without being in your face and had a nice sense of humor.  The place was completely packed but we had no problem hearing each other.  It was a tad dark for us, but the lights from the bar provided enough light to read menus.  The music was nice and upbeat as were all the staff who sat us, waited on us, brought us our food, or cleared our table.  The renovated restaurant  seemed to run like a fine oiled machine. Kudos to the management and the staff! We'll be back soon!!amazing oysters!  This place has a great selection of fresh oysters.  I've never had oysters as fresh & succulent as the ones here.  I get so excited when I know I"ll be coming here for dinner!  The waiters are also very knowledgeable & can help you pick out which oysters you'll probably like.  They usually have the regular bluepoints but also the tiny WA ones like shibumi.  They're great with a crisp cucumber flavor.
I've tried the lobster roll & it was good but not extraordinary -- tastes like the ones I've had in Maine.  I think $26 is a bit expensive for it .  I've also tried the lobster bake -- which was decent as well.
It's also super cute inside with the walls decorated with very pretty oysters plates!
This place makes me happy, so glad I found it!  best oysters!   =)Though I am not a fan of oysters, I truly enjoyed this place. From what my oyster-loving friends said, the oysters were also amazing. The  ambiance is super cool and we had great service. I am definitely going to go again and maybe try to lobster roll, which looked delicious.Came here last October looking for some great seafood and was more than pleasantly surprised. We sat at the raw bar which was so fun. The Raw Bar Chefs were very nice and enjoyed putting on a little show for us. We ordered the sampler, two bloody mary's which were awesome, as well as the clam chowder. Everything was perfectly fresh, tasty and the atmosphere was very welcoming and friendly. I am looking forward to going back the next time I am in town!LOVED this place. My husband and I were on vacation in Philly. We were craving seafood after eating cheesesteaks, Italian sausage and hotdogs (went to ballgame), and found this place on Yelp. It was a 5 min walk from our hotel near City Hall, and had great reviews. Food was excellent!!! We had oysters, clam chowder, lobster roll and fisherman's stew. Everything was delicious. Decor in the place is simple and attractive, and a great spot for Happy Hour. Wish we had a place like this in LA near Seal Beach where we live.Great selection of seafood!!!
The raw oysters and clams were mm mm good.  My gumbo was fantastic (bear in mind, I grew up in Louisiana!).  The baked clams was great and my friend's lobster roll was fantastic!  There is nothing negative that I can say about the food!  My other friend didn't like the burger so much because the blue cheese on it was too strong (hey, let me know if you are asian and you like blue cheese)
Ambience is easy going and not pretentious (the way a seafood place should be)  Our waiter was very nice and geniune, and we left him a good tip.
Finally, a great dinner to end my philly week!  :)What a nice surprise for our Philadelphia trip! Located in Reading Terminal Market, this eatery is one of the few stalls with full service dining/seating options. The seafood is fresh and tasty. My wife, a devout foodie, chose Oscar's crab cakes and green salad once a day for all 4 days of our trip! The cakes were lightly breaded, and heavy on the fresh crab. The Clam chowder was also fresh and delicious. Friendly service and great food. Cash only!Surprisingly awesome.
Came here on a Saturday during brunch. The layout is great, bright and comfortable. The bar area is really cool looking, good for couples. The staff is pretty friendly and knowledgable. 
The beer selection is pretty good, some local beers. The lady ordered the Shrimp & Grits, gigantic shrimp in buttery spicy grits; I ordered the Virginia Oysters, fresh not too briny; smoke blue fish salad, light and salty. We also had a few little neck clams, they were very fishy, not that great.
Just a pleasant experience, great menu, great ingredients. It's surprising such a unique seafood joint is in center city.I can't believe that I forgot to leave a review for this restaurant! My boyfriend and I were visiting from CT in July and saw the reviews for this place so we decided to try it out. The atmosphere is fun and lively. We sat at the Raw Bar and I'm so happy that we did. It was quite the experience watching the guys shucking the oysters. We ordered 6 different oysters from the raw bar and had a couple of oyster shots before our dinner. Delicious. The oysters tasted fresh. The cocktails were amazing, too. I wish I remember what we had. 
For dinner I had seared scallops in this delicious creamy coconut milk broth with jasmine rice. Oh my goodness. I couldn't stop eating it! My boyfriend had the Mixed Grill with swordfish, shrimp, scallops, potatoes and a warm tomato vinaigrette. He said it could have used a little bit more seasoning but overall he was happy with his meal.
We went on a busy Saturday night and the restaurant was packed. I wish the server was a bit more attentive but I understand that he was super busy. 
I can't wait to go back! :)Took burger and half a dozen of oysters. Food was good, not expensive. Would recommend to visit this placeHell of a happy hour if you like good oysters.  I've done plenty of oyster happy hours, and for the quality this was the best I've had.  They were serving James River oysters, which are big, meaty, mild oysters.  Most other places that serve HH oysters use "Gulf" oysters, which means they're wild and from...somewhere.  At $1 each, it's not "cheap" but you get what you pay for.
I didn't try anything else save the beer.  After perusing the menu, I don't think I would eat here...I'm sure it's delightful, but it's pretty spendy for my liking.  For example, $26 for a lobster roll that's billed as a New England-style roll...it had better blow my mind considering how cheap lobsters are these days.  Oysters are $30 a dozen, for East coasters no less, also seems a bit aggressive.  But for happy hour...I'll be here every week.I've come here for birthdays, restaurant week and more. If you're here, definitely try some oysters. Every time I've come here I found the staff and the waiters/waitresses to be very nice and attentive. I recommend for everyone to try this place out for restaurant week, it's worth your time.Came here today for happy hour after 3 different friends recommended us to check it out. I came here at 4:50pm to put my name down for a table of 6. The hostess warned us that it may take up to an hour wait. The place was already crowded by the time I came. It was very clear this place is popular for HH !
In the meantime we went to elixir to grab coffee while we waited. I got a call at 6:10pm for us to come over if we were okay with standing at a small table with only 2 seats. We grabbed that opportunity right away.
The clam special was the cherry stone clam, oysters I cannot recall at this moment.
We ordered a total of 3 dozen oysters, 9 clams, the grilled octopus, and the BBQ oysters. Oysters were delicious and tasted best with the red cocktail sauce. I definitely did NOT like the raw clams -- they were SO salty. It was like drinking sea salt water -- gross.
I enjoyed the grilled octopus, but some of my friends complained about the charcoal taste. They liked the corn and tomatoes garnish more LOL.
As for the BBQ oysters, they only came in fours with a piece of charcoal in the middle, but they were delicious. Indeed, cooked oysters is best!
We also got the cocktail special which is called Kelly's punch - aeporal, grapefruit concoction. It was refreshing and delicious, perfect for those who enjoy grapefruit.
Our waiter was friendly, although it was difficult to track him down due to the incredibly crowded and tight space. Overall it was a great experience and I'll definitely come here again!Two words: those.OYSTERS!
I am absolutely in love with this place.  We came there for lunch and they sure didn't disappoint.  The Judi salad was fantastic. The shrimp cocktail was quickly devoured by my son who asked for more.  The oysters were super fresh, we couldn't get enough of them.  
Next time I am in Philly, I'll make sure my party goes to the Oyster House for dinner.Great fresh food. The wait for a table was worth it. The Bloody Mary rocked!
We ordered a variety of oysters as an app. And then the seafood stew was perfectly seasoned with a little heat, spicy.I went for the late night Happy Hour on Saturday nights, 9-11 pm. So cool that they have a happy hour at this time and was so excited for buck a shuck! The raw bar in the center is really cool to sit at and the oysters were the best ones I have ever had outside of Maine. Cocktail for $5 was a delicious punch with gin and grapefruit juice, even my boyfriend who is not a huge cocktail drinker had to order one after tasting mine. They also offered raw clams on buck a shuck for happy hour but I wasn't adventurous enough to try them this time, they were huge though!When you go to a place called the Oyster House, of course you have to get oysters! We tried 5 different kinds and they were all fresh and tasty. Sat at the oyster bar and witnessed the shuckers preparing our order. Their steam clam wasn't as good as we hoped, or maybe it was made differently than we expected it to be so we didn't enjoy it as much. Instead of being in soup, the clams were served dry in a bucket with the soup on the side. Therefore, we didn't get to drink the soup that has all the flavor in it. The lobster roll, though, was the bomb! My wife doesn't normally eat lobster and even she loved it. Cocktails were great but strong.The wAs so good i really enjoyed the food. My bartender was even better i forgot her name. I was so excited to cone her and have dinnerGo for the happy hour! Dollar oysters, dollar clams....5 dollar wine and beer options. Great deals! Fresh seafood! Not too noisy but a fun young crowd. Would most definitely recommend this to any friend or someone coming from out of town. Always  a good spot!I absolutely love raw bars.  This place is a come-back-to the next time I am in Philadelphia.
The oyster selection was very good.  There were 9 selections last night and I had a dozen.  The New England Clam Chowder was piping hot and absolutely delicious.  I then had the crab cake.  It was a good crab cake.  But I had a crab cake in Baltimore that will never be topped, and it's sad that I compare all crab cakes to that one.  But this one was good.  Good lump meet, not a lot of fill, and a great, tasty remoulade.  But what was beyond nomz...the shaved brussels sprout slaw on the side.  It had shaved parmesan cheese in it and pecans.  Holy moly was that good.
Great cocktail and beer selection.  Because I live in the Midwest, I don't make it out of a good raw bar/seafood joint on the East Coast for less than $100, so don't take my pricing for anything.  
It's a little loud, but that's okay.  It's a fun place and the staff is really nice.Something magical happens when a warm, soft on the inside, buttered and toasted on the outside, JJ Nissen bun contrasts with the cool sweetness of lobster, with just a touch of celery for crunch. In my humble opinion, Oyster House's lobster roll is "good", very good in fact, and possibly the closest you'll get to a "true" Maine lobster roll in Philadelphia. 
Oh, how I miss Maine..Craving anything oyster we hopped in the car and headed to Samson Street. On the half shell with lemon, horseradish, and a cracker they were fresh and really had a delicious flavor. The fried oyster platter, I had never seen oysters so big, these monster oysters were perfectly fried, crisp on the outside and tender on the inside a dunk in the sauce and I was satisfied!Best. Happy. Hour. In. Philadelphia! Get there 20 min to 5PM to secure a seat. Grab a cocktail, shooter, and a dozen fresh oysters at a time.... Guaranteed to get your night off to a fantastic start! Oyster House has the best selection in town, seafood is fresh, and the happy hour specials rival any other top quality restaurant in town. Don't be fooled by other "buck a shuck" lures... There is a reason why it packs up nightly from 5-7PM!!The oysters here are sooooo good and so fresh. You can't beat their "buck-a-shuck" happy hour deal! I went with my boyfriend at around 5pm just about when happy hour was beginning and we got seated right away at the oyster bar where you can see the oyster/clam shuckers working and preparing the oysters right in front of you! Very cool. We were told by the reviews to come in early because seats can be filled right away and they weren't lying lol. After we got seated, the restaurant got busier and busier but the servers were attentive and nice. My boyfriend ordered the fried calamari and I got a dozen and half oysters. They were so good, so fresh and so big. Fried calamari was a little bland and they only give one lemon per tray of oysters but it was still good. Still goooood.We decided to go with a 9 month old. It was loud in there anyway so it didn't matter when she started screaming. The place was hip and fun. They give you oyster crackers and horseradish to snack on while you're waiting. Some of the most flavorful horseradish I've ever had. The BBQ oysters were my favorite of all that I've tried. If you want to eat something a bit more substantial, their oyster burger was out of this world!!"A" for elegant, slick decor with classic overtones reminiscent of the Oyster Bar in Grand Central Station, the Grand Daddy of the concept.  "A" for the fun vivacious Happy Hour crown and value drinks/oysters.  Oyster crackers, excellent, fresh, plentiful.  Drinks created from a rich array of quality booze.  Peel and eat shrimp great value.  Soups, underwhelming but NOT bad...I just prefer a heartier stock in my Snapper Soup (dating myself with the Bookbinders comparison). Bud had New England Clam Chowder, same comment: underwhelming.  So food= "B".  That said, I go out for the whole package, and I think it's a great time.  Sweet hostess, professional yet engaging barkeep. I like that the age skews younger to a 20's-30's professional crowd. For architectural purists, floor to ceiling white subway tile.  Classic white marble aged bar-top.  Wide plank wood floors. Exposed ductwork and track lighting provides a nice juxtaposition between old/new, done in a monochromatic pallet of taupes, whites, creams, browns and back.  Very nice.We found this place because we were looking for seafood. It's a 5 min walk from the hotel so by not try. The reviews seem pretty good too. They offer high tables and regular dining tables. We came here with Hubby's business friend. We ordered mostly from the appetizer menu and I got one entree for myself too but I liked appetizer better. The entree that I got was the fisherman's stew and I didn't really like this dish. It was seafood swimming in a red tomato sauce but the sauce wasn't that good. We ordered steamers, grilled octopus, fried calamari, fried oysters and one more could be fish but I wasn't sure because I didn't get a good taste of that. The best part of all the dishes were calamari and steamers. I still prefer raw oysters! They also made a good fruit cocktail for me. Also the best part of the night was my cheesecake at the end. Hubby's friend ordered carrot cake bread pudding, but my cheesecake's the best! Highly recommend cheesecake. Desserts are homemade. They made these at home. Their home! Get the best cheesecake from this home!I went here about a month ago with my boyfriend during happy hour. We initially sat at the bar for a few oysters. Yes...I said a few. Well a few turned into a couple dozen. The were so delicious and fresh! The bar area is a bit tight, but it's worth it for the price. 
After eating oysters at the bar and having a couple of drinks, we sat at a table for a meal. At this point I wasn't extremely hungry, but we had to try the lobster roll. IT WAS AMAZING!!! Large chunks of lobster, not heavy on the mayo which allowed all the sweetness of the lobster to really shine. The roll had a nice toast to it and to top it off....it was buttered. I must say their lobster roll is one of my new favorite things to eat. Absolutely delicious!!
While it was our first time visiting The Oyster House....It certainly won't be our last. 5 stars all the way!!
P.S. This is my first Yelp review :)Never left here unsatisfied. Their lobster roll is the best in the city. Pricey but worth it. Comes with a huge pile of crispy fries. No soggy fries here.  All the seafood options are great as well.Oyster House has the freshest and tastiest raw delicacies in Philadelphia.  I am never disappointed whenever I dine here.  My most recent dinner not only exceeded my expectations, but my dining experience was absolutely wonderful because of my server Michael.  From the moment we sat down until his perfectly timed greeting, we knew we were in good hands.  His recommendations on the perfect pairing of food and drink were just right.  Everything we asked for, we delightfully received. From the oversized Wellfleet and Naked Cowboy oysters to the handcrafted graham cracker and carrot cake ice creams, his recommendations were superb.  Even our spirits and non-alcoholic drinks were appropriately paired based on Michael's suggestions.  We left more than satisfied with our meals and service.  We will definitely return and will ask for Michael again.