Food was good. Ordered Calamari and Kung Pao Chicken. I love how you can rate the spice level on the dishes. The decor could be better, but overall everything was good. And yes, it is pretty dead inside.Silence is golden - not always relevant.
I "want" to really like this place.  The inside is pretty cool, wait staff is generally nice, it's just off of South St.  I've been here several times, had the Drunken Noodles, several curries.  I've liked everything but didn't love anything.  What really doesn't settle with me is that every time I come here, there is maybe one other couple inside.  If I were going on odd days or off times, I'd look past it but it's always that way.  Oddly enough, Hikaru (across the street) is the same way in that regard.  
It is pretty good Thai for Queen Village, but I might recommend it for take out.This is a favorite for my girlfriend and I. We love the atmosphere, friendly staff, generous hours and the food is always delicious. We have gone back 3 times and even brought friends with- they also loved the place. I just wish their bar got more traffic- its seriously a really nice place to chill. Very intimate setting.Great prices.  Awesome pineapple fried rice. Eddie is the best. Love that I live next door!Great food!! Will def be going back. Service was crappy at first but once the waitress warmed up to us everything was cool.Dan Dan noodles were pretty good, not han dynasty quality, but tasty and good spice. Crab wontons were awful, lukewarm temperature and the triangle, doughy kind with more cream cheese then anything. The coconut soup was decent, but needed some extra ingredients (I added some fish sauce and lime juice and it tasted much better). Overall, eh. I think I'll stick with circles for my Thai cravings.Took 70 minutes to come, and they got the order wrong, so the vegetarian had nothing to eat. Overpriced.  Bland.  Tamarind is SO much better, we'll just need to go pick it up.When I first moved to Queen Village I was desperate for some Thai. I read the reviews for Pad Thai and I thought "How bad could it really be?" I wished I skipped it. The restaurant itself is actually pretty big inside. It was dressier than I thought and felt awkward as I waited for my take out in an Eagles jersey. It took a while for the food to come out. I made it one block home and our noodle dishes were watery and thee was almost no flavor. On top of all that, it was pretty expensive for a vey small portion of noodles. I would say it was $11 to $15 for each dish and it didnt fill a to-go container.We had the pumpkin curry and,green curry with shrimp. Both dishes were excellent. The mango/ black sticky rice dessert was also very good.Overall the ambiance,including the  music , service and, food was excellent.Not a bad place..The food was good, but did not wow me..Service was ok. only because it was a slow mon nite.. Price was good. I might not go back..unless someone pay's for me...LOLOrdered drunken noodles and pumpkin curry for pick up tonight.  Halfway through the drunken noodles we found a DEAD ROACH IN THE NOODLES.  Seriously.  Called to tell them and asked to be refunded the $27.  First they offered a store credit -- Why do they ever think I would want to eat there again?  Then they offered to only refund the drunken noodles and said they wouldn't negotiate.  I had no interest in "negotiating" either, so I hung up and will call the health inspectors tomorrow.  DEAD ROACH IN THE FOOD AND THEY WONT REFUND THE ORDER.Everytime I go here I have a good time, and leave with my lips aflame. The food is good, if nothing fantastic. Beware though, when you ask for the food spicy, it will come out REALLY hot. This is not a place that serves "spicy" food at tepid temperatures for tourists.
I don't know much about the take out situation, which seems to be a problem for other yelpers. All I can say is that it's a nice little out of the way place just off of South St. for when you want hot tasty noodles. The sit-down service was good and attentive, so make it a place to go for a night out instead of a night in.Pad Thai is a great neighborhood gem.  I love their Pad Thai, spring rolls, crispy fish, and a lot of the other menu items I've had there.  Service is friendly and efficient.  Reasonably priced compared to similar high quality Thai restaurants I've eaten in. Highly recommend, kid friendly too.I came by with my boyfriend for a quick and low key dinner.  We were alarmed that we were the only people in there, and thought it to be a bad omen.  We were wrong.  Our waiter was great, his service was truly on point.  Our meal was really well spaced, meaning we got our appetizer, and then had a minute to sit before our entrees come.  Lots of restaurants struggle with this, and it bugs me when everything comes on top of itself, so this was really great.
We started wtih the tofu summer rolls in peanut sauce.  They truly were perfection.  I got the Jungle Curry with steamed tofu.  I should have gone for fried tofu, as i think it would have been better, but the steamed tofu was pretty good, and the vegetables were pretty incredible.  I ordered the dish spicy (4 chillis) and it was just that- toasty.  I like it that way, and made this move intentionally, and really enjoyed my food.  My boyfriend got the Jungle Curry wtih chicken, and didn't get his as spicy, and said he wished he had embraced the spice a bit more.  
All in all, i think this place does a slamin' take out business, and that their dining room is underutilized.  The decor is nice, the view of South Street is relaxing, and I really enjoyed my expereince here.  I'd like to come back again!this was probably the worst thai food i've ever had. the tom yum tasted nothing like tom yum and only had two pieces of shrimp. it was extremely sour almost like it was entirely made of lemon juice. 
the pad thai wasn't very good as well. i can't quite put my finger on what it was but it just doesn't taste like pad thai, just like plain noodles with chopped up peanuts. 
i think for the poor quality of the food they are completely over priced.Went here for take out one night.
It was aight. Pricing was reasonable.
Being that I'm no stranger to Thai, the food was eh/okay. I asked for Panang with beef, as hot as they could make it. The spiciness held up, but I was a bit disappointed in the amount of actual meat and veggies in my big takeout bowl container. It resembled soup more than it did a curry.
It's on my block, so I had to give it a try, but like many other reviews have indicated, it's not superbly awesome by any means.Having only tried Thai food once before, I was excited to try this place, especially because I live in the area. It wasn't crowded so I was seated quickly and the server was really nice. He took the time to recommend his favorites and they were delicious. Chicken satay was so good as an app, for dinner I got pineapple fried rice which was also amazing. Overall, it was a good experience and I'm definitely going to go back, hopefully the same waiter is there (Dave? I think) it was a Saturday. Can't wait to try moreBoyfriend and I were roaming South Street area and I had a sudden hankering for Thai food. Just then, we noticed this place so we headed in.
There was one other couple there who seemed really fussy and kind of standoffish to the young waiter. This sort of kept him from waiting on us properly, but since I saw the whole thing I let it go. Yes, there was one waiter for the entire restaurant, which is pretty big (even though there were only 4 people in there dining at the moment). I asked if he was ok and he admitted they just finished a huge rush and he was a bit flustered since he was the sole waiter. As inexperienced as he was as a waiter, he tried his best to make sure everything was right and to our satisfaction.
We ordered a ton of food and it took a little while to come out but it showed. Food was fresh and flavorful.. you can tell everything was made to order and not pre-made half cooked crap. We had some dumplings for appetizers. I got shrimp pad thai and the serving was moderate. I ate the entire plate, which is unusual for me. Boyfriend got some kind of spicy fried rice, the Buddha Jump Over the Fence (we only remember this because of the funny name) which was a half chicken and yes.. we ate everything. While we were working on our food, the other couple kept giving our poor waiter such a hard time and he still tried his best to accommodate us. This place seems like a family-owned restaurant with small staff, so the wait time is understandable though it should be addressed.. since I saw a person standing at the door for a few minutes to pick up a "to-go" order that was already just sitting there.
All in all, can't wait to go back.This place has a good menu selection and the food was fantastic. The only thing I didn't like was the Thai Iced Tea, it had a smoky flavor that no amount of ice could chill. 
I forgot to mention that the tables could be a bit bigger for groups.Menu was extensive, food was flavorful and delicious.. and they had tofu/brown rice options. However, the poor waitress was the only waitress for the evening on a Friday night and we were there for over two hours. Waited forever for our food. The moral here is: only takeout/get delivery from here.. don't eat in, unless you have a few years to spare.Solid place for noodle dishes and appetizers. I love their pad thai and drunken noodles, and the spring rolls and soups are fantastic. I've tried one curry dish and a spicy eggplant dish that were both average, but nothing special. 
The service is good, the prices are reasonable given the quantity and quality, and you can get PROPERLY spicy food here! I'm talking red thai chili's, seeds and all, right in (if you want it that way). 
Worth checking out!Found this place on Grubhub. I've ordered like 4 times in the past 2 weeks. The food is great, it's always hot and almost every time the food is like 30 minutes early. Haven't had a thing on here I didn't like. The Chicken Satay app is probably the best I've ever had. The selection is extensive and I look forward to trying a lot of things from it.Cruising along South Street we weren't sure where to have dinner. It seems the eateries come in pockets along South Street but range from Roti places, takeouts, pubs and a few small restaurants.
We found a nice Thai Restaurants with moderate prices right on 2nd Street off the corner of South Street. I believe it was also in a landmark building that was occupied a famous Philly architect dating back to the 1800's.
I ordered a Pineapple fried rice with Shrimp. Had to remove tail, size was moderate, and price was only $9. The dish was just right and shrimp tasted like it was supposed to taste like. The pineapple was not canned, they were fresh, which a says allot about a restaurant.
I also had Thai Iced Tea which was exactly as it was supposed to be and the best thing is they did not drown it with a ton of ice.
My date had the Drunken noodles which are broad noodles. She had them with beef. The beef tasted a bit gamey (strong) so both of us disliked the meat, but the noodles and sauce were great.
The service was great. Very attentive and courteous.
Environment was clean and spread out in some areas and moderate in others.
After dinner they provide a Fortune Cookie - people think its a Chinese thing but was actually invented in California by a Japanese entrepreneur.. and now served in a Thai Restaurant. go figure.
Credit cards are accepted.
For dessert, right around the corner and about two blocks towards the higher number there are about three ice cream places.. one is a Thai Ice Cream place which is a must try ($7 per cup.. its made fresh right before your eyes!
Bon Appetite!
CarsonGreat undiscovered gem in Philly. We live in Chinatown and still come here. The green curry is the best in the cityAlthough I have never been to the actual location, my boyfriend and I have gotten delivery from here on a couple occasions, and we always go for the pad thai (if your restaurant is named after it, it must be good right?) and good it is. Not the best I've ever had but pretty spot on. The appetizers we've gotten were good as well, spring rolls, dumplings - all good. You can mix it up too, get half veggie, half meat. And they come with a delicious dipping sauce.
I love pad thai so much that it is hard for me to sway from getting it but reading the other reviews, I'd like to try something new next time I order food from there. 
Recommended.We went here searching for a new place and good Thai food in the city. This is the place. We were the only couple in the restaurant (which seemed like a bad sign), but it was a Monday night and a little hot outside for Thai food. The manager created us and the waiter was sweet. He made suggestions and made sure we were comfy. We left with an $80 with tip, but we had huge servings. Two drinks each, crab dumplings, duck curry, pineapple rice and coconut fried ice cream. The desert even came with a red bean and rice side. By far the best meal and service I've had in this city in a long time.Our original order was placed at 7:15pm. When our order arrived at 8:30 (whatever, no big deal, not absurd I suppose), we were missing one of our soups. What is absurd, however, is that at 9:46, I'm still waiting for the second soup to arrive. What's even more absurd, is that when I called to let them know that we were missing the jasmine rice soup, but did receive the vegetable soup, she suggested that I just add rice to my current soup. Dumbfounded, I asked if she was seriously suggesting that I "AMOR" (add my own rice) to which she replied, yes, it's the same thing, just minus the rice. Not sure if serious, Pad Thai. Is this soup worth the 3 hour wait? I don't know. We will see... Or maybe we won't. Ever. 
P.S. Food is good, when it comes.This place...I don't understand why it's not way busier.  Their steamed dumplings are delicious as are their drunken noodles.  I've had their curry a few times and that's been great too. The only downside is that their prices turn out to be higher than I think they will every time.Food's just ok, but delivery service is terrible. I've ordered from them twice, and both times they were significantly late. The second time I waited over two hours; tried to call to find out where my meal was, and got their answering machine.Why didn't I consult Yelp before ordering take out from this place? I guess the allure of "good" Thai food being delivered was too tempting. 
The thai wonton soup was disgusting. We got two orders, and had to throw both out. The broth was bad and the wontons tasted awful.
The Pad Thai was just ok - nothing special. I definitely won't be going back.No one knows about this place but it is such a sweet little restaurant.
I think they just redid it, but last time I was there there was a dining room in the front and a dining room in the back. The latter room had vines all along the wall and ceiling and they made it looks very much like a warm climate.
I've been here about 4 times under old ownership and every time got the same thing (it is a sure bet). Mango chicken entree and the mango sticky rice as dessert. 
If you know mango sticky rice you will love their version here: it is black and super sticky.
I must note that when I came here last it was under new management and I got sick the day after. I am not sure if it was connected or not.Out of all the Thai restaurants I've been to, Pad Thai absolutely has the best pad thai. Nothing else compares and my BF and I order it from there all the time.
Recently, the restaurant had been closed for a while, which made me extremely anxious that they had closed for good. However, they have reopened under a new name, Pad Chili. It is apparently just a rebranding and the restaurant has been remodeled. The menu has the same staples, with a few modifications. They did say that if you wanted something from the old Pad Thai menu, they would still make it for you.
So we went last night to see if their pad thai was the same, and indeed it was. YAY!! 
I have to admit, I miss the old decor, but Pad Thai was usually very empty anytime I went to eat-in, so I can understand that maybe the rebranding is a way to attract more customers. As long as they don't plan to change their pad thai recipe, I am happy =)This is one of my go-to places in Philly! I've been here several times and don't plan on changing that anytime soon. The Pad Thai is delicious. My friends have had the pineapple rice and various curry dishes, and none of them have had complaints. They really listen to your spice requests: one friend requested "no spice" while another asked for "extra spicy," and both were surprised when they got exactly what they asked for!
The portions are generous, and the prices are acceptable. The service can be a bit brusque at times, but never outright rude. Check out the decor of the entire place; I love the elephant statue!I love Thai food for its strong flavors and aromas. I felt this restaurant was more Americanized and a lot of the dishes were more mild than what I'm used to. 
This restaurant is very large so it would be good for a large group to make reservations here. The decor and ambiance is also great. The food? ... just OK.
I got to try many of their dishes (see pics) since we came with a large group and everything tasted just OK but I wouldn't say anything of dishes were standouts. Here's the list of what we ordered:
- Calamari Appetizer: the batter was more of what you'd expect for onion rings, which made it interesting. It was served with a sweet and sour sauce.
-Pad Thai: probably one of the most boring Pad Thai's I've never had. I don't know where all the flavor was. Extra strange since that's the name of the restaurant. 
- Sweet and sour Chicken: tasted more like typical Chinese food.
- Mango Chicken: tasted like the sweet and sour chicken and NOT served with slices of mango. The "mango" in this dish was in the sauce I assume so don't expect to get what you'd see at Aqua or Banana Leaf. 
- Green Curry Chicken: the flavor was good and the chicken was tender. However, the curry itself was a very strange texture. It didn't seem naturally thick and more like cornstarchy thick. A little too slimy for me. 
- Panang Curry Beef: served with green beans and beef cubes. The beef was tender but this was also the first time I've seen this dish served with beef cubes. Again, sauce was a strange texture. 
- Drunken Noodles: tasted OK but I wanted a little stronger flavor in the dish.
We also asked for extra chili pepper paste/flakes thinking they had those chili racks but we got charged 50 cents for each tiny dish of extra spiciness. 
The service here is great and yes, it's a BYOB. They have a baby elephant statue inside too hehe.Not authentic Thai food. Surprisingly bland. May be suitable for those who have never been to Thailand.We went here last night after ducking our head into Fez and quickly exiting. Since we already had parked our car, we decided to give Pad Thai restaurant a try. Since the name lacked creativity, I couldn't say that I was expecting much from their food, but then again, have you ever really eaten bad thai food? My fears were quickly put to rest after I ordered one of the best cocktails of my life. I can't remember the exact name, but it began with a P and was a martini with cilantro in it! heaven. The drink alone was enough to earn this place an "a-ok" rating, but then we got our dishes and the pumpkin curry was equally delicious. We also tried the green curry which was a solid dish. The service was quick and really friendly and the place was clean and bright, but honestly it could have been a dump and I would still return for that cilantro cocktail.The food is delicious, prices aren't bad, and the atmosphere is nice. Word to the wise: the hot curry is very hot!In honor of my friend's nineteenth birthday, my friends and I happened upon this place while exploring South Street, something we had never done before. The setting was calm (though perhaps this was due to our being the only customers), the service efficient and accomodating, and the food nicely prepared and tasty. I had green vegetable curry with a terrine of jasmine rice: delectable with just the right amount of spice and coconut essence. My friends were equally pleased with their various fried rice and crispy noodle dishes. For dessert, I happily stuffed a Thai banana split consisting of green tea and red bean ice creams, banana, lychee, longan, jackfruit, and chocolate sauce into my mouth, all for an understandable price (since reasonable for me is technically free no matter where I go-heh). I visit Philly too infrequently to guarantee a return, but I will certainly recommend this little gem to all who have a passion for Thai
Update: A second return with an equally large amount of people yielded a lesser experience. While the service was still sweet, if a little bubbled-brained, I was disappointed by pumpkin curry with shrimp; the two "main" ingredients barely showed themselves in the soupy mass of disappointingly mild spices. Hmmmm.... :(So. 
For the price and location, I expected wayyyyyy more than what i got, tastewise, as portions were HUGE. So bring your appetite!
I ordered the drunken noodle with fried tofu, Loved the fried tofu, but the rest of it was soo bland. I mean it was spicy n all that, but too many bell-peppers and overall taste was meh. Same with the papaya salad, papaya was cut too thick and not enough seasoning. The shrimp roll actually took me by surprise, I would recommend ordering that. Tried my friend's Thai basil with Chicken and Green curry with Tofu, they were alright, or fine, pretty alright. But would I go back for it? No...
Our server was pretty nice but seemed a bit flustered, but I guess if you are genuine and warm, I don't mind you being a somewhat flustered. For dessert we got the fried banana rolls with coconut ice-cream, wouldn't order that again either. Lets just say, everything I ate here, I have had it elsewhere and it tasted WAY better.I go here whenever I'm craving Thai, or have enough money to venture out for food.  The pad thai is delicious and so is the duck curry, which are the only two things I ever get because I'm so in love with them.  The appetizers are not anything special, but who cares when the entrees are to die for.  The service is great and the environment in enjoyable.This is easily my most favorite Thai place in Philadelphia. I've gone here many times and can definitely say that if you're looking for a nice, quiet dinner for 2 then this is a nice place to come.
The service has never let me down here. All the waiters that we've met have been very personable (well, for Philly) and courteous. The noodles and duck here are also a completely pleasant surprise. Nothing too oily or greasy here. Also, the presentation for all the dishes is very pretty with a great attention to detail and flavor.
The only thing I really have to say was not that great was the curry. It's just missing that spicy, full of flavor feel that real curry has. But if you're just looking for a nice evening out for Asian without the horrible stomach pains that Chinese food will give you, then this is a great place.Leanne is an AMAZING server! The food is delcious, service is great & the ambiance is perfect!
It's not a very big place, but when you walk in you are immediately welcomed. The lighting is nice, even though it flickered a few times, but it just adds to it's grace, in my opinion. 
When I was there, some women wanted to sit outside and one of the table runners actually went out of his way to place tables and chairs outside for them, which I found charming. 
It's small, but not crowded and the bathrooms are clean. 
I had the Pad Thai with a side of peanut sauce & it was fantastic.
The ginger ice cream is to die for! The calamari & the shrimp spring rolls are fried to perfection! Very tasty place!
I've also ordered delivery from this place a few times and it is never a disappointment. I absolutely love the ahi tuna salad! 
Highly recommend!I liked it a lot... It wasn't like the Thai place from where I'm from but it's quite sufficient. I'm pleased with the service and the ambiance is great!I ordered Pad Thai for delivery and it was absolutely disgusting. I've had better thai food microwaved than from here. I wish it was JUST tasteless. Yuck. Never again.Worst thai ever. Jasmine rice was plain w-rice, lemongrass soup was tasteless w/ uncooked, unwashed mushrooms, curry was bland n chicken was fatty n stringy.  Poor ingredients.  Curry was more like bland potato soupFirst off, I love spicy thai food, and I have eaten a lot of it.  I want to sweat when I eat dinner, and I want my thai food to be complex and flavorful.  I know this may be a lot to ask, but thus far I have been extremely upset with the Philly thai food I have tried.  Pad Thai was pretty bad.  Bland, boring, americanized.  Although they are one of the few thai places in my area that delivers, I will not go there again.
We ordered the druken noodles, chicken salad (laab gai), and summer rolls.  All three were sub-par, with the chicken salad slightly better than the rest.  The drunken noodles had almost no flavor, and the spring rolls were completely overpowered by the mint.  
I know what authentic, wonderful thai food is supposed to taste like, and this is really not anything close.  For those of you who haven't eaten a lot of thai food, please do not let this place influence your opinion.  
The other major issue I had with Pad Thai was the price.  I am a recent transplant to Philly from out west, and having lived in four other cities and eaten lots of thai food within the last 8 years, I have never seen such high prices.  Philly thai food in general is outragous!    Is there any good, authentic, cheap thai food in this city?I should have looked at the yelp reviews because google averaged this place at 4 1/2 stars.
No.
This place has very mediocre to subpar flavors. My pad see-iew was extremely bland, was about 65% vegetables to rice noodle and needed to be mixed a lot when I got it. My friends had the Panang curry and they also felt majorly suckered. I think my friend said she would pay $4.00 for a dish of this quality.
There has to be better Thai food, for Philly's sake! I chose one star because I would never choose to go back to this place, not at $10 per entree.A group of friends and I randomly stumbled into Pad Thai after having a drink at Dark Horse across the street. We had our sites set on dining at that mexican joint on South Street (where I hear they give you to-go cups for your margaritas), but were waiting for a friend to join us, and that place was packed by the time she showed up. Enter Pad Thai.
Pad Thai looked lovely from the street, so we went in. It was occupied at about half it's capacity. It was lovely on the inside as well and were seated by a large, golden elephant. Our waiter was lovely, too. All was forgotten about the Mexican joint: lovely.
We ordered drinks. A few of us enjoyed some delicious Thai-inspired martinis until they were gone. The waiter came back and asked us if we'd like another round. He was super nice and there wasn't any food in front of us after 30 minutes of waiting, so we said yes.
Another 20 minutes later, we were all drunk. 
It took 50 minutes for our very yummy food to arrive -- I ordered the Pad Thai with tofu and it was great. I think we met the chef who came to our table at some point during the meal to ask how everything was, but that part is fuzzy and I think we were all too busy eating to complain. 
The next day I was thinking about this place and how everything about it was awesome except for the fact that it's severely understaffed. Was our waiter cooking AND serving? Did someone call off that night? I really hope they figure it out soon. 
Drink responsibly, guys.We had the Summer Rolls with Shrimp.  Very tasty!  Pad Thai was super.  Dry Pepper with Shrimp was a winner!  Came with Groupon.  I would come back under any circumstance.  And a Bass Ale was only 3.50!I love waterfalls as much as the next girl, but not when they bust rapid-fire out of my behind moments after eating a questionable Thai meal. 
Perhaps it wasn't my lucky day. Waiting over 40 minutes for my entree in a nearly empty restaurant didn't indicate good fortune. My dining mien was further upended by unwanted conversations to my left (an impromptu gathering of the NRA) and right (one grindingly loud professor emeritus windbagging his detailed personal financial accountings to all who didn't care to hear.)
Also it may not be super-fair to judge a place on vegetable curry. Birds-Eye in a bag meets a fez-shaped rice plop -- what was I thinking?? Should have gone straight to chicken. Or beef! But beef is not a first-base play in my playbook. You have to work up trust.
In any event, the server was extra-nice, and they do spicy correctly and well. Maybe it was just an off night.
Once I get the remaining Bangkok-bug feeling out of my system, I'll give this place another try and update my review as needed. I want to like it here.Nice size space, really nice staff, nice long menu with a good many options both for the familiar pad thai or pad say ew and for the more traditional and spicy dishes. A little pricey, but good size portions.
And while I do realize this may not have as much of an impact on most as it does me, but they have tofu fresh rolls AND chicken wonton soup, two things I am constantly in search of. So yay =)I thought the menu was ok before, but with their new menu I've upgraded them to really good! I love the szechuan menu especially. Love the long hot peppers, dan dan noodles are good but not as good as other places in the city. My new favorite however is the dry pot style with tofu! So so so GOOD!le sigh...my search for authentic, delicious Thai food in Center City proper continues.
There isn't really too much to say about this place, aside from the fact that the decor is very pleasant.  I wasn't feeling particularly adventurous when I ate there, so perhaps if I had ordered something exotic, like the pumpkin curry, I would have been more impressed.
I ended up going for the Thai salad with sesame-ginger dressing as an app. and good ol' Pad Thai for my entree.  The Thai salad was...bizarre.  It looked like a greek salad (iceburg lettuce, cucumbers, red peppers) without olives.  No peanuts, and really no Thai flair to speak of whatsoever...dressing was good, but salad felt like something I would get at a take-out pizza place.  
The Pad Thai was fine.  Slightly mushy, but I'm never one to complain about a big plate of noodles.  It was just sortof...there.  Nothing spectacular.  Friend got summer rolls with tofu, and General Thai chicken.  The summer rolls were beautifully presented, but stuffed with romaine lettuce.  What happened to the vermicelli noodles?  Thai chicken was tough and oddly breaded.  
Save your money...go to Tamarind, Smile Cafe, or the Little Thai Market in the Reading Terminal instead.If u think all hot food have been americanized (the  doesn't mean anything) this is where u can get authentically spicy..get the Thai special hot on any of ur entree n find out!I would not go back...we eat Thai food a lot from NY to Cali, and unfortunately this was a let down.  We started off walking in at about 9:15 pm or so and the place was empty but looks fairly chic with a modern twist.  We sit down and look over the menu and order the Veg Summer Rolls $5 (not bad considering the time it takes to make these at home) when they came out they were nicely plated with cabbage underneath on the plate and carrots on top of the rolls as a garnish (they looked good).  
I knew I had a problem when I grabbed them...they were loose not tightly rolled as they should be, the peanut sauce was very salty for some reason, and the only Veg inside was lettuce and 2-3 carrot strands.  They tasted fine but the thought of having paid $5 for lettuce was disappointing...I would have ordered a salad.  So we both order the Pad Thai, I get the chicken no tofu, and B gets the Veg and all the tofu (lol).  I also ordered a Sprite, which came in a can and to be honest I hate when restaurants do that, if I wanted a can of soda I would have picked one up out of a machine down the street. 
I feel when you go to a restaurant that soda should be from a fountain as a can of soda implicates; 1. no refills, and 2. dirty top that I don't want to think about drinking from.  Sorry about that rant...so the Pad Thai comes out as the whole crew from the back is bringing out the trash (YES OUT THE FRONT DOOR).  So now I am skeeved out thinking what the hell am I about to eat.  So here is the topper, when she brought our food out they serve the Pad Thai with a Lemon...uh...ok...never seen that in a Thai Restaurant ...no big deal...I ask for a lime she says sure.  
The next thing I know she has 3 slices of lime cut up and in her bare hand and hands them to me.  I was shocked that a restaurant professional would do such a thing.  I, as most worked in restaurants as a teen and in college years and know that breaks every health code violation there is.  Plus who knows what they are doing in the back out of site!  I took maybe 3 bites and asked for the check.  The total bill was $36.00 and left $40 and didn't care about the change.  No she did not deserve a tip but I just wanted to leave.  I took a look at my phone to see what time it was when we left and it was 9:57 pm. 
I don't know if there problems are always like this or if we came on a bad/off nite.  If we came in at closing time or just before, I wish they would have told us.  Our favorite restaurant is literally 1 door down!  By the way I see I forgot to mention how the Pad Thai tasted...well if you like soupy Pad Thai then you have found your spot.  I have never seen it where the Pad Thai is soupy and lacking flavor...it was spicy since I asked for it hot...but besides the spice it was pretty boring.My husband and I came here to eat dinner together .Food is very delicious , and our waitress is very enthusiastic, also very hard- working. So I would like to recommend this restaurant , hope who like Thai and Sichuan food friends worth to try out this restaurant !!!Decor is nice.  The mango chicken was good.  Service was pleasant but a bit slow.  I would return to try more dishes!Every time I have come here, the place has been empty. I can't tell you about the speed of the service because I have never come here in a rush, but the servers are nice enough and bring you what you order and what more can you ask than that?
I'll be honest here. At Thai places, I order little more than pad thai and coconut soup, so I am not a Thai food expert and I've never been to Thailand so I don't have enough (read: any) cred to join that pissing contest.
The pad thai is delicious, one of the better pad thais I've had in the city, and you get a lot for what you pay for it. The coconut soup is as good as the coconut soup I make at home, which really only means that it's to my taste. 
So, good food, good price point, good service. "Yay! I'm a fan" pretty much covers it.I was pleasantly surprised with the take out order from Pad Thai. I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai entree and I was satisfied with the flavors, not fishy with a good amount of peanuts. 
The serving size was a lot larger than I expected and it wasn't just a heap of noodles. The chicken pad Thai had an ample amount of chicken and the standard garnishes. 
I can't speak to dining in at Pad Thai but the delivery was quick and the prices were great for the quality and portion sizes.
I would recommend Pad Thai for as a solid Thai delivery option.This was one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had. My party only went here because we got caught without a reservation on a Saturday night, and everywhere else in the neighborhood was turning us away. The fact that it was less than half full on a Saturday should have been an omen.
It took them several minutes to even notice us and bother to seat us. Then, despite the slow pace of business, it took over an hour for our food to come out. It's not like chicken over rice/noodles should really take so much time in the kitchen. The whole time, the wait staff were inattentive and unapologetic. When the food finally came out, it was mediocre at best. My dish was lacking in flavor, and drowning in a gloppy sauce. I've had much better Thai food elsewhere for a better price. The only positive was the huge portions--make sure you're in a position to leave with a doggy bag if you're forced to come here.
When our meal was mercifully over and the check finally came, we were outraged to see that an 18% gratuity had been added to the check. Service had been so abominable that we would not have voluntarily left a tip--something I almost never do. Lo and behold, the menu did state in fine print that an 18% gratuity would be added to parties of 5 or more (we were exactly 5). Just slimy. Several expletives later, we all left and vowed never to return. I suggest you do likewise.Took about an hour and a half to get our food delivered this time. Usually they do better we did have a big order but the wait was a little ridiculous. 
I got the jungle curry. Was pretty tasty especially with the pumpkin chunks. 
Fresh vegetable spring roll was good. Mostly because of the delicious dipping sauce. 
Sticky rice was very good as well.So I convinced my partner to eat dinner here the other night. I was so wrong. 
He got some sort of shrimp soup and I had the vegetable soup first. It was really bland and overpriced.
We were the only people in the entire place, and no wonder. Their tea was good though.
Finally we got our dishes, I had gotten drunken man noodles with tofu that was good, a little too spicy but I was in the mood for spicy. 
My partner got the genderal tso chicken dish and he said they left the skin on? Needless to say he ate some of it to be nice to me because it was so expensive and was ill for the next two days. 
I didn't know he was sick because of it until I had some of his leftovers the next day and spent the next couple hours throwing up. Maybe it was the spices or something but I usually eat really spicy food.
So I would never go back for the price, the food just isn't good and might make you sick. 
The staff who work there are really nice, it's not their fault the food is bad and overpriced. I tipped her well because I didn't know I would get physically ill from the food.I ordered delivery on a Sunday night.  I decided to try the Pad Thai with chicken and fried calamari.  Delivery was very quick and easy.  I had the food in less than 30 minutes after ordering.  But, I was given a $3 delivery charge, even though I was in a supposed free zone.
The food was very mediocre overall.  The fried calamari was not good.  They looked like the frozen onion rings from Burger King, and were chewy and tasteless.  The dipping sauce helped, but it tasted like canned sweet and sour sauce.
I was really craving pad thai, and after looking places up, I decided to give this place a try (it's in the name right?).  I asked for it a bit spicier, and they nicely obliged.  But the dish itself just did not have much flavor.  The peanuts were too hidden and everything was just bland.
There are too many great asian restaurants in Philly to come here again.Love their lemon grass soup with coconut.  Soooooo good.  I usually order e pad Thai.  They give you a great little plum candies that I absolutely love.  The staff is very good.Most people who know me are aware of the power of my cravings.  If I get a craving, for say...pad thai...I need a place to satiate said craving or else things could get nasty.  This place definitely does it for me.
It's a little more expensive that I'd pay on any night of the week, but not too expensive that I need to starve all week to go there.  I went with a big group around 7pm and the place was empty.  The Mariah Carey was playing slightly too loud on the speakers, but the server turned it down when he heard us whispering about it.  It was very strange how the place didn't even start to fill up until we were leaving around 9.
Since we were with a big group, we all tasted each other's things.  Half of the group are vegetarians and they loved the veggie-friendly menu.  Even though I'm not a veggie-tarian, I still got the tofu pad thai which was delicious to my standards.  My best girl sitting next to me got the drunken noodles which were also delicious (if you like spicy), but I'm not sure if I could eat a whole plate.  That stuff gets to me after a while.
They also have delicious drinks if you like to try a new yummy cocktail.  All in all, a pleasant dining experience.  Service was pretty good, ambience pretty good and food...very satisfying.
Who's comin with me next time?Mushy, overcooked pad thai, thin water tom ka gai and nothing else was memorable.   Apparently the food used to be better.  The seating in here is also really weird - they have booths up against the wall but the chairs on the other side really make you feel like you're sitting in the middle of the room and the servers keep bumping into you.  We wanted a place to relax, chat and eat, but the waiters were pushy and wanted us in and out of there even though it was only 9 and they are open until midnight.  Pushing us out the door isn't going to get you home any sooner Mr. waiter man!  I wouldn't go again.I'm slightly obsessed with this place. This has become our new lazy Sunday Thai takeout obsession! 
Since the name of the place is Pad Thai, I just had to try theirs, and OMG so good! I did request that it come extra spicy and they absolutely honored that request! 
My husband had the Basil Rice - which was also extra spicy and amazing! I think I liked his more than mine. 
Pad Thai is quickly becoming my favorite Thai in the city!This is one of the best Thai restaurants in the area... I can't believe it doesn't have more reviews! The curry is amazing and so is the pad Thai. The dumpling appetizers are good (stay away from the calamari though) - the service is good and the atmosphere is quiet...good for a date! Overall, it's always nice going hereI love Thai food, but this delivery order was so bad I was inspired to finally set up a Yelp account. I was quoted 1 hour and 15 minutes when I placed my order online which is pretty bad to begin with, but our food wasn't delivered for nearly two hours. It was hot when it arrived, but truly awful. The only two edible items out of 6 were the spring rolls and the summer rolls. The Thai Sticky Rice was like a ball of super glue and our entrees were completely inedible (Pad Thai, Pad Si Eew and Curry Fried Rice). Very disappointed.I'm surprised the reviews aren't higher for this.  Large portions, good food, and full bar.  Interesting interior as well.  We had the pad thai and the thai-style paella, both were dynamite.My favorite Thai restaurant in Philadelphia. Grilled beef salad and green curry are very good. Food is nice and spicy.Their pad thai is freakin' goooood! As is the red curry (I love the amount of basil they put in). And, I love the fact that they deliver to such a large area for free (beyond that area is only $5-- totally reasonable). 
A little pricey though. For chicken pad thai and chicken red curry, our total bill was $26. Granted, that's usually how much we spend going to other places, but at other places we also get soup and/or another appetizer.Excellent Thai food.  They redid the place recently, and the new decor in the front dining room is lovely and oh-so-Thai.  
Good tom kha gai, some of the best Sum Tom (green papaya salad) in the city.  
I *love* their vegetarian summer rolls; sometimes I get 'em with tofu, and other times without.  Very fresh basil and mint in there, and the dipping sauce is wonderful.
Fabulous Thai iced tea, mango chicken is very nice; and the curries have the right amount of heat.
Don't get the beef salad; the beef's on the tough side (I've given it many chances).
Make sure you finish off with the sticky rice and mango as a dessert; it's a favorite.
Parking can be a little tricky since it's on the corner of 2nd and South, so leave yourself some time if you're meeting people there.very good pad thai. my second favorite place. both times were pleasant. the desert was delicious, i had fried ice cream. sooo good. and the servers have always been friendly.PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE. HORRIBLE SERVICE. REPULSIVE FOOD. I AM GETTING ANGRY JUST WRITING THIS. 
This was honestly the worst dining experience I have had this year, and perhaps in my entire adulthood.
It was a Sunday, early in the evening, and there were only three to four tables occupied yet the food took ages to arrive at our table.
The food was lukewarm, overcooked, over-seasoned, and the service, much like the food was absolutely appalling. 
We ordered vegetarian summer rolls (6$) to start and they took over 40 minutes to arrive at our table. Summer rolls are by no means a complex dish, especially when their meager portions only provide you with two rolls sliced in half.
The entrees themselves took an additional 30-40 minutes.
I ordered the "Red Curry" (13$) with chicken. The menu, and waitress, warned that it was "medium"-ly spicy. However, even to me, someone who has no particular tolerance for spicy foods, was disappointed. I was met with a pitiable square bowl full of watery, cream based curry that tasted like old coconut milk and chili peppers. This was CERTAINLY NOT THAI FOOD, much less hospital food. 
The chicken tasted and appeared as if the chef had diced it into little cubes and tossed it in the microwave.
Unfortunately my dish was not the worst of it.
My boyfriend who ordered the "Pineapple Fried Rice" ($9). The dish was a lump of over cooked saccharine rice. The rice tasted like caramelized cashews, in the worst way possible. The pineapple itself was soggy and coupled with the already overly-sweet starch, was disgusting. 
A bad meal is one thing but a bad meal with bad service is a whole new ordeal entirely. 
From the start, our waitress was inattentive and rude. She made NO attempting at creating any kind of hospitable report nor did she read any kind of specials to us.  
About a half hour in, another group, four people ranging from their late twenties-to early forties were also seated outside. Unlike us, their party was treated with a friendly demeanor and basic respect: she read them the specials, came out multiple times to refill their drinks or take other requests, and was conscious of how long the food was taking coming out twice to reassure them that it would be served momentarily, all things she simply could not be bothered to do for us. She even informed them of the impending rain, but failed to mention anything to us. 
Her behavior was nothing short of DISCRIMINATORY.
The real pièce de résistance of this employee of the month was her complete disregard for the importance of a restaurant's reputation and ignorance to the concept of customer service.
When my boyfriend, after the waitress had left us once again unattended for over thirty minutes after serving us our entrees, came back obviously anxious to get our money and get us to leave. In her one act of typical restaurant protocol she asked us if everything was alright with our food, to which this dialouge followed: (my boyfriends platter was barely touched)
Boyfriend: Well, no, actually my food was bad. I couldn't eat it. I'm sorry but Is there any way that you could take this back?
Waitress: Ummmmmmmm... why didn't you say anything when I gave it to you? Why have you been out here eating it the whole time than? (as above mentioned she had left us unattended for over a half hour, not once checking back to refill water or inquire about the quality the whole time)
Boyfriend: I was just trying to see if it was in fact edible.
The waitress than proceeded to argue with us finally telling us that there was simply nothing she, nor the establishment could do about it.
After asking for the check, she reappeared smuglyasking my boyfriend if he would like the remainder of his platter wrapped to take home.Ate here at least twice. Food is okay. Pineapple fried rice. Usually afraid of Thai food because Im not a coconut person so I try to avoid those dishes. The decor is usually very attractive, because it is a Thai restaurant. Yeah I love going in here for artistic energy. Havent tried enough on the menu...but might be back.I went to Pad Thai with my boyfriend a few months ago and had a pretty nice experience there.  Being a Thai myself, I know what good thai food tastes like and Pad Thai did not dissapoint.  We ordered Beef with basil and Chicken Panang curry - Perfectly cooked and tasted great.  
However, I've ordered delivery a couple times after my visit and everything was very dissapointing.  The pad thai was possibly the worst pad thai I've ever had (how can your pad thai be bad when your restaurant is called Pad thai?).  The beef in the beef with basil was tough and chewy.  The Mee Krob (literal translation: Crispy noodle) was not crispy at all and was soaked in super sweet, sweet and sour sauce.  
It is certainly not the best thai restaurant in Philly but  my sugguestion would be to go eat at the restaurant and see for your self.  Don't order take out or delivery. There food their seems to be a little inconsistant - hopefully you go there on a good day.Food was good, delivery was on time.  Red curry was extremely tasty with a nice balance between coconut milk and curry.  I hate when my Thai tastes overwhelmingly like coconut milk.  This was delicious with enough tofu and veggies to keep leftovers for lunch!  Having eaten much Thai, I recommend this place.So Yum! 
I love the food here. Whenever the bf and I are in Philly I try to eat at Pad Thai. 
I particularly enjoy and recommend the pumpkin curry. Suuuuuuper tasty.We ordered take out from Pad Thai.  Both entrees were incorrect, which was disappointing.  Also, prices are on the high side for Thai food.  That said, the pumpkin curry is pretty delicious.