As someone who is a tenant in the adjoining office building, I can tell you that Pagano's is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, which is sorely lacking in lunch spots where you can grab a quick bite.  Pagano's has nicely filled that need and then some.  I'm not crazy about the assembly line set up - it's tough to understand where the different lines begin/end, depending upon what you're ordering, but once you have it figured out, you move quickly.  Pizza is terrific, better than anything else around here.  The sandwiches are all very hearty, nothing here is for the health-conscious or dieter - and can very easily provide me with enough for two meals.  The salad bar is nice, better than average, and also contains several hot entree choices that change daily.  Again, with the exception of some items on the salad bar, most choices here are v ery hearty.  The bakery selection is terrific.  We've ordered cakes for the office birthdays, purchased slices of cakes, tasted their cookies, and breakfast pastries.  They're all good.  They do not do their baking on the premises, but wherever the baked goods are from, they're a home run!  
What I like best about Pagano's is the service.  From Matt Pagano, who is always working behind the sandwich counter to the person clearing tables, ringing up your purchase, or dipping you some of their dee-lish gelato, they make you feel special, they tell you how appreciative they are of your business, and you feel they mean every word of it.  I tip my hat to whomever trained these folks, because they truly embody customer service.I like coming to this place for lunch. They have great pizza and they have a huge selection of food! Their salad bar is pretty good too. I prefer their pizza and salad over their sandwhiches but thats just me. Their white pizza and spinach & tomatoe pie are my favs. They also have a good selection of desserts!Great go to place for lunch during work hours.  Wish they opened later for dinner.  The prices are a little more towards the high end for lunch but the food and service are great.  The employees are friendly and they remember return customers.I really really want to love Paganos as it is so close to my new office and the outdoor seating is a huge plus. They have so much seating its hard not to get a seat! 
I have been for lunch twice so far and both times spent way more than I had expected.  It is always busy so you know it is good..the lines keep moving pretty quickly. They have a salad bar in the middle that I've noticed can be a bit sparse..a pizza kitchen in the back and a fresh deli counter in the middle. I've eyed up the bar both times I have visited but since with co-workers...had to pass.
Today I got the turkey BLT on sourdough which was delicious and huge I only had half..but I'm sure I'll finish the rest before the day is out. I also asked for a side of the salad which was also delicious but only like filled about half of a small to go container. Plus a water and my total was $17 and change.
Previously I went with another coworker, I got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich which was great! But my last bite of my 1st half was a huge piece of BBQ cartilage...yuck! I'm one of those people who if I get surprised by a crunchy item that isn't supposed to be there I can't eat anymore. So I disposed of the other half...it did come with fries (obviously at a cost) but they were probably some of the best damn fries I've ever had! I believe that lunch totaled around $16 and change.
I will definitely be back but I'm still trying to figure out how to spend $10 or less on lunch...if anyone has any special tricks or secrets fill me in! I'm not sure if it is against the rules but I'll probably get one of those $5 platters from a food truck and occupy their beautiful seating.. :)I have told the Manager, Chuck, twice that the food servers do not wear gloves, especially the pizza maker and the servers behind the counters..  He said he would "take care of it" and still no gloves.  I saw the pizza maker wipe his sweaty forehead and continue to make pizza. I asked once for one server to put on gloves before picking up my pizza and he gave me an attitude.  There was also no gloves available to him.  I have also heard the servers make sexual comments about female customers.  More fool me to go back, but it's convenient as it's in my bldg.  No more!Quick lunch, always in and out. A variety to choose from.The pizza line and salad bar is super fast.  Great daily soups such a turkey chili and chicken noodle.The food is pretty great for lunch if you live or work in the area. They usually have some awesome lunch specials in the bar and the salad bar and pizza options are very robust. 
This place is right across from my office building so people always want to come here for happy hour. So, let's focus on the bar side of the business... The bar manager is always present, but doesn't appear to be running a tight ship. The service is always sub par and the bartenders rarely know anything regarding the current specials that have been advertised. When we visited last week, I literally watched as the bartender served EVERYONE standing around me, as I held a $20 bill in my hand with a smile on my face (this included a few older women who walked up after I had been waiting for about two minutes). After she finally took my order, she poured my wine and then she left it sitting on the wine cooler while she took the time to close out some else's check. 
It's just always a struggle here. Do yourself a favor and head to one of the other bars in the area!I go to Pagano's for lunch probably once a week - and I wonder why I keep coming back because I always have the same reaction upon finishing my meal - "This was not worth $11."  The salads are expensive - good, but expensive.  I've had calzones here too.  The food is definitely pre-made and not really worth the money you spend.  Classic type of business lunch spot where everybody leaves feeling somewhat satisfied, yet not overly ecstatic.  That being said, I'll probably still end up going here next week, at least once...vicious circle.Food tastes only about ok, the staff here is super rude. One of the male staff in white uniform behind the meat counter yelled at a young lady "Get out of here!" when the lady only asked a general question about the food in the counter. I was shocked to see this. Not recommended unless you don't care about the taste of your food or customer service.First i give this place two star based on the decent food and that it is a great spot for sips. The reason it's not getting a better rating is the management. They have been rude to our party more than once and that's something i can't understand. I think we all know in business 101 the customer is always right and in this case the managers here must have skipped that day at school. Also the guy behind the breakfast bar is ridiculously mean. Can't understand this place. The food is good but way overpriced and i suspect there is a lot of price gouging going on here.I work in Commerce Sq so their location is perfect for me. I usually hit up Paganos a few times a week for lunch. 
Definitely a sucker for their pizza, but they're entire menu is pretty much solid. Food tastes great, not too expensive, and they've got a bar.The selection and quality of the food is phenomenal. There is definitely an old school master chef behind the scenes! I love this place, and I rarely say that. It's spacious, clean, and has a real friendly quality about it. I can't understand some of the reviewers that complained about the expense. I thought it was very reasonable. I would gladly spend an extra couple bucks to enjoy great food in a friendly place(the employees are always smiling...seriously!) It just has a great "feel."
I like the fact that when I go to Pagano's, I'm going o get what I want every time: Great food, reasonably priced, served by nice people. I was in there today around 2pm and it was busy but no waiting and plenty of seats. 
A guy that works there came over and asked me how my meal was. That never happens anymore! Wow! 
I'll be back...for sure.I didn't know this place existed until today. Paganos is set back in a large courtyard in the building that occupies most of the north side of the 20th block of Market. It's basically an express cafeteria that has sandwiches, pizza, and a salad bar. All of the sandwiches are pre-prepared and they make heavy use of their microwaves there. I got an italian sausage sandwich. The sausage was pretty good but the bread was a bit rubbery. My teeth are still feeling the aftereffects. I will say that, although the price seemed steep at first ($7.99), the sandwich was fairly monstrous in size and scope. Still, with a place like this with such a giant menu, it's hard to know what's good. It makes me wonder if they should just focus on doing a few sandwiches well rather than offer every choice under the sun. I think the biggest draw at this place is its clean atmosphere and the tables outside that you can eat at. I'd consider giving this place another try, but probably not too soon. 
In conclusion, I'm looking forward to the Du Jour opening next to it.Great place for a (not too expensive) happy hour in the city. Good happy hour specials, and I've been there for lunch too and the food is pretty good. When the weather is nice there's outdoor space, which is great. But when the weather isn't great it can get pretty crowded, especially during SIPS. But usually it's a great place to meet with friends and catch up!I go to Paganos a few times a month for lunch since my husband works across the street.  Sometimes, he even brings home food for us to heat up for dinner.
Although it's intimidating at first, the layout is actually pretty good.  There are separate stations for pizza and calzones, sandwiches and hot food, and a salad buffet which had so much more than your average salad bar.  I've never had to wait too long to order or to pay.
My favorites there are their awesome meatballs and lasagna.  Their chicken cutlet sandwiches are great, and the sauce on their pulled pork is delicious.  
The pizza is great. I personally don't like the average Philadelphia pizza, being from the NYC area originally.  I love a thin crispy crust, and Paganos does just that with their pies.  Their sicilian is also really crunchy and really tasty.
The desserts are also delicious, from their chocolate covered pretzels to their cakes.  Our personal favorite is the mocha cabaret cake.
The staff is nice and the owner, Matt Pagano, is there working the lines everyday as well.  It's a great place to get a quick, but hearty lunch, and sit outside and eat, forgetting you have to go back to work for the rest of the day.I think the reason it's called Pagano's is because calling a restaurant "We Sell All Kinds of Crap Here!" borders on ridiculous (though certainly not beneath me). But, it's true. They sell all kinds of crap there!
Cheesesteaks... hoagies... pizza... fries... salads... pastas... meats... breakfast. It's all there. And you get a lot of food that's of a good quality and service that's of an even better quality. The guys behind the grill are super-nice and serve you quickly!
My suggestions for visiting are: 1. Bring a chunk of change. They are a wee bit pricey, and 2. Survey the layout before you get in line. It's a bit wonky. It took me a minute to realize that I had to walk by the pizza to get in line for the entrees and grill. And afterward, I definitely entered the checkout line from the wrong direction. Thankfully, the guy ringing me up was understanding about it. I just hope the people I inadvertently cut in front of were as well. Sorry, good people!2.5 .. just an average lunch place, jazzed up a little bit.
Seems like the only people who should go here are people who work in Commerce Square 1 or 2, or nearby office buildings.
It's overpriced, like most of the lunch places around here targeting this crowd.  Still, I go here more often than I like or should out of convenience.  It's really a waste of money.
The salad bar is ok, they have fresh produce there, at the least, but it's $10 a lb for salad.. and they even weigh the dressing that you put in a little plastic cup.  It's good, I guess, for a salad - but I don't know if it's $10s good.
Like another reviewer said, everything here is really heavy.  The one time I got a sandwich here (the grilled vegetable wrap), there was oil dripping out of the wrap.  The pasta salads are even worse, loaded down with a ton of mayo and everything is also heavily salted.  Even the cooked vegetable items in the salad bar, like the grilled garlic and asparagus you'd expect to be healthy-ish, but it's not.. that's also swimming in a puddle of oil too.  It's all well and good as you're eating it but you tend you feel gross afterwards.
Still, it's always busy here because of the location, I'd imagine.  I really need the weather to clear up so I stop being lazy and simply heading across the courtyard for lunch.
Oh wait, I went today because I forgot to bring the lunch I had packed. sigh.I had never been to Pagano's before because two years ago when I started working in Commerce One I asked them for a catering menu for our firm and the owner was so nasty to me on the phone about how his time is 'too important to fax over a catering menu' I had tears in my eyes by the time I got off the phone with him. Obviously, we did not give them our business and that's their loss since we have everything catered. 
Recently, one of the attorneys at my office gave me $100 gift card to Pagano's as a gift. I thought I'd just use it up since it's been a while. 
I decided to go down there to grab some lunch one day, being vegan I went straight for the salad bar thinking I could get some sort of gorgeous rainbow salad with all the delicious fixings. I also have a severe shellfish and fish allergy so I am pretty careful all around when eating out and mostly just stick to veggies. I checked out the salad bar, some veggies were raw, some not, some had spices or sauces on them, but there were only these peculiar little hand written names of what each was (with no details) taped to the sneeze guard above. 
The raw spinach said 'spinach' the cauliflower just said 'cauliflower' although it was clearly cooked with spices and sauces, etc....I asked one of the employees what was vegan and what was not. He said "the lettuce, the tomatoes, the croutons, and the cheese" and then proceeded to walk away. I stopped him and asked if he knew what vegan was. He said "that's the one with no chicken, right?" I asked if there was someone who I could speak with about the specific contents of the food and explained that I am vegan and that I have a severe shellfish allergy. He said "yeah, me." I said "no, get me someone else, please." He begrudgingly went to get someone. 
A woman came up behind me and said she wanted to ask the guy what was in certain things as well as she was allergic to gluten. So we waited, and waited....finally a guy came out and we both explained our situations in great detail and asked him to just go through item by item by pointing to each thing and letting us know if each of us can safely eat or not. He went through and noted each thing, saying that the croutons, cauliflower, and noodles were all vegan and gluten free. The girl next to me asked if he was absolutely sure? Were they made with rice or black beans, not wheat? He went back on his word and said the cauliflower sauce had cheese in it, oh and the croutons and noodles are not gluten free, and the croutons are not even vegan. We ended up going through each item THREE times because he went back on his word so many times after he just stated one thing, he would "no wait, never mind". Here I was to grab a quick salad and this had become some sort of twisted mind game, I had no idea what was safe to eat by the time he was done and what was not. 
We both ended up sticking to only the raw veggies as it was too risky to eat anything else. My salad was not enticing at all and I can say I was pretty disappointed as it was a total waste of time standing there with this guy while he bumbled through each item. When I got to the check out, I was even more disappointed, my raw veggies with no dressing was a whopping $13. There was hardly anything in there. I'm not sure if that was a mistake but I wanted to get back to the office because I had been gone so long. 
Why don't these people take a hint from Whole Foods and just list ALL the ingredients on each name tag under the name?? At least then they wouldn't have wasted our entire lunch hour.I eat here more than I'd like because it's in my building.  I was a big fan of the breakfast wrap when the first opened, but every day it was different.  When the finally nailed down their offering, it was $2 more than I had been paying and seemed like a waste.
While I stopped doing breakfast there, I did occasionally go for lunch, especially the salad bar.  That had to stop when I found a spider in the salad that I was eating.  What was even more shocking is that when I called down to tell them, they weren't even surprised and offered to fix me a sandwich instead!  So now the salad bar is off limits (I didn't go there for 6 months after that).
At this point, I get lunch there when I have no other choice (since it is convenient).  It does seem like you can't get out of there for less than $10 for a meal, which seems overpriced for items that are prepared and then nuked to reheat.Pagano's is amazing. Simply amazing. I was working in Commerce Square for a few weeks, and we ended up eating at Pagano's every single day for lunch. 
First, the food is fantastic. The burgers have really unique buns, and the onion rings are delicious. Even better are the options that are possible if you ask. One of my coworkers asked for a salmon sandwich, and they put together a delicious meal that the whole team started ordering. I've also had the low-fat chicken breast, which was surprisingly succulent for being low-fat.
What really makes Pagano's stand out is the service. I'm not sure if it's Pagano or one of the sons, but I experienced fantastic service every time I came. I would often come with a list of 4-5 meals for all of my coworkers, and I had to say no more - they handled it. One time, they didn't see the note I had written in my chicken scratch for onion rings, and they gave us free onion rings for making us wait.
In addition, they have a great drink selection and lots of snacks, both healthy and less than healthy.
I've seen some reviews complain about the prices - yes it's on the high side, but the service and quality of the food is worth it. Give Pagano's a shot.In a city with a million options for lunch, I'd suggest skipping Pagano's. It's expensive, the food is just... meh, and the icing on the cake for me is that I've seen the manager berate numerous employees in front of customers. Not cool. 
Pagano's is equally as expensive and unimpressive for happy hour. It's in Commerce Square which is the only thing the restaurant really has going for it.First time in Philly this place wasn't a bad bar but their customer service was awful we walked in and they served us and then we got kicked out because there was a private party why would you let somebody and when there is a private party taking somebody's money and then kicking them out is just completely disrespectful. Customer service. Awful.Excellent place! Matt is neurotic about good food! Pizza  - sandwiches are great too. They have the touch. I love it when the Fanatic radio station comes in to do their show. I met Seth Joyner on a commercial break last year. Super friendly and all class. Highly recommendI called in an order for a burger and went down to grab...went in and had no clue where to go so I asked the bar and they sent me to the checkout line.  The checkout line pointed to the meat area and the exact words were "you can talk to any of those guys behind the counter" so I went over and stood with a few other people. I got looked in the eye twice and as I would start to speak they'd walk away.
So one guy steps up and is helping another person and I say "excuse me I think that's my burger" and point to it sitting on the counter and he says "yep okay" and walks away.  I stand there for a second confused and he comes back and grabs it and in a very shitty tone says "sorry I didn't hop to fast enough for you" and some other berating bullshit loud and rude as hell.  I wasn't rude to him in any way but he came at me like a complete asshole.  Sorry that I was confused and told by the checkout line that I could just walk up.
Upon reading more reviews it sounds like i got the owner and I'm sure with the amount of business he does he just really doesn't care.  
My burger and fries are okay and I'm glad that I got them before they sat there getting soggy but I really can't believe that guy talked to me that way and I won't be back.  Hire some people that can handle a lunch rush please.Second Wednesday of SIPS summed up accurately: 
Sean Paul blared over a courtyard filled with expat interns cheers-ing to summer debauchery and getting "lit".I work in the plaza surrounding Pagano's and sometimes stop by for a slice of pizza at lunch time. The pizza is decent but only if you request  it to be  done well . Or else it can be greasy. There are lots of meats and vegetable dishes but never tried them. The carved roast beef looks wonderful but at $15 a serving it seems pricey. Recently ordered a corned beef special and it was delicious. Enough for two meals. The Corned Beef was California style with very little fat. New York style fans may prefer fattier type but it was fine with me. As far as the hot items are concerned I would not order the self serve hot food bar again. Tried turkey and stuffing and it was barely warm. Tried chicken parmesan with vegetables from the case. But it was around 1:30 p.m. and not juicy and fresh. Chewy and tough. Again...not warm enough. I'll stick with the cold sandwiches when I don't mind paying $10. They could last 2 meals. Bottled drinks and pastries are outrageously expensive. And this was before the added soda tax.  Must be worse now. Bring your own bev and eat upstairs.  Or take outside. Bag of Tates cookies is $6. Skip the  Crackers  and chips. Way too expensive . Nice staff. Quick in and out. Nice to eat outdoors in summer.   One more thing... around the time of the summer Democrat convention they put decorative mats at the doorways.  One depicting the Liberty Bell and the other  the Rocky statue. I have a problem with thousands of people stepping on, wiping their feet, or even ignoring our  Liberty Bell. I also urge folks not to tred on Rocky's  crotch.   Let's have some respect for our icons.  Bad choice for doormat  graphics.Where do you go if you want an ideal combo of getting various options of good food fast and getting to see lots of pretty business boys in pink shirts??? That's right, you go to Pagano's Market. Oh and before the male readers of Yelp get discouraged, there are plenty of pretty business ladies there as well, they're just not as important of an attraction to me as pretty boys in pink shirts...
If my memory serves me right, Pagano's on 20th and Market opened no more than a year ago or so, and has already garnerned almost like a cult following. I am there at least twice a week and I always end-up seeing at least some of the same faces. As far as food options are concerned, Paganos offers everything for everyone. The health-nut gets to enjoy the fresh and tasty salad bar or some yougurt with oatmeal while everyone else gets their share of sandwiches and pastas and whatever else comes to mind. Oh and their deserts look to die for.... I say look because I have yet to convince myself to try one, considering the amount of carbs and calories they contain. Now the place does get a little crazy at lunch rush, especially for those waiting in line for the sandwiches but I usually try to get there either right before (11:30) or right after (1:00) so I hardly ever have to wait. It's very clean, very spacious and the employees are pretty nice.
If I have any complaints, it's about the price. Yes, it's located right smack in "business district" but $8.00 for a small salad? Seriously? Considering all the competition around, like Trader Joe's only 1.5 blocks away, they really should reconsider their menu prices, or at least offer some sort of deal for their regular patronsRude staff. Expensive prices for deli and pizza. Did I mention that the staff was rude? Specifically the folks who man the pizza area. Everyone else is okay. Avoid the pizza.Really good sammich's, Hidden gem for Happy Hour, love the fact that they have a bar now.  Just hope the rest of Center City doesn't figure this out.  Awesome Chicken cutlets, meatballs, Mac and cheese is banging, yes, that is a culinary term.  On Wednesday, they have Turkey, Mashed potatoes and stuffing that dare i say is better then my moms.I can't say this place made the worse sandwich I've ever had in my life, and I can't say it made the best.  What I can say is that it was a sandwich.  Of that much, I am sure.
I got a flank steak hoagie that had some sort of crunchy onion rings on it.  The crunchy onions were the best part.  The bread was meh (it looked good when it was sitting behind the counter, but was quite disappointing.)  The flank steak was okay, and relatively gristle free.  For the price, (about 9$ for the hoagie alone), I expected better.I'm surprised by all the negative reviews here. Is it the best place to eat in Philadelphia? No...but it got the job done. I was working in philly for a week or so in the building where Paganos is and it was quite cold out and didn't have much time for lunch. This led me to Paganos where I had both breakfast and lunch. Italian sandwich, turkey and provolone sandwich, pizza, breakfast sandwiches and coffees. All pretty good. It is a bit overpriced but I was still relatively satisfied and not having to put my jacket on and venture into the cold was a major convenience for me. I agree the salad bar seemed a bit lackluster and they could definitely use an upgrade there but stick to the sandwiches and I think you'll be happy. It is true there are better lunch options to check out in the area but if you work in the building or next door it's worth a trip.These guys do a nice job. There is definitely too much going on between the bar on one side, the serve-yourself-by-the-pound buffet in the middle, the pizza spot, the sandwich spot, and the muffin/dessert area. But I really like their Italian sandwich, it is all I get, and they do a nice job for a pre-made ready to go sandwich.After years of eating at faceless delis in NY, a highlight of my summer was getting lunch at Paganos where the options seemed at the same time gourmet but affordable and the staff incredibly nice. The lunch options are delicious, rotating and effectively limitless and quality has always been a step up from anywhere else. My biggest regret in coming back to NY for work is missing this place.I work in the same building, so I eat here often by default.  It is superior to my other close and quick options - Au Bon Pain and Coventry.  The quality of Paganos is indisputably better than both.  As such, I don't mind paying a little more.
I have had a lot of things here - soups, salads, sandwiches, breakfast and pizza. Most things are good. I have two issues with this place though - 1. It is so hard to reach the soup under the glass covering.  Every time I go I watch people struggle with that. There has to be a better way! 2. The salad bar is sorely lacking. I wish they would add better toppings in place of some of the pasta salads or have a build-you-own salad area. They would do SO, SO well with one of those.  (think honeygrow or devon and blakely). 
If I could give this place a 3.5, I probably would, but I default to 4 because they have to be doing something right to get as much business from my co-workers and me as they do. Plus, they serve La Colombe coffee (major bonus!) and everyone who works there is very friendly.Charged $13 for a glass of cheap wine.  Absolutely ridiculous...I will never go back.  I had dirty martini's with high end vodka at Davio's for $11.   They need to re-think their pricing big time.Pagano's is A-OK - just as yelp 3 star joints are.  An over-priced salad/hot food bar.  Good soups, pricey platters of hot food (often chicken cutlets and pasta) and pizza.  Plenty of seating and boy do they need it during the lunch rush.
A vast selection of yuppified bottled beverages.
Great if you work at Commerce Square - especially on a snowy or rainy day.  Convenient.
Lots of options, priced a bit high.I've never eaten here, but I visit for Center City Sips. 
Yes, there are a lot of underage kids around (they usually crowd the DJ booth)
Yes, you will wait an enormously long time to get a drink (if you don't skip over to the liquor store across the street and purchase your own $8 box of wine to enjoy)
Yes, it's a pretty much filled with interns and preppy young adults getting "lit"!
But what else would you expect? It's fun, I've met a lot of new friends here, and there's music I can actually vibe too (who doesn't love Sean Paul?). All I'm saying is, if it's not your type of crowd, stay away.Morning:
Coffee is good but overpriced. I ordered a large iced (thinking LARGE) and got what appeared to be a medium 16oz.  They open early and have a nice selection of flavored syrups, and offer cappuccino, espresso and macchiato bevs. Heard they have a breakfast bar with hotfood but I have not tried it but should I crave scrambled eggs and bacon one day, I will know where I'm headed.
Afternoon: 
Salad bar is on the smal side and a little overpriced but its good for lunch and especially convenient if you're working in commerce square. Nice pizza selection and sandwich selection. Service is fast and the guys are so nice!  $11 for a chicken finger platter is a little steep. 
Night: 
Hit or miss when it comes to the happy hour here.  I've been here when there are 5 total people in the bar and when it's packed.  During SIP's its the latter.  Indoor and outside seating is always a plus. Nice for the 'corporates' who need a cocktail after work quickly.Don't come here for sips I'm writing this review as I wait to order a drink it's been over 40 mins not even an acknowledgement, awesome....and the server who purposely didn't serve me drinks her name was kat she told my boyfriend she chose to not serve me drinks on purpose, I wonder why...hmm?Had the beef filet on a kaiser roll with some slaw and provolone.  The roll was crispy and the beef was perfectly cooked.  What a great sandwich!! Will definitely come here againAbsolutely my favorite spot for lunch   
A lot of variety, all highest quality and very, very friendly service.  It is clear that "Mr Pagano" takes incredible pride in this place.  
I stop in every time I'm in Center CityIt's ok.  It's a big pricy but I know the rent in the building is expensive sooo..
I like getting an egg and cheese on a bagel but the heat lamp is a bad idea. The sandwich is cold so I either ask for a special one or I just don't buy it there. I think for $3.50 (more than the street vendor) I should get a fresh hot sandwich. 
Lunch is always busy which tells you the food is tasty.  They have a two slice and soda special which doesn't seem to be advertised anymore.  I haven't tried the sandwiches - line too long.
The salad bar was ok.  I went down at 1230 and at least 4 items were empty including 2 soups.
I haven't tried the SIPS yet and not sure I will.
Place is convenient so I'll be back.Owner (bald headed fellow) is hotheaded and does not hesitate to curse at customers, in front of customers. The man does not set an example for his staff to follow and I have witnessed him yell at a customer when the customer asked one of his staff if he knew when a buffet item would be restocked. It sounded like a totally innocent and common question that would be asked at a buffet if you ask me...or anyone else whose been to a restaurant before. He then proceeded to rip the man's plate from his hands and throw it in the trash while getting in his face, in his chef robe, at the busy cashier line for all of us to see. I will not be going back, nor will my coworkers who work in the building.
Owner who does not understand the business he is running, overpriced low quality food. No thank you. Go to Du Jour, the restaurant/cafe right next it instead. The food is great and they know how to treat their customers with respect.What a great Center City spot. Picture a sandwich line but with higher end menu and food quality. Throw in an exquisite salad bar. Add a bar and a cool ambience plus outdoor seating and you have a great lunch spot. I met Mike Pagano, the owner, who wanted to make sure I enjoyed my meal there. And boy did I ever. Go check it out, especially on Wednesdays, where here the place is apparently jumping after work.This review is for pizza and breakfast. I got the round and square cheese pizza and both tasted amazing. The square pizza is really thick with good cheese. The round pizza has a great taste and is definitely one of my favorite pizzas in Philly. I think the price is around $3+/slice so it would probably be better to just get a whole pie instead. Would definitely recommend this pizza! 
Another day I got a breakfast wrap. The wrap is probably about 8-10 inches so it's a decent amount of food. I got sausage egg and cheese. I thought it tasted amazing and was one of the better breakfast wraps i've had, and it was only $5 which in my opinion isn't bad at all. They also have a little breakfast buffet everyday which includes scrambled eggs, bacon, french toast, home fries, and sausage which all looked good but I didn't try it.Decent lunch spot but on the expensive side if you don't pay attention.  Definitely solid for office building food.  Probably wouldn't recommend going out of your way to come here.  They also just installed a bar and everyone down there is really nice...but not a good winter spot to drink. I am excited/interested to see what happens come Spring when the weather is nice and they start putting Phillies games on the new big screen in the courtyard.Pagano's has a great outdoor area for summer happy hours and their food is pretty good, but a little over priced. If you go in and order from the market there are cheaper options like their $2 pizza which is delicious. Definitely more of a drinking spot than an eating spot.I'm always down for a good happy hour at Pagano's, but I have to say I dread when I have to buy lunch here. Sometimes the options are limited especially if it's bad weather as I don't want to go out and find a place to eat, and I don't want someone risking life and limb bringing it to me. So pagano's is the only option.
Don't get me wrong, food is great, but it costs an arm and a leg and makes me feel like I bought lunch for two instead of just one (price-wise, not quantity-wise).
Definitely will keep coming here inevitably, but I typically try to avoid it!The management and customer service is horrible.  Very argumentative and not customer friendly.  I will be recommending to friends, colleagues and business associates not to use this establishment for anything.It has it good an bad points.  First outside morning coffee it is over priced.  My review is in two parts.  Breakfast gets a 2 star.   Coffee and quality of bagels, muffins is great.  Not to order a sandwich is something different.  Rude. Only want you to take their pre made sandwiches and wraps. I ordered a wholewheat toasted with egg and cheese.  Not toasted and came on plain bagel.  This isn't a fluke.  Better off going to a food cart and supporting them.  Lunch is a 4 star.   At least as sandwiches go.  Staff is courteous and  food is top quality.  Only knock is the price.  Breakfast coffee and pastry go for it.  Other than that go somewhere else.  Much is great just expect to pay more.  But they don't hold back on size or quality.  You won't be hungry after.Working in Commerce Square affords very limited options for lunch so you're often stuck going to places you would never go to otherwise. Pagano's is one of those places. The food is meh at best, especially the extremely marked up prepared foods in the deli case. The redeeming quality is the great snack and beverage selection. If I want a mid day nut protein boost with a red bull kicker as I often do I can grab them here, but barely under $10. The employees, unlike some of the patrons, are all extremely nice.
I've had underwhelming and very greasy (HOW!?) pasta dishes, an even more revolting pastrami special, and the most mediocre crab cake I've ever had. To be honest I expect this going to most high volume lunch places other than DiBruno, but be more realistic with the prices. $12 for reheated and very dry ravioli? No thanks. The salad bar adds up very quickly making Au Bon Pain a somehow better choice.I'm glad that I don't work in One or Two Commerce full time (my company has an office there that I visit), because my wallet would be seriously hurting from visits to Paganos.
On my few visits to Paganos, I've noticed a couple of things:
- Food is pretty decent.  I had a chicken marsala dish last time that I described as "almost as good as I make it at home".  They have a pretty nice spread of hot breakfast items too, which I have not yet tried.  
- Wide variety of food options.  They have pizza, sandwiches, soup, salad bar, snacks, drinks.  Something for everyone.  Good place to go with coworkers who have varied tastes.
- Layout is a bit chaotic.  They need to label their food better.  I was so confused when I ordered that chicken marsala- how much is a platter, does it come by itself, how many sides do I get.  It was one of those situations where you just order something and hope you didn't order either a) a ton/ too little of food or b) something that is going to cost you a fortune...
- Price is high.  I get that this is Center City.  And I get that they are in an office building where they can command higher prices due to convenience.  But the price is just high.  That is all.
Overall, a decent lunch option for the area.  Really no need to visit unless you work in the building and don't feel like walking far.Wow, I am shocked by the bad reviews this amazing lunch spot has received.  Sure it is a little expensive, but I think it's a good value given the large portions and high quality fresh ingredients.  I work nearby and eat here at least a few times a month for the reasons listed below.
- Great service.  Yes there are lines (because the food is good, but we'll get to that in a minute) but the lines move quickly (in and out in 10) and staff is upbeat and helpful.
- Solid Food.  This is a one stop shop.  You can get coffee, cakes, chocolates, salad, soup, pizza, sandwiches (hot or cold), and something to reheat for dinner (including salmon, crab cakes and chicken/eggplant parmesan).  There are plenty of specialty items available for you to make the perfect gourmet sandwich (roasted red peppers, marinated mushrooms, grilled veggies, fried onions etc.)  There are many premade items, but the staff is happy to modify any of them to fit your needs. Here are a few of my must haves:
  * Spicy Cajun chicken sandwich (I get mine with roasted red peppers, covered in swiss cheese, heated and served on a bed of lettuce with this incredible roasted red pepper mayo) 
  * Eggplant parmesan (much better than mine and cheaper than ordering from an Italian restaurant; why mess with perfection)
  * The homemade chocolates (haystack or nonpareils; it is impossible to eat just one of these mouth watering morsels)
- Corporate Responsibility. Paganos donates left over food at the end of the week to a homeless shelter.  Thank you for supporting our community!I like nothing about this place except to say the service was efficient. The salad bar has very limited options, the pre-made smoothies (groothies) taste horrible and the sandwich options are boring.
The salad bar consists of romain lettuce and spring mix, some tomatoes that were cut way too big for a salad, carrots and some soggy cucumbers. Several pasta options (carbs - no thanks) but no good carbs (like quinoa). No real protein options either except for some mystery chicken/tuna mayo salad. I ended up getting chickpeas for my protein. The dressing options were just bulk dressings and the balsamic vinaigrette It was just pathetic. 
Then I tried their green smoothie - or groothie - with was a kale and apple juice concoction. I like kale, but this didn't taste good. Waste of $6. 
Sandwich options include merely some meat between two pieces of bread or an unappetizing (and boring) veggie option. 
If you have to make a choice between starving, then this could potentially keep you alive until you made it to some good food but you likely won't enjoy it.What a great selection of food! Go Philly go! I had a pastrami with slaw. Huge! Definitely a great lunch spot!I really liked this place when it first opened.  But now since everyone's used to the locale, the owner is getting complacent and greedy.  The salad bar prices are riduclous.  Everything they put out weighs a ton.  Griiled vegetables laden with oil make them 3X normal weight.  A couple slices of grilled eggplant and your at about $6???  Cut down on the salt or your customer base is going to start dwindling.  The food is way over salted or you're adding too much MSG.  The food is basically good and does not require that level of sodium to enhance the flavor.  I am very disappointed at the progressive decline of the quality at this spot.  Nonetheless the place is crowded everyday because of its location and convienence on which the owner is capitalizing.  I do not feel that there is any concern for customers.  Just keep pushing the profit envelope.  Some of the staff do not even know the difference between dijon and spicy brown mustard.  You would think that would be common knowledge for a sandwich maker on the line everyday.  I am trying to avoid going here as much as possible in spite of its convienence.  Sad because there is so much additional potential to this place.Your solid cafeteria style restaurant with all the Italian food staples such as pizza, pasta, and chicken parm.  I have tried a bunch of the sandwiches and the pizza and everything has been good, though no one menu item stands out as being very good.  You can usually get your food very quick and commerce square outside is a good place to sit and eat on nice days.Stop by here in the mornings sometimes before work. I too noticed what another yelper said about the staff being rude. I witnessed a grown male worker degrading another young female worker (probably still a teenager) about her appearance and weight. You could tell the girl was embarrassed and kind of just played it off. Is this the type of culture this place promotes? I felt so bad for her it made my stomach turn. He was completely rude and disrespectful and for that reason I will not be returning. Shame on him.Ok, was working upstairs for the day and my colleagues suggested a quick bite down here. This being Philly, I couldn't pass up a roast pork sandwich. The sandwich was fine but I wasn't asked if I wanted greens on it. So o didn't get any. Would have made the sandwich worthy of four stars I'm sure, but I didn't get any so three it is for the generous pork and good roll.(This review is about the pizza only coming from a 25 year pizza maker) #1-All the pizzas look like they have been sitting there since the night before,some touching others which should never happen,#2-the dough is way too chewy, either it didnt have time to properly rise or it was taken out of the oven before it was fully cooked, #3-they are way too thick, either the dough wasnt stretched properly or its just the wrong amount of dough (too much),#4-sloppy looking pizzas,sauce not spread evenly to an inch from the outside which is the first thing your taught, take an extra 15 seconds and make sure the pizza appearance looks right, If you order slices, take notice how many of the staff handle your slices before you finally get them,(sometimes up to 4 ppl) and the last one has a sharpie marker in his hand then writes what you ordered on the box. then comes the long line to the registers that moves at a snails pace long enough to cool your slices off, and when you finally are about to get to the registers your greeted by a security guard staring at you just in case you decide to jump over the ropes and run out the doorsSalad bar is ok, but the prices are hidden and nothing's labeled, which is dangerous for people with food allergies. A lot of the toppings are weighty so you end up overpaying.
What's not ok is the coffee. WORST. COFFEE. EVER. Stay far away. Even getting Starbucks across the street is a better option, and comparably priced. 
Overall meh. I appreciate that the staff is friendly, though.Worst HH place EVER. I watched a bartender blow her nose TWICE while continuing to serve drinks. Disgusting hygiene and attitude !!When Pagano's opened, there was an understandable buzz around it. A new eating option for the area, and one with a decent reputation, was obviously welcomed.
Since it opened, I've eaten there about 5 times (and there are 3 other times I went in and walked out in disgust because of the terrible service or appearance of the restaurant). And almost every meal I've had there has had a serious flaw.
First off, it's overpriced, but so are most places around here, so whatever. The other day I got a salad from the salad bar, which is $10 a pound (FOR SALAD). And it's just bad. The chicken breast was loaded with salt. The only dressings they had out were Blue Cheese and Raspberry Vinaigrette (not even oil and vinegar, which I usually use on salads). I went with the raspberry and it was disgusting, like dumping rancid pureed raspberries on your food (luckily I got it on the side just in case of that). The salad/hot food bar also looks like it was hit by an artillery shell after about 1pm or so. They take little pride in the appearance of the establishment.
I've had pizza from there a couple of times- always slightly burnt. The sandwiches, if they actually warm them, can be decent if the bread's not too stale. But the only one I would say is even worth getting again is the meatball sandwich.
The cashiers are nice, but the grill guys are mean and impatient even for grill guys. Food nazis are only accepted if they pump out first-class food; these guys do not.
I gave them multiple chances to make food that is acceptable given their high prices, and they refused. So I'm done trying.I just stopped by at 2:30pm for lunch and stood at the counter for 10 minutes, without a single one of the people behind the counter acknowledging me.
I then left & within 2 minutes had a sandwich from Au Bon Pain. 
Horrible customer service.The worst I unfortunately work in the Commerce 1 building. My husband said this place was good back when he worked downtown but I have to disagree from the service , rude manager and last to say the food. 
Never get a Chicken Caesar salad from them. It is just plain lettuce and dried cold chicken breast all for $9.00 I refuse patronize this establishment they are overrated and there is too many other good places to eat from.Came here for Center City Sips and was not impressed. It is basically THE place to go for all underage kids. The crowd was beyond anything I had seen before for Center City Sips and it took an hour to get a drink at the bar. The bartender really skimped on my wine because she was in such a rush. For such a popular Sips location, you would think that they would have more than 3 bartenders. Wouldn't really recommend coming here for Sips, there are much better places to try.Wanting a quick sandwich, I had a choice of Paganos or Wawa. My review in a nutshell, I should have went to Wawa.  
Working in 2001 Market, I really want to love Paganos.  It is literally right downstairs from my office!  Unfortunately, like other reviews have pointed out, it is overpriced and under delivers.
My most recent trip I ordered a flank steak sandwich.  I accepted their offer to heat it up, which apparently means throwing it in the microwave lettuce and all.  For $10, the size of the sandwich is quite small, but I hung my hat on the idea that it might be tasty.  Once back to my office, I found the steak to be a salt lick!
Service at the deli counter is solid.  They are quick to take your order, wrap your stuff, and offer suggestions if needed.  Service at the check-out counter is another story.  They have several registers but none were staffed at the start of the visit.  Not knowing where to line up, I picked one and another customer picked the other.  When someone came to help the other customer, I got behind them.  Of course, they closed right after ringing them up and I was left getting in the back of the register I started at, which had opened in the time it took me to walk to the other one. I was seriously expecting to be bounced back again as I approached since the individual behind the counter looked like they had to run off, but I wasn't about to have someone else close down in front of me!I luv this place. Talk about fresh and always great customer service. They make the best roast beef sandwich in the area.Great place for lunch! I work within walking distance so this is my go to spot for a quick but delicious salad. They even have a full bar instead as well as salad bar, pizza stations, hoagies, etc. 
Prices are a little high, considering I barely had anything and spent $11 on a salad (chicken probably weighed a lot) BUT it's quick, delicious and convenient! 
Best part? No, the bar wasn't the best part....
They have outdoor seating so on a day like today, BEAUTIFUL and 80 degrees - it was a breathe of fresh air (literally) from my windowless office.Zero stars for the worst experience of my life. Or at least I would put zero stars if I could. When seated for their happy hour at a table, I asked for service and the server told me I was not allowed to sit there bc it was a $100 minimum, insinuating it was too expensive for me. As I went to the bar, I was told to move away bc the bar section was reserved although there was no sign. As I tried to order in the non reserved section, the bartender tried to take my ID saying she thought it was fake. I am 29 years old, but she continued to yell at me to go get the police and that she was taking my ID. This establishment has never made me feel so degraded and belittled. I will never go here again.Just had the most incredible Turkey BLT at Paganos for lunch! Great food and always friendly service! Love this place!Pagano's is an awesome location. I work in the same building where Pagano's is located so it is very convenient. The food is incredible and different selections and specials everyday. The pizza is out of this world, especially when you ask for it to be well done. I have attended Happy Hour at the bar which was also enjoyable. The staff is friendly and helpful and the owner, Mr. Pagano can always be seen visible on the floor helping customers. Definitely highly recommended!!!We went there last Saturday night for a special event and although we loved the place and the food was delicous, their bar made is a shady person.  She made us give her a credit card to run a tab which was fine and at the end of the night when she totaled it up it was only $42 so we said we would pay cash.  She said that was fine and my husband gave her a VERY GENEROUS tip on top.  A few days later I check our credit card and I see that she charged our credit card anyway.  I called immediately and was told by Chuck the manager that he had a signed slip.  I asked for a copy of the receipt which he emailed me and I was shocked to see a scribble where a signature should be and told him that was clearly not mine or my husbands signatures.  He said oh well there is nothing I can do.  I said your bar maid stole the money then and said I was putting a dispute in with my credit card co.  He said do what you have to we've had that happen on occasion.  Really so is this not the first time this has happened there.  BE AWARE IF YOU GIVE THEM YOUR CREDIT CARD!!!!!by day, overpriced mediocre food, decent, chill bar between lunch and dinner hours. convenient, as i work two floors above.
by night, loud, shitty auto-tuned music and noisy people. hot bartenders (women) aka terrible place to hang out for any reason other than to stare at the bartenders, unless someone else is paying. and maybe not even then.
if you close your eyes in here it's just a bunch of awful noise, bad scents, and corporate jib jab.This Review is for Sips. The atmosphere is good and they have good drink specials. 
They have a credit card minimum of $20.00; which is higher than I would consider normal; but, not a big deal. After closing out my check and spending well over the minimum, I asked for water. I was told that I need to pay for water because "they only have bottle". (A lie because they have water that comes out of their soda gun)  Since I had already closed out my check, I would need another $20.00 minimum credit card tab since I didn't have cash on me just to get water. To charge for water or not provide water on a 95 degree hot day is just morally wrong.An updated review is necessary. While pagano's may be on the pricier side they have good food. Their made to order breakfast sandwiches are huge and pretty delicious. There is a large variety of stuff to choose from for lunch, and their happy hour appetizers are YUM. Shout out to their amazing cheesesteak egg rolls.
The service is great as well. I'm always greeted by positive and pleasant employeesI go here often because I work in the same building.. The food is terrible and pricey. I asked for slice of buffalo chicken pizza and the guy got mad at me for ordering that because he had run out of it and had to make one just for me. The salad bar is quick but not great. The sandwiches and other stuff is just ok.This review is for Sips! 
Love that it is outdoors but not as packed as Marathon/Chops (Table 31) since there is plenty of room around the water fountain to sit. Service was super quick. Drink assortment is the usual. DJ played some fun throwbacks like "Jumpin Jumpin"...Yonce original wut wut. I'd definitely suggest this place to friends! 
The crowd was your usual sips scene...girls copying outfits off of Pinterest and guys putting on fancier work wear to seem more corporate.I really love Paganos. It is hard to find good service in the city but they really nail it every time. Everyone who works there is very personable and friendly. They seem enthusiastic about taking my order and talk to me like a friend.
I also like coming in for happy hour. There are sometimes good drink specials and there's always cheap bar food. Paganos is the place where everyone in commerce square comes for lunch and sometimes breakfast too.
Lots of love to this place. It's great to have you here in Commerce Square.