I am here almost everyday that it is starting to feel like I live here! Clean and workers are always friendly. Great variety of food for the size of the place and reasonable prices. The food is tasty and they have a good amount of vegetarian options. Their large coffee is $2 and the egg and cheese sandwich is only $1.99. Can't pass that up when you need to budget what you spend. Yes there are many cafes in the area but spending $4-$5 every time I want a cup of coffee on the go becomes expensive. I also like that they have some fresh veggies and fruit for the moments I need something basic and don't feel like walking to the grocery store.Close to home and good to go except for Sundays when I always seem to walk there and forget that they are in fact closed... I'm a big avocado eater and love the one specialty sandwich they make! They also are extremely friendly in all aspects of service I must say! Last but not least they have to-go sushi! mmm yummy ;)This place is rad. It's part Old Nelson (but better), part gourmet grocery store, part tiny market. Way better than Pink Dolphin and the sandwiches are delicious. Really glad to live nearby.Awesome little market. I don't do as much grocery shopping here because some of there stuff is pricey/unqiue. But the deli/breakfast sandwiches are SO fresh and delicious and extremely inexpensive. I can get a great breakfast sandwich on a good bagel for $2.99. Then grab a cup of La Colombe to go. It's great.Cute little spot with a lot of vegan and healthy stuff that isn't insanely over priced. Also, close to work...plus for me!Best corner store in NoLibs.  The proprietors are a friendly bunch, and they've packed an amazing array of goods into a fairly small space.
Their produce is impressive, both in terms of freshness and variety.  You can find virtually any type of chip or beverage (non-alcoholic) your little heart desires, and if you're running low on household necessities (TP, cleaners, etc), you can use the Palm to avoid a trek to the supermarket.
The best feature, however, is the deli.  First, they stock Boar's Head lunchmeat to satisfy your inner hoagie snob.  Second, the deli runs quickly and accurately.  You won't need to call ahead unless it's the absolute heart of the lunchtime rush, and you'll be getting the correct combination of fixin's (they could stand to go heavier on the vinegar though).
Two drawbacks:  Closed on Sunday (they're religious but not proselytizers) so you have to go somewhere else when you've finally recovered enough to eat something at 3 PM . . . and the prices for packaged products are a little high.  
If you use the Palm as a deli and to fill in gaps between Supermarket trips, you're going to be a regular, just remember that  you're going to feel orphaned on Sundays.  Oh well.The Palm Tree is more than just a local market. With a great staff and premium meats, it is a top deli and sandwich shop first and foremost! While you may pay more for cereal and other grocery items, the deli is reasonably priced and absolutely amazing. The veggie options are extensive, as are the bread and sandwich options!Like Wawa, but with much better food and an ATM that costs money. Just had a vegetarian chicken hoagie from Palm Tree Market and it was way good.Palm Tree has become one of my favorite places for lunch. The sandwiches are always packed with fresh cut lunch meat, fresh vegetables & bread. And the best part is they DELIVER in the neighborhood. There always super nice on the phone & delivery is quick. For $8 i get a packed sandwhich, chips & a drink delivered. I highly recommend them.Wonderful corner store in the heart of NoLibs.  Bright, clean environment with cheerful staff and a higher-than-average range of products.
Coworkers and I order from the deli at least once a week, and the delivery guy is a sweetheart who doesn't fret about the cantankerous elevator in my building.  Their hot sandwiches are cheap but amazingly delicious (oh rosemary bread, how addictive you are) and made with fresh ingredients (real avocado without that sitting-out-brown colour!).
They have minorly messed up our delivery order a couple of times... however, that's been few and far between.This place has everything.. I went there for the first time to pick up random ingredients for dinner one night on the way home from work. I walked in with wishful thinking and they ended up having everything I needed. I browsed around to see they had A LOT of awesome food, and now return quite often on my breaks from work.Lots of 4 star reviews lately, I know.  (as if people are really following along!)  But it's hard to get inspired by a mediocre experience.  A really bad experience will get me all fired up, but it takes a lot to disturb me.  Anyway, where in the heck was I going with this??
Oh yes, the Palm  ...a great convenient gourmet mash-up of a place for sure.  They have a little bit of everything, in a good way.  Metropolitan bread, great salads & sandwiches, edible sushi from down the street & plenty of veggie/vegan options in the ready-made and frozen cases.  It's perfect for the Nolibbing, disposable income resident. And anyone who wants a decent lunch to be honest.Great service; great sandwhichs. Only thing missing is no fresh meat -- like ground beef or chicken. Plenty of boar's head deli meat.as far as neighborhood corner stores goes i think this one is superb. they are serious about healthy food, offer a wide variety or sandwiche choices and salads all made with the freshest of ingredients. the multigrain bread they use is so soft it melts in your mouth! their prices are resonable, the coffe always hot and fresh, the assortment of produce and dry goods extensive and unique. Thank goodness this place is on my way to work! 
They have a $5 credit card minimum on purhcases so keep that in mind.When I lived in Northern Liberties, I loved going to the spring garden Asian grocery store for my groceries. However, sometimes Palm Tree would be my destination, especially if you need something later in the night! They are open kinda late, which is awesome. 
I absolutely love their sandwiches, especially the veggie cheesesteak. It's not Govinda's, but it's still really damn good. Sometimes I would come here just for this sandwich. Also got one of their salads once and it was super fresh and no wilty-ness at all!
Their produce is good too, but just kind of expensive. They have a lot of veggie friendly items and just about everything you need for a tasty hearty mealgreat little store...great veggie hoagie...plenty of gossip mags to keep the missus happy on a friday night. 
But c'mon palm tree...open on a bloody sunday will ya...I mean why not pay a non christian to run it on a sunday for ya????
Would've given 5 stars but sunday closing is a no no....now all im left with on a sunday is the subpar fooderyMy go to neighborhood market. They got my sandwich wrong once and never did it again. Learning from mistakes is key! Such a wide selection of chips, drinks, sandwiches, and snacks- yum. They also have a ton of vegan snacks for my picky eater friends.Good but I wouldn't classify this as $ it's definitely $$ and some may argue $$$. People are nice. Cash under 20$ is annoying but they have a MAC machine. Yes I said MAC machine bc that's what you say in F-tizzy, it's all about that throwback.This place is SO convenient. They're loaded with healthy snacks, vegan goods, fresh produce, unique bottled drinks, and a bunch of cheap made to order sandwiches and salads. I have yet to try any of their sandwiches but the veggie panini is on my to do list. They also have to little tables for two by the window as well. This place meets all of your needs and I really appreciate the prices for their sandwiches being so low.This place exceeds the typical notion of a neighborhood market. They have tons of stuff, including a produce area that's always stocked with fresh stuff. Lots of heathly/different food options (only place I can find spelt crackers). Besides all the goods, their deli is fantastic ! Really great sandwiches and always fresh meats/veggies. Oh, and their staff is incredibely friendly. Love this place.The best sandwiches - big, great bread, fresh ingredients, fair price. Can't beat it. Plus they have all the essentials of a grocery store if you need to pick up anything last minute.Great convenience store with early/late hours. A little pricey however that's what you'd usually expect. The deli is very reasonable with a basic egg and cheese breakfast sandwich costing $2. Can't beat that as you wait 40 mins next store at Green Eggs for $12 entrees. The store offers a wide range of gluten free options as well, including their deli which offers bohrs head meat. They recently took out table and chairs to eat as I guest they had some people from green eggs waiting inside.I know I've been giving out a lot of 5 star reviews lately, which normally isn't my style, but I guess I've been making some good decisions the past few weeks. Palm Tree Market is one of the few lunch options we have at my office, so we go there quite often.
I've gotten a ton of different sandwiches there, and each time have been happy with them. The special sandwich with turkey and apples is great, the chicken salad is tasty and fresh and the standard hoagies are also delicious. The market offers a ton of different choices for lunch on the go, and also sells a good assortment of groceries.
The staff is friendly and the service is extremely quick. Not only that, but the prices are very reasonable. While I wouldn't go grocery shopping there (it isn't awfully overpriced but isn't ShopRite level either), the sandwiches are mostly 5 bucks and under. Get some fancy, specialty one and it still is under $7. Not too shabby!Turkey Club on multi grain bread with honey mustard and cheddar is the bomb!!! I haven't really had anything else from here but that . They are open from 7am -  11pm too except Sunday .  I would guess their other deli items are just as good.I haven't found a better corner grocery store/deli anywhere. The staff is friendly and make wonderful sandwiches. They have healthy, fresh ingredients, and most things are reasonably priced. The soups I've tried are delicious.
Any produce I've bought has been ripe and ready. I love stopping by for a bowl of cold, cubed watermelon.
Even regular grocery items are cheaper here than at a Rite-Aid or what have you. They do have a $5 limit to use credit/debit cards.The Palm Tree Market is one of those sleeper places in your neighborhood that  just make life better. 
This little spot has everything you could need ... laundry soap, cat food, fresh mangoes ...
... And the very best Italian Hoagie you will ever eat. Amazing bread, sharp provolone, Boar's Head cold cuts, amazing! Accompanied by a giant dill pickle, this is pretty much the ideal lunch. 
A good variety of salads, veggie choices, prepared foods and produce combined with great prices means that I don't go anywhere else for groceries. They also have fresh bagels and white fish spread, yummy.
The staff are super nice too. 
So glad I live around the corner.Clean, friendly, fast. Yes, some items are overpriced, but you can't beat it for the convenience and the option to find healthy snacks. Can't go wrong!Stopped in for some snacks, but once we saw the menu we left with 4 reubens and a corn beef special. Not being able to get them where live, we could not resist.  Sandwiches were average in size and very reasonably priced. And they were very good!  Even had gluten free breads which we are. Would go back.My life was changed today. I had the most delicious sandwich ever. Chicken hummus. I highly recommend it. I love the variety of snacks they sell as well. Try it out!Not being from Philly, I normally wouldn't venture in here, But its right  next door to one of my Favorite Brunch spots. My brunch buddy wanted to go in, she frequents in here . We walked in, I was SO amazed!!!! It had alot of things, own deli, made to order salads, sandwiches, etc.. I perused around , found some gourmet rosemary flat-bread -would pair good for my get together last week. Ended getting this gelato as well.They have fresh produce to frozen section .I was quite impressed with selection & not typical run of mill items. The help were very attentive, the place was clean and organized. If I lived in the area, this would be one would frequent, without a doubt!!! Great little place!!!The staff is friendly, they are very helpful, and always have time to answer your questions, however based on the food its pretty bland. So I really only eat here when I'm hungry and don't have time to go anywhere else b/c I work in the area.I love this place! They always have fresh produce, great deli and plenty of vegan options (house made vegan chicken salad is amazing). The staff is super friendly and keep the place very clean.oh, palm tree.... how i love you...  
sure it is a little pricey... but there is seriously just about anything and everything that you need and then some somehow packed into a small store and it doesn't seem cluttered.  how is it possible? 
their sandwiches are pure art.  seriously.  delicious.  i usually get the veggie hoagie and when i unravel the paper it looks so good i don't want to eat it... but then i do and it is delicious.  so many other sandwich places just throw the food haphazardly onto the bread into overflowing layers of messiness...  not palm tree.  clean and simple and well thought out.  they take pride in their store, the cleanliness and the freshness.... it is very much appreciated by this patron.  
been going here for years and have not once been disappointed.  the staff is always super friendly and the b101 music tends to put a little 1980's love song worm in my ear.  :)Came here after visiting Soy Cafe, came to get a sandwich to take home with me, using my atm card that i couldnt use at soy cafe.  I ordered the Vegetarian Chicken Salad sandwich, i just ate half, very tasty but i have to say it couldve had just a lil bit more of the chicken in the sandwich.  I will eat the rest tomorrow.  My sis ordered a veggie burger, i will ask her how it was when i talk to her again.  I did like the menu, alot to chose from. Alot of good stuff in the convenience store also...typical groceries, vegetarian/vegan food, produce, variety of drinks, snacks, etc. Friendly staff! And wish they had more than just the 2 small tables in the front of the store.I cannot say enough about this place.  Always open, great deli and have all the necessities.  Great people, great food and even deliver.  What more can you ask? My gf and I go there religiously whenever we need anything (except wine and beer, as they do not sell those).  
all in all, 6 stars over 5. they are awesomePalm has everything I need, and I'm fortunate enough to live less than a block away.
Feelin like some guacamole tonight? Maybe some homemade marsala sauce or creamy tomato soup? No sweat, they have all the fresh ingredients daily.  Or maybe just craving some green tea mochi.  Yea, they have it (except maybe cilantro, but that's ok!)
I also buy my coffee and breakfast sandwich here almost religiously.
I grew up in North NJ so I'm a bagel critic as well -- the bagels at Palm are actually not bad for having been made locally.  It doesn't have the quality as the ones back home but they're great for sandwiches and are never too dry or tasteless.
Service at the sandwich counter is fast too - plus you can eat in if you aren't in a rush!
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because their prices tend to be a bit high - but something one should expect when looking higher quality and greater selection of products in a convenience store.Oh Palm Tree Market--you never let me down!!  Walking inside this convenience store makes me happy--they have all the brands you need--Kraft, Campbells, Prego--what more could urban dwellers need?
Fresh produce, a deli, pre-made salads, it's just the best...and only a few blocks away.  This is awesome.Why haven't I been a regular here before? That has now changed! They have such a great selection of produce, the fruit is fresh and delicious, the deli sandwiches are the perfect size, mulit-grain bread soooo soft!  I forgot how much they actually have in there.  Every single person is pleasant and friendly.  Sorry it took me so long to get on board, Palm!This place KNOCKS MY SOCKS OFF.
You walk by and at first glance it may seem like any other city market/deli - average selection and overpriced. IT IS NOT - I urge you to go in and check it out.
First of all, the people here are so nice. And somehow, they have EVERYTHING. Not only are their sandwiches some of the best I've ever experienced in my life, anytime I find myself needing or craving anything - they have it. For example, a few weeks ago I was sick and wanted some ginger for my throat - called them and they not only were stocked with fresh ginger but also cough and cold medicine. My favorite Pistachio Talenti? Check. La Croix flavors I didn't even know existed? Check. Regular hot fresh brewed coffee? Check. The list goes on.
The service is soooo nice and kind and friendly. And now let me get back to the sandwiches. THE SANDWICHES ARE HEAVEN. They incorporate pesto, sun-dried tomato, and a variety of other subtle but incredible spreads and spices and they just taste better than any sandwich I've ever experienced. And they are usually $5-6 max. I come here WAYYYYY too often. 
Long story short - BEST MARKET EVER. I will continue to live here (3-4 times a week, no joke).The selection for such a small deli and grocery is really quite stellar. You can get tofu, fresh produce, magazines, donuts, and amazing yummy made to order sandwiches. They offer several of the veggie variety- veg cheesesteak, chicken salad, etc. They also have avocado as an topping offering, which is always a plus one in my book. Quality stuff here kids, and now they've opened several more around the city.This is a pretty typical market containing almost everything your heart might desire. The produce selection is less-than-stellar (i.e. watery tomatoes and iceberg lettuce) and completely run of the mill and shipped from who-knows-where. However, this is the easiest place to get a loaf of bread, a pint of cream and toothpaste. For higher quality produce and cheese, and a lot of locally grown items, try instead Almanac Market at 4th and Poplar.
Sandwiches at the Palm are pretty good, and it's nice that they make their own vegan chicken and tuna salads. The only bad part about the extensive deli operation is that the store always has this funky unidentifiable smell when you walk in.
In addition to making sandwiches, the Palm also sells Metropolitan loaves, and the best deal ever is day-old (and half-price) bread. Beware the fancy chocolates, for sometimes they go stale and are not as tasty as you might wish.
If only they were open on Sundays, the Palm would get 5 stars.#12 .. cream cheese, honey mustard, cucumber and turkey on sour dough bread. OMG
the staff here is really nice and super quick as well. two thumbs up.Small boutique grocery store with great selection of high quality stuff.  Yes, the prices are pretty high.  Many things you can get for cheaper elsewhere.  Sometimes it's more convenient to just get them here.  I think the deli is very good.  Good hoagies and sandwiches of all sorts, including the vegan stuff.I never write reviews but I love this place! The staff is really friendly and the food is always fresh and yummy. I work down the street so I go here at least once a week and never get tired of it. mmmmLove it here! Everything is always so fresh and they have amazing specialty sandwiches. I forget what it's called but I am obsessed with the sandwich that has hummus chicken cucumbers etc etc on it. Also, they have tons of different flavor chips. I never know what to get when I'm there.The $5 minimum for credit cards is pretty annoying, but the hoagies are pretty good and you can't beat the $3 breakfast sandwiches. Some of the stuff in the market can be a bit pricey and other stuff priced comparable to larger grocery stores. They have an interesting selection of munchies, things you don't really see in a chain storebest little market in the hood! all the employees are so sweet. they make some fab sandwiches and salads at the deli. and the breakfast sandwiches are perfect and cheap. they carry alot of my favorite grocery brands. a bit pricey, but what you expect from a small city market. i love Palm Tree!Back when I relied on Septa I was a frequent visitor to the Palm.  It's a really handy place in the neighborhood with a great selection of high end drinks and snacks, and great hoagies.  Now that I left Septa back with my early 20s, I find I rarely go anymore.  The great food and selection doesn't make up for the exorbitant prices.  I get that it's a convenience store with great stuff in the middle of NoLibs, but it's not worth it to me.Love this place.  Great salads, sandwiches, and even sushi.  Super friendly staff.  Perfect convenient neighborhood market.Got a new job in the Northern Liberties area. I go to Palm tree at least 4 days a week. Palm Tree is a tidy shop with groceries and they also make some great sandwiches! Great spot to get a quick lunch for a good price. I have been going there for the past 2 months and haven't had one bad experience yet. Friendly and helpful staff too!Nice market to grab a quick bite. Stopped in around 1pm for a quick lunch on a saturday afternoon. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with avovado, tomatoes, and honey mustard on focaccia bread. Tasted great. Reasonably priced. Quick service.This is one of my favorite lunch spots. It's conveniently located on 2nd Street, so it's a nice walk when the weather is decent. Palm Tree carries lots of groceries and produce. The prices for these items are higher than the SuperFresh down the street, but they're a small place so it's understandable.
The staff is very courteous and friendly. They remember a lot of guests by name and often even remember what their favorite orders are. 
My favorite things there are the Palm Tree Salad (cucumber, grape tomato, roasted red pepper, artichoke heart, etc. and you can have avocado and chicken added) and a whole wheat wrap with turkey, tomato, avocado, and just a little bit of honey mustard. If you have a favorite that isn't on the menu, just ask. They're very accommodating and will try to make it for you. 
During the fall and winter, they bring in the most amazing soups. I'm a fan of their White Bean Escarole and the Chicken and Dumpling soups.What a great little market..I've been going there since 06, almost a guaranteed stop on the way home - like a magnet just pulls me in and makes me park.  They actually deliver too!..Good coffee, great sandwiches and sushi - Boar's head cold cuts, good sundries and dry goods too - selected asian foods and vegetarian choices also.  A staple in my travels!I love this place.  The staff is SO friendly and welcoming.  The food is great- fresh ingredients, creative sandwiches, and reasonably priced.  They pretty much have everything so if I forget anything at the grocery store I can usually find it here.I wish this place was in my neighborhood. They are an excellent neighborhood store with tons of vegan options.  A++Great addition to the neighborhood, with great food, would update to five stars; however, I cant get over minimums for credit card purchases in this day in age. 
That said great food, nice people, and ample selection for a smaller market.This place makes good sandwiches and they're reasonably priced. I get the number 15 a lot (turkey, swiss, coleslaw, bacon, thousand island on rye) and sometimes get a hot pressed sandwich. I've always been happy with these sandwiches, and they charge the same price for a sandwich on a hoagie roll, which means more calories for less money, you fat sh%t. 
Always ask about the chicken and tuna salad - they will tell you honestly the day on which it was made. I won't try to impose my standards of freshness or recall on you, but my rule of thumb is if I can't remember what I did that day, I take a pass.
They sell groceries too, pretty standard, obviously over-priced because it's not the supermarket. The coffee's good, and the little breakfast sandwiches are standard but fine.
I don't eat egg salad but my roommate says it's good.We just moved to Northern Liberties, and Palm Tree Market is just down the street.  They don't sell cork screws but the guy at the front counter told us we could fashion one out of a penny.  He offered to make it for us, but we passed on his proposal. 
They have a great selection for a small market, organics, freezer foods, full deli with Boars Head.  We tried the Chicken Salad Club and Turkey Club Sandwich.  These guys know how to make a GREAT sandwich.
An avid consumer of artisan coffee, I can also say that their coffee is good. This is a huge plus in an area where many of the stores and restaurants are cash only.  Palm Tree Market takes credit / debit cards with a $5 minimum.  
I've been here 4 times now - the store is always clean, bright and stocked.  The staff is always smiling.  If you're headed in here for a sandwich at lunchtime, you might be in for 10 minute wait.  It's worth it.i love how fresh the food is and the delivery service is fast and the staff are very polite..the atmosphere is inviting , neat and clean.I was starved for lunch and stuck in Northern Liberties. I wanted a quick sandwich to go and soon found my favorite market.
This place is so cute and also clean and friendly. They sell organic products, healthy food and Soy milk as well as all the other normal deli fare. They make their own egg salad, chicken salad and potato salad and you can get any of their sandwiches on gourmet Metropolitan bread, onion rolls and other interesting slices.
They have tables in the sun where you can read one of the magazines you bought (they have all the good new ones like US, Vogue, etc.) and snack on your Kinder dessert. That's right, this market also sells European chocolates and candy!This place is highly overated. I'm sorry, they get A for effort but that's about it. Everything in there is over priced, especially when the same products can be found relatively cheaper in the surrounding neighborhood markets. I ordered a Caesar wrap and was amazed at how small it was, more wrap than ceasar, so maybe what it lacked in size it would make up for in taste. Sad to say it didn't. All in all this place is a last resort. If you have no other options you go here. I could name plenty of places within a half mile radius that have better quality and are less expensive.I have never eaten at Palm Tree Market (I will have to change that) but I have purchased groceries from them many times and have always been happy with the selection and service.  
It's a small shop that carries a lot of whole, unadulterated foods, just the way I like it as it is perfect for preparing meals from scratch.  They do also have handy snacks that are ready to eat or drink.  This place is definitely worthy.Everything here is PRICEY. An example: oranges, $1 each. Packaged foods also are overpriced, albeit not as much as produce items.  
The sandwiches are the only thing you can get here for reasonable price, and fortunately they happen to be delicious. If there's anything I buy from here consistently, it's the sandwiches. 
Side note, did you know that spring garden market carries many of the higher-end packaged stuff that you can find here, for much much less? They have organic coconut oil, sonny & joe hummus, bonne maman jam, and Newman-O's, to name just a few. It's a good thing to know.I love Palm Tree Market! This is more of a grocery store with a deli for carryout sandwiches. This is my go-to place for carryout sandwiches. Sandwich prices can't be beat (I love the chicken salad on a wrap, or many of their paninis). Breakfast sandwich for $2.99, YUM! This is also a great place to stop by to grab a couple potatoes or an onion etc rather than having to go to a grocery store - AND I have found their produce and fruit prices to be cheaper than Acme. What!! Occasionally they have good grocery deals - like Yogi tea, 2 for $7, or a bag of La Colombe coffee for $7.99. They have a coffee station as well if you need to grab coffee and a breakfast sandwich to go in the morning. It's a deal, and a quick shout out to the friendly guys making the delicious sandwiches - they are awesome.Great Deli. All fresh Boar's Head meats. I usually get the turkey club hoagie or corned beef Ruben. Prices for the deli are very reasonable, but everything else is pricey. Friendly staff make the sandwiches quickly every time.This review is solely on their breakfast sandwich. The egg was not freshly made and the meat didn't seem fresh at all. I'd rather go to 3J down the street for breakfast sandwiches for now onGREAT mini market and deli.  Super clean, well stocked, and friendly staff.  They carry things you didn't even realize that you need or that you wouldn't expect from a "corner store" (my personal favorite: a whole, long row in the freezer section of MorningStar Farms goodies).  Also have an impressive display of fresh fruits and vegetables for sale and basic home goods (spices, cleaning supplies, etc.).Great one-stop shop for quick grocery items as well as a quick sandwich or salad.We got hoagies from this spot. Great rolls, meats and cheeses. I had the veggie chicken salad and it was wonderful. Very efficient and the store has anything you could need. No place to sit and eat here much like a typical deliThe bad: sometimes there is a bit of an attitude from two of the regular employees. This is not very offten but when your there almost everyday you pick up when somebody is pissed.
Also the prices are a bit high, but the quality is there so I can deal.
Otherwise...the guys behind the sandwich counter are effen great. Friendly, quick and they make a mean hummus and chicken wrap. The sandwiches and wraps blow Wawa out of the water and is my lunch spot at least 3 our of 5 days a week. The rest of place has nice selectons  of F+V along with some of my favorites like cliff bars and green tea.I hate to admit it but I eat here almost every day.  They veggie cheesesteak is AWESOME and I'm not a vegetarian.
Excellent Deli, good food and products, friendly staff.  
Stop in, it's worth a try.Love this place. They're very friendly and they carry many high quality, organic and natural products. I also have never been disappointed with the fresh food ordered at the deli counter.
They are a little more expensive than a chain/grocery store, but I'd rather give my money to a small business in the neighborhood.Yes, yes, yes! I love this place for a quick Sandwich to Go. They have a nice vegan options which I appreciate. I recommend a vegan burger for the portobello mushroom sandwich.Don't know what happened to this place which I used to like a lot. We stopped in for lunch and got the grilled chicken sandwich with avocado tomato and honey mustard and the grilled chicken salad. The chicken was awful. It was identical to lean cuisine chicken. Fake chicken. Awful.The sandwiches are good but they don't use a lot of meat kind of cheap with the ingredients. Good variety of products for a small store. The reason I am giving it two stars is because the prices are obnoxious. i'll spend $10+ buying a coffee a cookie and and apple. Everything is overpriced it pisses me off ..if they weren't so obnoxious with the prices I would rate this place four or five stars I know a lot of people that stop shopping here because of that.Great little market to buy most essentials you may need. They also make pretty good sandwiches and have a large variety of deli meats and cheeses. It is a little pricey, but mostly due to the grab and go convenience.The sandwiches here are definitely above average. I'm not one to get excited over cold cuts but I keep coming back here because the food is good, the prices are great, and there's parking right outside (most of the time). I like that you can get things like hummus and avocado on your sandwich if you want, and even their more basic sandwiches have great flavor and adequate spreads for my taste. They have a great selection of chips too.
The staff is friendly and always seem to be in good spirits. They don't make you wait a long time for your order, and it's very easy to ask for your food how you like it (no cucumbers, for example). Each sandwich comes neatly wrapped in paper and cut in half, tucked inside a plastic take out container. I have not tried the hoagies. Their breakfast sandwiches are just okay.
The store also carries some fresh produce and staple grocery/convenience items. They carry a lot of of healthy snack food too, and things you might not expect at larger grocery chains. 
Overall, a great little place to stop in for lunch. Convenient, with tasty food and good value. I will continue to visit.*This review is only for their deli, not the grocery section*
NoLibs doesn't have a lot of deli's in the 'hood, but this one is my GO-TO for lunch (and sometimes breakfast).  They make everything fresh and are fully customizable for whatever you want.  They have a plethora of vegetarian options, including seitan/tofu style burgers and sandwiches.  I like that they try different and unique things...while most of their veggie "fake-meat" stuff is a hit, some of it is a miss, but I'm glad they're experimenting and providing a variety of options for a diverse customer-base.
The market is always clean and the people here are extremely friendly / nice / patient every time I walk in.  The layout is a bit unique, but I guess they work with the space they have.  They have a random assortment of market items, from gluten-free to healthy snacks, to your normal chips and cookies, and other grocery items.
A great place and now that I'm writing this review, thinking about going there soon for lunch...This is  a good choice for lunch. Don't do wawa, go to The Palm. You'll be so glad you did.
Awesome selection of drinks, chips, deserts, and they make all of the sandwiches and salads to order - everything is high quality and fresh. Good and interesting ingredients.
This place is so successful because  they do it so well. Friendly staff, quick service, lots to choose from. They have several locations in the city - at least 3 that I know of.Panini bread is supposed to be grilled and crispy on the outside... It could use a lot longer on the grill most disappointing part about the meal.
Ordered a grilled chicken panini and a barbecue chicken panini after looking over the menu. The prices are reasonable. The Panini flavor was okay. The barbecue chicken is actually deli meat which should be stated in the menu definitely wanted a chicken breast.