The food was average and cold. It was really disappointing to get both the sandwich and fries basically lukewarm at best. And it wasn't just my food but others as well. The service also was rather frustrating. I would not recommend this place to friends or family. Or at least not as a sit-down expWorst service in center city. After ordering the salmon, instead fo the ordered vegetables, they served uncooked peas and carrots. When we notified them that that wasn't our order, they were extremely rude and gave pushback regarding the change of vegetable order. Additionally, they forgot to give the provided rice and when asked, they insisted that we show them ON THEIR OWN MENU where it says the rice comes with the dish. Cherry on top; the salmon was extremely undercooked from the middle and had a gamey, terrible taste. We returned it right away, still charged for it. Terrible service, manipulative, and poor knowledge of their own menu.The food is amazing, it's been so long since I have been able to find Iskender.  The kebab skewer of meet is authentic and not processed, beautiful!  Mehmet's hospitality made me feel Luke I was in a Turkish friend's home.  Everything tasted authentic and the decor was perfect.   A must go to restaurant!Delicious and authentic middle eastern food! Will definitely be going back. Our server Mehmet was great!Amazing, authentic Turkish food! I go to Turkey every year and this restaurant is hands down the best place to go for Turkish food in Philly. The mezze, lamb sish, and mixed grill we ordered was spectacular. The meat was juicy and flavorful. The fresh künefe and baklava do not disappoint if you're a sweets lover like me! The staff was very hospitable and attentive and the service was quick. The eating area is spacious and has a nice ambience. All very reasonably priced as well. The çığ köfte, lahmacun, and manti are all must tries! I can't find it done this way anywhere else in the area. Just like Turkey!! In loveSuch a great experience! If you haven't tried Turkish food yet, you should definitely come by this spot! It's ran by new management and they've made beautiful upgrades to the location. The waiter was also great! He was really funny and kind. The food was so flavorful and really fills you up. I ordered the lamb shish which comes with salad, yogurt, and bulgar, which is a type of pilaf made from wheat. I'm definitely coming back :) Good for halal eaters!Grabbed a bite to eat today and was absolutely delish! The red lentil soup is amazing! The setting is nice and comfortable too. Will definitely be back!I lived in Ankara in 69-70 - graduated from HS there. Since then Good Turkish food has been hard to find. There have been several restaurants in Philly that advertised Turkish food - but didn't really have any on the menu. This place offers the real thing! I had the İskender kebab - and it was excellent! This is close to being the Turkish national dish - yet I've rarely found it here - and even more rarely has it been made correctly. This was the real deal. The staff are friendly and are either Turkish - or at least speak Turkish fluently. I finished up with Kazandibi (a sort of custard) and a cup of excellent Turkish coffee - çok şekerli (very sweet). Kesinlikle oraya tekrar gideceğim (I will certainly return)! Just a tip - the correct way to drink Turkish coffee is to let it cool enough that you can drink it down in one gulp - followed quickly by some cold water. Otherwise there is a bitter aftertaste that is disagreeable to some. Hoş geldiniz Paprika!This food is really really good. I don't know what else to say. They use fresh produce. The meat is cooked perfectly. They make all of my favorite mediterranean food--mezze, falafel, kafta etc. Just eat here. It's really good.The strip center will bring doubt but once inside the place is refurbished and spacious.  
The waitress told us they were caught off guard by the steady traffic coming through the door.  Understandably why, the food here is very good. A real homemade touch to everything.  Recommend pretty much any of the pasta selections and chicken parm was fantasticPaprica recently opened up in the same spot that another Turkish restaurant used to occupy. Have to say that we were very happy with the quality, presentation, and quantity of everything we ordered. We got the hummus appetizer, missed kebab combo, and lahmajun, which were all great. The bread in particular was soft and fluffy for the hummus, and the kebabs were juicy and flavorful. The restaurant is still learning as they're new, and we look forward to come back again soon!Excellent and authentic! Fresh and home made! Def recommend for any lover of medeterrenian/Turkish cuisine!This my Best Halal Resturant in town... Welcoming place, very friendly and helpful staff. The owners are always around to make sure everything is on track.
Delicious Turkish Homemade FOOD style.
Try their Turkish tea 
I rate Cleanness is : 100%.
I Highly recommend Paprica for Friends & Family.Just stumbled upon this for lunch. The restaurant was very sleek and new and clean and the staff was very friendly and welcoming. The food was delicious. We were given a complimentary plate of bread with a tomato tapenade. The bread was freshly baked and warm and the tomato spread was so good. I ordered the doner burger and the shaved steak/lamb was so tender and the flavors with the burger toppings worked so well together. It came with fries sprinkled with paprika and even those were perfect. It was a deceptively large amount of food too and for only $11 it was a great deal! All around great experience will definitely be back!The food and service were both exceptional. We ordered a Greek salad, a chicken kabob wrap, a lamb kabob sandwich and a lamb wrap. They came out quickly and were delicious. The appetizer of ezme was nice and spicy. The place looks newly renovated and the waiter told me that they have had the new owners for 7 months. We came after being tired of walking and were pleasantly surprised. We will come again!Wonderful discovery. Dumplings and chicken wrap (new additions) were outstanding. Diner/gyro also.Such a great experience! We had the Doner platter  and Adana platter - one of the best grilled platters we have had in a while. Want to try everything on their menu! - only wish they grilled their tomatoes and peppers as well. It would've made the whole experience even better. Definitely coming back again!We stumbled upon this place on a Friday night after a show. They're BYO so next time I'll bring some wine. I'd never had Turkish food, but the staff were friendly and were eager to explain the unfamiliar dishes. Everything was awesome. They served balloon bread when we order and that was the stuff of angels. We had the Turkish sausage app and we had lamb and doner entrees. All amazing. Even at 10:30, they welcomed us to hang out and offered us Turkish tea. We'll definitely be back.Authentic and delicious Turkish dishes! We went for a late lunch after we stumbled upon the place, and were very satisfied. We had the shepherd salad, cheese rolls (sigara borek), spicy spread (acili ezme), the beef/lamb Adana platter and Iskender Kebap. All were delicious and portions were plentiful. Would highly recommend and will definitely go back!Service and atmosphere excellent.  The salads we ordered were the best we have ever had....Greek salad and caesar with chicken.Thats an amazing restaurant i live in Turkey but i havent eaten turkish food like that in there its one of the best restaurant in philedelphia for sureBest Turkish restaurant we have come across in Philadelphia. Not only is the meat platter exquisitely done presentation and all, they serve a wide variety of Turkish dishes. Delicious lehmachoon, Pide, & manti! Reasonably priced, nice atmosphere, good service, best of all authentic & divine food!!! Would highly recommend to anyone!Came here for the first time with my parents and everything was sooooo delicious! Ordered a Turkish pizza and Iskender donor, as well as apple tea and qanafa. Qanafa was cooked to perfection and tasted delicious with the ice cream on top. 
Service was excellent and waiter was very attentive! 
Would highly recommend if you're in downtown Philly and want to eat some delicious Turkish food!!If you want a loaded wrap or gyro, keep it moving. Light on meat. Fresh Greek salad: Just the right size. only 4... count em 1,2,3,4 small kalamata olives in the salad. Babaganoush was good. Delivered without bread. BYOB. 3 other tables occupied for lunch, service slow. 2stars for atmosphere and freshnessGreat Turkish food! The first authentic Döner (I've tried) in Philly! The food is fresh and the meat quality is amazing!! Nothing like the frozen ground-meat gyro you get at other places. Pide is also very fresh and tasty.We stumbled upon this little gem of a restaurant an hour before closing. The staff was delighted to see us  . When we confessed that we'd never had Turkish food before, our waiter patiently guided us to choose something we would each like: steak for my husband, chicken for me, salmon for one daughter, and a chicken Caesar salad for my youngest teen. We munched on bread with butter, cheese and walnuts along with a cheese roll while awaiting our meal. The food exceeded our expectations. Throughout the meal, the waiter educated us on The various regions of his home country from which our food was taken. Our meal ended with baklava and Turkish delight. Our waiter treated us to this Turkish coffee that we could neither touch nor taste. It was a warm ending to a delightful meal. Best of all, some VIP Athletes of Turkish descent were dining at a nearby table. Names are being withheld to give them their privacy.This was a hidden gem! It was very fresh food and reasonably priced. The staff here was also very friendly and when we told them it was someone in our party's birthday, they sang happy birthday and gave us a free dessert! I will be back here for sure!! The food was amazing.I was walking through the area and kind of stumbled on this place. The food is amazing, I had the Adana kebab wrap, and the quality of meat, bread and sauces was great; its really flavorfull and I've paid double for Turkish food that doesn't come near to this. The seating was comfortable, clean and modern. Will definitely return!Amazing the owner was very patient and explaining the menu to me I loved it I'll be coming back. I work around the corner.A truly authentic Turkish restaurant. After you are sat they bring you delicious homemade bread (pide). We had the rolled grape leaves (sarma) and Turkish sausage (sucuk) to start. It was a good start to the rest of our meal. My company had the beef kebab and I had the beef kofte kebab. The flavors were impeccable. It is hard to find Turkish food like this in the area. We had Turkish tea to accompany our meal which set the aesthetic. To finish we had kunefe which takes about 10 minutes to prepare so beware of that when ordering. It was the perfect way to end the meal. The hospitality and food were 5/5. Can't wait to come back.FANTASTIC FOOD. KABAB ADENA IS SOO GOOD. If you want real middle eastern food you have to come here. Excellent price and the workers are very hard working. Thank you for the fantastic experience. I will be back!Came in with some family and friends to break our fast during the month of Ramadan. We had made a reservation earlier in the day, and we were seated promptly after arriving. 
The restaurant was decently busy, but the waiter made sure to have some small food items such as dates to break our fast. Some members of our party were taking a bit long to arrive, but our waiter was patient and still took the orders of those who were sitting.
I placed an order for the 'Doner Iskender.' As we waited for our orders to be prepped, we were served water and fresh bread. 
When our food came out, portions were good and the presentation was great. My food was extremely tasty and was close to the real form of the dish I had tried in Turkey. Additionally, bathrooms were very clean and tidy. 
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for tasty and decently priced Turkish food in the greater Philadelphia area. Already have this place another try.Recently renovated & under new ownership/management we found this little gem of a restaurant to be a very convenient place to eat before going to see a show at Walnut Street Theater. Our server was Turkish, very friendly and attentive. We all ordered the shish kebab platters though with different meats. All were beautifully presented in planks and delicious with the yogurt sauce. The apple Tea reminded us of our trip to Turkey. Both the pistachio & walnut  baklava desserts were warm and dipped just right in syrup so as not to make them gooey and too sweet. The table setting was understated yet stylish though cloth napkins would be better than paper. The bathroom was spotless. We'll certainly be back.Great food, clean restaurant,nice atmosphere. Waitress was very friendly and helpful, she momentarily brought us the appetizer followed up by entry dishes. Definitely will be back!My sister and I stumbled upon this cute cozy halal turkish place while strolling around in downtown Philly. We got the mixed grill. It was waay enough food for the both of us. It came with a little bit of everything. Some rice, two doners, and two kinds of shish kebobs, and fresh HOMEMADE bread (OMG- fresh out of the oven). The prices are soo reasonable. Please do yourself a favor and try this place. They have vegetarian options as well!!!The ambience is quite pleasant, but the food is mediocre at best. Very disappointed in the Manti and Cigara borek. Iskenderun was decent, but that is about it. Service was fine, but they don't seem to like the neighborhood their restaurant is in. Very disappointed after reading the reviews.Really delicious Turkish kebabs. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful and also helped practice Turkish with us! The service was prompt despite a very busy evening. We were accommodated easily despite having a large party and the food was excellent! Would highly recommend.Really enjoyed my steak sandwich. Bread and flavoring was delicious. Fries were fresh cut and the lunch menu is filling. Super plus for a place that serves kanafe!!The only thing good here is the food. That's it. 
Forget about the quality of Service and your actual order. 
I'll go in the order of the moment we entered.
1. Asked for water when we sat and the response was DONT WORRY EVERYBODY GETS WATER YOU WILL ALSO BE GIVEN WATER BUT FIRST ORDER. 
This is after waiting for 10 minutes sitting on the table. 
2. We ordered Chicken Adana Kebab, Lahmacun and Chicken Beyti from the Menu. 
3. The Adana kebab was supposed to be served with BULGAR but instead this man decided to put plain white RICE. 
4. The Beyti was supposed to be served with Rice and VEGETABLES but he only gave 1 jalapeño and 1 tomato and NO RICE AT ALL. 
5. While ordering the Lahmacun we said not to give us soda but he annoyingly kept pushing why you dont want soda even though my simple response was I don't want to drink soda so please don't give it - simple ask. 
6. When asked about rice with Beyti then his response was USUALLY PEOPLE DONT LIKE RICE. I replied BUT THATS WHAT YOUR MENU SAYS AND HENCE I ORDERED. 
If that's the case then the restaurant should put the correct words and items in the menu and not try false advertise/ undersell your customers. 
7. The server was rude from the beginning and whenever we asked for water or rice or vegetables that were missing in the served dishes as compared to the order from the menu then his response will first be DONT WORRY AND I GIVE IT TO EVERYONE AND WILL GIVE IT TO YOU AS WELL. 
We run restaurants in our family and serve our customers with full respect and dignity unlike this person here. May be he has preconceived notions about people and treats them in his own desired way. 
Would never come back here and warn others people to be careful with this server and make sure to check with the menu after you receive your order. This middle aged man with glasses and around 5'6"Oh a whim, I ordered here through Caviar yesterday and was so fantastically surprised and impressed by their chicken Adana  (though, be warned, the pepper on the side is brutally hot!!!). Today's order (because the adana was so good), different story. One bite of the donar had me grasping greedily for water. The salt content is so high the my mouth felt like it was burning. Totally inedible. What a bummer.Great food for very reasonable prices! Highly recommend if you're in the center city area and you're into Mediterranean food. Humus and the chefs mixed platter were phenomenal.Was a pleasure coming here for the first time with my wife from Chicago ! I'm usually skeptical about places for first time , but Paprica delivered a full satisfaction for us . Food was fabulous and cooked to perfection. I highly recommend for everyone who's looking to try a Turkish cuisine . Great environment, friendly staff and excellent food... Will most definitely come back on my next visit.So grateful a tasty Turkish restaurant is in Philly! Hot pita or Turkish bread comes hot straight from the oven with cheese and butter from the start! The mezza, Shepherd salad and cheese borekas is what I like most for appetizers. All the kabobs &  Adanas are amazing!
A family run business with great service and great food. Parking can be available on the street or across to the parking lot which they can give a discount voucher.
Nice location and nice ambiance too! I recommend to reserve on weekends as it does get busy during dinner times!Great service and food. Live music was wonderful but wish it was more often than once a month. I'll be back.The food was really  good but the quantity was small for the $$ i ordered mixed kabob and it was delicious my husband ordered their pizza was small & dryAmazing!! This restaurant is our #1 date night spot! Really cheap for delicious, home made food!!Fantastic Turkish BYOB right off of jewelers row. Tried a few different dishes and loved them all. Friendly owners - very attentive service. Will definitely return to try more menu items!The food here is absolutely delicious. I started off with some hummus, lentil soup and some bread and all 3 were tasty. I also had the Shepherds salad and it was just as good as granny used to make. For my entree I had the mixed grill which was chicken kabab, Adana kabab, beef cubes and chicken. They are perfectly cooked and packed with flavor. The service was exceptional! Definitely recommend Paprica to everyone!!We normally go outside of Philadelphia to get some Mediterranean food that is Halal and delicious. The atmosphere is great and the food is so so delicious and on point. I highly recommend coming and trying it. It is the best MEDITERRENEAN restaurant that we have been in Philadelphia. 
PS 
We ordered a kid's meal for my son but it was great that we thought of ordering it for ourselves next time lol. #Philadelphia #Philly #NewJersey #NewYork #USA #Turkishfood #food #restaurant #MEDITERRENEAN #roozman911 @roozman911This place sucks. I wanted a chicken sandwich and I got this something very nasty. Don't waste your money here ewwww!The food is excellent, and the restaurant is beautiful and really clean. My son 11 years old appreciates the food too knowing that he does not appreciate all that kind of food.
The staff is friendly, we will backExcellent place! The food was incredible and super fresh. The best middle eastern/Mediterranean place in the city. Been here for over 20 years and haven't found a place like this in philly until now. A must try.Service and food had been lacking after 6 months...they should hire people with experience, every time I visit it's seems there is someone new so that's also effecting.This was a random visit while we and some friends were in Philly for a conference. OK ... not so random, since part of my heritage is Turkish. 
This a Turkish menu and as good and authentic as it gets. My family is from Toronto and the Turkish community there swears by just one or two restaurants. Paprica could go head to head with any of them. It might even survive if it were in Istanbul, Ankara or Antalya. That's as high a praise as I can give a Turkish restaurant on this side of the Atlantic.
Manti is to die for. Babaganoush (patlican salatasi in Turkish) is very sophisticated. Great service and the BYOB was a hoot. We were in a corner and had almost a minibar set up. 
Don't miss it.This place is beautiful and relaxing! You can watch your kebabs being grilled in the kitchen behind you, which is super exciting!! Definitely recommend the grilled items on the menu! The waitress was very friendly and attentive. I think the mantee would be much better if served hotter.Completely horrible place. Everything they serve you can buy from your local Acme. Nothing is Authentic. They serve me uncle bens rice not even mediterranean and to make it worse they served it on hot wax paper :/ , the bread was cold, hummus was bland no garlic or lemon juice two major ingredients! Atmosphere was great and service was good but the food is not good at all! Apologies for the comment but i am just being totally honest!Came in with some family and friends to break our fast during the month of Ramadan. We had made a reservation earlier in the day, and we were seated promptly after arriving. 
The restaurant was decently busy, but the waiter made sure to have some small food items such as dates to break our fast. Some members of our party were taking a bit long to arrive, but our waiter was patient and still took the orders of those who were sitting.
I placed an order for the 'Doner Iskender.' As we waited for our orders to be prepped, we were served water and fresh bread. 
When our food came out, portions were good and the presentation was great. My food was extremely tasty and was close to the real form of the dish I had tried in Turkey. Additionally, bathrooms were very clean and tidy. 
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for tasty and decently priced Turkish food in the greater Philadelphia area. Already have this place another try.Wonderful authentic food presented by wait staff that is exceptional!  Mehmet our server was so kind and greeted us with a big smile. The decor is clean, new and open kitchen was the perfect view...not only can you smell the exotic flavors and spices, you can watch Chef prepare your meals. Food presentation was plated exceptionally well and served hot as it should be. Took Baklava home for late night snack....delicious!!!  You will not be disappointed as we are very select.  Can't wait to go back!!!I had a terrible experience in this restuarant last Saturday night. The server was a young man who seemed to be in a rush. He brought out the mezze platter, which has 6 different items on it, along with the falafel at the same time. 30 seconds later he brought out the soup, then went back and got the entrees, which I had to ask him to hold off on. We had to ask for bread and ended up getting our own paper napkins. When the entree was brought back, it was cold. So a different server took it back to the kitchen, told me they were making a fresh entree, but only brought back the old one warmed up. It was dry and we didn't finish it. Also couldn't get more tea after our first glass, told you were out of tea for the night. I'm very disappointed.My favorite thing here is the mixed meat grill with their brown rice. The bread is also so so good. The waitress is so sweet and the ambience of the restaurant is really nice for either a casual lunch or a nice dinner. I find it hard to find nice places to eat halal food but Paprica is definitely up there for me and I highly rec (whether you keep halal or not)I came here by a suggestion of a friend and was deadset on going after seeing such rave reviews on here. I don't believe it's lived up to its name. 
One major plus: it's halal for all the Muslim folks- YAY! Walking in we were seated immediately and the decor was modern and the restaurant was tidy. The potted plants on the wall with rustic dining tables and chairs gave a very unique garden feel to it. 
Looking at the menu, I had seen rave reviews about their doner kabob. We arrived at 4 pm with the place empty besides my cousin and me.
We tried to order the doner and the Adana kabob and the waitress had told us that both of these meats were not prepared yet. I was shocked, their best sellers not prepared on a Friday? We settled for the chicken shish that was tender and juicy throughout but had little to no flavor. The dish came with a small side of chopped salad (cucumbers, tomatoes, onions), yogurt sauce, a tortilla (since when do Mediterraneans eat with a tortilla?), and probably half a cup of rice. The yogurt sauce was what really gave the meal any flavor since things were quite bland. The salad was nice and refreshing to balance out the protein and carbs but nothing groundbreaking. We also ordered a side of french fries which was the only thing that went well food-wise that evening. The fact that french fries were the only thing that worked out for us, was a little disappointing.
I also had asked for garlic sauce on the side (i have never gone to a Mediterranean/Arab restaurant that doesn't offer it) and the waitress looked confused and said she had never heard of that. she asked the manager and said the yogurt sauce was all they had. Everything was priced reasonable but it just didn't seem to be our day.
Leaving 3 stars bc the waitstaff was courteous, the atmosphere was well decorated and inviting, and everything was decently priced. I wish their popular dishes were available so I could see what the hype was about. 
since everything was relatively underwhelming, I most likely will not be coming back again.Dined here 10/14/2019 with family. Small but well appointed restaurant. Great service. Delicious food.
We shared: eggplant with tomatoes and also baba!ghanoush, spicy meatballs, chicken shish Ka-bob and a bbq platter.
More than ample portions- lots went home to our nephew!
Anytime I'm in Phillie, I'll be dining here!I took a day trip to Philadelphia with my mother. We walked the city as a normal tourist, loved the environment it was a perfect day. We were stricken with hunger we made a left turn down the street and found this restaurant. When I walked in I was asked if I had a reservation I said no he said do notWorry come on in. From that point on appetizers main course and dessert and tea were amazing. The food is prepared fresh yes it's ordered. And the service was absolutely six stars. The staff is accommodating  and friendly. My cup is never empty my waiter checked on me every 10 minutes to make sure that what I ordered I liked. I do not travel to Philadelphia a lot but this small restaurant now has a guest at least every two weeks.This restaurant would be my number one recommendation if you're in Philly for Mediterranean food. It's a Lebanese-Turkish establishment I believe. Fully halal and plenty of vegetarian options. 
Sadly I have only a picture of our tea to share since my friend and I ordered food to go, but the service was amazing. We were greeted by an older man who brought us freshly brewed Turkish tea while we waited on our food and told us jokes. The place was very nice - your fancied dine in place, but on a smaller scale, and to the side was a view of the cooks preparing food. 
Each dish could easily been shared by two people, and the food was very authentic. I would highly recommend their platters which allow you to sample their different kabobs. Their tea was great too. 
Will definitely come again. Street parking is available outside.Best Turkish & Greek food in Philly. Very delicious and very clean. They are professional.I came to Paprica for my birthday because we were having a hard time finding a place that could seat 6 and we were not disappointed! We had the chicken shish and iskender- some of the best we've ever had. Hands down my favorite thing was the kunefe, my partner called it "life changing" definitely a place to go back to. Ps unfortunately we didn't get his name but our server was the nicest and most attentive.Service is decent and atmosphere is nice. Came in for solo dinner and had the lentil soup, a stuffed eggplant appetizer and the chicken kabob entree. The bread is delicious and the lentil soup and eggplant were yummy. The chicken and bulgar were so bland. I don't know how you make bland kabob. When I expressed to the server that the chicken didn't taste like anything, she brought me salt and pepper... which was nice, but if I wanted kabob seasoned w salt and pepper, I could've just stayed home. I've been here before and the food was great, so I'll probably come back again with hopes that this was just an off night, but the $45 dinner I had tonight was not worth it.This is my first review ever. Im not joking. I come from Los Angeles (aka Tehrangeles), where there is an abundance of Iranians, Armenians, Turks, Lebanese and various delicious shish kebabs, shawarmas, and other mediterranean/middle eastern goodies. I've lived in philly for the last four years and haven't been able to find that kebab that takes me back home. That all changed last week when I went to Paprica. Everything was authentic. From the smokey flavor of the various meats to the traditional lafa bread with crunchy sesame seeds to the delicious Turkish Tulum cheese that may at first fool you as Feta. But it's actually Feta's charming sister saying hello to your taste buds. I ordered the mixed grill and loved it. Everything was well marinated and cooked to perfection by a lovely gentleman who has been honing his skills for years. I was stuffed by the end of that meal, and I'll definitely come back many more times to try the rest of the goods. Black tea and baklava, I'm coming for you. The shawarma was completely gone. I'm definitely coming for you too. 
As far as the staff goes. The waiter is hilarious. The hostess is very observant and attentive. The grill master grills relentlessly. And you can bet that the owner will approach you and make sure everything is ok at some point. Very nice guy that cares a lot about his customers and his staff. All in all, awesome place with an awesome and hard-working staff. I would recommend this place basically for any occasion. Your hot date, your mom, your co-worker or entire family. Everyone will connect with this food in one way or another. It hits the spot!
-HovhannesIt is a very nice Turkish restaurant in Philadelphia. 
Delicious food and great desserts. The owner and the serves are very polite and friendly. Will definitely go back with other friends. Highly recommended.Absolutely phenomenal. Tastes better than 90% of the food we had in turkey. Not enough words to describe. Also, the restaurant itself is really nice, usually halal places lack in ambiance but this place is so nice!Fantastic halal restaurant. The space is clearly new/renovated and always very clean. The menu offers a great variety of options to choose from, ranging from $8-9 sandwich and fries to $15 main courses. All the food is delicious. The owners and the staff are also very kind and genuine people.We preferred Turkish restaurant and we thought that it would be better,but we will never prefer again. Falafel was tasteless, grill was also cold and untasteful,too. It was bad hospitality.  disappointing!!The food was delicious, the service was impeccable, and the seating is great. We ordered the mixed grill platter, Manti, cheese rolls appetizer, and adana kabob burger for the kids off the kids menu. Food came out quickly, they were kid friendly, refilled drinks quickly, and did not disappoint. Would def recommend this place.The menu has changed recently. It is a very long and confusing menu. The price also has gone up significantly. We would not go back to this restaurant again. I would like to go to a restaurant with better location and atmosphere for the same price.Came here after a long day at the Constitution Center. We arrived 20 minutes past 3 pm and unfortunately missed the lunch specials :-/. we were the only ones in the restaurant when we walked in and within a half an hour a few other patrons arrived. But ultimately we have the place to ourselves. It didn't deter us one bit.
 We ordered a bowl of lentil soup, a vegetarian mezze appetizer platter, the shrimp casserole, and for dessert, the Kunafa. Everything we tasted was phenomenal! I especially enjoyed the mezze platter and the shrimp casserole. While the shrimp casserole had mounds of cheese on the top, the savory flavors that came from the tomato-based sauce of shrimp and vegetables underneath was to die for! Our service was fairly decent throughout. I will say that we were never asked if we wanted anything else to drink besides water until we ordered dessert. In get, we were never even provided a drink menu and therefore I cannot comment on whether they serve anything else in this restaurant besides water, Turkish tea and soda. This is normally not a concern for me however my friend wanted a ginger ale. 
Overall everything that came to our table, and for the most part, everything I saw that arrived at other tables, looked amazing! I also like the fact that you can watch the chef cook the entire time. As the kitchen area is only separated by a glass wall. The chef waved and smiled at me while making his lamb kabobs. 
Look forward to returning and bring you my mom here. She absolutely loves Mediterranean foodDelicious food! I had the classic plate and it came with a generous serving of delicious beef. Also tried baklava, absolutely the best I've ever had! This restaurant is a hidden gem!I live close by so I've had a variety of their food and always enjoy everything. The falafel, hummus, and pide are some of my favorites.  
Aside from their food they owners and staff are extremely friendly.  I just walked by and, since Philly is currently experiencing a heat wave, they have a full cooler of cold water bottles outside for the public. They even attached a note letting people know they were free and advising them to take one. Such a great gesture of kindness from a small business.Unprofessional and doesn't listen to their customers.   Disputed a charge but they were so stibborn.  Will never visit or recommend this to anyone.  Food doesn't matter if you don't give basic customer service.As a native of Turkey, I can tell that Paprika is doing a great job. Their kebabs taste great. The place is very clean. I will definitely visit Paprika again next time I visit Philly.I ordered the lamb adena kabab wrap and it was good! It came with a side of fries so the meal was filling! Everybody was so friendly and welcoming. Will be coming back to try some other stuff on the menu. Also, so convenient that it's so close to Jefferson!