Only been here once.  Good food.  Ready in the time frame they told us. I will go back. 
Update: gotten food from here several times. The quantity and quality are good. The flavor has been ok to good, I guess it depends on whose cooking. I was recently diagnosed with a digestive disorder, so my body can't tolerate the paprika and some other ingredients they use.I have been here twice and both times the food was great! Very tasty! The food is prepared in front of you and they have quick service. My only complaint is the woman who answers the phone could be more pleasant, she wasn't very nice. And, when I went in for pick up, in person she was dry and unpleasant. No greeting or anything. But other than that the restaurant is great! The food is awesome!We've went to the restaurant and also ordered through Uber eats. My favorite is the pasta Alfredo with shrimp and chicken. DELICIOUS And the platter weights at  least 2lbs.! GO GO GO! Run don't walk‍It's a small place for sit down eating. I'm sure if they keep up with those hefty/delicious platters, they'll be expanding soon. They're a gem in the middle of a bustling neighborhood. From 1-10, they get a 20!This place has to be the worst $35 I spent in my life..fries were soggy on all three of my platters, fried chicken was barely cooked along with my beef burger platter .. don't get me started how oily the quesadillas lookedFood was amazing! I had the stuffed salmon and the wife had shrimp and broccoli Alfredo...everything was delicMy Neice called not long ago tonight and said she was at Paprika and what did I want to eat. Well this would be my first time so I only eat fried fish but I went all out and said let me try the Stuffed Grilled Tilapia with crabmeat. Damn this fish is all that I'll be back for more. I just wanted to share that let me get back to my food.Meh, the food was very bland no flavor whatsoever. The rack of lamb was very tough and they literally just threw paprika on it. I was expecting way more but it did its job which by filling my stomach. Definitely won't be ordering from here again. It looked appetizing for photos if that counts for anything lol.The wife and I stopped by this spot for a late dinner. At first the wife was skeptical about the food, she thought just another soul food spot. After just the first bite her opinion changed quickly!! Hands down some of the best food we've had in quite sometime. The service was great, the owner gave us drinks on the house and even suggested we come back for lunch so we could have a better chance at trying more of the menu. We'll definitely be back at Paprika.Came for the first time 8/16/14 , the food was excellent . The stuffed salmon and crab balls are a new favorite !The staff was very nice ,would definitely come again .Really good food but I'm gonna make sure I give them 1 star each time until the owner can afford delivery.. you guys get so much business so should be able to deliverI gave 2 stars because the staff is friendly but the food has fell off. It was much better a year ago when I went for the first time. I had the stuffed salmon which was not seasoned. The stuffing was nasty and piled so high that I couldn't eat more than 2 bites. I also tried the chicken quesdilla it was ok but it was drenched in this teriyaki sauce that was not necessary. I ended up throwing it away. Overall I would not go back but try it for yourself. Maybe they have a new cook or under new management.The food is so good.  Enjoy Soul food on Sunday. They serve Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner though Monday to Saturday. Go and meet the Chef Thomas and Chef Jamal and their wonderful Staff.I ate crab balls and broccoli here around 3pm, it is now 9:30pm and I have been throwing up all afternoon. The staff was nice and friendly but clearly the food was tainted. This will be my first and last visit to this facility. Very disappointedFood is cool place looks a little rough. I'm good on going again I'd rather eat at homeFood is delicious. All fresh and hot and never disappointing. The stuff salmon and shrimp is bumpin! Best food I he in a while! So good I had to write a review lolGreat Food ,   small location  but you better have a big appetite,   you're gonna need it this will be my new go to location  for a great mealI frequent this place being as though it's typically good and close by. Tonight, however, the food was not good at all. Before I left I tasted my roasted potatoes and they tasted as if they were sitting for hours; lukewarm, dry, and stale. I informed the cashier who relayed the message to the female owner. The owners response was, "Well they're not old but can I get you something else," with an attitude, like I was lying. I informed her that they tasted stale and were barely warm and even still she just asked what else could she get me instead. No apology for the horrible batch of potatoes sold to me. Customer service goes a long way. Needless to say the rest of my meal (corn, broccoli, salmon) was all bland. The crab cake on top was the best part of the meal. The sweet potato cheesecake was good as well.This was my first time at Paprika. The waiting are was nice and clean. The menu had so many awesome choices I couldn't really figure out what I wanted. The young lady at the counter was helpful and assisted me in choosing my dish. Then I couldn't decide on the crab or the shrimp Alfredo (offered with either linguine or penne) She suggested I try both! A bit pricey at $23 but there were 9 fairly large shrimp and a bunch of crab meat through out the dish. The flavors were mixed very well. It was enough to share and being for lunch the following day. My husband got a crab, mussel and shrimp platter that he also throughly  enjoyed.  For dessert I chose the sweet potato cheesecake and my husband and daughter had red velvet cake. Both were equally tasty! I will definitely be going back. However next time I will call ahead.So the hostess lady was a little rude I was waiting for her to take my order and she took a phone call instead no "please hold" or anything so that's that so after she explained and went through EVERYTHING w/ the person on the phone she tells me there's no more yams or greens :/ what? So I get the Mac and chicken .... 15 dollars? Ok chicken was great I'd go back for that if I'm in the area but the thing is I went out of my way. Mac was spicy and had a smell had to hold by breath while tasting it. Well I didn't expect much anyways.First time trying this place. Got the grilled chicken breast platter. Food was fresh and there was a lot of it. Only complaint is to decrease the portion size of the sides (fries and broccoli in my case) and include more protein (grilled chicken breast) as that's the reason people choose the platters, because of the protein portion, not because of the sides.This food was not good!  the wings were soooo big , I have never seen chicken wings so big! Basically injected with steroids!! I never eat wings that look like that.  Shrimp over cooked and teriyaki on everything!I decided to give this place a try after seeing pics on social media. The restaurant is small & a bit dated but the food is absolutely delicious! 
I ordered my food to go, the mac n cheese is some of the best Ive tasted. The stuffed chicken was a great choice. The peppers weren't sautéed but the meal was still spectacular! I tried the sweet potato cheesecake & its a unique dessert that leave u wanting more.Only Eat Here During Lunch Hour Because The Food Is Just Okay. The Stuffed Salmon Is Great. Every Side I Had Literally Lacked Flavor. Looked Like Only Paprika Was On It, Which Taste Like Nothin. Got My Order Wrong 3xs On UberEats.This store has its good and bad days ... for the most part it's good food . I've tried several items off their menu , ribeye & grills shrimp which I believe they should have other options if you want gravy or the teriyaki sauce , the string beans are flavorless besides the garlic in them . The stuffed salmon & stuffed shrimp are my favorite . The deconstructed chicken is good as well , dessert is the lemoncello cake & sweet potato cheesecake ! The customer service is greatPaprika is a great place. You don't go there for decor, it is all about the food! The staff is extremely friendly and its like eating with your family. I highly recommend going to paprika at least once a month. Make sure to follow them on IG to constantly see the amazing food!The food was fresh and service was good. Did not have to wait long for a table for large group. The price for the meals was good. Tried the lamp Adana sandwich with pita bread. Other good options are chicken Adana and lamb sheesh.So I'll start with the positives. 1) their portions are generous. 2) their sweet potato cheesecake is fab. It's the kind that swirls in sweet potato pie atop regular cheesecake rather than sweet potato pie flavored cheesecake. 
Now that that's out the way: they are delivery failures. For example: I order twice today. Not because I so enjoy their food but because I ordered four items the first time and received 1 and it was wrong. I called and was assured they had stuffed shrimp, alfredo and desserts despite the fact that I didn't get any of those items. I got grilled chicken . So I order the same items again. Second time I received desserts and wait for it....... grilled chicken. I want to say they are disorganized but part of me thinks they just didn't have shrimp and repeatedly tried to substitute it. Either way, at a minimum give people what they pay you for. That's basic biz practice. Paprika fails big time in this department.I really like this place. However, unfortunately I will not return. On Mothers Day I didn't want to go out. I just wanted a chill day with some great food at home. So I ordered the grilled shrimp and salmon platter, crab cakes and a slice of carrot cake. My daughter wanted the crab cakes she really enjoys them. I enjoyed my meal and everything taste great. A hour later my daughter and I both had headaches and then the stomach aches to follow. A few hours later I regurgitated the entire meal. Everything! My daughters headaches got worse. My Mothers Day was spent recovering from food poisoning. I will not return to this restaurant because once you make me sick I do not care to return ever.I really love there food and have been ordering from Paprika since they have been open. Recently, I ordered through Uber eats and went through a whole mess trying to get my food and never received it, it was telling me that it was delayed. I was told by the restaurant to contact Uber eats which I did. I was on the phone for hours trying to resolve the issue and after 2 and a half hours of going back and forth between Uber eats and the restaurant, I was exhausted. In the end Uber eats offered to pay for my food and the cancellation and told me that I would be able to still pick up my food for the inconveniences. Furthermore, I called as well as Uber eats to explain that I would be coming to still pick up the food even though it was cancelled. They told me that my food wasn't there and that they weren't responsible for anything on my part and that I wouldn't be getting another platter unless I paid for it, AGAIN. I was very disappointed and dissatisfied and they weren't too comforting nor apologetic in the matter. What a disappointment coming from a local business.Horrendous quality food! We all arrived starving and We all love Greek food but have never been so disappointed with a dinner--Dry, bland and tasteless food--as if the chef completely does not care. Completely inedible!I drove out here with a friend from the jersey shore since he kept talking about them. When we got there the staff were cool. The food was VERY LIT. The fish, shrimp, greens etc were all delicious. I think I ate his from
His plate as well. Next time I visit family out in Philly I definitely will have to stop by.I've had a few things from here but my favorite so far is the turkey burger....SO GOOD! I've had the fries, mashed potatoes, broccoli, crab balls and shrimp far and everything has been great! I definitely recommend this place.This is probably one of my favorite places to eat lunch and dinner.  The crab balls were great. The stuffed salmon with crab meat, broccoli and rice. Was just awesome. The staff was great. Keep up the good workAll of their food is to die for. One suggestion I'd make is to call first to make sure they haven't sold out of what you want.The food is so good here. I have had everything and have never been disapointed the platters are huge you will have food for two days. Just try them and you'll be hooked.I was hearing this on YouTube and word of mouth from a few friends and I have to say I never had much of greatness of the Rack of Lamb along with Mac N Cheese and Spinach. Great food a great portion. It was quite worth the wait and great taste. Service was pleasant as well. Will be my new go to spot.I was excited to see this restaurant open not only is the place Super clean,  in my neighborhood, but All of the food is Excellent each and every time. SALUTE!!!!This was my first time eating at this establishment and I must say that I am pleased. The establishment was clean. The bathroom was clean. The lady who took my order was very helpful. I think she was very efficient as she was taking phone orders and walk in orders. I didn't care for the wait time but they're making the food fresh so that's to be expected. Once I started enjoying my food, I forgot all about the wait time! The only two issues that I had with my food was 1- there was too much mango sauce on my wings therefore I didn't enjoy all of my fries because of the mango sauce at the bottom, and 2- the chicken wings could be cooked a little longer. Other than that, the food was delicious!  Customer service was great! The establishment is clean. Therefore, I will return and I will recommend this eatery!The is one of my favorite places to eat, I hate the fact that everytime my husband and I go there he will get something and its always better than what I order. Believe me all their food is good but it always seem like his taste better. Maybe that is in my crazy little mind. My son loves their Mac and Cheese its so cheesy. I always get the Lamb, Shrimp over rice or the Stuffed Salmon. Its not one thing there my husband didnt eat. They have lunch special which is great if you can catch them. We always go for dinner, I am going to be honest they can get a little pricey but it is well worth. Oh if you like mussels you must try the mussels. My husband always get two orders of them when we go there.Ordered via Ubereats, excited to try them out because I'd heard good things. Frozen broccoli wasnt steamed correctly and still cold almost throughout. Rice was dry and tasteless, crab stuffed salmon was over cooked and I'm not sure if that was crab. Also I ordered a piece of cake , didn't receive and I've been calling the restaurant since I received and no answer on either number.I don't recommend  this establishment it was disgusting, rubbery and not fresh ( the food was old , I mean very old) Seems like they went dumpster diving for the food and put it in containers. This is pathetic having spent $ 60.00 on garbage Note to Restaurant: You should close down everyone is not meant to have a restaurant especially if your selling crap to people for consumption please shut down before you kill someone. Or Retrain yourself and staff on food and safety. FIFO is a free pointer for you look it up you should already know what this means. 2nd whoever your vendors are just get new ones even check out local farms.I was brought here by a friend. I would have never known this place existed had he not.
Walking in, everything was clean and in order. The lady behind the counter was so genuinely nice. She was very patient with us while we ordered, and changed our minds about 5 times. She explained, and answered questions all with keeping her upbeat demeanor.
I ordered a turkey burger. It didn't knock me off of my feet, but it was good. I liked te seasoned fries that came on the side.
The menu is pretty extensive. I would return to try other options.Ordered thru ubereats, the ribeye was just fat! No meet. Paying 22 dollars for a bunch of fat is disappointing. Crab balls are ok but that's it and they forgot my drink.Came to Paprika yesterday (3/5/19) after seeing a review on Youtube... I got Lamb n shrimp with spinach n mac n cheese, my husband got stuffed chicken with mash n mac n cheese. I remember the owner saying if the food is not to ur liking its on me! Brother u don't have to worry bout that from us. BAE-BE I was soooooo overjoyed i was mad I didn't get extra sauce to reheat my other half! U guys have a gem, I pray Allah keeps u guys able to keep producing those BOMB BEHIND meals..Came from Bronx, New York, on Friday March, 8, 2019. It was crowded, got there at 5:45 pm. Was disappointed they run out of the staple food, NO GREENS, NO SWEET POTATO CHEESECAKE, NO ALFREDO. I did not understand, the dinner menu started at 4:00pm, only 1 hour and 45 minutes, into dinner and these items are gone. Why don't you guys  cook in huge quantity. if you go to the buffet they cook in huge amounts, Spanish restaurant cook in huge amounts. why when we tried to support our people we get frustrated. Don't know if food was good or not, just a word to the wise, cook in a huge amount, so people like me can tell my family and friends that it was worth the trip. Sorry can not give this restaurant any stars for food. Stoby 50 Bx. NYCFood was really really good and the portions are tremendous! I'd definitely go back as I have more things to try on the menu. Presentation of the food was good too. They don't skimp on ingredients it's all high quality. This is a great business to supportThe chicken fingers and fries were good and served in a generous portion. Cheesecake was a bit overpriced, but tasty. Some of the other desserts are from boxes, though, so imo, not worth it, although my bf enjoyed his lemon cake.  Would definitely go back and try some other items from the menu.  I would have been back already if I didn't live so far away.  Call ahead if you can; it's not a short wait, but the food is hot and fresh.This place is amazing. I had the stuffed chicken with spinach and peppers, my son had the alfredo pasta and my husband had the stuffed tilapia with stuffed crab meat..
The whole bill came to 52 bucks and let me tell you, it was all worth it because we had food to last for 2 days. 
The mac and cheese is a definite solid side- however the fries were soggy for my taste.
The neighborhood is a bit sketchy- I take that back- Its a lot sketchy. I came via car. 
I would def come back.I ordered the salmon and shrimp Alfredo last night and it was not good at all. I was shocked because the food here is usually pretty decent. The Alfredo noodles were extremely soggy and the broccoli was very soggy and mushy as well. I was very disappointed due to the fact I spent $25 on a dish that I ended up throwing away after a few bites. Not sure if I will be returning.Some of the most delicious food I've tasted. This is my first time eating lamb and I love it. All the food was good. It is a busy place (because the food is so good) but the boss works well under pressure. She's very professional, Kind, and friendly and so is the girl working the register. I even got a couple of goodies thrown in for being so patient. I love supporting our people and they made me feel so welcomed. I just want to say Thank You Jamilah for good service and good food.We will definitely be backMMMM!  A colleague suggested this place so I grabbed some after work on Friday.  Delicious!  They have lunch specials that go until 4pm.  The sides are limited (I couldn't get mac and cheese or string beans) but I did have orange rice and broccoli and the stuffed salmon.  I also had a slice of the limoncello cake and it was delicious!  I will definitely be going back and I intend to spend a little more money in order to taste their other sides.  Also, I liked that the prep-station was wide open and I could see the chefs cooking the food.  Very clean and they seemed to be enjoying themselves, I think they put some love in the food- that's why it tastes so good.Liked this place. Walked in & was greeted immediately. Food did not take long to cook. Like that you can see them cooking. Had the veggie pasta with chicken and the sweet potato cheesecake. Both were good. Pasta was supposed to be lunch size, but was a lot. Good amount for your money. Cashier was nice & recommended dishes since it was my 1st.
Food was enough for 2 mealsI had the most wonderful salad with grilled chicken! The chicken was flavorful and delicious! The cucumber, red and green peppers and red onion were fresh and had a delicious dressing. 
I will be going back to try different things on the menu.Absolutely amazing!!! Half rack of lamb chops wit Mac and cheese and broccoli and add shrimp. I believe it's teriyaki sauce they put on the lamb, its soooo good. I drive all the way from Newark, NJ just for their food. Love the bug portioned sides tooMagic at its best whoever is in the kitchen knows what they're doing!!!!! Treat yourselfLocation location location... If this place was in a better location they would be making a killing , the food was above amazing. The staff was awesome.... It's just a little suspect when it comes to the area it's in... Luckily I'm licensed to carry.... But if your not easily frightened and have a license to carry your good I highly recommend.This spot was great when I used to get food from here well on 01/9/21 we ordered from Uber eats I got the chicken breast and my husband got the crab balls and chicken wings and shrimp well he said his food was good but my platter was horrible the chicken was not cook the broccoli was watering and mashed potatoes taste spoiled . Never again  you support black owned business and the food is not good. am glad I had a ginger ale because I felt sick after I ate the food .Traveled from Houston and all I can say is two can split one hell of a plate.. The first place in Philadelphia I truly enjoyed.. They serve a hefty plate so don't let your eyes wonder to plan for extra... The food is always and the young lady was very friendly!!! The destructive chicken is a number one for me!!! Going back for the lamb.. Collard greens was amazing.. Seasoned to perfection!!! I know have a favorite spot..Delicious food! I ordered the stuffed shrimp with mac & cheese and green beans. I reallyyyy enjoyed the mac & cheese; and the stuffed shrimp were full of tender meat and fresh seasonings. My only criticism is I ordered via Uber Eats and it the platter could have been secured/wrapped up for delivery.Food was didn't care 4 crab cake ok lady at register had an attitude I wouldn't go backMy boyfriend and I waited over an hour for our food and one of the girls in the front had a disgusting attitude. We asked if our food was almost done after waiting about 40 minutes and the girl got smart and said " I told y'all it would be 45 minutes" and rolled her eyes then said "i don't have time for this today". We were on the verge of getting our money back but we hungry so we just let it slide. We ordered our food at 7:40pm and didn't get our food until around 8:50 so it was definitely more than 45 mins. Once we finally got our food and checked it,  we noticed they forgot our shrimp so we went back in, got the shrimp and then they tried to be "nice" and offered us a slice of cake for the "inconvenience". When we got home and started to eat our food, the chicken and shrimp literally tasted like dish soap and the rice was so bland and undercooked. The cooks must have placed the chicken and shrimp on a surface that had dish soap on it because it was disgusting.The food looked really good but looks can be very deceiving. We couldn't even eat our platters because they tasted so nasty and started to make our stomachs hurt. I wanted to like this place so bad because their Instagram makes the food look really good but were wrong. Our experience here really left a bad taste in my mouth(literally) and i wouldn't suggest anyone go here. We called back the next day and the girl said the manager wouldn't be in until 4:00pm but we just didn't even feel like the hassle or smart attitudes from unprofessional workers.  It's hard to support black owned businesses when they're unprofessional like this. We were so disappointed and it was a waste of $50 for two platters and a side of shrimp. We will never go back and I already informed friends and family to never go here.RACIST. Owner called my brother a racial slur DO NOT SUPPORT. I am disgusted. Police did NOTHING to help him. Do not give them any of your money. Absolutely horrible.I heard a lot about this place. The pictures are awesome.  So I decided to give it a try. The alfredo pasta is just ok and underdone. It lacked something, which I couldn't quite put my finger on and it had a taste of seafood even though it was a veggie pasta. Love stuffed mushrooms but I've had better ones from a bar. Also had the mussels that were just so-so. I expected a lot from this place and was sorely disappointed. It got two stars b/c my food was ready on time and it was edible. Other than that my dime will be spent elsewhere.I've heard great things about this restaurant but I had to try it out for myself. First off this place gets busy, I mean really busy! So it's best to get there early for the dinner menu. I got there when they opened for dinner and the wait was still 40 minutes long. But don't let the wait deter you it was well worth it! The service was amazing the waitresses were very polite and accommodating. The prices are fair for the amount of food you get with the platters. 
I ordered the stuffed salmon with macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes. The salmon was flavorful and cooked to perfection. The crab cake on top was amazing with no filler. The Mac and cheese taste like they poured their soul into it and the mashed potatoes were absolutely delicious and I don't normally like everyone's mashed potatoes. Paprika has moved into my top 10 of Philadelphia restaurants and I can't wait to go back again.Came here and got a lunch special of chicken Alfredo and salmon, crab cakes, rice and broccoli. First off, the portions are enough for two people!! Although it did lack salt, it was overall good and the staff is friendly.The food is delicious and portion sizes are huge but the customer service is horrible. The ladies behind the counter are rude and unhelpful. My first time coming to the restaurant I was met with an unpleasant attitude for absolutely no reason and was given no help when trying to figure out the menu. I decided to give it another try in hopes that the first time was a fluke, but unfortunately I had to deal with bad service again from a different employee.**This review is actually intended for the owner/manager as I have no intention of bashing this business but simply to provide feedback which may be helpful, InshaAllah.
Food was great but incorrect.
When I called to inform the restaraunt that one of my side orders was incorrect, the woman who answered the phone was rude and cut me off before I could explain my reason for calling telling me that uber must have mixed up my orders and that I need to call them and proceeded to try and HANG UP before I stopped her and politely asked her if I could finish my sentence. I informed her that one order was correct and the other was as well minus one of the sides being wrong. I fully intended to KEEP the side as they were closing but I wanted to inform them of the mistake because I did want to order in the future. Upon me explaining this she said "okay" and "thats fine". Still very rude. NO apology for cutting me off and shifting blame and NO apology for the wrong side. It is VERY upsetting as my order was almost $70 (which is fine) but I wasn't offered the slightest bit of customer sevice or what I called for which was just a simple apology for the mistake. In the end no one really cares if there's good food but horrible service. Also bearing the status of a Halal resteraunt means we should reflect the mannerisms of Islam. May Allah guide us and rectify our affairs. Ameen.This is the spot if your looking for some good home cooked style food.  I've been here a lot and I'm so glad my sister in law suggested this place. I've had there rack of lamb, stuffed salmon and grilled chicken. They're all delicious. The Mac and cheese is to die for. It's flavored perfectly. The noodle texture is not soft or just quite al dente. It's right there in between. It's hard to explain. You need to try it. The spinach and mashed potatoes are good too! The lamb is covered with teriyaki sauce and it's crazy unbelievable. Who would of thought teriyaki and lamb went together. Now I don't eat seafood and I'm not a big fan of fish but bae baby let me tell you the salmon was delicate and flavorful. My husband and his mom love the crab cakes and he loved the crab on top. I ate half his salmon. The grilled chicken was moist and flavorful as well. We had a slice of there red velvet cake and it was a great end to a wonderful meal. The cake was moist and the cake to frosting ratio was great. I couldn't stop eating it. I was so greedy that I forgot to take a picture of the platters and began eating the cake. Next on the list is the blackened chicken Alfredo and salmon Alfredo!I feel like maybe I got a plate not up to their usual standards but I don't know since it was my first time. I had the lamb with mashed potatoes, green beans and the extra shrimp and everything lacked seasoning and specifically salt. Personally, I don't like my food salty but I believe SOME salt should be used. The food I had tasted like something you'd cook for someone with high blood pressure; the only thing I could taste was paprika lol, there wasn't even any pepper or spices. I had to sprinkle my own salt and seasoning on when I got home. When I look at all the great reviews I feel like I was cheated. I was so excited to try this place and I'm really disappointed. Not sure I'll go back. Other than that the service was fine and also if you pay with a card, they ILLEGALLY charge you 4% extra on your bill so keep that in mind and bring cashCook was touching food bare hands not clean I was delivering for uber and saw this don't trust this placeI had seen this spot on someone's channel. Little disappointed  or maybe I was expecting to much. My sides was okay, my lamb was tough though. That was supposed to be the center piece to lock me in.  Might give them another chance when I'm in the area. Won't go out my way for it though.This food was good. I checked it out after watching a YouTube review and I was not disappointed. Be patient when ordering because this place gets very busy. The full rack of lamb was good and the deconstructed chicken breast was delicious.Highly recommend Paprika !! 5/10 stars husky portions enough for 2-3 people still yummy the next day very satisfied will be back !!Very rude ignorant little woman working the register.   Other than that the food is very good but certain staff should be replaced or put in the back as to not deal with the public at all.   Horrid little womanWent here twice last week. I found the food is pretty good. The service is ok, but could be better. I had interactions with 3 of the order takers during my two visits and I just felt like there was attitude from one in particular. The words are nice and pleasant, but the demeanor left a little to be desired. It's not what you say, but how you say it. Now back to the food. I had the crab balls, lamb, fried chicken and shrimp(both grilled and fried) and all are very good. You get huge heaping helpings of the side orders, which are good as well. Despite subpar to average service, I'll still come back and enjoy the food.