I have been enjoying patronizing a new coffee option near the office. Coffee is good, service has been friendly. Free Wi-fi and sparkling/tap water also available.Opened up very recently. Its located under that business building. The place is very spacious, and has outlets everywhere! They have longer tables, countertop seating, and sofa chairs. Its quite perfect for studying or even bigger groups. I love that the windows are big so it lets in a lot of natural light. You get to creepily watch people walk by 15th street as well a glimpse of city hall. Also, the sparkling water and tap water is a huge plus. Aside from coffee, they have prepped foods such as sandwiches and pastries as well.Friendly & very timely / efficient service for on the go. Beautiful shop with excellent lattesthe lattes are good... 
but the spinach feta croissant is very addicting. yes i know there's no caffeine in it but i can't stop getting it! 
parliament is a nice alternative to elixir and la colombre~ this place is always packed and i totally get why!
yes, there will be a next time!First off, I've been waiting for this location to pop up for quite some time. And to my surprise it's right across from city hall! When I first walked in to Parliament I was greeted by Liz and my latte was made by Bex. Liz was incredibly friendly and helpful and understood my love of coffee. She is perfect for the job. My name is Cameron and so Bex finished my latte with a beautiful Rosetta with a stylized "C", showcasing her command of the craft. Thank you for a truly exceptional experience, keep it up guys!Although I liked the atmosphere of this café I have to leave a negative review because of my order. Recently on a Wednesday afternoon, around 4:30/5:00 pm, I came in with a friend for the first time. I have a sensitivity to caffeine, so I ordered a decaf hot coffee, and my friend an iced coffee, also decaf. The hot coffee came out immediately and tasted strong but good. About an hour later I had a headache (which I assumed was due to not eating--we had wanted to eat something but there was virtually nothing left since it was near closing time). I was unable to sleep that night, and wondered about that coffee. 
Yesterday, I went into Parliament and asked for a decaf coffee. I was told that they could make me an "Americano." I never drink americanos because usually they taste like water--they mix decaf espresso with extra water. I replied that I didn't want it, but that a week ago I had been in there and was served decaf. They said that they do not MAKE brewed decaf and they only can make americanos.  
This is a warning to anyone who wants decaf coffee due to health reasons. It really makes me angry that people do this at restaurants and cafes. I cannot sleep for 24 hours at least after drinking regular coffee. Other people may have WORSE symptoms/effects from it. I only went that day to Parliament because my friend wanted to--he likes it better than La Colombe. I will stick to La Colombe. They have their own decaffeinated beans and brew them, so I can be assured that they are serving me decaf when I ask for it.hello. my name is suhee and i'm a coffee addict. 
i had a super early appt in center city so all i was fueled on was a teeny cup from home before running out the door. so by the time my appt was over at 9am, i was in major need of caffeine...now...as you all may or may not know, coffee options are aplenty in philly. and in center city, a bunch of good ones. 
ok...so in addition to being a coffee addict, i fully admit that i am a coffee snob. la colombe is prob my favorite but elixr comes a close second. BUT...parliament may just have kicked elixr down to #3 *gasp* omg whhhaaaa???!!!
yes. 9am on a monday in center city, both la colombe and elixr were kookoo. parliament has been on my radar since it opened. i just always played it safe and went to the other reg spots. not today! i was feeling a bit more adventurous haha
walking in, they had a decent crowd...not too overwhelming and the space inside is very roomy. i would love to go back to just hang out, work on stuff, and/or people watch. i ordered a small coffee to-go and was asked whether i wanted a dark or light roast. i opted for the dark. took my first sip as i stepped outside. literally stopped for a second and thought, "wow, this is really good coffee..." then quickly realized i was in the way of the masses trying to get in/out and to work. 
a small cup of coffee will cost you $2.50 which is comparable to all those other places. and like any other coffee shops, they offer pastries, snacks, and lunch options, which all looked and sounded delicious. also, by the sugar/creamer station are cute glass mason jars to fill with free flat and/or sparkling water. 
great coffee, location, interior space, and customer service?! parliament, you just won over another customer.I took advantage of a Yelp check-in to check-out Parliament Café and I am glad I did.  In the unlikely location across from City Hall on 15th Street below Market is this very good-looking café.  The comfy lounge chairs looking out on the busy city scene are really cool but so are the big tables where you can meet a group of your friends.  You order at the counter and the friendly staff will quickly prepare your order.  The fancy Rooibos tea was very good and the pumpkin Danish even better.  I prob would have walked by this café and maybe not even noticed it.  But now it has my attention!came here for a quick coffee and breakfast in the morning and was pleased!
the nicoise frittata was so yummy and even though the green tea was super hot, it was delicious. my team and i at work frequent here and really enjoy their food and drinks. there's also usually lots of sitting areas so it's great for a quick catch up with some friends/co workersGreat place to get some work done. I got a vanilla latte and it wasn't too sweet and was made well. There is sparkling and flat water on tap which is a great bonus and free Wi-Fi. There are plenty of outlets so this is the perfect coffee shop to study or get some work done. It does get a little crowded and loud so probably not the best place if you have to take callsSo the barista was extremely mean. I asked her something regarding the app and she pretty much yelled at me. That shows really bad customer service. I really liked the coffee but I couldn't stay there for long after being treated like that.Welcome to the neighborhood. This is a great addition and that's in spite of La Colombo being right across the street. I really like the layout and the selection of snacks, lunch, drinks. It literally just opened but it has the swagger of a place that's been in town for years.This is right below my office so the convenience is great. Hopefully it will help with traffic control at La Colombe with those that have varying tastes in coffee. The big table outlets are genius. Still trying to taste the difference between the light and dark roar though tbh. The spinach feta croissant is really good too. For Starr catering I probably like this spot the best..that includes the restaurants too.Doesn't stand out much compared to other Center City coffeeshops. But it's a little roomier and more hospitable than smaller ones. I'm not sure I'd ever come here if I wasn't in Center City, but the coffee was pretty delicious. It is among the warmer coffeeshops by City Hall and a weclomed addition. I'll keep visiting, I think, but I don't think I'll go out of my way for it. In sum, nice servers, good coffee, spacious environment, but not worth going to if it's not already on your beaten trail.This is a really cute spot right by Dilworth Park! Plenty of seating, and all the tables had outlets, even the benched and bar seating. The atmosphere is cozy, and although busy it was a nice environment to work in. Prices were a bit steep in my opinion, but likely comparable to other similar spots (rent is likely through the roof). I appreciate the free sparkling or still water in mason jars! The service has been pretty cool so far, but I can't help but think the one cashier rolled her eyes at me or something. When she asked for a name, I told her "Cali, like the State" because people have put in Holly, Allie, Sally, etc. instead and I sometimes miss the order being called out. I swear she rolled her eyes at me, paused and wrote. My drink was called out instead (which is normal I think), but I found that she wrote Calay. Not a big deal, but just something I noticed. Overall, service from everyone has been great though.Great coffee!! SUPER friendly staff!! Also.. comfiest chairs EVER (the brown leather slinky ones by the window!). Just wished I lived closer so I could go back all the time!I was expecting to write this place off because it's part of the STARR restaurant group. BUT, after a few weeks of frequenting this place I'm a fan.
9 times out of 10 the coffee is perfect - I typically get an Americano and only once this guy made basically a weird cup of water. Good coffee, really good food options and baked goods.
Plenty of seating *with outlets!* and conveniently located right near City Hall.Nice modern atmosphere, and friendly prompt service. However, the latte leaves much to be desired. Dark, bitter, much like Starbucks latte.A great study spot!! As a student that's always on the lookout for new cafe vibes to study in around Center City, I'm always delighted in finding a place that fits all my needs! I downloaded the Parliament app and got a free flat white! It was really well made...there's also sparkling and still water on tap with mason jars for you to sip on if you finish your coffee before the studying is over. They sell pastries and salad bowls, but I haven't tried either of those yet. They're quite busy usually, and most people are there to do work, but if you get there early, it's easy to snag a seat and plop yourself down all day to get some serious stuff done. Also, there's a chicken & rice food truck right outside, so if you find yourself hungry for lunch and a salad isn't cutting it, the chicken & rice could help! Definitely will be back to try some of their other things.First off, they have great coffee. Like really good. Offered in light roast and dark roast, so they can please everyone and aren't being pretentious. Also, the food here is good. I tried the curry chicken wrap, which was great. Their pastries look off the chain, especially the Nutella hazelnut croissant, though I haven't tried them. Most of all, the service here is unparalleled. Everyone who works here is super friendly and helpful. 
I also really love La Colombe, which is across the street. LC doesn't have WiFi, which I completely understand--it means you get more of a social atmosphere and people actually talking to one another. But when I need someplace to work in the area, it's Parliament, for all the reasons listed above.I came here and got a coffee. It was good but hotter than your average coffee so I had to get ice. They didn't have simple syrup at the cream and sugar station, which I would have liked. I did love the space though - it's very big and there's plenty of tables for working.This coffee shop is the most adorable place with such a welcoming atmosphere. I came here to meet a friend on Bumble and felt totally at ease. We had the best time chatting and sipping coffee on the comfy cushioned chairs by the window. I totally recommend you sit here, and order the Chai Latte! :)I wanted to like Parliament badly. And there are a lot of things to like: the free and accessible sparkling and/or still water, the amble amount of seating and the chill ambience, perfect for studying/lounging. However, the drinks here aren't my personal favorites in terms of the latte. On both occasions, once chai and the second plain almond milk latte, the lattes seemed water down and one dimensional.Parliament is a fantastic coffee shop. Great location, spacious, comfortable. It has delicious food choices, including low carb food choices. The coffee is delectable. But it is the friendly and welcoming staff that makes this coffee shop the best in the area. I work right next door and one morning forgot my wallet. They very kindly gave me my coffee for free. There are a lot of choices for coffee in this area, including right across the street, but Parliament is nicer, roomier, tastier than any others.no complaints about the coffee or shop setup, which is all good. but the music is pretty horrid. loud and distracting 80s pop. i'm sure it varies day to day or maybe dependent on the shift but it was pretty bad while i was studying there.One of my favorite coffee spots in Center city. I love their hot Mocca in the morning and have almost had enough for a free drink. Good food too. 
If you can get there early enough, try to grab the comfy seats in the far corner by the window. Best seats in the house!Parliament is a great addition to my coffee shop search around Center City.  It has prime location, especially this time of year, right across from the glorious Christmas market at Dilworth. 
Inside is very spacious, with a cool industrial yet comfortable vibe with plenty of seating. 
The coffee drinks are good, and served in big bowl-like mugs (my favorite!) The food is great too! The croissant was light and flaky, served warm. The breakfast sandwiches are another great great. We had a turkey sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich on a biscuit which was very flavorful. I would definitely have this sandwich again. 
Next time I'm looking for a coffee shop to spend my morning, Parliament will definitely be an option.I've been here a couple of times and have had good coffee, friendly service, and always an open seat.  They have lots of outlet and its very airy.  They offer both tap still water and tap sparkling water.  The pastries are worth a try if you are hungry too!  
Overall a nice coffee shop.  It has a mobile app if you want to order on your way in and they have a frequent coffee card.No major complaints or reasons why you shouldn't visit. Plenty of space for people to hang it and/or work, however much of the seating is affected by the draft from the constant opening and closing of the doors (I happened to visit on a chilly/rainy day). Service was great and I got my latte (no complaints!) super quick. I would say this is better for a grab and go or a business meeting or friendly gathering rather than a sit and read/study/work.I wandered into Parliament one Saturday afternoon about 2pm. The place was pretty full of people and there was a bit of a line. After I got my bearings of the place, I ordered a cappuccino and waited for a seat to open. There were some nice larger tables, some small tables, and some stools that lined the front window, where I wound up claiming a seat. There is power outlets and USB ports available to charge your devices and relax for a bit as well. 
Overall the cappuccino was delicious. The staff was very nice too. I went back up and got a croissant and it was flaky, and a really nice snack. The side table where you pick up your beverages can get a little confusing if there are a lot of people waiting for drinks, but it isn't too bad. 
I'll probably go back early a few times during the week, and relax. It is a really nice environment and they offer free water you can get towards the front of the place either still or sparkling.Ritual is offering $1 iced coffees for the next week, and Parliment is one of the locations that is participating in the offer, so I decided to check them out. 
They aren't too far from work, but it was definitely a bit of a hike (probably about five blocks or so). I love the ambiance of the coffee shop, the seating, the spacious environment, and the marquee lights are adorable! I approached the counter to speak with the barista and tell her I was here to pick up my order. I saw a coffee at the end of the table a couple feet down, and I assumed that was for me, but I wasn't sure (especially because I've never been there before).
The barista at the counter saw me but continued to keep her head down, I told her I was here to pick up my order, she walked down to the end to point to my coffee. I then said "I also need the Nutella croissant". She was like "Oh right... yes... of course." And then she packaged it up and handed it to me. I thanked her, but she didn't reply back. I just thought she had a slight bit of an attitude (even though there wasn't many people in there, and no one behind me). 
I asked for a decaf iced latte made with skim milk and added caramel shot. My coffee tasted HORRIBLE up until I had only 1/4 left (then it tasted sweet). So I guess the barista just didn't stir up the coffee. As for the nutella croissant, it was too salty for my liking, and I really didn't taste the nutella. (Which is a shame, it looks very pretty and everyone seems to purchase it).I came here a few times, once to try it out and another for the Yelp Check-In to Check-Out Event, this is a cute local coffee shop.  
I have felt mixed reviews with the customer service here, for the most part that everyone is very nice and friendly, with an occasional exception, lol!  I was made to feel guilty for patronizing another local coffee shop which didn't sit well with me, but other baristas have been very friendly.  
The Yelp Event was lots of fun!  I did really enjoy the pastry, coffee, but I did feel that things were a little awkward with the technological end and I think they wanted me to just hangout- I had to eventually leave for work.  It might have made more sense to have resolved the technical glitches in advance...either way, I appreciate the free pastry, beverage and it was nice to spend some time in a cute coffee shop!  
The pastries, baked goods, coffee, tea have all been very good!  The warm ambiance and relaxing environment is a nice welcoming change to recharge your cell phone batteries or just catch up on reading, meeting with friends at one of the communal coffee tables.  The price is a little steep- $8 for a beverage, pastry and a small bag of cookies seems perhaps a tad expensive?  
I do really like this adorable coffee shop!  Very cute, friendly staff, I very respectfully give 4 stars but hope to have a chance to give 5!A cold day, and needed coffee that wasn't starbucks.  Found Parliament on the walk to work. . .was going to go to another place. . but this place was close / well reviewed
I got a amazing latte and a Nutella croissant.  This is what I wanted. . .a carefully roasted and great tasting espresso in a smooth foam and milk. I do not know how starbucks consistently screws this up. . .
So skip that starbucks and try Parliament.  The shop also has a nice comfortable seating area with plenty of communal tables.Excellent latte! One of the best coffee I've had this side of Center City! I wish the staff were a bit friendlier but they were all right. It's more about the coffee, right?3 stars.
The coffee is good and the service is friendly so I don't want to dock points for that.  The atmosphere is welcoming and there is always a place to sit.  That being said it's quite expensive and slow.  Not many people were in there at 8am on a weekday considering it's prime location can tell you something.  Great place if you want to have your drink or meal there.  Not so much if you're on the go (without downloading an app which I refuse to do).I came here a few times, once to try it out and another for the Yelp Check-In to Check-Out Event, you can see my more positive review there.  As much I like this coffee shop, think it's cute, sweet, fun, I just have left a few times with a bit of a bitter taste in my mouth.
The first time I checked it out, the super over the top zealous barista was super eager to win me over, and I could tell she was trying hard, eager to please me but where she lost me was when I thought I rather innocently said that I like Starbucks.  Her retort of - "Starbucks!  We're waaayy better than Starbucks!!!"  I stopped listening at that moment and was, rather turned off, being actually a little offended.  This response has been bothering me and had kept me from returning.
The Yelp Event was lots of fun!  I did really enjoy the pastry, coffee, but I did feel that things were a little awkward with the technological end and I think they wanted me to just hangout- I had to eventually leave for work.  It might have made more sense to have resolved the technical glitches in advance...
The pastries, baked goods, coffee, tea have all been very good!  The warm ambiance and relaxing environment is a nice welcoming change to recharge your cell phone batteries or just catch up on reading, meeting with friends at one of the communal coffee tables.  The price is a little steep- $8 for a beverage, pastry and a small bag of cookies seems perhaps a tad expensive?
I do really like this adorable coffee shop!  Very cute, friendly staff, I very respectfully give 4 stars but hope to have a chance to give 5!Right by city hall, this was the perfect Saturday afternoon coffee shop to work and study at! My latte was delicious, the staff was friendly, and I had the perfect spot by the window looking straight out to city hall (also right by an outlet). The whole space is super open and bright, so no worries about being cramped in a corner without a table.
Would definitely love to come back to try out that Nutella croissant everyone was raving about. Skip Starbucks and head over to Parliament, you won't be disappointed!Had a flat white which was a fun treat. Had a good variety of snacks, low and high carb and was a chill place to sit for part of the morning and chat with friends. Appeared to have WiFi and was pleasantly quiet with nice employees.Quite honestly don't know what I did before I knew this place existed. Hands down one of my favorite places to do work. The music is absolute fire (I don't even put headphones in), they have legit options for food which are relatively healthy, and the staff? amazing. Oh and $1 refills. 
PRO TIP: don't go anywhere elseGreat coffee shop with superb coffee, good prices, ample seating, tons of outlets, good music, and a nice selection of food choices. They also have an app where you can order and pay ahead of time and pick up your order with no wait. 
I don't know how I didn't see this coffee shop sooner since I've walked past it numerous times, but I discovered it through Yelp when looking for coffee shops near me. There is free WiFi and there are plenty of tables and outlets and people on laptops, so it's the perfect place to sit down for a couple hours and get some work done. It seems to be a very popular business meeting place too. 
The interior is very spacious with different seating options and the vibe is nice. I don't get a hipster or pretentious vibe from this place, which is something I try to avoid in coffee shops. 
They don't have a huge selection of flavored lattes or a giant menu, but their coffee and lattes are delicious and the prices are reasonable. They also have self-serve still or sparkling water on tap. There is a small selection of lunches and a pretty big pastry selection.I love Parliament! I used to live in the complex right next to the coffee shop. Wish it had opened sooner. Here is why I love Parliament.
1) Spacious: it's nice to be in a coffee shop where we all aren't on top of each other. My fiancé likes it too since he was able to have his own area to do some work as he is a student. 
2) Drinks: I have gotten their regular coffee & also a soy chai. The regular coffee was smooth and didn't disappoint. The chai was nice and spicy and sweet as Well.
3) Punch card system: I like this system. Makes me wanna come here more and I like that I can get a free drink.
4) Free water: This is similar to La Colombe & I am here for it!! 
5) Great staff :)Finally got the Nutella danish that has been taunting me from the pictures posted on Yelp. There's toasted hazelnuts sprinkled on top and I can taste some salt on top too. However to be honest it's too dry and the Nutella is not much . The place itself has plenty of seatings.I couldn't be happier to have Parliament as a new addition to the neighborhood. It's an excellent place to stop for a morning coffee and a bite and has a nice atmosphere if you need a place to settle in and do some work. The lattes are great and I already feel like a regular after just a few visits because the manager (the one with the curly hair) is so bright and friendly! I'll definitely be back!They take your name but call the food order out instead. Everyone run over to see if that's your bagel! Cashier was not an active listener or responder to questions, not sure why she seemed distracted as it wasn't so busy.Theee people are incompetent. The people aren't but their system doesn't work. Mediocre coffee and food and snarky college students inexpertly Manning the counter.I am beginning this review by saying I am not an avid coffee drinker but the urge hits me once in a while for small latte. And who cannot appreciate a good cup of hot chocolate, tea and yummy pastries? Not to mention the assortment of fresh sandwiches and salads and fiber juices. Parliament (Espresso and Coffee) offers a nice alternative to La Colombe across the street. Sweet baristas and great atmosphere makes this place a great spot. Another plus its across from the beautiful Christmas lights at Dilworth Plaza. Enjoy the scenery!I can't say enough good things about this place. The drinks are fantastic, the food is good, and the vibe is unbeatable. Located in the heart of center city with floor to ceiling windows, it's the perfect spot to people watch, cozy up with a good book, or buckle down for the long haul. There are plenty of outlets, ample seating, and clean bathrooms. One of my favorite details about this place is that they have sparkling and regular water on tap, free of charge, and adorable mason jars to drink out of (it's the little things). One thing I would recommend is bringing a sweater because it tends to get a little chilly, but that's a coffeeshop staple for those who go as often as I do!When I first started coming to this coffee shop I loved it, particularly because it had such a good selection of food...something other local coffee shops do not have.  Unfortunately, recently I have been disappointed.  They have paired down the food selection to a fraction of what it was and often the prepared food case is empty.  
They used to have a muesli that I loved.  They used to have several salad and sandwich choices at lunch, now you are lucky if there is one sandwich and/or salad selection in the case.   Some days they have bananas...some days they don't.  They used to have an iced Rooibos tea (their only non-caffeinated tea) in the ready to go case.  Now if I want it I have to wait for them to brew one. 
I still like the shop, but now I find myself going to other area coffee shops more often. It's sad, as they paired down the selection and that was the one thing that made them stand out form the rest and be unique! 
And lastly, I downloaded their app so I could order ahead but I find that a joke since it lists all the food they no longer make.  They have 6 sandwich choices, 5 salads...they even still have my muesli listed.  They NEVER have even a quarter of what they have listed on the Order Ahead app in the shop.  Nobody must use the app, otherwise they would be having a lot of irritated customers going to pick up coffee & food only to find they don't carry what they ordered.  Seriously?  If you are not going to carry the food anymore, at least update your app. Otherwise, why have one at all.Good working spot near city hall. Wifi, plugs, coffee.This is my favorite style of coffee shop.  It has ample seating, from tables to lounge chairs, to enjoy a good quality cup of coffee in a uniquely styled setting.  
The drink selection is fantastic.  In addition to great coffee they also have a wide variety of iced teas that are made in-house and presented in the fridge to the side of the register.  Both still and sparkling water are available for free and the bathrooms are easily accessible.  
The central location and overall style and comfort make this a go-to spot for me.I stopped here instead of Starbucks because I was starving and was desperate for coffee, so getting off the train this was the first place I saw. I also liked the decor and there weren't many people so I was a able fine a nice corner to sit and eat. I ordered a latte and a bagel. The bagel was overly toasted to the point I could not finish eating it. The latte was ok, nothing special. I wouldn't be returning but if you aren't picky and are looking for a nice place to sit in the heart of the city, this is it.Wellllllllll. It started as a few day process trying to get here with a car, as parking is awful. Especially to and from work in rush hour. But I really wanted to try this place. So I took a risk and drove by and illegally parked in a loading zone (when did the city insist you need a loading permit to park there? gah)
Anyways I didn't get a ticket so that was good. 
I ordered the mocha with almond milk and it was good but not hot at all. Warm. But that's not the temperature I want at first sip as it only gets colder. I was rushing out the door so no time to ask to heat it up and of course upon further reading you'll see I wouldn't dare stay longer to reheat drink. I microwaved it when I got to work. 
I got a Nutella twisty croissant like thing. It was kind of dryish - a bit crunchy. Perhaps not baked that day, or maybe over baked? I don't know. It just wasn't what i was hoping - Not the moist flaky soft pastry I was thinking, being called a croissant and all. 
Also the service was weird. There were 3 people behind the counter and then 4 as another got called over, and it seemed to get rapidly chaotic and confusing as one woman seemed to be very jittery, overwhelmed and stressed (there was only me and one other person in line at the time) and started barking orders at the 2 girls who started to get more stressed and confused and I was asked 3 times if I had been helped and 2 different people took my order, one for the pastry one for the drink that took 5 minutes before it was started and was stopped half way through to yell at someone in the back, and finally someone rang me up and it sort of melted down Into more chaos as 2 more customers trickled in. 
So. A bit of a let down on all fronts.Great coffee shop with superb coffee, good prices, ample seating, tons of outlets, good music, and a nice selection of food choices. They also have an app where you can order and pay ahead of time and pick up your order with no wait. 
I don't know how I didn't see this coffee shop sooner since I've walked past it numerous times, but I discovered it through Yelp when looking for coffee shops near me. There is free WiFi and there are plenty of tables and outlets and people on laptops, so it's the perfect place to sit down for a couple hours and get some work done. 
The interior is very spacious with different seating options and the vibe is chill. I don't get a hipster or pretentious vibe from this place, which is something I try to avoid in coffee shops. 
They don't have a huge selection of flavored lattes or a giant menu, but their coffee and lattes are delicious so I don't think they need a novel-sized menu, and the prices are reasonable. They also have self-serve still or sparkling water on tap, which is really nice.If coffee is essential ingredients in your life, then you'll be hooked on Parliament's amazing and thoughtfully-sourced coffee and espresso drinks. Don't miss their signature flat white! It's made from a family-run farm in Nicaragua. In fact, their coffee beans comes from one man called Henry Hueck - Check out the mural dedicated to telling his story inside the cozy shop.
I've been to Parliament's location in Charlotte, and I loved it. Rumor has it, their Philadelphia location is now open on 15th st., across from Dilworth Park and City Hall. 
Other than coffee, Parliament offers a selection of house made breakfast items pastries, breakfast sandwiches and salads- gluten free pastry is available as well.
Try this coffee with pastry parings: 
Brownie/ dark coffee, classic palmier/ latte, chocolate croissant/ macchiato, and/or Nutella croissant/ flat white.
P.S: Get a FREE flat white when you download the app.
Five Yelps.Now, this place is pretty much brand new. I'll be interested to see how it fairs literally feet away from La Colombe, a block and a half away from Bluestone and Starbucks all over the place.
The space is pretty decent. The staff was nice enough, but it just wasn't original at all to me. You can order through an app (Starbucks?) and they have a water station with still and sparkling water (La Colombe?). The coffee was ok and price was what you expect for the area. 
All in all, a fine experience, but not outstanding.This is a review for the space in general and not for the coffee/pastries. I got a ginger lemon tea while I was there, which was great, but I was really just looking for a place to get some work done. 
As other reviews have mentioned, there are plenty of seating options and a lot of outlets, which are a necessity for me, as all of my work is done on my computer. The wifi was strong the entire time, and the space wasn't super loud. It seemed to be a popular choice for people to meet up - I saw a number of coffee chats happening while I was there for an afternoon. The water station with sizable mason jars is also very much appreciated. I drink a lot of water while I work, so it's nice that I don't have to constantly be getting up to refill my mason jar. 
I did notice that the refrigerated section of goods to buy was a little empty, but perhaps that was because I arrived there after lunch, and they'd already been cleaned out. 
Overall, I would definitely recommend Parliament as a coffee shop to meet up with people or to do some work.Easily one of my favorite coffee shops in the city. I love the space - lots of seating between the picnic tables near the register, plus the stand alone tables scattered along the back wall and throughout the main floor. 
Employees are always really pleasant. The last time I was there, the music was all old school stuff like Frank Sinatra - I loved it because it was so different from what you typically get at a coffee shop. The crowd is always really diverse which I like as well. You have your students but also your professional types. 
I love the Americanos and the pastry selection is excellent. They have a savory pastry with goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes and spinach that is absolute perfection. I also dig that they have a cold case of to-go beverages and meal options for eating in or taking on the run. Finally, major props for the still and sparkling water station, with actual water glasses, instead of the shot glasses most coffee shops provide. 
See you again soon, Parliament!I'm always looking for a great cafe and I'm so happy to welcome Parliament to the neighborhood! 
Ambiance - airy, funky, great vibes. There are people chatting and sipping coffee and typing away on their laptops. 
Service- awesome! Everyone was super friendly and happy to recommend food/drink items. The barista also makes a mean latte. 
Food- I grabbed a Nutella croissant. Flaky, good Nutella flavor, overall delish and pairs beautifully with coffee. 
Drink- I got a caramel latte with almond milk. Typically, cafes make it super watery or bitter or too sweet. The latte at Parliament was seriously perfect. Sweet, not too sweet. Tasted awesome. 
Overall, really pleased with my experience at Parliament and would recommend anyone to go check it out!I had been dying to check this place out since the week it opened and I finally got a chance to just recently. My grandma was visiting from out of town so when trying to find a coffee shop for my mom and I to meet her, I suggested we check out Parliament. 
We walked in during the early afternoon to quite a few patrons. There is such a large space and lots of seating, so luckily, we didn't have any trouble snagging a table!
After skimming through the menu, we all made our beverage selections: regular coffee for my aunt, an earl grey tea for my mom, and a chai latte for me. We also got a hazelnut and Nutella croissant and white chocolate and cranberry scone to share. 
I thought my chai latte was good. Although there wasn't anything extraordinarily special about it, I liked it. The white chocolate and cranberry scone was alright. I couldn't really taste any white chocolate in it and it was a bit dry. The croissant definitely stole the show - it was fantastic! Flaky and buttery with the perfect amount of Nutella; sweet without being overpowering. 
More than the coffee/tea and baked goods, Parliament won me over because of the vibe and atmosphere. I love how homely and spacious it is. Even though my group was there to just chat and catch up, there were plenty of people there to do work (free WiFi), some with their phones out possibly doing some web surfing or social media browsing, and even one sitting on a comfy chair with a book and cozy throw. I love places like this where you can feel right at home! Also, brownie points for very reasonably priced coffee and pastries!
I have a feeling I'll be returning to Parliament again very soon. Whether to do work or just to get some coffee and relax - this is the exact kind of place I want to be!