We have been going here for food and beer for a while, but will no longer bring our business to Pasqually's.  The owners allow a loud group of day workers to take over their joint several days a week to the point of fighting and breaking beer bottles.  Since complaining to the owners has brought no change, we will go elsewhere.People seem to love this place for its beer selection.  The two times I've been in here I've been skeeved out to the max.  One time I swear there was the worst dressed pimp of all time and two of his workers.  
Places like this should be closed, they're just fronts for liquor stores, their food is inedible.  Yes, it is nice to get a six pack for cheap. No, I wouldn't want one of these in my neighborhood.  
Gotta agree with aaron ...avoid.Ordered a bacon cheeseburger from here earlier today. First off, it was $10 including the cost of a side of fries, which was steep. I wouldn't have really cared if the food was good, but it sucked. The patty was overcooked and was like rubber, while the bacon was under-cooked. Also the lettuce was wilted af. And they used mozzarella instead of yellow cheese. Like, wtf. Just terrible. I threw it away after three bites. And the fries sucked as well. I should have went to McDonald's.Great place to go to if you're looking for a good slice of pizza. The owner and staff are very nice people. Their seafood pizza and whole wings are amazing. There 's also a great selection of specialty and limited edition beers. I would recommend anyone in the area to check it out.Wow! A really nice pizza place just one block away from where I live..how did I not try it before?! Oh well better late than never. 
My husband and I ordered a take out from here recently. We got a large Greek delite pizza and a side of jalapeño poppers. It took about 20 mins to get the order ready for our pick up. The poppers were tasty, not too spicy but the flavor was good..they came with a tomato/marinara sauce. The pizza was absolutely delicious. I have a minor issue that they probably forgot to add salt to our pizza (I usually very less salt in my food so it was strange that I found it low). 
Although we didn't pick up any drinks, we noticed they have a pretty good selection of beers. We have always shopped for beer at Local 44 but it is good to know that there is an alternative in the area. May be we will try it next time.Spoke to owner on phone, I was struggling to find a menu online. He pointed me to grubhub to find the menu. I ordered the chicken parm over spaghetti, a chicken salad sandwich, and a grilled chicken gyro. I was feeling hungry ;)
The chicken parm had a good sauce. The chicken was tasty, but it looked of rather low quality (think 1999 McDonald's Chicken McNugget). The gyro was overfilled with the sauce - it was dripping everywhere. and the chicken that was used on that similarly looked ... fake. It tasted okay, but within 30 minutes I did not feel.
I see why this place has such high reviews - food tastes good (least the chicken parm did); and my order was ready within 15 minutes - impressive.
But the food quality, in my opinion, is really poor. 
I will not return.Grabbed some pizza here once, it sucked, the people seemed nice, the booze seems to be the main focus and the selection of it was huge. 
So 1 star cause the pizza made my gf nauseous, but if you want decent cheap booze check it out, and if you have a crazy craving for funnel cake you can get a fix here.My friends and I ended up at Pasqually's this Sunday after finding Local 44 too crowded to move and EVERYTHING ELSE in the neighborhood (Dock St, Cafe Saigon, that diner place on 44th and Walnut) closed. Luckily for us, Pasqually's is open until midnight, making it a default stop for hooligans and hoodlums looking for late-night food and booze.
The food and booze isn't bad. There's an impressive selection of 40s (I got the Troegenator, a delicious double-bock with 8% alcohol, for just $5.50!) and a gigantic cheese steak (enough for 2 people!) for about $7. It certainly wasn't anything special, but it was good enough. My friend Dan got a chicken cheese steak with "the works" -- apparently the works include lettuce, banana peppers, and Thousand Island dressing. Bizarre, but not terrible.
The tables are covered with "vintage" ads from the '80s and '90s -- i can't tell if this is for kitsch factor, or if they just haven't been updated in a LOOOONG time. I suspect the latter. There's also a few arcade games that seem straight out of 1989, and a kinda sketchy crew of hoodlums sprawled out on the booths, paper bag 40s glued to their lips. These hoodlums later displayed their impressive manliness by one after another, PEEING WITH THE BATHROOM DOOR OPEN while the rest of the clientele looked on in horror.  So. gross.
Overall, I felt ok chilling at Pasqually's with my three male friends to protect me from sketch-tards, but would probably never come back here alone. Unless I was trapped in West Philly at night and needed a quick 40 and a cheese steak in which case...well, call ahead so it's ready when you get there, and split.I've never had the food here although I should, but they do have a very good take out selection and for a reasonably cheap price.  I'll update if I ever eat here.I was pleasantly surprised with my gluttonous, late night Italian hoagie from Pasqually's. It was one of those days. It had rained, I had missed my chance to get dinner. I was feeling a little whiny as the clock turned 9:00 pm, and based on a recommendation, I decided to drive around the corner to Pasqually's. I ordered the regular sized Italian, which was generous to say the least. I was disappointed to see that it was cold because hoagie, to me at least, means hot. 
It takes a lot for me to want a cold sandwich, but this Italian was something special. Banana peppers littered throughout, stock Italian dressing, and the piece de resistance: sweet pickles lining the base of the hoagie roll. 
I will be returning to Pasqually's for two reasons. 1. Their full and reasonably priced beer selections. 2. If the rest of their hoagies are anything like their Italian, then I'm in for some delicious sandwiches in my very near future.The pizza is adequate for the price point. Their beer selection, is what brings me back to this place time and time again. Their staff is pleasant enough, and they have convenient bike parking.I ordered a chicken parm for lunch and it was awesome.  The bread was crispy and toasted, there was plenty of cheese and sauce, and the chicken was really good with a great crispy exterior.  Two thumbs up for sure-- especially the size for the price.  Highly recommended.So I don't particularly enjoy Pasqually's pizza. And I've never tried their other food. I must say, however, their beer selection is excellent! Decent selection, good prices, and best of all, carry out!I haven't eaten anything here besides their cheese pizza and it's damn cheap.  You can get the No. 6 special, two larges, for $10-15, closer to $10.  It's very mediocre pizza, some might even call it bad relative to other places, but they're not aiming to have the best pizza so don't go in with a foodie mindset.  I think their true purpose is to provide cheap and accessible beer for college students.  Mission accomplished!
(Oh, the owners are also very nice.)Pasqually's is a small, family-owned business that is just west of the University of Pennsylvania's campus.  It's not a fancy place by any means, and some pizza snobs will gripe about the pizza here.  However, Pasqually's is perfect for what it is: a cheap, convenient, and fast pizza place.  
In addition, the family that runs Pasqually's are very friendly and seem to really care that you are happy with your dining experience.  They also have a very nice selection of beer in the place, a few outdated video games, and a collection of characters who sit around and drink beers while watching a TV that is mounted in the corner of the shop.
If you're looking for a fast and cheap pizza, with friendly people (who always seem to be smiling), this is a great place for you!cheap pizza n beer. +shady n outta the way. Thas good enough for 3stars.PASQUALLY'S SELLS FUNNEL CAKE AND IT'S AWESOME. definitely my favorite place to buy beer when i lived in west philly. 3 hurricanes for 6 bucks, 3 yuengling premium quarts for 6.50. i always thought the pizza was okay for the price. the owner is a swell guy too.After moving to Walnut Hill / West Philly the quest for my new go-to, local pizza shop began. I traveled to many locations in search of a pizza with adequate toppings, quality service, close proximity, and fair prices - none matched the quality of Pasqually's. 
The owners were there when I picked up my first pizza, and were very nice. I got there early to check out their take-out beer selection, which was surprisingly decent as well. The pizza is the standard, with a more fluffy dough, and a crisp crust.  No frills sauce and cheese, both in adequate amounts, not leaving you with miles of crust to down after questing for days to find a decent pizza.So this place saved my life.  I was loving how everything I needed was so close and convenient.  Then I began to panic about alcohol, ya know I needed a good drink.  I walk to the wine and spirits store, uh closed 5 minutes before I got there.  Shit.  University City Beverage sent me here when I asked about 40s since I didn't want an entire case.  Great selection of beer for a tiny pizza place.  Every type of 40 I could want, great cheap prices $3.25 for High Life.  Seemed to have a brief and useful selection of six packs too.  Friendly staff, quick and this place wasnt busy at all or anything so I got in and out and boy was I happy!  This will be my spot for picking up stuff for a fun night.  $7 minimum purchase to use credit cards.  Now excuse me I have the champagne of beers waiting.open on new year's day, which saved us from our hangover. we got take-out. just wanted some cheesy pizza and got a couple of smalls, one with pineapples and the other a white pizza. price was right, $4 for each small. crust was terrible. veggie options were slim pickins. probably won't make the trip back for the pizza. more impressed with the beer selection, which we'll take advantage of soon.Much beer, such pizza. Wowwww this place is the best. The staff is wonderful too!
There's also a snoop dog cutout. There are many televisions for watching and sometimes you can watch national geographic. There are also lottery tickets to buy.I love this place. I think it has the most unique tasting pizza in university city. It is so good/different and cheap! The dough is so unique and is a soft moist thin crust that is almost like a really thin muffin texture but still firm and crispy enough so you can hold it and eat it as a slice. Their white pizza is delicious! Wings are really good too. Hands down, their philly cheesesteak eggrolls are the best ever.... EVER!!!!  Overall, their prices can't be beat. The owners are unbelievably nice. And they have an huge beer selection with - again - great great prices. Thank you Pasqually's!Their Chicken Parm sandwich is a literal gift from god. 11/10. Screw it. 9999/10. 
Seriously they make one of the most delicious items of food I have ever had in my life, and it is always amazing. I'd suggest getting a side of ranch to dip it in.
They also have a great beer selection and amazing delivery.Excellent beer selection, filled with tons of microbrews and even some rare and exotic brews.  The owner is passionate about beer and even made a concerted effort to get the elusive Founder's Canadian Breakfast Stout available when it was released, by posting signs around the store to garner interest.  The beers are always on rotation, and it's definitely become my go-to spot for good beer since I moved to West Philly.When the beer distributor is closed, I head over to Pasqually's for a half case of Lionshead, priced around 8 bucks.  Hell yes.  And PBR?  A six pack of tallboys for $4.99.  Now that is the life.
Haven't tried the food yet, but they seem to have an extensive menu of typical pizza joint fare.Pasqually's is run by a friendly, good-natured Asian family.  It's significant that they're Asian because this place serves pizza, American fast food, and a lot of beer.  It's called Pasqually's, right?  Well, they're great people.  They let us bring our dog in, and the proprietor talked to us about the guinea pigs he keeps at home.  He even showed us pictures on his phone.
This said, the food isn't that great.  It's the right price, though, and they have an extensive menu of fast food items and pizza.  They offer an excellent selection of take-out beer, as well, and cigarettes and lottery tickets in case you have other needs in your restaurant/bar experience.
The downside to this generally fine place are the people who loiter here--because of the cheap food, beer/malt liquor, lottery tickets, etc., you can expect a different cultural experience from, say, Local 44 two blocks away.  In general, I prefer the vibe at Pasqually's more than at Local 44, but hey, I think the family are cool people and I've bought beer and food here dozens of times.  The first time we tried to tip and they refused.  That's just the kind of strange place it is.  A-OK in my book.I have ordered takeout from here a number of times. From the chicken parm pasta platter to a burger with fries they have a nice array of options... The food is not that memorable but I'm just grateful I didn't get food poisoning as I have had happen to me in the past with these sorts of venues. Overall I give them 4 stars for the convenience of being able to get a hoagie with fries and a slice of cheesecake all under one roof. Additionally they offer online ordering through seamless and delivery was faster than I was originally told. Combine that with the fact that they are open later than a lot of other venues in UC and all in all a win!Beverage only review.  This place has the best bottle shop and the most reasonable prices of anywhere in the city.  I have walked past here a million times without ever realizing the craft brewed greatness behind their doors. The only place I have found cheaper six packs is outside of the city.  Sorry everywhere else, Pasqually's is the best.
You can only use your card if you spend $10+.Beer beer beer beer beer.
I've never had the pizza here, but I'm reviewing this place on their beer selection and their beer PRICES.  This is simply the best place I've found yet in West Philly.  The selection isn't the biggest around (try Local 44's newly opened bottle room--amazing, and prices only a small amount higher) but the selection is pretty good and the prices are the best I've been able to find.  They sell quite a few individual bottles, and they have enough of my all-time favorite microbrews (read, Great Lakes, and a few others) to keep me happy.
I wonder how some of the other beer places around can survive with this place in the same neighborhood, undercutting their prices.NO NO NO... The place is affordable and open until late night nothing else better to say about this place. Went first time and ordered 2 cheese slices of pizza and onion rings.. Well pizza was microwaved .. The sauce has made the slice  moist and softened bcz it was covered with cheap tomato sauce and the frozen onion rings were over fried.. Please look ur self I am uploading the pic. Good for beer lovers since they can come in late and buy beer!!! I do not recommend this cheap place at all.Without question, order from here.
They recently removed themselves off of GrubHub because they now have their own state-of-the-art online ordering system. Use it. It's easy, it's intuitive, it's clean looking and not confusing!
The owner always delivers to us. He is always happy to see us. He is always very friendly. He's just a great guy!
I've never received bad food from this place. I do prefer their pizza to other establishments. The crust is always baked well. The ingredients - you can tell - are fresh and don't seem to ever be frozen.I order from here pretty regularly. Food is great and always delivered fast and the delivery drivers are friendly. They are also a lot cheaper than many other pizza places in the area.This is a nice and casual place. Very clean and friendly. The most important is they have many wine and beer options! I tried their chicken platter and pizza and that is much better than the other one on the Baltimore Ave. Pizza and fries are very tasty. I definitely will be back and enjoy the food and beers!I only speak from my experience of ordering delivery from this location. The pizza crust was obviously not made on location, and was most likely bought frozen and reheated. The crust was dry and flavorless. You get what you pay for I suppose. I do not know what the actual location is like.Let me preface this by saying that, no, this is not a "5 star restaurant," despite my rating. But for what it is, it is amazing. You don't go into this kind of joint looking for fine aged goat cheese flatbread with truffle oil on it. You probably shouldn't even expect most things to not be frozen. But this is by and away the best option for when you want a greasy, cheap pizza, or some surprisingly good wings.
The prices are also very reasonable for how much food you get. I often have a hard time meeting the 10 dollar credit card minimum for purchasing in the store... But then look to the massive selection of beer and walk away more than happy. The prices are as good as you'll find in the area, and you can also buy singles if you like. They also now do mix sixers.
The gentleman who I believe owns the place is very kind and will remember you if you become a regular (which I certainly have). If this is the kind of food you're looking for, this is the spot for you, by and away. Just don't go in looking for Michelin star rated pizza.Disclaimer: I've only ever gotten beer here. The selection is large, the prices are reasonable and better than other local shops, and the employees are very friendly and knowledgeable on the beers they have in stock.In response to the opening of Local 44's bottle shop, Pasqually's has increased their beer selection by at least 50%.  If you haven't been there since before April 2012, you owe it to your self to stop in again.  Now, I'm only talking about beer selection here, but I think it's absolutely the best compromise in West Philly.  I say "compromise" because they don't carry the absolute highest-end stuff that Local 44 does, but what beers the two locations have in common, Pasqually's is definitely cheaper.  And they now carry a large line of beers by Stone, Great Lakes, Samuel Smith, even St. Bernarndus.  And the best part is, the couple behind the counter is super, super nice and helpful.  Dude treats me really well, suggests stuff, etc.  Judging by my credit card statements, I'm a big Local 44 fan.  But unless you're looking for a $34 bottle from Belgium, Pasqually's should probably be your go-to.Don't know how I would have gotten through college without Pasqually's.  Ordered at least 3 times a month via campusfood.com.  In my opinon, Pasqually's is the best at everything except pizza in university city; I love their wings, cheesesteaks are great, and gotta have the cheesesteak egg rolls!  The pizza is ok, but it makes up for it in being super cheap.  Great online combo specials with campusfood as well.Their food is tastier than Evans (also doesn't hurt my stomach in an hour), and their beer is cheaper. Plenty of room to sit, plenty of beer and wine selections. Never had a bad experience. Pasqually's is good stuff. And the people at the counter are always super nice.I did not know this place existed forever!!! I wish I had known sooner. Awesome food and some of the best take out beer selection in West Philadelphia!!!! They even got in our favorite beer apoun request Unita's Baba!!!Pasqually's is good. I ordered a large Chicken Parmigiana sandwich. It was enormous. Seriously, it approached 18" long. It was a little messy, but it tasted phenomenal. The bread was nice and crispy, there was lots of cheese, and a good amount of sauce. I also ordered Mega Fries. I was a little disappointed with these in regards to the amount of cheese. But judging from the picture that's posted on here, the lack of cheese on my fries might just be an exception to the norm. Other than getting skimped on the cheese, these were good. Though their pizza doesn't get raving reviews, I'm anxious to try it. If the pizza's no good, I will undoubtedly still order from Pasqually's because there are plenty of other tasty options.What I like about Pasqually's:
1) GREAT beer selection. So many to choose from and reasonably priced.
2) I like their pizza and I like their crust and it's not too greasy. I wasn't a fan of their pasta actually.
3) I frequently call for takeout and their food is ready within 10 minutes for pickup.
4) I like their salads, very fresh! All their food is good and reasonably priced.
5) The owners are very nice.I wanted to like it. The portions are big, the people are nice, and it was well-prepared, the ingredients were just not high-quality. I wish I could give 3.4 stars.It was my first time ordering from this place. And the food came very quickly!! But, now I wish they would take it back just as quickly. I ordered the fettuccini Alfredo with chicken. The sauce was already molded together right on top, was not mixed in with the noodles. Speaking of the Alfredo sauce, it was like eating air. Zero taste what so ever. Now, about the chicken, or should I say the slices of undercooked rubber? I wasn't a fan. In fact, I spit it out after attempting to chew it. Maybe, I'll try something else next time. 
Oh, and the French fries were good!HA!!!!! 5 bucks for a 4 pack of tall boys. Fckin yes! Inexpensive hoagies that border delicious. They have a better cheese steak than some of the big names here. Good turkey hoagie too. The pizza is bad, but hey, almost all the pizza in philly is. I like this little spot and I like the folks who run it. They get my business.because i'm a tired grad student who also works, i've been bad and ordering delivery for the last few weeks (even though i went grocery shopping today, i just couldn't get myself to cook anything). i had a craving for some fried chicken so decided to try this place.
food arrived a little later than expected but not terribly late - still within an hour. so what i ordered - their 4 piece fried chicken plate that comes with a side of fries, lettuce and tomatoes. i also ordered a side of coleslaw and jalapeno poppers.
portions are huge! and they're not stingy with their extras like sauces. the coleslaw and fries are ok...i've had better but again, they're not terrible. i still ate them. the fried chicken is on-point! so damn good and the jalapeno poppers were also yummy. 
i love that they deliver and their prices aren't crazy high. the delivery guy was nice and friendly. i'll def be ordering from them again!Ordered delivery on a Monday night and we will absolutely be doing it again! No hassle phone order (veggie pizza, add jalapenos). A large cost us ~$17 and we had enough for lunch the next day (read: the bf had enough for lunch the next day bc he stole the leftovers...smh). 
Pizza wasn't spectacular, as in we've both had better pizza BUT for the speed, the price and ease of ordering, we will definitely be ordering from Pasqually's again on a lazy night in.Best beer selection in West Philly with great owners. The man that runs the place is genuinely interested in helping customers and is just a really cool dude. He's knowledgeable about all of the beer he sells, but not snobbishly so. He's also offered to order beers just for me if I had a taste for something not already present in his selection of over 400 different craft beers. 
I've had food here too and it's exactly what you'd expect from this place, which is by no means a problem to me.
Just a great family-owned business that is kind and fair to regulars and new customers alike. It's unfortunate that more places aren't run like this, but that's part of what makes Pasqually's special.Decent place to get a meal. Came here twice at night with a big group and got the chicken parm both times. The ambiance is super casual and they also offer a large selection on beers. 
The food tasted quite good and the portions/price made it even better. It's nothing fantastic but there's nothing to complain about. 
While the staff was generally friendly, I felt they weren't the best at dealing with large groups. On the first day they forgot my order and I had to wait for food while everybody else already had theirs. While the food came out pretty fast, it was still annoying. They would also do things like not bring enough eating utensils or water,  etc. 
Overall this is a pretty good place to go, perhaps not in a huge group though. I would also suggest taking advantage of their take out.Average to above average food but an excellent spot to pick up a decent 6 pack.  By my estimation they have about 100 different types of beer from PBR to Dogfish Head to Rogue to Chimay.  Add in some friendy service and Pasqually's gets 4 stars from me.First ever food review for me. I had the cravings for pizza and beer one night and decided to stop into Pasqually's, where hundreds of beer selections are available (not your standard Corona or Coors Light varieties). I usually stop in to buy my favorite beer, Victory DirtWolf, and discovered that their food is just as excellent as the beer. Everything I've ordered from here, whether it's been pepperoni pizza, French fries, or a cheesesteak, has not disappointed. The ingredients are fresh, abundant, and flavorful. Stop in, ask for a beer recommendation based on your tastes (read above), your favorite food, and prepare to be impressed. The prices are fair making this spot one of the best in Philly. And I've been to a whole lotta pizza joints. Five stars all the way.I wouldn't recommend the pizza but the beer selection makes this place a local treasure. Many of the menu items are delicious guilty pleasures including the gyro and cheese fries. Also, the owners are absolutely lovely, so I always leave feeling good about being a patron.This place is a favorite among many locals, me included. It's a family run business and the prices are reasonable. They sell food, bottled beer, and wine to eat/drink at the restaurant or to take home. The food is mainly Italian and bar food (pizzas, hoagies, pasta, fries, wings), and the beer selection is great. 
The owner has great taste in beer and really likes craft beer so he stocks a lot of small batch and seasonal beers. There's also a lot of variety in terms of types of beer (Saisons, IPAs, ciders, lambics, lagers, stouts, sours etc). That being said you still find plenty of domestics and if you walk in here around 5 on any given day, you will definitely see a local working class joe drinking a Heineken or Bud with friends.
There are bathrooms and the place is clean. The food is good but kinda varies based on what you order. I really like the hoagies but this place doesn't have a chef, so the food you get is not anything fancy. That being said the food is not the biggest reason people love this place (in my opinion). This place has a bunch of seating and a welcoming atmosphere and it's completely genuine. 
No frills, no hipster decor, or anything like that. It's just an awesome neighborhood place to split some good pizza and a six pack of great beer with friends.Where else can you find a 10 year old Asian girl standing in front of a refrigerator of beer?  This was my lasting image of this place, as it is a family run business as the father had his younger kids helping out with the orders (but not handling the beer sales).
Good selection of food, decent environment and my first introduction to West Philly....looks like a convenient place to buy 40oz also....Used to live around corner of the West Philly spot.  Decent pizza and an eclectic selection of 40 oz brews.  Ahhh to be a college student again.  Please go and see if you can beat my high score on the arcade game in there and keep this place in business.I am almost 40 years old.  I eat out more than I ought to; I should cook more at home.
I had the single worst chicken sandwich I have ever tasted in my life at Pasqually's.  Should chicken taste like sawdust?  No.
Pasqually's:  Not even once.I had a great experience here and will definitely be ordering from here in the future!
First let me start off by saying, they delivered me the wrong order -- but yet, yes I give them 4 stars, here's why. 
I ordered a chicken cheesesteak, cheesecake and mozzarella sticks ( I know, I'm fat, that's besides point). The delivery was SO fast, faster than grubhub stated it would take. I think the driver was here within 20 minutes, the fastest pizza delivery (I'm definitely never ordering from Evan's again with Pasquallys!)
Upon opening up my order -- I noticed tat my cheesesteak was BEEF and I don't eat beef. I called back apologizing, because I hate to be that person to send back an order -- but I literally don't eat red meat. They didn't make a fuss, said they would send out a new correct order. I expected to wait forever -- but wow I received my order probably within 15 minutes. Really great service -- and the chicken cheesesteak was delicious, meat tasted fresh. I wouldn't hesitate to order here again with such good food, and most importantly, GREAT service. Next pizza craving, I am 100% ordering from here.
Great job management -- you did a great job on rectifying an order, fast service. I am your new repeat customer! 
PS -- mozzarella sticks were banging, still hot and cheesy when I received it. Cheesecake, left much to be desired , that I wouldn't order again. Not cheesy enough, not cheesecake enough.I really like Pasqually's. It's the perfect place to meet friends if you want cheap food and drinks. The atmosphere of Pasqually's is liquor store meets pizza parlor. You can pay prices of liquor stores for beer and wine but also sit and drink there. Their mozz sticks and chicken nuggets are good - perfect drunk food. Also, they have the option that you can create your own 6-pack of beer (cool way to try new beers).
The people who work here are really nice and really know their beers. If you're looking for a chill place, definitely check Pasqually's out.Fast delivery great workers.. But their food is disgusting. Like barely edible... And u can't use ur card unless u order online. Food is just grossI am not exaggerating; Pasqually's is my favorite place in Philadelphia. Love to sit with a friend and talk and enjoy beers and food. Friendliest folks on the planet. Thank you Pasqually's!We had plans to go to our friends' place to hang out and realized that it would be rude to not bring anything with us, however, a thorough search of our pantry yielded nothing worth sharing.  The male of couple we were visiting loves pizza and we soon found out that it was actually the day after his birthday!  What a better way to celebrate, we thought, then to surprise order pizza.  We hoped that just when the thought struck him "You know what would be tasty right now?  PIZZA," that the pizza would arrive.
Pasqually's was offering a good deal on two large pizzas so I decided to give it a try.  We ordered a cheese and a pepperoni and both were very tasty!  I like that their crust is quite thin, which allows you to eat well over half a pizza by yourself and not feel completely ill, as I usually do when I binge on pizza.  The food came relatively quickly, which was a plus.  I would definitely eat there again!Been coming here for years, couldn't recommend it enough. Good prices, quality hoagies and pizza, and an outstanding beer selection--for both individual bottles and six-packs to-go. And the staff is BEYOND friendly. My go-to beer and sandwich stop in the neighborhood!I come out to Pasqually's with West Philly Runners every other week and they have been amazingly inviting since the first time we came in completely unannounced. Their beer prices are fantastic, pizza is delicious and very reasonably priced, and they have even been setting up a long table for us to sit together in the middle of their dining space. I can't say enough positive stuff about these guys. I highly recommend coming out to this neighborhood gem.No pizza in sight (classic spinning warmer, under the counter, anyone's table...) on a Monday night, but great selection of Seagrams Escapes AND we got to mix & match flavors in a four-pack. NCAA tournament on TVs...This is my go-to bottle shop in West Philly. The place looks really unassuming, but the beer selection is incredibly well-curated and features many local brews. Reasonable pricing, diverse crowds, and friendly service. I'll admit I've never actually gotten pizza here, but it smells amazing and somehow I've managed to get away with just getting beer here and not grabbing a slice to go with it.Pasqually's offers up consistently tasty food that won't let you down, whether you order a pizza, stromboli, gyro, hoagie, or anything else on their menu. This restaurant is family-owned; it's apparent that the owners keep a mindful eye on keeping the eating area clean as often as possible. Take e a moment to read the old newspaper print design of the tables in the dining area.
The selection of beer is a strong point. The dozens of craft, domestic, and specialty beers at low prices are immediate visible as you walk-in; the glassdoor refrigerators are stocked on the right-side of the store, and behind the order counter. Definitely take some time to browse it; for a pizza store, Pasqually's has a huge variety of beers. 
Check out the daily ("Everyday") specials in their printed menu; you may save some cash by ordering one of these specials. 
Quick Tips: The gyro platter is super-cheap and a satisfying treat whenever I'm too lazy to walk to Greek Lady. Also, a large stromboli is enough to feed two people for one night and have some left over for the next day.
Whether you are ordering for take-out or eating-in, Pasqually's is a fine fast-food establishment where the affordable prices on their foods will keep your wallet and stomach happy.Liz posted a photo that got me craving a chicken parmigiana so I found this little liquor store (lots and lots of craft beers and wines) that doubles as an Italian eatery called Pasqually's. There are lots of cheap options including a chicken parmigiana for only $7.50! I ordered that and a pretty nice serving of french fries for $2.95. Seems like a big student hangout spot and everyone seems to be having a good time.
The pizzas aren't particularly cheap (from about $9.50 to $17.95 small to large). Stromboli's are also $14.95. But there are a bunch of seafood platters under $10. They have all sorts of pastas, fried chicken (4 pieces for $7.50), buffalo wings (10 for $8.95), and lots of different appetizers. This would be a great place to come with a bunch of folks after a show (open till midnight, 11 on Sunday) especially when you want lots of different options at good prices and especially if you like to philosophize about weird pricing schemes. Perhaps stromboli is so expensive because of its affiliation with Pinocchio.
The fries are the perfect crispiness and with the parmigiana tenders, served on a toasted sub, all in all it's the sort of comfort food that could replace my old habit of eating meatball subs while watching hours and hours of Ben Hur. The parmigiana is just a little lacking in spice but I could have ordered extra tomato and hot and/or sweet pepper for fifty cents, so it's all good, and I'd love to come back with a bunch of friends!Mega fries here used floppy beef bacon and was pretty flavorless with the mozzarella version of the cheese fries. Fries were crispy, but the container was pretty empty when I picked it up. From other food here, I can tell this place is convenient, especially with the wine and beer selection, but not top quality food.We love this place.  One of the better beer selections in all of West Philly and our go to spot for pizza.  The pizza is not necessarily the best you will ever have, but it's definitely the best in our neighborhood.  They have a ton of other stuff I've always wanted to try, as well, but can't get away from the pizza.  Nice spot to have a bite inside, as well.  It's not fancy, but has this cool ambience that makes you want to stay.  Good people work there.This was our phenomenal NY style pizza! The owners were really kind and clearly know their pizza! Cute shop, loved it overall.Oh man, who cares about the pizza?
THE BEER! This selection is absolutely amazing. I mean, that's actually the only reason we went to this location in the first place. I mean, the most randomly incredible selection of beer I've ever seen. This will always be my go to!
Apparently the pizza is actually pretty good too though...Pasqually's provides cheap food and fast delivery. As other reviewers have stated, it is not the best food but it is cheaper than other nearby places offering the same fare. I thought that some of the food I ordered was better than other options at similar, or even fancier, types of places. 
The pizza overall was pretty good. I liked the flavor of the cheese although the texture was a bit hardened. The toppings were very good. The crust was pretty soggy and it benefitted a lot from an oven reheat. The crust was generally flavorless, but got the job done. The sauce was well seasoned and there was just the right amount. The small pizza with two toppings was $8.50, at $1.25 a topping - overall a good price for good tasting pizza (with texture leaving something to be desired).
The fried sampler was actually very good compared to others I have had. The mozzarella sticks were delicious with melty cheese and seasoned, light, crispy breading. The jalapeño poppers and mushrooms were pretty good, but the onion rings had too much coating and not enough onion. 
The wings were gross for me. Parts were overdone and others were chewy. They just looked unappetizing, like really cheap wings were used, probably frozen based on the odd textures. I would not get wings again. 
In the future I would go to the restaurant to have pizza and fried things with one of the many craft beers, but I will probably look elsewhere in the quest for the perfect [affordable] delivery pizza and wings !Worst pizza I have ever tasted. I just had one bite and I couldn't even finish the slice. The garlic powder is a lot which made the pizza taste bitter.Okay, so when you find a Vietnamese, family-owned "Italian" place off the corner of Walnut & 43rd, you may not expect THAT much, but hey, give them a chance - they might just win you over.
so my wife and I have been there a couple times, and they're really just super nice people. they've got lots of menu options, and we've had their large pasqually's special pizza twice - WITH anchovies. okay - maybe I'm not used to the anchovies, but my wife loves them. so she's really happy with it.
anyway, what I consider even BETTER than the pizza is the beer selection! from cheap local stuff, to some craft beers, to some belgian beers, to even gluten-free beer, they got TONS of beer selection! behind the register/ordering booth, there are refrigerators just filled with all sorts of 6 packs, 4 packs, single 40 oz, and especially, if you've just come out of the corner liquor/beer store, saddened by the fact that that they sell nothing but 24 count cases, you will find a smile on your face when you walk next door and find yourself at Pasqually's. 
Okay, the pizza might really only be worth 3/5 stars, but when you get to eat it with whatever beer you want behind the counter, it quickly becomes 4 stars for me!Easily the best place for craft beers in West Philly (and perhaps all of Philly!). The family that runs the place is extremely knowledgeable about all things beer and are just generally very kind, wonderful people. I hear the food is good, too! If you're in West Philly and enjoy beer, you absolutely must visit Pazzy Q's - otherwise, you're committing a crime against yourself!I haven't been here since 2008, but I lived off of their giant chicken parmigiana sandwiches all through college. 
Best chicken parmigiana sandwiches in west Philadelphia!9 years ago, I visited this place for the first time as a poor college student. The veggie burger was 3.75$ and a veggie hoagie was 5.75$. Poor college students food.. but was probably the best veggie burger and hoagie I had tasted back then!
9 years later, I did a tour of all our old haunts and tried the burger and hoagie, and the quality is just as amazing, if not better! Ofcourse the price went up, only marginally though More than anything, I was very happy the owner recognised me and we had a great conversation catching up. Pasquallys is heart..and you should go!I know this sounds crazy but I like the pizza ... you have to order the individual slices.. the cheese steak egg roll is good too ..  I was in there 4th of July weekend with my girlfriend and sister ... two extremely drunk Mexicans caused a disturbance and it was exciting waiting for the Penn police to respond ... I pop in all the time for beer, good prices .. the Asian owner is a sweet guy, very nice but I think the wife puts the pre- made pizza in the oven ..  they have a really fun arcade game (car race) to play!!!! there are always very shady people in and out ....  but they don't bother you ...  got the fried shrimp one night and I actually got cocktail sauce with them (the sauce was really cheap) ... the owner also put a nice flower bed/garden just outside to make it look a lil better ...  it is the type of place you just go back to after you meet  the owner ...Best buffalo chicken pizza I've ever had. Not too spicey, sauce didnt take over. Cooked a little crispy. Fantastic.Absolute gem. Menu literally has everything. Pizza and cheesy garlic bread are better than many sit down establishments. So many beer options, including a make your own six pack sampler option. And our order was made so fast, even on a football Sunday!