I waited 2 hours for a plain cheese pizza . I called the store and they kept putting me on hold. Once I got a hold of them I'm told that my food left and it's on the way. ONE HOUR LATER, I decide to give up and cancel my order. ... then the driver came. I know it must have been a busy night but damn. Be honest about where our food is. If it wasn't on the way I could've simply cancelled instead of waiting for so long!!!I love this place. Order lunch from there at least once a week and get their baked ziti with meatballs, I can't get enough of it.First off- WOW. I'd like to quickly comment on the atmosphere this Temple pizza joint has to offer. The sleek contemporary design is not under appreciated by the trendy temple students who frequent this place. My lover and I decided we would try the buffalo chicken pizza after reading a review some dumb-ass wrote saying it was good.  Walking home, the aromas tempted us to camp on a trash strewn sidewalk and perform a binge then and there. We exhibited self control. Back home, I hungrily tore off a bite. Well, I tried. The piece of "chicken" had the consistency of a cold silly putty. It was difficult to separate a piece with my sharpened enamels. Upon further inspection, it became clear that the mystery substance was proving NOT to be chix. Furthermore, who uses raunch dressing over blue cheese?! HELLO PEOPLE. I expect WAY better from a high end pizzeria located on Cecil B Moore.Placed a grub hub order at 7:30pm, and my estimated order arrival was 8:30pm. At 8:45 i did not yet receive my order and was told my order was on its way and should be here shortly. At 9:05pm I called, and was told "Oh never mind, your order came through when we were't taking delivery's" So therefore I was told my card would still be charged and I would not be receiving my order.
When I ask for a refund I was told that I have to do it myself. LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!! SO unprofessional and I will NEVER order from this restaurant and will make sure none of my co-workers, friends/associates never do either.
ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS, RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL!!!!!!!!!This place opened up around the corner from me, so naturally I order from here often. I'd say this is the best pizza in the Temple/North Philly area - the sauce is always a bit tangy, the cheese is perfectly proportioned, and, most importantly (for me), the crust is never doughy or undercooked. At only 99c for a plain slice, the pizza is a great snack for my college kid budget. Other than the pizza I've only ordered a few sides, but they were good nonetheless. The location is also a nice plus, as walking to Broad St for food options is sort of a hassle.I live about a block down from Pazzo Pazzo and stop in pretty frequently for slices on my way home from class. Everything here is pretty cheap, and that price reflects the quality of the food for sure. While I have never been gravely disappointed with my food from here, I have never been extremely happy with it either. If I could describe Pazzo Pazzo in one word, that word would be "Eh".Pazzo has become typical.  They started on the ave selling pizza for .99 then, they went to  $2 after 1pm or whatever, but my breaking point is today when I want a slice of pizza now $2.25 And the guy serving is answering phones, touching money and God know what else and he wants to touch my pizza. So when I insist that he doesn't touch mine  and he want to get into a discourse instead of management taking the high road he attacks me about other people that have confronted for  exemplifying the same behavior and i expressed my discontent but @ the end of the day I'm a customer.Wow where do I even begin. I live up the street from this place and had gotten pizza here before it wasn't very good but they are under new management so I decided to try again. I went in ordered an Italian Hoagie,  a meatball sub and fries the cashier was very nice and then I sat down waiting for the food. After 20 minutes I realized everyone in the store including those that came after me had left with their food. So I asked what was the hold up and was told there were a lot of deliveries which was frustrating because why not tell me before it might be a bit of a wait. I finally get the food and walk one block to my house but the time I open it the hot sandwich and fries are COLD. Now, it was 50 degrees outside and I live very close there is no way food would have cooled that fast if it was hot to begin with I returned the food and asked for a refund the cashier began the refund when someone who appeared to be the chef started cursing me out for not returning the food in the styrofoam containers it came in. He yelled at me for 10 minutes before finally processing the refund. Absolutely horrible all around. New management clearly not any better than before I won't be returning.Currently have dollar slices (all the time) and  they're decent. Otherwise I can only speak for their buffalo chicken pizza which I think is better than Maxis.I went here and watched an entire Eagles game while eating only $4 worth of pizza and had an enjoyable day. The pizza is good for a great price. Not much to say. Close to Temple for students but still in North Philly for everyone else. It looks like they got great prices on wings, which I will be taking advantage of soon. And a lot of other choices of hoagies, cheese steaks, among other things. The workers are chill too.
Thumbs up Pazzo Pazzo.I went back for a second visit to Pazzo Pazzo, a year later and less hungry. The pizza is fine, still, and cheap too.
The bathroom worked this time. It was locked, and not well maintained. There were enough napkins. It's okay but far from special.After recently moving to the temple area, I'm actually surprised how there's barely any places open for delivery past 11PM, so we decided to order from here. I can't comment on the delivery service since for some reason, everything but pizza was unavailable on the Eat24 app when we ordered after 12AM.
We got the Loaded Cheesesteak, Cheese Fries and Buffalo Wings. The food itself, it's okay at best, nothing special at all. The loaded cheesesteak was pretty good, but the meat tasted dry compared to other spots in Philly (then again I wasn't expecting that kind of quality so I'm okay with it.) The cheese fries were generously covered in whiz, which I'm happy about. But the Buffalo Wings.. oh boy. Worst I've ever had. Watery sauce that tasted weird, Blue Cheese that tasted like it came from the cheapest, expired salad dressing they managed to have, and they barely give any celery. What a disgrace to Buffalo Wings everywhere.
All in all, the food (other than those wings) isn't terrible, but it's nothing special either. Only great thing is that it's open a bit later than other places, but I wouldn't order here again. Maybe I'll order earlier next time to get food from better places.I ordered a cheesesteak,fries and salad through my PayPal account and made it a future ordered for 8:30pm and the time I ordered it was 4:10, 20 mins later I had my food. They do not look carefully at the details of the order. Luckily I was home at the time but I wasn't I would of been really mad. Please be carefully when ordering food from them through PayPal. If need be please call to make sure they read everything carefully. Overall the delivery guy was nice and the food was good.Fast delivery service. I got my food nice and hot and it was really good! I ordered fries and shirmp quesadillas. I do wish they served guacamole with their quesadillas but o well! Would order for delivery from here again.The food is just OK and the service is fairly decent. I am NOT saying it is bad but it is not a place that makes you feel happy about spending your money and it does not make you look forward to purchasing food from them in the future. I ordered wings which were honey barbecued flavor and they were just okay and I also order a shrimp po boy, that was a big mistake. I know what an authentic shrimp po boy is supposed to taste like and this shrimp po boy was far from authentic and even far from decent. The shrimp were the smallest of size and I am pretty sure for the entire sandwich I only had 6 trim. The sauce was not authentic and very bland but I did have tons of lettuce and tomatoes.Went from having dollar slices which was great, to making it only from 1-4 pm, to totally getting rid of it. That was the only thing that made them worth it to be honestOrdered a grilled chicken Stromboli with mushrooms add.. It came with only mushrooms... Got  it with nothing but mushrooms called back to  get ask for another was told to bring it back myself  when I took it back they were not nice (btw the order guy kept putting me on hold so I'm not sure what he told them since he is new) got my $$$ back and ordered from Cityview pizzaI ordered spinach dip from here today and it was extremely watery and tasteless which sucks because when I ordered about a month ago it was very creamy and amazing. However besides that I've tried the tiramisu, pasta, and cannolis and they were good. I hope the spinach dip is made well next time I order!Horrible! Ordered a plain Stromboli a few days ago and it was great. Ordered the same today and it had jalapeños on it. I called just to see if they could send out a plain one like I ordered and was told that "the cook said he wasn't going to make anymore" and that the money would be refunded on my card and the driver would come pick up the wrong Stromboli. The man I spoke to was so rude, argumentative, actually yelling at me like I was in the wrong. Wow worst service ever! And they expect me to wait 2-3 days to get my money refunded when they're picking up their Stromboli today. Beyond disgusted and pissed off. Never ordering here again and passing on the memo.I come here a lot because I love their pizza so I brought my boyfriend today. We ordered penne vodka and spaghetti with meat sauce. It was good and then we ordered milkshakes. They took 10 minutes each to come out. Seriously? 10 minutes to make a milkshake??? His strawberry shake came out first then 10 mins later my cookies&cream shake came out. When mine was ready, the cashier girl said "cookies and cream shake" as she can see me pulling the shrimp tail off. She repeats herself with an attitude. Like ok i can hear you, im stuffing my face. Put it on the counter...you dont have to hold it. The milkshakes were both way too thick and were gross. The girl who worked today was rudeThis place is the bomb! They sell 99 cent slices of plain cheese pizza. If you want toppings it's not that much of a difference. It's convenient because it's very close to campus and their prices are so cheap!! Not only do they have cheap pizza, the pizza is AMAZING. For $10 you can feed a whole family! I definitely recommend this place.Denying a breastfeeding mama with 3 small children courtesy WATER is NOT a good look or business move at ALL! 
With pizza spots ALL over the city, sometimes 2 - 3 in one block, some spots really think that they can treat PAYING customers any kind of way, serve sub par food and undesirable customer service. This place thinks because they are in a university area that staff can be rude and neglectful of the families living in and around their establishment in the community. It's {seems to be} believed if one pays less for something {like $.99 for a slice of pizza}, they deserve less {quality} service and customer care.
Instead of coming up with a solution to a 7 year old asking for WATER and being out of "courtesy" cups, staff + manager, decided to be combative and insist there was no other solution, because {the other cups} "costs money". As DID the pizza our family just purchased. They further attempted to refuse a refund. and the male cashier continued to say things {like they weren't going to lose any business}. 
It continues...too many businesses devalue the importance of their customers and contributions made by customers which allows them to be in business.
THE FOOD {ALONG WITH THE CUSTOMER SERVICE} REALLY IS NOT THAT GREAT!
Peace 
P.S. there are places {businesses} and people that still consider customer service important, it just seems they are more the exception than the norm these days.
P.S.S positive eating experiences are had, they just haven't been documented often enough + our family eats out infrequently {partly due to the absence of quality customer service}.Pazzo Pazzo is exactly what the students and locals need. It is a perfect location for both parties and offers a good selection of food. They have great daily specials at a cheaper cost than any other pizza place around north philly. Their sauce and dough is made from scratch paired with a four cheese combination that blends perfectly. They have dollar slice specials in the afternoon that is very convenient on the go. 
I worked there for more than two years and loved the staff. They really cared for quality food, quick service, and satisfied customers. I'd recommend it to anyone passing by, students on their way to class, or locals that want a quick slice.I live right down the street from this place. I order here a lot, and have NEVER had a mistake or bad meal. The staff is incredibly hard working and nice. The front desk girl is incredibly sweet, and remembers me! The food is awesome, the French fries are out of this world! Definitely need to come here if you are in the area!If I could place no stars I would on this. I ordered delivery at 3:08pm "ok 30-45min" 4:25pm comes around and I give them a call they say "we already came and no one answered the door we will send it back out now" weird because no one ever knocked on my door. Another 45minutes pass and I call again they say "we just came again and you didn't answer". Extremely weird because this time I opened my front door to make sure I can see to the street. They never once came and Management was so beyond rude saying "I don't have time to for this nonsense". Foods not even good, order city view or Santuccis way before here.I'm really surprised to see all the bad reviews. Maybe because we haven't tried the pasta or pizza? But we've ordered the cheesesteaks and they're great. Also I got a chicken and broccoli wrap, and the chicken was so..fresh, it tasted like it'd just come off the grill. Unlike most pizzeria chicken. The only quibble I have is, on grubhub, under toppings for cheesesteaks, one says "sweet or hot peppers". So I select it. But my bf wants them on the side. So I write in the notes, "sweet peppers on the side please". Is that not clear? Somehow they give him hot peppers in his sandwich every time! I don't know why they bother saying sweet OR hot if they're gonna give you hot whether you want them or not.. Well, I'll just have to write "no hot peppers" next time. The more important thing is that the food, what we've tried, is good. I'd venture to say better than most pizza place sandwiches we've tried.Without question one of the absolutely most abysmal establishments I have ever consumed sustenance from. We ordered baked ziti, a side salad, fries, & garlic bread. The fries were the only item in this meal that were every remotely edible. The rest of the meal was horrendous, and I actually couldn't get anywhere near finishing it. The ziti, salad, and garlic bread were among the most uninspired dishes I've ever been presented. The ziti has LITERALLY no flavor, the salad is repulsive and comes with an embarrassing amount of ranch dressing for the amount of surface area presented within the salad, the garlic bread was literally just a French bread loaf cut in 1/4s and stuffed with a variety of spices from the back of the cabinet. (Probably old). The fries somewhat redeemed this meal, to a degree... I had a free delivery fee at least, if I had a paid even a penny more there would be a lawsuit coming. Linked below is an applicable website link for a reasonable pasta recipe by none other than the Barefoot Contessa, who would likely shut this place down in an instant. https://barefootcontessa.com/recipes/penne-with-five-cheeses Have a good day, likely better than the day I'm having as a result of consuming the food from this establishment, at least it's referred to as food.2.5/10, basically some Reggie ass pizza. Would not buy again. We got a mixed pizza of individual slices so we tried every flavor. TrashI did not get the garlic roll with my baked ziti as advertised. I am disappointed. I wanted that garlic roll. The baked ziti was eh. But maybe that garlic roll that I didn't get could've made up for it.the pizza is literally perfect. everything about it is so good and the crust is incredible UGHHHH AMAZING !!!!!!!!I went back for a second visit to Pazzo Pazzo, a year later and less hungry. The pizza is fine, still, and cheap too.
The bathroom worked this time. It was locked, and not well maintained. There were enough napkins. It's okay but far from special.
The area is a little bit rough around the edges, which is probably why they lock the bathroom.  I've only come around noon on Sundays, but I can say that I wouldn't want to be on the street here after dark.The service here is so bad. My first time ordering from here, I'm vegan, so I ordered a stromboli online and specified "no cheese". Can you believe they put cheese in it on purpose? I called the restaurant and they said "So what? You can't make a stromboli without cheese. That's not my problem." Bad first impression. Bad attitudes. Bad customer service. Bad bad bad. All bad.I've only had the chicken pesto panini but it is incredible and I order it at least twice a week. It's huge and lasts two days. It comes with a large serving of fries as well. It's super easy to place an online order and it's ready within 15 minutes. I definitely recommend running over to pazzo pazzo and trying one of these. I also really want to try the penne vodka pizza next.NO STAR!  I asked three times for a medium pizza with extra sauce PLEASE I got the pizza and it had almost no sauce with a brick of white pussy cheeseI used to be crazy about their shrimp pizza and I go there all the time. After they changed the menu, I am no longer going there very often.This place is great if you don't actually want your food delivered. Waited a hour after "confirmed" delivery time to check on status of order only to find out they didn't even start preparing it yet. Still really wanted to try to the food so asked about an updated delivery time was told "40 minutes." After another hour, called back to check status and "Abe" said it would be ANOTHER 80 minutes... restaurant closes in 30 minutes... 
Place is awesome for $50 worth of starvation and rude customer service. Don't offer to provide if you can't delivery.I ordered the motz sticks and 5 buff tenders.. both were as expected. Not disappointed. I will order again. Buffalo tenders were the perfect spicy-ness.I've gotten pizza here for a while and never understood the bad reviews. Today was the first time I had a problem. The pizza they made me stuck to the oven pan, so they made me a new pie and offered me any drinks for free for my extra wait.Kind of hit or miss. I order delivery from here through Uber Eats maybe once a month as a cheat meal. To be honest it is a staple for some good junk food eats! I've ordered the jalepeno poppers a few times. It is a good portion of food, but a couple times the poppers were kind of spilled open so that there wasn't even cheese inside them. Not cool. Other times they come out perfect and yummy. So it is really hard to say. I have only had the 12" pizzas twice now and they always came out great and generous with the toppings!The food is so good! I am IN LOVE with their pizza. Every time I come here they are super friendly.Delivery never came, even after calling and getting an update. Disappointed. Waste of nearly $30.Lovely pizza. Some have just a little too much sauce but still great. Sandwiches n shit are hella good tooThe service has drastically declined over the past month or so. It seems as though they have fired all of their previous employees and hired much less competent, even rude employees. In addition to this, they have recently raised their prices while lowering the quality of their food. I would not recommend that anyone comes to this restaurant due to the inattention of the inadequate management. The pizza is under cooked while the rest of their food is of poor quality, not nearly worth the price chargedWOW! The penne vodka pizza and mega fries were absolutely DELICIOUS! I will most definitely be ordering my pizza from here from now on!I ordered a chicken finger wrap with honey mustard and lettuce, no tomatoes. I took a bite of the wrap and it tasted really weird and slimy. I looked at the inside and all of the lettuce inside the wrap is the brownish color like in the photo I posted. I've gotten food from Pazzo Pazzo before and liked it but recently when I've gone it's been so disgusting. I'm so mad  because most people on Temple's campus don't even go to Pazzo Pazzo but I gave them the benefit of the doubt and was a loyal customer but they clearly don't care about their customers at all if they're serving them food that has clearly gone bad. Thats so gross. How can u own a business and serve things like that?? I also got a cheesesteak from there awhile ago that was so covered in grease that it soaked thru the bread and was not edible at all. I'm done giving Pazzo Pazzo chances and I think students should not go here because they will just risk getting sick and wasting their money.Overcharged me. I asked Russian on the side of my sandwich. they charged me for two sides and then gave me two packets of ranch instead. ScammyGood pizza at a good price. I recommend the upside down pizza for an extra crispy crust. student discount too!Had Pazzo Pazzo last night while visiting my sister at Temple. It doesn't have the highest yelp score, but my sister assured me their pizza is very yummy so I tried it. I got a small chicken bacon ranch pizza which I did enjoy. There was definitely a ton of ranch on the pizza, I think they could've cut back on that part but it was tasty. The bacon was crispy and the chicken was good, however I just wish there was more of it. 
My sister ordered a taco meat quesadilla, but what she received was more like regular cheesesteak meat. It was not the ground beef commonly found in a taco and the meat she got wasn't even seasoned with taco seasoning- so that was a bummer. One plus was the fries that came with it were really good. 
I'm sure this place does well because of its location, but I'd recommend sticking to pizza based on other reviews and what others have said.I called in to order food and ordered two simple meals. My order was missing half of the meal, and instead of resolving the problem the manager offered me a TWO dollar "credit" for next time after charging me for an extra honey mustard.Awesome pizza near Temple University, I Have Visited serval pizza Restaraunts in the area, Pazzo-Pazzo's Pizza stands out amoung the best pizza around town, Their Bar b Q pizza is the most thin best tasting pizza in the area.A great campus pizza, with even better service. I got a slice of barbecue chicken pizza and it was much better than I was expecting. The cash register worker, Emma, was very welcoming and provided great service the whole time I was there. As for the slice, it was full of flavor in the barbecue sauce and had the perfect crisp in the slice. Definitely one of the best pizza places around temples campus.Mark my words I will never order from here again.  I've been eating at this place for years and today the customer service I received was terrible beyond words... You send me the wrong food and say you're not going to fix it? They wanted me to bring the pizza back there! I don't understand how they messed up my order and didn't want to fix it... Sorry but you will never get my money again....This place sucks. They are full of liars. I will never order from here. Ordered pizza and said it will take 30-40 mins. I called them at one hour mark and they said it will be there soon. It still didn't come so i called them. They hung up twice on me so used a different phone. They finally picked up and said it'll be there in soon. After 10 mins, they called and i finally got the pizza. It was cold and not good at all. I hope they didn't spit on my pizza: i dontrecommend this place bc they lie and pizza sucks. They rude and they lie. Go somewhere else.Had a slice of pizza, which was excellent. The crust was perfect, the price very low.
Bad points: bathroom out of order, no napkin dispensers to be found - we had to ask for even one napkin, rather than having that handed to us with our pizza.