I went here with my family for brunch.  I highly recommend!!  We got there shortly after it opened so it was relatively quiet and not busy at all.  Great decor and relaxed atmosphere.  The service was great and the food was amazing.  I highly recommend the shrimp and grits if you like savory grits.  My family got the French toast and omelettes and raved about each. The French toast is definitely a large portion, so tackle if you're really hungry.  I would definitely come back!!Go here if you had been to most of the different bars and trendy gin joints in Philly - and you are craving for duck fat fries, oysters, and delicious pate appetizer.  yumm...
It's centrally located - not too far from other trendy bars and restaurants, the Reading Terminal, and Chinatown, if your iron gut is craving for the mysterious and slightly above average Asian food, such as General Tso's chicken.  Who the heck is General Tso and I would bet that he has never eaten this seemingly popular dish (with its own documentary on Netflix)? 
I like the happy hour selection here, the hip vibe, the live jazz band, and the duck fat fries.  Prices are reasonable at this bi-level restaurant/bar. Not the largest place and I wouldn't consider this place for a romantic outing.  It can get quite loud  and crowded, to the point where the aimless chatter, the elbows, and drunkenness, could result in a hazardous environment.  Despite the risks, I am a fan of this establishment and will take an elbow or two just for the awesome fries.I know this place is new, so I won't hate on them too much... The atmostphere and decore are really great. Staff was super friendly, drinks were yummy but where they lacked most was the food. The food is everything! Started with the spicy maple bacon peanuts, they were good to snack on but not wow worthy. Next tried the burrata cheese app. It was basically a lump of mozzarella (obviously) with cheap toast on the side. They need to find a better bread supplier. It should be so easy to find good bread in center city. I was quite disappointed. For our main course, the open faced mushroom toasty. Again, disappointed. It was sautéed mushrooms on really bad bread (like texas toast type bread). It came with a small salad that had way too much dressing. It had such great potential, but fell a little flat in the flavor department. We also tried the pork colar. The pork itself was yummy, had that slow home cooked taste but again, not wow worthy. It came on top of a LARGE pile of cheese grits (way too much cheese grits). Of the 2 entrees we tried, this was the better of the 2. Lastly, desert. We had the cheese cake. It came in a cute short mason jar, which looked adorable, but made the cheesecake into this small little thing of a desert. I felt short changed :( It was tasty but could have been a bit more substancial. Overall, I know this place is new and needs to work out the kinks but they seemed to have nailed everything but the food. It was good, but it doesn't have anything to really bring me back. With all the amazing restaurants in the city, this place ranked average.Great place.  Menu was great. Drinks were real good.  Location is in agreat spot. Looking forward to another visitThis place had great food, great servers, and overall was a great experience. We ordered one of the raw bar samplers "The Grand" and all three items especially the moonstone oysters were really fresh and delicious. My wife and I also ordered the duck fat fries and to date they were the best duck fat fries we've had because they weren't too oily and were seasoned to perfection. The best part was the lemon truffle aioli they paired with the fries which just made the fries that much better. For entrees we ordered the Berkshire Pork Collar which was so tender and tasted great. It was hard to tell that it was Berkshire Pork but still was pretty good. The Lancaster Organic Chicken was also very moist and well seasoned.The Poppy seed lemon cake with lemon gel, pistachio brittle, pistachio gelato was also very tasty but the pistachio brittle could have been in larger chunks, it was too finely grated and spread around the dish, and the lemon gel was extremely sour and could have used a bit of sugar. Overall we had a great experience and the meal was great.Great place for brunch! Had the Crab Omelette and not one complaint! First time in Philadelphia for a full weekend, and first time at PA 6. Great combination!Really enjoyed the atmosphere and Happy Hour specials. The staff was friendly and helpful. Definitely suggest Philadelphia 6!Came in for happy hour to find a pretty nice menu. The bartender was great and offered up suggestions on drinks to order. He made a mean whiskey sour  My friend ordered the veggie burger and loved it, which is always a plus for us vegetarians. Definitely worth stopping by!My friend suggested this restaurant for dinner.  It is a bit out of the way for me but it was a pleasant surprise.  Very cool bar area.  We sat upstairs where we were surrounded by some of the most interesting  photos (black and white).  The food and service were great!  the server was attentive and not pushy.  We had a lot to catch up on and it was nice to be able to sit and talk and enjoy our surroundings.Charred Octopus
 - baby yukon potatoes, meyer lemon, espelette pepper, black olive vinaigrette
Yellowfin Tuna Tartare
 - roasted red peppers, charred scallions, avocado, pickled cucumbers, spicy aioli
Best introduction to raw food I've ever had :P, did not expect tuna to taste so divine!
As a restaurant of this price range ($$$), this place is as good as it can get in Philadelphia. Everything about it. The food was excellently prepared, and I would try everything on their menu. I think this is a place everybody should try, at least once - I can't really say much about their food beyond the fact that I think it's perfect.
The service is quite attentive and friendly. I was at the bar with a friend. It was a Wednesday night, and unexpectedly not so busy. What a shame! The manager or assistant manager? Ryan greeted us sometime during our meal, introduced himself and that made me quite glad the involvement of management in the restaurant. The bartender was awesome. Easy to strike up a conversation with, and seems quite happy working there. Additionally, the drinks here aren't rushed and are made with attention. 
The decor makes the place seem smaller than it actually is. Quite dark at night, dimly lit, but enough so that you know where you are. The atmosphere can be quite intimate depending on where you choose to sit, and have 3 floors to the establishment.
Definitely on my list of regular places to visit, if the opportunity ever came about.Stopped here for a happy hour date on a Friday; We had walked passed it a few weeks before so I kept it in mind, especially with my attraction to $1 oysters during happy hour. The decor was nice, gave a 30's vibe with the music that blended nicely with the scenery. My bf was a fan of the simple menu that was just the right size.
The oysters were good, clean and nicely presented. The horseradish was freshly grated on the cocktail sauce , which was a  nice touch. They featured cocktails they called Bubbly's for $5. We got the Southern Belle and the Clever Name, which were fine but our favorite was hands down the Treaty of Paris, which had the blend of honeydew and St.Germaine and it was carbonated, hence the name bubbly. It was so good.
Lastly, we got the Duck Fat fries which were really great. Hot, crispy, and well seasoned and the accompanying dipping sauce was perfect. I can see coming here again soon.Food was decent, definitely filling and satisfying despite small looking portions, which is a great thing. Went for restaurant week during a major storm so the restaurant was empty but we didn't have that many options to choose from. But I was satisfied with the meal, the service, and the overall atmosphere.My girlfriend and I were in Philly for the weekend and looking for a place to have brunch. We just happened to walk by and see Penn 6 and ended up being so happy that we stopped in!
They had a deal that included bottomless mimosas. They were excellent and promptly refilled without needing to ask once!
I ended up getting the salmon hash which included poached eggs and asparagus. I'm not always a fan of asparagus, but it was cooked perfectly as well as everything else in this dish. It was very tasty. My girlfriend got the Penn 6 Omelette which had crab meat and wild mushrooms. This was also very tasty and highly recommended. 
Our service was excellent throughout our meal as our waitress continued to refill our mimosas and make sure that we had everything we needed. We will definitely come back here if we have a chance!I stopped by here for happy hour yesterday and did not intend on eating.  The drink prices were decent and I planned on enjoying one then heading along to another place for food. I am so glad I didn't! The current happy hour gin drink they have is incredible for the price. And six delicious oysters for six bucks is unheard of. I followed this up with roasted beef marrow and I was in food heaven. The bartender, who was the nicest and most knowledgeable guy you could hope for, recommended a shot of Makers to pour down the marrow afterwards. Pure genius! Again, be kind to yourself and stop by someday for their happy hour but be sure to stay for the great grub these guys have as well.Love the decor in this place, but swanky is not a word I would use.  It's more like upscale diner decor with the red leather booths and worn wooden tables.  The downstairs tables are marble and much nicer, but upstairs where we sat the tables are old looking.
First, we got inside and the hostess was nowhere to be found.  So we waited a few minutes, found her, and have our name for the reservation.  She had to go find the reservation iPad.  When she came back a group bombarded her and checked in.  She sat them first and asked us to hold on.  That is not something I want to hear when I've already been waiting, it's a first impression for the restaurant, and I'm starving.
So once we were seated we ordered drinks.  Their wines are well selected and the champagne cocktails are fantastic- I have the "clever name" which involved blueberries and limoncello with champagne, delish.
Then I asked the waitress some questions regarding the menu and she was very knowledgeable- A+ Maggie!
I had the beet salad and duck rillette.  Both very tasty.  My friend had the seared tuna salad and it also looked great.  Everything was beautifully presented.
To cap it off we had gelato/sorbet.  You get to choose up to 3 so we got pumpkin chai, espresso, and white chocolate.  They don't give you too much which I appreciated and they were all delicious.
All in all the treatment of the hostess disappointed me, as did the small menu.  I normally don't feel affected by limited choices but for some reason this menu just didn't do it for me.
Also, they have a new spring menu so it is different right now from what is online- I went excited for butternut squash soup and it was replaced with split pea, yuck!
I don't think I'd come back for dinner but I'd live to come back for a raw bar happy hour!I've heard good things about Penn 6's brunch so a few friends and I decided to try it out.
I ordered Egg's Benedict and unfortunately had to send them back, twice.
Now the place wasn't busy at all so I didn't feel bad for complaining but the waitress didn't mind rolling her eyes when I said the eggs weren't poached properly. (What's the point of Egg's Benedict if the egg isn't runny)
After the second time my meal came out (eggs still weren't correct), I decided to just deal.
Sadly, I won't be coming back here anytime soon.
This place is getting 2 stars because champagne bottles are inexpensive.My 6 year old was dying for some steak so we hoped Pennsylvania 6 would deliver and they did! She and her older sister shared the steak plate and the steak was cooked perfectly. I ordered the pork plate and it was just falling apart with deliciousness. It was sitting on a bed of cheesy grits that were super creamy and yummy. My husband ordered lobster roll sliders and they were prepared perfectly - not too mayonnaise and lots of meat. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area!The worst service ever. Not even a complainer but this was a terrible experience.  Took an hour and a half to get a burger and two drinks. Manager gave a half assed apology. Never again.I ordered the skate, it was basically all bone and it tasted like rubber. The service was slow and I was unimpressed. No thanks.A friend and I stopped here for CCD Sips this past Wednesday, and I fell in love. It has a beautiful, open interior - black, mirrored walls with puffy, elegant red cushioned seats. I didn't get to see the upper floor, but I loved where we were seated. The service got off to a clunky start, but that was fine especially after the waitress expertly walked us through the CCD Sips offerings. I ordered the Spring Garden cocktail (mine), pig ears, and the 5/5$ oysters (I don't remember what kind). The cocktail I got was supposed to be their take on the classic gin and tonic, but it was so much better and muddled with berries. Oysters were fresh, cold, and came with two sauces - some kind of vinegar with scallions, and then the classic cocktail sauce with shaved horseradish on top. The pig ears were warm, deliciously crispy, and they came with the perfect hot sauce.
I am hoping to return soon, and again and again. Their happy hour offerings are amazing - select $1 oysters every weekday from 5-7 PM, and $3/$5 select beer/cocktails. Beautiful interior, great service, and mouth watering food.This place has really great seafood options. We went here once for an oyster fix and it was perfect. The atmosphere is really comfortable and great for a night out with friends. It's really big and you're spread apart from the other tables so you don't feel crowded at all either.Awesome spot for happy hour. Oysters phenomenal. Champagne drinks are all winners. Staff are all courteous and efficient. We will be back to try dinner!I'm definitely a fan!  The servers are great! Everyone that works there is so friendly- they have mastered customer service.  
We ate a burger, Ipswich clams and a salad.  Everything was great!!Great happy hour specials with $1 oysters and $5 bubbly drinks.  The crudo sampler was delicious but a little pricey at $18 and only a couple of pieces of each type of fish.  Mushroom side was delicious.  Our server was excellent and super friendly.  Happy hour on a Monday was not very crowded and you can enjoy at a table even with Open Table reservations.Two thumbs up! Great service, drinks, and delicious food.  The atmosphere is cool, it's casual and trendy. The seafood is awesome - we shared the shrimp cocktail and I had the Marlin crudo. Really nice. I had the roasted beets salad and my boyfriend had a filet. The beets were scrumptious and my boyfriend said his steak was outstanding. I recommend and will go back.Loving the grilled octopus ! If your a fan of octopus then try it. It's amazing !! Atmosphere is great and place is nice. Also tried the monk fish which was good but only because the sides where amazing good . Sweet potato purée was silky and the cranberries on sautéed spinach (I think ) where so nicely doneService was ultra friendly when we stopped if for a couple of rounds of drink and small bites.  Throughout our limited time there, I was impressed with the service.
I was thrilled that they had Ommegang on tap.  I also had a taste of my sister's champagne cocktails.  They were tasty an had interesting combinations.
I tried one small oyster (small by my preference, not their availability).  It was fresh and good, everything that I would expect from a place like this.  I would order it again.
Duck fat fries were a little disappointing, there was too much salt for my taste (however, the sauce they were served with was a saving grace).  I preferred the duck fat fries at Whiskey Village.I have a dietary restriction that keeps me from eating any grains.  We ate at the bar, and the bartender was very accommodating.  He made recommendations on how to modify dishes so I could still enjoy all the great dishes I read about online.Pennsylvania 6 is another hidden Philly gem, and i'm very grateful to yelp for pointing the way to it.
For my anniversary, I brought my wife to this restaurant. It's a remarkably classy looking/feeling establishment; the dim lights, rich wood decor, and 50's black-and-white's of famous celebrity scenes give it a flair much like a speakeasy.
The wait staff here was very courteous, and it was neither loud nor overly busy on a Friday evening. I tried the raw bar offerings (which were pricey but exceptionally fresh) and tried Crudo for the first time. For those folks that have never had Crudo before, it's a mind blowing experience; thin sliced sashimi is marinated in herbs and oil and delicately prepared. It mixes the fresh pop from traditional Japanese sashimi and the light earthy herb flavor of Mediterranean cooking. It was absolutely incredible.
I loved the old fashioned cocktails, and the pork collar with cheese grits was decadent and fell apart on the fork. I can't see anything that could make the experience here any more enjoyable than it already is.Split on this being a 3 or 4 star, but will give the benefit of the doubt since a few dishes here really stood out.
Stopped by mid-afternoon on a Sunday wanting lunch.  It had been a busy day and my girlfriend and I were looking to relax.  We were the only ones in the place which always makes it feel a bit weird, but I can't blame that on the restaurant itself I suppose.
Word of warning here: this will not be a cheap lunch spot.  Think of it as a nicer dinner spot and expect to spend for it.  Now it's worth it, but we were in the mood for a couple of nice cocktails and decent gastropub-ish food.  This is not the case here.  It's a definitely a nicer restaurant that we expected for some reason.  Again, no blame to Pennsylvania 6 for that one but a $75+ lunch for two was not what we sought out.  Not many cheap items here if you want a substantial meal.
So how was this pricey food?  Really freakin' good.  The burger was a juicy mess in all the right ways.  Simple but satisfying.  Order this.  One of the better burgers in this city.  Accompanying fries were awesome as well.  Great seasoning and consistency.  Go for em.
Crispy pig ears at $7 were the cheapest thing on the menu and also a standout.  A big plate for sharing and dipping.  Can't go wrong to add this to your table.  Burrata cheese was also nice, and the bone marrow was a bit small for me but OK.  More like a pig's bone than a cow's bone?  I have no idea, but it was small.  I'd skip this.
Drinks were solid and service was very good, so they salvaged that 4 on these points.  Overall worth a try, especially if you know what you're getting into before you walk in.At first I wasn't sold on menu but turned out great!! I had the meat and cheese sampler and house salad. Salad was one of best I've ever had! Simple with amazing dressing! Service at an off hour was great and kid friendly. Jonah was awesome! And don't miss out on the apple cider sorbeto or duck fat fries!!Best place in town for happy hour and brunch. I think it may be one of the best kept secrets in town because every time I have gone it is never crowded and my friends and I have always been able to get a seat. The nervous is great and the staff are very accommodating and friendly. For brunch they have $15 bottles of champagne that come with lots of fun mixers. My friends and I like to mix and match but the best mixer by far is the honeydew! Happy hour is amazing as well! Yummy cocktails for $6 and $1 oysters!Seriously. Are you a jazz club or a bar for annoying college bros? Too loud, too full of young arrogant douches, and not worth it.WOW. We stopped by for a night cap with friends one night and due to the alcohol we had already consumed, we made the collective decision NOT to inhale plates of oysters and bone marrow. (the next morning, it turns out that was a wise choice)
My boyfriend and I were very much looking forward to returning and sampling a few items from the menu. We sat at the bar and the service was just amazing. (we even got a mini tour of all three floors!) Drinks were spot on and the food is exactly what we were hoping for. Try the Crudo sampler, it is well worth the $18. 
After much deliberation (and some sweet talking from the bartender) we decided to do the marrow with the bourbon luge. It was one of the strangest and most decedent  experiences I have ever had. Not sure if I would do the bourbon again, but the marrow was roasted to perfection. (my boyfriend on the other hand has already made his round 2&3 plans for this dish)
Great addition to the Philly restaurant scene and you can taste the care and love that goes into everything they put on the menu. Really looking forward to going back.I gotta say... Nothing thrilled me at all on my recent trip to Penn 6. 
We went for restaurant week, so could that be why? But no... I have had some excellent service and meals during restaurant week, that cannot be it.
The beans in my soup weren't the tender, starchy goodness that I expected. The "cumin rubbed" flank steak that was served was bland. I had to put salt on it, I NEVER put salt on anything. And the dessert was just odd. I understood the concept, but the blueberry compote was too bitter, almost acidic. 
The only decent part about the evening was that we got there early enough for the end of happy hour. Drinks were pretty good. Other than that, don't waste your time!Had dinner at Pennsylvania 6 and found the food mediocre at best.
- "Charred" Octopus appetizer with tender white beans was okay. However, it didn't seem "charred" or particularly flavourful.
- Fried oyster appetizer was fine, nothing wrong with it, but nothing special.
- Lobster Roll was underwhelming, with a basic bland creamy dressing. Lobster itself was overcooked and stringy.  Fries were fine. One can easily get a better (and cheaper) lobster roll in Center City, thanks to Luke's. 
- Broccolini side dish was kind of a creamy hot mess to be spooned onto pieces of toast. Tasted okay but not great.
- Chocolate terrine (with sliced bananas on the side) was dense, chocolate-y, and uninspired.
Service was very good. Our server was friendly and helpful. 
Restaurant atmosphere is good. 
Aside from the food itself, everything about the restaurant experience was fine. Since I care about food, I wouldn't particularly want to return.A friend and I came for happy hour after Oyster House was packed and our oft-visited Doc's was closed for the day. The restaurant was very uncrowded (I don't think most people know they have buck-a-shuck here!), and we were seated by the friendly manager who welcomed us to the restaurant. I felt like I walked into an old-timey whiskey bar, based on the red high top seats and wood paneling. 
The service was prompt, except we waited for our oysters for much longer than we were used to. We both ordered happy hour fizzy special cocktails; I did not enjoy my gin-based drink (I can't remember what it was, but it looked nice) at all as it was dry and boring, while my friend's simple champagne sangria was a safe choice. We also ordered the special happy hour menu item Kentucky Wings, but they were very, very mediocre. Finally, the oysters' quality was the lowest I've ever tasted..not sure if that's just because they're trying to get rid of the most terrible ones at night or the month was off (my friend says you should only eat oysters during months with the letter "R" in them), but I guess I can't complain too much for the 6 for $6 special.You can't beat the $1 oyster during happy hour! Their oyster is FRESH and tasty, just love it! 
I have been to this place a few times, one thing I like about this place is that every time when I'm here, the seafood is always fresh, like The Grand, tuna tartare. If you come here for happy hour, except their oyster, the duck fat fries is another thing you don't want to miss. Their sliders are average but it's still good. 
Overall, the place is nice and big, they have upstairs dining room, good for group dining. The service is attentive, their manager would come to your table and introduce himself to make sure you are happy with the food and service.I've been to Pennsylvania 6 for an evening event a few months ago and for happy hour today. The place is beautiful at night; it looks romantic and the service was excellent. Today, they were advertising their $1 oysters for National Oyster Day, I figured, why not? They also have $5 "bubbly" cocktails and $3 Yards. We ordered 10 oysters and we were really curious about the crispy pig ears so we decided to give that a try. The ears were indeed crispy, quite salty, and just OK. The portion was small but that seems to be the running theme here. The cocktail I ordered was also OK, kind of small as well. The oysters were very small and we finished them in less than a couple minutes. The people who work here are really nice and they do everything they can to make your experience positive. Their dinner menu looks delicious so I would like to come back and try it another time. Sadly, I left quite hungry despite what our bill came to, so I went to go get pizza.Had the opportunity to visit the place and decided to give it a chance based yelp reviews.  I have to say that the food did not disappoint on any count during the visit.  I was disappointed on a few counts counts. 1.  We ordered a bottle of wine and the price on the menu was different than the price on the menu.  The menu stated $40 and we were actually charged $44.  I know it is only $4 but accuracy counts.  2. Once we had a table the service greatly disappointed. I work
In the industry and know what good service they entails.   We did not get the service we deserved for the price we paid for the meal. 3.  I tried to add chicken to a pasta entree but told it was not possible.  Hard to believe because you could add to a salad but not to a pasta.  Always talk to your kitchen before denying a customer.
That being said I would return for the meal but not for the service.  
Durable our dinner we had the calamari app, the crab cake entree and steak entree.Just had the pork collar. My absolute favorite here. It was unbelievable--as always. PLEASE keep this on the menu! If you are in Center City, walk over and try this dish. You won't be sorry.PA6 FOR LUNCH: Last month Pennsylvania 6 took over the bi-level space on 12th street left vacant for quite some time, but formerly occupied by Tweed.  I was recently invited to try their  lunch menu, which just launched. Its an upscale menu that looks the part for a modern power lunch. Expect a raw bar and seafood, sandwiches, and a few classic American plates.
Currently, the cocktail menu showcases summer friendly ingredients like grapefruit and melon.
Lunch time appetizers are taken as seriously as if it were dinner.  The beef carpaccio appetizer is a stunner. Topped with shaved radish, celery, micro green, shallots, parmesan, and violet mustard, the contrast of colors, and of course flavors, is lovely.
Almost as lovely to look at, a charred octopus appetizer featured blackened tentacles and black olive vinaigrette accompanied by a few slivers of potatoes. The octopus was perfectly tender, exhibiting neither the rubberyness nor mushiness that can happen with less careful preparation.
The burger is massive and was cooked precisely to the medium rare requested. Pickled red onion and chopped lettuce were thoughtful additions. Bacon is a few dollars extra, but worth it, as the thick cut slices are no joke. The soft brioche bun collapsed a bit into the patty, which is necessary because otherwise you couldn't fit the burger in your mouth. Crispy duck fat fries and a secret mayo sauce complete the plate.
If there is a lobster roll on the menu, I am ordering it. Theirs has poached lobster on a buttered, toasted roll.  Not all lobster rolls are created equal; stringy, wimpy pieces that don't taste fresh are a bad time.  Here, the lobster pieces have a light mayo coating and are large and sweet, making me very happy.
"Dark chocolate pot de creme" ended the meal. A bowl of thick chocolate custard came topped with white chocolate gelato, macadamia nuts, and caramelized bananas. The chocolate tasted more like an in between milk and dark rather than dark, which was fine by me because it could have been too rich. Instead, it was luxurious without being heavy.
Inside, Pennsylvania 6 lucked out nabbing a space with a classy staircase at its center. It is matched with tasteful furnishings, highlighted by red chairs and booths.  Service is attentive but not uncomfortably formal. Whether on a business meeting or out with the parents, Pennsylvania 6 can easily become the new spot for the power lunch in Center City.I found Pennsylvania 6 on yelp and loved it! Not only do they have great drinks but amazing food. The service was personable and welcoming. If you looking for a great experience while your in Phili swing by this place!Came in on a whim for dinner and was pleasantly surprised at the whole experience.  Started off with the east coast oysters which were great!  Warning...the cheese like shavings on top of the cocktail sauce is NOT cheese... I'm an idiot! :) Fresh horseradish... 
Any who moving on we had the octopus which was perfectly cooked tender with charred ends, my fav.  By this time I was't too hungry for a whole entree so I took the advise of the bartender and tried the fresh burrata and the shishito peppers.  The combination of the two dishes was AMAZING!  The burrata was topped with a nice sun dried tomato compote and the plate was drizzled with olive oil.  The shishito peppers if you are not familiar are a mild Japanese pepper similar in shape to a jalapeño without the heat.  They were pan fried in olive oil and simply finished with Maldon salt, another favorite!  The flavors were great!  
My husband got the scallops which too were perfectly cooked.  All in all the meal was great! I wish I had room for the dessert... the chocolate pot de creme was calling my name but i was too stuffed... 
YUM!Came here for cocktail but ended up getting a charcuterie and cheeseboard as well as octopus. Cocktails were great, the Dr. Neville tasted awesome and my friend had the rittenhouse which was gin and cucumber water. They also have yards draft called off of walnut that's made especially for them! Dark Belgian, yummy.First. They are open for lunch.we had an association meeting there that was spectacular. About 30 people upstairs and it was perfect. Nice place great service good hospitality and it's own bar.
They had a large enough screen Hi-Rez TV for presentations and the room was acoustically really good. But you have to get people to stop talking.
First course was family-style salad and ricotta and fig and unique ricotta spreads on nice little Crostini. 
My main course was a fresh sliced smoked turkey club on homemade bread that was absolutely wonderful with perfectly done fries and a big pickle.
Unexpectedly, desert was two mini-servings of a lighter than air Italian cake and a beautiful cheesecake parfait that was scrumtilleumpsious!
We all enjoyed ourselves, had a great time, one and a half blocks from the train station, it couldn't be better. we will be back. five stars all the way.Trendy want - to - be restuarant. The food is on trend, but the flavor is not. The food's flavor was okay at best,  but you paid as though you were getting a gourmet meal. We got the octopus-it was hard to cut and chewy. The monkfish was bland and overcooked. The sauce was diner quality. The dessert was the biggest insult. The waiter raved about our choice and what we got was a stick of chocolate fudge, with a few whole peanuts thrown on the plate, a few raw bananas with a coating of sugar. Highly disappointed. The columbe coffee was the only hit. We will never go back.Great brunch spot with friends! Lobster roll and egg benedict are highly recommended. Also they offer awesome brunch special of $15 champagne with free mixer!!Really enjoyed my lunch here today. Tried the Roasted Bone Marrow with Garlic Toast, with the Woodford Bourbon Luge, it was very tasty and doing was lots of fun and a photo worthy event. I enjoyed the beefy taste of the bone marrow combined with one of my favorite bourbon's. The service was very friendly. My server fully explained each of my various dishes and offered to help with the Luge. I had the Turkey Bacon BLT which was packed with goodness, turkey and turkey bacon, avocado on a crisp hard roll. I tried some of the Summer squash and chickpea sandwich and really liked the chunky hummus like flavor, thought that since it was grilled the interior would be warm but it was cool , not bad , very tasty. The Duck Fat fries were so good! Crisp and flavorful and when dipped in the Lemon Truffle Aioli , a taste of heaven. Can't wait to try the happy hour for some oysters, fries, and crispy pig ears.I think we've got a new serious player in town.  A restaurant that has the style, the capacity and the food to run with any of our restaurants.  After having gone to PA6 a few times now, I know that I'll be a regular.
The restaurant is decked out and elegant but not in a smug and uptight way.  It's more of a clean lines, deep red seats black crisp kind of way.  The servers are nice, knowledgeable and able to talk you through the menu and answer any question you might have.
We started with the oysters, 2 of each of the 6 varieties they were featuring.  They ordered them around the large ice plate in an east to west fashion so we wouldn't get confused.  Yes the virginias tasted different than the rhode islands which tasted different than the PEIs.  Small bottles of tabasco, house mignonette and cocktail sauce with grated horseradish over it to garnish.  Awesome.
We split the crudo sampler, pig ears and shishito peppers.  The fluke crudo with curry oil and toasted pine nuts was definitely one of the most surprising things I've eaten in a while.  Pair that with the tuna which had roasted peppers and and olive tapenade and the hamachi which  had gooseberry and lime and this plate was fantastic.
The pig ears are just flat out delicious.  We should have gotten two orders.  Words can't really describe them other than perfectly crisped pork and a nice hot sauce to dip them in.  Shishito peppers in cast iron with lemon were charred to perfection.
Style, service and food.  This place has it goin on.  I hope they're around for a while.My friend made a reservation for this place when a group of us were visiting and as soon as I saw that they had bottomless drinks and duck fat fries, I was golden! It happened to be the same weekend as OutFest, which is huge in Philly, so the bar was doing a special with drinks for 3 DOLLARS!!!! Like WHAAATTTT?! Because of the weekend activities, we were also surprised with a drag show that was hilarious and full of talented performers. The food was really good- I got "THE BURGER" for $14 (pineland farms ground beef, smoked cheddar, pickled red onion, gem lettuce, secret sauce, duck fat fries). Very filling and the fries were amazing! The drinks were delicious as well and overall the whole experience was awesome.Super chic yet laid back spot for drinks and to catch​up with friends. Service and decor are awesome. The fresh ricotta and churro waffle sundae are a must. Best part is they're not overly crowded like the other restaurants in the area so a great experience overall.Absolutely delicious crudo, pork collar and lamb shoulder. Presentation was excellent and the waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu specifics. 0 complaints about the food, but service was a bit off. The waitress walked past our table several times when we were out of water or missing utensils and didn't stop. It also took a very long time to get our check- again with the waitress repeatedly walking by. I would definitely go back again though.Empty on a Saturday, but still a good spot. Reasonable taplist, and a friendly bartender, Jessica.
Accommodated us with a high chair, which I always appreciate. The raw bar was good and server was informed about the oysters.
Brunch menu needed some inspiration--nothing stood out as the obvious choice. Sausage and eggs were delicious, though. Great coutnry sausage over tangy greens and cheesy grits. Nice move.
Hopefully, I'll be back for dinner.Food was unusual and delicious.  A bit pricey, but worth it for a nice night out.  Looks to be a great happy hour destination as well.Recommendations: Cocktails (if you like them sweet). Fried oysters. Duck fat fries.
The waitress really hyped up the lobster roll: "best in Philadelphia!", but it fell short for me, especially for $26. I'm not sure if it was the high expectations after the waitress' enthusiasm, but I recommend skipping and heading to have Luke Lobster's more affordable option over on 17th.
My partner had the burger and found it very dry and lacking seasoning. The waitress did tell us that the restaurant is better known for its seafood dishes, so perhaps we should have taken the warning. Skip the burger here!
Ambience: We were a table of 5 and really appreciated being able to hear each other vs. some other restaurants in the same area that tend to get too loud and crowded on a Friday night. There is a roomy bar area and tables on the first floor and a second floor with more tables were we sat; definitely good for groups and catching up with friends.Went on a Thursday night with a group of girlfriends. We ended up adding an extra person last minute, so when I checked in with the hostess I told her and she kind of hemmed and gave me a look. When I asked if it was going to be a problem she replied "I think we can make it work." Well, we walked upstairs and it was totally empty. Not sure what her problem was. 
Our waiter made up for it. He was fantastic. We ordered the burrata cheese and spicy bacon peanuts appetizers to start. The burrata was excellent. Very creamy and it came with sun dried tomato spread. Delicious. The peanuts were pretty good- different is the best way to describe them.  
We all ended up getting either the burger or the lobster roll.  The fries were excellent- fried to perfection in duck fat.  I felt like the lobster roll left much to be desired.  For $26 I expect excellence.  Lobster meat pouring out of the roll.  That was not the case.  It was a meager portion with little seasoning.  An overall disappointment.  I think the burger was fine.  But still, that was $15.  I don't think I'd go back.My friends suggested this place for brunch for bottomless mimosas! It's one of the only places still in Philly with an unlimited deal. It's $15 for unlimited mimosas or bloody Mary's for 2 hours, plus the price of your entree. Overall a $35-40 value which is reasonable for boozy brunches. 
I got the burger with egg, forget what it's called but it was delicious! Great flavor. It came with a side of duck fat fries which are a MUST HAVE. You will not regret it! Our table got an extra order they were that good. They come with a great dipping sauce too!
The staff was very friendly and attentive. Can't complain. The service was great. 
Really cool decor inside, felt as if I was in NYC for brunch honestly. I'd definitely go here again for brunch especially if they keep the unlimited deal.My first experience at Pennsylvania 6 was at a recent Yelp Elite Event and I was generally impressed, so I knew that I definitely wanted to come back here for a sit-down dinner.  I'm so glad I tried them out again because our dinner last night was phenomenal.  Our fish was very fresh, the drinks were great, the waiter was knowledgeable about the seafood/each dish, and the service was snappy.  The highlight for me was the crudo sampler.  The tuna with capers had an amazing saltiness to it, the kampachi was exquisite, and the fluke practically dissolved when it hit my tongue.  We also enjoyed the crispy pig ears (think bacon, people) and the shishito peppers.  My friend devoured the mushroom toasty and the table enjoyed their oyster sampler.  Prices here aren't half bad, either, considering this restaurant started in NYC.  I highly recommend trying this spot out whether you're in the mood for dinner or drinks!Man I really love this place! The food and deals are amazing. The $1 happy hour Oysters tasted really high quality to me and hit the spot every time. I would gladly bring anyone with an affinity for seafood/oysters here.
I have also been for brunch and everything has been amazing - order the fries! I would make sure to get a reservation as it gets pretty busy on weekends (unless there is an Eagle's game on - then the place is basically deserted we were told haha though they do have TV screens and do air the games).
The atmosphere is really cool/unique/airy and I believe they sometimes have live music. Great spot I've been to various times and will be returning to many more!I LOVE this restaurant! I have been coming here for years (dinner and brunch) and I have never had a bad experience! The food is always the deli cooks and the drinks are REALLY good! The duck fat fries and the fresh ricotta are my favorite small bite plates.I love this restaurant,on a warm night the Lobster roll is just right,Perfect in fact!! The staff is friendly and very accommodating as well. And for some fun try the Woodford Reserve Whiskey Luge.Great place for private work events or happy hours! We had the third floor all to ourselves, and it was great, it felt just like a Rittenhouse apartment living room with the large windows and fireplace. Absolutely cozy and cute. The variety of food and appetizers were all really good as well, it is your 'upscale' fancy bar food like sliders and meatballs and dips. if your company is looking for a new place to host an event, check this place out!Not bad...ordered some appetizers...tuna tartar...bone marrow...plus the bourbon shots...crudo...olives...and nuts...had a pretty nice scotch selection with reasonable price...overall it was ok...but bit overrated...I think...I stopped by to take advantage of the $3 mimosa/Bloody Mary for brunch. Bartender was super friendly and the duck fat fries were delicious. Hidden gem in center city!So went here for a nice dinner with my girl.  When we entered we were promptly greeted by the hostess.  The place was pretty busy even though we were getting a late dinner around 9p. They seem to have very good bar business so the crowd was transitioning to primarily to a bar crowd and just tables seated finishing up.  We were seated upstairs in their main dining area.  Server was nice.  We always of course order oysters which they have 3 east coast and 3 west coast varieties.  So strange thing our oysters took more then 40 min to get.  We had ordered the duck fat fries as an app also and for some reason that wasn't brought to the table either or the tuna crudo we had ordered.  The server apologized a few times and it didn't really seem like his fault but really pretty unacceptable.  The food was good I don't think I would order the monkfish again I found the fish itself to be bland but I believe that is pretty much the characteristic of that type of fish (I was trying to eat healthy should have known better).  The fries are def a must try.  The yellowtail tuna crudo was a bit salty for me I realize it comes with olives but couldn't really taste the fish at all.  So two stars was based on mainly really long wait time and some aspects of the food.  If the wait time was improved I would say it would have been high three star or four.  I did like the atmosphere.Awesome.  The food was great, but the service was amazing!  Chase was our server and we were so lucky to have him; the manager also came out and introduced himself and checked in on us in a super professional/cool non-cheesy way.  I have since recommended the place and look forward to going back, a bunch.Came here last night with a friend for Happy Hour/Sips. We wanted a nice place to sit down, eat dollar oysters, and talk. However, when we got there, there was a DJ blaring pop music. Now, if you see the inside of this place and look at the menu prices, you would know how inappropriate that was. It's a nicer restaurant with great decor, expensive menu items, and craft cocktails. For them to be blaring that music was just odd. I had to ask them to turn it down, it was so loud.
My friend and I got some oysters (not on Happy Hour special because of SIPS which was dumb and I wish we knew beforehand). They were okay and came out quickly. We also got calamari which was okay and the beer mussels. Now, I am a huge fan of mussels, but the broth they were in (a bacon beer broth) was pretty gross. The bacon wasn't crispy at all and looked almost raw and the broth just tasted like what a frat house smells like, stale beer. The sourdough it can with for dipping as COVERED in oil and inedible. 
Their fruit punch cocktail was good, not too sweet, but their Bulliet Old Fashioned was so watered down. Such a shame. 
I'm taking this place off of my bookmarks. With so many other good places to go, I wouldn't recommend here to anybody.I give Pennsylvania 6 a solid 3. The menu is great and the ambience is wonderful. Food was really wonderful the duck fries are wonderful! However, the service left a lot to be desired. We didn't get water frequently and the server seemed stressed the whole night.We found this place accidentally when we were wandering around the area dying for some food and drink after another disappointing experience at a restaurant that had a misleading menu. The oysters were fabulous, the place was really nice and clean, the drinks were tasty, and the server and the manager were both really nice to us.Table for 2 saturday at 7pm. Food was "eh"...service was terrrrrible. I almost said something to the manager. We got our appetizers before any drink, they never even filled our water glass. Basically, this sums up how the rest of the evening went. Awkward and rushed. Won't return.Checked the place out based on a recommendation from a friend. I was not disappointed and have already gone back once. The place looks great and is decked out in red seats with a lot of old school pictures on the walls. The place has a unique and cool look to it.
I was impressed by the selection of beers on draft, which had some of my favorites like Yards and Victory harvest. The food prices were reasonable with most plates around $20. We tried the crispy pig ears and the Buratta cheese to start, both of which were excellent.. I had the pasta with crab on the first trip which I enjoyed, and on the second trip I just got the Burger (I was in the mood for one) which was hands down one of the best burger's I've ever had! I comes with fries and is topped with a special sauce that was excellent.
The rest of the group ordered the pork collar and lobster roll, as well as oysters. Everyone was happy with their meal. The only knock I'll give is that the menu doesn't have the largest selection and some people had a hard time choosing what to order, so our waitress had to give recommendations, but everyone enjoyed what they picked. Hopefully they'll add more options soon, but we'll definitely go back.I had a wonderful experience here. The food is really delicious. I recommend trying a seafood appetizer - the tuna tartare and kampachi are amazing. The main courses are also very good though I wasn't too adventurous and just took the burger. However the duck fat fries were also great! Overall a great experience. The waiter was very attentive, maybe a little too chatty, but very kind. Maybe because there weren't many people there.Pennsylvania 6 is one of the best places to go for brunch in the city if you're dining with a big group. I have gone here numerous times with friends and they have never had a problem accommodating us--even when we have 18 people!! 
One of our favorite things about Penn 6 is the $15 bottles of champagne (because what is brunch without champagne?). The bottles come with orange juice and two other fruit juices (melon and grapefruit) so you can try some different flavors. They'll bring you out as many bottles as you want at once and they're always waiting with a fresh bottle with one is finished!
The food here is also great! The duck fat fries are a must!! I've tried a few things on the menu but my favorites are the burger and the steak and eggs. Both dishes are cooked to perfection. Our group has tried numerous items on the menu and everyone was more than satisfied.
The service here is always great. Our waiters are always very attentive and friendly! 
Make a reservation, grab some friends and enjoy great food for a boozy brunch!Came here for dinner with the wife and in-laws. We were seated promptly and put in our drink orders. They took forever to come out. We were ready to put in our orders but none were taken. Eventually our waitress took our orders but, again, good took a very long time to come out. To be honest, the place was getting crowded but still....when the food did arrive it was underwhelming. Took a long time to get our check and pay. Have not been back since which is unfortunate as I am a seafood lover.My boyfriend and I came here the weekend before Memorial Day, it was a rainy Saturday night and we figured the city wouldn't be busy. We were greeted very nicely and seated right away (we had a reservation). It was not very crowded and we were taken care of promptly. We ordered oysters to start with and they were great! They were about $3 a piece so we hoped they would be up to par. I ordered the Tuna Tartar and Beet salad for my entree and they were both amazing! My boyfriend had a burger that he doctored up with add ons which with duck fat fries, they rocked and so did the burger. For desert we had a chocolate lava cake type thing which was gone in about 3 seconds! 
I gave 4 stars because it took a while for us to get drinks the second and third time around and my water glass was empty most of the meal. I'm a stickler for that!! 
Overall we enjoyed the food, our experience and had a great time!The food at Pennsylvania 6 is fine, but they have a lot to learn about customer service. I was there tonight with a large group (we had a limited menu to choose from). Everyone's dinner arrived but mine apparently due to either a server or a kitchen error. Both servers disappeared without saying a word. leaving me sitting. After a while, I had track them down  to find out what the problem was. They hurriedly explained there was a mixup, barely apologized, offered me nothing and never asked me if I needed anything while I sat there for 20 minutes with just a glass of water, watching everyone else finish their meals. By the time my meal did come, long after everyone else was done, I took a few bites and asked to have the rest wrapped to go. There are many ways a restaurant can make a bad situation better, but they didn't even try. I know my organization payed a decent price for what was to be a special holiday meal and I felt bad for them. This was not a good dining experience. From my own years of working in the restaurant industry I can definitely say that Pennsylvania 6 really needs to step up their hospitality game.Order the Duck Fat Fries. I swear, you could put a bowl of those in your house and it would smell wonderful. Not because you want your house to smell like french fries, but because these french fries have the WONDERFUL aroma of rosemary. I had the most terrible dinner etiquette last night because I was holding fries up to my nose and smelling them. Wonderful. Oh yeah, they were tasty too, finished crispy but not crunchy. 
For dinner I had the gnocchi. I loved this dish! It was nice to see gnocchi presented as a savory, fall dish instead of a covered-in-sauce-with-2,300-calories dish. I loved the mix of herbs, butternut squash, apple, and brussel sprouts. I would LOVE to recreate this at home and just might try. Next time I would get it without the duck because I didn't think it added much to the dish. The gnocchi was soft and fluffy - like it should be!
For dessert I had the orange crisp and wouldn't get it again. It was served in a cast iron skillet and I could not get it down to a temperature that made it enjoyable. The pumpkin gelato it was served with was really delicious, but the cranberries, orange, and crisp.....meh. 
Service was fine, not spectacular, and the ambiance was right. The bar downstairs was very busy, but our table of 8 or so in the upstairs loft area could hear each other just fine. 
There are so many great places in Philadelphia that I'm not sure this would be the first place I come back to, but it's absolutely a solid choice for a meal.Well I must say that this a must stop if you are in Philadelphia. I have been here several times and each was memorable the menu is full of choices but all in all if you looking for a quick place to grab a drink, meet a friend this is the place.
My drink was an 8 to 1 and I grab some duck fries as an appetizer.Solid place in the city, we tried to hit up the ramen battle at Cheu Noodle Bar but got there too late and they were sold out. So it was a short walk to Penn 6, the space is really nice and open and they have TVs which was good because MNF was on. Our waiter was very nice and attentive and helpful with the menu. We started off with a combination of all the west coast oysters they have which were all really really good, I mean it's hard to go wrong with oysters. For appetizers we went with the charred octopus and the bone marrow. Again both were excellent and the octopus was cut it with your fork tender and the potatoes that came with it were a great accompaniment. The bone marrow wasn't over roasted and had the perfect consistency to spread on the crostinis that came with it. For dinner we went with a few of the burgers (cooked medium rare) and a lobster roll. The burgers could have been a little more rare but that didn't take away from the flavor. Very good burger and good bun, one that holds everything together and doesn't fall apart. The bacon was awesome and super thick cut and the fries were fried in duck fat so how can you go wrong there. The beer and cocktail selection was great, all in all a very good experience. I would like to shoot back here for brunch because I hear it is good as well.