Really good food and pretty fast service and unlike a lot of restuarants they offer vet discounts every day not jus vet day...and I come here on a regular basis so I obviously think their food pretty good...Great Early Bird Dinner Specials...the shrimp, cod were excellent.  Nice staff, friendly, attentive.  Breakfasts are amazing !I like this place. It's not special but it's good for breakfast. if you go before 9am it's cheap.  I've never eaten here aside from breakfast.  Its been around for quite a while and the staff is the same also. They are known to the regulars.  But I wanted to comment on the Pancake Dippers. The photo that they show in the menu is not what you get. It's supposed to be bacon in pancake batter and you can DIP it into sauce.  It's a total waste of money is what it is. What I received was regular round pancakes with 1 strip of bacon stuffed in them. It was the stupidest thing I've ever seen. I could've gotten regular pancakes, put bacon on top, and got the same result. dumb.Great Atmosphere and Clean! Food was Fabulous and People Friendly,Service is Great!Crowded. Children run into benches. Some kid ordered lemonade, pancakes, and french fries. Full of freaks. Need not say more. Btdubbs decent $5 breakfast, although not very filling. Sub-par presentation. And how about Dave Hakstol? Enough to ruin any breakfast at 1pm.I ate there today. They got my order wrong. I honestly only eat one thing every time I go there. That is the Chickie tender sandwich on sour dough bread. It's great. Everything else is not.Every Wednesday is kids night. They have a clown that makes balloon animals and does face painting. Food is good and a decent price too.This establishment is phenomenal. The waitresses Alanna and Ashley made our time worth while. My husband and I took the kids out for some dinner before a movie and boy were we impressed. Alanna was our waitress the first time we went and Ashley was our waitress the second time. Each time they made our experience joyful. At one point of our dinner, our children started acting out and Ashley calmed our one son down. I would recommend!Fair.  Usually a quick, inexpensive meal, but nothing really special. Food is better if you stick to " breakfast" type foods.My family loves Perkins. Before we started going here we would ask my daughter where she wanted to eat and it was always chick fil a or McDonald's but now it's always Perkins. Their burgers are pretty good and you can't go wrong with any breakfast item on the menu.First time in here although I have driven past hundreds of times. Told it was like IHOP and kind of is, but way better.
Pretty large sized menu of real American food. Don't like American food? Then you won't like this. You like places that are "really American"? - then you will be happy. The food is pretty tasty, it's pretty inexpensive, too. They had a $4, $5, $6, $8 menu with some good options. The wife and I had a delicious breakfast and only spent $5 each. Although the drinks were expensive and by drinks I mean soft drinks. I had a coke which was $2.29 - which is not like super expensive, but at the same time, it was practically half the cost of my MEAL. So it seemed a little wrong. But they have to make their money somehow. And that's how.
I noticed they had all these options to add pie to your entree which I thought was odd, and then I saw in the fine print that they are somehow affiliated with Marie Callendar's. I don't think there are Marie Callendar's on the east coast, but they are all over California. So if you are looking for something like that - this is it. Now I didn't try the pie, but it looks great and if it's anything like Marie's it will be
The service was very good. Our server looked a bit like a female Shrek, but very attentive. Will definitely be back.My mom suggested we go here for breakfast on a Sunday morning at 9am with my three kids, ages 2, 4, 6. So that's 2 adults and 3 kids. There was no wait when walked in. The hostess put us down for a party of five, took our name, and told us it would be a five minute wait. People came after us, waited five minutes to be seated, and got seated.  Parties of 2, 3, and 4 kept getting seated. I lost count after 6 tables. After 20 minutes, My mom finally asked the hostess what she waiting for as far as a table for us and we were asked if a large booth was okay. Hmm. 
When we got our food the plates were nice and hot and clean!  Unfortunately our food was barely cooked. The toast was barely toasted. The scrapple was visibly uncooked. The hash browns were not brown in any way shape or form. Tater tots were still cool inside. The grilled tomatoes never touched a hot surface. Scrambled eggs were like leather. 
My mom sent her eggs, scrapple, toast, and tomatoes back. Staff member asked her if she was sure she didn't want to finish it when The food wasn't cooked!  
I don't think she would have been asked that question is she was older than 65 because it was quite obvious the restaurant caters to the older population, at least on a Sunday morning.  We felt very unwelcome from the time we walked in because we had three kids with us. I'm sorry we didn't leave before we were seated.I'm from California and I've got to say this is the best place I had breakfast at! The French toast and chicken apple sausage has a distinct flavor that I haven't had anywhere else. To top it off the customer service is super friendly :-) I'm definitely going to be a regular at this joint...I go there for breakfast.  Large portions, decent quality.  My quibbles are that you have to ask for extra napkins and the syrup containers need to be wiped off before I use them because they drip water. 
I don't know where they store them, and I don't want to think about it overmuch, but it is kinda nasty to have water dripping on your pancakes...My husband and I discovered Perkins while driving past, and decided to go in.
We loved the atmosphere, the cleanliness and the food! We had the cheapest breakfast and neither of us could finish everything that came with it (it was from the breakfast special insert).
We then returned for breakfast on another day, and today took our son there for lunch. Everything was great, the one complaint I have is that the strawberry pie has a vanilla cream base which made it too sweet for me (I'm used to traditional strawberry pie).
Thumbs up to this place!I alway drive by this place, but for the first time last week I went in. I've been here 3 times since then. I love the fact that they serve breakfast all day, and for the cheapest prices I've seen. The quality of the food is beyond great, the amount is more than enough, the workers are friendly. Very kid friendly, especially on Wednesday night when the kids eat free with paying adult (1 adult=1 child). And even face painting and clown. The adult breakfast specials average about $4.99, but you could get all you can eat pancakes for $2.99. Bottomless cup of coffee for $2.09. Perkins is so wonderful that even with the cheap prices, u could always use 1 of their many types of coupons (10% 20% or $3 off). On Wednesday night 2 adults 3 kids came to $13 with 20% coupon...now that's a great deal. I could go on about all their specials but all you have to do is ask for their calendar it lists all of them and has 2 coupons at the bottom.Stopped in to Perkins for brunch with my family. We were seated within 5 minutes .
The waitress is very friendly and on point.
I ordered hot tea with honey and french toast over easy eggs bacon and hashbrowns. My mom ordered the same thing because from experience this platter is always delicious.
My dad ordered chicken and biscuits and my sister ordered pancakes eggs and bacon .
The cinnamon bun was fresh right out of the oven.  And the blueberry muffin was nice and fresh with crunchy sugar on top. Out of this world the fresh baked goods here i reccomend coming in just for that. 
If your not coming in to eat you can also come in and buy cakes pies muffins to go. 
This place is good for the holidays too  always decorated for the occasion and puts you in the holiday spirit. I love coming here i am never disappointed. Good place for small or large groups.Five Stars for me! Went on a date with my girlfriend and God daughter, the servers are really nice and they definitely don't keep you waiting too long. The meals were prepared very nicely and the options there were perfect for a breakfast date. Would definitely recommend to anyone who wants good service food and doesn't want to pay an arm and a leg lol. Will revisit.Poor service, waiter brought us old flat soda. My friends mother found a sticker in her food. And our waiter disappeared for 15mins so we couldn't even tell him. We had to stop some other worker to get it sent back.The restaurant has good stuff and plenty of room inside. Usually I enjoy free refills of coffee and spend a bit time while having a breakfast. I've also tried a fruit pie here and ordered with me to be wrapped. Overall its like home atmosphere here and the price is compatible.The rudest host ever Deanna. You suppose to greet customer with good morning Hi not HOW MANY? Come on show some pride !The manager on duty did slightly improve our poor Sunday experience with the inexperienced slow waiter and over fried salty pickles.  He took the pickles off the bill.  Meal was a little pricey but good.  I still enjoy Perkins but want to see who I get for service before I order.  I'd like to give them a 5 star rating I've had in past.Waitress was slow as molasses and was not attentive. Once the food did arrive it was disappointing. 
The bathroom was filthy.  It's a shame this restaurant is in the neighborhood and convenient but really not worth the trip.
I'm hoping they improve because I'm not giving up on this restaurant.5 stars because of Charles. Who is Charles?? He is the busser at this Perkins location. Why did I give this Perkins Restaurant 5 stars?
It was definitely not the food. 
The server was great. 
Clean bathrooms.
But 5 stars goes to CHARLES. 
I went in to kill some time. And I could hear someone greeting everyone! Going from table to table. Laughing. Telling his stories. Greeting each table. I thought for sure he owned the restaurant. 
Then I started hearing the other servers being upbeat, cheery, seeming to really care. 
Cheerfulness and good heartedness is contagious. 
It made me think that this world needs more of this. We need more people to be more human and care about strangers. I was a stranger there. I don't live in the area. But I felt like I had been going there for years by the way I was treated. Like I said , it was not the food that would bring me back there. It would be this lost art of making customers comfortable and welcome. Appreciated. Thank you Charles for being that ray of sunshine. You inspire me to be a friendlier person to strangers. Your attitude lifts up people's spirits. The world needs more of YOU!! I will make a better effort in my life to be more like you!!Really good pot roast. It came with 2 sidesbrhe whole meal came to 10.84. All i had to pqy for was a piece of pie. Very gruendly gelp. Good service.New pancakes with pears and cranberries. Awesome. Must try. Not too sweet. Just right. Good deal too.Chain breakfast. Gross. You'd have to be pretty low on the trashy index to walk in here.The restaurant is filthy. The food is average for being the price point. Took 4 people to clean one table. Sent the food back twice as it wasn't prepared to my order. How difficult is it to bring out hot food, and well done hash browns? The manager is rude, and the food is sub par. No wonder it's rating 3.5 stars, wasn't my first time there...certainly will be the last! My recommendation, save your money...go to Famous just behind it in Grant Plaza II!The restaurant is filthy. The food is average for being the price point. Took 4 people to clean one table. Sent the food back twice as it wasn't prepared to my order. How difficult is it to bring out hot food, and well done hash browns? The manager is rude, and the food is sub par. No wonder it's rating 3.5 stars, wasn't my first time there...certainly will be the last! My recommendation, save your money, go to Famous. It's right behind it in Grant Plaza II.....You'll thank me.My first time eating here and was definitely surprised. I got uber eats instead of actually dining in. I don't live far so my food was still warm and fresh. The dish I got was the hearty mans breakfast and it was Sooo Yummy! Im so upset with myself for not eating here sooner. If the food was this good and it was delivered I can just imagine how it will be in person. I'll definitely be back for some more!!My first and last time eating at Perkins. The order was wrong and the waitress blamed it on the Chef, not even trying to make it right. Food was undercooked and made me puke later on that night.I stopped into Perkins for breakfast today.  I normally like their food but I was disappointed.  My eggs weren't hot.  They were ok - they could have used some cheese.  Anyway, my bacon was delicious!  I like my bacon crispy and they delivered.  However, I left my hash browns untouched.  The best part of the breakfast was ruined!  They tasted like grease.  No amount of salt, pepper or ketchup could make them taste any better.  Also, the rye toast is a no-go.  It had seeds and I should have asked.  I'm more a marble rye kind of girl.Philly's best kept secret!!!! Great food, anytime of the day.......& they serve scrapple!!!! A delicious breakfast treat!!! Try the lemon blueberry pie pancakes!!!!!! Out of this world scrumptious!!!! Especially if you're a lover of the lemon!!!!!!!Been going here for years today breakfast was horrible don't know if new owner took over but my wife had diarrea after.  Will not be going back.Food isn't bad and some servers aren't the best Pro Tip Go for breakfast,  ask for Kenny.... you will never want another server.I have to admit, Perkins Restaurant & Bakery was certainly terrific. Consistently delicious, great quality and service! Perkins Restaurant & Bakery is one of these places where all the menu items look fantastic, I had Hearty Mans Breakfast and it was excellent. The staff members ensured that I was helped and answered all my questions very politely and enthusiastically. Perkins Restaurant & Bakery: Super happy.Good food with many choices. Even when they're crowded out the door you still don't wait too long to be seated. 
The restaurant is clean and the waitresses are always pleasant. 
The prices are reasonable and  you will usually end up taking home a doggie back. 
Definitely a come back restaurant!I came here for brunch with my boyfriend. The employees are so welcoming. We got seated fairly quick. My bf loves perkins and he usually orders the same thing every time, the Southern fried chicken biscuit breakfast. It comes with fried chicken fillet and American cheese inside two biscuits. also with two eggs, bacon and potatoes. I ordered the granny's loaded hash browns which had hash browns topped with ham, green peppers, onions and cheese sauce. We also ordered orange juice but mine came in a broken cup. I'm unsure why it wasn't checked before serving. Nonetheless, the food was pretty mediocre. If you are looking for fast service/food this is the place to be at.Okay first off let me say the food here is good. But they have a major sanitation problem. I've gotten sick here before but because the food is so good I come back. Today I found very long blonde hair in my cup. 
Another major problem they have here is their servers really really suck ass. Everytime we come we get different servers but still get bad service every time. Our server today was so slow. Forgetful. It was a slow day in afternoon. He messed up our order twice. And was really rude. There was a couple of us and we ordered a country fried steak skillet to share as an appetizer  since we all wanted to try it. The waiter kept asking are you sure you want this to share? There's a lot of food. Are you sure? Man guys must be hungry. Ect. 
Are you freaking kidding me?? 
Very very bad experience. Manager gave us a free item from the bakery. But I dont see us ever going back again.Horrible!!!!Took so long for simple order.Food wasn't even hot after waiting over half hour! I won't be back.They said sorry and offered me some stale muffin...gross!!!!!The menu is full of choices. And you can get pie & a drink for a little bit more. The waitresses are real nice and the waiter, James, is real nice
 They even have an expanded senior citizen menu. But the best part of the restaurant is the BOOKS you can read while you are waiting. The lemon meringue pie is soo good.The salmon casserole was sooo good.fresh tasting and not spicy. It was definitely worth getting. The service was a lityle slow. You.must try it. The rice was real good. But the best was thelemon merimgue pie. To die for@i luv the food. its really good. and they give you so much compared to other places. the prices are great as well.I love going to this restaurant. Been here over 10x and never had a problem. The food is always good. Always warm. The waiters are always nice with a happy smile. My daughter loves it as well because of the free cookies she gets. Would recommend this place to anyone.OK everybody in the Northeast must forget how to cook because they certainly don't cook like this at home.
Like I go out to eat breakfast I don't want bacon that was cooked an hour ago and taste like rubber
Cooked in  microwave. 
I bet it's microwaved lol 
And potatoes I just want them cooked like how hard is that three minutes once I read minutes the other side guys not one side
Then when I asked to have it done right it was a big problem 
Listen nobody's perfect I screw up all the time people just want their stuff fixed without all the attitude involved. like really this is what I got to deal with when I come to breakfast.
you don't need to bitch because I sent back food come on man even the manager brushed me off I'm actually very pissed off to the point I'm going to get a hold of corporate.
No need to have an attitude just do your job people
Plus I'm watching the wait staff and. Manager that she should know better put their fingers all over my plate like they were never taught basics 
come on corporate teach your employees please get your employees back on track because I am never going to eat it none of your stores ever again and I eat out almost every day because I work crazy hours
I am absolutely convinced nobody in the Northeast gives a crap about anything...
I feel that the Northeast is in desperate need of a food intervention. 
I would like to see corporate intervention send every single employee right down to the bus staff that uses one rag to clean the table the table still dirty then lol
Roflmo
Don't be in such a rush rather our food taste good I don't need it quicker I just need it right. I guarantee you.I bet 100% take your staff let cook a meal let me cook my meal I guarantee I could better and I have zero training
Then I'll get a 10-year-old in here to cook that can cook better than both of us.
And the worst part is I'm sitting in the parking lot deciding where I can go to eat because I'm still hungry like brought back out the same garbage pre-cooked bacon and fucking potatoes that were like nasty.
It's a shame the two old guys with a little trailer aren't open on weekends and I guess that's my new commitment I'm going to be eating from a roach coach that can cook better than everybody in the Northeast and I will challenge it! Bring it on let's prove corporate and everybody else that you do not know how to manage when you're passing the buck off to everybody elseI had never been to a Perkins, so I figured maybe this would be some type of enlightening experience.  Well, it wasn't.
It was like a watered down version of Ihop. I did not try the pancakes, but considering my company left theirs, I don't expect to go back to try them.
I do appreciate that they have the kids free cookies on our way out. Not enough for a 2nd star though, sorry boo.Been along time since I've been to Perkins.. I've missed alot over time.. 
I have been impressed with their food for breakfast. About 15 to 20 breakfast specials. Every day. Comes with coffee. What I like hear. They bring the coffee in a thermos with an empty coffee mug. that you fill up the cup yourself.. something different than other places. but it does make it a lot easier on the server for when you need a cup of coffee you can just fill up again yourself. On weekday morning around 9am it's pretty packed... But that don't stop the great service and being seated with in 5 min of arriving.... I had eggs, potatoes, bacon, and toast and everything was very good. Parking is never a issue. Always plenty... I do wish their was more locations around. But won't stop me from coming to this one.Carrie Is a total babe! Let me just make it simple for you guys. 80s music playing over the speakers at a perfect volume, comfortable seating, excellent staff, price and food quality and quantity is impeccable, not just great but impeccable, give this place your money immediately.I have been to Perkins many times when I was young (in grade school) but haven't really been back since and decided to give it a try!
I ordered a Create Your Own Breakfast (with scrambled eggs WELL, turkey sausage patties, crispy hash browns, and French Toast with Glazed Strawberries), Chocolate Milk, and a sugar cookie. 
The eggs threw me off guard for a minute, as they were more like strings rather than actual eggs. They still tasted good though! I'm not sure if all the eggs are like that, or only because I asked for the eggs to be scrambled well. I thought the turkey sausage patties were a little too dry for me, but I was pleasantly surprised that they gave me two (when the website mentions only one patty). I still only ate one patty since I was full and because I wasn't a huge fan of them. The hash browns were really good and they gave a decent portion! The French Toast was delicious and they gave me two slices, as well as the glazed strawberries/strawberry sauce to put on top (which put the French Toast from a 7 to a 9 out of 10!) Finally, the sugar cookie was okay, not the best. I was surprised since Perkins is also known to be a "bakery", but it was a very decent sized cookie so I was still satisfied with it.Amazed at how the server ignores the fact that there is a pandemic going on . No one was spaced out seated as usual , unacceptable we leftI have fond memories of going to Perkins with my grandparents growing up and tonight decided to try the restaurant on Grant Ave for the first time with my three small children. It was not a good experience at all. I was disappointed and a little disgusted.
The physical environment was just flat out not clean. One of the faucets in the restroom had been snapped off and you could tell from the corrosion and build-up that it had been left unrepaired for some time. Somebody had "wrapped" one of the toilets in paper towels so we didn't use it, and I had my son flush the toilet he did use with his elbow because the restroom was as filthy as a truck stop. There were bits of trash all over the floor - people busing tables were just ignoring straw wrappers that fell on the floor. Nobody has cleaned the ceiling vents or the tiles surrounding them in some time, so where the air blows out in four directions from the vent, dust has accumulated over time in the shape of a filthy cross.
I'm not in the restaurant industry, but I work at a facility that is audited by the same Department of Health as this Perkins. If we allowed people to eat where there are multiple ceiling tiles with obvious signs of water damage and mold they'd cite us with a deficiency.
I ordered the tomato basil soup because the picture of the soup shows it with those over-size croutons and I've liked having tomato soup with over-sized croutons at other restaurants. What I got was a bowl of tomato sauce and a package of chintzy saltines. The big croutons make the soup for me so I was very disappointed, and though the tomato sauce didn't taste bad I would normally eat it on something like pasta. I'm not trying to be cute, I actually think I was served some kind of tomato sauce in lieu of tomato soup and I couldn't eat it. I also had half a pot roast sandwich but I couldn't eat it as it was way too salty. Even though I really didn't eat anything I didn't send anything back or complain because I just wanted to leave.
I can't complain about the demeanor of the staff. They were very friendly with my kids and the elderly folks around us. That said, our server was in physical distress and the empathy we felt for him made the experience even more uncomfortable. When he came to our table he was pouring with sweat, really out of breath and really flushed. I don't want somebody pouring with sweat to stand next to me or handle my food, and I was upset that his manager hadn't sent him to the hospital.Service is pretty decent. Food is inconsistent. Portion sizes vary. Bacon is always undercooked. Depending on who's working what shifts as employees, I get it. One thing that should ALWAYS be consistent is the friendliness of the managers. To the thin blonde woman....be thankful your guests are still coming in. Learn to say THANK YOU at the cash register. My friend and I cashed out with you. You didn't ask either one of us how things were. You spoke to a server the whole time about who was "cut" next. You never said thank you to either of us. I may as well have been non existent. I won't be back.Meh.
FIRST thing I noticed about Perkins was that it. WAS. PACKED. (insert hand clapping emojis) Noon on a Friday? Hold on to your hats boys and girls. Packed. We came in.....stood around for a while. They take us to a table, that wasn't bussed yet, so we stood around while they did that, then sat down and waited about, literally 15 minutes before a waitress finally made it over. We were fully ready to order by then, so we got that in right away. (Side note, I WILL give them credit for the menu. It's pretty expansive, and everything on it looked GREAT with the pictures they have. They also have a 55+ specials menu, which probably explains the staggering amount of AARP members filling every seat in the house.) My lunch buddy got waffles and eggs, and I got the Magnificent 7, which was 3 pancakes, 2 eggs and 2 slices of bacon. It's $4.99 always at this Perkins, which is actually a plus.
The food, which took FOREVER to come out, was good. Nothing Earth shattering, but it was a decent breakfast at a decent price. Our server was very nice, but she was either overworked or just aloof. She dropped our food off, said "I'll be right back with some syrup," then went away for 5 minutes. When she came back to check on the table next to us, we reminded her about the syrup, and she apologized for forgetting. 
The inside was clean enough, although the little specials placards at the tables were dusty and gross, and the jellies and sugars and what not were empty at our table. (again, our table hadn't been bussed before we were sat, so maybe that had something to do with it.) I would say that technically, its a 2 1/2 star experience, as this was about as middle of the road as you can get. It's a little far for us, so I'm not sure we'll be back if we get another craving for breakfast, but it's not like I'd AVOID the place either.Perhaps it was just this particular Perkins, but it does seem that this franchise is a poor man's version of the ubiquitous IHOP. It was hard not to notice an immediate disappointment moving from the beautiful menu photos to the presentation on our plates. From proud to defeated, boisterously sensational to meekly fallen, the reality fell far from the mark. 
Not that the french toast platter and quesadillas were without taste, but that they were not nearly as grand as advertised. The brioche thick slices absorbed the egg/sugar/vanilla mix, but not quite enough to overcome its dry core. The crisp bacon was not so, and the deflated quesadillas were so thinly filled as to believe the promised steak was little more than tender shoe leather. 
True, the hall was crowded, the prices quite reasonable and the coffee topped off in a thermos pitcher on the table. Kenny's service was friendly, clever and accommodating, but could not overcome the the tools he was working with. 
Perkins appeared to be an anchor of this Grant Avenue neighborhood in Northeast Philly. It should do something to assure that it does not contribute further to its distress.I want here for breakfast this morning and it was literally probably the most disgusting thing I've ever been served in my life. I guess if you're going for anything other than pancakes you're going to be disappointed, I got a vegetable frittata that was microwaved and tasted like fish for some odd reason it was so gross. Our waitress was nice but she sucked But maybe she was new. I definitely won't be going back here. Corporate chain restaurants just aren't where it's at anymoreMy favorite breakfast spot in the NE. They have friendly staff and speedy service. The one waiter Andy is always very friendly and helpful and has a smile on his face. I went in for a birthday breakfast with my daughter and mom and Andy was so sweet he brought out a muffin with a candle on it for my daughters birthday. 
She was so happy! Every time we go in there she's looking for Andy and waving and jumping for him. The managers at Perkins are very nice and they go above and beyond to keep customers happy. I love the fact that they respect their armed services members and have a military discount for those with an ID.
 They also have free meals on Veterans Day!No... I dont wanna say anything too negative about the rude young staff, or trash food. I just wanna say no, and that ihops better.I was there today 6/22/21.  I asked for a grilled American cheese sandwich. I got velveta  the orange cheese.  I wasn't happy with it.  I won't be going back anytime soon.First time back here in about 10 years. Definitely won't be coming back here again. Subpar food,slow service and the biggest rip off. $4.50 for a kids meal (one pancake and watered down juice) wow. really ? 2.50 for toast !? Get the F outta here... This place makes Ihop seem reasonable. At least Ihop has decent quality food.
I'm Adding Perkins to the List of places that I won't be going back to. 
5 stars for the waitress though, she did the best she could.Stopped in here for breakfast thia morning . Was seated quickly and placed my order quick as well.
We recieved our food I ordered 2 eggs over easy with bacon and hashbrowns too bad the hashbrowns were cold . My husband ordered a omelet with cheddar cheese spinach and chorizo with a side of cold hashbrowns. Wasn't happy with today's food wasn't good like it usually is. The rating I give it is 2 for todayOnly giving 1 star because I had to in order to post my review. Dined at the Drexel Hill location. I was seated near the kitchen where I witnessed a waitress touching someone's food with her bare hands (it looked like she was pulling breakfast potatoes apart) and another staff person emptying the garbage next to prepared meals. First and last time at this location.I liked the "home"-y feeling in here. Even though it is a chain restaurant, it still has a family feel to it. Employees know customers by name. It's really nice.
I always liked the breakfast foods at Perkins. I even had take out before and it was still good. I'd say it's slightly better than regular diners. This place didn't let me down.