At work we placed an order.  My co-workers enjoyed their salads, but the pizza wasn't very good.  I know its a pan pizza, but the crust was doughy and not very thick, about 1/3 as  thick as deep dish and two or three times as thick as a regular NY slice.  The sauce wasn't very flavorful either.  I ate half the pizza and then just ate the toppings on the other half.Everything I've ever ordered from here was great! The veggie burgers are massive, cheap, and so good. I would also recommend the cheese fries. The pizza is amazingggg but the chicken cheese steaks could be better. Love this place! Very fast delivery.The Pizza was okay. Nothing great.  Customer service was horrible. The two miserable girls managing the register did not crack a smile once.  I definitely will not be returning here.I waited entirely too long for 12 wings and small xcheese.  People walked ordered and left with their food while I continued to wait for mine.  Finally my food was ready.  Got home the dough was hard and somewhat burnt.  I just picked all the cheese off the pizza.  The most expensive cheese I've ever paid for since the bread wasn't edible.  I should've just went to Fairmount pizza, instead of trying some place new.Super fast delivery and great prices. The food was still hot when it arrived which was great. We had a buffalo chicken pizza which was just OK. The crust was a little weird but overall it was decent. We liked the cheese fries too!The pizza is pretty good, but not worth the wait. The customer service has gotten progressively worse. On my last order for pick up, 15 minutes turned into an hour wait with no apology or acknowledgement that I had to sit and wait. There are so many other pizza options in the area, no need to go to this pizza place.I eat there often and I really like how they fixed the interior. Food is good and people picking up the phone are great.Their monster grinders might be the best post-drinking or hangover cure in the city! The other cheese steaks are awesome too. We haven't tried the pizza but the sandwiches are unbeatable!They need higher stars because I love them. Their tuna salad is my dream salad and I always go back and get it when I come back to the area. Also everything else is yum too.Do not pay attention to the sign hanging outside this place. I assure you it is a diner disguised as a pizza place. They have the best breakfast in philly at the best prices. 
The pizza / steaks / rest of menu is not bad but the breakfast is where they earn their stripes. Also, they have a daily special which includes the special item (cheese steak, burger, etc) fries, can of soda, and soup for like 8 bucks. Again, solid food but who can beat these prices.Pete's has been my go to in the neighborhood for over a decade. It's standard pizza shop fare at good prices with really fast delivery. Unfortunately recent changes to the menu have made it so I don't think I'll be going for much more than the standard pizza from time to time. They used to have an awesome turkey burger and recently switched it to a veggie burger - tried it once and what I got was basically a greasy hockey puck. Not sure if I'm the only one that ever ordered it or it just stayed in the freezer too long but it was bad. A recent order of cheese fries with whiz came with a gloopy white cheese that was just tasteless and not worth the calories. I called and they said it was American, and they aren't carrying cheese whiz anymore.  Definitely a downgrade!I ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza. Upon looking at the pizza it looks like it's going to be great. The taste leaves something to be desired. I don't know if it's the doughy crust... or the clumpy cheese. The taste was just all off for me. I doubt the cheese is fresh- it tasted like one of those pizza's you buy from the freezer section to make at home. I bought a jumbo pizza for about $20 and only took 3 bites of one slice. What a waste of time and money. As I write this I'm out $20 and still hungry :( Save yourself the p0dissapointment and go somewhere else.I'm going to be real honest, I only came in to go to the restroom and saw you had to be a paying customer to use the restroom. So I bought a small double pepperoni pizza, and holy cow I didn't regret anything by buying that pizza worth it. I didn't know I was going to be surprised on how fresh all their ingredients tasted and now I want to go back to buy a bigger pizza. UnfoThe pizza isn't very good at all, but I'm giving it stars because the cheesesteak stromboli is great.
They are open pretty late too which is a plus.My husband and I enjoy the pizza here. Its crispy which is a nice change once in a while. It is not your standard chewy flat pizza crust but it isn't thick crust. It has a bit of the texture of a thick crust pizza but in a thin crust. We love the Greek Pizza with anchovies and the Hawaiian Pizza with ham and Pineapple. The pizzas do run a little small but they are good. The owners and staff are friendly. Its a nice neighborhood choice.Excellent pizza. Came around 4 for happy hour and got $5 small pizza create your own. I am now in love with their pizza. Wish I leaved here. Looks like they have a wide variety of sandwiches and pastas too.PIZZA REVIEW ONLY.
You know what I think happens? We go on Yelp, we see that oh hey, this place has gotten not great reviews and I'm gonna do the same even though the food was okay and the service was okay. So you give 'em a little lower than you normally would. So every now and then I like to have a little courage of my convictions and give a place a nod.
First off, I GET why this place wouldn't be on your normal "like" list. Ok, it's small. More than small. Like a hole in the wall. Ok the staff are locals and not in a hipster Fishtown cool way. And they're not trying to do a song and dance for you to make you like them. Welcome to restaurants that aren't owned by Steven Starr. We stopped in here one night randomly to get a slice of pizza on our way to get ice cream (not our best day for nutrition, obviously). We stopped because I always see the people on my block ordering pizza from them which I thought was odd since there are other "cooler" places close by. But it makes sense: the pizza here is not your brick oven prosciutto with arugula and a cracked egg. It's the kind of pizza we all grew up on. Fast, greasy and cheap. Comfort pizza. Kind of like when you secretly make mac and cheese from the box instead of grating cheddar and making a roux. You feel me? The dough is crunchy and not super thin but not too thick. The pepperonis are sweating. And before you know it, you're splitting a box and doing two sessions of T-25 to make up for it. 
I'm not saying this pizza is something I would drive here from South Philly for, but for living in the neighborhood, I'm darn happy it's there on my way to ice cream.Great neighborhood spot.  Quick delivery and have never had a messed up order(have ordered several times).  Great chicken fingers, some of the best pizza for the area, great Strombolis.  Haven't really had anything that wasn't good from here.  A great place to keep in mind when you don't feel like cooking and want something quick and good.Despite obviously having just been busy, the lovely waitress here was able to seat us: a party of 4 adults, 1 teenager, 4 school aged children and an infant in mere minutes. Service was friendly and prompt, leaving us wanting for nothing. The menu had a nice variety and something for everyone. We were dining with friends from Colorado who were craving "real" pizza and this hit the spot! My husband and nephew (as well as the kiddos) enjoyed their wings. I had the vegetarian cheesesteak with veggies. I don't know what their meat alternative is, but it's delicious. The textures and flavors were just right. After eating the sandwich, i felt full and satisfied, but not bogged down or greasy. I would definitely return.This place is great. One time I went in and asked for a slice and the made it fresh in a very short amount of time. Tonight I ordered a meat lovers (pictured) and my GF had a vegan steak, both were fantastic. Reasonable wait times and friendly staff.Staff was super friendly (not sure about the rest of the city), and food was tasty. Cheesesteak was instagram worthyFantastic stop.  Parked just up the street, ran the stairs after checking out the Rocky statue, then refueled here with some cheesesteaks.  Fast, convenient, fair priced and good!Wow, there's a lot of bad reviews about this place! We have lived in the neighborhood for 3.5 years now and our go to's are Fairmount Pizza and Luigi's. Pete's is smack dab in the middle of the two. 
Randomly my husband picked up a supreme pan pizza and it was so yummy! This is probably not a good comparison but it reminded us of Pizza Hut and it had been a while since we had yummy pan pizza. Some people might turn their nose up at that, but we enjoyed the hell out of it and have ordered again since. Delivery was prompt!I was a customer of their store on Fairmount Ave for 30+ years. Never had a problem until recently. Ordered a pizza about 2 weeks ago and OMG was I shocked. Hands down this was the WORST pizza I have ever had in my life. I don't normally complain but I had to call to see what changed. I asked the girl if there were new owners and I was told yes. I wish I had known that before ordering. The pizza I got was not edible. The crust was god awful...tough, stale tasting definitely not fresh made. The cheese had to be fake because it didn't stretch like mozzarella normally does. Kinda had a plastic like consistency to it. The sauce was downright rancid. After speaking to many of my neighbors I discovered they also had the same experience. None of us intend to order from them again. Please bring back the old owner...the new management clearly doesn't care and is using inferior productsBreakfast ok. Service horrible. Have to ask for ketchup with every breakfast and am never checked in on or offered a coffee refill. Never acknowledged as a repeat customer. Overheard someone say to the waitress "Don't work too hard," to which she replied "Oh, don't worry, I won't. " Truer words have never been spoken.Ordered and the wait wasn't long. Folks were kind of rude and chick liked to stare, annoying. I got a cheese for me and pepperoni for my sis. Long story short: my sister wasn't impressed and neither was I.The pizza here sucks.  It's super bready/doughy and looks and tastes like something you'd get from Chuck E Cheese.  This pizza is worse than anything you'd get frozen, although it's somewhat comparable to Ellios, minus the rectangular shape.  I will definitely not be returning here for pizza again.While visiting places I like to check out different local places and came upon this place. When we walked in it was very small but didn't let that hold us back. We order a pizza asked for fresh mozzarella. The kitchen is open and you can see them as they fix it. They pulled out a frozen bucket of mozzarella balls and put on the pizza. Once the pizza arrived you could swim in the juices on top of the pizza. The crust appears it's frozen already flattened out. The worst part of this experience was the huge roach that walked across the floor while we was eating. It acted like it owned the place. A server seen it and kicked it under a cooler and looked to see if anyone seen her do it. I would never let my dog eat here again.Just had ice cold beers here but it was busy and definately a local favorite.Very rude woman behind the counter, they don't make a cheese steak that is even close to the value of the price they put on it, and confusing seating situation. Woman actually rolled her eyes at me when I said I wanted to dine in. Also didn't have a clue about standard toppings on a cheese steak. Your city is known for it, you claim to have a good one, but you say peppers and onions aren't standard? What the hell? I would never suggest this place due to the rudeness of its employee. I'll be sure to tell the concierge at my hotel about the experience too. Learn a little bit about hospitality.I've eaten here dozens of times because of the convenience to my workplace. I put up with some mediocre food because I figured it was a one (or two or three) off occurrence. I put up with the poor attitude of the counter girls and the overly loud weekend server who doesn't seem to understand quite how small the space is. I put up with multiple take out orders missing things or being completely wrong. 
But I'm done after yet ANOTHER wrong take out order (seriously this is the 5th or 6th time this has happened from here). There are too many competent restaurants in Fairmount to keep wasting my money on such a careless business.The best little dinner/pizza shop in Philly.  Being a New Yorker I hate Philadelphia's pizza.  I love this place!  Rich succulent pizza!Stopped in because I was jonesing for some fries with cheez whiz. REAL cheez whiz. I made this very clear. I get home and there's some crappy cheese sauce on my fries. I call to complain and they tell me they have real cheez whiz. Land o' lakes brand. Last I checked KRAFT MAKES CHEEZ WHIZ. 
So hey, when someone comes in and asks if u have cheez whiz, say no.  Ugh. Just close and go away.I have literally been eating the cheesesteaks from this place since I was kid, and now as an adult, have still not found one in the city that I can say is better. Everything else on the menu is pretty average pizza shop quality in terms of food, but the cheesesteaks alone I would give a 5 to.I mean, it'll do. It's not particularly great, but I will say that they put a crapload of veggies on their veggie pizza, which is nice. The delivery was fairly fast, though the "large" pizza was kind of piddly for the price. Pete's will pass in a pinch, but I'm still on the lookout for something better.average - but its probably the best place in fairmount for this type of food.  Fairmount has the worst places to eat in the city.So great and reasonably priced!  
My husband ordered the cheesesteak and said it was better than Gino's (which we ate at last night so we have a pretty close comparison). 
I ordered the Mac & Cheesy Burger with was AMAZING!   This burger is a multiple napkin don't order on a first date messy burger that is delicious.   It's gigantic but so good that I had to eat it all. 
My husband's fries were good for mopping up the extra cheese but I'm glad I didn't order my own as I wouldn't be able to eat them all. 
The service was very nice and laidback.pizza and chicken salad sandwiches are fantastic! Best in fairmount. Old Rome pizza add bacon, would change your life!! Delivery is super fast. Love this place!!i have to say this is probably the worst pizza i have ever eaten in Philadelphia. It is overpriced and tasted like frozen pizza when I first tried Pete's last week. Also, it is a sauna in the summertime if you want to eat indoors i would advise not to.We went to this restaurant near midnight and were very disappointed. The angus burger was simply not good, and the veggie pizza looked more like a slice of cheese pizza with toppings that had been "microwaved on" instead of baked in. Tried another slice, and the greek pizza was just awful. Our tiramisu was okay. If you're hungry and can walk no further, it's great. Other than that, pass.this is the worst pizza delivery experience I've had in fairmount or anywhere else. nearly three hours and still nothing. avoid this place. I have no idea if the food is any good because that would require tasting it. I'd would gladly give it zero stars if the app allowed it.I've only been there once around 2pm and I got a buffalo chicken pizza to go.  The place was packed with old-timers and they only had one dude working tables so it took a while to put in an order.  However, the buffalo chicken pizza was the best I've had in Philly so far.  It topped Fairmount Pizza which I enjoy, and is definitely better than Slice which is just over-hyped.I got a whole wheat turkey club wrap, and it was tasty.  I was skeptical at first because of the many different food choices, but the crispy bacon (a little salty), turkey (not the deli meat kind), and fresh tomatoes meshed well.Since the change in management I have ordered food to pick up 4 times hoping each time to have "good ole" Pete's greasy food. Each time they have messed up my order and I've been very underwhelmed. It was my local sandwich or steak shop. No more!I live across the street from Pete's and probably go here at least once a week. It's cheap, it's good, the people that work here are polite, and they even sell beer here at a reasonable price.Delicious food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Try the pancakes for breakfast. A real taste treat.pizza here not bad. the crust tastes like pizza hut's crust which could be good or bad. the cheesesteak pretty good they fry the onions just the way i like them. 
Breakfast here seems tempting and one day I'll try it. One dayMargarita pizza is bomb. Basil is fresh. Friendly service and fast pick also. Eat here at least 2-4 times a month.If you enjoy playing Russian roulette with food this place might be fun for you.  It's sad, but these guys are incapable of getting even the most basic order correct.  If you have even the slightest desire to get what you order, go somewhere else.Pepperoni  and ground beef personal pizza with an order of fries. GOOD. Breakfast is reasonable  and Good. Did it when you can.Good pizza. It's "New England" style if you know what that means. 
They do breakfast on weekends that's not half bad. 
If you're looking for a neighborhood spot with many regulars, this is it.Used to go here every Friday, was a great little pizza shop.  New owner or manager took over and killed it.  Dough sucks now, pizza tastes like it was microwaved, smaller sizes, less toppings, higher prices.  Counter Service generally slow, sat one time for 1/2 hour waiting for a pizza while people came in and ordered and left, finally figured out she never put my order in.  
Will never go back again, it's a shame, it's the closest place to my house.I really like their Buffalo Chicken Pizza.  It is by far my favorite thing to order here.
I also like the bacon Chicken Ranch and BBQ Chicken!
Pete's makes really good specialty Pizza's.  I am not a big fan of their regular Pizzas because I think their crust is on the thicker side and is just better suited for more "stuff" on the Za.  So my pro-tip, definitely order something substantial such as the Buffalo Chicken Pizza, you'll enjoy it more than just a plain pie with pepperoni or extra cheese.
They also have good sandwiches, mozzarella sticks, and other appetizers.  
The location is small and often busy, I usually get takeout or delivery from here rather than eating in. 
They are fast and good for delivery!  Staff has always been polite when I have called or stopped in.The waiter staff, Brian was super quick, 
friendly  n helpful. 
Nice assortment on menu plus Weekend  Breakfast from 8am to 1pm.
I enjoyed the Chicken Alfredo n my friend enjoyed the Mac n Cheese penne with Meatballs. 
It's nice to see the crew working together in harmony as I watch several large deliveries going out the door. They handle themselves very professional n use proper preparing skills n cleanliness with the use of gloves as well as Smile while working. 
I recommend that you visit this place.Ordered from this restaurant on a few occasions and have not been disappointed.  
The first order was a chicken parm sandwich.  Good flavor - a little heavy on the oregano, and the sauce had large chunks of onions which I was not expecting.
My second order was a pizza, in an attempt to find a good pizza in Fairmount.  this attempt was the most successful so far.  Crust was thin but not too thin, the sauce was flavorful and the cheese was cooked just right.  I will definitely be ordering from this place again for pizza!Biggest Stromboli I've ever had. It was delicious. Hubby had the triple cheese steak and devoured it. Kids split a pizza and agreed it was great.  Server was friendly and attentive.  It's a short walk from Eastern State Penitentiary and the Big Bus bus stop.Hot wings & pizza...staff & crew are good,small place but great food...i highly recommended this place for pizza & hot wings!!!Best food in the area the the staff are awesome the best lunch specials I recommend Pete's to everyone I knowI was extremely disappointed with my order from here.  I live v close by and on Saturday I couldn't bother leaving my house to get food, so I ordered delivery.  I figured you couldn't ruin a chicken cheese steak and cheese fries...but alas! I was wrong.  
The cheese steak had no flavor or cheese...it was so dry and the chicken was so chunky. It was basically slabs of under-cooked chicken on a roll.  The cheese fries were burnt as hell and the cheese to fries ratio was overwhelming.
Delivery was quick, but that doesn't matter when the food is a *thumbs down*
I won't be ordering from here again and I urge you to go elsewhere.  Luigi's next door from here is delicious and Fairmount Pizza is also yummy.Ordered a large plain pizza for pick up. Was told on the phone to pick it up in 20 minutes. Arrived 25 minutes later and ended up waiting 40 extra minutes. Asked twice about the pizza and the guy behind the counter ignored the question twice. Three stars because the owner was friendly and ended up giving us a 2 liter of soda to make up for the wait. Pizza was nothing special and wasn't worth the hour wait though.Excellent service, a wonderful owner and employees. Absolutely amazing pizza and food in general. 5/5 would definitely recommend if you're in Philly.Lived in art museum temporarily before moving out of Philly recently (spring 2019). Went to Pete's regularly. Great cheesesteaks. The best part of Pete's is the competent staff (never botched an order) and the family friendly atmosphere. Thank you, Pete's! We'll miss you!The Family was visiting the Philadelphia Museum of Art and was looking for a place to eat nearby that was not crazy upscale and expensive as there are many to those types of restaurants in the area.  When your walking around museums all day, all you want to do is sit down and rest and not get ripped off on a quick lunch or diner.  The food at Pete's Famous Pizza Restaurant was  fairly priced for the area and the food was very good.  The staff was friendly, we had no complaints and would recommend if your in the area.The Pizza is only edible because the crust is not good (That it's pan pizza probably has something to do with it....). The wings are ok but too greasy.This was really good!! The chicken was so tender and flavorful. And the sweet potato fries Fogetboutit! Yummy 
I didn't order the pizza, I'm a NYer and nothing compares to our pizza. My daughter ordered the margarita pizza, it "okay" lol The fresh mozzarella was good on it but the dough needs a little work.
Small place, but super friendly people and food came out fast.This place is just fine. Nothing special but not bad either. Club sandwiches are really good, but the chips that come with it are the greasiest and are usually all smashed crumbs. I know a lot of people don't care for the pizza, but it's fine. They are really slow here, even for cold sandwiches I always like to call well in advance of when I will be picking up. The salads are really boring, but the chicken caesar comes with a mountain of chicken, and I like that they pre-butter the rolls with way more butter than I would ever allow myself to have otherwise.This is like my last desperate pizza place that I call to deliver because I forget how boring the food is and and I'm too lazy to go from Brewerytown to Luigis (which for some reason doesn't deliver .5 miles away).
I still order from here, and for the most part everything is just mediocre. From the subs to the poppers its all just bland.  The pizza crust reminds me of the prefab ones you can buy at the supermarket and the slices are usually very greasy.
One time I went there to get a cheesesteak (much better than their pizzas) and a girl complained because there was glass in her sandwich.
Despite all this, for some reason, I still order food from here.  Why?I like this spot.  They have good run-of-the-mill pizza shop food.  I do make a point to tell them I want my pizza well done because they have a tendency to undercook them, which is also an issue with the mozzarella cheese fries.  The cheese barely melts before the pull it out of the oven.  Note to cook: I know you deal with a wide variety of tastes, but It's ok if it has a little color; no one likes barely melted cheese. 
The steaks have always been excellent too.  They use good rolls and have the right ratio of cheese and meat.
Note here: to the tourist below saying he'll let his concierge know (I'm not making this up, look for it) that this place messed up his "standard toppings" on his steak, as a lifelong Philadelphian I can assure you - despite what Johnny-come-lately suburban self christened Philadelphian guide-writer writes, peppers are not standard.  You need to ask for them.  If anything is standard around here it's the attitude, especially when confronted with know it all tourists who lecture a multi-decades old business on how their food is locally improper.  What a farce.Average pizza place. There's better in the area. I would recommend it if you're on the block looking for a pizza place, don't want to walk any further and it's this place or Luigi's (see my 1 star review) a block away but there's overall better pizza places in the area. Not bad for the price but overall nothing special.Literally the worst place to order from... we have ordered from them a handful of times and have asked EACH time for the pizza to be lightly baked with light sauce and each time it comes burnt... it's extremely annoying to constantly have to call them to tell them that the pizza is burnt... how hard is it to not burn a pizza? I mean it's a pizzeria... your job is to bake pizzas...and not burn them each time... never ordering from them againContinues to disappoint. Caesar salad is not slightly resemble its namesake... tomatoes and cucumber parmesan from a shaker can. Call it something, but not a Caesar. Pizzas are ok but other food, last resort onlyI was excited about ordering here because some of my coworkers told me it was alright and pretty moderately priced. I found out that because I work at the Franklin Institute I get a 10% discount which is always a pretty cool thing. The first time I ordered I got a cheese steak and when I asked for a toasted roll the cashier told me (with an attitude) that they all come toasted. I personally appreciated this because I HATE soft greasy rolls with a cheese steak.  The cheese steak was good and well priced as it was pretty big and filled with meat and cheese nicely. My only complaint was that the pickle came as an entire spear on my steak. I didn't like that because it made biting the sandwich awkward so I ended up chopping it myself. The staff that day was particularly rude and that's why this review has three stars. 
 The second time I ordered I got an Italian hoagie , which was not as great as it looked because it was overloaded with cheese. I like provolone cheese but I can't stand too much of it because its balmy. Otherwise the hoagie was awesome (once I removed a quarter pound of cheese from it) and the staff was friendlier the second time around, and I even remembered to mention my TFI staff discount.Good pizza , chicken fingers and always quick delivery . Also, the Jumbo pizza is huge and even tastes good reheated .Place a order tonight for pizza  steak platter, chef salad, mozzarella sticks at 7:52pm.  Received my order at 9:04pm.Let's just be straight here, if you are looking for a no-frills solid pizza at a cheap price in Fairmount, then look no further than Pete's. The food is decent, the staff is good, ad everything is nice and affordable. Perfect if you have a bunch of friends over and you need to order lots of pizzas and appetizers for a game.
But like I said, do not expect anything amazing. Tapered expectations is the best way to enjoy a neighborhood pizza place like Pete's.Horrific customer service. They aren't letting people in so we stood outside and tried to call 5 times. All 5 times someone picked up and hung up quickly . When the Lady came outside to give food to the ONE customer that was waiting we asked how we can order and said the phones don't seem to be working. She said she's CLEARLY extremely busy and do we want to order or not . She Stormed back inside and we went down the street to fairmount pizza. Needless to say won't be going back... also FYI, If you are going to work in a restaurant your mask should cover your nose !!!!It's ok pizza... I wasn't a fan of the crust. Seemed extra soft and doughy. I like a floppier pizza.Do yourself a favor and order from anywhere else. My boyfriend and I decided to give it a try despite reading other bad reviews, and I really wish we hadn't wasted our money.  To start off they told us it would be delivered in 45 minutes, an hour and a half later we call and they say the driver is in traffic... we live less than 5 away. The cheesesteak was supposed to have fried onions and provolone, it had no onions and American cheese. Pizza was edible, but not good. Crust is definitely frozen... whole pizza could have even been frozen. Needless to say we will not be ordering from there again. Oh yeah check out the fried pickles they sent, mush.  Right in the trash.We ordered a margherita pizza and salad from Pete's last night. First I would like to say the delivery was fast and the delivery person was very nice- but the pizza was cold. The salad wasn't bad.
That being said, I was really disappointed in the pizza. The crust was very dry and hard and had very little flavor, which we might have been able to overlook. But, the pizza was mostly tomato sauce with very small slices of mozzarella that covered about 1/8 of the pizza and maybe 1 or 2 basil leaves per piece. Luckily I had extra mozzarella on hand to make the pizza a little bit better. 
I'm not sure if we just ordered the wrong thing or if it was on off day - but the pizza was just not even close to being good. I probably won't order from here again.Pete's famous is a great little neighborhood place to get good pizza and pasta. They have a giant menu with sandwiches, pizzas, calzones, pasta, salads and a ton of other things. We typically get the Pete's Famous special pizza, which is essentially a supreme pizza .The crust is super buttery like a pan pizza, just great pie. I also recently got the fettuccine alfredo with bacon and peas that was delicious! We've never had a bad meal here, it definitely gives you what you're loking for in a neighborhood pizza and pasta joint!