Came here to do some work and was pleased with their outdoor tables in a cutie patootie little neighborhood. Deliciously sweet chai tea. They have a small selection of sandwiches and croissants and muffins and cookies-- just enough variety to make it a good study area. Great staff too! Oh and I like that you can leave your Java card here, so every time you get to the cafe you can find your card and get it punched to earn free coffee. I'm constantly emptying my wallet of these cards because they clog my wallet up, so it's nice that they can keep it here for you!Good coffee (la colombe), funky eclectic chairs, good atmosphere and happy people! Cheery spot, fun to hang out in.Went here for coffee and a bite to eat.  The coffee was just ok (had an americano). The grilled cheese was very good and the atmosphere was nice. We snagged a window seat and my daughter enjoyed sitting and watching everyone walk by.  The place is very small and tight though if you have more than 2 people (we had three).The coffee was tasteful, the environment pleasant and it's a nice spot to get some work done.  My complaint is that they need a new filtration system because when I left, my clothes smelled like I'd been working as a fry cook all day.so this place has great coffee, friendly staff, delightful corner location, free wi-fi and reinvigorating AC. so what pushes it over the edge from just a fab local coffee shop to a super-awesome-uber-fantastic place for brew, snacks and bites? 
they have freshly made MACARONS. delivered DAILY. from a local french bakery/pastry shop that cannot be named in the city. MACARONS!! 
i know, i know. we're still really into the cupcake thing. and don't get me wrong, i live for cupcakes (ahem and cake). but sometimes a girl just needs a macaron. 
they have a variety of flavors each day. eat them. enjoy them. sip your coffee. people-watch the locals. nibble on some light fare. pet the dogs. read everything on the interwebs. 
indulge. but you stay away from the pistachio macarons! 
if you eat them all, there will be none left for me, and then it will be such the very sad day.Friendly and dog friendly as well. They have an outside seating area, and tables inside. In my opinion this coffee shop gets my business because they have a customer loyalty system in place with a punch a card.. For every ten drinks you purchase you get two free. Its the little things that set this neighborhood spot ahead of the coffee shops in the area. They also brew and sell La Colombe coffee.On a hot day, nothing is better than an ice cold coffee. It would appear that Philadelphia Java Company knows this as well. After seeing a movie at Riverview, and biking around in south philly, I was literally melting, but luckily I happened across the Philadelphia Java Company while on Christian street. The inviting exterior with it's nice type and healthy amount of out door seating just said, "come on, take a load off." So I obliged the now talking chairs and tables, obviously induced from the heatstroke I was receiving. Upon entering, it was this beautifully decorated, well air conditioned, relaxing interior. A couple of people were on laptops, a happy air about everyone. Nice, relaxing music was playing on their stereo, which was great to enjoy while I sat inside and enjoyed my awesome tasting iced coffee. Just make sure to ask them for the recycling bin when you're done!Our favorite neighborhood coffee shop; good coffee, nice treats, and a great staff!!I just discovered this place last week.  It is within walking distance of my new house and I fell in love.  It's extremely inviting and seems to have awesome customers/staff.  I love that you can bring you dogs inside.  I am truly impressed.I really love this place! I've come here a number of times to get some work done, and have always experienced very good and friendly service. I love the coffee and the eggle! (get the eggle!)
The shop itself is really nice (cute) and when its warmer out they open the windows which is really refreshing. I would certainly recommend this place!I came here for the first time recently. I ordered an Iced Chai Latte with soy milk. It was probably one of the best chais I've ever had. If you're looking for a coffee shop to get work done in Queens Village, this is the spot.  Pro tip: If you come here for a first date, grab some coffee and go for a walk or sit outside. The cafe is really small and really not suited for a sit down coffee date.For a neighborhood coffee joint with local owners, this place is great!  My husband and I love it and it couldn't be more convenient for us.  The staff and owners are very friendly, coffee is always good, and the bagel and egg sandwiches are out of this world.  If you can get the owner to tell you what's in the secret blend of spices, you're a winner!  We still haven't figured it out.  
Seating is great, patrons are friendly, and the yogurt parfait is a weekend morning staple.In choosing a local coffee shop, great coffee is mandatory, but just as important is the feeling that you get. This place nails both. I'm a nurse who works really long hours, I frequently stop here before work. On days that I'm dragging, or just not looking forward to a long day, the friendly owner & baristas of Phila Java Co help my day get off to a good start. As cliche as it sounds, service with a smile really makes a difference.Just enjoyed the best latte I've ever had.  This coffee shop is the best in Queen Village, possibly the entire city of Philadelphia.Great coffee and food, community feel, however it does feel really overcrowded sometimes (probably because it's so good and reasonably priced.) Overall it's a pretty great coffee shop!Love this spot! Great coffee, great atmosphere, dog-friendly.. and such a sweet staff! My favorite coffee spot in Queen Village. I live above *another* coffee shop in QV and go out of my way to give this place my business!Still come back here regularly for the mozzarella sandwich. Still one of my favorite things to eat. Who woulda thought?Good espresso, balanced and served at the right temperature, food is good as well, good variety of sandwiches and some Mediterranean recipes and toasts. Definitely recommend if you want to chill on a Sunday afternoon.reasons why you should come here:
1. eggles for breakfast. make sure you get it toasted. these things are the bomb and i love starting my saturday mornings with a hot eggle.
2. macarons. why not give yourself a sweet treat? :)
3. la colombe. yes, please, and thank you.
4. free wifi
5. outdoor seating
6. pup-friendlyThe eggel and the labeh bread are amazing. Good coffe and chai lattes as well. Good atmosphere.I've passed by this cafe more times than I can remember. After reading rave reviews about their coffee and macarons, I decided to stop in today on my way home. Unfortunately, I was sadly disappointed. I ordered a cup of coffee but what I received was tasted watered down and flavorless. I know they brew La Colombe, which I love, so I don't know what went wrong here. 
Also -- the hype over the macarons is just that, hype. I tried the coffee and chocolate, both of which were extremely sweet and the flavors just didn't come through.Great atmosphere. 
Super friendly staff. 
Dog friendly.
Cute outdoor seating lining the building.
Munchies in addition to great coffee.
LOVE.Great place to get some work or studying done. The menu selection for drinks are limited, and the place tends to get busy. But there's plenty of tables inside and out. I'm a huge fan of chai lattes and by far java has one of the best I've had.amazing food. great coffee! lots of seating. dog friendly. super friendly staff. mg favorite coffee shopMy wife and I were enjoying a lovely Jewish Apple Cake and latte at this establishment when we were HORRIFIED when another patron entered with what at first glance was a rabid K9 looking to quench its bloodthirst, but much to our relief it was simply a dog, most likely a "rescue". I felt uncomfortable with any eatery that would allow such a filthy creature roam about it's floors. We shant be returning.I've had their eggle sandwich a couple of times and it's my new favorite. Hard-boiled egg, pesto, cheese on a bagel. It's soooo good. I recommend getting it toasted. The coffee shop is simple and I like that. And most importantly, good coffee. The baristas have always been friendly too. I believe they have other sandwiches, oatmeal and treats though not a particularly huge selection.What a cute place, and it's dog friendly! :D This has become my weekend spot for coffee especially when my dad comes in town; he requests it now and we feel comfortable just sitting and talking for a while in their nice seating areas inside or outdoors. I also love the pesto/egg bagel sandwich; a little salty but it is very tasty!I'm not a coffee drinker although coffee has been huge in our family for generations. I generally don't like the bitter taste of it nor can my body handle the rush of caffeine. One a very tiring day, I stopped by to get a soy cappuccino. The best soy cappuccino I've ever tasted. No joke. It was creamy, delicious and everything I wanted out of life at that moment :D. The staff was very friendly!Stopping in here before work has become a morning ritual for me. The coffee is great and the service is prompt and friendly. They really did a nice job fixing up what was once a copy repair store, installing large windows that open up onto the sidewalk and adding outdoor seating along 2nd Street.
My only gripe is that the seating inside could be a little more inviting, but they are short on space and appear to be maximizing the seats.I make a special trip to stop by this cafe every week during the school year on Saturdays to pick up an iced americano and mozzarella sandwich. The pressed mozzarella sandwich here is one of my favorite foods of all time. I don't know what's in it that makes it SO delicious and so much better than any other mozzarella sandwich, but it's delicious. I think there might be salted olive oil on the bread or something? Or melted butter? I'm not sure. But I know that those few times when I go in and they're sold out, it's gonna be a bad day. 
The only reason I knocked off one star is because of their mochas. They use awesome la colombe coffee, but I'm pretty sure they make their mochas using hershey's syrup *insert nails on chalkboard sound clip*. It's so simple to switch over to a nice homemade mocha powder! Why ruin the mochas with fake chocolate syrup. Sigh! If they ever switch, it'll be 5 stars from me. But for now, I'm sticking with the iced americanos.There was a very odd smell when I walked in, a mix of coffee and chemicals and room freshener, sooo out I went to someplace else!I like the java jawns & this one's jus round the corner from me. Very popular neighborhood spot. It's winter & people still get some coffee to sit at the outside tables...probably mostly to smoke but its nice the tables are still there for those who don't mind so much the risk of frostbite &  gangrene. I like the tea & I chug coffee.5 stars.There's nothing like sitting outside on a beautiful day, latte in hand, with a pal or business associate. So if you're going to do it, this is the place to set it up.
The coffee is great and made with a smile, and they have delicious banana bread that makes my tummy say yes. It's easy to find parking, too, so that means I'm usually not late when I'm meeting someone here. That is worth one star in itself.
They also play good music - Cat Power was blasting today, and that made me love this place even more. Whenever I'm in Queen Village this is my go-to spot to get caffinated.I'm glad I have my favorite coffee shop right in my neighborhood. It's really cute and everyone that works there is very friendly.
Besides from coffee/teas they serve there - the thing that sticks out is the Eggels. It's so simple but it's so delicious. I would have never though to put boiled egg/pesto on a bagel! Genius! They also have these tarts are so tasty. It's like buttery goodness - I'd recommend the almond/raspberry one of the three they normally display.I had been meaning to come to this place for awhile. I really enjoyed it. About 10-12 little tables with chairs and some outside seating for a nice day. They have a small menu which includes the Eggel which is a fried egg with pesto and cheese on a bagel that was pretty good. We also tried the toast with yogurt olives and olive oil and that was also pretty satisfying. We got there around like 12:30 and there was only one Eggel left. I mean we were definitely there past the normal breakfast time but FYI they only make a certain number of Eggels every morning and when they sell out they don't make more.
Going to this place made me wish I were still in school so I had a good excuse to go hangout there with my laptop for a couple hours. Really good atmosphere with exposed brick and great music selection (not too loud, just enough to add a little to the background noise). I will definitely be coming here on a rainy day with book to just read for a while with big mug of coffee.Given the city's ever-growing landscape of incredible coffee shops, many within a small radius of Philly Java Company, I don't think the true coffee lover can give it better than an "okay" rating.
Nothing bad to note about the "place":  Clean, friendly, plenty of seating indoors and out.  But at the end of the day it's about the coffee itself, and this is where PJC falls short.  Walk four blocks north to Bodhi or four blocks west to Shot Tower and the difference is vast and undeniable.A little more upscale than the original location and not quite as large.  The coffee and food are as good asa the original location.  Free wi-fi and dog friendly.This place is so freaking charming and cute from the outside I just had to stop by for a visit. Looks can clearly be deceiving. The interior seemed much less cozy and my iced mocha was a total disappointment, as evidenced by the fact that I threw out half of it. The baked good I had (some sort of bread- I think Zucchini) was dry and totally forgettable. Hmm guess I won't be lured back into this shop again..This place is so insanely idyllic, it's ridiculous.  Whenever I want friends from New York or elsewhere to consider moving to Philly, I stroll them past it and nonchalantly suggest we grab coffee there, as though there's a comparable coffee shop on every corner.  
There's not.  Philadelphia Java Company is heads above the rest.  
Service is great.  Several of the baristas have been there for years.  Prepared foods are scrumptious (I'm talking to you, hummus wrap and mozzarella and tomato sandwich).
The huge windows, consistently strong wifi connection, and decent availability of power outlets make this a great location for doing work.  And while it's not uncommon for the majority of the twelve or so tables to be taken by other customers, I've never once had to wait for one.  
One caveat: The coffee is a touch on the weak side.  But refills are only a buck, so there y'go.  Caffeine fix fixed.Yummy, solid drinks every single time. I range from regular coffee with room to a mocha with skim milk to a lovely iced tea or an orange juice and have never been disappointed in my beverage. I have never actually eaten here, but the food in the case always looks fresh and yummy and they have labneh, which I've been dying to try. They also seem to cater to writers and work from the coffee shop type crowds with a good amount of tables, wifi and a little book section that just happens to include a copy of writer's market. They'll also keep your drink card on file in store, which entitles you to two free drinks after the purchase of ten. Nice customer loyalty. I like it.My go to cafe for yummy pannis, coffees, and outdoor seating.  On a nice sunny day, bring a friend or two to have a seat outside with you and sip on iced coffee.  You can't go wrong and service is always friendly.Solid work place with lots of tables and great lighting. My girlfriend was determined to eat the notorious eggle they have here and gave it a solid 10/10. Not many options for people with dietary restrictions but the coffee is strong and hot as magma. Your mouth will pay the price for your impatience at this place. I like it.I normally try not to be a "regular" at any given place, however, I make an exception for Java Co.  I'm terribly boring; I always order the same coffee, and croissant when my little one is in tow.  They are efficient and friendly here, to be sure.  The coffee is expensive (average $3.75 per cup) but it will take care of your fix!  Plus, I'm not into the coffee scene, and this establishment is blissfully free of pretentiousness.I couldn't be more pleased that I just moved in down the street from this delightful coffee shop.  Great coffee, sandwiches, and service!I was so excited when I saw the owners were renovating the ground level of this once-ugly building. I talked to them several times in anticipation of the opening, and they are soooo nice! Now it's been opened for a year, and I'm a fairly regular customer. Living in this corner of Queen Village, I'm really happy to say that it has transformed the intersection completely. Neighbors and friends are often meeting here for coffee and sandwiches, inside and out. Everyone sitting outside looks really happy and relaxed, too. 
The owners recently planted some trees there, too, and regularly interact with their customers. They seem to know everyone there, and always smile and wave. I stop every Friday for my caramel latte, and it's very yummy. They recently added some chocolate cheesecake muffins, which are almost as good as my mom's! I spend some quiet time there when I need my space, too, and I agree - the music, I think off the iPods of the baristas, is always cool.My wife and I stopped here after visiting the Philadelphia Magic Gardens. We ordered cappuccinos in a mug rather than in a paper cup. The barista simply smiled and said, "No problem at all."  We got our cappuccinos (and a walnut and anise biscotti) and went outside to sit at one of their French cafe tables. 
As we were enjoying our coffees, we unexpectedly found ourselves in a slice of life movie that included for characters a man with a beard speaking on his phone in some type of Baltic language, a women walking her dog (she told us his name was Nathan), and an old and very odd man who strolled by telling really bad jokes. 
Before we left, I went back in and noticed something I didn't expect to be in their food counter; what a surprise it was to find rice pudding sprinkled with cinnamon and topped with walnuts. It was absolutely delicious!
I would highly recommend this nice little coffee shop to anyone looking for great coffee, yummy food, and a friendly atmosphere.Delicious coffee and snacks and friendly service.  Their apple cider donuts are delicious in the fall.Absolutely top notch!  Drinks and food are amazing and the service is even better.  You have to experience the java!I love the mozzarella sandwiches here. So good. But the ventilation is poor and I always smell when I go there. I wish they could fix this....The Gang from It's Always Sunny approves, so it's good enough for me!
Great place to sit and read while you enjoy a perfect cappuccino or herbal iced tea blend. Good strong coffee from La Colombe. I love the huge open windows and outdoor seating. Bright and clean. Quieter and more friendly than the other Java location (on 4th), so I prefer spending more time here.I have lived in queen village for the past 2 years and the PJC has been my #1 spot for morning coffee and small eats. They have the best lattes - and all drinks are hand made, never diverting from their great tastes! I have friends who come down on weekends and regularly request to go here on weekend mornings. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. Their chocolate/banana vegan bread is SO good and homemade (Im also NOT vegan) - great neighborhood joint!Excellent latte and chocolate croissant!! They have a really nice bathroom which was a relief (literally) as I had been Uber driving.PJC has become a Saturday morning tradition for my family of 3 (sweetie, furry friend, and me). Let me share the reasons why this place is awesome:
1) La Colombe. 
2) EGGEL: bagel, pesto, sliced hard-boiled egg, all grilled to a warm perfection.
3) Irresistible sugar donuts.
4) I feel like I'm sitting in a European cafe, even though I'm 8 blocks from my Pennsport Pride digs.
5) I'm pretty sure they love my dog almost as much as I do.
6) Awesome, super pleasant staff that always remembers my sweetie is a decaf drinker.
7) Right around the corner from my furry friend's favorite dog park at 2nd and Queen.
(PS: The only thing that kept me from 5 stars is the genericness of the prepackaged Philly cream cheese container that comes with your bagels. I wish you put it on the bagel and that you offered some more variety in flavors).This is a total local oasis in super cute old Swedish neighborhood. I felt like I was at a chill rustic but clean-style European cafe. 
We got iced americanos and would've tried the food (labneh, tuna salad in individual real Tupperware (!), healthy-looking wraps or mini baguette sandwiches) but we already had a huge meal. 
Service was nice. Music was audible but chill and not stressful.
Has nice seating inside and outside.All you need to know is that the eggel is a life changer! The owner (or the woman that I am assuming is the owner) is super sweet and will remember you after just a few visits. The staff is super pleasant. I stop here 2-3 days a week before work and am never disappointed!!! :)I come here pretty much everyday. It feels like home. The coffee is some of the best I've had in the city, the prices are reasonable, the food is surprisingly delicious (try the eggle), and the staff is always amazing.This is a great little nook in the Queen Village neighborhood. There aren't a lot of coffee shops in this area, so this is a great place to go to meet up with a friend, get some work done or read a book.
The vibe and decor has a European feel to it in part because there are lots of small round tables scattered about inside and outside - much like you'd find in Paris. The staff is friendly and orders always come out quickly. I love coming to this place whenever I get the chance.My go-to place for a nice iced vanilla latte. The service is friendly and quick. Ask for a frequent flyer card when you get there!Solid neighborhood coffee place. I'm a freelancer and I've been coming here to work a couple times a week. 
The service is good and friendly. Drinks are pretty good but the coffee is a little on the weak side. 
Overall I can't complain. 
Strong wifi connection and I really like the banana bread.Sometimes I get a serious craving for their labneh bread.  It's soooo good.  And the eggel sandwich is really good too.  They always try and toast everything before they serve it to you but I think most of their stuff is better cold, so be sure to specify.Fantastic coffee, but took FOREVER just to stop in and grab 2 coffees. Hipsters will enjoy. I think I'll go to wawa next time.This is the best coffee shop in Philadelphia and I'll fight anyone who doesn't agree. Their coffee is perfect. Their iced coffee is even more perfect. Their simple syrup is thick enough that it sweetens your coffee without watering it down at all. Their lattes are not messing around- I've had one from every barista that works here and they all know what they're doing. As far as food, I've only had the mozzarella sandwich and the eggel but they both rock. The eggel in particular, which is not at all a classic bagel sandwich- it has creamy sliced hard boiled eggs and zaatar which makes my lebanese heart do flips. Now lets talk about the punch cards. One punch for every drink, 10 punches and you get TWO free drinks. Two. Any size. Any drink. The foolproof system I have developed is- Pay for 10 small iced coffees over the course of a week or two. And on Monday I start my day with a large soy latte, what a treat! And as if that's not enough, you still have another free drink waiting for you. Maybe you use one on Friday to celebrate, and the other on Monday to motivate you. Or take your partner on a date and use them both at once. Or save them for when you're completely broke from buying coffee every day but you still need your fix. Last but not least, the service. Wow! I come to Java every weekday before work and have never had an unpleasant experience. One or two of the baristas tend to be on the quieter side, but I think that is less of a reflection of their customer service skills and more of a personality trait. Most of the baristas are not only polite, but downright warm and friendly. Food & drinks come out quickly even when the place is busy (which is often.) They hand me the soy milk without even having to ask (which is free, by the way.) The woman who I assume to be the owner says hi to me every time I come in, even if she would otherwise not be interacting with me directly at all. I often see many of the people who work here out and about since I also work in the area, and they always say hi or smile & wave even outside of the customer-employee setting. The extremely dreamy barista who works here is still very kind & talkative to me despite my inability to speak to them or even look at them without being flustered (sorry.) All in all, coming to Philadelphia Java Co is often one of the high points of my day. The food & drink, the staff, and the overall environment are all absolutely wonderful, especially compared to virtually any other coffee shop in Philadelphia. The only thing I would change is to move them to West Philly so I could have a coffee experience this nice on the weekends as well.I like the coffee but the bagel situation made me remove a star.
I stopped in here Saturday morning to grab coffee and bagel.  I've had their espresso and their brewed coffee, both great.
The nice girl behind the counter toasted my bagel.  I was so set to get in the car, take my drive and munch on my toasted bagel with cream cheese.  What do I find 15 minutes later on the road?  A plastic knife and a tub of Philadelphia cream cheese.  It's not her fault, that's the policy of the place.  This was an inconvenience for me.
I can see if they offered no prepared food whatsoever, but when I see nicely made sandwiches and eggels (eggs on bagels) please, just keep some cream cheese around and schmeer it on when someone orders it.
On a positive note, I was able to apply cream cheese on a toasted bagel while doing 75 mph going up the northeast extension.  Hidden talent #47Just moved to the area and was thrilled to find a coffee shop so close. First visit was amazing. Everyone smiling , people chatting happily , owners engaging with customers. Since then my view is more ambiguous. Baristas seem overwhelmed  at times and will not acknowledge  you if they are busy. 
It also has a clicky  vibe. Like high school. The locals rule this place.  
The s menu is unique but very specific. I don't always want pesto at 8am. Lol 
They are very welcoming of pets which is great as an animal lover. 
If there was more competition in the area I don't belive this place wouldn't have the cult following it has. 
I wouldn't go out of my way to come  here .What a way to start your day.  I love petting the dogs.  Great cup of coffee.Great spot. Lots of sunlight and outdoor seating to relax, coffee is good and I love the Turkish twist on things. The "Eggel" is the best - unique - bagel sandwich around, though they always sell out quickly on the weekends (leading me to wonder why they don't stock more). It's a bagel with zatar (Turkish version of pesto), sliced hard boiled eggs and cheese, which they put on a panini press - completely awesome. The croissant with zatar is also awesome.We were freezing so stopped for a cup of joe on the way back from the mummers parade. we had delicious and highly recommended cappuccino, and awesome fresh banana walnut bread. We were pleased with our first experience at this friendly place and we will for sure be back.
Four and had Yelps!This is a cute coffee shop to work at. They have good coffee, plenty of small 1-2 person tables, lots of natural lighting, and a good selection of pastries. 
I didn't give five stars just because there are little things that need to be addressed: the tables could be wiped off more frequently by staff and the bathroom needs a paper towel holder and could just be a little nicer looking in general lol (I just feel like the coffee shop is cute so the bathroom should match). 
Their music selection is fine. I'm not sure what to call the genre, but it's cool. Def not my preferred R&B or Neo-soul vibe. But that's cool.Let's talk about hot apple cider... that oft-forgotten member of the hot beverage family.
I love the stuff.  I could drink it everyday.  But I don't.  Why?  Because there's nary a place in southern California that serves it.
Hence, when I saw hot apple cider (with cinnamon!) prominently featured on a sign in the window of the Philadelphia Java Company, I knew I had to take the opportunity to pop inside for a sweet, warm, and delicious pick-me-up.
The coffee shop is quite adorable, with marble tables, eclectic and mismatched furniture, and a cozy atmosphere.  The baristas were total eye candy (not as though I'd *ever* let the attractiveness of the staff sway my opinion of a business -- perish the thought -- this boy has *ethics*).
The cider itself was pretty damn good.  For $3, it did the trick nicely.  It seemed slightly watered-down, but I was in no place to be picky, given how bitterly cold of a day it was.  The real highlight was the generous shave of cinnamon.
All in all -- a solid coffee shop.  I can't think of a better spot for a quick-and-easy warm-up in the Pennsport area.I usually try to make it here once a week.  I live in the neighborhood and although there are plenty of places to get a coffee I've found this to be my favorite.  It's a relaxed atmosphere, free wifi, and the baristas usually play decent music although they've been stuck on the national lately.  Basically I hang out and people watch.Love Love Love!!!
Their sugar free caramel cappuccino is giving my tastebuds the most divine pleasure!Really solid spot.  Latte was delicious and the barista got very excited when I asked about caramel flavoring.  Thank you for getting taking pleasure in my flavor choices.  I appreciate your passion.The best coffee shop in town.  Alia and Fadwa are the best.  The sandwiches and pastries are on point and delicious.This coffee shop can get busy during the day but a great spot to post up study, business meeting, etc if you can get a spot. They have a couple outlets if they could add more in an efficient way with out extensions (outlets coming from the floor under tables?) tripping up people that would be even more clutch for business. Vanilla latte is good if you are scared to explore can't go wrong with it. The vibe in the shop really helps me study well for some reason. Lots of windows for natural light.It's nice to have a coffee shop that opens early in the AM but not when it takes ten minutes to get a black iced coffee.  That has been my experience the two times I've been here.  No acknowledgement, you must wait for what seems like a long time while person comes out from the back or decides to take your order.   The person people in front of me got sick of waiting and walked away, I thought I'd stick it out and wait.  After ten minutes went by I left and went elsewhere.  Ain't nobody got time for that...  Herman's coffee is a great option - just a few blocks away.Best in the neighborhood and Queen Village! Amazing ambiance, friendly staff, and the owner is the best ever :-)  Many of the regular patrons know each other. A true neighborhood staple!This is my favorite coffee shop in town. It is so good that even though we moved out of the city, we still make trips into the city on Sunday mornings just to come to Philadelphia Java Company! The coffee is really solid (I have had better, but the coffee here is still really good and hits the spot). Their toasted eggles (bagels with hardboiled eggs, cheese, and herb mix) are amazing! They have become my favorite breakfast food and the herb mix that they spread on them is super addictive! The banana bread that they sell is also really good and I usually finish off my eggle with a piece. All of these things are enough to keep me coming back, but the icing on the cake is that you get super friendly service. The owners and the baristas are all genuinely nice and do not have any of the "coffee shop attitude" that you can find in other places. The people who work here, including the owners, take time to get to know you and what you order and even give my dog a treat! They go out of their way to make your experience there really great, which is not something you always find in a coffee shop.I gave this place a few chances as it's on my way to work. I guess I just gave up trying to find something on the menu that I liked. I tried a lavender something kombucha that was $5.75 and (I hate wasting) couldn't even finish it. I tried their banana bread and it was so dry I had to chase each bite with water. I tried two different coffee drinks (I usually get a mocha or latte) and honestly they were not worth the money. However there are always people here so maybe I'm missing something?????The food menu is enjoyable, the coffee drinks are good, but when I go to a place in  the morning I want gentle music. They favor Latin upbeat stuff that I can't have a good conversation over?This is the exemplary coffee shop experience because unpretentious vibes kind workers with soft-spoken attitudes and mannerisms and delicious cold brew coffee rather than iced crap.