Love this place. Brought a bunch of friends (plus their kids) and bottle of tequila, they turned it into a fantastic evening (and excellent margaritas). Owners were friendly and made phenomenal food. 
Will definitely be back, great date night and great for friends.The smoked pork tacos here blew my mind--some of the best pork I've ever eaten! And they threw in a couple pork ribs which were an equally delicious surprise. 
While I was waiting I chatted with the owner and learned that it's a family operation and they recently moved to this location (they previously had a spot with a different name in the Italian market.) Her warm and friendly attitude really made me feel welcomed.
Cute cheery decor as well!
This will definitely be my go-to taco spot in the neighborhood! This place definitely fills a need in that department!We love this BYO! They have wonderful hand prepared food. This family run establishment has excellent service and has a wonderful cute hole in the wall atmosphere. It is very clean and you can see into the very tidy kitchen. The depth of flavor and in their dishes is fabulous. We have not been disappointed with any dish. And great specials.I really enjoyed my dinner here. The owners are SO NICE!!! Some of the sweetest people. And the food was good, too! I would recommend the guacamole and chips, and the chicken quesadilla. The inside of the restaurant was really cute, too...very warm and inviting.The cost for Philly tacos is a bit high but I don't care as the food is always excellent and fresh and they're extremely niceGreat local restaurant with extremely friendly staff. If you bring tequila then they will make margaritas for you. Salsa is delicious and tastes just like what is served in Mexico. Can't complain about the food or the comfortable atmosphere. Quickly became a favorite place. Try the guacamole!I don't normally write reviews, just inspired by that service I had. Great place, I'm hoping that other people can see good food for what it is. (As of writing they are just starting) Staff was beyond nice, and very diligent. I could see the passion in the place. To start I got this habanero salad type dish that wasn't on the menu when I said I liked spicy food (can't remember the dish name) and already I was blown away. Was recommended the ribs, but I got the blood sausage tacos. It was really good. Spicy, savory, delicious... Couldn't ask for more. Until I broke down and tried a single spare rib taco. Wow. As good as the blood sausage was. Wow. Just go eat here. Nuf said.All the food was absolutely delicious! The vegetarian tacos were unique, interesting, and really tasty. The cheese and mushroom dish was creamy and a great side. We also ordered the special of the night of smoked pork tacos - more expensive than the others but large and flavorful. The bottled drinks were also great - would go for the guava boing over the mango. The owner served us and while she was very busy with a multitude of in person and ubereat orders, she still interested in chatting w us and making us feel taken care of. The place has the authentic feel of a family restaurant. They ran out of the cactus tacos, so she put a little of what was leftover onto one of the other dishes, which was very sweet.The best tacos in Philly, bar none. I highly, highly recommend the Chicken tacos which are the perfect mix of savory and sweet, as well as the tacos al pastor. And, as if the great food isn't enough, there is excellent/friendly service at this off-the-beaten-path gem.Our new favorite taco spot! Delicious food with a truly authentic feel and the friendliest, warmest couple proving top-notch service. The restaurant is clean, bright, and inviting. We shared two taco platters, the smoked pork and beef short rib, and were stuffed (but we couldn't stop eating!). Both were outstanding and unique, topped with tender roasted cactus and sliced avocado. We'll be back!My husband and I love this authentic restaurant. The staff is very friendly and helpful when figuring out what to order. It's a great neighborhood place and we'll be coming back regularly! They also take major credit cards now, and the BYOB aspect is just another perk.So I love this place. It's excellent too to bottom. Had the smoked pork platter, are until I wanted to die. Everything was super flavorful, and complemented each other well. To quote my profane friend "holy fuck this shit is fucking delicious".Sweet little taco place that I use to live right by. The nicest staff, and the satisfying, authentic Mexican food you are looking for. I love the al pastor quesadilla they make, called the Gringa.. so juicy and flavorful. A bit pricey but worth it.Star for friendly staff. Otherwise the food was awful.  Went for takeout on a weekday evening. 
- "Smoked" pork in tacos were pieces of chopped ham in a tortilla. Very salty, otherwise lacked flavor. 
- Steak burrito had very mushy rice and, again, very salty meat (tasted like soy sauce)
- Guacamole was saturated with lime. My guess is to keep the color. We kept it in the fridge and it stayed bright green for days.If you love authentic Mexican and tons of amazing flavor, this is the place for you.  My husband is a California native and raves about this place as well.  We've had the guacamole, beef cheek, short rib and chicken tostadas. We've done both take out and eat in, both times the food has been amazing quality. When you eat in, John makes the experience feel like we are a part of the family.  Worth the trip!Love love love! Buy all the tacos! Super delicious food, local & family-owned, socially conscious, awesome. Al pastor is #1 in Philly.Worth the trip. (Julie)Owner is very nice. Food feels like home, with very good presentation....good job.I loooove philly tacos. They also setup a stall at the head house square farmers market every Sunday. We walk a mile each weekend to get a quesadilla. They offer more authentic options like squash blossom and corn mushroom that are our go to fillings.  The food is high quality and made with real Mexican cheese. The staff is friendly and courteous. I can't say enough positive things. Go check them out and enjoy!Delicious authentic Mexican food and very friendly waiters. The serve margaritas too, although I didn't order one. The chips and salsa are to die for!We went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, the place is quiet and cozy. The food was great (chips and guacamole, al pastor tacos, and steak tacos), and the owner is super sweet. We'll definitely be back!Everything is so yummy and delicious! Highly recommended! Very quick and essay to get too! Love how flavorful it is! Always have picked up our dinner! Been very easy to order! Very quick!There's no sign out front, but just follow the digital "open" sign in the window into this cute little byob and get ready for some serious authentic flavor. There is about 10 tables in this small, quaint restaurant. The decor is warm and inviting, and the staff is so nice and accommodating. I placed an order for pick up for my wife and I on a Saturday. The order was ready in ten minutes. We got the steak quesadillas, tacos al pastor with beans, cheese and avocado, and steak tacos. 
Everything was amazing. From the meat to the tortillas, we're talking creme de la creme here. This is the real deal people! The flavors are so incredible that my wife had to tell me to keep quiet because I kept  making ridiculous moan sounds after every bite. The meat was so soft, tender and delicious. The tacos were as good as they get. The quesadillas were some of the best I ever had. The corn tortilla was fresh and uniquely thin. The cheese was so delicious. And the seasoning was Godsend. Get. The. Quesadillas! 
The tacos al pastor were so good without the beans, so I just ate the beans as a soup. I highly recommend  doing that. The broth for the beans is amazing.  I am already craving all of the flavors from this place. So glad it's in the neighborhood!There's a lot of great reviews of this place, but unfortunately the two items we ordered here were lacking and pricey for what you get. Namely, the tacos al pastor and vegetarian tacos (wasn't my idea, but I still tried it).
To start, the al pastor meat was dry, flavorless, and needed a lot of help from the sauces we were given. This was exacerbated by the lack of garnishes, which normally wouldn't be an issue if the meat was great.
The vegetarian tacos were straight up awful. I'll take a few bites of anything, as long as it's got the basics like seasoning, some fried bits, or whatever. The veggies, including an exotic corn mushroom I was looking forward to trying, were I believe merely steamed. With little to no seasoning/salt, it was a drippy, limp mess that I couldn't even take a second bite of. Picture canned mushrooms, wet gray corn shrooms, and some other veggie medley (with cheese? I can't remember). Not even an obligatory sprinkle of spices. It's definitely a token vegetarian item - if you're vegetarian, just order elsewhere.
Maybe there's items we didn't try that are a hit with people in the neighborhood. We were just driving around and didn't know much about the place. The service was also friendly. In any case, it's sad that the two we tried probably won't have us returning.The staff is nice. Very good food. It was delicious. I have never eaten a burritos like that. Fresh products. We really enjoyed this place.Another foodie gem in Point Breeze! Tacos and other eats that are like what you'd get in Mexico. You won't find shredded lettuce and cheese here...these are all about the authentic fillings and flavor profiles! Can't go wrong with the tacos al pastor, the guacamole, quesadillas, and must-have alhambre! Their complimentary salsas verde and roja are fresh and delicious (the red is spicy and sooooo good!) Great to eat-in or for take-out...you just can't go wrong here!As a Mexican American transplant to the Philly area, this place is bomb. Like, finally fulfilling my quest for Mexican food that just hits the spot. 
I am at a loss for words. Thank you!!Decor/service: service was quick although the place was not busy as it was only 330pm. The decor is nice and small. Has a very relaxed feeling to it.
Food: the food is good solid home made Mexican food. They main part of their menu is taco's and quesadillas and you can tell it is fresh. The chips and salsa/guacamole was also freshly made. The salsa brings the heat so be careful if you don't like spicy.We just got back from eating dinner here, and I'm in the process of actively ignoring all other obligations long enough to immediately write a glowing review.  Absolutely delicious food (especially the soup... normally my companion hates soup with beans, but said he'd  order that by the quart), and it's clearly a family establishment that's benefitted from a lot of love and attention to detail.The chorizo fondue was one of the best things I've ever eaten, smoked pork tacos were delicious, and our waitress was very nice. Highly recommend!This is a great, no frills, delicious taco eating experience. We brought tequila and were treated to some of the best margarita's I've ever had. The service is always super friendly and welcoming. Definitely my go-to spot for a casual dinner to satiate my craving for straight-up Mexican food. 
If you're feeling wild, commit to finishing your bottle of tequila. They'll ask you to sign it and add it to their (quickly growing) collection.I ordered online for pickup only to show up and they were completely closed - door locked, lights off, completely empty - contacted support and they were unable to contact them as well. I'm sure they've got amazing food (I was so excited to try it!!) but either call before ordering online or visiting, as their hours on yelp indicate they are open and they were not.Great tacos! Really friendly people. Didn't realize it was sit down but service was fast. Decent prices and a surprising number of veggie optionsGreat spot! The food is really authentic, fresh, and made with care. The staff are very kind and accommodating. The smoked pork burrito (chopped smoked pork chop), was great as were the fresh and homemade chips and guacamole. Give it a try!We came based on the reviews and I must agree. Service was excellent, ingredients were fresh. We ordered the guac and chips and the avocado was chunky. The quesadilla had a satisfying cheese pull. But the highlight was the short rib tacos. The meat was tender and not overcooked. It comes with plentiful fixins of cheese, tomato, radish, cactus and roasted jalapeno. And the best part was when our waiter brought in the bones of the short rib. We never had bones so well seasoned. We also appreciate that they took the time to cook the meat and bones separately so that one part doesn't get overcooked. So we obviously recommend any dish with the short rib. You will not be disappointed.Best Mexican in the city - very authentic! Definitely a hole in the wall but everyone there is so nice and their food is delicious! Also BYO tequila for a marg is fantasticI had a great meal here! Every table gets a bowl of freshly made chips and salsa, the tacos come with a bowl of delicious soup, and the restaurant is family-owned! I highly recommend coming hereThis place caught me by surprise never knew it was at this location tacos were pretty good and original great service nice lil place to get a bite to eatWe came in as a party of 6 and the staff was immediately accommodating and pulled tables and chairs together for us.  This place is small but cozy but the food was absolutely delicious!  We ordered the Tacos al Pastor and the Short Rib Tacos and both knocked it out of the park.  The pineapples on the al Pastor were sweet and added such a nice contrast to the well seasoned pork.  And the short rib dish was awesome because they also added extra short ribs on the side of the tacos!  Everything tasted great.  Even the tortilla chips.  The staff was incredibly nice talking to us and telling us about the venues they host and other places they have around the city.  We wanted to order more but we were on a Taco Crawl through the city so had to pace ourselves. But truly, this was one of the best places on our stops and a place we will definitely be coming back to.  Thank you, Philly Tacos, for making our visit so memorable!Only living a block away is dangerous! The al pastor tacos are my favorite, my partner favorites the steak tacos. The flavors are there, the portion sizes are there and can't wait to explore more of the menu, wish they had sides or desserts! But onwards more of the menu! I'll be back for sureAll positives for this place. It's a family run (byob) establishment and they're extremely nice and provide great service. 
They have a great Tues./Thursday special ($2 tacos). Portions are large so you won't leave hungry! I've had most of their taco menu and I honestly can't pick a favorite. Each one is unique and bursting with flavor. And of course, we all know a taco is nothing if the tortilla stinks. Theirs are fantastic.
Also, stop always ordering takeout and sit there and eat for a minute. It has such a positive energy in there (sometimes their little kids will be running around) you'll be happy you did. Support local and not just the new brunch spot that charges you $15 for some avocado on a piece of toast that you could make yourself for 2.00 flat. You'll order guac here and get two-three avocados worth of guac with your order. Eat half then take the other half home and save it to put on your toast in the morning : pI ordered several plates of tacos al pastor and veggies tacos for an event and they were delicious! The tacos came with the right garnishes and the red and green sauce were a nice compliment. Will definitely be coming come back!I ordered catering from Philly Tacos for a Cinco de Mayo party that we had at my work. We ordered a mix of vegetarian quesadillas, chips, guacamole, & salsa. Everything arrived on time and was absolutely delicious! Everyone at my company thought the food was really great, and the authentic Mexican food was much better than ordering Qdoba or Chipotle like we had done in the past. I will definitely order from them again in the future, for large catered events and just for my own personal enjoyment!! :)Hands down the best tacos in Philly. This hidden gem, located in South Philly, is the true authentic Mexican experience! The owners are incredibly kind and provide the upmost service and the quality of the food is amazing! I can't stay away from the choriqueso in addition to all of the other great items on their menu.Got take out from here a few days ago during COVID. An overall OK experience. 
Ordered over the phone. Easy to order. Pretty big menu with many options of  the usual fare from Mexican restaurants. They said it was going to be ready in 10-15min which was quick. Lots of confusion when I was picking up the order. They almost gave me an order for Uber. Unclear what the confusion was since there were only two orders there. Everything was safe inside in terms of COVID which was good. 
Got an order of guacamole and chips. Chips were delicious and nicely fried. Guacamole was a MASSIVE helping and excellent. My friend had the steak tacos which he said were good. I I had the smoked pork tacos. They were OK...pork had lots of bones in it which was odd for a taco. Also the meat was quite dry and kind of un-interesting. A decent amount of food but the price was actually pretty steep. For 1 coke, the two orders of tacos and 1 guacamole it was 45$ which was pretty steep compared to some of the other tacos you can get in the Italian market. 
Given the price and the meh quality of the pork tacos, I would imagine you can get much better tacos for a much better price in the Italian market. If you're in the grad hospital area, wouldn't be a terrible choice to check em out at Philly Taco.Amazing spot! The server was honestly so personable and amazing to say the least! Was here for my birthday weekend to sight see and love love love finding local spots this good! Their food was perfect and delicious! Will definitely come back when I am around!Philly Tacos is the best. And the folks who run the place are the nicest people you'll ever meet. We love the short ribs tacos, the tacos al pastor, the steak quesadillas and on and on. The guacamole and salsas are also perfect. Agreed with the reviewer that the food is simple and very good; this describes the place well! The setting is cozy and quiet. It is the perfect place for dinner on a Friday night. Please go to Philly Tacos!I know this is cliche but I wish I could give this place 10 stars! The food was amazing, fresh, and full of flavor. Everything came out fast. We got the chicken quesadilla (and the tortilla was homemade), the Gringa, and the chorizo tacos and I honestly couldn't pick a favorite. 
To top it all off, the service was perfect. The family that runs this restaurant is truly wonderful. Everything was met with a smile and they were more than willing to answer all of our questions. 
I could not recommend this place more. Such a gem in the area!!!I discovered this place when they were located in the Italian market, a couple of years ago. The food is wonderful; not compromising their real Mexican taste to satisfy those who only like fake Mexican food. The Guacamole and the Huitlacoche (corn mushroom ) quesadillas are extraordinary, but also any kind of tacos and antojitos. It's a family owned spot, super nice and helpful with any questions you may have. And most importantly: the place is CHEAP! Don't forget to stop by if you're around Point Breeze!All food good . Tried various items . Authentic Mexican food . Manager friendly and she runs a clean environment . Sanitizer everywhere thank you we like that . She pay good attention to customers . It's a must try food deliciousI love this place so much. I live a few blocks away, so it's easy for me to go, but if I moved to a different part of town, I would still go back frequently. I love al pastor dishes, and they have a whole section of their menu dedicated to al pastor - and it is all great. 
Their guacamole is super fresh, and I get it a lot, but if you really want to step up your appetizer game, try the queso fundido (there are three options) - that's better in the restaurant than takeout, but I've re-melted it at home and it's still great. 
They are named for their tacos, and they are fantastic. I haven't tried them all, but so far my favorite (other than al pastor) is just to keep it simple and have short-rib or steak a la plancha. They also have tacos with more stuff on them, and tacos with chihuahua cheese if you're looking for more. 
Since we've been quarantined, I've been cooking at home more. But I still try and go here once a week. Some things carry out better than others, and I recommend enchiladas as takeout for two reasons: 1) Just by the nature of the dish, letting the flavors and components sit together while you take them home doesn't takeaway at all (may actually make them better), and 2) You get 4 of them, and I split it into two meals. It's a great deal, and they reheat well. 
A few of the times I've ordered during COVID, I've also gotten a "thank you" tres leches cake - not necessary, but such a sweet gesture! I will support them by getting takeout regularly as long as we are quarantined, but I also can't wait to bring some beers to the restaurant and dine-in!Al pastor and vege tacos are delicious! Everything is good here! Happy to support the locals especially when they genuinely care about their food and patrons! They threw in a complimentary tres leches slice...it's the small gestures that matter most!I ordered something that was sold out and I got something else and it was cheaper and good but I didn't get a refund for the difference. Otherwise it was great.First time in a while getting Philly Tacos and happy to report it did not disappoint. Got the al pastor burrito. Really really tasty. A point breeze staple.cute small family run taco spot. there's seating in there to chow down. we ordered the birria tacos with consomé along with some chips and guac. comes with two salsas. everything was bomb. the tacos were surprisingly crispy crunchy from being semi-fried in the consomé oil. the woman who runs the joint could not have been sweeter- bringing us all two types of jalapeños as requested and making sure we were helped. all in all- would recommend.Really loved the al pastor tacos. The meat was seasoned really well and the cowboy beans were amazing. Very easy pick up.This exceeded expectations! I've spent years living (and eating!) in Mexico, and this food was excellent. The delivery was on time and we got exactly what we ordered. Will order again! Thank you!So let me set the scene, it was Friday night and we were looking for some spectacular tacos. Tired of all of local the spots, and after doing a little research we found Philly Tacos. After looking at the menu, we decided it was worth the ride to South Philly.
Everything was exquisite! We got the al pastor tacos, beef short rib and the chicken quesadillas. The tacos had phenomenal flavor. Their salsas were amazing too. The chicken quesadilla was different than any I ever had before - similar to a pupusa! But, so so good!
My bf and I both think these are the best tacos we've had in Philly! 
Will definitely be ordering againamazing food! got the birria tacos which are served on fridays and saturdays! the guac and chips were amazing  and so were the tacos! the owner is super sweet and such great customer service! Julie was so sweet and took the time to talk to us! Would highly recommend and will be coming again!I came in here after seeing Craig Laban's post on Instagram. He recommended al pastor tacos and he is right. My husband and my father in law enjoyed their al pastor. I ordered birria tacos available only on Friday and Saturday.
This place is small but can accommodate at least three groups of customers. There are a lot of construction area in the neighborhood, so parking can be a challenge.
The owner is very friendly and welcoming. It was a cold day so she put a space heater near our table. On the shelves on the wall there are masks of luchador/wrestler. She explained that before Covid people took pictures with the masks.
Guacamole and chips are fresh. The only dessert available was tres leches. I hope they make the flan an churros as printed on the menu 
Birria tacos: it's pretty good served with hot consommé in a small cup with chunks of meat in it. One of my tacos had chunks of fat that I removed. The tortilla wasn't as crispy as I expected.The best Authentic Mexican Street corn!!! Get here early because the lines says how good their food is! Muchas Gracias, Delicioso!!!I've been looking at the Barria tacos on Instagram for months and was excited to finally try them. Did not disappoint! The meat and seasoning was perfect and that dipping sauce is liquid heaven. Amazing. My husband had a quesadilla which he loved. The red salsa was too spicy for us but the green is mild and delicious. Homemade chips were fantastic. Great guacamole too. Perfection paired with Mexican coke. I'll be dreaming about these until I eat them again.  Wonderful little local place with super friendly staff. Loved it!!Best al pastor tacos I've had in a long while. Nice quality meat. Nice flavor. Prepared well. Great flavor on the short rib tacos as well. I'll definitely be ordering again soon to try the othersGreat evening. Julie is lovely. We enjoyed talking to her. Food was absolutely fantastic. Very authentic. Lovely setting. Definitely will become one of my go to places.Really great tacos al pastor. The chicken quesadilla was delicious as well. They use homemade corn tortillas for the quesadilla, which made it more flavorful. Really pleasant pick up experience - my food was hot and ready when I arrived!Burria tacos were great. Guacamole also delicious but spicy. The steak burrito was terrible and the quesadilla so so.Amazing food i had the vegetarian burrito and my partner the steak burrito it was superb and the pico di g was amazing as well -loved rhe serviceHey. Yeah, you. It wasn't too long ago that I  was in your shoes, browsing yelp looking for something to eat. I just finished my meal from Philly Tacos and I am now coming to you as a PROPHET. This place is just different. After sharing a laugh over the phone with the nice woman who had to endure my broken spanish, I got the short rib special Tacos (not what they're actually called, but it's the one with the cactus) and a steak quesadilla delivered. Upon taking a bite I had to refrain from packing up my bags and moving into their dining room. All of the ingredients were fresh and I was given cheese, half of an avocado, and tomato on the side. There is no picture because I left no evidence. They are not playing around. If you're on the fence, don't be. Pull the trigger and thank me later.Excellent food, excellent service!  Make sure to order some guacamole. So lucky to have such delicious Mexican food so close to home in Point Breeze!OMG! I was looking for a late night taco spot to get some good food that would be able to cater to different dietary restrictions And this place hit the mark. We ordered chicken quesadillas, mushroom tacos, chicken tacos, and an order of guacamole and chips and everything was just fantastic! The food was fresh the staff was nice and I overall had a good takeout ordering experience. If you're planning to go make sure you order the guacamole it's so worth it and the prices were pretty average as well. I will definitely visit again especially once were off of quarantine.LOVE Philly Tacos. Family style vibes. Really friendly and attentive staff. Food was excellent.This is my go-to taco spot!! The staff of friendly and covid safe. The food is AH MAY ZING!! Omg. Love everything. My fav are the chicken tacos. The meat is seasoned to perfection and the ingredients are fresh.Hidden gem! Great food, awesome staff, cute little outdoor spot with music to vibe. Will go back!This place is  great, every single time I've been. Many things to like here: The fresh and flavorful, house-made salsas and chips. The authentic simple menu that has great options but doesn't overwhelm with too many complicated choices. The diverse ingredients ranging from cactus to corn fungus (which tastes so much better than it sounds, they've renamed it mushrooms so as not to disgust). There's so many places in Philly to try, that I rarely repeat myself, this place is an exception. Do you want Taco's? I'm always asked by the cheerful staff. The answer is always yes.I come to this excellent place once a month since I like the special air that is part of this place. The personnel is extremely helpful and professional. The service is deeply quick. Needless to say, the food they prepare is good. I have been there more than once and I was always pleased. The cost is decent. I recommend this restaurant to all my friends.I ordered for pickup on a weeknight. My food was ready quickly and tasted great! Pick up was easy, just came to the door.
I had the chips and guac and short rib tacos. Enough food for dinner + leftovers the next day. Would definitely order again.I placed an order on Grubhub and an hour later I get told the restaurant is closed, I don't get my order and lose the money for the food. Completely unacceptable since there was an hour to let me know. I'll be letting everyone I know know about this.Philly Tacos catered our wedding at Bok in South Philly on 8/7/21. Juan Carlos and his team were incredible to work with. They were kind and flexible, friendly to everyone. They served delicious appetizers and dinner for about 200 people, and they included gluten free, vegan, and vegetarian options. 
Our guests went on and on about the food. We can't recommend them highly enough, whether you're just grabbing a dinner in Philly or looking to cater a large event.Maybe we got a bad batch? The steak was dry and flavorless. It tasted like something that we could make at home, and did not have enough seasoning. Portions are big though!This taco spot is one of the best in the city! It's a small place with limited inside seating in the up and coming Point Breeze neighborhood. I live a couple of blocks away and I try and get tacos here often. My biggest complaint with most Mexican food is that it doesn't travel well. That fortunately here is not the case. Their food travels so well! The chorizo and al pastor are my favorite! The owners are so nice and deserve to be supported especially right now! Highly recommend checking this little spot out as soon as you can!The best authentic Mexican in Philly! Such nice staff...always feel like family when we come in. Muchas gracias.