I love living so close to the Italian Market. I love this stretch o' 9th Street. I'm rollin through there all the time. For one thing it's part of my route when I'm journeying to see my brothers in the East Passyunk lands. 
Once I've high-tailed it past the ole onion alley that is the street between Pat's and Geno's, I'm almost there. In my mind I think that this market detour makes for a shorter walk but the truth is that I just like moseyin' through. I always have a mental "yay!" about it.. 
It's really one of the joys of my life right now that I can find any and every Italian cheese, meat, or pasta...or canned tomatoes, anchovies, olive oils...vinegars... everything I'm looking for. Bacalao! That too.Thank you... I gots bacalao fritters to make. 
I love Fante's kitchen-wares, Claudio's, DiBruno Brothers, Fiorella Brothers for sausage...Cannuli's House of Pork...Oh, butcher shops. I love having multiple good butchers in my backyard. That's another thing. 
Between Sarcone's and Paesano's I'll call the Italian Market my sandwich capital. And that's one more thing. 
Plus we can shop-drink, or "shop-bar-crawl," if you will. That's where you stop in for a drink  before, during, and after your grocery shopping. Everybody does this, right? Right? 
Let's say that we have a couple drinks on the way, via 12 Steps Down... Then we're off and excitedly hunting for all the cheeses and crazy shaped pastas my little heart desires... Then drink at Teri's...not too long if  I bought cheeses- I get a little nervous about spoilage of things. I have cut many a party short cause I'm just all, "Look, I getta get home and get this in the refrigerator."
Oh we don't do that all the time. Special occasions. Anyway, the real thing is that years before we were ever living in Philly, when I would visit the Italian Market, I'd have myself a little daydream where we'd live somewhere that had a great market like this nearby...and hey now we're here. Weirdooo! I just think of that sometimes when I'm walkin home with a buzz and an enormous can of good olive oil."Word to the wise: there's something like a law of diminishing returns with the produce. You have to find the sweet spot, which is roughly across the street from DiBruno's. Go north of that and you'll pay too much for the same fruits and veggies; go south and you'll pay the same for stuff that's about to rot." --- I'm in complete agreement with this statement made by Stephanie M., below.  It's funny how I noticed that just within a couple of months of living in the area and shopping there on a regular basis.
Always a bargain, but definitely take a stroll along the whole strip to check out the quality of fresh produce before you start loading up your canvas totes, y'all.
Also, quite an experience to receive the standard, "Hey, gorgeous!" from the aging Italian man at the produce stand near 9th and Carpenter.  I mean, I'm not exactly in my top form at 8AM on a Saturday morning, so it's a nice wake-me-up/ego boost/part sweet, part creepy kind of interaction.  Only here, I suppose.
Not everything I've bought at the market has been at the peek of freshness and quality, but if you know what looks, smells, and feels right, you can come out of there with your hands full for less than twenty dollars.  You'll add to that figure by shopping at the specialty shops, but with that comes the quality of items not found in your local Super Fresh.Interesting place to visit. Lots of groceries, vendors, and produce. Would loved to have been able to buy the inexpensive produce but was traveling. Kitchen store is really nice, with the best brands and a wide variety. It was really cold and windy on the day we visited but on a warmer day, it would be really nice. Uber there-or walk-there is literally no parking.I love fresh produce from the local area.  Not everything you see in the Italian market is from local farms and businesses, but a major portion is.
This is without a doubt a much cheaper and sensible way to shop for groceries.  I live a block away and utilize this place as much as I can.  If I want to make steaks for dinner, I walk down buy my fresh meat and then pick up the sides as I peruse the market; potatoes, asparagus, cauliflower, broccoli rabe, you name it, it is most likely here.  
Today I purchased thyme, dill, cucumbers, portabella mushrooms, and carrots, all local, for less than $5!!!When I travel to a new city, I always end up finding something that I didn't expect. Usually it's a good thing, such as the Italian Street Market in Philadelphia. I was in the neighborhood for lunch and had no idea the street market existed until my Uber turned the corner and we were right in the middle of it. For about three blocks in the middle of Philly's Italian Neighborhood there stretched a permanent Italian Street Market. I asked my driver to stop the car and let me walk the rest of the way to my lunch destination in the rain just so I could see what this was all about. 
For me, this was a new experience. The sidewalk was semi-covered, and on my left were people siting with tables of produce and various goods for sale. 
On my right where the storefronts were, I saw open doors and counters full of meats and fish as far as the eye could see. A gap in the buildings sat an alley with people warming by a fire. Okay.. maybe those people were homeless, but they seemed nice and were in good spirits.
I was out in the upper 30's in the rain and the place was fairly well packed, so I can only imagine how busy the place is during nicer weather. This is a great place to people watch, and definitely one of the highlights of my trip.I used to think that Ivoine Brothers in Reading Terminal had the best/cheapest produce in the city.  Then (thank you yelpers) I found the italian market!  This is only about a 10 minute walk from my apartment and for the past couple of months I've been there twice a week to pick up produce.  
There's such a cast of characters here and some old school philly charm.  Aside from the produce stands I love the Mexican spot (flour tortillas homemade!), DiBrunos, the spice shop, and the italian coffee shop at the end.  
Sometimes theres CRAZY good deals.  Once I got 5 avocados for $1!!!  Other days I must say it's hit or miss.  Try to get there during the week for less crowds/better prices.Mondays are quiet b/c most of the vendors are not around, so you'll avoid large crowds but you won't have as much selection as you would on other days.
On the other days, you can get a lot of produce for cheaper prices than the regular grocery stores.  However, like others are saying, some of the produce is so ripe, it's not going to last longer than the day of purchase.
A few things they need to make it better: homemade soap, apple cider, honey, fresh squeezed orange juice, etc. at cheap prices; you can get all that at a farmer's market but it's pricey.  And, some public restrooms and water fountains.Oh the memories of walking from chestnut and 42 all the way down to buy fresh fruits and veggies very sat am at 8. The groceries are cheap and fresh And a whole lot of varieties. When I go back to Philly and visit and it's early enough I would always get some fresh veggies and food here.Picture Rocky Balboa running down S.9th St. and going into Paulie's butcher shop and punching a side of cattle. And don't forget to go to 
Di Bruno Bros.A wonderful example of diversity in the United States and Philadelphia!
https://www.change.org/p/the-people-impeach-donald-j-trumpI get jealous anytime someone tells me that they live near the Italian Market. "You mean you can do some of your regular grocery shopping there???" will probably be my first response.
It's always a treat for me to go to the Italian Market. It's not like I live in Peoria or anything, but it's just a bit of a hike from Fairmount. 
Once I get there I'm amazed by all the cheap, fresh food. Pasta, meats, produce, spices, oils, baked goods. I can go on and on! There are also a decent number of bars and restaurants. Ralphs, Villa Di Roma, Lorenzo's, Paesano's, Di Bruno Bros...These are all establishments where their names alone say a lot. 
They have an annual Italian Markets festival in the springtime with a block party. It gets pretty crowded but is cool to check out. 
Parking is a pain in the butt. It's not too far from the broad street line and I'm sure many bus stations. On a nice day, it's walkable from many points in Philadelphia. 
The Italian Market is one of Philadelphia's not-so-hidden gems. I'm sure a lot of big cities have their own Italian Markets, I just happen to really love mine.I use to go to the Italian Market before I lived in South Philly, but now that I'm right around the corner, I'm there several times a week - I rarely go to the super market more than once a month (if that). I mean, with butchers that will cut to order, fruits and veggies at a fraction of the price of the mega mart, and actually seasonal, including herbs and more exotic items than can be found at the Acme. I've also started eating more fish, which has always freaked me out at the supermarket. Actually, I've started eating more healthily in general (except of course when I splurge on cured meets and cheese or homemade pasta, or pastries up the street on Christian...). The Italian Market isn't just for food - Fante's kitchen wares has just about every kitchen gadget imaginable, including a coffee and tea section, extensive baking supplies, and a serious selection of knives (they will even sharpen them while you wait for $2 a blade). Most people are friendly and nice, though it wouldn't be philly without a few curmudgeons; everyone's a distinct character, and I pretty much love them all. One of my favorite things to do is walk up and down the market, sensing out the best deals, the freshest produce, getting to know my neighbors, and enjoying the Philly-ist of Philly communities. There are a few tips I'd like to share with the uninitiated, and hopefully get more converts to this heart of Philadelphia experience.
Pro tips: 
* The majority of the Italian Market is closed on Mondays, and by far their busiest days are Saturday & Sunday (when the prices also seem to magically inflate). Fridays are a little bit crowded, but manageable. Pretty much any day  if you go closer to closing time, there might be a line at the butchers or cheese shops, but if you have time to wait, it's worth it. Some people say stuff is fresher on Tuesday and Wednesday, but I haven't really noticed a difference. 
* Pick your own produce, to be sure you get what you want, I've had several experiences where the good stuff is out front, and the bag you get home with is gnarly and questionable, so avoid the concern all together and do your own picking, that way you have no one to blame but yourself.
* Buying in bulk is the best deal (and for the price, some waste is to be expected) but if you don't want 10 lbs of potatoes for $5, you can easily ask for 2 lbs for $1, sometimes you just need a small piece of ginger for a quarter (or sometimes for free if you're getting other stuff & the vendor is feeling generous).
* During the week, the vendors start clearing out around 3ish (earlier if weather is bad) later if it's nice out - it's kind of up for grabs. Though the store fronts are generally open til 5-6
* There's plenty of parking in the area (including a municipal lot on 8th, before Washington) but if you decide to drive through, or on any of the streets surrounding, don't be surprised if you get stuck behind an unloading truck, or waiting for a crowd of pedestrians crossing the street, or inexplicable traffic, which will later turn out to be a forklift driving between the various warehouses in the district.
* The market is fairly walkable from most of the city, but if you tend to shop big - invest in a granny cart, and always be sure to bring your reusable tote, regardless :D
* If you don't know, ask, if someone makes you feel dumb, ask someone else (there are plenty of vendors competing for business, if you're not digging the vibe from one, move on, there are enough options for you to be choosy about where you take your business). A good attitude & sense of humor take you a long way in this area.
** Don't let it intimidate you - the Italian market is fun and delicious! **I love the Italian market! Went last weekend (on that beautiful Saturday). 2 pounds of brussle sprouts for $1.50, 2 pounds of bananas for $1 and the most delicious apples I've had in a long time for mad cheap-o too. I don't know why I still go to supermarkets for produce. The fruits and veggies here are far less expensive and far more fresh - why go anywhere else?I havent been here for since last year but I noticed the place has lost its appeal. Since last year, several establishments on the famous market area have been closed down, some of them closed due to some fines. The traditional market is starting to fade and more and more little knick-knack stores are replacing the mom and pop stands and the nostalgic market area that was memorable for scenes in the movie Rocky will no longer be recognizable.The Italian Market...quintessential Philly goodness.  In the warmer months there are cheap produce stands lining the street outside outstanding butchers, fish mongers and cheese shops.  
You'll pay a fraction of the price for everything compared to supermarkets (yeah, you might have to sort through the fruit and veggies for the better looking items).  It might be a bit intimidating the first couple times you pick out fish from barrels or walk into a REAL butcher shop with meat hanging and guys with bloody aprons behind the counter and sawdust on the floor but don't get scared!  Also stop by Fantes for espresso and kitchen gewgaws and I think Di Bruno Brothers for oils and cheeses and olives and giant man sized sausages hanging from the ceiling.To me, the Italian Market is everything Philadelphia stands for.  My favorite part of all? Having my Grandmom walk it with me, teaching me how to pick the best fruit, chicken, meat, herbs, etc. and telling me all about how the Market used to be back in her days.  
The other best part? The prices.  Today I got (try to keep up) 2 big packs of blueberries, a box of strawberries, 2 mangoes, 4 lemons, 1 lb of asparagus and 1 lb. of kale.......for $11 DOLLARS.  To anyone who loves to eat, the market is heaven.
It's just one of those things that makes me really glad to be from South Philly.Love love love this place! You can find excellent deals on produce. Thank God I work in nearby Center City West and am easily accessible to the Italian Market. I  usually shop there during the week when there's not so many people, although some stands might be closed. I walked over last week during my lunch break and got a little carried away with the awesome prices. Here's some of what I got: 
$2: for 4 big, juice, and tasty pears 
$3: for a case of 11 bunches of Dole Asparagus, (freezed well)
$1: bucket of about 10 bell peppers
$4: for 8 very ripe avocados
They say the fruits/veggies go bad fast, but in my opinion not much faster than that bought in a supermarket. But, I usually cook/consume the produce within about 3 days. 
You won't be disappointed.I love this location!  The quality of the food, atmosphere, colors, aromas, and everything else!  You have to go here and explore this location for yourself!  :D
Check it out on youtube: 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8lBCxnUjAU&feature=plcpSooooo many great gourmet, specialty food store to stop in to. I was drooling all afternoon looking at all the meats and cheeses at the counters. you can tell a lot of love goes into all of these stores and great quality food come out.  There is also an AMAZING cooking store located on the road. I cant remember the name but it looks little from the outside but once you walk in.. BAM! it has everything you could possibly need and more. This street is a must visit if you love food and near Philly. You'll want to keep going back. Trust me.I make my regular stop at the Italian Market on my walk home from acupuncture in South Philly on Saturdays. I LOVE how inexpensive the produce is. While organics are important to me for most items, there are times in my life when spending less is more important. Now is one of those times.
This Saturday, I spent $6.50. For that $6.50, I got a carton of crimini mushrooms, a bunch of bananas, a bunch of beets, & 3 apples. SO rad.
What I don't like is seeing live chickens in cages, it makes me cry, but those are not the businesses I deal with, so....
Also, great for tourists. Bring people who come to visit you, they'll love it. It may not be run by Italians anymore (in fact, it felt a lot like Miami this weekend what with the sweltering heat & humidity enhancing all the español being spoken), but it's still fun!I love the Italian market. Can't beat the quality or the prices. I can go with $20 bucks and fill bags of produce. Fresh meat at butchers and fish markets. Meat is a whole lot cheaper done here than in Reading, PA. Also, can't beat the fact that Rocky ran through here!Cheap, cheap, cheap!!!! What's there  not to love? Maybe just that it's just a little bit cramp and the parking sucks around here. But, it's a neat place to check out and a wonderful spot to experience in Philly.The Italian Market was great!  I got some very cheap vegetables there for dinner when I visited Philly.  I would definitely go back.Another iconic place in Philly. Amazing Italian food and other cultures, and the food is open air... a classic. Historic Italian Market near Pats and Geno's Cheeseteaks. Hit'em up peeps!THAT SAUSAGE IS  DA  BOMB!!!!  And I mean - DA B-O-M-B!!!
Get your personal order into Cappucio's Meats, sports fans.  You will NOT be disappointed!Always a great time here. Always leaving super stuffed and very happy! Great variety of things to eat and things to drink!It makes me cry gallons of tears when someone says the Italian Market sucks.  It doesn't, you just have to know where to shop.  
Must Hits are plentiful, especially for the serious cook:
 --DiBruno's and Claudio's for cheese, fancy oils, specialty imported olives, all sorts of cold salads and housemade charcuterie; 
--Talluto's for handmade pasta; 
--Fante's for all the kitchen things you could ever want or need; 
--Gleaner's Cafe for coffee and people watching; 
--Scott & Judy's Produce for vegetables and fruit; 
--Giordano's for cheap herbs and some produce; 
--Fiorella's for handmade sausages that put all others to shame;
--Esposito's Butcher for meats and Cannuli's House of Pork as well -- they even sell whole roasted pigs for big get-togethers. 
--Sarcone's for crucial Italian rolls. 
I don't ever buy fish here and I'm super picky with produce. You can't beat the prices with a stick, but it's critical to only buy what you need.  Some things are too ripe to hold for longer than 24 hours. 
If you think this market sucks it's because you have no idea what you are looking for.  Sorry about that.I love the Italian Market, it is so Philly. Do you love cheese, fresh butchered meats from almost any animal, fruits and vegetables, spices, fresh pasta, kitchen gadgets, ethnic ingredients,,,,,,I could go on all day. A walk down 9th street shows the melting pot our fine city is. I often think of lists of things just so we can spend a couple hours shopping. And don't forget the excellent little restaurants and bars to take a break from all that shopping.I haven't shopped at a supermarket for meat, cheese, produce and coffee in over 15 years because 9th st has everything you need!  No other place like it.You can't visit Philly without taking a stroll down 9th street. If you've been to the Strip District in Pittsburgh, this neighborhood has the same grit, smells and passion for food.
Too bad we didn't visit earlier in the day when the food stalls were hopping but we got the idea even at 5pm on a Saturday night. DiBruno's was the highlight of our time on the street- stop in for a cheese tutorial and sample- you won't regret it! These guys know their stuff.I lived near the Italian Market for over 2 years and I miss it all the time.  I try to get back anytime I have the chance.  It is pure Philly.  The people are great, although I can understand why some visitors might not enjoy the attitude of some vendors.  I think it's fabulous, but that might be because many of the street vendors know my face and know what they are dealing with (I've gone about twice a week for 2 years).  
The shops are fantastic.  Make sure you check out the cheese shops, the pasta shops, and Cappuccio's.  You won't regret it!The Italian Market isn't Reading Terminal or the Headhouse Square farmer's market. This is a place for you to get a taste of the real Philadelphia, and in my opinion a visitor who misses South Philly is missing a big part of the city. The Italian Market is a good reason to venture south. 
As others have pointed out, walking down to the Italian Market is the way to go. You will get a look at the front doorsteps of many a family, the restaurants of South Philly and the ambiance of the place. If you're walking from, say, the Rittenhouse Square area this is a 1-1.5 mile walk. 
Expect lots of cheap produce stalls lining the streets along with shops selling meats, cheeses, fish and more. Make sure to check out the Spice Corner, a really neat place selling spices and loose teas, and DiBruno Bros., an excellent gourmet cheese shop and Philadelphia institution. 
For fancy tourists, this is less the wine-bar-and-small-plate Philly and more the true Philly. Expect some bits of trash on the street and the faint smell of fish. That's the beauty of it! This is a real market with people doing their grocery shopping.love this but a dying trade.  still a few good spots for produce, sausages and spices.Why on earth would anyone buy fruits and veggies at the supermarket?!! my husband and I have been coming here  for years and the price comparison just blows your mind.  At the Italian market the strawberries are 2 for $1 or $1.50 each at the most.  Why would it be 3.99 or 4.99 at the supermarket? JUST SAYING!! Same for the black berries...2 for $1 not $4.99. They are out of their mind. 
When I think about it...almost everything is $1 or $2....you can really save your money for other things that matters!  I would rather go out to a nice restaurant than pay full price on produce!  Definitely give it a try and you would never go back!  PLUS..wouldn't you want to go where the locals go?!! 
I will truly miss the Italian market when we move this month!Love love love! I used to live a few blocks away and I miss it! Great produce for cheap ...After one too many cups of joe at Morning Glory's, a fellow local and I found ourselves in Fante's in search of a toilet room.  While buying some oh-so-crucial almond paste (and passing on a $22 biscotti pan), the friendly cashier recommended we use the restroom in the visitor's center.
I spend an unhealthy amount of time in the Italian Market - what visitor's center?  We have a visitor center?  Many assurances later we headed out the door to walk the walk we traversed no less than three times earlier that day.  Lo and behold somewhere near Frank Rizzo's face (opposite side of the street) was the Visitor Center. 
Well stocked with familiar items from Claudio's, DiBruno Brothers, and Fantes the shop boasts lots of Italian flare and a tidy little restroom.  It's a great place for tourists and locals alike.I give this five stars based on it's "character". And when we use the word "character" here, that means when you see dirty homeless men in a subway station, that subway station has "character."
This is really just the 3 blocks above Washington on 9th and pretty much ends at Lorenzos. Most people come here for DiBruno's or Claudio's for fresh cheese and meats, but (just like Rome) there are also random stores/vendors that sell socks/hats/dishwasher detergent/plastic toys. These vendors are all over Italy and it's kinda just like what a $1 store.
This is a great place to get loose veggies and fruits. You just walk up and ask for a 1lb of mushrooms and they throw it on the scale in a Philly fashion, tie up a little plastic bag and ask for about $1. (At Whole Foods it would be about $5).
DON'T MISS: John. I believe he is homeless, but he was also a moment on the big screen in Rocky Balboa. He sells bags. Yes bags. For .50 cents off a shopping cart. He likes to double bag you're valuables because he cares.While I was in Philadelphia I went down to South Philly to check out  the neighborhood where Joey Coyle once lived. Coyle was a guy who found a million dollars literally lying in the street. Finding a pot of money is a fantasy that's very near and dear to my heart---------daydreaming about it is about all that's gotten me through more than one boring workday. Coyle's story is told in a book called  "Finder's Keepers". The author described Swanson St., the site where Coyle found the money, as an urban dead zone, a place of demolished old factories and smoking piles of  blackened rubble. That sounded like a photo op to me, so I took my camera when I went down to the neighborhood. (Alas, the city had cleaned up the area in the intervening years. Now it's just a very ordinary-looking empty waterfront lot.) After wandering around the neighborhood for a bit, I got in my rental car and started driving aimlessly. South Philadelphia is a vast maze of brick rowhouses. Each block seemed like a short canyon, the walls of  which were composed of nearly identical two- or three-story houses, all jammed up against each other with no space in between. For someone accustomed  to the flimsy stucco boxes of  a place like San Diego,  the streets of South Philly were an original experience. Eventually I came across the Italian Market.  I parked the car and got out to look around. Once a place becomes a well-known tourist attraction, it tends to lose at least some of the ambience that made it attractive in the first place. Such places become rather self-conscious. They tend to start pandering to tourists, rather than focusing on their original purpose. (Fisherman's Wharf, in San Francisco, is probably the best example of what I'm talking about.) The Italian Market is famous enough that it's mentioned in guidebooks. However, it still seemed very much like what it must have always been----------a collection of old storefronts selling produce, cheeses and Italian groceries. The stores haven't been tarted up to appeal to the sensibilties of  bourgeois tourists from Omaha or Hong Kong. (Probably because there aren't enough bourgeois tourists from Omaha or Hong Kong to make it worthwhile.) I noticed some touristy merchandise here and there, but not so much as to overwhelm the original gritty ambience of the place. And some of the stores ARE gritty-looking. But that's what I liked about them.I miss living near the Italian market where there are blocks and blocks of inexpensive and locally grown/raised food.  Sure, sometimes there are some overripe fruits and veggies, but you have to shop around to find the best in each stand.  Besides, there is much more here than just produce.  Meat markets selling almost every type of meat from the typical (chicken, pork, beef) to the not-so-typical (pheasant, squab, venison).  The fish markets are amazing and have such a great selection and affordable prices.  The little market on 9th and carpenter sells all the cleaning products you could ever need.  And the little cheese and spice shops are amazing as well.  Pretty much anything you need to make a solid meal are all right there.  Italian Market is one of my favorite things about living in Philly.Not a fancy market, but a lot of cheap and fresh produce.
Lots of pizza and sandwiches shop lined up.
Anthony's coffee house is delicious. Great area.Spice shops. Fante's. Tortilla San roman. Mexican groceries. And of course, cheap produce.
Pee in visitors center, but check hours.Be sure to stop in here when you go to the Italian Market.  We picked up some great postcards, and a really nice print for great prices when we were visiting Philly over the weekend.  It also offers a free and clean restroom, and the girl working the center was very friendly and helpful and so sweet.  She recommended some great places for us not to miss.  Thank you!!I am a fan or maybe a fanatic about Philly's 9th Street Italian Market!  What an interesting place.  I could literally spend the entire day roaming around shopping, eating and drinking.  First of all it is loud, crowded and parking is impossible.  That said pack your patience because it is well worth the experience.  The amount of meat, cheese, vegetables and fruits is almost overwhelming - but in a great way!  Come early for a coffee and breakfast outside and watch this bustling place come to life.  Sample cheeses and meats in shop after shop.  There are vendors with just about every item you could imagine.  I love it!  It's a gritty and authentic place and oh so much fun.My European friends tell me that this market is very European. (Read: dirty in that charmingly Philadelphian way.) Still I love it. More on this later.
Certain vendors accept credit cards but they are in the minority. Brings lots of cash. Well, not lots but enough.This place is amazing and such a fun place to walk around. However, I just need to say that the woman working at the visitor center was so incredibly rude I was horrified. I had my nephews with me who needed to use the bathroom. She refused to talk to us, even when we said thank you to her she would not respond. I'm not sure I've ever experienced such a rude person before.It's as cheap as it gets, the vendors are quick, which let's me get in and out quickly. It's one of the main reasons' I continue to live in the area. It's not the biggest market I've ever been to but it get's the job done.
Why four stars and not five? Three problems.
1.) They need to go back to cleaning it regularly. Sometimes I'll be walking by at midnight and it just smells like fish and rotted meat. Cmon guys, this is a neighborhood, some of us have to live here.
2.) They open too late. When I walk to work at 7:30am it's empty. I live a block away, and it's impossible for me to buy anything from the market on a weekday...
I lived in other countries and the markets all open up at the crack of dawn. Stop being lazy. You'll make more money from the locals if you're open for business before we all go to work.
3.) The tourists. I hate to be that guy, but man, there are a lot of people that just walk around really slowly with strollers and no intention of buying anything. The sidewalks are small enough as it is, and then you have these people walking around saying, "oh look at that cute little store. take my picture in front of the fruits." It's like they forget that it's a functioning market and a lot of people there just want to get some produce and leave.Yes, yesssss, a thousand times YES!  The 9th Street Italian Market is the grown-up's answer to Disney World.  I want to move onto 9th Street and live la dolce vita forever.
The Italian Market is several city blocks along 9th Street.  The shops lining the street specialize in all manner of Italian products (some Latino and Asian stores have sneaked in there, oddly enough) and often set up stalls along the sidewalks as well.  When we visited on an unseasonably cool March morning, metal drums burning wooden flats and other scrap wood peppered the roadway, where street-tough stock-men, butchers, and cheese mongers warmed their hands and smoked jacks in an unusually poignant display of community.
Everything entices here, from the scents of coffee and chocolate wafting from doorways to hand shaped pastas and gorgeous whole fish beckoning from windows and ice beds.  Fantastically fresh, ridiculously affordable produce as far as the eye can see.  Moms and I walked the market end-to-end twice, stopping at all the stores and stands both loops.  We never wanted to leave.
The concierge at our hotel joked that "the only thing you can't find at the Italian market is an Italian."  He couldn't have been more wrong.  A stooped and wizened paisan with a beautiful, thick accent helped us decipher pasta shapes we'd never seen before in one shop.  Mothers chattered in Italian to their toddlers in strollers as they rolled through the produce stands.  A cadre of middle-aged gentleman, all first cousins, regaled Moms and me with stories of growing up in Italy over cappuccinos and biscotti at the coffee shop.  
Nothing has taken me back to summers playing bocce and eating homemade marinara with my Italian relatives in New England like Philadelphia's 9th Street Market did.  What a remarkably authentic, surprisingly entertaining way to pass a morning or afternoon in Philadelphia.  I'd come here weekly if I could.
[15 Minutes of Fame: "Hack" and "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia"]As I remember it, cheap plums ripe on the verge of spoiling.  But if you know what you want and what to expect, it could work for you.Nothing like this anywhere I've ever shopped.  You won't get cat-called by the vendors in any Bay Area Farmer's Market, I guarantee.  (Check out the Cheese Shop and Spice store on this Row. . . amazing)Five stars because I live in and love the Italian Market.  Five stars because you won't find anything quite like it anywhere else.  Five stars because as it evolves it becomes more and more quirky.  Five stars because it's just so damn Philadelphia.
But that doesn't mean if have some suggestions to the people at the top. (Is there even a business association? If so, I'd like to join.)
Here are Carrie's suggestions:
1.  Shell-shocked touristas hit the markets in a state of panic and fear.   You can see them, they get to 9th and Christian and you can read it on their faces, "This is, what?  Where do I go?"  Provide maps - show 'em where the cheese shops are, show 'em where to find the best spices.  This could be done with a simple plaque on the sidewalk.
2.  Trash cans.  Really people - we need them.  Urge the city to get some of the Big Belly's down here!  That way merchants can't dump trash, and tourists are provided with places to put their trash.
3.  Urge the merchants to TIDY UP SHOP.  Seriously, the sidewalk could really use a power washing once in a blue moon.  Do not allow rotting fruit to sit on the sidewalk until it becomes urban-compost-mush.  Regulate trash pick-up.  Why is it illegal to leave trash out-of-bags every where else in the city but the markets?  Why are merchants like the chicken place on 9th and League not urged by fellow business people to keep the place looking nice?  That particular merchant always has boxes/forklifts/trucks blocking the adjacent roads.  (And have you smelled that place?  Revolting.  This does nothing for the image of the markets as a place where you actually *gasp* want to buy food for consumption.)  Oh - and the dripping fish buckets - should be done away with.
4.  Parking issues - what's up with all of the double parking?  The city has budget woes?  Send out the PPA!  They could easily bank $3K a day in giving out parking tickets to the folks who don't think they need to find a parking spot like every other citizen.
5.  Change the name of the merchant association from "The 9th Street BusinessMEN's Association" to the "Business Association."  Really guys?  It's not 1946 anymore.  Women *gasp* own businesses too.
Now with all of that said, you're probably wondering why I gave the markets five stars?  Because they're gritty.  They're everything Philly is.  Where else can you buy truffles and a pork sandwich on the same block?  Where else can you find Eminem t-shirts and toilet paper being sold side by side?  It's part of the draw of this place.  And it's a photographer's paradise.
For foodies - if you cook a lot - it's heaven on earth.  The spice shops, the cheese shops, Fantes, and yes the bulk-ripe produce make for a cooker's dream.  For those of us who live in the markets, we wouldn't live anywhere else.  (Although we would appreciate some general cleaning every now and again.  Remember - the Markets are a major tourist draw.  Let's start treating them that way.)
if you've never been, go with an open mind and enjoy!This is a great visitor's center!  The woman who works here is friendly and knowledgeable. There's lots of information and unique gifts/souvenirs.Oh you! Making me skip alone through the empty sidewalks (in the winter) with $10 dollars in my hand, and sexy meals on my mind.
I've been to the Italian Market plenty of times, but since moving a block away from it, I have been there twice. I know! What's wrong with me??  But I am changing that right now. 
This morning I jumped up out of bed and yelled "peppers!" (to myself) and within 10 minutes and $1, I had three red peppers. That's how it works here. 
I can mostly only speak for the produce part of the Italian Market. I've been inside the cheese shops (I don't need the meat shops) and I don't always have the money for such special cheese (although when I get rich, I have plans for that cheese). Like other reviewers have stated, the produce isn't in tip-top shape. But the prices are! So if you are going to be using said produce within a day or two, it's super duper awesome.
Today I got -bunch of green onions, cilantro, box of clementines, red peppers, portabello mushrooms, and cherry tomatoes all for $10. Good times!
I would also like to note that I passed a store with a large number of baby shrek dolls, so if anyone needs one of those....Italian Market is where it's at.the italian market isn't like it used to be. for starters there is just far too much trash alongside the street, everything from vegetable and fruit waste to meat and box cartons. although there are some stores that are worth going into. many of which are largely still italian oriented.
during the festival that it has every year it can become immensely populated.  this place is good once in a while but its not one of my frequent stops.Can you fit Philly into this trip? Sure, no problem? I don't want to pressure you. I said it's no problem. You would say? JUST BOOK THE DAMN TRIP! I really need my market fix.
I admit it I'm on a high after a perfect foodie day 1) I woke up in Philly, which I love 2) spent the morning mooching the fine Reading market followed by lunch, with each course from a different stall 3) wandered straight down to 9th and the Italian market for coffee and canoli at Anthony's and an afternoon of buying so many things I can't or really shouldn't fit into my suitcase.
While the vegetable produce isn't always outstanding, I love this market for its bustling vibe and tantalising aromas. Each step brings you a new experience and you are easily drawn into the stores to explore the cheeses, meats, spices and maybe just close your eyes, inhale, and transport yourself back to Italy for a moment.
Now, I am sure there was something else I was meant to be doing while I am here, better phone the office and check.Absolutely love this place. There are so many shops and restaurants, and many things are very cheap. Amazing area.I live right in the market, much to the envy of friends and family. (OK, not all of them... but enough that I can feel smug about it on occasion.) On weeks when I'm more inclined to cook, I couldn't ask for a better location. Fresh is the key word here--produce, meat, pasta and the like are much better than what you get at the grocery store, and generally for a fraction of the price. And the cheese selection is unbeatable. I've been skipping DiBruno's lately in favor of Claudio because it's slightly less claustrophobic. I should skip them both, because living a block away from Brie that melts when you look at it is not good for one's waistline.
Word to the wise: there's something like a law of diminishing returns with the produce. You have to find the sweet spot, which is roughly across the street from DiBruno's. Go north of that and you'll pay too much for the same fruits and veggies; go south and you'll pay the same for stuff that's about to rot.
And I implore you--do NOT miss the Italian Market Festival, held the weekend before Memorial Day each year. There's food, beer, wine and merriment stretching from Catherine St. south to about Federal or Wharton. Come hungry!I live nowhere near S 9th Street. The I-Market is a trek for me. But I go, almost regularly, in part because I have friends who DO live near S 9th Street, but mostly because I love that three block walk---I like to sample the cheeses at Di Bruno Bros (and not buy anything); I always dig a panino ("the original") at Anthony's (even though A's panini are by no stretch among the best); and I like to make myself feel like a gourmet, by bringing home some fresh pasta, mozzarella, olives, prosciutto, and maybe a loaf of bread. It's an experience, and while it may not have the convenience of your neighborhood gourmet supermarket, I appreciate a community---albeit a small one---where the little man can still thrive. (And, no, I don't consider DiBruno Bros the little man, but that's beside the point.)We walked through here on our walking tour and then a few days later on our way down 9th to eat cheesesteaks. SOOO many options here for anything you can think of, especially food related. Looks like it might get a little shady depending on what time of day you are down there. We got gelato at anthonys and some veggie fare at Gleaners!The market is one of my favorite places in the city, and one of the top reasons I love living in South Philly. 
 No matter what my intentions; I always buy more than I can comfortably lug home. I easily load my bags with enough fresh, cheap produce to keep me stuffed for a week, and I don't have to ever step inside (or spend more than $15)!
For those who believe in food groups beyond fruits and vegetables, I've noticed some mouth-watering scents drifting out of the storefronts. You should stop in and let me know what they're all about.Cheapest produce you'll ever find. Just picked up a 2# of strawberries for $3 and 3# of grapes for $2.90. Definitely inspect the produce thoroughly before purchasing, first time I went one of the vendors had countless pints of furry blueberries out for sale. And wash your produce EXTRA thoroughly when you get home, watched a vendor drop a bunch of grapes on the ground and toss them right back on top of the pile for sale. But really, for the prices and the outdoor market vibe is your own diligence with picking the right produce and washing it at home a big deal? I think not.Talluto's, Caludio's , DiBruno's, Spice Corner, Superior Ravioil...
The stuff of culinary dreams.
I am loving the Italian Market soooooo much.
What a treasure to Philadelphia.
Fresh fruit & veggies - and all the great Italian meats, cheeses and olives - plus fresh pasta and ravioli from 2 great sources.
I'm in love.You cannot be allowed to leave Philadelphia until you've gone here.  It's an experience in itself.  Stop at every vendor to get a prosciutto-stuffed pepper, or olives, or your choice of charcuterie.This is what I've been looking for. 
The moment I entered Philly's Italian Market, I turned to my bf and said "It reminds me of Italy!" I lived in Florence for over 4 months and have greatly missed some aspects of that culture, especially the old world vibe that persists throughout the cities, most noticeably in their markets. This place is similar but for obvious reasons quite different and unique, and that's what makes it fantastic!
The stores that line the streets and whose wares inevitably spill out onto the sidewalk as well offer a large variety of items, ranging from produce, fresh seafood and meats, cheeses and pastas, and home goods. It seems like some of the Italian places import certain items from Italy, which is awesome since now I can get a few of the things that I used to live off of in Florence right here in the US! Of course, its not just Italian businesses here anymore, but also Mexican and Asian. Some might complain that its losing its original identity, but all things must evolve in our global economy and the transformation that the Italian Market is undergoing can only mean good things for its future.
Even if you have no reason to come down here, the Italian Market is worth it even to just walk around and explore. This is one place that is truly, truly a major part of the heart of Philadelphia.Love love love! I used to live a few blocks away and I miss it! Great produce for cheap ...It is a bit of a walk from downtown, but really not that far. Depends on your walking ability, and weather outside if you should walk or take a cab. 
    The Italian blood is greatly thinned in 2014, but its still worth a visit if you have the time and wish to stroll a few blocks. You can still se vendors, and find stores worth visiting and food worth eating!   Try not to go late in the day as activity dies down or ceases. 
     I enjoyed the wall art most of all!  See photos.If you haven't been down to the Italian Market yet, leave your strollers at home and venture in on a Saturday or Sunday when it's at its finest. Plenty of people watching, produce to buy, food & drink to be consumed, and meats and cheeses galore. 
There are several produce stands so do your due diligence and shop around. Don't get swindled!
Definitely try Cladio's (for their cheese), DiBruno Brothers (for their fine Italian pork items, cheese, and olives), and Cannuli's (the white meat side, for your ground turkey and chicken). 
Anthony's Cafe for a cup of coffee and biscotti. 
And make sure to walk all the way down 9th street for a taste of Little Mexico. Lots of great taquerias and cheap stores along the way.Love, love, love! I can't get enough of this place.  I wish I lived closer so that I could visit on a weekly basis.  
Where else can you get 10lbs of meat for $16 or 6 garlic bulbs for $1?? 
Beyond the great cuts of meat and fresh veggies; the cheese, olives, pasta and paninis bring me back to my childhood. My boyfriend and I love to spend our Sunday afternoon walking up and down 9th St.  
Oh and don't forget the tea shop and the spice corner...amazing!Nice outdoor market when in Philly. I do like Reading Terminal more, but this has more of an eclectic feel to it which is also pretty cool. My favorite stop here was Paesano's which is a must visit for sure!One stop shopping! More like 15 spots all in one. Fresh produce, home made pasta, butchers, and best Italian markets in city!Remember when Rocky was training? Those shots of him running through the market, hard not to visualize it when you are there. The area has a unique amount of sounds and smells, the fish markets in particular. Worth walking down the area, pretty much closed and wrapped up by 5 p.m.How does one choose which market to shop at? Redding or Italian market... I guess I will go to Italian Market on warm days and Redding on snowy days.
The aroma is what gets me. Every few step the aroma changes depending on which store you are passing. Spice shop, coffee shop, butcher shop, fish market, cheese shop... you get the picture. It just draws you into the stores naturally. 
And a few blocks away on Washington are the Vietnamese grocery stores. Where you can get live seafood and asian vegie. 
This is as good as it gets!Such cheap grocery!! Screw Superfresh ... this is so the place to go. Where else can you buy 4 lbs zucchini for $2.00... or 7 tangerines for a buck... or 2 bundles of asparagus for buck! Okay, I'll stop listing my great deals :P But really, this is such a great way for anyone on a budget to get good and cheap produce. They have everything you may need including bell peppers, apples, zucchini, peaches, grapes, broccoli, carrots etc! 
Besides the farmer's market, there are also a lot of great stores surrounding these few blocks. I like Darigo's Fish market as well as the various meat stores they have. It is also fun to check out all the yummy cheeses at Di Bruno's! Another one of my favorite stores is the Spice Corner where you can get just about any herb/spice you will ever need!
This is also a great spot to go for fresh pastas and to cook a great dinner. It might also be fun to take visitors here as well.We have officially found our favorite place. Sometimes a little smelly, but other than that......the freshest cheese (perfect for the cheese connoisseur ), excellent cuts of meats, fresh poultry, (mostly) fresh veggies and herbs......amazing pasta all over the place.....and right down the road you have all these restaurants and little nooks! If you plan to spend some $ and actually shop, i would suggest bringing one of those hot/cold bags seeing as it gets pretty hot.Great selection of fresh meats and cheese. Better prices then any grocery store and huge selections.Recognizing that I'm toying with a Philadelphia institution, I'll choose words carefully. The Italian Market would be simply amazing if I lived anywhere near South 9th Street. Because I don't, comparing the effort against the dividends, I don't see much worth.
It is an experience, and it certainly does have, as Caitlin aptly puts "character." I'm just not sold entirely yet. It's push and shove, hard to get parked, and not even the kind of wholesale marketing that I've come to appreciate growing up around Pittsburgh's Strip District.This is a great 1 stop shop place to get all of your vegetables, meats, cheese or just want to hang out there for the day. There tons of butcher that can help you select you meats and vegetable stand to buy for the week. Yes alot of vegetable are alittle ripe so just buy it for your dinner that night. I really enjoy walking thur the market and looking at everywhere. I just wish i had a kitchen so i can go make something. Alot of things are very affordable. The Italian has more then just italian market inside, there are alot of asian/mexican people who has called it their home also. I wish i had more time so i can spend the whole day there. A true treasure for any neighborhood in the US!Another great market, Reading Terminal gets 4 stars for variety, Italian gets 4 stars for price and Italian-ness. Highlight for us was Paesano's for sandwiches and the rows of produce and protein variety cheap and fresh. Kitchen goods, fresh sausage, bakeries, cheese and olives to choke an Italian Stallion. If you keep walking you go through some heavily latin influenced shops (wish I spoke better Spanish since not most things do not have prices and I wasn't in a mood to haggle) and end at Pat's and Gino's. I look forward to exploring the area more.Two blocks of actual market, with dollar stores and Mexican restaurants girding every side. This area of Philadelphia, I feel like, tells you a lot about the city's history and economy.
Great, great, great streetart, Italian bakery with Italian sodas (weirdly so hard to find these days), and fish markets I would kill to have in my neighborhood. Also, salami for days, fresh spices, fresh cheese. It's not the sexiest, but it's worth stopping by.As a whole, I love this place!!!  Amazing spices, cheeses, meats, vendors...just a bustling experience that is not to be missed!!!!Best part about Philly! Love the produce and family owned butchers and fish markets. Great prices, great product!