What can I say that others have not said? Not much but I can tell you this, This hotel was an excellent value for the $125 a night I paid to stay here. I am a native of Philadelphia however I was visiting the city for a wedding and did not want to stay with family.
I remember when this hotel was built but had no idea what it was really like until I stayed here. As soon as you pull in you have staff greeting you. The doormen, the bellman etc. I saw the check in desk was fairly large and just knew I was going to have to wait a long time to check in. That was not the case. I was called to the counter very fast. The agent asked for my name and id. She pulled up my reservation very quickly and gave me the information I needed for my room. She was polite, courteous and had a genuine smile the entire time. 
My room was on the 15th floor. I had to actually travel through this large lobby to a set of elevators around the corner. Before I got to my room I noticed they had ice cream in a small freezer for guest at check in. How cute.
I eventually got to my room and was impressed. The pics speak for themselves. The room was a good size, super clean because I checked and saw nothing out of line and it smelled good. I was already in heaven. I had no time to sit down but I did enjoy that bed when I came back to my room that night. It was plush and I sure wished I had it at home.
I have nothing negative to share about this hotel. It was A-ok with me.One thing this hotel needs- updated food. Room service is mediocre and has been the same far too long. There really aren't any options for people trying to watch what they eat, or options to substitute.  And when I say update- I don't mean that awful Fresh Bites thing Marriott thinks is a good idea. It's wasteful and anything but fresh.
The food in the concierge lounge is usually decent, but at times it seems like they just throw out whatever they can find.  Again, keeping in mind that everyone doesn't want to eat pastries and pasta in heavy sauce everyday- salad and veggies are always a nice option.  Especially at breakfast.  I'm so tired of pastries and breads I can't eat and under-ripe fruit I won't eat. Recently was at a RI which had salad fixings on the breakfast bar, and surprise- it was the most popular item!
The staff here are always friendly and helpful.
Rooms could use a refresh. They are fine, but dated and a bit dark.
The restaurant is ok, but again, could use a refresh on the menu. 
The doormen are always helpful and friendly. I just wish they didn't let people smoke right outside the door- it's kind of gross waiting for a cab with all that smoke.
However, when there are large groups in the hotel- particularly groups of young people in town for some sort of competition nearby, don't place your regular guests in the same area. We spent a horrible weekend among a bunch of rowdy kids running up and down the halls, screaming and yelling. When we complained the response was "they have their own security."  That's not how you treat customers.LOCATION:
Very central to the Reading Terminal Market, Hard Rock, Macy's and shopping.
LOBBY:
Spacious area with a raised platform in the center with lounge seats & tables, and a restaurant off to one side. 
ROOM:
Nice and spacious. The bed was very comfy and the pillows were firm. I hate those normally soft ones where your head is pretty much level with the bed.
Cable was out for the entire night and next day.
The bathroom is spacious with 1 sink and a shower/tub with okay water pressure and a quick drain. 
There was no parking in their garage, even for hotel guests.  There are several lots nearby which are priced a little less but the walk is farther.
SERVICE:
Check in & out was fast and friendly. We didn't utilize any other hotel services.Beware, Bedbugs.  I'm covered in over 140 bed bug bites.  Stayed 5 nights.  Hotel sent a security guard to my room to write my name down upon my complaint to the manager and that is it.  A colleague at the same conference said wrong place to stay known to have bedbugs.  Long time Marriott customer with elite status and highly disappointed.  Reported to Health Department.  Similar complaints posted on trip advisor and bed bug registry.  Miserable experience.. know how to check your room or avoid location.Rating - 3.5 stars
I stayed at the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown while attending a conference at the convention center.  It's in a really convenient location (near restaurants, shopping, across from the Reading Terminal Market, walking distance to historical sites, etc.), and there's an indoor walkway that connects directly to the convention center.  The lobby area is also really big and a good place to hang out with work colleagues.  The concierge is really big and well stocked.  Given all these plusses, I would rate the hotel a solid 4 stars.  However, I didn't have a 4-star stay because of the really, really loud construction noise on the street nearby that sounded like someone revving a motorcycle, dropping huge metal containers, and jackhammering throughout the whole night.  It was impossible to get a good night's sleep.  This was one of those times when I wished Philadelphia had a noise curfew.  The walls were also pretty thin, as I could hear the person in the room next door engaging in "late night activities".  Too bad an otherwise pleasant stay was tainted by such severe noise issues.Love this hotel. I just checked into Philadelphia today and I'm having a blast. I came on this trip alone knowing it was be a good one. I'm doing the tourist/adventure thing. This hotel is huge from I see. Check in was simple and o did everything from my marriot app. I simply walked to the front desk and they asked for ID. By the way, they let me check in at 1:00pm. I didn't have to tote a suitcase around the city until 4pm. I also have a pretty awesome view from my room. Look at City Hall.Great location & very centrally located to everything in Philadelphia. Room was clean and quiet, and only $119 with the AAA rate! 
Wifi is free if you are a member of Marriott rewards, which I joined immediately prior to staying here.Hotel is super conveniently located for everything you might want to do in Philly - a close walk to the museums, historical stuff, south street, etc. You really can't get a better location. 
Room was affordable, parking wasn't too bad (considering it was valet and everything else in the area is similarly priced).
Room was super clean and the housekeeping staff was SUPER friendly.  The bed was really comfortable, the temperature control was spot on, and it was a great stay.The hotel itself looks nice, but once you head over to the rooms it looks pretty outdated. I wasn't very happy with the check in process, the guy who checked me in didn't explain that there are two towers; I was there for the auto show and would have liked to know that there was one tower closer to the convention center. I also have status and I'm usually offered water bottles when I check in, I had to ask him for water after seeing other people get them and he came back with just one because he ran out. 
I had great service from the waitress at the bar, however, the food I ordered was mediocre. I ordered their seafood tater tots, which looked amazing on paper, but were lacking flavor. 
The highlight of staying here was that I got to catch the Superbowl while I was there and they had tv projectors in the lobby, they also had free food/drinks at the concierge lounge, which was pretty great. 
The location is great, near many restaurants and easy access to landmarks.As conference venues go, I have to say the Marriott Philadelphia Downtown is pretty crappy.  All the meeting rooms are too small; if you combine them together, you get a very long and narrow room that makes the people in the back feel like they're not even participating.  The ballroom is a pretty decent size, as is the exhibit hall, but the congregation areas on the 4th and 5th floors (outside those rooms) are ridiculously long and the escalators are inconvenient.  The main lobby has lots of great chairs - I even took a nap on one, since I'm staying with friends while attending this conference - but needs more outlets.  The restaurant (13) and bar (Circ) are jaw-droppingly overpriced.  $9.50 for a vodka diet? $6 for a tiny bit of hummus?  Seriously?  And the wifi...I didn't even bother.  $13 PER DAY for non-hotel guests.  I've heard rumors that the parking is $45/day but I've been using public lots and garages instead, there are a million around.  The Starbucks in the lobby is priced normally and has lots of seating.  The official conference center is convenient to get to from inside.  Reading Terminal Market is right across the street for lunch, but you'll have to go elsewhere for dinner because it closes at 6pm.
I'll be back next year for another conference and I'll be staying in a room that time, so I'll definitely update my review then.Beautiful hotel.  Hard to drive to if you're not familiar with the city.  Decor is stylish.  Bed looks old and needs a fluffy comforter.  Pillows look fluffy but deflate easily.Wifey is very particular about her rooms. From looking at the traveler's photos, I felt pretty good, but the carpets looked old and very work (kinda dirty in appearance). We had to stay for a conference though, so it was going to happen. 
CHECK_IN: The train from the airport went directly to the convention center. From there we took an elevator up to the convention center and then followed the many signs across the bridge to the hotel without ever setting foot outdoors. We were checked in at the VIP station very promptly and got our room. 
ROOM: It was very clean, comfy. The carpet was ugly and dated, but very clean nonetheless. The TV was very small and cheap for such an expensive place, they def need to upgrade. the beds were great, nice bedding, very comfortable and clean again. 
AMENITIES: We didn't use the pool area at all, but I did use the fitness center. It was pretty small, but adequate. They had about 8-9 treadmills, some ellipticals, some nautilus equipment, and some dumbells with benches. Not bad, I got a good workout in anyway. 
LOCATION: right in the middle of everything downtown and a short walk to shopping, restaurants, nightlife, etc. Also, connected by tunnels and bridges to the convention center, many shops and restaurants, the reading terminal market, etc., for your convenience so that you don't have to set foot outside. 
CONFERENCE ROOMS: the conference rooms were pretty standard for a nice hotel. They were nice, well-equipped, and decent sized. 
VALUE: very pricey in my opinion. We paid $200/nt for the conference but I'm sure it is usually more. For what you are getting, you should be paying $100-130 tops in my opinion. I would trade the convention center convenience to cut the price in half any day of the week!everything awesome beside my waitress..last night i had a dinner i paid with groupon so after we told her we have groupon her attitude been changed. Even when i asked my check and paid with groupon she asked me tip..i said of course i'm gonna leave you tip but i never heard before..This kind a big restaurants needs to be more picky when they hire waitress or any other employees..Attended a big (350plus) event in the grand ballroom.
Excellent service and surprisingly good food.
Recommend..Not the best Marriott I have been to but decent. Stayed there on a Free Night coupon so I have nothing to complain about. Nice Beds and semi spotless rooms. Overall not a bad stay buit they are doing renovations to the main lobby.
One plus is the Starbucks in the lobby, although the serivce there is horrible. 
Would probaly try and stay somewhere else until the lobby is done with constructionThree stars for a three star hotel, how fitting.  It's a Marriott, expect upper middle class accommodations. Clean, pleasant staff, fast check in. Stiff mattress, thin walls, and small bathrooms. I was very thankful that the hotel did not put us on a floor with one of the dozens of high school volleyball teams in town for some regional championship but it meant the lobby restaurant was teaming with teenagers. The card key access elevator was a nice touch but the layout of the lobby made them difficult to find. So while I would have rather stayed at the Lowes across the street the Marriot was fine for a night!Great location.  Right by the convention center and the Reading Market.  Great areas to explore nearby.  Rooms are OK, but slightly dated.  For drinks, pick 13 over the main lobby bar.  Great restaurants nearby should preclude eating here.We stayed here for 5 nights in November for the WFTDA roller derby national tournament.  After booking through the event's block of rooms, we discovered we could save quite a bit by going through Priceline.  As a result we had a rather confusing booking, under two names and several separate confirmation numbers.  The fact that the gentleman checking us in was only mildly annoyed by this was a small miracle in itself.  
The hotel itself is well connected to not only the Convention Center, but also the train and many shops/restaurants.  Someone attending an event at the Convention Center could get by very well without ever having to set foot outside.  Reading Terminal Market is right across the street!
Beds were comfy, with wonderful fluffy pillows that managed to be soft, yet maintain shape at the same time.  
For a place this ginormous, the staff does a great job of personalizing your say there.Very nice hotel. Excellent location putting us in walking distance to almost all of downtown Philly's attractions. Very courteous staff, clean rooms, upscale toiletries, great location.I stayed in philly for a few weeks while visiting friends. I found this hotel to be near a majority of things and stayed here. The hotel and its staff are incredible. Very well built, customer service was incredible. The only issue is the temperature in the room, I live in California and understand it would be cold, but my gosh! My room felt like the Arctic.  They room heating/cooling system is on a timer that shuts off constantly so my room was never warm enough.
I've been telling everyone Im staying at the NorthPole, feels like it!Stay away from Marriott Downtown.
Arrived to find a line of 100 plus people waiting to check in.
Our room was in a neighboring building a block away. (Especially inconvenient when you return late at night and discover your room key doesn't work and you have to go back to the main desk to get a new one.)
The room view was of a wall and air conditioning ducts...for an astonishing $250 a night.
Save money and have a better experience at a motel 63.5 Stars stayed at this hotel to visit family 
Pros
-beautiful lobby and spacious!
-offers a gym, indoor pool, and full Starbucks store inside
-this maybe weird but when you open the door to your room, it smelled nice. Lol I hate staying at hotels and they usually have a musty smell, so for this hotel to smell nice when you walked in gave it a little brownie point
-lobby area has huge bar area with lots of comfort lounge chairs and large tvs
-in the heart of the city, a few blocks from stores and popular restaurants 
-staff was friendly 
Cons
-bathroom was a little outdated, tile floor looked a bit gross
-for an expensive hotel, I wish they offered better toilet paper selection. Best to bring your own. The kind they offer is very thin and cheap 
-super expensive parking if you park the car in the garage 
-was a little dusty in the room but mainly clean
-they don't have any backup concierges, long line to check in with two small kids is not fun.. 
Will definitely stay at this hotel again due to a great location!Lobby: 5 stars
Lavish in appearance & festive in spirit. I loved the tall decorated Christmas tree in the center of the entrance lobby.
Restaurant/Bar/Lounge: 4.5 stars
The ambience is modern classy & the decor is contemporary art inspired as evidenced by the application of subtle and vibrant colors. It is a nice wide open space with high ceilings and centrally located on the ground floor close to the lobby. The best seating area for drinks is by the marble edged water fountain with a large bronze sculpture. 
They do have a good wine selection, but the beer menu could have been more creative. We ordered the 3 tiered sampler of 5 sliders, 4 super meaty crab cakes, 15 chicken wings, and small salad of radish & zucchini.  Loved the crab cakes! I could have eaten all 4 of them, but I had to share. It was decently priced at $35 and more than enough for 2 people to handle. We needed a third person to help us clean up the plates.
Room: 5 stars
We had a corner room the 21st floor with a great view of City Hall. The beds were so comfy that we ended up sleeping in late 2 mornings in a row. I'm glad they didn't have the ugly paisley bedspreads I'm so used to seeing in most hotels. Sleeping under the ultra thick feather stuffed comforter felt like being wrapped in a cocoon.
Toiletries: 1 star
I wasn't too pleased with the orange ginger flavored shampoo & conditioner from Bath & Body Works. Although the label read "Aromatherapy" in bold typeface, it smelled a lot like hand sanitizer. 
Service: 5 stars
The attendants were very prompt and professionally mannered. Once we called the front desk informing the hair dryer in our room broke, it took no more than 3 minutes for the repair guy to deliver a new one to us. When we asked for more bath towels & shampoo, they arrived within 2 minutes to deliver our stuff.
Gym: Rating not applicable
Although I didn't get a chance to use any of the equipment, the facility is open 24 hours.  
Pool: 2.5 stars
The water was lukewarm in temperature, but the chlorine was so strong it stuck to my skin. I had to take 2 showers to rinse the odor off. 
Jacuzzi: 3 stars
The water was well heated and the jets produced enough pressure. However, the jets would automatically shut down after 15 minutes. We had to get up every time and turn the switch back on. The interruptions didn't make our spa experience so relaxing.
Sauna: 1 star
We didn't know where the switch was to turn the steam on. The gym attendant was MIA the whole time we were there from 5:30-6:30pm. 
Guests: 1 star               
We met a nice couple from Bucks County having vodka gimlets by the water fountain at the bar/lounge the first night we arrived. One of them seemed very chatty. We also came across a lot of old fashioned fuddy-duddies on our way to and from the indoor pool located on the 7th floor. They were formally dressed for dinner and condescendingly stared at us with discomfort. Guess it's a rare occassion to ride an elevator with 2 girls like us wearing swimsuits wrapped in bath towels. Anyway, this is a hotel...not a church!Bed bug alert!!! I stayed at this Marriott for two nights this week in room 8808 for a conference. The room itself was nice. The lack of free internet was a bummer, The day after the first night, I was a little itchy after my shower but didn't think anything of it since I had an early start and was in a rush. The next day, I was REALLY itchy. I checked in the mirror and had itchy bite marks all over my back!!! Gross!
I have traveled quite a bit for work and never had a bed bug incident! This hotel is gross!Just like Holly T., I stayed here while attending a conference at the convention center. This was the best hotel experience I have ever had while attending a conference. The price was good, the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the interactions I had with the staff were nice.
It's so convenient to the convention center with an indoor bridge on the second floor. It's also convenient to Reading Terminal Market and super cute 13th Street with too many restaurants, wine bars, and shops to name.
And just like Holly T., my only complaint was having no wifi available, for free or otherwise. -1 star for that, but otherwise a very positive experience!Good location
Fine rooms
Valet parking is trouble
So many reviews have covered the basics, so I'll try to touch on some of the peripherals.
If you want to be downtown when staying, you could do a lot worse than the walkability, transit access, and central nature of this hotel.  Capacity also isn't a problem, as it's tremendous; even the largest of groups can grab a block of rooms here without much trouble.  That capacity also generally drives room prices lower unless a very large event is going on, as does happen with the conventions held nearby.
Reading Terminal should be treated as the breakfast and/or lunch spot du jour here instead of ever bothering with an on-site restaurant...which is not to disrespect the Marriott offerings, but you're in Philadelphia - take advantage of his hotel's location and consider it a perk of the real estate to have that city institution just steps from the hotel lobby.
You won't likely have a great view here, even with some of the higher floor rooms - it's situated conveniently, but surrounded on virtually all sides by other similar buildings, which crowds the scenery.  Not a real problem, but not as scenic as some Center City offerings.
I've attended a wedding that was hosted here, and the bride and groom both felt very well attended to and taken care of throughout the process.  I can say that the set-up and take-down processes were prompt, professional, and unobtrusive, just as you'd want them to be.  The wedding crew executed very well, and with a friendly air that was appreciated. 
Finally, the valet parking here is (at time of writing, December 2013) $48/night.  Philadelphia parking rates aren't cheap to begin with, there are no surprises in the publication of fees, and the people are generally friendly at drop-off, the pay window, and pick-up.  However, the valet bay is almost always bustling if not overly crowded, dropping off guests can be a harrowing experience, and if you need directions to your next destination, get them before you get your car, because the staff will (understandably) be hurrying to clear you out of the lane.  Also, even though you're given a valet ticket to claim your car by calling down 10-15 minutes ahead, I've had the experience on more than one occasion that the person manning the call line says "due to the high volume of check-outs today, we're unable to do call-ahead; please come down to claim your car."  When I did, I was told it would be a 20-25 minute wait.  It turned out to be 20, but that was 20 minutes I would have preferred to be in my room, rather than holding a duffel bag and a suit, cooling my heels in the lobby because it was 20 degrees out.
Last FYI: This hotel's closest competition is its little brother, the Courtyard by Marriott location essentially adjacent, facing City Hall.  Each has the location you want if right downtown is what you need; comparing each for availability, price, and specials is always a worthwhile exercise.
A-OK.This hotel is perfectly situated in downtown Philadelphia to meet the needs of all travelers. It is especially convenient for those attending functions at the Convention Center. Immediately across the street is the Reading Terminal Market, a real treat!!
I have stayed at Marriotts many times and have to say that this is not what I've been accustom to at this type of hotel. But it was clean, staff was courteous, and everything was perfect for what I needed during this business trip.Not much nightlife in the area. Hotel is really run down.  Not your standard quality MarriottVery good service.  We landed early and checked in but rooms were not ready yet.  We asked if they could put our rooms near each other.  They happily accommodated us!! They called us as soon as out rooms were ready.  I didn't have my Marriott rewards card and thy liked it up and credited me for my stay!!The hotel is very convenient, located in downtown Philly, and close to the Reading Terminal Market. It is also located close to the town hall and town square. On a nice day, you can get a great view of Philadelphia, especially if you are located one of the higher floors. I was here for July 4th weekend and you could see the fireworks over the city. The club lounge is very nice and the servers try to do their best to make your stay a positive experience. There are a variety of dishes ranging from hot foods to pastries and yogurts and the rooms are nice and clean. There also is a FedEx, a Starbucks, a lounge, a restaurant, a bar, and much more. The rooms are spacious and clean and the guest services are very helpful. The only bad thing is that there are multiple towers and the convention hall takes a long time to get to, especially when there are about 1000 or more people trying to get to the same place. They might want to consider making sure all the elevators are working, especially on a busy weekend. Very positive experience overall and I would come back.I stayed at the Downtown Marriot for a conference last week. First let me say that the beds are ridiculously comfortable!  You never want to get out of them! I never actually ordered room service because all meals were covered. However, the food itself was relatively tasty. I only say this because I am a vegetarian, and conference-food doesn't necessarily cater to vegetarians. But, I never had any trouble finding food in the Reading Market which is literally a less than a 2 minute walk from the Hotel. 
Their pool is small. I love their gym. It has good machines and you can get a pretty decent if not equivalent workout there. Guys - please note - obviously if you are the iron-pumping type, this gym will not work for you. 
I also like the fact that you get the newspaper right at your door every morning. It's usually USA Today but I saw the Wall Street Journal in front of few doors (confession - I swapped my USA Today with their WSJ! ) But, I think you can probably request a change in what newspaper you get. 
The downtown Marriot is a big hotel that caters mostly to conferences and such. I'm sure there are people there not attending any conferences, but be prepared to see A LOT of people wearing nametags, etc. If you are looking for a romantic experience, this hotel might not be for you. Moreover, it is quite expensive.  Especially considering that the bathrooms are nothing to write home about.This ended up being a great place to have a group of us stay while spending a weekend in Philly. We had planned on having 3 people in a room, but kept ending up with people coming late, extra rooms being booked - so that never actually happened. And as such, it was great. This really is downtown, a short walk from many restaurants, shops, train station and theaters. Bus station is further away. Its a longer, but doable walk, to a lot of tourist attractions in either direction. Throw in public transit or cabs, and you're really positioned great to explore the city.  
This is a marriott, so the rooms, staff etc are what you expect - I'll focus on the differences from a standard marriott here. 
The rooms are smaller - its a city hotel. Plenty of space for two guys, maybe crowded for more than that. If you get two beds, you can't bring in a cot - that is only available for king sized beds. If you plan on having three to a room - I'd suggest going that route.
The bar and restaurant on premise are very classy. Plenty of seating in the downstairs lounges make this a great place for a drink while you round up your friends.
Breakfast is only included if you're an elite member. Fortunately we had enough members in our group we all made it up to the 21st floor lounge. Free water, continental breakfast + eggs meant a great start for the days we used this.
Parking is $50 a day. It's valet, so add in a tip every time you want to use your car. Also add in 20 minutes or call ahead, because they are not fast with this - but they are careful with the cars. One guy found $20ish parking next door in an open lot, but no in/out privilege. Be aware of this, and plan accordingly.Great Priceline price of $55/night! Location is centrally located near train stations, Chinatown, The Trocadero, across street from Reading Market. Bed was comfy, bathroom spacious compared to comparable hotels. For your convenience, there's an airport shuttle departing every half hour for only $12, great if you have luggage.Love the proximity of the Marriott downtown.  Ventured into the hotel without a reservation and was provided.  Was extremely busy with conventions and cheer competitions but the facility rooms were quiet.   Perfect location to walk to Reading terminal across the street.   Was a great stayAs a business traveler, I  have stayed at hundreds of Marriots. This hotel is the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in. 
1) Ants in  my room - I found ants in my room. I called the front desk since I had to leave for the office.  When I returned to my room, there was no indication whether the ants had been removed or if any action was taken.  I had to go down to the front desk to find out that they were not aware of the issue.
2) Bad customer service - I had a stomach ache and called room service  for a cup of hot water.  I was charged $16!!!  For a cup of hot water.  When I inquired aboout the charge, they said this is their policy.  It wasn't till I told the room service manager, if you were sick - would you want to be charged for hot water did she agree to remove the charge.
3) Dirty rooms - in general the air in the rooms is stagnant. I found stains on my towels and on the sofa chair.
After my horrible stays in this hotel, I will never return - and I advise you to do the same.A Standard Marriott with extraordinarily high room prices due its location.Nice and clean hotel. They have free wi-fi, an indoor pool, gym. It is very close to the Reading Terminal Market which is like an international food market/food court which we loved. There is a Seven-Eleven across the street in case you forgot some travel essentials. We walked to Dilworth Park, Locust St, Your Move sculpture, Love Park, City Hall. We would've ventured further if it wasn't winter and 35°F out. There is a Starbucks in the lobby. Check-in and out were quick. Beds were soft. Mini refrigerator in room. My one complaint: One-Ply toilet paper in the rooms, the really thin kind that you can see through. Why?!?!? Such a lovely hotel with all the conveniences and yet they frustrate their guests with discounted toilet paper. *sigh* But our stay was good overall.The property is nice. It's not recently renovated but there is nothing strikingly outdated. The bed and pillows are comfortable and the room noise is very minimal. The lounge is a decent size but was crazy packed on a Sunday morning. I'd stay here again. Tip: parking can set you back $50 a night so park in a nearby neighborhood that doesn't have parking restrictions and walk.A little big for my taste...still excellent property.One thing this hotel needs- updated food. Room service is mediocre and has been the same far too long. Also, breakfast doesn't need to be pastries and cereal. Would love to see veggies/salad in the lounge as an option.There are some great two word combinations. "High Five", "Extra Guacamole", "Mets Win", but nothing tops "Free Upgrade". Getting upgraded to a suite was only the first reason why my stay at the Marriot Downtown was truly five star worthy. 
The accommodations are peaceful, quiet, and comfortable. The suite had room to spare and everything you would expect from a hotel of this caliber. I could live in that bed. 
Along with our stay we had access to their pool and gym. The gym was standard and the pool looked nice. I especially enjoyed the note left by the attendant who wrote they would be right back, and that they had to dump the fresh linens. If read fast you may think it said something else. 
The hotel is smack head in the middle of the downtown area and located across the street from everyone's favorite, Read Terminal Market. The place is gorgeous. It's was exactly what I was looking for. 
Thank you to the wonderful staff of the Marriot Downtown.A little pricey, but clean and well maintained. Free apples at check-in and the ability to print out your boarding pass for free in the lobby are bonuses.  Wifi in the room costs $13 bucks or you can go to the lobby for free wifi. 
Great location - about 1.5 miles from touristy stuff like Philly Museum of Art (Rocky steps), Independence Hall/Liberty Bell, US Mint, etc. The metro (which is $7 from the airport) drops you off right at the hotel. $11 for a shuttle to and from airport every 30 minutes. However, would probably stay at the other Marriott, literally down the street (Juniper) for cheaper and I think free wifi.Clean room. Friendly check in staff. Allowed us to check out late which really helped with our event. Centrally located-walkable to great restaurants and bars. Park at the parkway deck for $37-24 hours.Excellent location with a Starbucks in the lobby, the pros stop there. Customer service was OK, the rooms were on OK, linen was not fresh and the water pressure was awful... I was very disappointed, thankfully my family wasn't in the hotel other than sleep, and we are the Elite members' breakfast. Clean linen, well stocked bathroom, like toilet paper is a necessity as I personally take my own pillowcases everywhere I go but this place, my Lysol was also needed. This Marriott was Overprice but  because of location we stayed the duration. Not Vegan friendly in their joke of a restaurant,"13" was lacking but there are several restaurants within walking distance... If you are in the area on business, the location is great, other than that, you will be disappointed as your alarm is hearing the people next door taking a shower. The pipes are loud but not very much pressure was a bit annoying... First and Last time staying at this Marriott property.We stayed here for the July 4 th weekend for 4 nights and was one of the most enjoyable vacations we have been on.  The room was nice and clean we did have a rear view but it was okay we could see the reading terminal market. The staff was so nice. Very professional.  My wife and I were in the lobby visiting with our son who drove up just to see us before he went to New York. And a Manager came up asked if he could take picture of our family and we accidentally spilled coffee and they were so courteous and cleaned up. And talked with us and welcomed us to the city.   Room service was good. If you are visiting philly this is the place to stay.I just got back from a conference in Philadelphia and sadly stayed at this sorry Marriott. I realize this is a large metropolitan hotel but the customer service at this Marriott is the worst I have ever experienced. They simply didn't give a damn. Wifi not working. #shrug. Room is too warm and uncoolable. #shrug. I could grab 10 people of the street with better customer instincts than this crew. Also it's sad when the floor is mushy to the step but the bed is stiff as a board. Non-existent views even after asking for a higher floor. Over-priced parking and yeah did I mention the wifi sucked? Having to wait on a room at 6:30 seems pretty ridiculous as well.Check was fine!  Then I came down to get my car from the valet.  I called 12 minutes earlier and when I arrived I still had to wait another 15 minutes.  The following day I called down to get my car for check out. I came down and my car was parked across from the entrance but no one could find my car keys for over 45 minutes.  It turned out my car was parked in front of the entrance all night long.  I wrote the hotel and advised them of my experience and the hotel issued me a credit for the cost of valet.  Then after the credit was issued, they charged me 3 times for the valet.  It was hold on my credit card for over a week and I need my money to flowers for a funeral.  I called them and got no answer, tweeted them and got a half hearted reply.  Then I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and they called me.  They were not sympathetic nor customer friendly they actually attempted to belittle me.  The issue now stood that they were charging my card multiple times.  They claimed they issued me too many credits and my bank authorized my card again to replace the extra credit they issued me.  I called my bank on a three way call the bank denied they had anything to do with the new authorization.  I asked the guy how could you authorize my card without my permission?  He still denied he had anything to do with it.  This place is the worst and the rooms are old and nasty looking....I came to the Marriott Downtown for the yearly huge ISTE conference (largest EdTech conference in the world w/18K+people!) at the Philadelphia convention center.
Check in was unusually rough & annoying. As a member of the ISTE Board of Directors I had a king room reserved near an elevator - it wasn't ready early at 1:00pm when I came in all hot & sticky from the Amtrak train, cab, & a 100degree humid June day. It wasn't until after my 9pm meeting (and a temporary dbl room to change & a wasted $20 tip to desk mgr. ) that they finally got me into Rm 1076 - a lovely King near the elevator - on the side of the building that is closest to the 3rd floor bridge to the Convention Center which is key because the hallways are FOOTBALL FIELD LENGTH LONG! Whew! Seriously, if you're coming for a conference at the convention center and don't want to add another 10 min walk each way to your room make sure you get a high numbered room!
The newly renovated room was gorgeous! 42" LCD LG TV, sleek marble bathroom w/rain shower head, crisp sheet covered feather duvet & a plethora of pillows. It also had a nice view of the rotating guitar of the Hard Rock Cafe. Sadly, the bed hurt my back (unlike the Sofitel!)  so I asked for another feather duvet & with judicious doubling up created a feather bed topper. I also asked for a REFRIGERATOR which was not standard for bottles of water, Diet Coke, and fruit. Nice that they delivered it & plugged it in whilst I was at a meeting. The Marriott is a Pepsi hotel but there's a 7-11 out the front door and a Wine & Spirits shop out the back door (across the street from the outdoor cafe) Also close by a Hard Rock Cafe, Melting Pot, & an Italian place where I had a lovely but pricey lunch called Maggiano's.
Hotels will generally try and provide items that you need if they are not included. I've previously requested table or box fans to put me to sleep and provide air movement - too bad the Marriott didn't have any. Always TIP WELL when you are brought a requested item & thank them with a warm grateful smile!
There are 2 lobby bars - one in the middle of the lboby that's round, contemporary, pretty, comfy, but usually full and another Level 13 across the bank of elevators. Handy for meetings as they have a few tables near outlets for laptops - SCORE! Prices for drinks are high - $9.00 for a glass of Chardonnay and $7 for a bottle of Yeuingling.
Much has been said on Trip Advisor & Yelp about the rude service but after I got into my room the people were all lovely and accommodating as could be! I had 2 ROOM SERVICE meals that were delivered faster than estimated, piping hot, & tasty with only one hitch. I was disappointed when the cheapest ($40) bottle of Chardonay listed on the menu for an impromptu afternoon wine & cheese party was found to be unavailable with a call back 5 min after I ordered ..OK, let's try next one ($45) .....4 min wait on hold...No? Ok, the next one ($51) 3 min wait on hold...Nope! The cheapest bottle of Chardonnay avail from the room service staff was $65 ...What the heck!? Miffed, I canceled the whole thing and met my friends at the hotel lobby bar instead where.....the elusive $40 bottle of wine was available. I never did figure that out, but buying the whole bottle for wine and cheese party for 5 was just perfect and saved $10 bucks! Hey, I'm thrifty! 
The doormen were lovely & hailed cabs quick as a wink but the concierge gave questionable advice when looking for a place to eat steak & seafood. They recommended the Philadelphia Chart House (well known to me because of their sister properties in Annapolis & Baltimore) but the reviews on Yelp for this one were HORRIBLE! We ended up going to the Capital Grille (see my review) that was just amazing.
The walk from the hotel to the largest Terrace Ballroom going through the Convention Center is a LONG TREK! Like 5 blocks all inside & lovely but far, far, away! The Reading Terminal Market is also nearby with stalls of food & other delectable just make sure to keep your purse zipped & secured - a friend of mine had her wallet stolen whilst there this week...and that was just a shame!
WIRELESS Internet was NOT FREE & had some odd charges but it was fast & reliable. I'm still mystified how the Hampton Inn can a offer free brekkie and free wireless but fancy shmancy places like this can't or....don't.
All in all my 7 nights at the Marriott Downtown were great. Clean hotel, nice refurbished rooms, LOVED having HBO for my True Blood & Game of Thrones fix and staff that really - if approached with a warm smile, were gracious & accommodating! Thank you!
Room Tip: near an elevator, convention ctr sideAfter a 1-star experience at the Sheraton in Downtown Philadelphia a couple of weeks ago, it was so nice to stay at this Marriott.  The customer service they provided was second to none.  We were booked for two nights, Friday and Saturday.  On Saturday afternoon, something came up that we needed to tend to in Baltimore.  I spoke with a customer service representative and was leery that we wouldn't be able to receive a refund for Saturday evening, as at the time the issue arose it was well past checkout.  On the contrary, we were refunded, and the hotel representative was so sympathetic with my family emergency and several times wished me "all the best." 
On another note (disclaimer:  this is gross), one of our friends stopped by our room briefly on Friday night.  We'd been partying and he was admittedly pretty sloshed and accidentally vomited on the bed.  I tried to clean up after him but suffice it to say it was not working.  I sheepishly called down to the desk and asked for housekeeping (it was 1 am, I felt horrible and like such an over-privileged American, just had to say that), and throughout my intense embarrassment at the issue, the customer service provided was again impeccable.  
The room was lovely:  very clean and updated.  I will definitely return to the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown because the accommodations were excellent and the hotel staff made me feel valued.I've stayed here so many times for business over the years I can't count my stays, but I can count the free rooms from my reward points. This hotel is always consistent from the staff to the rooms, and is in a great location downtown to get to wherever you need to. To date I have never had any problems with staff, personal belongings or my car.This hotel is absolutely huge and caters to conferences and large groups.  The location is excellent.  However, I found the entire place to be understaffed (waited too long for anything I needed - check-in to check-out).  Room was attractive, but nothing outstanding.  Overall it was good, but not outstanding (same as my last stay here - if it hadn't been the lowest price Marriott in the area I would not have stayed here again)...I'd really like to give this hotel a higher rating because of the great location and close proximity to everything.  Reading terminal is across the street.  The bus depot and trains are walking distance.  There is a 7-11 across the street,  a shopping center (Old Navy, Burlington, Marshalls, etc...) down the block.   Chinatown is within a few blocks.  I didn't see a liquor store but I'm sure there is one nearby.   
However, the service leaves much to be desired.  
 I called prior to our reservation with a question and was hardly helped.  The woman who answered the phone was rushed and had an attitude.   
On Saturday evening we tried to get a drink from one of the hotel bars before returning to our room for the evening.  Both bars were crowded, an after wedding crowd, and both bartenders seemed overworked.  We squeezed into the bar at the restaurant and took a seat at the end of the bar.   We waited over 20 minutes with no service.   The bar back and the bartended didn't acknowledge anyone that was not in that giant group.  He even stopped to say hello to a friend that popped in at the other end of the bar.  I even tried waving my arm in the air to catch his attention to no avail.  We eventually went back to our room.  When we got back to the room we tried calling the front desk with no success.  We were placed on hold and we eventually hung up without being helped there as well.  We then tried room service... and was told that they closed at 1am.  It was after 1am, but not by much.  But if we didn't have to waste 30 minutes trying to get a drink or someone on the phone we wouldn't have missed the cut off.   We went out for a cigarette after that and were surprised by the staff members behind the check in desk.  Where were you when we were calling before?  
Sunday morning, we tried calling Valet to retrieve our car.  We were heading to an event and wanted to have the car ready so we would not have to stand outside with all of our packages and balloons (lots of balloons).   We tried 3 times and no one answered in valet.   We went downstairs, packages and balloons in tow) to retrieve our car and was told (by the staffed Valet desk) that it would be 20 minutes.   After waiting 20 minutes, a staff member approached us to ask us about our vehicle and then said "We are having difficulty finding your vehicle".  Seriously?  Press the panic button!   It took about 25-30 minutes to finally get our car from Valet.   
Spills in the elevators were not tended to.  The same coffee/breakfast spills that Ive noticed in the morning were still there later that evening.
Housekeeping... did their job... minimally.    The room wasn't dirty, but it as still messy and some trash was not removed.   Some of the trash fell out of the can and it was left on the floor (nothing dirty - just papers and a losing lottery ticket.. but still)  They vacuumed (maybe) the way my boyfriend does... around the items(bags, shoes, etc) on the floor.    Some of the towels they provided were not clean either.   To be honest, I've had better housekeeping at other cheaper hotel chains.  Also, don't start knocking on my door at 9am when the DO NOT DISTURB sign is posted.  
Also.. just a hint:  bring your own blow dryer!  I never expect much from a hotel dryer,but I usually make due.   This dryer was terrible.  I could have stuck my head out of the window and it would have dried quicker.Upon arrival I was greeted by a very attentive and friendly check in clerk. The hotel was busy with weddings the whole weekend but still had enough staff to assist everyone else. Rooms were clean and the price wasn't bad at all considering its proximity to everything.Location was a bit hard to find but very nicely decorated. Room was nice and clean but I highly recommend saving your money for the concierge floor upgrade. Went multiple times and it was empty...Disgusting. Our room was gross. I felt like they had rented the room out hourly before we got there and didn't clean it completely before we walked in. There is residue of past use in the bathroom. You walk out of the shower feeling itchy and dirtier than when you got in. Please also note that wifi is NOT FREE HERE, which in 2017 is a crock of sh*t in my opinion. I'd give it one star but the location is great so I changed it to 2 stars.Always a fan of the Marriott or Courtyard downtown, as I've stayed at both for years. From the valet to the front desk to room service, this place rocks. The only reason I gave it 4 stars, is because the address is on market street, but parking is behind the hotel and it's not easy to figure that out. For the non local people, drive around to Juniper and hit up the valet or self park. Outside of that, book it Dano, because this is a great hotel in a great area with superb restaurants to choose and walk too. Buying the old hotel across the street and doing the reno is a major plus, which is where we stayed. Very large rooms and great architecture. Nicely done Governor!Spent time here for a conference. Meeting space was great, roomy, and the food was outstanding. Love that there was a Starbucks in the lobby to make my way down to in the middle of sessions!The staff is friendly and willing to help you out when you need it. I lost my valet ticket while staying and they quickly found my car for me. 
The rooms are pretty nice and spacious, a quality I've come to expect and enjoy in Marriott. The only shortcoming is that there's just one restaurant in the hotel and it doesn't have an extensive menu. There are plenty of eating options close by, but when I first arrived I was too tired to go out, and didn't really see anything that appealed to me on their limited menu.
Overall an enjoyable stay.Be carefull giving your credit card to the bar.  10/19 a monday nite, not suoer busy, I went down from my room to get a glass of wine and bowl of soup.  My card was 'lost' for 20 minutes after I asked to close out.  Bartender was very unconcerned, yet my card was  'found' ...ok.  Schetchy...I really hate to write such a horrible review about a place but after the way me and my friends were treated after a recent stay. We checked in on a Saturday August 12th around 8:30 pm. I had two rooms booked under my name . Both rooms were located on the other side of the hotel, seems to be like an older part. Me and my friends left our rooms around 10:30 pm that night to attend a party in another part of Philadelphia. Only to come back around 5:00 am that morning to realize that my stuff was stolen. I had clothes taken, my Ipad charger, perfume, and my Louis Vuitton bag ! Come to find out three cards was issued for one of my rooms but I was only presented with 2 of those cards. I filed a claim with the Marriott claims department However nothing has been done in reference to this incident. When it came to check out I spoke with the manager about possibly being compensated for my room charge. After the the manager looked at me as if I was completely talking to a brick wall I asked him to let me speak to his manager. They showed no sympathy at all to our situation  and actually looked at me and my friends as if we were lying! All I keep thinking is that what if we were actually in the room and whoever the suspect is definitely works for the hotel. Their were extra room keys left in our room by someone as if the suspect had made his rounds in the hotel. Security told us that where our room was their was absolutely no cameras. So If you have considered staying this hotel you may want to reconsiderThe hotel has a good location, but other than that, it doesn't have much going for it. The wifi is expensive, the room shows signs of wear and tear. There are scuffs all over the hallway and room walls. The wood furniture is all chipped up. The door handle is falling off the closet door. The room smells dirty and stale. The concierge lounge is not well tended and frequently out of food. Need I go on? All this for $200 a night. 
There are so many other hotels to stay at in the area. Choose one of them!Lucky for me, this lovely hotel had availability last night or I would've gotten a taste of life on the streets of Philly.  Due to a citywide convention, most rooms are all full up, and not only did they have a room for me, it was a giant room, and even DOWN FREE!!!  For someone with such ridiculous allergies, this was awesome, although they still gave me grief.  Thought that counts!  
It's about as bad as an Orlando resort though when it comes to how far you have to trek to get from one side to the other, or to the Convention Center, depending on where you're staying.  That said, it's still very convenient for convention goers (especially in the winter, when you won't even have to go outside to get there!).
Staff was friendly, and room service not bad, although I'm quite sure my half bottle of cheap red wine was well past its prime.  
They have a salon, a couple of shops/concessions, a Starbucks, a restaurant, and two fitness centers and a pool.  Great deal if you can get a good rate.DO NOT stay here.  Terrible service.  Check-in was at 4pm and was not given a room until 6pm.  Front desk gave us different stories of when room would be ready.My wife and I Pricelined a hotel for the Saturday of 4th of July weekend, and ended up with the Marriot Downtown for $75. The Marriott is considered a 4 star hotel by Priceline, and that is what I am giving them in this Yelp review. The hotel was extremely well located for our visit as we were doing an eating and drinking crawl mostly centered around 12th and Sansom. I found our room to be perfectly adequate with the only quibble being a little bit of peeling paint in the bathroom above the shower. The shower itself was in an outdated bathtub surrounded by really outdated tile. It was clear that most of the bathroom had been updated sometime in the past 10 years, but they just ignored the tub and tile. Oh well. My wife did tell me that the whole hotel is going to have a major uplift soon, so maybe they'll get that. 
The bed was extremely comfortable (the mattress was neither to soft nor too firm), but the sheets, oddly enough, seemed slightly too small for the king bed. The decor of the room was fitting for a 4 star, not too opulent and not too blah. I enjoyed it. Ice machines were well located to all rooms on our floor, which came in handy as we had brought a bottle of bubbly.  I think we walked by 3 of them?   All contact with hotel staff was polite and professional, and the common area of the hotel was clean. For the money I would easily stay here again.Everything about it is exceedingly average. The worst part is trying to find it through the airport maze and lack of signage. I expected a piece of cheese at the end. 
The grill attached is overpriced but the food is pretty good, the Rachel sandwich was tasty.
The rooms are bland and dated but the beds are comfortable. None if the usual standard amenities like a coffee maker, fridge etc. rooms are pretty small but I never really care about that. 
Reception desk is average, not slow but not fast so I had no real complaints. They did take my mariott rewards but have not seen it show yet so that may change my rating lol. 
Overall just bland and not exciting but useful for early flights.Meh, stay here if you need easy access to the convention center, conveniently connected by a sky bridge.
Otherwise, the walls are way too thin and the rooms are not memorable. 
Two stars because the location is great, but a little research will probably lead you to a better hotel choice.I've stayed here a few times and overall I'm quite happy. 
First time here, the internet didn't work. Then it worked, but at a snail's pace (I use Lotus Notes... if I'm on the road for work and I can't get online, I get grumpy). Because it was unusable, I paid the extra $10 or whatnot for premium service just to see if I could actually get my emails. It didn't help. I mentioned this at the desk in the morning, and they apologized and said they'd been having issues. I told them they didn't have to credit me back for the premium charge, but I'd appreciate it. When I got the bill, they hadn't (not a big deal, but if I was working there I would have taken it off). In subsequent stays, the internet has worked fine.
If you like small, quiet, boutique hotels - this is not your bag. It's busy, open, big, and boisterous. I like it, but I could see some people not enjoying the bustle when they check in. The rooms themselves are quiet, or at least the ones I've stayed in have been. 
The concierge lounge is big and has lots of seating but I have to say, it's my least favorite Marriott lounge that I've been too. It's a long narrow room and the ceilings are kind of low. The windows on the right just look out onto the rest of the hotel. I've come here in the evening to find they had nothing laid out, not even sodas and water (it seems like they just wrap everything up and shut down after the 5-7p food service sometimes). Also, they seem to end breakfast very early compared to other Marriotts.
Still, it's a nice hotel in a great location and the rates aren't that bad compared to what's in the area. 
Note - I've stayed at the Courtyard Marriott as well, which is a stone's throw away. I would not recommend staying there when this hotel is not much more and a significantly better experience.Ein sehr gut gelegenes Hotel! 
Es ist alles zu erreichen und von jedem gut erreichbar. Deshalb werden wohl auch oft Meetings von großen Firmen in dem großen Komplex abgehalten. Es sind manchmal unglaublich viele Menschen im und um das Gebäude. Das Personal ist sehr freundlich und versucht jeden Wunsch zu erfüllen. 
Die Zimmer sind schön, wenn auch etwas alt modisch, aber sauber!
Die schall Dämmung scheint nicht die beste zu sein, das liegt jedoch auch vll an dem Alter des ge Gebäudes. Typische Stadt Geräusche sind je nach Lage des Zimmers mehr oder weniger laut zu hören. Alles in allem ein Hotel was zu empfehlen ist.This was my first time in Philadelphia for my daughters volleyball tournament. We were very excited about staying in this hotel!! Especially since we can walk through the hotel to go to the tournament. Once we got to our room it was dirty. The bathroom was filthy!!! It looked as if it wasn't cleaned at all!  I went down stairs to talk to a manager and one couldn't be found. I waited for a very long time to have my room switch! Very disappointed with the Marriott location!Covered access to convention center doesn't quite make up for it.
Stayed here for a conference and have never been so disappointed with the facility.  Service was really good, rooms are actually nicely laid out, but the way it's constructed just doesn't work.  My first room had an issue with the plumbing - where there was a loud grinding noise whenever people in rooms above used water.  They switched me to another room that was near the building exhaust fans (let's call that white noise) with the bed backed up against the elevator shaft.  Shafted would be a word!
On to room 3.  Still near the restaurant exhaust and apparently downwind of some awful chemical in the hallway.  Tired of moving, and now I have a leaky toilet that keeps flushing itself at bedtime.  Grrrr...Let me start this review by stating that I am a platinum guest... every time I travel, I go out of my way to stay at a Marriott property.
I got a great deal directly on Marriott.com for the weekend... 
location is perfect... you are in close proximity to plenty...
Hotel is HUGE! Starbucks... restaurants... car rental desk...
Now to the negative,
I clearly posted my do not disturb sign on my door... on Monday, 1/16, the phone in my room is ringing at 10:30 am... the question that was asked "what time do I plan on checking out".... REALLY???
First of all, regular check out is noon... so why are you calling me... its 10:30 am.... 
So at 11:30 am, I decided to call downstairs and let the front desk know that I wanted to request a later check out.... as stated  previously... one benefit of being a platinum guest is later check out times if available. You can actually stay up until 4pm... again new benefit with the merger of Starwood properties. 
I requested a 2 pm check out....and was told this was perfectly fine.
As 2 pm started approaching, I decided that I needed a few more minutes so I picked up the phone and let them know I was running behind and it would be closer to 3.... again, I was told this was okay.
At 2:15 pm... the do not disturb sign was STILL on my door and there was a LOUD knock on my door... once again... it was housekeeping asking me what time I was checking out. 
Clearly... I don't feel like I was treated as a platinum guest... the do not disturb sign is meant for a CLEAR reason...  and don't call me early morning asking what time I plan on checking out....or knock on my door!!
Housekeeping needs to communicate and have a meeting to discuss...
Signed... one not happy Marriott rewards customer!Das Hotel ist ein riesen Komplex und meiner Meinung nach sehr unübersichtlich, das ist auch einer der Hauptgründe für den Sterneabzug.
Es kommt so eine Masse an Gästen dort an, dass man leider recht lange Wartezeiten an der Rezeption hat. Der Personal ist sehr bemüht, schafft aber einfach diese Menge von Leuten nicht so zügig. Mich persönlich nervt so etwas immer sehr. 
In der Lobby herrscht ein ziemlicher Geräuschpegel und eine große Unruhe. Um in die Zimmer zu kommen, mussten wir uns auf eine kleine Odyssee begeben. Sehr umständlich, schlecht ausgeschildert und verworren. Hasse es, wen ich mich in Labyrinth begeben muss, um mein Zimmer zu finden.
Am Zimmer selber gab es nichts auszusetzen. Es war für amerikanische Verhältnisse wirklich sehr groß, auch das Badezimmer. Wobei hier leider wieder nur die amerikanische Standardausstattung war. Eine Wann mit Duschvorhang. Eine Sache, die ich absolut hasse! Ich finde Duschvorhänge absolut unhygienisch, leider sind sie in amerikanischen Hotels Standard.
Zimmer und Bad war sehr sauber und geschmackvoll eingerichtet. Das Bett war sehr gut. Straßenlärm war leider sehr gut wahrnehmbar im Zimmer. 
Für mich ein absolutes No Go, war die Beschilderung im Notfall. Berufsbedingt sind wir darauf gedrillt, uns bei Ankunft immer die Fluchtwege einzuprägen. Dies war leider hier absolut unmöglich. Ich habe den Fluchtweg im Notfall nicht finden können. Was ich persönlich extrem gefährlich finde. Ich suche ihn ja, wenn kein Notfall ist, wenn ich da schon Probleme habe, wie sieht es dann in einem Notfall aus?! So etwas darf in einem Hotel nicht passieren. Sehr schlecht beschildert und ein Sicherheitsrisiko, gerade in einem so verschachtelten und unübersichtlichen Hotel. Habe mich dort nicht sicher gefühlt. 
Die Lage ist sehr zentral. Man kann alle Shoppingmöglichkeiten fußläufig erreichen und die Sehenswürdigkeiten auch zu Fuß erkunden. Die Stadt selber hat mir sehr gut gefallen. Sauber, freundlich und schön angelegt.Spent one night here and wow what a great place! it's huge! the entrance/lobby is gorgeous, they have a starbucks and nice mingle area with seats in the centere of the lobby.  check in was fast and easy and the room cards are so cool - no swiping, you just place it in front of the sensor!  
We had a room w/2 double beds.  The beds were really soft and the pillows were good too.  room temp was perfect and they havea  refrigerator, which i am always excited about!!  The TV is really nice too.  We didnt have a good view but it didnt matter as we were only spending the night.  it's in a great location - right by the reading terminal which i cannot wait to go back to  and also a great area for nightlife, althoguh walking home from our night out took too long in the cold.
The fitness center is AWESOME! not only do they have tons of weight machines, and tons of space to do floor work, but they have 6 treadmills, 4 ellipticals and 3 bikes - state of the art for a hotel.  i always appreciate great fitness centers and this is one of the best ones that i have ever been to at a hotel.  its a little hot but overall no complaints about this hotel!Nice hotel. Clean. Spacious. I loved my king bed and I spent mostly all my time wrapped up in the covers and all the pillows. Elevators require a room key card to access guest floors which I think made me feel a bit safer about the whole place. My one complaint would definitely be the water pressure. The sink had a slow flow, which was fine since all I needed it to do was wet a toothbrush. The showerhead was nice; however, with my long hair it took a while to rinse out my shampoo and conditioner given the low water flow. Oh, an the complimentary tolietries smell heavenly.
P.S. Marriott Rewards members get free wifi which was something I didn't know until I arrived and I was so pumped about it.Great hotel, great location, awesome staff, beautiful all around! The rooms are large and comfortable, and there are many awesome things to do, and places to go that are just a short walk away! Being right across the street from the Redding market is also a plus!On Monday December 30, 2013 I recently stayed at this hotel. The area was very nice despite their is no free WII, no complimentary breakfast for the guest. The hotel staff was spectacular especially Maureen & Latoya great customer service. Our toilet ran the entire night two night that we stayed their. Great location if you like shopping, great food.A really great hotel. It's connected to the Market East Train Station so you don't even have to go outside after you get off the train. Check in was quick and simple only took 2 minutes and they let us check in an hour early! (I think because it was NYE and lots of people were checking in). The guy that checked us in was very nice and friendly.  The room was nice and clean. The bathroom was very nice as well with plenty of towels.  The view wasn't too bad, lots of other tall buildings surround the hotel so you can't really see much. The location of this hotel is great too, everything in walking distance. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning on staying in the city. I'm actually thinking of staying here again in the near future.I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. I booked last minute through Priceline and got a great deal - I really wasn't expecting much considering how little I paid. The front desk clerk was very kind and checked me in very quickly. I was assigned a very nice room fairly high up with a great view. The room was well maintained and fairly spacious. The bathroom was a standard size and a little dated - But very clean. Room service was good and quick. The hotel is quite large and centrally located. I very much enjoyed my stay here and I will be sure to stay again the next time I visit Philly.We were here for a conference.
Pros: Fantastic location, very friendly and efficient check-in, being an elite member got us a free upgrade, the room was large and cleaned nicely every day, staff were friendly, and the room included a fridge, which was handy since we got some fresh food from the market that's next door. 
Cons: The bed - it was rock hard and VERY uncomfortable. You could also hear and feel the springs if you/the other person moved (it's a very thin and cheap-feeling mattress). A good sleep is important, and my husband and I did not sleep well at all. I can't remember the last time I slept on such a horrible mattress. 
The bathroom is very old. The sink/vanity is outside of a separate room containing the toilet and shower. It's a very small room, and my 6'1" husband felt like he was practically sitting on the toilet paper holder. The first night we kept waking up, so naturally we went to the bathroom. It was PITCH black and really difficult to tell where the sink/door/toilet were. I accidentally walked into the door at least once and then had to turn on the light which was unpleasant and woke my husband up. It was so annoying that before the second night we actually went to a nearby Walgreens (side note: this drugstore location is well worth the visit - it even has chandeliers on their 3rd floor... fancy) and bought a nightlight. The nightlight had to be plugged into the vanity area (no plug in the bathroom), so then it made it a bit bright for us to sleep since we couldn't find one with a motion sensor, but at least we didn't have to turn on the bathroom light when we repeatedly woke up from our crappy sleep. Sigh.
On the morning of our last day where our hotel agreed to do a 2 pm check-out, housekeeping was knocking on the door despite the do not disturb sign being displayed, and I had to open the door in my towel to explain. 
If this hotel would upgrade the beds and at least provide some sort of nightlight if they aren't willing to redo the bathrooms, I would rate it a LOT higher.This place could use a bit of updates.  In a few rooms, the carpets were popping up, I even tripped a few times it was that bad.  This place is like a maze and it took a little bit before I could figure out where I was going here.  The great part of this place is it's connected to the convention center and it's centrally located to downtown.  The market is right next door too!  The bad part is, it was probably state of the art nice maybe about 20 - 30 years ago.  Marriott, please show this grand location some love!