Interesting place.  We (2 couples) went for dinner at 7:30 on a Saturday without a reservation.  We waited about 10 minutes, but were seated.  
Service was a little slow, but friendly & our server was also dealing with a party of 12+ at another table.  I was taken there by someone who'd been to a party there & loved the food.  They didn't tell me (sorry, there's really no way not to sound racist here; believe me, it's not my intention) we'd be the only white people in the restaurant.  We got a few looks on the way in, but that was it.  We met some nice people & had a lot of fun.  
The food was American / soul food & everything was delicious.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  
At around 10:30/11:00 it turned into more of a night club with a bouncer, DJ, etc., but people were able to finish their meals and nobody got pushed out.  
The owner (I only know who she was, because the people next to us told us) came around toward the end of our meal and asked if we needed anything & how our meals were.  
In summation, we went outside our comfort zone, had fun, met fun people & had good food.This restaurant has horrible service. The waitress never greeted us or told us her name. She just asked for our order and it felt rushed. She never came to check on us and we had to get the greeter to refill our drinks. 
The food was, luckily, better than the service. The macaroni and cheese was amazing. I ordered the surf and turf which included filet mignon topped with crab and jumbo shrimp. What I got was not filet mignon. It was a good steak but it wasn't what the menu presented. If I had known it was a strip I would have asked for it cooked medium well although I'm sure the waitress would not have asked. The shrimp were not jumbo and I'd say there was a tablespoon and a half of the lump crabmeat. 
Overall, the food was good enough for me to make a return, however I never will after that service.
Also, they served me Nestea when I asked for sweet tea. I'm from the south and I understand this is the North, but if you're going to have a Southern restaurant you need to brew some d**n sweet tea.Very nice establishment. Came here for a graduation party. Not a big place, but far from small. Full bar with few televisions tip watch today's Cav's vs Toronto game.
The food that was served is very tasty here. The sweet tea is very good. I can see my self returning for sure. I did not look at the menu to see what is actually on it.
This is very nice to have a event here. I would say 40 or less of you want it to be comfortable work movement to walk around. 
Had potential to do a lot here.I've had brunch here twice within the past two weeks. The food was quite tasty the portions were plentiful and the cost was amazing. I am definitely a fan of their new menu selections.Philly's Platinum Grille is hidden in the Market Square Shopping Centre in Chestnut Hill.  
The menu has traditional burgers and the like, but also soul food and a very tasty Sunday Brunch.  
Friendly doesn't even begin to describe the wait staff there.  They really help to give the Grille a home feeling.A little late but I had to leave a review of both of my fantastic experiences. My boyfriend brought me here twice; once for dinner and once for brunch. Both times I was blown away! The restaurant was a little quiet, but the service was excellent. Food came quick and the portions are a great size. I had the salmon and it was moist, flaky, and very flavorful!  A week or two later we came back for brunch and I was just as blown away. The staff was again attentive and friendly, the food was amazing yet again, and I'm already looking forward to going back again soon!!My 1st time here. Food was pretty good. We had a large crowd of 40 or so people in our group. We tried a little bit of everything. I had a grwat time enjoying the live music as well. Definitely thought the price was good considering how much food I  had. We will be back again. Thank you to the wonderful wait staff and hostess.Last night we had our engagement party at Platinum Grille. Platinum Grille offers some of the most reasonable prices around for small/medium private events. We arrived early to add our personal decorations to the decorations the restaurant provided. We did have to request that they start to bring the food out at 7:30 PM (the party started at 6). We had the chicken, fish, salad, fruit salad and rice. The food was solidly good but, like other reviewers have stated, the issue with the Grille isn't their food. Drink service was slow but the male server was very friendly and working hard to accommodate us; however, the female server was rather unfriendly and when notified that the buffet needed to be replenished would snap "the food is cooking!" Oh, ok...so I stopped requesting anything of her. Darryl accommodated us with a DJ and extra hours since we were the only party that evening. My mom did have to ask that he bring out more food for guests who arrived later in the evening (especially since only about 50 of the 60 guests we paid for actually attended). It was 8 PM and the contract stated that the buffet would be replenished until our original party end time of 9 PM. Overall we had a good time. Still 3/5 for the Platinum Grille in this updated review; if they can master friendly and prompt service, they can get to that 4 or 5 star level. Until then, I'm still rooting for them.I've been here about five times.  The thing that sticks in my mind is the long wait time after ordering.  I've been there for lunch when the place was about 10% full and waited 30-40 minutes for a hamburger. What would they do if the restaurant was 30% full??
Otherwise, this would be a good place to goon your lunch hour. The food I've had is good and the place is clean.  The waitstaff is polite. The atmosphere is quiet. Unfortunately, I don't have that much time to spare during the workday.Had not been to Platinum Grill since it opened and I was surprised that it has not been well maintained. It isn't very old but it looks really run-down.  As I ate, I noticed how dirty it is. The lights over the bar have such a build up of dust.  There is an electrical socket near the bar that is damaged and has a piece of tape over it.  The floors look gross.  If the dining area isn't clean, I can only imagine how the kitchen looks.  Had I noticed the filth before I started eating, I would not have stayed.  Will not be returning!Golden at Platinum: Great First Impression. Bad second and third impression. The following is based on the first impression:
A very warm, inviting atmosphere is to be found at the Platinum Grille in Chestnut Hill's Market Square. The style is casual but upscale; the ambience is conversational and open; the waitress who assisted us was friendly, attentive and sincere. Service was quick. The food was excellent (diced chicken nachos and asian teriyaki chicken), although the collard greens were a little saltier than I prefer (but that's just me). The bar area is removed from the dining area, creating two different spaces for your choice of moods (a bunch of buds hangin' out or something of a more intimate focus). Bathrooms were clean and maintained (woman's and...unisex!) 
And for the second and third impressions? Long wait at the host's station to be seated (one time actually had to call the restaurant's number on a cell phone to ask someone to come and seat us!); long wait for waiter/waitress to take order; waiter/waitress getting order wrong; food was good, though!
Therefore, the five star rating will have to drop to a two-star. (updated 5/31/08)I am unable to post a review about the food because we left after being there for less than 10 minutes. The staff here are beyond awful, this review is about the staff.  Today (5/31) we arrived 5 minutes ahead of the 11AM start time, our reservations were for 11AM, the doors were still locked.  Although you open at 11AM I would think guest could come in a little ahead of time even if you don't start to take orders until 11AM. 
A little before 11 someone that worked there walked up and was let in by another staff member that was on the inside, he let her in.  At that moment I asked him if we could come in also his response was 'yeah' and then let the door close behind the wait staff he let in. I am disappointed that he didn't have the courtesy to hold the door for us rather just let the door close on us as he proceed back to the kitchen area. 
We walked in to the front entrance followed by another party, no one was at the entrance to greet us. We waited for about 2 minutes and then the staff person that arrived around the same time as us walked up to us and asked 'How many' , we said 2 and she showed us to our table.  Never once did she say Good Morning or ask if we had reservations which we had made reservations.  She greeted the other party in the same rude manor.  
Once seated she didn't say anything else to us, such as someone will be along to take your order shortly or is there anything I can get for you.  She treated my party and the other party in the same rude manor.  
At that point we had enough and left, we took our money to another establishment.  I work hard for my money and refuse to spend it at place that does not value their guest.  Based on some of the other reviews this place really needs an overhaul of their staff.The food I do not know if it is  good because the service was poor. They served me soup and they did not bring my husband his soup until we complained. When they brought  his soup and it was the wrong soup. We arrived at 6:50pm and was seated right away but I did not get my soup until 7:45pm. Everyone around us was eating thier dinner and getting to go containers. At 8:20 pm we still did not receive my husband's soup or apppretezers or our meal. We left at 8:30pm and had to pay for our beers and my soup. It was not a problem but my husband felt they were being petty. Never again...oh we traveled an hour to get there.I ordered takeout which was a veggie burger with macaroni and cheese and sweet potato wedges. I literally got 4 wedges. The portion of mac n' cheese was okay but all I could taste was the pepper. The veggie burger was perfectly round which suggests that the burger was pre-packaged and lacked flavor. I knew I should have went to Whole Foods like I originally planned. I would haven't paid 12.98 for my meal at WF and most of the ingredients would have been organic. I'm throwing my food away...I am so dissatisfied.  If I could give 0 stars I would have. I will never go back to Platinum Grille.This was my very first time at this establishment. My family and i booked a 4:00 reservation for 20 to celebrate my grandfather's 84th birthday (yes 84). We did not get seated until 5:00, beverage orders took forever to come back to the table appetizer took forever to come out, when the appetizers came out there was a hair in my salad. My cousin also found a hair in her 4 year old son's food. When she says something to the waitress the waitress tried insinuate she put the hair in the food herself. some people never got their food I never got my food. A few of my other cousins and myself just ended up leaving the restaurant hungry and very defensive with the service...I came here for a birthday party, so I can't really comment on anything about their usual business practices. 
When I walked in the space was definitely nice, there was an ok amount of seating, and they had the party staffed well.. The bartenders seemed a bit blech, but they knew what they were doing but I just wasn't feeling their, what seemed to be, disdain. 
They did have a buffet for the party and it seemed like the food was pretty good since everyone was eating it, most was not vegg friendly so I only partook in the fruit salad which was decent. 
The place was unbearably hot, they definitely need to work on that. Despite that I liked it, it's a really cool place to host an event like this.
my favorite part about this place is the location! why might you ask? AMPLE PARKING ..NICEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEI went on a Wednesday to order take out. I placed my order at 9:50pm and 10:42pm I still had not received my food.  I called over the waitress who took my order and she said that she would check on it. When she came back, she lied and said she did not know what happened but it was coming soon. I asked did she just put the order in and she said yes- she said she was so busy that she forgot!!!! TERRIBLE SERVICE! I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN AND NEVER RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!I dined here for the first time on 8/2 for my grandmother's birthday. I order the Southern Style Fried Chicken with Mac & Cheese, and Collard Greens with Turkey. The food was great, especially the mac and cheese. I enjoyed the atmosphere and the music that they had playing. The food came out fairly quick and tasted delicious. I would definitely visit this restaurant again.atmosphere is great... live music is awesome... food sucks!! I could have cooked it better at home.Despite reading so many negative reviews here, friends and I ventured to the Platinum Grille yesterday. What a wonderful and pleasant afternoon of dining! Our server, Renee, sheer awesomeness! The food was delish (although hubby's fried chicken was a little overcooked - which is why there are only 4 stars). Overall it was a positive experience and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!Today was my first time going to Platinum Grille.  My friend has come to this establishment a few times and gave a solid recommendation so I went in with hopeful expectations.  I was there with my sister and two friends, one of which is the friend that gave this place the solid recommendation. When we got there we were told to seat ourselves which was a little off putting but oh well.  I had the fried seafood combo which consisted of 4 jumbo shrimp, one crab cake and swai.  My sides consisted of mac & cheese and collard greens.  The combo itself was fine.  Not over cooked and seasoned nicely.  The greens were also good and very tasty.  The mac & cheese could've been better.  I can't believe I'm about to say this but it actually had too much cheese. The mac & cheese was solid like a brick and felt like it was laying on my soul.  My sister got the extra jumbo shrimp with french fries and collard greens.  She enjoyed her entree and and including the sides.  One of  my friend's had the shrimp alfredo but felt the dish on whole wasn't very good and has had better pasta.  My friend that recommended the restaurant had the southern styled fried chicken with collard greens and mashed potatoes.  She enjoyed her dish in its entirety.  My sister and I ordered dessert and we both order the same dish which was the individual apple pie.  This was not a good choice of desserts for either of us.  We both agreed that the apple pie was under cooked and very bland.  They decorated the plate with caramel sauce and whipped cream however because of the blandness of the pie it would've been better on the pie itself and not wasted on the plate.  I ordered an entree to go for my boyfriend.  I got him the blackened catfish with the same mac & cheese and collard greens side dishes.  He enjoyed his sides but said that his catfish severely lacked flavor.   All in all my dining experience was okay.  Some of my food was alright so I wouldn't say it completely tanked.  I would be open to giving it another try.I was in the mood for some cheap grease (sue me!) and ordered for take out a modestly priced appetizer sized shrimp basket. I received 4 jumboUNDERCOOKED shrimp. The staff is less than friendlky and the shrimp experience is only one of my run ins with PPG but def my last. I you want this kind of food take yourself and money to Chef Ken's on Germantown Ave but this place is a fail. Womp.Went on Thursday night for dinner.  They had a live band which was nice.  I ordered blackened catfish with macaroni and cheese and green beans.  My friend had the fish taco.  Service took forever.  My food was overly salty.  The fish had a good flavor, but my gosh the salt.  The macaroni was more like buttered noodles with salt!  Definitely not what you expected from a "soul food" spot.  My friends fish taco his opinion was "meh".  They have a nice ambiance and decent bread with a spinach like dip whiched I liked.  Maybe a good spot for drinks and good music.Thank You to Darrell and the crew at Platinum Grill for making my mothers 65th Birthday Party Wonderful.....Really went out his way to make thinks wonderful!!! BEST PLACE TO HAVE YOUR EVENT!!! Great Service and food was delicious!!!This place is super weird. And food-gross and was cold and it was karaoke night and it was loud AF.BRING YOUR FLY SWATTER AND RAID...tried to dine in here and was harassed by flying bugs the entire time. It was atleast a hundred or so bugs just hanging out on the back drop curtain...HORRIBLE!! It got so bad that I swapped seats twice before eventually just having the food wrapped up to go before it even came out...I was going to cancel my order but knew they probably started preparing so I didn't...but if bugs are flying in the dining area like this I could only imagine the kitchen...made me lose my appetite...the manager had nothing to say in regards...the waiter was very inexperienced...she came over and stated "Y'all want some drinks"...very unprofessional. No apron. No greet. A hot mess!!! This restaurant should not be open with these bugs like that.Just finished eating there and there was a group of 4 of us. We were seated right away. The atmosphere was fun and in my opinion, the music was great (oldies, from speakers). We had the veggie quesadilla and cheese fries for our appetizer. Veggie Quesadilla was HUGE and super flavorful. We had salmon, scallops, pork chops, and seafood linguine for dinner. All delicious! We had the rum pound cake and carrot cake for dessert. Carrot cake was the best and very moist. Fresh cream cheese icing too  all in all very satisfying, flavorful, and fun!! Definitely recommended!!I'm adding another star for today's chef salad, one of the best I've ever had, and the service was fine , fast and friendly.  ive been to the Platinum Grill a couple of times, always for lunch, and it has always been a really good experience.  The front of house staff is very friendly, the food is made in house and is delicious.  Great breakfast (home made corned beef hash--yum!), really good seafood chowder.  The cook has come out every time to check that everything is ok.  When the owner found out I'd never had the seafood chowder she sent out a sample which convinced me I'd been missing something special.Really great please, really nice people working there our server was a very polite and very welcoming young man. The bartenders are really friendly. Even the doorman security is a pretty cool guy.  While here I ordered the mussels and french fries. Everything was very delicious and I had a really great and awesome time here. PS, always go on a Friday everyone is so nice here.Service is excellent, my waitress Twanda was wonderful and my food was everything !! I would recommend this place to everybody, just make sure Twanda is your waitress...Today my husband took me out to celebrate my 50+ birthday, driving through Chestnut Hill he asked U ever heard of The Platinum Grille? I said yes n I always wanted to go there.U guys...what an awesome time I had! Everyone was so nice, the food was delicious, they served us fast,  the chairs were comfortable, the waitresses had a nice flair about them, great music, n u get a lot for ur money.The atmosphere was dainty n cosher.It kind of reminded me of a laid back cabaret.I once heard first impressions r lasting.I will surly b back Platinum Grille.Hats off to ya n keep up the good work! RissaWhere pimps go to party. If you want to pick up a hood rat, here you go. Next they'll probably be frisking people at the door. They're trying hard to show class but clearly don't understand quality in food, service, design, or atmosphere.I hate to do this, but you know when you try a place and you're one and done. Welp‍, this is that kind of place. Walk in stood about 3 minutes before walking over to the bar. There was no bartender. Finally, seen the waitress who said you can sit any where, she brought us the menu and disappeared for like 15 minutes and come back, took our drink order, and disappeared again. Come back with hot water and a flat coca-cola no ice. Finally the bar tender showed up and we ask for ice. The food was very expensive to only be microwave wave. The side dishes are very small portions . They only serve cheap fish Swai and Talipia. The service really sucked for some wings and a side of mac & cheese and 4 not jumbo size shrimp and a side of Mac & cheese with 2 drinks, our bill was like $38. They one had one waitress working, and she was working, but it was slow. We waited like an hour before we got out food.Last night we returned to platinum grille for my aunt's surprise party ( I had a lunch party for my birthday here a few years ago). When we arrived, a few minutes before the birthday girl, the staff was still setting up. Darryl gave us a lackluster greeting and took the cake from me and put it on a back table. We had a Buffet style meal of fish, meatballs, wings, salad and rice. The food was good but could have been replenished more often. There was only one server for our entire party and she took a long time bringing drink orders (when she remembered). Overall 3/5 for platinum grille. With some tweaks this place could go from good to solidly great.I visited the Platinum Grille on Mother's Day. The reason why I visited this restaurant was because a local radio station WDAS had given it such a nice big shout out. From what the radio station said, I thought I would give it a try. Well, when I first arrived and didn't see a waiting line on Mother's Day that should have told me something. Let me say that I found the place to be decorated very very nicely. I thought the colors and decor was very nice. The ladies room was very nice and clean. The staff was very friendly, but our waitress seemed a little bit out of the know. She couldn't answer our questions about prices and had to keep going back and forth to find out answers. It took the staff forever to supply some spoons for desserts. In fact, they gave us a soup spoon for dessert! The dessert table did not have any presentation at all. Given the space at the Platinum Grille I thought it was a little over crowed for a buffet style menu. I didn't like the variety of the food. Not much to choose from. It was enough to get full, but I left unsatisfied with the menu. I know usually a place can have an off night, but I can say for sure I won't be back to try it again.Just came from a fabulous event hosted at Philly's Platinum Grille in Philadelphia, Pa.  I can't say enough about the delicious food and the courteous staff.  I also had the pleasure of speaking with the lovely owner Rhonda who was the ultimate host.  All of the food was exceptional.  I dined on collard greens, macaroni and cheese, crab cakes, sway fish (unbelievable), lump crab meat and buffalo wings. Every thing I ate was extraordinary and I will not only go back but I will also tell anyone in Philadelphia, Pa.  whether you are living there or visiting to stop by this wonderful establishment and be prepared for a treat.The music was outstanding but the service really sucked !!! The waiter was slow and very unconcerned .This restaurant could be so much more than it is if they would just step up their game a little.  I was there recently and we did have a very nice attentive waitress.  The food was mediocre at best.  When you go to an establishment expecting a soul food meal, bland food is not what you should receive.  Very little flavor, nothing special about anything we ate.  The restaurant itself is in need of an update.  The seat cushions were so thin and old, they were barely a cushion at all and they were very dirty.  The chairs are worn out from years of use and the plastic table coverings were dirty and in desperate need of replacement.  To their credit, the bathrooms were and the smelled fresh and clean, they could use brighter lighting in the restrooms, but that's just a personal preference.  This restaurant has been in this location for many years and it is unfortunate that they aren't doing a better job.So, as commented before, if I could give less than a one star, I would!  I have attempted to do business with this establishment(even if I can call it that), on two other occasions, and on all three occasions, I received the same type of service.  Now, of course if the food was not half decent, I would not have gone back after the first visit.  Nonetheless, I endeavor to support and patronize black owned establishments but poor service is what I continue to experience.
For example, I wanted to try out, Platinum Grille's brunch menu- so I visited their establishment this past Sunday.  Upon walking in the front door, there(as usual) was no host, or anyone to greet me.  However, I did hear(but could not see) someone asking me can they help me.  I continued to look around for the person asking me can they help me, but did not see them until they appeared from out of a dark corner, with an attitude I might add!!!  I indicated that I wanted to try the brunch(waffle and turkey sausage and egg), which the mysterious female took my order, and then returned with a receipt that stated something totally different than what I ordered.
I immediately informed the mysterious female that the receipt states "French Toast,"(not what I ordered) as opposed to waffles, sausage and eggs(what I so ordered).  Ms. Mysterious, whom appeared to be totally engaged into something that was a distraction from her job(hosting), failed to look up at me and stated "I know what you ordered."  Oh, I did not stop there; it gets better!!  When the mysterious female brought my order to me, I provided her with a $20 dollar bill-my order came to $10.63, which my change should have been $9.37- I received just $9 dollars. Now, I am certainly not sweating the .37 cents, but I have always been taught that you provide people with the correct change upon them paying their bill.
Listen, all I can say is that I am done with this particular establishment, but will continue to seek "service with a smile" from other, hopefully(black) establishments.  Customer service is critical these days; it can make or break your business.  I hope, PG wake up and get a clue about how they deal with their customers.  Again, Horrible service!!!!I've been here several times and every time I'm underwhelmed. Service is always slow. Been here for over an hour for a event and still waiting on my food order placed over an hour ago. This could be a great neighborhood place but seems is lacking.The worst dinning experience every. I would prefer never to eat here again. Upon arrival we stood by the door for 10 min before being greeted. We came for a dinner party & when we asked for our party,the hostess pointed to the back rather than escort us to the area. It took 1 hour for the server to come to our table to give us water,silverware & menus...When one of our guests asked for water she whispered " Sorry we are out of glasses"...It took from 8pm to 10:15pm for us to get our food and the blackened catfish I had was extremely salty. I give this place 1 star for location,ambiance & parking availability.On a beautiful Saturday, May 21, 2011 around 1:30 p.m. My family and I decided to go to Platinum Grille after my oldest sister's graduation from seminary school. Thirteen of us piled up in our respective cars and headed there after calling ahead. The first thing we notice when we arrived was that there were only about five tables occupied. We took this as a good sign that they would welcome the business but unfortunately that was not the case. We were seated and then we sat, and sat, and sat. Our waitress finally came over to take our drink orders and then we sat, and sat. We asked to speak to the manager (who was not at work yet even though it was well after 2:00 p.m. by this time). the waitress, noticing our frustration tried taking our meal orders and then we, sat, and sat and sat some more. After being there for at least an hour and fifteen minutes we noticed a man coming in the door with Pathmark bags of various sodas and teas, just the drinks that we ordered, hmmmmm. within ten minutes our drinks finally arrived but at that point we were fed up. We had six children with us that were, tired restless and above all hungry so we asked the waitress to get whoever was in charge since the manager didn't feel it was necessary to be at work and she got the head chef, we informed him that we were very dissatisfied with the service and we were leaving. I left my telephone number for the manager to explain the situation upon her arrival but I am thinking she never showed up because I never got a phone call. We left the waitress a tip to let her know it was not her fault, but we will never ever be back there and I don't recommend it to anyone, the worse service of my life.I went here with my parents for their birthday, the food took 2 hours and 30 mins to come out and it was so do quality. Only thing worth getting is seafood soup. This was a horrible experience. I would not recommend it to anyone unless you have 3-4 hours to eat. DONT EVEN WASTE YOUR TIMEI visited this restaurant for the first time and my experience was OUTSTANDING from beginning to end.
I was attending my friend's birthday party and I didn't know what to expect. Well my expectations were exceeded. I was greeted with a smile and shown to my table. My server, Antonio, was incredible. He was calm, courteous, and make everything so seamless and wonderful. The food was also amazing. I can't forget the DJ who made the party even more fantastic. Great job Platinum Grill!! I will be back!!The service is terribly slow. I am here for a Valentine's Day dinner and we have been her for close to an hour and have not received our first course yet. We are sitting in the bar area so our drinks came within reasonable time but this is ridiculous to wait this long for some fried shrimp and fried fish. 
The bartender informed us that they are serving the dinner room area first which I think is ridiculous. It makes more sense to serve in the order that the come in. Send out the starter course and move on to the next course.Food was terrible, service was terrible! Went with a party of six. Macaroni is very old and taste microwaved. Buffalo wings were soggy and luke warm.  My husband greenbeans were ice cold. It was only 2 other tables occupied yet it took two hours to receive main course. Husband ordered medium well steak it came out well and had no flavor. Only good thing here were the drinks.  Will never returnStopped in on a Tuesday night and they have live music. What a nice surprise.  The band was great. they played all sorts of dance music and top R&B songs.  The tables are little cramped so it's a little hard to get around if you have to go to the bathroom because the bathrooms all the way in the back but they had a really nice crowd. Every second Tuesday and every fourth Tuesday of the month they have live music and everyone says that the bands are great. So I will definitely return at another time. I ordered food/- ordered six shrimp fried shrimp they were good. Not overcooked and they were still pretty tender.! Also order a buffalo wings and the platinum fries for  take out for home but there is seating and sit down restaurant style. The bar area is a bit tight but I like that they have an older crowd and everyone seems very friendly.My husband and I were invited to a birthday party here and bottom line: this place is pretty old school but it's interesting in that it seems both purposeful and natural at the same time. I kinda dig it...the old school tumblers, the space perfect for line dancing, the lighting. Somewhere the wiser ones in the community might meet at times ;) 
The food was just ok (I thought catfish and regular wings were pretty bland, buffalo wings were much better) nothing to write home about and the service was fickle in that some of the servers were extraordinarily friendly and provided great service and some (especially at the bar) seemed disengaged and out of it. 
Ample parking because this place is in a little shopping center of sorts. 
I've heard they host line dancing during the week so maybe I return for that but otherwise...probably not.This is the second time I visited this establishment and the first time was a great time excellent service and good came out on efficient time. However tonight I was serve by a gentleman name Jabril not only did he not put my order on time he also failed to tell me my chicken was frozen so it would take longer. Head he told me I would of order something else. After 1hr and 40 mins he comes out with my entree and appetizer and the appetizer was cold so I told him I no longer wanted the meal it took way to long and the shrimp was cold he proceeded to snatch the plate out my hand. The worst customer service ever. Not only did he snatch he argue with me and made me feel extremely uncomfortable. Its sad because it's a nice place but after like this I would never return and will let everyone know if they go there and get Jabril as a server walk away it's not worth it. He is not professional and not a friendly person at all and he is not to be trusted!I have been at this location twice for work parties. 
It is an interesting but small location. The bar handled the many orders well. But, in the second time we were there they ended up running out of several things.
The food served was fine and pre-ordered for the large group. 
Not much to the place to describe other than a small bar and food.This restaurant has so much potential, but it falls short every time I visit.  I went when it first opened and was disappointed with the lack of seasoning in the food.  I waited a few years and returned when I heard they had musical acts.  The music good - the food still bad.  The service isn't much better.  I speak to others about their experiences with this place and they have mirrored mine.  
It's a good location, good customers from the area, but it doesn't have all the elements to recommend to others.  I guess I have too high an expectation?Dont go there. There... they tell customers not to return there.They don't seem to know who is filthy rich and dont know who is innocent. And they seem to have a low self esteem. They are a pathetic excuse.
Another very sad joint.My family has always had events here so I started to venture to PPG on my own during the week and some weekends. Recently I've been here on two Mondays in a row with friends. The drink specials are great, bartender is friendly. It's definitely a hit or miss with the food items. The first time I got the chicken sampler platter and it was good. The teriyaki wings were soaked in teriyaki sauce which wasn't good so I only had one and didn't finish the rest. This week went in on Monday again and ordered the blackened catfish platter. The side options came in this little cup. Mac and cheese was hard, broccoli was very mushy and the catfish was not very good. Saving grace is the Caesar Salad. I think I may just stick to this instead of other items on the menu.
If you like good music and line dancing Monday nights are perfect here. It's a laid back crowd and they always have fun.Been going here for years. Have had multiple events at this establishment. Food is always good. Have yet to eat anything from here that did not taste good. Staffing changes have created some issues with service. Above all the owner is a gracious and very personable Lady and she cares about the service which is why this place is consistent with good food and atmosphere.Platinum Grille is one one my favorite local restaurant to visit. I love patronizing local businesses. I love the food. I have favorites such as grilled chicken Caesar Salad, Fish tacos and chicken and waffle.Food service is usually good except when they are a little busy. I understand that. I love last Friday's Dance Party. I even enjoyed this past 1st Friday dance which was a good idea. A little younger crowd than last Friday which is fine. I have even celebrated my birthday there on numerous time. Always go well. Darrell does a great job at pulling it together plus he is very nice and has great hospitality skills even when under pressure. Love him. However, your bar service I do not like. Some of your Bar staff is not friendly at all!  ALWAYS moody with a chip. This is not only a complaint from me but from other people that I have recommended there or even bought there when I had celebrations there. Some people don't even come back for that reason. The bar staff don't even acknowledge you when you walk up to the bar. I don't mind waiting. No problem. But at least give you a acknowledgement that I'll be right with you.On last Friday we stood at the bar for at least 20 minutes and no one ever looked our way or looked right through us. Eventually we gave up and sat down. Finally got a busy waiter attention to get us a drink. Waiters are always friendly and helpful. Other than that all is well with your establishment.Waited over an hour for our food.. subpar service..water taste like tap not even filtered..food took nearly one hour and 30 minutes and they didn't even offer a cracker or toast while we waited. I had shrimp and grits..shrimp was undercooked..grits was smothered in butter..can you say cardiac arrest..only thing good was the potatoes and my so called sangria was so watered down ..huge disappointment..I'm sorry but if you see this place keep going its not worth it!This place has the worse service ever. My family came after a funeral it was 20 of us. They never served us we sat for 42 minutes without even placing a drink order. The lady who is the managers attitude is absolutely horrible.I wouldn't recommend. The service was slow orders were wrong and the Mac and cheese was dry. 3hours later the couples food finally came.I visited Philly's Platinum Grille for the first time yesterday. They had live entertainment that was excellent. The crowd was mature and well dressed and the atmosphere was nice. I didn't pay so I can't say how the prices were but the food, I had a crab cake and seafood chowder, was saltier than the Atlantic. The taste was ok but the amount of salt in it could cure a pig. Tell the chef to lay off the salt. If you season your food well you don't need so much salt.  Also, the restaurant was very busy so the dinner service was slow.I have always been a fan of Philly Platinum Grill.  I went to this establishment on Friday October 5, 2021 after the funeral service of my father in law.  We had a party of 20 people.  We arrived at the restaurant at 3:30 because the website said that you opened up at 3:30.  Once there we found out that your hours begin at 4:00pm.  We stayed in our cars until 4:00.  Once we entered the building we were given water and no one came back to say I will be right with you or anything. ( We sat there for 42 minutes }People were seated at the bar after us and were served immediately .  Customers were also seated at tables after us and were served.  Absolutely no one cared about trying to assist us at all.  I understand that restaurants have a shortage of staff, however you chose to serve who you wanted. ( We wont even talk about Ms. Cutesy Tootsie Bartender  with the worst attitude that I've ever seen}.  When our family got up to leave we were never given an apology anything.  They just looked at us and continued what they were doing.  I'm so sorry that our family inconvenienced your restaurant.  Our goal was to give an African American Establishment our business.  Hopefully you will treat the next group much better then you did our family.
Praying for a better tomorrow.I did lunch befor and it was good , but went saturday night and service was a 5 out of 500. first they told us that there was a private party being set up so me and 3 others decided to take out ... BIG MISTAKE.... If you want people to wait that long tell them it will be that long and don't act like you don't see them standing there .... YOU WON'T HOLD ME HOSTAGE AGAIN .... tried to sit 4 of us at a pub table , wow - were we to hold our plates in our hand ........This past Sunday February 28th 10 of us from my church New Covenant Church of Philadelphia had reservations for lunch at 1 p.m. when we arrived they told us they had lost the sheet that had our reservation on it and they had no room to seat us due to a baby shower they booked. This is unacceptable and we had to be inconvenienced and try to find somewhere else I have lunch