It's not terrible, its not amazing... all I can say if you're ever desperate for food, this is the place to go.
the foods not bad, doesnt compare to jersey diner food but it'll do since philly doesnt have diners.
the staff is ok, they can be rude or really nice depends on what kind of day theyre having, like everyone. 
the best part of this place, overhearing the ridiculous conversations penn students have. its definitely the place to catch up on gossip!You want a local Philly Diner? You got it-
Thats how I brought an potential UPenn grad student here, as he was asking to go to a place where the locals eat. After passing over the recently opened Chipotle (looong lines), we stumbled over here.  
It looked like a local place and not frequented by many students.
I will agree that the service is ok. It took the waiter a few minutes to come for our order. However, I really liked the corned beef reuben sandwhich, and found it to be pretty tasty.  I just wish it was a little bit bigger.....but it only cost less the $20 to feed the both of us, so that was a big plus.Please don't ever eat here unless you're wasted drunk at 2am.
Service was the worst, waited 45 mins for a meal and we were one of 4 tables in the place. The waitress told us about her peeling skin. Gross!
The food was terrible. My turkey reuben had a very off flavor, my boyfriend's cheesesteak was thrown together, and another member of our party had a cheese blintz. Ew! It was so gross. The french fries were good though.
The only prey this place gets are people that don't know any better. I told a  friend of ours that is native to philly that we dined here, and he looked at us in disgust and said EVERYONE from here knows to never eat there. He was right, and I'm a believer.As almost everyone has noted, this place is terrible. I live nearby and wish I could stop by for breakfast on the weekend, but I'd rather skip breakfast than come here. I guess it's some kind of UPenn institution, but I wish UPenn would take it over and put in a Honey's.go-to place when all the pubs around have a 30 min. wait to get seated.  average diner food (breakfast anytime kind of a place), friendly waitstaff, good place to go if you're hungry late at night, cuz it's always open!Do not go to the Philly diner. It was so bad we walked out. Terrible service. It took 20 minutes before our order was taken, about 25 to get a cup of coffee. About 25 minutes after we order, the waiter comes by and asks u if we're waiting for our food (yes.). Then he comes back with the ticket for our order and asks if that is our order (note: it's the same waiter all three times. they were not busy). 
Then, the food comes. Everything was cold and it looked like they had let mice nibble on my unbuttered toast. 
Worst excuse for a diner, ever. They're obviously taking advantage of the UPenn kids.If you're hungry, keep walking! Should have read the Yelp reviews, but my phone was dead. Sigh. 
Here is what I experienced around 2:30 A.M on a Saturday:
+ The fact that it was not crowded lead me to think that not even drunk people would even eat their food
+ At the table were metal utensils wrapped around a flimsy napkin and my plastic cup of water. I drank my water, turned my head to look at the tasteless decor, and swooosh! A server takes my plastic cup (still full of water) and my utensils away. G'bye plastic cup that quenched my thirst! Minutes later, I was replaced with a PAPER cup and PLASTIC utensils. What the...!?
+ The food arrived in one of those styrofoam containers. STYROFOAM. Yup, they keep it "classy." Let's face it, that's not even good for the environment.
I don't even want to talk about the food. It was gross.
Yeah, keep on walking. Door should have a DO NOT ENTER sign.Was in Philly and saw this Philly Diner, so like any tourist I thought I would try the Phili Steak sandwich.  It was good....but not that good.  Do you know what I mean?   Anyway, I tried it, don't think I would eat there again but you never know....For what it is, it's JUST okay.  I came here with some friends close to midnight on a Saturday, when the place was PACKED to the hilt with college students and West Philly locals.  I settled on the strawberry-filled crepes, but they were so big I could barely finish them!  That is definitely a plus though (see Sohee C.'s comment about reasonably priced HUGE portions!)  At least I was able to get them boxed up so I could eat them the following morning for breakfast.  Unfortunately, the waitstaff runs around like chickens with their heads cut off to make sure everyone is accommodated, but you can definitely tell they're overwhelmed and have had enough (ditto Schuyler L.).   I'm eager to try it again at a different time of day if I'm in the area.Philly Diner is notorious for being open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. A popular hangout for drunken college kids at 2 in the morning, Philly Diner is known for its yummy breakfast foods. I especially am a fan of the seasonal pumpkin pancakes. All other foods are hit or miss. 
And, for the love of God, do not eat the dessert. No matter how good it looks (and it does look good) it is absolutely DISGUSTING. The cakes are so dry they suck the spit out of your mouth. The frosting and mousse are flavorless and almost sickening. I have not tried the pie; I kind of want to because who heard of a diner that has nasty apple pie? But then again since the rest of the desserts are crappy... it's a tough call. 
Yes, it IS true that someone was shot in the old location. Yes, it is true that the Chinese buffet that occupied the location previously was EXTREMELY shady. IHOP is a lot better but, hey, if you go to UPenn, Philly Diner is great for when you are drunk at 3 am and hunger hits.1. my friend meatball sub had a hair in it...she sent it back and ate nothing
2. the mashed potatoes had radioactive (literally i think) gravy on them...a diner should be able to make good mashed potatoes
the rest of our food was relatively disgusting. never, ever will we return.There are only a few reasons that someone would go to a diner:  They're poor, they want a good home cooked-ish meal and can't go home, or it's 3AM and they're drunk.
The question is, would Philly Diner help fulfill this criteria?  So, is Philly Diner cheap?  No.  You can get Philly Diner's grilled cheese for the same price as a veggie panini somewhere that doesn't involve tipping.  Is the food good in that home cooked way?  No.  It's not very good.  Not in any way.  Is Philly Diner open at 3AM?  Yes, they are open 24 hours.  So I believe that we can deduce that the only reason someone in their right mind would go to Philly Diner is if they are actually not in their right mind.Went for breakfast and ordered a veggie omlette with spinach. For some reason they thought they could fool me into thinking romaine lettuce was spinach. YUCK! Terrible service, terrible food.Terrible. Absolutely, positively the worst food I have ever had. And trust me, I've eaten at a fair amount of diners/latenight joints, fast food places, regular restaurants and the like. keep reading
Our waitress was friendly, soft spoken, but a tad slow. I had a chocolate milkshake that was not very thick at all and not very chocolaty. 
I ordered the turkey ruben, there was nothing but turkey and cheese in my rye bread ruben. Only a little bit of hollandaise was visible. That is beside the point, THE TURKEY IN THIS SANDWICH WAS THE WORST EXCUSE FOR A PIECE OF MEAT I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED NO QUESTIONS ASKED. 
The french fries were awful.
My friends got pancakes, they were undercooked. The bacon was definitely cooked at least a day prior (cold). The orange juice tasted like watered-down Minute Maid. 
Suffice to say I will never return. Oh, and my friend got a cheese steak - which he said was terrible. 
I would have to say that the best thing about my meal was the whipped cream on my milk shake.Everyday I pass by, I wonder how on Earth they are still open! Food is horrible, service is...well there is none, and tables are sticky.This is not a diner. This is a family restaurant that you just don't want to bring your family.
I have never, nor will I ever  go to the new location. I don't frequent ex-Chinese buffets, even if they're in their afterlife. I used to go to the old Philly Diner because the coffee was decent and the wall of windows was good. It was bright, the music was terrible, and they made an okay burger.
Over the years I learned that the food is pretty bad. All the meat comes pre-stamped, as in freezer-block city. The french fries are terrible (the onion rings are okay). The food here was just pretty comparable to Denny's. I did always like the service, which never lasted long. Still... as this are continues to get more franchised, even my independent-business-loving self sees little purpose in accepting mediocrity.This is the type of place you'd passive aggressively take someone you hate. The food is awful, like probably violating some health codes awful. Even a heavy amount of drunkenness does not make up for this culinary atrocity.
The service is no better.
[but the milkshakes are kind of okay]Not cheap and you don't even get what you pay for.  Service is sub-par.  The only reason to come is if you're with a group of people who can't decide where to eat and don't want to eat from a food truck because you want to sit down and have a conversation.   At least that's the reason why the six of us came here.Open 24hrs. Thats y u go. Your tastebuds wont know wat hit them, n thankfully wont remember the next morning. It is rightfully deserted from 5am-midnight but gets enough in those 5hrs to make sure it never dies.What do you get when you cross a cheese steak and philly diner? No mayonaise, and chewy meat. How am I going to order a cheese steak IN philly at a place called PHILLY diner and get a lousy cheesesteak? I'm devastated. 
I ordered mayonaise on mine, for the record. And I thought tomato and lettuce came complimentary but not here. We got charged extra for asking for it! Lame. And while our waitress was precious and sweet, she must not have understood the severity of my no mayonaise or sour cream order because I had to ask 6, I counted, times to get them. Who forgets that many times when they're waiting 2 tables? Come on now. 
They also have a tiny sign up front that you barely have a chance to read because you're urged to sit and I didn't realize it was minimum 15 dollar credit charge. 10 would be more reasonable since to get to 15 I'd have to order a meal, drink, dessert, and possibly something else. Luckily my friend had cash. 
To be frank, I'm a germaphobe and I didn't even dare enter the bathrooms because the floors were disgusting. I held it to save my sanity. It's like a waffle house roy rogers adventure without the fun and a lazy diner slapped on the front. 
Diner food shouldn't be terrible. :\ Why do these places get away with this?!The food isn't worth the price.  Sometimes I'm willing to pay a bit more for convenience though.  It was late, we were hungry, Philly Diner was across the street and open.  
The waitress was friendly but got our order wrong (she brought out/charged us for fries slathered with cheez-whiz instead of cajun fries... ew).  The reuben had giant slabs of corned beef that looked way more solid and processed than I've ever seen, and my meager bite of it had way too much dressing (which tasted more like ranch than Thousand Island...).  My sausage, eggs, homefries and toast was about the same in quality as college dining hall food (and came out to the same ~$9/meal as a typically unreasonable university meal plan).  
I guess on the plus side, it was nearby and provided sustenance and a big dim space for a restless night.The food was cheap around $20 and change for two people but the portions were mediocore. I ordered the "Big Breakfast" but it seemed small and I ended up finishing it all and leaving semi satisfied. The misses meal looked good though, eye candy.. It gets two stars for attempting to do good. But customer service, waitress action sucked balls.The Philly Diner: Good for drunk, poor college students!!! 
The service here is pretty slow, and the place is pretty dingy and dirty at all times. I've been for a regular breakfast as well as late-night munchies. Overall, if it's not 3am, and there are still other places open, I will opt to NOT go here!!!I had an egg-white omelet - it was fine. The coffee was hot. I mean, it's just a diner, so I wouldn't expect much, but dude check out those huge cakes!The worst place to eat anything.  The omelet was terrible.  Don't think they were real eggs.  It was the most bland and tasteless omelet.
The service is no better.  The servers just yacked and yacked the entire time, telling the few eaters everything we didn't want to hear.  Nothing about this place is any good.  They need to arrest the owners for impersonating a diner.  Yech.Philly Dine-not!!
eggs were running so much, i expected to see a gold medal pop out.
waffle was so tasteless, i had to keep looking down at the fork to make sure something was actually on it!
and i swear, one sniff of that water made me wonder if the facuet was made of cow dung.
and i went another time by request of a friend and of course the diner was closed and i could only buy dessert.I am in awe that this place continues to be in business. Every time I've been dragged here the food is cold and gross - I eat 2 bites and lose my appetite until I get home when I eat some cereal, or something less rancid. The prices don't justify any "dish" they serve. 
Yes it's open 24 hours but why not go to Fresh Grocer instead and buy a pint of Haagen Dazs and eat that? It'll be half the price and yes even half the regrets.Dear Philly Diner,
If I wanted to eat an entire can of cherry pie filling, I would get some for half off at Save-A-Lot and some plastic spoons and go to town. When a person orders "cheese blintzes", it is not acceptable to instead pour 32 oz. cans of cherry pie filling into some flat pancakes and then, when I tell you that I ordered cheese blintzes, to tell me "oh I thought you said 'fruit filled crepes'." If those were "crepes" then I'm not French Canadian.
omg I'm fighting back the urge to gag at the thought of the cheese blintzes which I'd originally ordered which they finally brought out a half an hour later. Again, approximately 32 oz. of cottage cheese & ricotta cheese mixed together wrapped in flat pancakes. Eggs & hasbrowns were cold. Had to wait forever for one (bitter) coffee + (tap) water refill, too. 
I want to like this diner because it's the only one near where I live & University City needs things like diners with great food and service. C'mon, make me like you, Philly diner. You're getting a second chance. I'll even divulge my secret crepe recipe if you give me free coconut pie for a week. 
Sincerely,
MoiThe food here is pretty gross. I ordered a reuben once and the meat was GREY. yeah. what kind of meat is that?  the only thing that allows me to give the place 2 stars is the fact that they have AWESOME onion rings.  The place is worth a visit just for those.What was once located at the old Eat @ Joe's spot by the old Cinemagic Theater ("Ghettomagic" to some of the locals) down the street has moved into the old College Buffet at 39th & Walnut.
The seating and the location has changed, ever so slightly, but the food pretty much is the same greasy-spoon diner food available at all hours that students love to have when late, drunk, or just craving something other than food cart. Usually good on the breakfast foods, I would advise against eating the cottage cheese, fruit salad (it tastes old) and the applesauce.
Other than that, the milkshakes are consistently good, though.I'm a vegetarian. So I wanted to order a french toast platter.  It comes with bacon and sausage. I asked them if they would sub hash browns for the meat but they refused and suggested that I order the eggs and French toast separately which costs like 3.  This place sucksI love diners. Mainly because they serve breakfast all day (I heart U breakfast!) So I was pretty excited bout trying this place out one morning. I got the stuffed French Toast with strawberries eggs and sausage. It was ok.  The price wasn't bad either. Service could have been just a little better (took us bout 10 mins to wave down our waitress for the check). Im sure I'll probably end up back here one very late evening after some drinks and no place else to go..But other then that i'll stick to the many other establishments to choose from.I have never been here when I'm not drunk at 3 AM or hungover at 2 in the afternoon. This is a decent diner, though not the best I've ever been to. It's great for its convenience to the Penn campus, and they have good carrot cake (though anything tastes good at 3 AM). They serve breakfast all day, and have great eggs and waffles combo dishes. The service is only okay. Basically, not a destination place, but if you're around and hungry (and drunk), worth going to.Dave C. says it all.  I'm not going to the new location, but the old one was very eerie indeed.  Needless to say, the food was crap as well.  There's only one circumstance where the diner is worth attending:  your first time being there on a Fri/Sat night at 2am.  There is much hilarious activity to be witnessed at that hour, but even then, you won't want to stay if you're anywhere near sober.  Even if you're starving at some ungodly hour, skip the diner's crappy food & crappy service.  Fresh Geezy is a block away with prepared food.This place is sick - as in physically. Granted, I've only come past midnight (and quite reluctantly, might I add), but every single time I've seen someone puke - either on the table, in the bathroom or right at the front counter. I feel terrible for the people who work here. I've never actually eaten anything here but I would suspect it's not great.It's a diner. a little more expensive then diners i used to go to in high school, and serivce is exactly when you expect to get from a diner. not somewhere i'd go unless i'm drunk or it's to early to go anywhere elseQuick Review: Reasonably priced for the size of the portions, not greasy food for a diner, great service
Notes: They have a seasonal special of pumpkin pancakes that are excellent.  If you are considering going to a chain restaurant diner (i.e. Denny's or Friendly's), this place is much better and the quality of food is higher.  Considering the price that you could pay at other places to get a decent lunch or breakfast, this is a much better alternative even though the prices are not akin to those of a true mom and pop diner.Mediocre diner... I was staying on the UPenn campus for work and didn't know where to go for dinner. I stumbled upon Philly Diner at random after walking around campus, but probably would have been better off going somewhere else. I got the BLT and a chocolate shake: both of them were rather bad... and the water tasted like chlorine. I probably wont' be back.After a recommendation from the woman at the Inn at Penn, I went here, despite the 2-star rating, for breakfast, expecting the worst. Unfortunately, it lived up to my expectations. 
First of all, it looks like a dump, outside and in. Several tables were not yet cleared, and was frankly disgusting. Inside, there a whole lot of tables, though I can't think of how they would ever get even half of them filled at once. 
There was one server, and while he generally did a good job (besides speaking almost inaudibly softly) he did forget who ordered what. Really? There were 3 of us, and only 2 other tables were filled.
The food was either bland or bad. My French Toast was edible, though the strawberries on top were definitely from a can. I even saw the waiter pouring my mother's cranberry juice from a can. I don't know why we left a tip.
Bottom line: If you're ever in Philly, skip this joint.Horrible. Went for breakfast and ended up walking out just after juice and coffee was delivered when mice went running across the floor of the seating area. Won't ever consider going there again.Well, I never had a chance to review such a low standard of culinary experience, until now. Let's start at the beginning with the bad service. As soon as my party was seated, we were rushed into our dirty table; took a few moments to have someone clean up the mess. Right, then we were introduced to our waiter. We ordered the French Toast combo meal, which I assumed it came as in the picture. I wasn't asked what kind of eggs we wanted, or anything else as a matter of fact. They brought us one of the worst looking platter I ever seen. The potatoes were burnt, the eggs was scrambled (the picture was of eggs over easy). We asked the waiter about the eggs, which he rudely  replied that we were suppose to ask him. Really? I thought waiters were suppose to ask the customers questions; I guess this was a "bizzaro" diner. 
Knit-picking you say? The mistake would of been ok if it wasn't for the horrible condition the food suffered from. The French Toast looked undercooked, with the batter still fresh and liquid in between. We thought it looked similar to pancake mix. We specifically said we did not want any topping on the toast, but it looked like the strawberry was picked off and tossed aside because you can see the red residue from the fruit. 
If it wasn't for the company I was with, I would have demanded a full apology and a refund. There is a McDonald's and Hummus around the same block, so avoid this place as much as you can.
Another note: Being drunk is no excuse. I rather eat the newspapers left on the street at 3:AM drunk, than come here sober.DINER FROM HELL. NIGHTMARE. STAY AWAY. Apparently 4 years was enough time for me to forget how unholy this sick, sad place is. Dammit dammit dammit! Happy I had time to heal, but sad that the wounds are gaping open again. I guess in another 4 years, I might be ok. Went here like a dummy without even checking yelp first ::sigh:: disgusting food, stupid service, had the food redone, still disgusting, 100% waste of money. This is what I get for trying not to spend $$ at a national chain, right? Ihop would have been a MUCH better bet.IT'S A TRAP
so the description says, Good for: Late night, Breakfast.
It should actually say, Good for: nothing.
As a Penn student who spent most of his life in Jersey, i was pleasantly surprised to see a diner right across the street from campus. Then i tried it. and just got angry. The food is just plain bad. Dont go. please. just dont go.Opener:
The food is mediocre.
Details:
More importantly, I was not satisfied with the response after I sent their new stuffed french toast back.  (It tasted awful.)  I let the server know that I did not like it and wanted a waffle instead.  She looked at me like I was crazy but brought back a waffle later.  When she brought the check at the end of the meal she had charged me for the awful french toast.  I talked with the manager about it when I went to the cash register and he said he would take care of it...I believe he took TWO dollars off the bill.  At most restaurants, they would have comped the food...I was very disappointed because this was my first (and probably last) time there.
The point:
I am not sure this place cares about customer satisfaction, which might take it far since the food is not that great.Both service and food are unforgivably bad. The weak, watery coffee is weaker and more watery than I thought possible. I don't want to get worked up ranting about this dismal place, so I'll share only one recent story.
Some friends and I went to Philly Diner for milkshakes. After an excruciating wait, the waitress approached. She pulled out a banana from deep within her pocket. The problem, she sighed, was that two of us ordered banana shakes and there was only this one banana. She shook the banana and glared, as though this was a plot we'd hatched to make her job more difficult. 
This was my first, and last, banana scolding.
I will not be going back.This place is gross. Maybe it's because I'm originally from Jersey and I have a pretty high standard for diners or something (because we all know NJ has the best of the best) but this place is not worth your time. 
Our entire order was screwed up, and the food was ice cold, and I swear my omelet tasted a little off.  Seriously Philly Diner if your going to serve awful food...that is low quality...at least hire nice servers. I couldn't get over how rude all the servers are also. 
Worst diner experience in a long time, i don't even know if the place was clean, I just know I felt dirty when I walked outI do lunch here every once in a while -
I do the massively meat based breakfast, which is good diner fare.
Burger platters, Tilapia platters, same thing - good diner fare
haven't done the 3AM post last call thing, 
so I have no bad experiences to report there...
seriously, it's a diner, people...Went yesterday night for the first and last time. The place was almost empty and still had to wait almost 30 min to get my order taken. I almost walked out and left. The food was terrible, we forced down our food because it was expensive. When I asked the waiter for the check he said sure, and then disappeared. Another 15 or 20 min pass by with no check and I have ask the woman at the front to ring me up because I wanted to leave. I just moved to the neighborhood and upset that the only diner near me is the worst one i've ever been to.maybe it's that i came here with a boy i'm extremely fond of, but i enjoyed myself here twice last weekend. once i wasn't very hungry so i had an oreo shake and a bagel. the other i was famished and enjoyed a decent chicken sandwich of some sort. pretty much your basic diner fare. although it's worth mentioning that i noted but did not yet have the pleasure of trying a miracle called 'oreo pancakes'. something tells me i will be back. with or without the boy i'm fond of.. but hopefully with.You're probably only reading this because you went and thought, "How could this place still be open?"  Well, the food is simply terrible.  Our waitress simply served our plates without determining whether any of the food on it was actually edible.  Cold is the operative word.  I don't know how long it takes gravy to congeal to that consistency so that it will pile up an inch high and still not spread out.  But it's too long for me.  And if I had wanted cold mashed potatoes, I would have ordered them.  The French onion soup was like someone put some vinegar in some water, cut some onions up in it, and cooked it for a little while.  My apologies to the French for using their name in the same breath as that soup.  I heard a rumor that the Reuben is edible.  So, based on someone else's advice, if you have to go, and if you have to eat, apparently get a Reuben, the onion rings, and a milkshake.  DO NOT under any circumstances order anything that requires actual cooking and that could have been cooked in advance, such as mashed potatoes.  Make sure it's fried, toasted, or assembled on the spot.
We paid and left all, literally ALL of the food on our table.  There's no way we would have wanted anything else from that kitchen that night and I don't think a fight with the manager is worth $20.  The waitress wasn't phased.  The other waiter there just laughed and shook his head.  We got a burger at the Market/8th Burger King and were happy.  And that's saying something because that BK is nasty, too.Philly Diner is amazing.... if you are WASTED. 
That's about all there is to say. They have a 10 page menu with every item imaginable. The thing thing that is most odd to me about Philly Diner is that the quality of the food actually varies based on the time of day. If you go in for breakfast, you get a decent meal. Any time after midnight and your eggs come out looking like roadkill.Here's some interesting news......
"Much to the shock of the Under the Button blog, Philly Diner has closed its doors at 39th and Walnut. The formerly late-night diner (it ceased being 24-hours a day after a 2009 shooting) has closed after its lease was not renewed."Since moving to Philly, my girlfriend and I have not yet found a halfway decent diner in the area and the Philly Diner has kept up with that trend. Being from North Jersey, where diners are good and plentiful, this place makes you want to stay home and eat 2 day old mac n' cheese. The diner has the ambiance of a high school cafeteria, no traditional diner booths, only tables.  Either completely barren or overloaded with annoying 19 year old UPENN kids... its hard to find that easy-beautiful-diner medium where you can listen and laugh at the conversations going on around you. Here its either nonstop screaming or eery  silence. 
Oh, and the food. 
Dear me, at this point I'd rather eat the cooking of a drunken autistic child. The fries have been cold on me twice, the burgers are blah,  and my friend got puking sick off the eggs. The pumpkin pancakes were alright, but ...no, wait a minute...no, i was thinking of Dunkin Donuts pumpkin muffins, sorry. The pancakes were garbage as well. 
This place would probably be okay if you go to UPENN, are drunk all the time, and its walking distance from you.  Otherwise, don't bother. 
The saddest part is, its basically the only open-all-nite food joint West Philly has to offer, which is the only reason why it got the ole' 2 star pity rating.I had lunch today at the Philly Diner. I'm giving it three stars. There's nothing wrong with it, but there's not much right with it either. It's pretty much what you'd expect from a diner. The food was okay; I had a turkey club sandwich[insert Mitch Hedberg joke here]. The sandwich was okay, nothing special, but the fries and onion rings were actually pretty good. It wasn't too busy while I was there, around 1PM, and our waiter was courteous and attentive. The prices were pretty low. Also, it's worth mentioning that they never close. 
It's like I said, there's nothing special about this place. If diner food is what you crave, and you don't have much money, the Philly Diner will satisfy you.When you have as much of a review back catalog as I do you normally find yourself forgetting about the lackluster bad stuff. Yet Philly Diner is just one of those places that is so damn horrible that it manages to linger among your dreams for months upon end. So in order to finally appease Freddy (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ee13oq72JB0) and get a good night sleep, I may as well bite that bullet.
When you attend a perfectly sound night of sword swallowing, perverted puppets, burlesque dancing, fire breathing, and all the other debaucheristic spectacles that Carnivolution has to offer (only one more chance to see it this season next week - http://www.yelp.com/biz/carnivolution-philadelphia), you tend to walk out of it with a tremendous lack of judgment. And that's exactly what bought us here despite the roving pile of hate that I have read about it beforehand. But hell, sometimes our purpose is to experience these nightmares so you don't have to!
Our jam choices for our toast this evening were grape, strawberry, grape, and god damn more freaking grape? I don't think I would have noticed such a detail if our server wasn't from another planet. When Schuyler tried to order something COMPLETELY DIFFERENT from me, she was so hell bent in convincing us that his ordering what I ordered on top of it was such a good deal (it really wasn't); that we eventually acquiesced just to get her to shut the hell up. at one point we found ourselves waiting endlessly for a side scrapple, only to find out in detail how the original fell to the floor while we were trying to stomach an already lackluster pile of slop.
But let us get to the filth and the fury shall we. whether it was the taste of amyl nitrate or Clorox bleach in the way was uncertain. But their was something seriously  OFF about how filled with death the hash browns tasted. the eggs were rather undercooked and seriously lacking, while the meat already failed to deliver before it was a potential deathtrap of floor awareness. By the end we both walked out feeling a little more scarred, and ended up not leaving a tip for the first time in our adult lives. But hopefully this review shall draw those claws a little less further (Too late! - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ee13oq72JB0).I went to the Philly Diner today to find out how they could mess up a turkey club.  Based on what they presented me, here's what they would suggest:
1. Use some sort of bunny bread "rye" and don't really toast it all the way, so that it smashes down flat.
2. Put a tasteless, spongy, soggy substance in your sandwich instead of using turkey.
3. Keep your bacon well humidified so that it's nice and moist.
4. Do not, under any circumstances, allow the sandwich to become contaminated with any mayonnaise.
5. Make sure your lettuce is well aged and your tomato is unripe.
6. Serve with a soggy mess supposed to represent cole slaw and a cucumber pickled with week-old dishwater.
I would give them no stars, but since the last time I went there they've switched from those horrible fries with the crust on them to regular old frozen fries.  Which are not that great, but definitely better.
It's impressive how this place has been continuously going downhill and staying open.  They used to be pretty lousy when they opened down the block, but they're even worse now, and the place is grungier and more run down.  Which I wouldn't have a problem with if the food was edible.  But on Penn campus, it's the same old story:  Students will eat almost anything, especially if they're drunk and it's 3 AM.  Or any time of the day, really.
Also, the prices are outrageous.  Service was fine, though.
Just a horrible, horrible, wretched, sniveling place.Filled with drunkards (like me) at 2:30 in the morning.  Our server was incredibly nice and pleasant.  However, I feel like my food wasn't even that good for diner standards.  How do you mess up a grilled cheese?  The fries were OK though.I found Philly Diner to be the stereotypical diner where college kids hang out.. in a good way. A little disappointed that there weren't any of those diner booths, but that's being picky of me--I'm just fond of those booths.
They give you large portions with a cheap price, so as I said before, good for college kids. Their pancakes are good, particularly the seasonal pumpkin pancakes--mmm. Don't order the chocolate chip pancakes.. well, when my friend ordered them, they were basically brown, bitter/sour pancakes with chocolate chips sprinkled on top. 
I also tried a slice of oreo cheesecake.. admittedly it was pretty bad. The cake was a bit too.. how should I describe it--thick? Tasted more like a block of cream cheese with oreo bits and bread added to it.. I ended up just eating the bread around it.I had to write about this experience.
We waited 20 minutes to take our order. Then, we wait twenty more minutes. Then, the waiter -- who is also the manager -- comes over and tells us that they're out of salad. How can a diner be out of salad? He leaves, then comes back 10 minutes later to ask if he can charge us using a different receipt. Our food arrives another 10 minutes later...the BLT had no mayonaisse and the mousakka was cold and wasn't moussakka. It looked like vomit.
We took one cold, poisonous bite each, and then we walked out.This place sucks.  I thought going back might change my opinion but I couldn't eat my food and the management is terrible.  I watched two unhappy customers leave right after us also unable to eat the food they order.Menu sounded good but food was awful!  Only to be matched by the miserable service.  Sorry, I love a good diner and I am willing to let alot of stuff slide, but there was just nothing!  Including the prices.Alright diner food, terrible service. Guy couldn't have messed our order up more, kept forgetting parts of our order, took 36 min just to get our coffee.There are no good reasons to eat at Philly Diner.
This concludes my review of Philly Diner.
If any member of Philly Diner management is reading this, here is how you can improve:
1. Serve better food.
2. If a server is informed that they brought out the wrong dish, try to discourage them from taking the dish back into the kitchen and then never replacing the dish with the right order and then not showing up in the dining area again, leaving the customer confused and dissatisfied.Worst quality food I've had in 15 years, I feel sorry for the waitstaff.Appropriately, the Philly Diner looks somewhat like a diner (hey, they have reflective metal walls), and some walls are adorned with imagery of Philadelphia. (Who would've thunk?) Impressively crowded at 2 AM, people kept streaming in, even on our way out, roughly an hour later.
Sheriya (our waitress; unsure how to spell her name) was friendly, serving us fast, probably too fast. Before we ordered, she brought my friend and I tall glasses of OJ. I got bacon instead of the sausage I ordered, and my toast sure didn't look like white toast (though that's what she said she was going to bring).
My breakfast was average-priced, average-tasting BUT got me full, and that's all that matters, right? Believe it or not, I've been to worse places... if you're unable/unwilling to drive, nearby, and hungry, the Diner will do in a pinch.