I'm Vietnamese and I love a generous bowl of Pho. Although the quality is not top-notch, it's really good for the price. Generous portions and fast service. If you want homey, no frills, delicious food I'd go here. A normal bowl of pho is about $6.50 before tip, but that should fill you up! The large bowl is really quite large so come in hungry :)
I also had their vermicelli, pork, spring rolls, Viet sausage. The meat quality is average, but again, can't beat the price and the generous portions.My favorite pho place! I've been coming here for Pho and Vietnamese dishes for 10+ years - consistent throughout! Cheap beers/drinks, and casual. Also much closer than 11th and Washington and the prices are also very cheap. 
The service isn't stellar, but that's not it's known for. 
Would highly recommend the clams in black bean sauce, fried spring rolls, and of course - the Pho. Must try for first-timers!Having had some very bad experiences with Philly food--quality, cleanliness, and so forth--I decided to not take a chance and go to Yelp for advice on best Vietnamese/Pho places. I had a cold that needed to disappear, thus I went straight for a hot bowl of beef Pho and a (very large) side of Chinese broccoli with garlic. 
I would return here again and again, given the fact that this is probably the best East Coast Pho I have ever had. San Francisco and Seattle still have a handful of places that have this place beat. Regardless, it was excellent. 
The service is friendly, quick, and all for a very decent price. I finished my meal with a mango smoothie, which was refreshing and tasty. 
Highly recommended from one visitor to another!Arguably the best Pho restaurant in Philadelphia's Chinatown; the Pho in Chinatown isn't great to begin with. Washington Ave is a drive away if you're looking for something slightly better.
The place itself was like any standard Pho restaurant; cheap tables, small cramped spaces, etc. I ordered a large bowl which was two dollars extra from the regular bowl at ~$6.
Food came out quickly and the servers provided refills of tea and water quickly. Overall, service was pretty good. They also listened to our request of steaming up the bean sprouts.
For the Pho itself, it was average across the board. I needed to put a good amount of "extra" ingredients to get it where I wanted. For the price and the service I couldn't complain though. I'd gladly go back again, but it may not hit the spot for some of you Pho aficionados.I've been to Choo Choo a couple times since my initial review.
Okay, look, the food is slightly above average, but you can go with a vegan, a gluten-intolerant person, a gluten-intolerant vegan and voracious carnivores and find something satisfying.  The portions are huge, too.
Service is what you'd expect, and it can be a little crowded, but it's a solid solution to an intersection of food allergies and ethical choices.Decent Pho. Not the best I've ever had. Service was mediocre.My friend and I came here during a day trip. She used to live in Philly and this was one of her usual hangouts, so she was very excited to bring me!
I had the rice dish with shredded pork and grilled pork, and egg. I also had a lychee drink. Everything was super tasty! My favorite part, other than the grilled pork itself, was the bill, which on my end came to around $10 after tipping and even with the drink. Wonderful!This pho place is really great. As with all pho places the service is amazingly fast. The broth is really tasty. Not sure if there is MSG in it but I like it :D
I've come here twice and must say that if you want cheap eats in a casual place this hits the spot. 
Note: it is run by canto people but they do Pho right :DWent on a Sunday and it was pretty busy. I ordered pho Tai and broth was good, but the rare steak is a bit thicker than usual. They had about 6 waiters and this place is pretty small. Seats about 40 and on this busy day, they always seem to hanging out at the back and never checked on me after they delivered the food. That's pretty typical of a vietnamese restaurant.Delicious and cheap, my friends and I all know this place as "The choo choo train restaurant."
I was first introduced to this place by my chinese (now ex) girlfriend and her family a few years ago, and it has since become my favorite destination for inexpensive asian cuisine.  The restaurant isn't especially well lit, or even impeccably clean for that matter - but I love it regardless of it's lack of ambience.  The food is that good!
BTW - Is there a proper way to eat shrimp paste wrapped around sugar cane?  I've just been eating it like a drumstick.... but I always hide a little when I do, and feel like a tourist in my own city.I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT.
I have been dining here for such a long time and it has never disappointed me. The same staff, they are all so kind and vigilant. 
It has taken me almost 6 years to sit down and write a review. Every time a friend from out of town stops by I absolutely take them here. 
THE ITEMS YOU MUST TRY!!!
Bun Cha Bio, Thit Nuong, Tom Nuong (bbq Pork SO GOOOOD, bbq shrimp, vermicelli, pickled daikon, cucumber)
Hu Tieu Do Bien (Seafood noodle soup, ask for egg noodles)
The curry fried chicken is FUCKIN BOMBBBBB
The sauteed pea leaves are delicious. 
ANY of the rice platters, especially the PORK!!
If you're in chinatown and are unsure, don't walk by this hidden gem. You can't miss it, right on Race St. It has a locomotive train neon light in the window and a glow of vietnamese goodness. Be adventurous, this is not a place you want to take someone who is on a chicken nugget and french fry diet and gets upset if you get some organs in a menu item you don't understand. GOOD LUCKChoo Choo's! I've called it this since the beginning of time, never really reading the sign out front... called 411 for the phone number and I swore to the operator the name of the restaurant was Choo Choo's. lol. 
Anyway, I have many a fond college memory coming here. It's right on the edge of Chinatown, and absolutely lovely food to warm yourself up with when it is freezing outside! 
The Pho is amazing! For $6, you can get a small (really gigantic) bowl of Pho to enjoy... The Shrimp Pad Thai is delish as well. I often have trouble deciding between the two. One of my friends just gets the fried rice because it's so good. More often than not, I order Pho to eat there, and order Shrimp Pad Thai to go and I'll eat it at home for dinner. :) The restaurant is pretty small, and always busy. It is great for large parties too, and the service is really good. There's this head guy in charge who I think pretends to not recognize me, lol (I've been coming here for 8+ years!). He's very efficient and makes things run smoothly. 
I miss living in Philly more for this place than for the cheesesteaks, definitely. Sometime over the years I've even gotten my Dad to love this place as much as I do, and he always calls me when he's eating here just to piss me off. I love you Choo Choo's!
p.s. parking sucks. avoid it if you can!Our meal was delicious.  I had the "everything" pho (the first pho listed on the menu) and shared a papaya salad with beef jerky as an appetizer.  It was soo good!  The papaya and veggies for the pho (basil, bean sprouts, and lime) were so fresh too!  The meal was super cheap and I was so full at the end.  I'm looking forward to going back again! :)As a 'Miamian,' there aren't places down by me that have EXCELLENT Pho as I've encountered in the area with a large Asian population.  To me, the best we have in Miami it's mediocre when it comes to these in other parts of the nation, but its up to par for the satisfaction of my belly.
Pho Xe Lua...You have met my expectations in satisfying my belly with your Big O' Bowl of hot soupy slurpy goodness.   
As you walk in...this place is waited by predominantly 'Chinese.'  I know, because I speaky their lingo... ; )
But service is quick & efficient, hot tea is brought to you without any questions as you are sitting at the table.  Once ready and your order is placed, it doesn't take them very long but about 5-10 minutes for the waiter to walk briskly to your table with this big white bowl of hot soup filled to the brim.  The broth is where its at!  This broth was steamy and tasty with all those hours that they spend brewing up a pot of this.  The noodles were cooked to perfection, springy...just a tad past al dente.  Enough where it is not soggy and breaking apart every time you attempt to grab them with your chopsticks.  BTW...the regular large size is more that enough!  Unless you are starving and can scarve down your hatch a HUGE-R (yes, I know that word doesn't exist, but there is no other way I would describe how big their sizes are) bowl of slurpy goodness...go right ahead.
Pho here is cheap and plentiful.  You really get your bang for your buck!
...Wish there were more places like this back home.After over a week in Chinatown, we finally made it to Pho Xe Lua and it was worth it.  We had traditional Pad Thai along with a dish of mixed veggies, tofu and bean sprouts and it was more than filling. And tasty.  I have to say that even though Pad Thai may be the beginner's Thai dish, it was delicious here, one of the best I've had.  Shrimp were plentiful, plump, and perfectly cooked.
Beers were incredibly inexpensive for a wide selection of bottles.  Service was efficient and friendly.  Also helpful.  We walked in early on a Saturday night when most of the other restaurants on the street were almost empty.  Pho Xe Lua was almost full on both floors--now I understand why.Pho does not disappoint.  
Very generous portions, fresh fixings and a great price.
Would be nice if they added some cilantro.For what it is, I can't give "Choo Choo" anything but 5 stars.  It is certainly borderline hole-in-the-wall, but it is cheap and so good!
I am always overwhelmed with what to order (and usually make my friend order the appetizers), but this place is amazing.  The portions are huge, and every single thing I have eaten has been delicious (especially the pad thai) and the raw beef dish appetizer.  On my list visit, four of us shared four appetizers and each had our own entree, and we paid about $15 each.
Definitely check this place out!Pho in Chinatown... and some of the best Pho I've had to boot!
I could describe the service, the atmosphere, and everything other than the food, but really why bother?  You're here to eat!  Get some Pho Tai, spice it to your liking, and dig in.  While they were a bit light on the tripe, the beef was cooked (or should I say uncooked) to perfection. A regular bowl (they call them L versus XL) should be able to take care of you well until your next scheduled meal.  Try to beat the lunch crowd since it gets packed.Good food at a good price, the pho ga hit the spot on a warm spring night.I use to hear they have bad service, but it's great here. Maybe they used to have a lack of servers speaking a bit of English and people misunderstood it as bad customer service...? I like them, they do great. It's cheap and yummy food! Can't go wrong. Their cured raw beef with peanuts, Thai basil leaves, and fish sauce is bomb btw. So good. And it's cured enough. Great curry as well!Best Pad Thai (phad thai) ever! And the raw beef with lime juice is my favorite appetizer. Pho is pretty good and the drinks selection is pretty vast. You can buy alcohol here!A local favorite and a regular spot for pho around university city/ Chinatown. Consistently great food and very authentic.Visited Philadelphia for the first time coming from SoCal, been gone for a 1 week with no Vietnamese food, I was craving something. Happen to stumble thru Yelp and it has good reviews.
For me, it was ok. Too much MSG for my taste bud, made me kinda sick.WOW This pho is amazing
Get the pho special
-Its huge and cheap
-the cuts of beef are very generous
-the BROTH is the best I even had.  Just drink some of the broth before you mix in hoisin&siracha to taste how rich and beefy it is
meatballs are not included in the pho special tho :(    (extra $2 its worth it)
Also try the Snails.  When i was here i saw every oriental person order them.  they must be good.Anyone out there like tendon in their pho?  I do!  This place offers a very generous portion of tendons with the pho, which is why they are my go-to spot in Chinatown for pho.  Their avocado and taro smoothies are good here, too.  They didn't get 5 stars bc the pork chop plate with broken rice is not the best I've had - the pork chop was a little on the greasy side and they overcooked my sunny side up egg, which is a big no-no. Also, the udon with ham hocks don't come with true Vietnamese Udon, which are translucent, but they use an opaque type, similar to ones used in Japanese/Korean food; the ham hocks had flavor, but they tasted like they had been frozen and had freezer burn/picked up weird smells from the other stuff in the freezer (does this make sense and gross anyone else out?).  
Ok, I said my piece.  I go here often, despite finding the occasional dish that I don't like.  They make tons of other things, and I'm sure I'll find lots of things I love here.  Another perk is that they are open pretty late for a Vietnamese restaurant - till 11 some nights (Friday/Saturday).My favorite Viet restaurant. I went there on a weekly basis and never got disappointed.Killer. Love the mango shake of course. Everything is tasty and the wait-staff take good care of you.Choo Choo's!!!
seriously one of the best Vietnamese places in Chinatown.
i love their food and theres just so many that i want to list.
writing this review is making me hungry...
this was always the hangout spot for me and my friends since forever.
i highly recommend it.This has become mine and my boyfriend's favorite cheap place to go on a Sunday evening. I usually just get the same thing (veggie pad thai). He mixes it up quite a bit and has liked everything he's tried. His go to meal is chicken curry which I have to say smells amazing even though I am a vegetarian. 
I would give this place 5 stars however our last trip the beers we ordered were skunked, but even if that never happened I wouldn't give it 5 stars because the fish tanks freak me out and I can only sit in there if my back faces them. 
Two beers, two entrees, $20.40! Bam!Amazing beef pho. Fast service, great (yet simple) space to dine. Definitely will be back!So my Asian buddies tipped me off about this place when I complained about not having good Pho in Philly. I heart you Choo Choo! I thought the Pho is good but my favorite food here is the pork chops with rice, which comes with a red/orange sauce. It's so cheap and the portions are generous. The servers/waiters are very nice too.Came here for the first time and ordered pho with chicken. It was pretty OK; it was not the best pho I have ever had nor was it the worse. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here (like I did this time) but, if I were in the neighborhood, I might be willing to stop here for a steaming bowl of pho for lunch...but I would probablly just go try the pho at one of the other nearby establishments.What an amazing gem!
Unlike most Pho restaurants in the city, this one offers a vast menu that includes not only Pho (the signature soup) but many specialty dishes. Their Pho is also amazing because it has about 20 variations and does include seafood Pho (a rarity in the city as well) 
The place itself is rather old, which gives it a dirty look but it's just the look,  I do believe that they pass their sanitary inspection with flying colors.This place is not only cheap but also authentic! I couldn't believe the proportions and sizes when I first entered here. Compared to some Chinese restaurants, I argue that this is the place for bang for buck and dishes that can be catered to any taste ranging from complex flavors of thai, soothing pho soups, spicy curries, salty and savory rice dishes, sweet desserts, and fresh crisp summer rolls. 
I recommend their pho- large generous portions 8.50 for a large. You can also get their rice dishes like curry or pork chop for 7$ or less! I haven't run into anything bad on their menu but their fish fillet thai dish was a tad salty so I had to eat it with a lot of rice/
Staff is attentive and fast and the food service comes all in one go. So if you don't like wait time, this place if not early, will get least get all the dishes in one go onto your table. 
Place is clean and decor is cozy and homey. It seems all the locals come here and having been to various Viet places, this place is authentic in style and taste and ambience. Compared to other Viet places it definitely makes it to the top. There's another Viet place a bit further down, but I think its pho is mediocre and overpriced. This is a bit more secret directly across from NinetingGreat broth and large size for Only $7 (give or take). My go-to spot for Pho since I moved here.This has the best Pho in Philly and the best value.  One can drop by any time of the day or night for a bowl of Pho.  Great during thses frigid weather - warms your soul.   It has many other delicious dishes too (Vietnamese, Chinese,and Thai).   Enjoy!Visiting from Northern Virginia.   It was one of best pho restaurants I've eaten recently. ..  The price was also excellent.   I would go back whenever I visit Philadelphia.   Order spring rolls with your pho...Our favorite pho place in Philly.  Owners are friendly and attentive, and staff are relatively efficient.  
Food quality is excellent, always very fresh and well balanced.
Prices are very reasonable.
Most highly recommend.The Pho here is pretty good/standard, and our overall experience wasn't terrible but the service was pretty slow and they almost forgot my friend's ice tea order until after the food arrived even though we ordered it as soon as we sat down. 
6 hours later...I had some pretty bad food poisoning/side effects. I don't totally want to blame or discredit this place but that is the exact window/time period for food poisoning...and nothing I ate was with my hands :/
Not a terrible place but I probably will not return due to this incident.A hidden gem in Chinatown. The food is affordable and delicious. Perfect for college students who want good food and cheap prices or anyone on a tight budget. This place is also a fantastic date spot. The atmosphere is great and the interior is well decorated.Love this little spot. I've only had the Pho here and it has become one of my go to places. The tai iced tea is so good.When looking to grab some pho in the city, this is always my first choice.  The chicken is always tender - not rubbery or chewy like the pho joint much closer to my house.  Definitely a no frills atmosphere, and the Thai food is not quite as good, but you will never leave hungry.  
And $2.50 Sapporo - not bad, either.I've been going to this place since I was a child and I still love going here to eat all the time! If anyone says "Let's going to choo choo's!" you know that you're going to have awesome food for awesome prices! I always go for the seafood noodle soup and so much more! :)Average at best. Very salty. Asked for extra spicy and they brought dressing on side.Always my go to spot for viet food. Last night was just disappointing. I order spring rolls and a veggie dish both orders were too greasy. Service is whatever, should of known better, their Asians.  Gotta excuse that. Lol. Noodle soups are alway tasty thou.Just learned that this place has a name other than "Choo Choo" as I have always lovingly known it. This restaurant has replaced Pho 75 (R.I.P.) as my neighborhood Pho joint. They also are great for vermicilli dishes, which are my favorite Vietnamese food! It has a hole-in-the-wall vibe, but service is quick, prices are low, and you will always leave happy and full. :)I haven't had pho in years!!! Omg this place is awesome!!! Love the atmosphere... They seated me all the way in the back which I didn't like cause its like right by the kitchen but whatever at least the food was on point... I order two apps... papaya salad and crispy veggies spring rolls ...the papaya salad they didn't give me enough sauce so it was a little dry other then that it was fine...the crispy egg rolls was yummy ...two entrees...  Which were pho Mac and pork chop over rice...the pho mac i order had three types of beef loaded with veggies.... I order the medium but it looked like a large bowl of pho gosh ...i wonder how big the large pho would be  after seeing my pho ...yums! This place makes the best pho!! I defiantly would come back for that if i didn't live so far...The pork chop over rice was pretty good but the portion of the meat was pretty small they put imitation crab meat with eggs on the side which is kinda weird but whatever lol ...all that food cost around 15 bucks!! I think that was pretty awesome with all the food I order came out to 15 bucks!Stellar (meaning very low) prices, generous portion sizes, and speedy service. Oh, plus $2 Thai iced tea! I got vermicelli with BBQ pork and meat on a sugar cane stick and pork balls, I think, for $6.95.  And that's if you get the "upgrade" from the standard $5.95 vermicelli, which already seems to have a lot of goodies included.  The pho is $5.95 (large) or $6.95 (x-large) - guess there's no size small for the pho.
There's additional seating upstairs.  This place was packed when we came on a Saturday night, though it was past standard dinner hour.  I would definitely come back in the future for a generous-sized meal you can get for well under $10.This is probably my favorite place to go for Vietnamese food or pho hands down in Chinatown. Known on the streets and by my friends as Chu Chu's (cuz there's a neon-lit train with steam in the window), this place has some wonderful pho indeed, which you can order large or extra large and add extra fixings as you want for an additional charge. My go-to for pho here is usually 106, which has a nice portion of the cuts of beef I like (beef, tendon, and frank brisket), but really, you can't go wrong with any of the pho choices; it just kinda depends on your preference. The pho broth is phenomenal, savory, satisfying, and simple. Oh and did I mention how quickly the place gets your order out of the kitchen right in front of you? Prices here are more than reasonable and the place also takes card as well. Fish pho is not on the menu, but is a secret menu option (for those who like trying secret things). The spring rolls here are also pretty fresh and dope and they have a wide assortment of other foods and drinks available. It's really quite an extensive menu and well-worth your visit to come and eat here for lunch or dinner. What are you waiting for?I was very disappointed when I tasted the food there.  Originally from SoCal, I know my vietnamese food and this restaurant is so bad.  I read the menu and wanted almost everything on it.  But I had to limit myself so I ordered 3 things. 
1) pho  2) bun thit nuong (dry rice noodles with BBG pork)  3) chao tom (shrimp on sugarcane).  
The pho broth was plain without spices, lots of MSG, and the meat was tough.  The dry noodle was okay but the BBQ pork was again plain, no seasoning/taste to it.  And the shrimp on sugarcane was the worst.  OMG, it tasted like cardboard without any flavor.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I don't believe people are okay with this kind of food.  It fails to represent vietnamese food.  In fact I don't think any of the vietnamese restaurants in Philly represent at all.  Sorry.  Try Southern California in Orange County.  Most restaurants there are good.Came to this restaurant after many great reviews, expecting great food.
Expectations were surpassed on the food front.
HOWEVER, not so much with the staff. 
When my girlfriend and I were waiting to be served, the waiters were wandering aimlessly around the restaurant, a couple of them looking miserable and grimey, almost sickly. 
They probably were, because not a couple hours after having eaten at this restaurant, I caught the stomach flu. 
TL;DR - Good food at the price of two week's worth of fever, vomiting, and diarrhea.Where to begin? The Pho broth is lacking favor and is substandard. The high rating and expectations makes this place a disappointment. I highly recommend not eating Pho here as broth is king in Pho and this place don't have it. Disregard the high rating. The waitstaff here are also uncomfortably watching you eat in anticipation of serving you which creates an awkward environment.Ok. I'm a white guy, but having traveled a great deal and the fact that I eat Pho at least once a week, makes me qualified to write this review. One of my favorite dishes is Beef and Tendon Pho, but what I was served here was bad. The tendon was overcooked and way too soft, with chunks of fat hanging off it. The the beef was tasteless and tough. The bean sprouts were yellow and stale. I could go on about this for another page, but I feel that I've said enough.I have been going here since college and still have the best pho in philly!  You just can't go wrong with XLG bowl of Pho!This is one of my favorite Chinatown destinations--it's cheap and delicious! 
I always order the Tom Yum soup (perfect if you're craving hot and sour--esp. in the wintertime), the raw flank steak (served with fresh cilantro, crispy shallots/garlic, crushed peanuts, and a chili vinaigrette), and usually a whole steamed striped bass with ginger and scallions--and for around $20 a whole, fresh fish is a super bargain. And an avocado shake for dessert! YUM!!!
And let's get to the good part: C H E A P  A L C O H O L. Awesome.
Beers are under $3, mixed drinks are under $5. But that's everywhere in Chinatown pretty much.
Any minuses would be that it takes a long time to get a check or refills sometimes, and I think it closes pretty early--like 10pm?Cheap, and Good. Not the best Pho I've had, but its good. The portions are huge.Whenever I say Xe Lua to anyone, they look at me like some type of weirdo. But when I mention choo choo, they're like "OH, I love that place!". It's the same place...
I've been eating here since I was a kid. I remember the food quality being better from years ago. OR, I'm just a picky snob now. Who knows. Their service is still fast and rushing, though. 
My last trip to choo choo's was after a Kelly Drive run. I was starving. I ordered banh beo (rice cakes) and bo luc lac (stir fried beef cubes). My friends ordered a goi cuon (summer roll) and pad thai (stir fried rice noodles). I love their Pad Thai here. The other stuff, not so much. 
The banh beo was missing the tiny dried shrimp, which I like. The dried pork that was sprinkled on top had a funny taste (expired?). 
Bo luc lac is supposed to be stir fried filet mignon, according to their menu. The meat was so tough that I thought it was stir fried beef chuck. It also had way more peppers and onions than beef. I don't think bo luc lac is even supposed to have onions and peppers in it. 
I know their pad thai isn't very authentic, but it's still delicious! Don't forget to add the lime to the noodles. 
The only times I come here are when friends choose to. If I'm craving Vietnamese food, I go to Washington Ave. Don't forget to grab a bubble shake!Always a great time here. I only eat fish and seafood so I have never tried Pho. They had a vegetarian version that was delicious!!! I was so pleased. I am usually turned off by the smell of the broth, but this broth was crazy good. The prices are so reasonable and it is a comfortable and casual setting. I love that all of the waiters wait on you. There is no assigned waiter so the service is quite fast and accurate. As soon as you finish, your plates are picked. Your water is constantly refilled. They do a great job in customer service. I am a big fan of the lemongrass shrimp!!! Try it out!I've been going here since high school, and it's still one of my fave places to eat in Chinatown, I always get the house special pho and it's always delicious!!The clouds have parted... and there at the center, is a huge bowl of Pho.
Absolutely delicious and enlightening (thus the first sentence) lunch experience at Pho Xe Lua today! I felt almost treacherous ditching my normal spot, Pho Cali, and wandered a little further away from work to this spot. What a good idea and I will absolutely be coming here again in the near future.
I got regular rare steak pho. The meat and noodle portions were large just with a regular bowl portion. What really made this pho exceptional was the broth. So savory and had the right amount of scallions and cilantro. 
My PIC (partner in crime) got the beef stir fry noodles. Also amazing! But really I'm a Pho girl and this will be my new go to spot for it.I have this place on speed dial. They produce affordably priced, delicious meals. Prices are the same for lunch and dinner, so it is great if you want a dinner that costs $5-7. Here are some of my favorites from over the years:
-Lemon grass chicken over rice
-Curry chicken over rice
-Beef with bell pepper over rice
-Chicken vermicelli
-Chicken pho
Ah, the memories. The place offers efficient service, piping hot food, and complementary tea (for dining in) during the winter time. The interior is nothing fancy, but it is the perfect place to go for a casual meal. If it gets packed, they open an upstairs seating area to relieve some of the pressure.I'm not an expert in Pho, but this was absolutely delicious. The service was efficient, the food was very reasonably priced and with good sized portions, and it was busy with diners - usually a good sign. I can't wait to go back and introduce all my friends to it.I've only gotten take out but the food and prices are great. Love to bun bo heu, way more pork knuckles than some places give you.Pretty good. A little hole in the wall place with dated decor. The pho and crispy spring rolls were both sufficent. Two of us ate here for a total of $18. Service was good and quick. After we sat down and ordered, our food came out in like 5 mins!! My steak however was really fatty but my fiancé's was better... Maybe I just got a bad cut or something. We will return here again if we are in the city and need a cheap meal... Won't go out of our way however.This place is no joke!  Fast service and all.  The papaya/beef jerky salad is very nice.  Beef and frank brisket is a must.  Choo choo is choolicious!!I gravitate towards this place for the food and low prices. I enjoy eating the vegetable pho and chicken fried rice. I would also enjoy eating the summer rolls if they removed the intestinal line on the shrimp. Disgusting!Last night I went to Pho Xe Lua for dinner because the bf was craving some chao long (or rice porridge with meat and innards)- a dish that has been hard to find in Philly since moving here all those years ago. I could make it myself, but then we would be stuck with a whole pot...and sometimes you just need a bowl to be satisfied. I was wary of the "fusion" aspect of the restaurant because I typically dislike asian places that try to do multiple cuisine. A lot of the time it ends up half@$$ for both or (shudder) all three types that they try to encompass.
The restaurant was lively, and there were a lot of diners having dinner- good sign. We ordered eggrolls, they came out steaming hot and delicious, also another good sign. I ordered the the grilled pork rice platter (com suong nuong), which is a fairly typical order for me and I have tried it at many of the different vietnamese places around philly. Much to my dismay, the rice was mushy, the pork floss was bland, and the pork cut that I got was fatty and also lacking flavor. The chao long had all the essential ingredients, but also bland. When you make rice porridge, there are lots of different types (chicken, fish, etc) but when you make that type you cook the meat in the rice porridge. In this restaurant'scase, bc they had multiple types and prob to make it easier for themselves, my guess is that they made a plain porridge pot (no flavor) and add in the meat of the type you order. 
Overall, neither of us were pleased with our meal choice. I dont think I will be back here anytime soon.Best pho in Philly! 
They have this recipe perfected for sure. The waitstaff can be kind of brusque, but I'm not there to be coddled! They bring out your pho super fast and it always hits the spot. 
Bring cash because they have a credit minimum (I think $10) and a regular size is certainly under that. I've never needed an XL because the regular is so filling. 
Complimentary green tea to boot. Can't beat it!Hadn't been here in awhile and happened to be at a meeting in town and ventured in for lunch.
I have never had a bad meal here.   I love trying different soups (they have an extensive menu).   Wanted spicy,  so went with the Bun Bo Hue.  Fantastic,  though you have to be forewarned:  gets its great flavor from trotters ... yup, that would be pigs feet !   The pieces of fatty brisket are yummy and abundant !  And it packs a kick.
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because I'm comparing it to a number of other favorite Viet places and it doesn't quite surpass some of the others that I rate a 5.
Service is very quick and the prices are fantastic !
Great Thai Iced Tea and Cafe Su Da !My boyfriend and I have been coming here regularly for years. It's always our go-to spot for Pho therapy.I think this is the best pho I've had in Philly. Better than Pho Ha. Better than Pho 75.
Why?
Clear, clean, aromatic broth. (Not cloudy or questionable). 
Tender, high-quality tasting beef. (Not chewy or gamey). 
That's really all you need to know. This place may be a diamond in the rough that is Chinatown. Check it out.Friendly staff, great service, food is tasty, reasonable price, menu has many options. I think is best Vietnamese food in the Chinatown.3.5 STARS
Very good Pho. Had the Beef and Beef ball, 108. Hearty soup base, barely any 'msg', fresh bean sprouts/basil leaves on the side. The beef ball is generic, found in market. The beef is ok sliced beef. Ok portion of noodles, big bowl of 'soup' base that is very drinkable. Good price at 5.50
However, the rice plates are so-so. Had the pork chop with rice, and fish cake. Came with 2 leaves of fresh lettuce. The rice was ur plain old rice, not even broken. The pork chop was kind of dry, and only came with one piece. The fish cake was not good at all. Mushy. 
The Viet coffee was pretty good, $2.One of my favorite places in Chinatown! Come here if you're looking for a great, filling meal that won't hurt your wallet. 
Service is incredibly fast (although it may help that my best friend and her husband are regulars here)! 
Try an XL bowl of pho - I think it was still only around $8 and I couldn't finish my bowl (and I don't EVER have a problem finishing a good bowl of pho). Broth is flavorful, and bowls are fully loaded with meat and noodles - no skimping here!Affordable, authentic Vietnamese food with a wide variety of options.  It's not some hip, modern, fusion-y restaurant.  It's just a straight up, high-value Vietnamese restaurant that will give you a bang for your buck whether you're up for a good rice dish or bowl of pho.  
Went to lunch with a co-worker and the place was packed! Ordered the house specialty rice place with the pork chops and it came out with two incredible pieces of pork chops.  Left there soo full and satisfied.  Will be coming back again.Not the best pho around- that distinction belongs to Pho75- but a very close second, in my opinion. I'd actually rather go here when in Chinatown because when it comes to everything besides pho, this place is unbeatable. 
The appetizers taste incredible, and they even have stuffed grape leaves, which is very rare around here with Vietnamese joints. The jackfruit shakes- my personal favorite- are so good that I usually order 2 or 3, with plenty of rum added in for good measure. 
I can't say enough about this place. If you want more than just pho, you can't go anywhere for Vietnamese in Philly and have a better meal than at Xe Lua.I consider this to be my first time having pho. In truth, I have had it before, but the dish was unmemorable and I was so clueless in my technique that it simply did not count. So, I started fresh at Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai, and I'm glad I did. I had the Beef Pho and I instantly understood the hype. I do not have the experience to say that this is the best, as many others have, but I did enjoy the dish and trust that this could be some of Philly's best. The servers at Pho Xe Lau Viet Thai were eager to remind me that I am a newcomer. I know the reason, it's because my boyfriend is Asian and he is therefore superior in this setting. I am used to being ignored when in this situation and know that they will only address him. But when you give me the fork, you hurt my feelings. I will not hold it against you, I loved the Pho and I will be back for more. Maybe in time I can prove myself to you, servers of Pho Xe Lau Viet Thai. Looking forward to it!Went here last night with a group of 8 friends not expecting them to have room to fit us all right away considering the place isn't very large.  We were immediately sat by a friendly waiter and we all ordered a round of drinks which were extremely cheap yet satisfying.  I started off with the vegetarian spring rolls which came out quickly and were hot, steamy, and delicious! Shortly thereafter, the large Pho Ga (pho with chicken) came out.  The portion was more than enough for me, but it was hearty and delicious and exactly what I needed/wanted. Whoever said that chicken noodle soup was good for the soul obviously hasn't tried pho. I'm definitely coming back here soon. Great location, great food, great staff!Best Thai seafood noodle soup I 've had for the lowest price. Absolutely the most delicious broth complimented by ...non-intrusive and efficient service. Hands down the best bargain in town. LOVE IT!
Great menu and bar, in terms of balancing creativity and tradition. Only cons: they don't do delivery and it can get a bit noisy-the place is always packed. Don't go: let me have it for myself:-).Not going to lie, when I walked into this restaurant for the first time I was like where am I? But it is sooo good! I have converted all my friends to going here.
First off, the menu is extensive. They pretty much have anything you can think of. And everything I have ever had is amazing. And it is sooo reasonable! I always get the shrimp pad thai, i think it is around 10 or so dollars. It is sooo big, it is enough for two people for sure. 
Also they have really cheap drinks. Like $4 wines. I love to come here before going out, or for just a random night in china town. There really is no ambiance, but with food this good and this cheap it doesnt matter!