I got some of the worst food poisoning of my life in this place several years ago and just can't fathom going back when there are so many better alternatives.   Cafe Viet Huong at 11th & Washington is just a few blocks away, has a more extensive menu and the food is way better.  Oh yeah - and it isn't filthy inside like Pho Ha.  I'll gladly pay just a little bit more to eat in a restaurant that seems to grasp the concept of hygiene.  Pho Ha is just a bit too "rustic" inside for my tastes.  Blech.Usually it's the Cheese Steak that we get when we are in Philly, but this time it was Pho.
Pho Ha is located on a Plaza and in an area full with Vietnamese restaurants. Pho Ha became our choice because of the many Yelp reviews, and it is the first Pho restaurant you see driving up to the Plaza.
The Pho restaurants I know are storefronts, little whole in the walls, but Pho Ha is a serious big place. All though big in size, it still gives you that family restaurant atmosphere. Due to the grandkids walking around while the parents are obviously cooking our Pho and granddad keeps an eye on his descendants. 
The bowls are big and filled with delicious broth, there are two sizes of big; small big and large big... These bowl are no joke, and sooooo tasty and for $6.50 per bowl you can't go wrong.
Pho Ha is for sure a place you need to try out when you are in Philly, and if you like Pho or never had a Pho in your whole life!Best bang for your buck pho place. Their portions are HUGE. I'd say the large bowl is big enough to feed two people. I had the "everything" pho, and it's good, very comparable to Nam Phuong, which has become the benchmark for Vietnamese food for me. The meat is thinner so it tends to get all over the place (a bit messy) compared to Nam Phuong. Good broth. Also the 6th street Vietnamese strip mall is less occupied than the 11th, so it's easier to find parking here.I was pretty hyped about trying pho in Philly. We pass by this little Viet town every time we make our way towards Pat's. I asked a Josh V.,  fellow yelper and friend for some suggestions and this was one of them. 
Pho Ha is the corner store in this shopping lot. There's a supermarket and other various Viet stores. There's a pretty decent size parking lot but boy, nobody knows how to drive or park. Parking lanes are a bit narrow, people with large SUVs have a tight squeeze and many folks just park slanted. But the parking lot remains an upside and the street parking didn't look all that bad either.
My wife and I both ordered a large #13 on the menu. I had my pho with egg noodles, she had hers with rice noodles. We also ordered spring rolls (2), and a side order of pork chops for our son. The pho came to our table piping hot. The broth was delicious. Just thinking about it is making my mouth salvilate. The noodle portion in my opinion could be a little more especially for a large order. The amount of tendon and beef they gave was reasonably fair. It was a good bowl of pho all around. Better than any other pho I had in New York by far. My one issue with the pho came later. Our mouths became extremely dry by the time we checked into our hotel. Both of us were just so thirsty from all the msg they used.
The spring rolls and that fish sauce is spot on. Very nice crispy texture and tender and juicy on the inside. The spring rolls here easily beat all of the Vietnamese spring rolls I've had in Jackson heights, Woodside, Elmhurst, and Flushing Queens. The sauce was well made too. I was kinda turned away that they didn't give some leafs of lettuce to roll the spring roll in. Maybe that's just a NY thing? I dunno.
The pork chops were also delightful. Nice thin cut, gently seared on both sides and kept all the juices entact. I cut pieces of the pork chop and mixed it into a bowl of pho from our order and our son finished everything. However, again, he also became very thirsty when we got to our room. 
Verdict - Despite the msg, we still enjoyed the heck out of it. We finally ate something other than cheesesteaks, roast pork sandwiches and crap from Reading Terminal. If they toned down the msg a few notches or remove it entirely, the broth and everything about their pho would rank #1 on my list. It's a very busy restaurant, our waiter was friendly during the lunch rush, it was a way better experience than any pho spot I ever had I'm NY.Best pho in Philly. And best spring rolls. And best Soda Chahn. I guess best everything, really.I ain't Vietnamese ok, but gurl, I am Foodnamese and this is some good food. The service is quick and the food is so good. 
I usually order the rice vermicelli w/ meat dishes.
It's cash only so watch out for that. There's an ATM inside the store if you need it.I really loved the food and I like how clean everything looked. The guy that took our order seemed very helpful. Food came out quickly and the prices are very good. I wish the restrooms were a bit cleaner and this is why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5.I really liked Pho Ha! I was very skeptical at first- the place looks super sketchy from outside, like it might be a fast food chain or something- but I am glad I let my friend from work talk me into going.
Even when you walk inside it's really sketchy. The tables are plastic and the place has the definite feeling of an Asian Shoney's. But the waitstaff is very friendly and hospitable. The menu is massive and I probably would have had trouble with it if I hadn't been with someone who knew what she was doing. 
I started with the summer rolls with shrimp. Very fresh and simple and healthy. It was a good start. 
Next I moved onto the chicken vermicelli roll dish. I shared this with my friend at her suggestion, though I didn't think it would be enough food. Sure enough, there was so much food that she and I could not finish and my boyfriend had to help us out! The chicken was tender and flavorful, and the noodles were cooked perfectly. It came with the rice wrappers and a bowl of warm water to moisten them, which took some time and a few botched attempts before I got it right. It also came with a massive pile of mint, which was delicious, except...beware the "fishy mint"!!!! I took a bite of a leaf, and was instantly nauseated and had to spit it out. When my waiter came over, I said "what IS this, it's awful!?" He looked at me with a smile and a wink and said "Oh. You don't like the fishy-mint." And walked away. Quite an experience. I hope to go back soon! But will avoid any sort of seafood flavored leafy green.
Also...you would be hard-pressed to spend more than $20 here on a couple of people, and to not bring home leftovers. Portions are huge and prices are crazy cheap.What can I say? This is one of my favorite restaurants. 
The pho is DELICIOUS. I always order a number 2, with steak and brisket. The pho comes with a plate of bean sprouts, thai basil, culantro(i think), sliced jalapenos, and lime. This allows you to doctor up your pho the way you like it. Add some sriracha...maybe a squirt of fish sauce...golden! 
I think I am seriously addicted to the hoisin sauce as well. I love dipping my meat in it. *snickers*
The meal would not be complete without the jasmine tea they give you while waiting for your order (it takes them like less than 5 minutes to deliver a steaming bowl to your table), as well as some vietnamese coffee...rich, robust...floating on a cloud of condensed milk, poured over ice or hot. Seriously, if you don't know about vietnamese coffee, and you're a coffee drinker? Well...you need to learn. If you're not a coffee fan, order the jackfruit smoothie. 
I eat at Pho Ha at least once a week. I have also brought at least a dozen people there so that they could experience it for the first time. You will get a fulfilling meal that only costs about 6 bucks...perfection.Giving this place 2 stars, the food is good, fast and is very inexpensive.  But why am I leaving 2 stars you ask?  i'm giving them 2 stars for iver charging my credit card.  My meal with tax was ~43.  So I leave 6 in tip to bring it to a total of ~49.  On my CC, they charged me ~54 ( not a big deal but that's still wrong).  Looks like someone gave themselves extra tip.  Be careful and watch out!Finally - we have found our pho place in Philly. Super fast, tasty broth and everything you would expect from a pho restaurant - beef/chicken options (missing the seafood, sadness), huge portions (the small is more like a large at other places), spring rolls and super strong iced coffee. Def our go-to for a hangover cure.One of our favorite place for pho in Philly! We always come back for their pho bowls bcus its that good and affordable compared to NY prices now. We ordered the create it yourself pho bowl for less than $8 (small bowl) with beef balls, flank, and brisket. Love that the give plenty of noodles and meat!! My friend went for the steak over rice bcus he was curious how it might taste! He loved it! I tried a piece of steak and it was so good! So tender and flavorful. Thinking to order that next time on our next visit and maybe try their other entrees!I LOVE the food at Pho Ha.  It doesn't seem to be the cleanest place, and I heard that use a TON of MSG, but for a $16 meal for two people, I love it.The usual pot of hot tea becomes a pot of iced tea on this hot day. That consideration in itself is worth 5-stars!Seriously the best Pho broth I have ever tasted. It's so deep in flavor and all of the condiments are right there on the table. They don't skimp on anything. Decor and ambience fall a kinda flat, florescent lights, communal tables, large windows and a small counter in the back to pay. It feels like a space that converts into a bingo hall at night but all of that aside the food is where it's at. I wasn't a huge fan of the spring rolls but I'm not into Vietnamese rolls anyway. The soup is it. Slurp down the spicy goodness and fall in love. I wish this place was in New York.As a genuine Vietnamese, I would say this restaurant served not best of Pho. We came here two times during our short stay in Philly, but the restaurant was quiet, even though it was 8 p.m. or 11 a.m. The broth was cooked pretty well with the real taste of beef bones, oxtail (perhaps), with some spices like Vietnamese cinnamon sticks, cloves, coriander seeds, star anise, and cardamom. The Pho here is very Southern Vietnamese style, and I like it, even though the owner was a Northern lady. However, there were just a few pieces of thin slicing meat. The portion was small as well.definitely the best pho in Philly...my parents want  this literally every time they visit. It's also in an area that has more Vietnamese shops/ restaurants than Chinatown, and ample parking since it's in a shopping center.Vietnamese food served up fast and hot. We came here on a rainy and cold day for some soup to warm us up. Ordered 3 pho with different proteins in it. Everyone prefers their beef cooked to a different degree but I prefer mine just turning brown with a slight pink. To me most places can do that just easily since all the need to do for pho is just put everything in a bowl then pour some soup in and serve. This place is no different. Pho Ha stands out to me is their soup and the aroma of the soup. The soup comes out hot but not burning filled with beef flavor compared to some soup that were just bland. I came here hoping to try their weekend special pho bo kho(#28 beef stew with carrot pho) as I tried it at a different location and was blown away. I knocked one star off for now since I didn't get to try what I wanted but once I tried it I will update the score accordingly. 
Quick tip for first timers
1. If you're planning to come here on a weekend I would suggest carpool since the parking lot will be packed. 
2. Don't let the outer look fool you. It is not the most pristine of places but their food is good. 
3. Don't expect servers to come to you often like a typical restaurant. 
You will walk in make eye contact with someone who works there. Then raise up your hand with the number of seats you'll need and be seated. You will see your waiter when they bring you your drink then take your order and then serve you your food and that's it. 
4. Following your order if you order pho they will bring out a plate filled with bean sprouts, basil and lime. These are for the pho please don't eat them directly (you can if you want). Before you add anything in though taste the soup first. 
For the bean sprouts put it in your soup while it's hot to soften them a little
Please tear the basil leaves off the stem and then rip the it a little to put into your pho. Don't try to stick he whole stem in. 
As for the lime, add in as little or as much as you want.
5. If you order their iced drip coffee, let the coffee finish dripping into the glass then stir it first before pouring it over into the ice cup. The hot coffee helps dissolve the condensed milk at the bottom and there will be no ice in the way of you mixing it evenly. After mixing then you can pour over and enjoy. 
6. You pay by walking up to the cashier and tell her your table and this place is CASH ONLY.Such a worthy review #100 recipient. Pho Ha serves up some seriously cravable Vietnamese food. Case in point, I first visited a couple weekends ago and could not get enough of the sliced pork pho and the vermicelli noodles with pork and egg rolls. It was a rainy day and these giant portions hit the spot. Great service was received and the prices were amazing.
Fast forward to this past weekend. I had been thinking about these noodles all week and needed round 2 in my life ASAP. I spent an excruciating 45 minutes in Columbus blvd's version of hell aka that dump of a Comcast customer service center. The vermicelli bowl once again came through and made my day. The pork is perfectly cooked but still crispy on the outside with a great smokey flavor. Each table has lots of condiments to spice it up your way.
I challenge anyone to find a more filling per dollar place that includes high quality ingredients made to order, good luck!My fav pho spot in the city, hands down.  I think it's under new ownership - it's been extra clean recently, and they removed the cheesy moving waterfall art from the walls.
Get huge bowls of pho for $6-7 (small or large) with whatever meats you want (I stick to just steak and brisket... though last time some tripe snuck into my bowl, meh).
Not in the mood for pho?  They have really good rice plates or rice vermicelli bowls for under $7.  The BF got a vermicelli bowl to go and the to-go box must have weighed 4+ lbs, no lie!
TIP: cash only, but they have an ATM on the premises.Noodles are my hangover remedy.  They're also my favourite drug.  I come to Pho Ha at least once every two weeks and I have never been disappointed.  The noodle bowls come out within 7 minutes of ordering and the small bowl is too much food to consume at one sitting.  Delicious and easy with excellent people watching opportunities.
Just so you know...make sure you order everything you want when the server is there.  Once you place your order, they do not come back to the table.  This includes water.Gradually trying to navigate our way through the plethora of 4 star Vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia in search of the best.  
We tried the bun bo hue and the beef stew. The bun bo hue had a nice flavor, although was not quite as tangy and spicey as others.  The beef stew was just okay, not as thick as we expected.  The serving of meat in the bun bo hue was quite generous.  
The summer rolls were solid.  
Overall there was nothing to rave about, but then again nothing to complain about.  This was a solid cheap meal ($21 for the two bowls, summer roll and a Vietnamese coffee).  
The service was excellent.  Everything came out super quick.  I'm not opposed to going back but I definitely plan on trying out some of the surrounding restaurants.The eggrolls were a bit salty. The pho broth had a slight sour taste to it. The portions were great and I could see that it was crowded on a Thursday afternoon. Not bad for a pho place on the east coast, wish i had more time to check out the other ones for comparison.I eat here about once a month.  If you're looking for a place with full wait service and a nice restaurant environment, this is not the place.  If you are looking for awesome Pho that is served quickly and without fanfare in a simple cafeteria-type environment, look no further.  I am a conservative Pho eater, generally staying with beef options (I think #1 and #2....steak and flank) at Pho Ha.  Since it's always so good, I find it difficult to break away from these selections and experiment.  The prices are very reasonable for the generous portions served.  I can barely finish the normal size (under $6), but they also offer a large bowl for a dollar more.  Very good value.  If you've never had Pho, I highly recommend Pho Ha as the place to start.A good place for a quick bowl of Pho. The Vegetables are always fresh, and service is lightning speed. Manage tour expectations. The teacups are usually dirty, and the coffee can be warm instead of hot. The atmosphere it's very loud and cafeteria like. The constantly burning incense trapped in the small entry way will smack you the face, but remains in the entrance poised to hit the next batch of prey, rather than following you to your table.My go-to Pho spot. We created a "PHO FRIDAY" celebration just to enjoy this place. Service is speedy, price is low (cash only), and food is a yes! If you're looking for fancy, this isn't the spot, but if you are interested in chill, cheap, and good, then this is your place. Another plus, it's a BYOBAmbiance:  Tons of tables in a large space; an almost cafeteria type feel.  The sound of everyone chatting culminates into a loud hum filling the place.  Not romantic, simply practical.  The place is pretty clean, a wipe down the tables and plastic chairs with a wet rag kind of place.
Service:  The kindness of the waiter really depends on who you get.  They are always very quick to check in and take your order as soon as possible.  I have never had problems, been here about 10 times, until my last visit.  A shorter round faced guy with black hair that was made to spike straight out, was certainly the rudest waiter yet.  He was rude in answering questions and seemed generally annoyed at having to serve people.  I expect general abruptness from any Asian restaurant, but this guy really took it to a new level.
Food:  The food comes out crazy quick.  But if you think about it, the broth stays hot, the noodles are pre cooked and the meat cooks between the time that the broth is poured into the bowl and the bowl arriving at your table.  The broth has a fuller flavor than many pho places I have been at.  The noodles are a little too soft, but not bad.  There is always a ton of meat in the bowl, I go with brisket or white meat chicken.  If you are super hungry, get a regular size bowl.  Reserve getting the large size for those times when your stomach has been prepared for competitive eating only.  Even with the regular size, I often cannot finish the portion.  I find that if I want to continue to go out and about after the meal, I cut myself off half way and ask for a take home container.  The container is almost comical as it is a large styrofoam cup with a plastic lid.  Then again, who am I to judge since it serves its purpose (make sure you have an open cup holder in your car and the cup is not filled to the top making it top-heavy and a risk to fall over).  I also like the summer roll with shrimp, the sauce it comes with is kickin on the rolls and any meat that I pull out of my pho bowl!
Overall:  Despite some recent poor service, I would definitely come back with hopes to not get the same waiter again.  The food is simple and great tasting - just like pho should be.  You cannot beat the price.  
Pro Tip:  I like to walk off the pho fullness by going across the small alley next to the parking lot and walking around the Asian market (most clean and organized Asian market in town!!)Pho Ha has incredible pho. The broth is so flavorful and the portions are enourmous for only $6.50. There is nothing better on a cold day/night than a big hot bowl of pho from Pho Ha!Good and simple. Great pho at a good price. 6.50 for a small bowl that fill the ladies up and the large will made the guys think they're pregnant.  Great choice of meats, you can mix and match and they give you ample amounts of mint, bean sprouts,holy basil, &chillies to put in your soup. Service was very fast.  The cold condensed milk was a nice strong dark roast, almost like in Vietnam. The fresh spring rolls were the right size and both the peanut sauce and nouc mam dipping sauces were excellent. I will be back again and again....I've been coming here for 10 years.  The pho is awesome.  Everything fresh and delicious.  Fastest service and food prep time in history.  
Get the number 2 phi, spring rolls, and French coffee.  Or the shrimp pho... or the vermicelli platters.... aaahhhh it's fn greatThis place is great! My only qualm is that their lemongrass soup broth tasted pretty beefy...as a pescetarian it's always tricky eating Asian food, and if you're stricter than me about accidentally eating meat-based products you might want to avoid this place. Otherwise, the portions were large, served piping hot, and our waiter was friendly and more than willing to make a substitution for my meal so that I could have shrimp (not beef) in lemongrass broth. Both my lemongrass and my boyfriend's beef broth soup definitely had a kick which we enjoyed. And the bean sprouts, lime, jalapeno, basil, and dandelion (I think?) to mix in were fresh. This place was even hopping on a Sunday night, so that's always a good sign!It's good pho. I grew up eating pho made from every single relative near by. Everyone's is different but I can decipher whether a bowl of pho is good or not. The broth they have is actually very good. I like mine hot (spicy) and sour and with ALOT of bean sprouts. and If I had to choose between just the broth or just the noodles, with this place it would definitely be Broth.
I give it a five because food is good, they're fast with service and cleaning up. Great place for a quick bowl of pho.Pho is not as good as they use to be. The food came out fast but the quality could be better.I've been coming here regularly for the past 6 years - they've got everything down to a science. Regularly get the chargrilled porkchops, summer rolls, and an iced coffee. Very consistent food and speedy service.Pho is great. Veggies in Vermicelli Bowl are to chunky, but still very tastyThis is by far my favorite pho place in Philly!
I normally get Pho Tai Nam (flank and steak noodle soup) and occasionally Ga Dac Biet (chicken noodle soup). Their stock is very flavorful, portions are good, and relatively cheap!
For the Pho Tai Nam, I like to add hoisin, sriracha, lime, and basil, while the Ga Dac Biet, I like to add just lime and sometimes basil. These are like condiments so add these to your liking!
They only accept cash though, which is the only downside, but they do have an ATM near their entrance.I haven't been back since the smoking ban went into effect (sure I have), so the side entertainment of watching people shovel food into their mouths between drags is gone, but so is the annoyance of having to sit next to them... I guess I'll have to go back and see which prospect is better.
Either way, the food is great - and the Vietnamese-fare-for-dummies picture menus are a great touch.
When I lived in the neighborhood this was my spot on those nights when I needed a warm soothing meal and was just too lazy to do it myself.PHO.
IT TASTES LIKE REAL PHO. IT'S NOT FO...IT'S NOT FOE...IT'S PHO. 
AND IT'S DELICIOUS. 
Plus there are two different types of Siracha on the table...spice to your liking. Love the hot noodles like they love your mouth. Die happy.Okay pho,  the broth isn't too flavorful but the variety of options available make up for it.  Delicious summer rolls.Excellent pho spot. Went here around lunch time after a heavy night of drinking and it hit the spot. Ordered brisket and steak large. Let me tell you, heaalthy serving size for sure. Added some hoisen sauce and pepper and i was on my way to recovery. 
The meat was definitely tender which was great and the broth delicious. Paired with the spices and added bean sprouts definitely a solid remedy for a hangover. Can i say also dirt cheap?? 5 bucks for a small (which woulda been enough) and 7.50 for the large. Great spot and lively in there as well. CASHONLYThis place is delicious and inexpensive.  The Pho bowls are huge - a small is usually sufficient despite how much I love to drink the broth.  The veggies are fresh and crunchy and provide an excellent complement to the noodles, broth and meat.  Speaking of meat, I rarely order vegetarian dishes, but their Veggie Pho is hearty enough to satisfy even the most ravenous carnivores.  The food comes out fast too, it's the perfect place to go when you're hungry.  Plus they have parking!Pho here always hits the spot. Decently clean place. Fast and friendly. Can't really go wrong with whatever your choice of pho. However, the soup base has a noticeable change in taste now. It isn't as good as it used to be but it's still pretty good.Best pho in the city. Though it is filled with delicious noodles and things, it is the incredibly flavorful broth that is truly the star of the show. I could just drink a bucket of that stuff and I tend to prefer thick soups and stews.I live close by and come here a couple times a month. the pho is flavorful. The service is attentive. The parking is annoying. Well worth the trouble.  The most flavorful pho in Philadelphia.It nearly breaks my heart to betray my beloved Choo Choo at 9th and Race, but I went from working in Midtown Village to working in South Philly, so I've been hitting up Washington Ave. more often.  Pho Ha is hands down the best pho I've ever had and it's been my favorite soup, favorite comfort food, favorite hangover cure, favorite cure wtf-all for at least 10 years running.  The broth is ridiculous.  Clearly long simmered and so brilliantly nuanced that I can manage a bowl without even picking up the sriracha (and this is coming from someone who goes though a big bottle a month, easy).  No, it's not super clean.  No, it's not fancy.  Yes, they only accept cash.  Yes, I once ordered iced tea and they gave me a can of sweetened Lipton (ugh).  No, they don't have an extensive menu and no, I've never even ordered anything else.  Pho is kind of like pizza for me - even when it's not great, it's still kind of ok.  But this is transcendent.  In addition to the broth, the noodles are always perfect and the condiments are plentiful.  I'm sorry to admit I still go for good ol' beginners pho tai and the meat is perfection.  I seriously can not imagine any better.Best pho outside of your Mother's kitchen. Cheap prices for huge portions. The broth is as close as it gets to authentic. The service is quick, and the other dishes of bun is pretty decent compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. Lets be honest, when you want pho, and you want your food. You want it quick. This is the place. Plus, you get to go shopping right after, across the street to get some banh miI go here every weekend and consider myself one of the "locals."
For the price, nothing beats $6.00 pho. Service is quick and efficient, but don't expect a handsome decor.
It's byo, but i would be mindful that this place isn't the type to have a long sit-down dinner. I definitely think it's a 20-30 minute power lunch with noodle soup.This place was quick, easy and so delicious! We were seated and served immediately in a cafeteria style setting. We spend $20 for 2 people for two LARGE bowls of pho. We'll definitely be coming back.CASH ONLY!  Please keep that in mind.  That said, it's probably the best pho I've had in the general area.  It's well balanced between the broth and the meats.  My kids LOVE the chicken pho.  Pork chops here are quite good as well.
Be advised, the bathroom is third-worldish, so make sure you don't have to actually use it before you get there.Pho Ha? Pho sho!
Screw you March. With your rainy days and cold breezes, I'm leaving you for April.
The remedy? One bowl of steak pho from Pho Ha.
Seated and ordered immediately. And in lighting fast time, my bowl of pho was served. Steaming, well flavored broth with perfect noodles and a whole cow's worth of beef is good for what ails you (in my case a rather bothersome tequila hangover). The side accoutrements are always fresh and just enough to satisfy this chopstick wielding girl. And with enough soup to feed a militia, I always take the leftovers to eat later.
Have had the summer rolls too (delish) and want to try out the rest of their menu at some stage. Oh and their tea is tasty.
Best. Six. Dollars. Spent. Ever.
The Nomasaurus-rex is satisfied once again. Take that March.Anyone who thinks this place deserves more than 2 stars has not eaten good Pho. If all you want is fast and cheap then it's fine but with that you get poor service and bland food. For the very first time in all my Pho eating days, I did not finish my Pho. It tasted like hot water poured over some meat, none of the complex flavors I'm used to in even average Pho joints. No amount of Siracha or hoysin could save it.
My wife had the Com Ca Ri Ga. She asked for it to be spicy. The response was "No". While the chicken itself was tasty, the curry was more like stew. 
Pick any other Pho joint in the neighborhood and you are sure to do better.BEST PHO I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!
The broth was so rich, there was no flavor overwhelming the rest (this happens often), and the Sriracha blended so well! The noodles were bountiful and the perfect texture, and the flank/steak combo I chose was PERFECT. I was in heaven for a good half hour, slurping away and sniffling from the spice. 
I thought it was a great omen that the restaurant was packed with Vietnamese folk. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their meals, and when a place is packed to the brim in a Vietnamese mall with several other pho options, you know the place has to be good. 
If you're searching for a pho joint with ambiance, you're not hitting up the right place. I'm not even sure that there is such a place! It's tacky, the bathrooms are kind of lacking in toilet paper, and the waitstaff are very brisk. Their efficiency makes up for their lack of emotion, and you forget they even existed until it's time to pay tip. I am definitely planning a trip here every two weeks just to fill my stomach with this glorious soup (and maybe to hit up some Making Time parties). 
I LOVE YOU PHO HA!!!!!Better Vietnamese food than you can get in NYC, let alone in Philly's Chinatown. So... much... pho! It's a good deal. Worth the trek from Center City. Or in my case, Queens.Love love love the pho here. The varieties and even the rice dishes are fantastic. The mix of people that come here is awesome. Locals, college kids, out of towners all enjoying a big bowl of steamy, fresh and delicious pho.Revisited this place with a friend. The pho definitely is good, probably one of the best in Philadelphia. I like how their menu says "add fatty meat and tendon to flavor the broth". That's a pretty nice touch. :) I got my usual: everything...tendon, tripe, flank, fatty flank, brisket, etc. This time the meat was prefect thickness. Also this time, I got their "small", which isn't small by any means, and it was definitely more enjoyable than trying to finish the large by myself. Good stuff. Oh, and did I mention easy parking? Just come into the shopping mall and pull into the parking spot...no need to circle around looking for parking in one of the busiest and congested parking lots in Philadelphia (the vietnamese shopping mall at 11th and Washington)This has literally got to be the best pho I've ever had besides home cooked pho. Service is minimal but it's usually like that with Asian establishments I've noticed.. Not sure why. Besides the pho, the vermicelli bowl is good too. Their 'small' size pho is like a regular and their large size can literally feed three people! I highly recommend this place if you're in Philly.Fast, inexpensive, yet delicious. I got a large bowl of tao, chin, nam, gau (my usual custom order) and HUGE bowl of pho with tasty broth, plenty of noodles and meat, as well as bean sprouts and fresh Thai basil on the side. I was nearly unable to finish the whole bowl, which is unusual for me! The fried spring roll and avocado smoothie were also quite good.
I consider this a reasonable alternative to Pho 75 which is just a few blocks down Wash ave. 4 yelp starsI love pho and vietnamese food in general, and could definitely eat it all the time, but I've been on a particular bender lately going multiple times a week.  Perhaps it's the cold weather, perhaps it's knowing that your belly is going to be full on very little money.  Whatever the reason, Pho Ha is always a great bet for tasty and hearty vietnamese at extremely affordable prices.  It's one of my faves out of all the pho spots in Philly.  The portions are large, the pho is great, and their broken rice plate with grilled chicken is pretty much one of the best things you'll ever eat in your life.  It's hands down the best dish they serve.  The place is no frills, although they do have some crazy paintings on the walls.  Prices are low, the food comes out super fast, and you will leave happy.  Cash only though, so beware!Went for lunch for pho. Good pho with fast service.
Good amount with good price. Not a fancy, but good place for fast in & out.I've been here a ton of times over the years (easily into the triple digits) and can't stop going back for more. The best pho broth anywhere in Philly - most flavor & MSG for your buck. If being too flavorful was a crime, this broth is a repeat offender. A few years ago the broth temporarily lost its charm and we started going to Pho Saigon for a few months, but when we returned the Pho Ha was as great as ever and somehow upped its flavor game (more white chili powder?). Approximately 98% of the time I've had pho in the past 2 years it's been here and wouldn't even think about going elsewhere.
They did a recent reno and the bathrooms are improved. Prices have gone up slightly but still can get stuffed on a bowl of Pho for $10 including tip. The vermicelli is great too, especially the grilled pork & 2 shrimp one (yes, it is exactly 2 shrimp). Summer/spring rolls are nothing special here but who has room for that when the large bowl noodles can feed a slightly undersized giant?
If I sound like an addict I'm not the only one - several friends share the same problem - just can't say no to pho.Super cheap and definitely fast. The pho itself is good but not great. The broth was nice but not very flavorful and the chicken was fine but more like deli-meat chicken, so dissapointing. However, the noodles were pretty darn good so that's a definitely plus. I will probably try one of the other thousand pho places in Philly before settling on this one.I've been coming here for four years with friends. I've tried a couple other places, but this is easily the best. It's only $5 for a small bowl and it's more than enough of a serving! I love coming here and will continue to in the future.That's it, I'm officially done. You drew me in many times in the past, I even proclaimed my love for you in my review. Why is it you must hurt the ones you love so much?
I knew you when you were the little upstart in a plaza with two other pho shops, and helped you along until you stood atop South Philly as the lone heir to the pho throne. My family has come to you early and often, and many a friend have been sent to you.
And now you spit on my face and act as if we never knew each other. I came in with a friend, and we sat. That's it, we just sat. We know what we want, we always get the same dish; pho with steak, brisket, and flank [sometimes meat balls when I'm feeling particularly fancy]. After five minutes, the lunch rush hit and the place went from having a dozen people in its seat nearly filled in a matter of moments.
It then became apparent that you don't want me around anymore. A server went to a table that sat right by us immediately after they sat down. A waiter was taking the order of a party of 12 that just finished taking off their coats. I waved to a waiter, and he proceeded to walk towards us... and stop at the table next to us that too just sat down.
Everyone was getting served but us. Dead fucking last when we arrived first by a large margin and sat and watched while every other person was attended to. That's it Pho Ha, you can take your shitty broth and pour it right up your asshole. The novelty of crappy service at a Vietnamese restaurant wore through its last thread that afternoon, and you'll sooner see me throw a brick through your window than to have me sit in that shit hole you call a restaurant.my husband and i have been here several times during our short time in philadelphia.  this is a familiar california chain so the husband was happy to find it.  
ample seating and feels clean.  sometimes too clean where it smells like cleaning products....i guess that's better than the smell of grease.
my husband always gets the pho when he goes.  he leaves a happy man.
i always get the vermacelli bowl w/ pork and spring rolls.
i also like getting the vietnamese drinks there.  i like the pink one w/ the jelly.  love it!!  
portions are good and price is inexpensive.  when we want good/tasty food w/out paying a fortune for the restaurants in rittenhouse sq, this is our go-to place.
we're curious about pho 75 since we used to go to a pho75 in arlington, va quite frequently and will try that on our next trip out there!I don't know much about pho, but I really enjoyed the food here.  I had pho with shrimp and beef.
FYI it's cash only.  There is an ATM.SO....My friend took me to this restaurant, that I've never been to, that she absolutely loves. And i couldn't understand why at first, but now i do. First of all, you would think that the prices would be a little higher than usual, because the food is of good quality. i love the chop sticks. Yes, it was the first time I use them. The portions are huge, which is really good, cause you get to take home more than half of what you ordered and still be full....This is, by far, the best Pho in the city (in taste and cleanliness). I would say this is 99%cleaner than the other Pho restaurants, I feel comfortable eating and using the restrooms here lol I always get the large because it's only like a 50 cent difference from the small and the Pho comes out pretty quickly.Yes, I'm a fan.
After tasting nearly every pho place in Philly, I still think that Pho Ha (in this specific location) has the best Pho in town. With Pho, it's all about the broth and Pho Ha has a clear, condensed broth. Order #44 which comes with the tastiest flank, tendons, tripes and briskets. Instead of clouding the soup with chili and hoisin sauce, diners would benefit more from putting a few slices of jalapeno, torn basil leaves and a squeeze of lime to produce a subtle spiced broth. 
For the less adventurous, or for the ones who's less inclined to noodle soups, try #23 or #24. The popular rice dishes which comes with a lemongrass infused grilled chicken or grilled pork chop. They are both perfectly grilled to retain the meat's juiciness. Perfect for kids. And if you have a big appetite, do try their spring or summer rolls. Personally I love the summer rolls with delicate rice flour wrappings, vermicelli, pork and shrimps inside. I love shrimps and it's lower in calories. But occasionally the deep fried spring rolls hit a certain spot.
If you've never had a Vietnamese coffee before, you should definitely try one. For the more adventurous, try a coconut drink with fresh coconut that's not for everyone but the discerning few, an iced red bean drink with vaporized milk that is bound to please almost everyone or a Chinese fortified drink which is a mixed of nuts and dried fruits which people believe are good for you. 
It's not all rosy, the place can be a lot cleaner and less chaotic, but you're not paying for the decor or service, even though they are indeed friendly. The bathrooms are not in their best shapes and they close a bit too early. The prices are great though. They do use MSG which makes the food taste excellent but gives me breathing troubles especially in winter but hey, I'll still eat there even if it kills me.I really can't count the number of times that I have been here and this is the first time that I have written a review about it.  Definitely hands down the best Pho in Philly.  I have never walked into the place where there has been a wait to sit down and I hope that I never do.  They seat you right away and then 2 minutes later will take your order.  Let's be clear this place is a Pho place so that is what I come for.  I almost always get the steak, flank, and fatty flank large bowl which runs your a shade over $6.00.  You get a huge bowl of pho for that it is pretty glorious.  You can't go wrong with this place and just writing this review makes me want to grab some on the way home.  Definitely a great spot to eat, come and enjoy.  (Note it is Cash Only but there is an ATM inside the place)Best pho in Philadelphia, no question. I've tried at least five different Vietnamese restaurants up and down Washington Ave, in Chinatown and even out in the burbs. You want a great bowl of pho, go here.
The broth is always perfectly balanced, and they'll bring you extra basil and veggies if you ask nicely. 
After you finish your bowl (the small is huge if you've never been here. The large is big enough to bathe in), head across 6th Street to the grocery store and grab some ingredients to make your own pho.Great pho - a little less flavorful than I've had elsewhere but good. Rated high in my book: prices were good, service was very fast, ingredients were fresh.I've been going here since I was a small child. Now I've got kids of my own and I bring them here. It's cheap and very family friendly. The waiters have never given me any trouble and neither does the bill. Would recommend as a cheap bite you could grab with your family.Loved the broth, food came out minutes after we ordered and it was fresh and delicious for such a cheap price.  Only complaint is that once they serve you, they don't come back to refill water or check on you, but otherwise delicious.
Place is in a strip mall, not the cleanest of places, bustling but plenty of tables and adequate staff.  There is a misprint on the menu for number 11 - that's the brisket, not steak (looks like a repeat of number 5, in case you were curious).  Def easier to get to and park than chinatown.First time here and was not sure what to expect as I think there are many reviews that are mixed.  For me, I like to base where I go from yelp ratings and then scrolling down various reviews to see how closely they are tied to the actually rating, which is why I say mixed reviews.  
Came around 2pm on a Sunday and was full of people which to me is an absolute plus!
Ordered the bun thit nuong cha gio (grilled pork over vermicelli noodles with spring roll) and a sinh to mit (jack fruit smoothie) drink.  Came to me almost instantaneous.   Food was very good.  Didn't have a group of people with me with lot's of various foods so can't rate overall quality, but I would certainly order the same thing again.
I will definitely be back to try the pho as that seemed to be the main staple everyone else was having, and, well...
...it is named Pho Ha! haha :-)I'd give this place 5 stars for the pho itself as it's completely authentic and fiilling. However, the interior is pretty gross and I can never stand to be there for more than 10 minutes before feeling like I need hand sanitizer and clorox wipes to clean the tables and chairs. So, with that said, if you go, just know that you'll get a great meal for a great price but without any sort of ambience whatsoever. The interior is dirty and resembles a cafeteria, just an FYI!I've tried about 85% of the restaurants in Philly that has Pho on the menu. A vast majority of reviewers claim Pho Ha to have the best broth/best pho in the city, and their hands are down, too!
In my opinion, Pho Ha is a great Pho restaurant, but the best Pho (especially Pho Tai) is 6 blocks up, at Pho 75.
I feel initial reactions on your first bite/sip/slirp of any food lets you know how good it is (for you). In my mind, I was ready to be blown away. When the large bowl came out, I brought the bowl closer to me and sniffed the broth. After cleaning the spoon with a napkin, I dipped it in the broth and took a sip.
My eyes didn't light up. I didn't say "OO YUMMMY" or more importantly, the big w "WOW!" Instead, I nodded and had a semi sour expression on my face. It got better when I added the lime, basil, hoison sauce and sriracha. 
This pho is really good (my friend boy says it tasted like what his grandma used to make) which makes sense for why so many people love the pho and Pho Ha.
So to end this review, I would say Pho Ha shouldn't be missed. But if you went to Philly and you weren't able to go here, it's okay, there's always next time.Crowded and busy but with extremely fast service. 
Fast, not necessarily good. 
Extremely inexpensive.
Not a place to sit and linger, maybe get it to go.
The small bowl is a misnomer. It's really two meals in one.
Are those chopsticks really sanitary?
Great bowl of steaming soup - add the fresh basil and hot sauce. 
Yes, that meat in the steak pho really is cooked. 
If you're adventurous, try the tripe, fatty flank, and tendons.
I'm not that adventurous.It's always nice to bump with a good restaurant. Pho was great, five stars for soup and beaf without any hesitation. Somehow chicken wasn't with full taste. Appetizers, spring and summer rolls, were great.There's a reason why I've eaten pho here more times than any other location I've been to COMBINED.  The pho here is simply consistent.  It's the place where I take newbies to try Pho, and the place where my friends and I default to.  This location has always been very popular on the weekends, particularly around the lunch hour.  As a result, I've noticed the broth become stretched out a little and tastes slightly blander.  It's really the only time(s) I don't visit and try to branch out to other spots.  But when I do that I feel like I'm cheating on Pho Ha.  Oh my, so many emotions.After a couple of days of meat, bread and potatoes, my taste buds were SCREAMING for something Asian. Thank you fellow Yelpers for leading me to this incredible pho find!
Now keep in mind that I have pho almost once a week so I am fussy as hell when it comes to pho. After flatly telling them that I would rather eat my shoe than have another "western" meal, my friends and I piled into a taxi and made our way to Pho Ha. On a random note, we were surprised to see a strip mall with like six or seven other Vietnamese restaurants.
The best thing about this place? The customization of your pho. Holy crap! Move over Burger King, this place does "Have it your way" right! You can choose how fatty you want your broth, the herbs, the garnishes and more. Like I thought pho was pretty customizable (yes, it is a word...) to begin with, but I have never seen it done like this! I got the large pho tai with a side order of meat and the fatty broth, and you can imagine my surprise when they brought me a small bowl of rendered beef fat on the side to go with my pho. When you ask for fatty broth, that is what you get. The broth was great, the meat was fresh and tender (I eat it basically raw so when I say it is tender, it is), and the broth was heavenly.
No MSG headache at the end of the meal and they service was STUPIDLY quick. Two bowls of Pho and two pork chop dishes came out in what seemed like two minutes (O_O) If I ever get back to Philly, I will be sure to come here again ^_^