wait was long but it was new years day. the pho GA was good, the beef could have been better... a primary dish that should speak for the restaurant, did not perform. Service was horrible... asked for ice coffee 3 times from three different employees and still never got our ice coffee. we somehow managed to get two cokes for the price of one. ! 
ADVICE: Know what you want before you order cause you will not get a second chance to order anything else! 
Pgo GA broth was delish though....I'm pretty stoked about finding yet another great pho place locally! I popped in here for lunch with my friend yesterday and was quite happy. The pho tastes like pretty much any other I've ever had, which is delicious. The price was right at $7.50 for a large beef pho. 
My friend ordered barbecue chicken and graciously let me try some. I was surprised with how delicious it was. I don't usually eat bbq anything since I find it dry and terrible. But this somehow retained its juiciness and was so good. 
This spot has officially earned a place on my pho rotation!Best pho around. Pho 75 wishes their broth had this much depth. If you have an ironic mustache and like to pretend you knew everything first, eat at 75. If you're a normal, functioning member of society that has the ability to make up your own mind, head to Saigon. All steak phos and the bun bo hue are awesome. This is one of the best yelp reviews ever.The place usually fills up by noon time with a long wait. So get there early if you don't want to wait. Service is spotty, somehow they seem to forget you after they gave you the menu and tea. Twice now we have to get their attention before someone stop by to take our orders. 
But if you let the service put you off, then you miss out on some good pho. The chicken pho is very good. I always have the dark meat with skin on which is much more flavorful than the white meat. The ben bo hue is excellent, not too spicy but enough to make you sweat a little. Big chunk of pigs feet! The mix beef pho was also very good with lots of meat and flavorful broth. 
After a bowl of that yummy pho, you can go shopping at the mall or better yet go home and take a nap. 
Lots of parking, so that is a plus.This is one of the spots in philly I enjoy on a regular basis because the food is great, big menu, and the service is fast as lightning. Yeah its a little bit out of the way but if I were to go anywhere else in the city Id have to take an uber/lyft or pay for parking, but seeing as how it is  not in center city FREE PARKING. The pho is great. I really cant knock it. I had their flan and I didnt know it was a coffee flavored flan so that knocked socks off me in a good way. Overall this is a great spot for pho if youre willing to drive to it.Fabulous.  
I'm a long-time adherent to Pho Hoa, but the soup here is just a little bit better: the beef broth is a tad more toothsome, the bean sprouts are slightly snappier; and the noodles are just more slurpable.  If only it wasn't tucked in a strip mall on Columbus and within walking distance of my house!Pho Saigon is the closest Pho Joint to my house and I have adopted it with open arms.  They do a really nice job, the restaurant itself is clean and contemporary, the service is efficient and to the point (as with most pho joints... These folks don't mess around....) And I always go with number 70, and the broth is tasty and makes me sufficiently sleepy when I get home.  My boyfriend likes it spicy and goes with #44 and always leaves a sweaty mess.  They have more parking that all the chaos on Washington Ave or in China town.  Spring rolls are great too! The TV's always have the games on too.  Can't go wrong with Pho Saigon!Overall, Pho Saigon is a an affordable Vietnemese restaurant with all the traditional things you will love. It does not really step outside of the realms of the run of the mill vietnemese restaurants; however, you will get quick service with high quality food at an affordable price. 
The FAPS Breakdown:
Food Quality - The food was pretty spectacular for the price. I ordered the Com Tam Thit Nuong Dac Biet (Broken Rice Combo: Charbroiled Pork, Shredded Pork, Egg Quiche & Omele) and my buddy got the same thing but the pork chop. Both were excellent. The pork was well seasoned and grilled and had a lot of flavor. The egg quiche had some vermicelli noodles in the inside which gave it a weird look, but it was pretty bomb. The "omelet" is just a fried egg over the rice, great side but dont expect a mom and pops ole fashioned omelet at this vietnemese restaurant.... you should probably go to a diner for that. 
Ambiance - Big open space great for casual lunch/dinner with a small or big group. The restaurant is a little out of the way from the main hussle and bussle of philadelphia. Its located at a strip mall by the water front so you will have easy parking. There are usually a decent amount of people here although I wouldnt expect a line. 
Price - $-$$ seemed appropriate for this restaurant. Had some solid entrees at a good price and we were pleasantly surprised by the great price for the food. 
Service - Classic Vietnamese restaurant, they wont spend any time for idle chit chat, youre here to eat and they are there to help you accomplish that goal. Food arrived quickly after ordering and the waiters were very attentive.Fresh 
Delicious
Phos good
Better than pho 75
If it matters. I'm part Viet and have traveled to Vietnam just to taste their pho so I can return to tell you how close pho Saigon comes to Vietnam's pho but falls just short. This restaurant deserves no less than four stars. F the service. F the location. F whatever. I'm here for food damn it and its good here. 
This is the word on the street. 
By
Viet BoyOne of my favorite Pho spots to go to.  The place is clean, parking is convenient, and the food is pretty good too.  I especially love their beef stew pho.  The stewed beef just melts in your mouth, it is so tender and yummy.This was our go to Pho place for two years until we moved.  Service is quick, food is great and it's priced right.  The summer roles are awesome too.  I could drink the peanut sauce alone.All I have to say is I am addicted to Pho.  #70 Small...3rd time this week!It is a great, fast service, large quantity place!  Summer rolls and pho are great. Broken rice dishes very good. Bathrooms are updated and clean. Love it for a fast place to eat good lunch. Not too fancy but great.If i can, i would like to give negative  stars for this place. Came here with my family today, really bad service. We waited for long time to get order ( few employees just stand there and talk ) and we had to wave at them couple times to get their attention for asking glass of water ( i was sure they saw and ignored us ). Ohhh And we finally got our water after we finished our foods.  The foods were an oki , not impressed. Not recommended to anyone and never come back again.I was feeling a little under weather so I was craving a nice bowl of pho.  We quickly found parking in their huge lot (yay!) & walked in.  This place is deceptively large -- I thought it would be a small little pho spot.  Once we walked in, it was packed with people which was def a good sign.  It feels like an Asian cafeteria in there -- bustling with talk & good food, very casual.  The counter is also packed with fresh fruits.
We had the #60 & 61 with an extra side of meat.  I had the small but I would def get the large next time or extra noodles.  The broth was just right & def soothed the cold-like symptoms I had caught over the weekend.
Looking around the other tables, there were many people ordering dishes besides pho & they looked absolutely amazing -- def need to come back and try them out.  Also, the smoothie machine was churning non stop the whole time -- another must try for me when I return.Light and quick vietnamese food. I think this place makes the best banh coun (rice noodle wrap with ground pork and black eared mushrooms). The pho is good too. The service here is fast. Get you in and out. lol. I like an easy place to eat at sometimes and this is my to go place for great quick vietnamese food.so much cleaner than other pho' places. Quick and courteus service too. Broth isn't overpowering either. Also easy/free parking & did I mention it's next to a beer dist.?!This is my go-to spot in Philadelphia for a good bowl of pho.  I go for the pho tai chin and it hits the spot every time. The broth is tasty, the bowls huge (even the small) and overall the place comes across as clean.  I docked a star for the springrolls which I don't love (maybe they're too thick? but they always come across as a bit mushy, or maybe I'm spoiled by the place I go to in Cherry Hill - seriously! - that has DELICIOUS spring rolls.).  The summer rolls are tasty though.  I do still have to make it to some of the other pho places, but I find it comparable to Pho Ha, only without having to question whether I'm going to get food poisoning.  And the service is good too! Win.My boyfriend and I love Pho and try out many places. This place was not bad but it was not anything special. The flavor if their soups is a little bland for it being a soup place. It is always crowded. Staff is attentive. The place smells very strongly if their cleaning products. Parking is easy.I thought I really had a good spot for Pho and any noodle dish that fit my fancy but I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Came here for lunch with a colleague and the food, service and atmosphere was great.  Number 49 beef noodle dish with lettuce and fish sauce.. YUM very tasty and SUPER QUICK service.  Have been back about 5 times since. Brilliant every time!Finally, a place I can go to besides Pho Ga Thanh Thanh Cafe.  I would rank this second to them but the pho is very good here. There is a bigger menu and I mixed it up by ordering the Bun Bo Hue which was decent. I am a pho and BBH fanatic so.. for Philly Vietnamese food standards, this place is definitely 5 stars. BF's pho broth was superbly balanced and my BBH was overflowing with meat that super hit the spot. I wish the broth was hotter (it has to be boiling hot for me!) and the bf swears it usually is the other times that he's been here. I loved my vietnamese iced coffee which tasted like coffee ice cream to me. We also ventured out and tried the durian smoothie which was super delicious if you can tolerate durian. I wish I could take my parents from Cali here to try that smoothie. The service is really good and despite the exciting world cup game on the huge flat screen TVs the waiters were very attentive.
Spacious and super clean place. It was a nice happy crowd enjoying the world cup game over some noodle soup.This is my usual pho restaurant. I will usually pay extra for the "rare meat"/sliced steak as opposed to the typical sliced flank, & I always order it uncooked/on the side, as opposed to it already cooking/well done in the soup. If I'm feeling particularly fat, then I'll also ask for a small bowl of "oiled onions/scallions"(not sure of the English translation of it) to fatten up my bowl of steak pho! :D
The only reason that I did not give this (or most other Asian restaurants) the full five stars is because of the MSG that's used in most Asian restaurants. If I can ever find a restaurants that cooks like my parents (no MSG), then I will consider giving it five stars.I've had Pho many places and this is still one of my favs, my wife can be a little picky but always gives this place 5 stars. There fixings are the best.Yay! I'm a fan. Great pho!!!! Definitely must try if you haven't done so and are now craving a hot bowl of soup with delicious broth! Yum... =) It's served hot (temperature-wise) and flavorful. A perfect dinner for a cold night in the winter.
(side note: Other places give boring peppermint candy, but this place has something else.  I noticed they had dum dums lollipops near the cashier free for customers of course. I like dum dums. Another thing I like about this place.)we used to come here a lot but lately service has been pretty crap. i ordered a to-go and they forgot to add in the vegetables and the other meal was missing all the seafood and stuff that was suppose to go into the soup. So i called them to let them know and all she said was "oh... okay sorry, bye" haha... like, ok?- can i come get the rest of the meal i paid for? no? 
but food is pretty tasty! just dont get to go's i guess!Pho-king awesome. The beef is fresh, the noodles are soft, the broth doesn't taste salty. Adding hoisin and sriracha sauce takes it to the next level. The restaurant is clean and is much bigger than what it appears from the outside and could fit large groups. The service is also super fast.This is one of our top Vietnamese spots with  authentic food and friendly service.  I'm really not use to having both!  We come here  often and there is sometimes a wait but they get you in pretty fast.  I just hate waiting but when the food is that good....I'd wait the few mins! 
Last time we came we ordered the bun bo hue and my daughter had the pho with meat ball and fish ball.  It may sound weird but the fish ball is so tasty...I don't know why they don't carry it everywhere. What's up with that?!!  
This time the meal was pretty good but we found ourselves adding all the extra sauces.  Most time we come here we really never had to....maybe it was an off day.  The waiters are so attentive and friendly that I will definitely be heading back sometimes soon.  The food is always solid so I know it will be worth it to come back.Dined here twice so far.  Got a standard grilled pork rice dish.  Pretty good, I think I still prefer Nam Phoungs.  On my latest trip here I decided to try the pho.  I ordered a large with raw eye of round on the side, they brought out a small, no big deal it still filled me up.  The broth tasted a little bland and came out hot, not boiling hot like how Pho should be served regardless of how hot it is outside.  As soon as I added the bean sprouts, herbs and beef, the broth cooled considerably.  
Definitely wont be ordering pho here again.  ill stick with Pho HaAs long as I stick to my usually PHO GA, i'm good. not a fan of noodles so I always ask for half the normal portion size of the noodles that comes with pho. 
The ambience is like an average pho joint. Come here for a quick bowl of goody.Nice place, great parking, food was amazing pho had a good portion of beef and broth.I usually go to Nam Phung but parking in that plaza requires a miracle on Sundays, and so I came to Pho Saigon. The portions are bigger. I believe their smaller bowl is almost equivalent to other pho places' large bowl. The broth had too much cilantro that covered its true taste, so it makes me think they put MSG. 
I have to say the service was super fast and we were attended to right away and received our food within 10 minutes. The price and potions are great! I would come back here again if I were in a hurry and hungry!One of the best pho places i've tried in Philadelphia.  Great value, amazing flavors, and fresh vegetables.I didn't know I was getting sub-par meat in my pho until I came here and tasted how it's supposed to be.  Now I'm spoiled.
Definitely in my top 3 pho destinations.  Why?  Tons of meat, noodles, and fixings, to the point that you have to be really careful not to spill as you mix up your perfect bowl.  Fresh, flavorful ingredients that leave you at or near food nirvana when you finally stop inhaling whatever's in front of you.  Quick, pleasant service and great prices.  Sure, it's a little further away than most of the pho places in the city, but it's totally worth the trip.Great service, staff very friendly. I ordered take out. Broken Rice and Pork Chop. Delicious. Will definitely come back and it's literally around the corner #winningThis place has the authentic pho. The food is really delicious and the price is not expensive. Highly recommended if you want to try Vietnam food~The worst Vietnamese place I've been to in Philadelphia.  I stopped by recently and ordered a seafood pho (soup) to go. 
When I arrived home, I realized they had given me soup, noodles and a four miniscule pieces of seafood.  For that they charged me $12.  
I then called the restaurant and spoke to the Manager, he admitted they over-charged me but did not offer to compensate for the food in any way...nor refund what they overcharged me.
To add insult to injury (along with poor customer service and a terrible business), the food was AWEFUL!   Avoid this place.  There are much better places on Washington, just up the street.Love this place, the pho is so tasty, it comes out very fast and its so cheap!Love it! Cleanest pho restaurant in S. Philly, best broth. Broken rice is awesome, and they have bubble tea , taro is my favorite! Also I saw them making an avocado shake, I will try it next time I'm there!!I love to go to Pho saigon. The restaurant is always well prepared and clean. The workers are really kind. And, I think the prices are reasonable. Foods are clean and delicious:-) My favorite is the no.60!I've never even bothered to look at this place twice, but after eating there today, I'm pretty sure I'm a believer! I ordered a pho tai, & the pho broth was clean & tasted great before I added any sauces into it. I hate when the pho is so steaming hot that you can't even taste the soup without burning your tongue, but this was not the case. The pho was at the perfect temperature not too hot, not too cold. The noodle to meat ratio was also dead on. The staff was attentive, & were speedy with their service.  I will definitely be coming back here! This had to be one of the quickest, most filling & yummy lunches yet.I order pork chop pho and they charge me for the price of a regular pho $8.50 and a side order of pork chop for $4 extra dollars. Wtf? No other pho restaurant does that. It should be a regular pho price, like if I order seafood pho or beef pho etc.The only place I go to for Pho in Philly. Service is ok but food is good. $10 minimum if you use your card.I used to love this place. Till the horrible happened. We got to Pho Saigon at 9AM on Saturday. Staff was still setting up and lagging. After we placed our order, I found a bug and killed it on my chinese zodiac table setting...Yes all restaurants have bugs and it didn't bother me at first. Then we got all our food at an orderly time and as we're eating there is a cockroach crawling on our table. The only thing I could think was where did this cockroach come from. My food? Under the table? From the ceiling? HMM shucks. Well that just ruined my appetite.........BEST PHO' EVER!! Need I say more?? NO other Pho' location beats the Pho' here. They are not CHEAP, they give you PLENTY of meat, noodles for a good price. On top of this, it's even very tasty. I try to come here when i'm in the mood for pho. I always leave with a satisfied, full stomach.I found the broth of the pho at this place not that good. There's always a slight difference to the flavor of the broth depending on the restaurant. I'm no chef and I don't know if the flavor is because there is too much star anise or allspice or whatever spices they put, but the broth taste shallower. By that I mean pho broths are usually really flavorful and you can really taste the beef infused into the soup, but this place's broth seems to be lacking in that and is more like salty water. Only upside is that the price of the pho is pretty good, and the pho is decent if you arent that picky.This is probably the best pho place in Philly. Their pho broth is always deep in flavor, pho noodles are cooked right, they provide the right amount of pho and meat to broth and it's always a tasty experience. Other than pho they serve up numerous of traditional Vietnamese dishes like goi cuon, com suon, bun thit nuong, hu tieu, banh xeo and plenty of desserts; Che. The place is overall clean and the big windows bring in plenty of light. It's conveniently located in a shopping center with plenty of parking slots. The servers are always friendly. My go-to spot for pho in Philly. So why the 3 stars? It simply isn't better than my mom's! Haha! 
For the ultimate pho experience set up a small dish provided by the chopsticks and spoons and fill it with half hoisin and half sriracha sauce, either dip your meat in the sauce or use your chopsticks to pick up sauce and smear it on the spoonful of pho noodles, meats and herbs then consume!Stopped here for lunch while in the area on a cold Monday afternoon and loved it! 
My experience with pho has, in general, been rather limited. But it's now solidly fixed as one of my all-time favorite foods.  
This place is in a strip mall, but don't let that scare you away. The dining area is generous (so good for groups) and pleasantly minimal in its decor (sparse without feeling like a cafeteria) and the staff was courteous and prompt, and patient when dealing with our indecisive table.  
I ordered the "small" version of the Pho Bo (beef), which turned out to be quite a large serving. I walked in starving and sadly could not finish my bowl. And I felt healthy in stuffing myself full of this pho - the meat was identifiable and not scary, the broth robust and the various add-ins were fresh, crisp. The condiment selection on the table was key - I was able to personalize the spiciness of my dish with range of chilli sauces. And they were continually refilling the condiment containers. An attention to detail that I appreciate. 
I was very impressed with Pho Saigon and very much looking forward to my next visit.The parking lot and the clean, high ceiling dining room make this place a clear favorite for my pho fix. The broken rice dishes were good as well. Vietnamese coffee is the cherry on top.
However, I don't understand the dipping sauce for the summer rolls. I'm used to my traditional peanut sauce with Sriracha! :(I love this place! The food is so good, the service is great, and the staff is super nice. I can't say enough good things about this place! If you are look for authentic Vietnamese pho you can't go wrong with them! There summer rolls are the best around!This is my spot for authentic pho and Vietnamese food. My family always go to Pho Saigon whenever we want a decent and authentic bowl of pho. The broth is very flavorful. Other dishes on the menu is fair game. You will not disappointed when you eat here. 
The poace can get very busy during peak hours and on the weekends but the wait is never longer than 10 minutes. The servers are veryquick, friendly and accomodating. As for the drinks, I love their smoothies especially avocado and durian (you either hate it or love it with Durian). They have the best Vietnamese iced coffee in South Philly! The flavor is strong but you can still taste the sweetness afterward. If you are advenurous and want to give it a modern twist, add jelly to the drink :)
I never had any negative experiences here and this place will remain my go-to spot for pho and other vietnamese dishes. I would recommend this place to anyone cause it's that good!!Great service. Everyone was very friendly. Delicious food for great price. I am looking forward to come back and try other tasty  things on the menu. Great place to spend with friends and family.This used to be the BEST Vietnamese noodle place around the area! I've been coming here for almost 5years now, the price for a large bowl of noodle was less than 7 dollars then. There's been SEVERAL price increases but that didn't stop me from coming here because their noodle was worth every penny I spend. Unfortunately today will be my last time patronizing this place. I paid 11 dollars for what I ordered but on the menu it says 10.10? Maybe it's because today was a holiday? They also cut back on the meat too, now you get about half of what they used to serve. I understand the price increases due to higher expenses and all but why increase on price and decrease on proportion? This place is no longer worth my 25 minute drive anymore.The food here is mediocre. It's not great nor is it bad, it's about average . Fast service and great place to eat if you want to be in and out.OMG is this place the bomb. Feel in love with their pho.  Their eggrolls could of been better.  There spring roll was good but I will be back just for their yummy pho. The wait staff is a hit or miss. Sometimes you get someone great than other times you get someone who hates their job but all in all it's their pho that will have me coming back for more.Absolutely amazing soup base.  Make sure you taste it before you add anything.  It is evident that they take time and effort to create a poetic base for phoMy go to pho place since coming to Philly.  Generous portions, good hours.  Just be careful late nights on wkends but they can run out of soup!!  Cash only unless over $10 which isn't an issue if you also get their super delicious avocado smoothie to lessen the spiciness when you add too much sriracha or their vietnamese coffee with condensed milkehcih surpasses anything Starbucks or La Colombe can come up with.Since Pho Saigon has become my favorite, go to pho place since my last review, I thought it was time for an update!
The service here is still really casual, and even a bit rushed during peak hours (think Sunday afternoons), but they are generally helpful and attentive. They always return right away with extra limes when I ask for them. I just dislike it when a waiter hands me a steaming bowl of pho from across the table, instead of walking around to set it in front of me. (I start crying when the water I wash my dishes with gets a little too hot, so I don't think I'd be able to handle a hot, heavy bowl of soup).
Their pho is glorious. Compared to every other pho place that I've ever been to, Pho Saigon is the most consistent. Not once have I ever disliked the quality of the noodles, the meat, or the broth. For this, I will come back again and again.As much as I love pho, I strongly suggest not getting your pho to go, as I learned the hard way. They put the both in one container and everything else in another...something about bloody noodles really diminishes the appetite.Good little pho spot off of Columbus in south philly. They offer up other items but have only tried heir pho so far which was delicious. It's distinguished by a slightly more ginger flavor in the broth than other pho places around the city. The restaurant was clean and the service was good but the pricing was higher while the food quality remained comparable to other restaurants of its type.My husband and I went here a few months ago.  The parking is convenient, and the food comes out FAST!  They're ready to seat you as soon as your toe reaches the restaurant's threshold. Staff is friendly. I had a mango smoothie, vermicelli noodles and shrimp, and I don't remember what my husband had.  The food was okay.  Although I work in the area, and the food is affordable, I don't think that I'll come back because the food wasn't as good as I hoped it would be.Ah, it's hard to go wrong with pho and this place is no exception! Our server was attentive and our food came out quickly. The restaurant was decently packed by not overflowing with people; we came for brunch/lunch hour. A great bowl of pho for a great price! Will be back again.
Note: $15 minimum, bring cash.Theee best seafood rice noodle pho ever!!! Broth is light with major flavor and the rice noodle was perfectly cook and with the combination of herbs and spices makes me became a huge fan of Pho Saigon!!! I will be back soon to this place to order my number 34 again! Love, love, love!Do you have a hankering for some delicious broth and noodles for days?!?!  This place is so pho-king good - pho-sho!!!I was first introduced to this place and to pho altogether by a co-worker and I haven't even bothered to try anywhere else because I don't want to be disappointed, this place is that good.  Never seen food served quicker, pho broth is delicious with a very generous amount of noodles and meat (I don't think you need anything more than the small portion) and the BBQ pork summer rolls are amazing (I've even just popped in once to take a couple orders of them home).  Ventured away from pho for luch once and again was not disappointed, pork and rice platter comes with a very generous helping of very tasty pork and enough rice to go with it.  Servers are always very friendly, seat you mediately, and there are always so many of them working each day that it never takes long to get your order taken and brought out to you.  Love it hereI've been here several times, and the food quality has been different each time. The restaurant has an overall grimy appearance, and it's a crap shoot on how good your pho and spring rolls will be. The staff, however, is generally attentive and friendly.This is one of the pho place in the area. The foods are very good and the price are very affordable. If you want a quick meal and get in and out, this place is perfect for you.These guys know their Pho!  The broth is perfect on a cold winter day and the waitstaff, as others have commented, acknowledge you immediately upon entering and are very helpful in explaining the differences between items on the menus.  Definite addition to the, "let's go back list"  Bonus package store next door!It was ok.  It is definitely cute and wins hands down on ambiance compared to my phavorite pho spot, Pho Ha, but when you're looking for a $6 bowl of soup, ambiance isn't high on the list of priorities.
I'm happy to see a new pho place out there.. I don't think that many people know about it, myself included until about a year ago.  It just didn't have the "authentic" feel to it.  Our waiter clearly has spent more time in South Philly than Vietnam, by addressing my boyfriend as "Yo, my man."  He also messed up our order. 
The pork rolls were ok, the meat was overcooked but the flavor was decent.  The pho had good flavor, but had a noticeable layer of grease floating on the top.  A squeeze of lime helped cut through the fat, and it tasted good, but just seeing it there was a bit off putting.  
Overall it was decent and has potential, but Pho Ha has already my heart as my go to pho spot.I loooooooove their grilled chicken with rice platter. There is no bone in the chicken, just how I like it. The fish sauce is just PERFECT. I found the pho to be average as any other places. The coffee was OK. Ever since experiencing coffee at Cafe Saigon in Adam's Ave Plaza, I've been pretty picky. 
The service is not bad. They don't come up to you and ask if there's anything else you need (Asian restaurants usually don't), but if you needed anything, they were quick to respond.Great Pho.  Nothing like a big hot bowl in the winter.  I like this place because the food is good and the parking is easy.Finally a reliable and consistent pho joint in NE Philadelphia.
The soup is delicious, full of flavors and aromatic. 
The rice dishes are well marinated and you get a healthy portion. 
The bread of the Banh mi is hot, fresh, and ... You should just try it yourself.Very good pho. Good price.
Service was slow and not friendly.
Will come back with lower expectations.This is my goto place for pho and vermicelli. It is located on Columbus and is one of the few places in the city with dedicated and free parking spots.
The pho soup is clear, tasty and not overly salty.  You can ask for some extra veggies and they bring it out quickly.  
My goto is the vermicilli bowl, a giant bowl of noodles with pork, egg roll, and some pickled veggies.
Another bonus is that there is a beer store next door and since this is is BYOB, you can have a gourmet microbrew with your pho!Good portions :) I usually don't finish my pho (or ramen or pulled noodles), or I would feel overstuffed. But the small was just right, finished, felt satisfied, and we would have had room for dessert (we forgone it).
The decoration is sparse but it's very spacious. The attendants provide quick service/are attentive but don't hover (I appreciate this). The soup was a bit too salty for my tastes, but very flavorful. 
My friends both ordered #59, the pho with boneless chicken, and raved about the chicken. 
The bathroom is spacious and clean
The manager was very personable.I wanted to stretch my legs after being snowed in and left home in search of food and beer.  Instead of going to my usual Vietnamese place, I tried Pho Saigon since I was at the distributor next door.  I ordered the chicken vermicelli with a spring roll.  The only good thing I can is that the vermicelli is very good.  The spring roll was burnt and greasy.  I took one bite and threw it out.  The chicken came with the skin on, which I don't prefer.  I would have been willing to overlook it, but like the spring roll, it was also very greasy.  I might give this place another shot to try out the pho, but otherwise I won't be back.The restaurant bore a typical name but it's truly a gem to find in Philadelphia. Being from California, I'd like to think I'm quite adept at judging the quality of a pho bowl. Pho Saigon's broth is light but flavorful and the noodles are cooked just right, not overly done. The only qualm I have is that the soup needs to be hotter. One of the fun thing about eating pho on a cold day is the scorching hot soup that you blow on to cool it, but it'll still burn your tongue. 
Moreover, Pho Saigon also offers a wide variety of Vietnamese dishes: broken rice, vermicelli, egg noodles, etc. I've had most of the broken rice dishes and love it. It is flavorful yet not overpowering. The Bun Bo Hue tasted pretty authentic too. The portion given here definitely is more than enough to fill you. 
Additionally, if you've never had Vietnamese smoothies then the Avocado and Durian are a must! A bit on the expensive side (4.80) but it'll keep you coming back for more. A good smoothie needs to be made with real fruit and creamy as a finished product. If it's icy and tastes like powder then you know it's crappy.
On a final note, I just wanted to commend the waiters on their great services! At least one waiter will greet and take note of you the moment you walk in; never an awkward moment standing there looking lost. I appreciate how attentive they are to all your dining needs. What's amazing is that they're fluent in Vietnamese and English! They are capable of explaining the dish's elements in English to English-speaking patrons. I've rarely seen any Vietnamese restaurants able to offer this! 
Thank you Pho Saigon for giving me a bit that homely taste.The wait staff doesn't speak English so i was not surprised that my order was wrong. Order exactly as it is written on the menu, or your order will be wrong. The pho was just ok.Placed an order through phone. The person had a hard time understanding English. I got there and picked up my order. I got to work to find out it was a wrong order. I called and let them know that it was the wrong order. I'll never give this place business again!!I tried this place on a fluke. I was down Delaware ave at the Masquerade store and I was starving. I no longer eat fast food and that is what you typically find down delaware ave or the heavier foods llike champs or famous daves.  I must say, the food was excellent. It was filling (i couldnt finish and im not a slim girl) and so fresh.  I enjoyed thai and taro teas. oh and the sugar cane wrapped with shrimp was awesome.  when eating out i like to be adventurous. i never had tripe and i said, what the hell, ill go for it. oh i wasnt disappointed. the tripe, the tendons so tender and yummy. Oh and the beef balls...mmm mmm.  the price is so right. you can fill up your belly on $8 which is about the same price as greasy mcdonalds double quarter pounder meal.  Pho is the way to go.Thought this was the best Pho in Philly but turn out to be one the worst Pho in the area. Why???? Because the soup flavor was so salty that I didn't add hoisin sauce in and still couldn't eat it.I would suggest that you there for the food, but not the service- food is really good but service is poor. 
I'm not gonna judge for forgetting a drink or a utensil (which they did), but apparently when you ask for a meat to be over cooked, it is a really difficult task for the waiter to tell the cook. He rolls his eyes and gave an attitude.
I guess they take orders and cook your meals now a days.By far my favorite Pho spot in Philly. I go at least once a week and order the rare steak pho... Amazeballs!! They have 2 spicy siracha type options which rocks my world and the sides are always fresh... The service is great and of course it's super affordable and you DONT have to use cash. Highly recommended !!FINALLY.
It's about time they have a Vietnamese restaurant on Bustleton!!! Now I won't have to travel far for some hometown's food :) 
I'm usually not like this when it comes to other ethnic food, but I'm very, very picky when it comes to Viet food. Having the luxury of growing up with a super Vietnamese cook for a Mom, I have tasted almost all the traditional Vietnamese dishes out there. Therefore I have very high standards for Vietnamese restaurants. Well, I'm glad to say that Pho Tuong Lai didn't let me down on the flavor aspect. 
Today was my first time eating here. I went in with a friend and we order Pho Tai, Chin (#36) & Com Ga Hai Nam (#63). He got the pho and I got the broken rice. Pho came out first and it smelled pretty legit. The soup base is very aromatic, light and not too fatty. Pho flavors are there, but not as strong as I would have like it to be. However, compared to other places, it's already scored a passing grade in my book. So, good job Pho Tuong Lai!! Portion for the pho was also reasonable when compared to the price. I haven't see $6.50 for a bowl of pho in such a looonnng time. 
Ok, now my broken rice platter came out. 
....... I wasn't happy with what I saw. For the price of $6.95, I was hoping to see more than just 4 pieces of chicken, 2 half slices of tomatoes, 1 slice of cucumber, lot of lettuces, pickled carrots/daikon, 1 bowl of chicken broth flavored rice. It was more like 3.5 small pieces of chicken!! Majority of it was bones!! It wasn't enough to satisfy my hunger. I was no where full when I left. Definitely not happy with my order and I felt like it wasn't worth almost $7 for that plate. 
So if you eat here, pho will be the best choice. As for the chicken broken rice, stay away if you want to eat your money's worth. Overall, decent clean looking place. Employees didn't interact much with the customers, but at least they remember to smile. 
4/5 for Pho
2.5/5 for the Com Ga Hai Nam
Would have given a 3.5/5 for this first experience, but since I can't do a 3.5 here, it'll be a 3/5 for an overall experience. 
I'll come back here for the banh mi and coffee next time so look forward to that review :)Good go to place on a damp and rainy day. The food is always consistent here. Nem nuong cuon, mi ga, and pho tai are our stable. We hardly get anything else from here. I highly recommend the Vietnamese iced coffee. It's absolutely delicious. Sometimes, it might be a bit too strong .. but diluting it with a little bit of water and it's good to go.Very convenient location in the Northeast! A couple of doors down from Mr. Wish at the corner of Bustleton and Longshore Avenues. They have a very good and inexpensive Vietnamese hoagie. The French bread is perfectly toasted and totally makes a difference. We tried their grilled pork and spring roll vermicelli and it was delicious as well. You can't beat their prices!This is the only Pho place I have gone to in Philadelphia, but the food is comparable to the Pho I grew accustomed to in Vegas. Great service, reasonable prices. Order the Chicken special!
The take-out is a great option. The restaurant does not skimp on ingredients as I find many others do when preparing food that will not be eaten inside there restaurant.This is probably my new favorite pho spot in south philly. I spotted it while on my commute to work and I finally made it over. The place is very busy during lunch on a week day, which I take as a good sign for having good food and being clean. I was right in both accounts.
The service was straightforward and prompt. No frills but I like it that way. The broth was hearty and the food was very good. They also take cards which is a huge plus for me.Their pho is awesome!  I have also had the best pork chops I have had there.  
People from Philly will like the #69..steak pho.
If you have not had pho...your missing outI have been on an every other Monday Vietnamese lunch kick lately with my wife. We have now been to Pho Saigon the last two times in a row. The BBQ pork bowl is ridiculously good. I had Pho the first time in, and it was also amazing. There are several other places we have tried, but this place has a great menu, great prices, and is easy to get in and out of the parking lot. Some of the Washington Ave. places are tough with the parking situation at lunch. We also got take-out recently from Le Viet, which is a different experience, but my #1 choice now for Vietnamese lunch in Pho Saigon. And you MUST get the shrimp and pork summer roll. Amazing!Pho was very good. I had the seafood pho, and the hubby had pho with rare steak and meatballs. First time eating here after they had only opened for three days(late post). Pho was very flavorful, didn't need to add to much it. Will be coming here more often, plus very close home!$16 for 2 Pho's. Never had takeout Pho before.  This was super delicious!!! Fresh and delicious herbs, peppers etc. in a big bag.  2 types of meat individually wrapped ready for me to add to this delicious broth.  One was not cooked which allowed me to add it myself and zap it in the microwave.  Tons of noodles!!! Love it.Aside from the hair in my daughter's seafood soup after packaging the leftovers to go and having to seek the waitress out for service any time we needed anything, the drinks were fun. 
I tried the durian smoothie and a jelly milk iced coffee and both were unique experiences. I finished both with an appreciation for both. They should offer a chance to try durian fresh on the menu.I'd give it 3.5 stars but there are no half stars as we all know. I'll leave that to someone generous who will round up their rating so the overall stars will average out. Anyways, I liked their bánh mì, ordered the regular one, although the meat were not much(one slice each of the pork roll (cha lua) and two different types of ham), I am satisfied that they used the egg yolk butter! That is always a plus in my book. The bánh mì has your typical veggies and pâté and the overall taste was good.
I also tried their broken rice dish, that was a Fail for them. I've always loved Vietnamese egg quiches and every place makes them a bit different here and there. But what is always a BIG FAT NO is when black pepper overpowers the entire piece of quiche! Yep, that is what happened here! I like black pepper in other dishes but seriously it does not belong on the quiche...so sad! The pork chop was average, not too dry.
P.S.: I think they used too much MSG because I was very thirsty afterwards...=(I won't lie. The food was delicious and the prices are reasonable. But I can't give this place 4 stars or more when there was so much trash in front of their restaurant. So much so that it blew in to the place and no one did anything about it. I mean, come on. Am I the only one who cares about ambiance as well as good food? I won't come back simply because they don't care enough to make sure their place is clean and neat. Makes me wonder if they care about what the kitchen looks like.Yummy broken rice + beef dishes. It came with lettuce and carrots, the dried uh.. pork stuff, some pork+egg omelette stuff, and then like salty meat logs wrapped in thin slices of beef. The egg on top had the egg white a little under cooked and yolk over cooked. It wasn't bad, just wasn't the best.
The vietnamese iced coffee w/ condensed milk was pretty good.
Service was good and quick on a saturday afternoon at 4.It is good. The pho is good beef flavor. They have all the cuts of beef for the pho. The rice dish are big for me. I like to ask for extra tomato slices. They got homemade hot oil.Has this place relocated? Stopped by today and it was under renovation for another Pho Saigon.They didnt have any fruits available for shakes, no pennyworth drinks, no salty lime drinks, nothing! Especially a sunday? So do you have sprite? Yes... thank goodness. Food was 3/5. Traveling the extra 5 mins next time for quality lunch.The Pho was delicious!  The bowl was plentiful with cuts off meat and the broth was full of flavor.  The mango smoothie was fruity and full flavor.  This place will make some good business and I'll definitely return for the pho.This pho place is a very friendly restaurant. Both the chicken pho and beef pho's are good. They use actual pieces of chicken (with bones) so if you're hoping for the boneless chicken, you're not going to find it. But one of the reasons why I love this place is because they use "real chicken", so often times I forgo the beef pho and pick the chicken. My second favorite dish from this restaurant is the pork vermicelli bowl! They are very filling and they use a thick vermicelli noodle which is different from the other Vietnamese restaurants, making it a very hearty meal! Their pork chops are very flavorful. Their spring rolls are good but they are a little on the smaller side! Their summer rolls are okay, nothing special. The banhmi sandwiches are decent!!  Since this spot is so close to my house, it one of my go to places on the weekend. 
They accept credit cards!Ordering here has been a comedy of errors. The food is so damn good(for the most part) that I can overlook the following;
1st time I pointed to what I wanted to go.When he gave me the total; price seemed high. He rang up one wrong item. OK he fixed it; gave him a $20, and he gave me change for a $10. About 10 minutes later my order was handed to me, but was missing one item(which was sitting in separate bag on counter)
2nd visit I called my order in. Asked for Bahn Mi #13 & Pho # 39. We went back and forth like 3 times, repeating the same thing. Get there and once again the bill seemed high. Gave me a #30(which is not even a bahn mi) and Pho #39. They were really nice and apologetic both times.Now onto the food;
Summer Rolls w/ Shrimp & Chicken- fresh mix of noodles, lettuce, herbs & meat. Wrapper was nice consistency and  stuffed! Bland overall; even w/ peanut dipping sauce. Needed some fish sauce or tamari; which I added.
Bahm Mi w/ BBQ Chicken- one of the best I've had.First thing I noticed was it had some weight to it. Nice12" toasted baguette filled with delicious moist chicken, and the usual mayo, pickled veg, cilantro, jalapeno.Very tasty, not dry at all. In fact I think I finally get the Bahn Mi. The veg- mayo combo is almost slaw-like. On this one anyhow. A winner!
Pho w/ steak, flank, fat brisket- broth was really flavorful. Rims of fat lined the container. Meats were good; could have used more. You can only order large for take-out. It was so good that I ate the whole thing.
Recommended, but make sure to check your order!Unless, of course you speak Vietnamese. I know I'll be back.Very good place. You get lot of good for your money. Bahn mi sandwich is about $4 and it's a sizeable sandwich. Pho is great. One bowl of pho fed my fiancee and I. This is my family staple now.The owner is extraordinarily accommodating and hilarious. Five for exceptional service from the owner. I went there in a sour mood, and he lifted my spirits up with not only food but with his humour as well. I really appreciated that he ensured to meet my parent's expectations. My dad got the #42 pho special, my mom got the shrimp pho without the pork, and I got the pork broken rice. I went there towards closing, so the food didn't seem fresh. However, when we expressed our concerns, the owner immediately provided us with freshly cut ingredients. I was also impressed how they had different broths for the meat and the seafood. It was the clear, savory broth that made shrimp pho my favorite!Came here for the first time with my Chinese friend who just referred to this place as "Vietnamese Pho Resturant". I'll admit that I hadn't noticed that this place existed despite being around it almost all of the time, because well.. the sign outside isn't that eye-catching compared to its neighbors. I would've never found this on my own since I have solid go-tos around here, but this experience definitely marked it on my radar.
Pho Tuong Lai has a great ambience (clean but slightly crowded place, Vietnamese pop music videos playing on the TV(which are hilarious to watch when you've brought up on Vietnamese folk music and shows like me; the music scene in Vietnam is.. interesting, to say the least), plain walls and tasteful furniture) and very good, very comfortable Vietnamese food. It reminds me of my grandmother's cooking (the highest form of flattery)! They offer complimentary tea and all of the standard condiments (hoisin and sriracha sauce, salt and pepper). 
Friend ordered a small pho #35 ($7.25) and a bánh mì thit nguoi ($3.75) (Classic Vietnamese hoagie). I got the large bùn bó hue ($7.95). Total plus tax came out to be $20.14, and we left tip. Food got to us within ten minutes, which is really fast. I didn't really pay attention to what my friend's pho was like but she, as a picky person, finished it without complaint. 
The bún bò hue was satisfactory, but not as legendary as what you could get in South Philly. I was sick with a cold and a cough so I may not be getting the full sensory experience, but I can tell you this: the broth was pretty good with a shallow spice but deep flavour (though there was too much broth compared to the noodles); noodles came too soft but manageable; and the meat (flank cuts, cha lua, and a pickled pig's nose separate) was fine. The separate platter of additional soup greens consisted of basil, soybeans, lime, and some shredded lettuce was a little wilted and looked like it was sitting out for a bit; it served it's purpose.
Took a bite of the bánh mì - the French bread was toasted crisp and the insides were what I expected to see: little bit of mayo with some liver pâté, shredded pickled radish and carrot, thin slices of cold cuts (ch la, giò thu (aka souse), and pork belly), and jalapeño slices. Salt and pepper on it was a new one for me, but it's a very minor detail. If you can't handle spice, make sure you ask for no jalapeños! It's relatively cheap and is good, from what I managed from a bite.
The staff are pretty nice and mainly keep to themselves. Communication isn't super smooth but they do understand English; Vietnamese is better for them but mine is so rocky as it is. Lots of Vietnamese customers were sitting in the resturant, though I'm pretty sure their dialects were different from what I grew up knowing. I'm suspecting that it's a family owned resturant with friends from the rest of the Chinese-Vietnamese community in the immediate vicinity of this slice of the Northeast.
I'm really excited to come back here to dissect the rest of the menu and what they can offer since its so close to where I live, and close to my heart for the comfort food of "home". Solid 9/10. I'll be back to review the coffee, com suon, and bánh mì in better detail.So glad to have a pho restaurant nearby. I recognize all of the servers from Pho Saigon or probably other pho spots in South Philly. The pho broth is really tasty and spot on. I don't know if this is a complaint but they give too much noodles. Yes! Too much noodles. Even for me. For some people, this may be a good thing. I...however, find myself unnecessarily stuffing my face before realizing that I was full 5 minutes ago lol. Been going here probably every other week or so and tried to get something different each time. 
Pho- *****Very good. Great broth, huge portion 
Banh Mi Bo Kho (beef stew w/French bread) - ****good broth but maybe more fat than meat 
Broken rice w/chicken-*****very good 
Chicken pho- ***just ok 
Bun thit nuong (vermicelli noodles w/BBq pork- *****a dish that never fails and if a place does then they probably suckI love going here for the pho. I'm so glad that somebody finally opened up a nice pho restaurant around NE Philly. I always get the beef and tripe pho. Always a good amount of soup and noodles. Usually I would be able to finish a bowl of pho, but I can never finish theirs since it's too much. That should be good for big eaters. The service isn't that great though. I always happen to be heading straight to the bathroom after eating the pho which isn't really normal for me, but heck, the food is good so why not?This place had great food and customer service. I would highly recommend coming here to eat. I love their Banh Mi hoagie, but their Pho can be better.Everything was exceptionally fresh and delicious i would recommend the Pho to everyone and the large is enough to feed an entire hungry familyPretty good place to have Vietnamese food in northeast. People are friendly and the restaurant is clean.Every time I'm craving some Pho I call this place up for takeout.  I usually get a bowl or two of pho and an appetizer. Food is always great and it's hot and ready when I get there. 
Will keep coming back.They are very generous with proportions. what normally is a size large at other pho places is their regular size averaging at around $6.50. Their broth is subpar, i've had better but not the worst i've tried. 
The place seemed to be shorthanded on workers as it started to get pretty busy during dinner time but there was only one guy running the restaurant. he even told the customers sitting next to me that they ran out of cups for water. 
it's at a pretty convenient location, smacked in the center of a strip of chinese-ran businesses.Good food!
Fast service!
Polite waiters!
Best casual restaurant to go when you feel too lazy to cook.Came here for takeout, I had the seafood Pho..it was ok. I don't like imitation crab meat, that is not seafood. I would try them again but not rushing to do so.this place has bad service . we ordered our food and we live less then 5 blocks away and they took two hours . we had to call and complain and they said they dont care . they even cursed and said they dont care about the customers. then they had the nerve to say the driver took the order but it didn't have an address attached. we ordered from grub hub how is there not a confirmation of the address . dont order from this place !!  very angry . i was starving . and after two hours of them telling us that the driver took the order they couldn't even tell us where the food is !Good food but the servers sole interests is to karaoke and talk amongst themselves.  Not very welcoming, they don't even check up on you if you need anything.  Not going back.  Good service is part of the experience!First time trying this with family & friends and I must say overall a 5 star experience, I am new to the pho restaurants but I really liked what I tried and will be back to try more on the menu! Staff was fine nothing special but prices were great!!!!Was there this past weekend. I'm thinking it was their soft opening. Everything was sold out. Waitstaff was attentive and that's why I've given this place the undeserving 2 stars for that. 
Their food was over cooked or undercooked. Dried out and oily. 
I see a lot of potential at this location.  I will be back and hopefully they will get their act together to earn  the others stars.Okay my first time there
I just wanted a quick bowl of soup I didn't expect expired drinks to be served to me I made a complaint and I got charged 10 for a bowl of egg noodle w shrimp and pork.. mind u the hacienda crew they had in the back didn't even devein the shrimp but all I complained about were the drinks they laughed at me and they said they will talk to there boss for me.  I told them I would like him to try my coconut bs of a drink
They were so worried he told me he got me I told them no worries I don't need anybody in life to get me I just wanted a decent coconut drink that didn't taste sour lol if it looks like a hole in the wall then chances are they are.... please judge a book by the cover..... will someone plz shut them down plzI deveined my own shrimp and  Gordon rAmseyvwould of chewed them to pieces lol Just letting u know another place that's shitty ok?Absolutely fabulous Pho.  Perfectly cooked and served hot, with peppers, mint and sprouts.  Also recommend the Bahn mi special sandwich..its a great value at $4.00.
Go and enjoy, you will not be disappointed!I had dinner here last night. The summer rolls were delicious. As fresh as fresh could be. Then I ordered the pork chop. It was cooked perfectly, it was succulent and delicious. 
I have had their pho many times, and it is superbThought I was going to make a convenient trip to get pho here since it's literally 5 minutes from my house but after eating their food I should have trusted my gut and drove the extra 10 minutes to someone else. Everything I ordered was extremely salty....from the Pho Ga (white meat) the broth was so salty I had to pour sugar into the broth to try and even it out. My friend ordered the Hu Tieu Nam Vang and this restaurant used the same broth for pho in that. For those of you who eat Hu Tieu Nam Vang you know that broth has a distinct flavor compared to Pho broth and of course that was salty as well.
For the appetizers we ordered the Nem Nuong Cuon and Egg Rolls and I must tell you the presentation of these two doesn't make you feel like you are in a restaurant but at home. The Nem Nuong Cuon if you order at a restaurant would be somewhat thin looking and long but this one almost looks short and half the size of a breakfast burrito. I have never been a restaurant that serve Nem nuong cuon like that. The Eggrolls came out all oily and the first thing you notice is the eggrolls is slightly swimming in oil at the bottom of the plate. The eggrolls are also extreme fat and not crispy at all and on the soggy side.
I will definitely not recommend any of my friends to come to this restaurant as it's a waste of money. The pricing there for their food just to let you know ahead of time is actually higher than the majority of the pho restaurants in the area and the worst part is you don't get what is usually suppose to be included in the food.Located along Bustleton Avenue, mixed in between Halal and Pizza restaurants, Pho Saigon is a taste of awesomeness.   Normally I would need to go to Chinatown or possibly around 6th and Washington in South Philadelphia for a bowl of wonderful Pho.
The service is on point as they are swift to greet & seat you in the smallish restaurant.  The menu contains other delicious looking Vietnamese dishes that read great, but I have stuck with the soup.
If you know what you are stepping into, this is a great joint to pop into.  Free Parking is a available but a wee touchy.  It can be found if you look around & are patient.
Worth making a local go to spot.Yeah, it is good, always busy, price not bad for northeast philly, tasty, and quick service in and out.Horrible waiter! I came in with a family of 6 and they seated us but waited forever for the menu. It is understandable if there are a lot of customers but when we were there was barely anybody there. The waiter would rather clean the table behind us while some others just standing at the cashier talking instead of giving us the menu so we could start deciding on what to eat. They waited until we ask to bring us the menu. Besides that the food in general was okay. I would probably wont come back here because I don't feel welcome.Ordered for takeout here. The man (stocky build with short hair) by the register was super rude to me. When I told him I was ordering for takeout instead of dining in, he slammed the menu in front of me. And when I came up to him to order, he didn't even look at me. I had to begin to order for him to engage. Mind you, I wasn't expecting a full blown conversation. I would just like to be acknowledged as a paying customer. I felt like I was bothering him as soon as I walked through the door. I've experienced better service at a McDonald's drive-thru. Properly train your staff if you work in customer service! For this reason, I cannot support this place and no longer eat here. There's a lot of pho options in the Northeast area with better food and far better customer service, don't settle folks!A surprise dubs in NE Philly. Thank you Yelpers! Really enjoyed the BBQ Pork Rolls. Looking forward to returning soon.Our server was very rude. She didn't speak much English, but I've been to other Vietnamese restaurants where I've been treated way better. My boyfriend ordered a broken rice platter and I ordered a bahn mi, but was told they were out. I then asked her to give me a minute to change my order and she asked "do you want the rice platter or no" I said "yes, but we don't want to place the order yet until we know everything that we'd like" she asked "yes or no???" Very rudely. I didn't mind at all that they were out of bahn mi's but she didn't have to be to rude about it. We weren't checked on even once after getting our food. And we had to walk to the front desk to pay. Even though it's a beautiful setting, the service is very bad. I recommend Cafe Saigon, which is more homey, cheaper, delicious, and you always get served by very sweet workers.Very comforting Vietnamese fare in this part of town. We were working outdoors throughout the day in freezing weather and in need of a meal at the end of it all to thaw us back to normal. The big bowls of noodle soup that we had at this restaurant did exactly that.
The beef broth that they make here lays a solid flavor base that brings together assorted thin cuts of meat, noodles, basil and bean sprouts into an elixir that can cure all ills. It is delicious enough to render condiments like Hoisin sauce or Sriracha as optional additions.
The restaurant does an excellent job at bringing the best out of lesser cuts of meat. Proof that every bit of an animal can be transformed into nothing short of amazing. If you've not tried eating nose to tail, please pass the prime cuts at your average restaurant chain and head here for a delectable ethnic treat.I love this place! It's the same pho saigon on Washington Ave, this is their second location. Glad that they're open and the pho is much better than the last one that opened. Fast service as wellOnly rating this place for the Bun Bo Hue. I've had it to go and dine-in. I think it tastes amazing from here, even better than places in Philly specializing in BBH. It definitely fulfills my BBH craving. If you're not looking to drive all the way to South Philly, I highly recommend coming here. I've been to the Pho Saigon Ha on Adams Ave to have BBH once only to be told they didn't have any BBH that day. That was so disappointing for me because I specifically took my niece out to eat there since she wanted Bun Bo Hue. Come here, they didn't let me down. 
I can't comment on the pho because I never ordered it here.Omg! I ordered the Pho with boneless chicken and added shrimp! It hit every note!!! I love it!!!I know why this restaurant has a bad reputation in the Vietnamese community. Food is over price and taste bad. Just look at the photo, I paid over 11$ for a special. What a jokewell this was my first meal here and it was a wonderful surprise for northeast philly to have such a fine place for pho and various dishes. forget the fake pho in the other places, this is the real deal. the three of us shared summer rolls and a #7banh mi special sandwich. one of us had the rice noodle and seafood soup loaded with plump shrimp and a yummy broth. i had a steak and meatball pho and my other friend had the #39 loaded with meat. the condiments were piled on a plate with the freshest  looking thai basil since my summer herb garden. limes,sprouts jalapenos and all the sauces and oils made for a delish and nose running meal. an engaging ,multi lingual,and witty owner made it a great night. will come back for the broken rice and charbroiled pork with an egg on top and other dishes i'm willing to try.  don't miss this place...it's a real jewel.One of the best Vietnamese restaurant I've tried in Philadelphia. The meat and egg was cooked perfectly to my likingThis is the best Viet Pho place in Philly. I've been to 7 or 8 all around the city and you will not beat the food, freshness, quick service, and prices anywhere. I'm now a regular customer and have never been disappointed.Very clean, small and quiet. They have really delicious pho with so much flavor! I've been to a couple pho spots but thier broth would never have flavors infused. I had thier noodle soup with shrimp and pork and it didn't even need anything added to it. Just pure deliciousness. Don't even get me started on thier crispy spring rolls! They were crunchy and came with a semi sweet dipping sauce that in other places would just taste like vinegar. Here at pho Saigon they balanced it so its not acidic to the palate. In addition to this, I used to be a delivery driver for grub hub and would constantly get orders from here, so clearly they're popular. If u want some seriously Tasteful pho definitely try this place. They have some of the cheapest prices I've seen for pho in a long time and you get an amazing amount of food for what you're paying! Not too much, just the right amount! I totally forgot to take photos of the soup because it was just too good to let sitBeen here several times prior and during Covid. They currently only offering take out, which is easy to order over the phone and pick up. I would recommend this place if your in the mood for pho.Pho Saigon in the 6800 block of Bustleton Avenue in the Great Northeast of Philadelphia is a very good pho and com house that can save those of us who live farther from Center City than this location many miles of travel down to Washington Avenue, South Philly.  Parking is just about as bad in this developing Chinese/Vietnamese neighborhood, but you are more likely to find a spot on the street with a little patience. 
We took a table along the wall and appreciated the prompt service provided by staff.  Ordering pho tai nam (beef noodle soup with rare steak and flank), vermicelli with BBQ pork and summer rolls, we had more than we could finish for just slightly north of $20.  
The pho had a nice broth base with plenty of thin sliced steak and flank. Plenty of good slurping, but on the way home I began to feel a little off, like there could have been some MSG in the pot to hasten the reduction process. I am mildly allergic to that, and began to feel lightheaded shortly after departing. That is my deal, and many do not have that reaction. Still, the bowl was loaded with noodles. The small bowl was enough, even though the larger vessel was only a buck more.  The pork dish was excellent, however, with the meat a deep dark amber from its time marinating in the BBQ sauce. It was chewy in a good way as it slowly released its smoky sweet flavor with mastication. Again, plenty of dry noodles in the bowl, along with shredded carrot and ground peanuts.  A little fish sauce splashed over the top, and we were in business. The summer rolls were nothing special, but were certainly fresh, with a good peanut dipping sauce. 
I would return to Pho Saigon, but inquire about the MSG situation before ordering. 
This neighborhood has potential.I order here when I am at work and their food is phenomenal! Their staff is also friendly and playful.
Their wonton soup is sooooo good, as well as their chicken & vermicelli combo. 100% would recommend!I spent a hot 95 degree day watching my niece & nephew at a track meet and realized that I would never, EVER come back to a track meet UNTIL I found this gem nearby! As we waited my car to cool off from the cruel beaming sun, Yelp came to the rescue and we saw we were a mere 1 mile from scrumptious Vietnamese.
Parking in the area, like in most areas in Philly, sucks but is not impossible. The hubby and I walked in to a surprisingly mellow restaurant (the one next door seemed over crowded). I thought this might possibly be a bad sign, but it was too late to turn back now. So we grabbed our menus and decided to order our regulars favorites.
I HIGHLY recommend getting started with the BBQ pork spring rolls - OMG SOOO GOOD! I would seriously order just 6 of them and make them my meal if I would've known earlier. They were fresh and bursting with flavor. 
As for entrees, my hubby ordered grilled porkchops with white rice, which came out amazing. I was the clear winner getting the vermicelli pasta with grilled pork, shrimp and egg roll. The whole thing just makes my mouth watery right now just thinking about it. 
Then the bill came and we could NOT beleive how cheap everything came out to be! We paid about $25 for everything including tip! All I can say is that I"m glad this place is a few miles from my apt, because I would seriously live here otherwise. I will definitely be returning!After a bubble tea a few doors down (Wish) with my son (the pho aficionado), and we decided to give this new spot a try.  It's close to the house.  We were both glad there's finally a pho spot so near.  It's something we eat...alot!
We both had the pho tai.  Big bowls, lots of noodles and condiments, and a very reasonable portion of beef.  The flavor was good and the price was right!  We also split the spring rolls...a bit thin, but good.  
The spot was clean and the staff was friendly. 
We will definitely be back.The pho was fresh, good flavor, and served quick. The service was great and took care of us immediately. I would recommend for anyone looking for a good bowl of pho.Ordered to go, great food! Tasty and fresh natural ingredients used. 
Only order if you have a stove to finish prepping the dishI order from here a few times and it has been great. But the order I receive today was packaged horribly. It seem like they was out of their normal container bc my rice platter was packed in separate container that didn't hold well. So all the juices was in the bottom of the bag. Everything was oily and greasy. I was alil disappointed. I also asked for extra hot sauce for my pho and I got a little container that was barely filled. The food is always good but today they fell short.They changed their name to Pho Saigon and their menu changed along with their prices. Nonetheless, the quality, the taste and the efficiency of the food is still great! They always finish my order within 15 minutes of me ordering the food and it looks completely delicious when I open my takeout box.This place serves a lot of food for a very reasonable price. Thought the pho was pretty tasty and there was a fair amount of meat in the bowl. They didn't skimp on the mint leaves either. Wasn't a huge fan of the summer rolls with shrimp and pork, but maybe it's a personal preference. Fun to watch the random Vietnamese music videos playing, too. Nice place and definitely worth checking out.Ordered take-out Pho with rib-eye steak. Was delicious but the basil was not included. My wife ordered a broken rice chicken dish and when I got home a Bahn Mi sandwich was in bag. Not what she ordered. The takeout bag was stapled shut and was in hurry to get home before order cooled off. My fault too for not checking order before I left. Probably will not order there again if they are that careless with the orders.My mom found a new pho in the Northeast section, so she wants me to try it. It is on the same block where Jade Harbor and Mr. Wish is located. I believe it used to be another viet place but it is now Pho Saigon. 
My mom order Pho Deluxe. Hubby got the Grilled Shrimp with broken rice. I got a pho with tendon and tripe. Hubby like the Grilled Shrimp but he would like more shrimps lol. Unlike many other pho restaurant, Pho Saigon gives you quite a bit of noodles, which I love. 
P.S. Don't let the emptiness of the restaurant fool you, the food is very fulfilling and delicious.I ordered take-out here today. They don't have broken rice. Although the menu says broken rice, the portion is very small and the taste is heavy. If you order a set meal, you will only have half or less in your box  Please spend more money to ensure you can get enoughI was hesitant when coming to this place for the first time after reading some reviews on here. I was especially concerned with the amount of soup I was going to get. I ordered the chicken pho and it was actually great. I am not sure why people are insinuating that the broth is not enough. But as you can see the bowl that I am using is very big and can be comparable to what you would get in store. The pho tastes great and there's plenty of everything!Wow this is the worst Vietnamese food I ever had. I had the beef pho takeout . My soup was only 75% filled . And my noodles were hard. The broth taste so salty and old. Never will I ever order from them.This place is going downhill. I had ordered pho for takeout since it's 5 minutes from my house. The broth was too salty and to add insult to injury their current prices are higher than the price on their menu currently. Plenty of better options around.I came here a couple of times when craving for Vietnamese food. It's usually not busy but they want you to sit on certain tables that are so crammed together. 
This place is okay. I've tried their pho, rice noodles and bahn mi. Truthfully, I wasn't too impressed with their pho. Although it's okay, I just felt as the flavor wasn't rich enough. However, I did like the rice noodles with bbq dish. The noodles were warm which was unusual for me but the blend of everything was good. As for the bahn me, they don't put enough meat in their sandwiches as I felt that I was eating bread most of the time. I was a bit upset on how long I had to wait for a sandwich. I had ordered, paid, went to another store to grab a drink, came back and waited another 15 minutes before they got it ready. 
Overall, I would come back for certain dishes as it's reasonably priced and it's usually not that busy.  Service is not the best but tolerable.I ordered online for delivery from them . Ordered three different types of summer rolls ( they call it garden rolls ) 
They were flavorless , blend and pretty much gross . I have a huge variety of summer rolls in my lifetime and those from Pho Saigon are a Huge disappointment! In one of the rolls I found a pice of dirty plastic.Came back to see if things have gotten any better from our past visit. I'm sorry to say that it hasn't. We ordered the shrimp (Chao Tom) on a sugar cane as an appetizer.  That was surprisingly good. I ordered the beef short rib over rice dish. The price at first, seemed really attractive.
When it came out there was literally 1 strip of short rib cut into 3 pieces!!!!! I was shocked  never in my life have I ever received 1 strip. The price of this dish wasn't attractive at all given the fact that there was only 3 cut pieces (1 inch) given. Whoa.....moving on and never coming back.Had a terrific dinner here last Friday evening.  My son, who loves Vietnamese food, wanted to try this place so a group of four of us went for dinner.  The food was terrific.  We started out with a bunch of appetizers that we all shared, BBQ pork roils, spring rolls and a new one for me, shrimp wraps with sugarcane.  While I'm no authority on Vietnamese food I have eaten at several different Vietnamese restaurants but don't ever remember seeing theses on a menu.  They were worth the trip alone.  We also all had a large bowl of pho.  It was a huge portion, steaming hot and delicious.  Nothing at all to complain about as far as the food goes.  My hangups were with the table size. we had four grown men sitting at a table that would have seated two comfortably, not four.  Or maybe it was made for four Vietnamese folks not four football player size men like us.  And once the food was all on the table there wasn't an empty square inch.  It made for a very uncomfortable meal.  Also, the service could have been better.  The young men who waited on us were very polite but also very scarce.  They never came over to see if we wanted anything else.  Instead we had to get up to get his attention when we wanted water refills, more napkins etc.
I'll definitely go back, the food was great.  But next time we'll have to get a bigger table or put two smaller ones together.Pho Tuong Lai is probably my favorite Viet restaurant in Philadelphia. I just cannot find similar flavors in NYC - in terms of rich depth of pho broth and wholesome banh mi sandwiches. While I'm missing this restaurant, let me write a Yelp review in the meantime! 
The pho broth base has strong notes of beef, onions, and star anise. The cilantro kicks the comforting foundation back up to a fresher complex. I thoroughly the enjoy the multitude of flavors in the beef pho. The raw beef flanks aren't tough and comes in a generous amount in the bowl. Bottomline is that you're not going to leave feeling hungry. 
The banh mi sandwiches are simply delicious and refreshing! The pate element offers a creamy element - compared to the crunchy notes of cucumber and cilantro in the sandwich. This is a good, filling snack if you ever want something lighter than the beef pho. 
I haven't found a vietnamese restaurant that is worth my five stars yet. Pho Tuong Lai is one of my favorites across restaurants in Philly/NYC and my go-to when I'm in the neighborhood.Yeah, it is good, always busy, price not bad for northeast philly, tasty, and quick service in and out.Finally the pho scene has arrived to the northeast. Yes, There are other pho places around the area but it's still a drive to get there so to have one so close to this major street is nothing but welcomed.
The pho is great. The prices are even better. This place is definitely cheaper than your usual place but there is no skimping out on the ingredients here. This will be a staple pho place for sure. 
FYI, the owners are the same owners of a pho place down in south philly. I can't recall what the name is right now but you know it's good if this establishment has a shop down in south philly.Okay so first off this was our first time getting takeout from this place. So we ordered beef ball pho, bun bo hue, summer rolls and some ice coffee. I don't understand why every time I order takeout they like to give you a half container of soup? Like why not just fill it up like your supposed too? I mean if we were to sit and eat they always fill the bowl up right? I'm not sure what the difference is for them to do that. Anyways, the flavor of the soup was not bad but lacked in portions they give you. The summer rolls were good and most of all I liked the ice coffee. I think that was the best part. I'm not sure if I'll come back here for pho though. Need  give us a full container of soup please!!