The ribs are tasty and plentiful. The sides are so-so, but with the amount of meat served with the meals, it's nothing to complain about.The most amazing, kind staff in town. Called me and saved me a lot of money from a delivery service. The food arrived in 35 minutes! And is absolutely delicious. I don't know another restaurant that would go to the lengths of customer service than phoebes. I adore th and will be a regular customer from now on. Thank you!I've never been disappointed with the food from Pheoebe's.  The ribs are great, never dry, and the meat falls off the bone.  The chicken is not as good as the ribs, but still quite tasty.  The sides are great.Nothing to rave about. Not worth the drive. Next time I will check out yelp before I make a food purchase on Groupon. It wasn't terrible but nothing to rave about. The mac and cheese had no soul.I would normally never write a review - nonetheless, a negative one. However, in this case I think it is called for. I went to Phoebe's with a Groupon and ordered both beef and pork ribs. Service was grumpy and served with an attitude. When I got home, I found the beef ribs (about $12.00) were about the size of my thumb (they are normally huge) with no meat on them. I wouldn't even use them as soup bones. 
I called the owner and was told something to the effect of "What do you expect with a Groupon?" (I even took a photo as proof of the unappetizing food(?) but, unfortunately, it would not post here.) He continued to be condescending on the phone. I offered to come back to show him what I got, to which he responded "I know what I gave you." Considering the inedible meal I received, I called Groupon and they were kind enough to refund my money.
Unless you like a demeaning, unhappy attitude and sucking on bones, I would highly recommend avoiding this place and going elsewhere.I've always enjoyed the food here, their pulled pork, chicken, and sides are awesome...it usually comes pretty fast and their selection is great.  Highly recommended.Absolutely Gross, Piss poor costumer service, I told him we had a Groupon and he seemed even more pissed off. All the food is wrapped in tinfoil and kept warm. When you come in to pick it up, it's then all chopped up and places in a large tinfoil tray and smothered in BBQ sauce. If you closed your eyes and ate the pulled pork or beef brisket you couldn't tell them apart because it all tasted like the BBQ sauce. Clearly they have never experienced real BBQ. Basically you get cooked meat, in a shit ton of sauce, an a attitude. Clearly they need Groupon with an average 2.5 star rating.
One and Done Son......Bought voucher from groupon for this place.When I call to make an order the man who pick up the phone really rude.I ask him if he open on Monday he said yes but after I mention groupon he said he don't know when they will closed that day,so I decided it to pick it up on Sunday and he told me to pick it up @ 9 pm.The funny thing is he ask me for phone# and told me maybe he will closed early too that day and when I told him I can pick it up @5 he said the only available time is 9 pm.After that like an hour later my friend call them to make an order and the lady whose pick up the phone told him to pick it up on Sunday @3 pm,So with this place you will get hit or miss customer service and their food not really that good their sauce very watery and blant,you better off buy bbq from somewhere else than this place,specially when you used groupon.The beef brisket tastes just like it was served at a friend's BBQ! Smokey, delicious flavor. No over tangy or artificial flavor like I've experienced with some pre-cooked BBQ briskets sold at grocery stores. You can imagine enjoying this at a real BBQ, going up to your friend & asking for seconds. Even thirds! Mac and Cheese was good too.The vast number of bad reviews are not surprising.  Foodler.com gave me an estimated wait time of 50 minutes.  I called after my food hadn't arrived after 1:30 minutes.  "Every is out. Ok. Thanks."  HANG UP.  No apology.  And when I called -- I explicitly stated that I wanted an updated delivery time, which I obviously did not get.  Still waiting....1:40 minutes later.
**I should note to be fair to foodler, that I reported the problem, and foodler gave me a full refund.I attempted to eat dinner at Phoebe's tonight and they refused to take my groupon because it was Memorial Day (even though this stipulation was not previously mentioned in the fine print, which only stated that the coupon was valid for take out and not delivery).  
The woman in charge was unreasonable and unfriendly.  She made it seem a chore to get up from sitting outside and socializing to attempt to take my order.  
The food is reportedly not that good to begin with and definitely not worth the hassle of dealing with their customer service.  I will never attempt to eat there again and will certainly be getting my money back from groupon.Ribs were overdone with a fake smoky taste,  mac & cheese was great.In some cases u read the reviews of a place and even if they are bad u give it a shot and get lucky and it turns out well.. THIS is NOT one of those stories. I knew better but I ordered anyway. Ribs =dry, tough and flavorless. Brisket=same, pulled pork was edible if drowned in sauce which this place used liberally to hide how bad the meat is.. Good BBQ doesn't seem to exist in philly and this place doesn't help.. Never, never again..I invited friends over and wanted something fast, tasty and affordable since I had a discount from Restaurant.com.  Well, the initial phone call should have made me run.  The person who answered was rude and impatient.  The prices was higher once I gave my Restaurant.com certificate, so I had very low savings. The pork rib was not a full slab.  And we threw the beef ribs away.  No one could chew them.  My dog licked it and walked offThis place just isn't good.
The cuts of meat seem inferior, fatty, and flavorless. Normally, if I'm going to get something greasy I expect flavor in return, and Phoebe's fails to deliver. I don't mind fat in my BBQ, but I expect that fat to be rendered properly. The fat on the ribs and brisket here spoke of either improper butchering or improper preparation, probably both if I had to guess. 
This would be hard to overlook even if the flavor was great. Unfortunately, the flavor was non-existent. There was no obvious smokiness, nor any flavor imparted from the rub. The sauce was watery and did little to help save the fatty, flavorless meat that was presented.
I ordered from Phoebe's with a Groupon and I wouldn't do it again, even at half price.Had the opportunity to taste their food from the Food Truck.  Was disappointed in the rolls - stale.  Brisket Tacos were good - limited toppings [maybe that's just truck fare].  Mac&Cheese was good with a surprising but enjoyable slight spicy kick.  Truly expected better but after reading the reviews, not surprised.I may be biased because I had a Groupon, and if I had to pay full price I may have been complaining. I haven't ate a ton of bbq in my life, so I don't know good from bad. I thought the Ribs were awesome, but the sides were eh. Also It would be nice if this place wasn't just take-out.I am really disappointed that is the only rib place Graduate Hospital has to offer.  I don't really even know why they bother with the sides as they are tasteless and might as well have been prepared by my 6th grade lunch lady.  The cornbread is barely edible...dry, flavorless, dry, gritty, dry, hard, dry.  The most disappointing thing about this place, however, is their ribs.  I ordered a rack of the beef ribs and they were straight-up disgusting.  At first I was really looking forward to them because they were HUGE and smelled pretty good, but I was so so so disappointed when I actually took a bite.  Turns out they were huge because they were SERIOUSLY more then 50% fat: I'm talking chunky, white, thick fat all over the ribs and just a little bit of meat on top of the fat.  We ended up throwing away the majority of the ribs because they were not edible, save a couple scraps off each rib that was actually meat.  Save your time and money and go somewhere where they actually have quality pieces of meat.  It's not like the ribs are extremely cheap here, so I totally didn't expect the low quality.Sept 2015 Update:  I visited 4 times this summer with friends who had Groupons.  Service was actually great!  The meat is a good value.  The BBQ connoisseur in me is still offended but for a party meal, I am now a fan.  We all stayed away from the sides.I've ordered from this establishment a few times and it has been okay.  The beef ribs sound better as part of an overall package, but were massive cow bones with very little meat and what small amount of meat was dry and unappealing. Literally massive cow bones. We felt like vultures gnawing at the very last pieces of sun dried meat clinging to the rib bones of a full grown male buffalo.  They measure by the pound so be aware of what you might be getting into buffalo bone wise.
I am willing to give places a few chances and was craving bbq without setting up wood chips and charcoal and slow-roasting it all day which is what they advertise (not the case). I had plenty of my own additions and wanted two half-pints of mac and cheese. 
The order came up to so much more than the advertised price.  They charge you heavy for delivery, plus tax, and they charge you $1 surcharge if you double up on a side!
I have never heard of anywhere that offers 2 sides with their orders, and if you want two of the same sides which is included in your order, they add a surcharge to your order!  I bought wood chips and charcoal, and will be doing it the old fashioned way and doing it correctly.The food at Phoebe's is so good!  The staff is delightful also!  Here is what I had:
Beef brisket:  So flavorful and tender (I had a lot leftover and it's really good the next day, too!)
Pulled pork: cooked perfectly, delicious!
Ribs:  (I had pork and beef):  OMG, let me tell you about the ribs....best I've had in Philadelphia and it's going to be very hard to top them.  HUGE ribs, fall off the bone and full of flavor.
Wings:  Very large and very flavorful.
Sides:
Mac and Cheese:  my personal favorite...so good!
Greens:  So flavorful, we even got the kids to eat greens, they tasted so good!
Slaw:  You gotta get the slaw for your BBQ meal, it was just perfect, not too watery and not dry at all!
Yams:  I wish I ordered 4 quarts instead of 1 - enough said!BANGARANG!!!!!!!!!!
Great service and delicious food. Food made me want to smack my mother for depriving me of this delicious cuisine. Seriously, sorry mom.I stopped in here for some take out on Memorial Day.  I figured BBQ was fitting and I had just gotten back from an 11 hour drive from South Carolina, so I didn't feel like cooking.  
I went with the chicken, mac and cheese, and potato salad.  The chicken was good, a little dry, but I still ate most of it.  The mac and cheese was great as usual.  It's really spicy and I love it.  The potato salad was good too, but way too much.  My friend got the beef ribs and was not impressed.  It seemed like she left a lot of stuff on the bones.  She got the spicy sauce which I will say is better than the mild.  It's really not spicy, but its less sweet which I liked.  
I definitely won't be a regular here, but if I want to walk a block and half for some BBQ, Phoebe's is the place.My boyfriend and I spent about 3 weeks debating whether or not to give this place a go after all of the mediocre reviews.  I'm so glad that we did.  
Last Friday night, we placed an online order for the chicken dinner meal (rotisserie chicken, 2 pieces of cornbread, and 2 sides- we chose mashed potatoes and mac and cheese).  As my apartment is within a comfortable walking distance of this place, we took our time strolling there to pick up the food.  Everything was ready within about 25 minutes of our placing the order.  We were greeted by a very polite staff and were eager to dig in.  The chicken was divine.  Very flavorful and cooked just right.  The mac and cheese was absolute perfection.  The 2 of us had enough food for dinner that evening as well as leftovers the next day.  That's incredible for $15.  I'm not sure what was going on when these other reviewers visited this establishment, but I was very very pleased with my experience and will definitely be back to try other things.  I definitely think this little gem is worth a second look.I liken my experience at Phoebe's to being offered authentic Italian cuisine and getting a can of Chef Boyardee ravioli. 
According to their website, Phoebe's specializes in Oklahoma-style BBQ. Now unless Oklahoma BBQ means bland, boiled meat without any hint of smoke - I'm going to call Phoebe's bluff on this one. 
First off, there's no way they smoke their meat (despite their website's claim). Even the mildest wood creates a smokey taste and their meat had NONE. No smoke ring or bark on the ribs, either, which is a sure sign that something's off. Judging by the way the ribs slipped completely off the bone, I'm going to guess that they boil their ribs. That's just... wrong. You can't just drench some meat in BBQ sauce and call it "authentic BBQ." It's insulting. 
Regardless of their misleading website and lack of technique, the ribs were tasteless and inedible. For the price, I'd expect a good cut of meat at least. 
The chicken was dry and the brisket also tasted boiled. The pulled pork was ok, but again - not smoked. Just drenched in sauce. I'll admit that their sauce was pretty decent - kind of tangy and sweet. But not good enough to save the experience. Save yourself the disappointment and don't be duped by Phoebe's. There are better options in the city.We ordered from Phoebe's the other night. 
First and foremost, they win the gold medal for fastest delivery in history (we do only live like about 3 blocks away - yea, yea I know I'm lazy) but it was here in less than 10 minutes. $1 delivery with a $15 min and the delivery area is huge - they said all the way north to Girard and West to 59th.
I got the BBQ beef brisket platter with mac and cheese and greens and my fiance got the pulled pork with mac and cheese and baked beans. 
Proteins:
The brisket was excellent, I'm really glad I went with the spicy sauce, just enough kick and tang but not overwhelmingly spicy. The pulled pork was also good, very tender, but would have benefited from the spicy sauce as well.
Sides:
The greens were excellent - bitter, garlicky and cooked really well. 
Mac and cheese was so/so. I was hoping for something a little more southern, this was straight ahead mac in creamy cheese goo. 
I enjoyed the beans, fiance not so much. Lots of chopped onion and green peppers and more spicy and savory than syrupy sweet.
The cornbread was good as well, this is authentic southern-style cornbread - more of a dense, savory device to sop up the BBQ sauce than a sweet, muffin style corn bread. 
We will definitely be trying Phoebe's again.I like Phoebe's. The ribs, Chicken and sides are great. I am especially pleased when I show up with a Groupon and they are happy to see me.All on a Kaiser roll, and delicious. Service is quick considering  the line. Got the mad love sandwich which consisted of pulled pro and Mac and cheese. Requires a fork to eat the top portion until you can fold the bread and it like a sandwich. Great combination of deliciousness.They got tasty BBQ : don't expect it to be fancy, don't expect to be wowed by the decor,  just expect to fill your stomach and lick your fingers... at a good price, too.Ya know.. I just got done saying to my wife, "One of the great things about living in Philly is that when you have people in from out of town, it's almost impossible to feed them a bad meal..."
Then Phoebe's happened.
I'm not sure where to start.  The only reason I gave them two stars instead of one was because the staff was friendly, they were pliable on the use of our Group-on, they were fast, and the spicy greens were delicious. 
If you are someone who prides themselves in their ability to make ribs, you may want to look elsewhere.  When I do ribs, the bones pull away from the meat like cinnamon sticks garnishing an ice cream sundae. Phoebe's spare ribs were fatty, gristly, rubbery and membrane-y. The sauce was pretty good, but there was an obvious lack of time spent on actually cooking them. The wings were in the same boat, tasty sauce but rather soggy.
The Coleslaw was depressingly bland, and this is one of my favorite parts of BBQ, riding the sweet and tangy roller coaster between hot food and cold sides.  To boot the Cornbread was dry and had a weird dirty oven flavor.. couldn't even save it with butter.
The menu is extensive, but I'd argue that my order was pretty representative of what a BBQ place can [should] do. 
* I write reviews and give ratings based on my experience with what the restaurant was trying to be and what segment they occupy.  if you blindly walk into places because of a star-rating and don't take into account what a place really is at their roots, you're gonna have a bad time.back in the day (2000-2004) this place was the s@*%. food was awesome and the service outstanding. then evildently some Jerk%$# buys the place and next thing you know it all goes downhill. in addition to the fact the meats and sides arent half as good as they used to be, you got this miserable slob running the place now. that alone prevents me from coming back anymore, even though its close to my work and it would be nice to have some BBQ once in a while. new ownership either helps or hurts a place, and in this case , you have ruined a good thing with your rotten atitude sirThe food is horrible. We ordered the chicken meal with candied yams and mac and cheese and the small pulled pork platter with veggies and greens. First off, the delivery guy had an attitude. They sent mashed potatoes instead of mac and cheese. They redelivered the mac and cheese and it was not worth the wait. It had all this black pepper in it. The chicken was ok but was overcooked. The pulled pork was bland, the greens were inedible very sour, the mixed veggies looked pickled which was odd, and the candied yams were super watered down and tasted like they were out of a can. The cornbread my bf said "tasted like it had medicine in it" lol because it had alot of cinnamon in it; everything was just a mess all around. I will never order from here again when there are wayy better restaurants that serve authentic versions of this type of food like Warmdaddys or I can just make it myself. I ordered because I was coming home after a long work assignment in DC and I didn't want to cook. Big mistake on my part...ughh don't eat here please...i wish i could give this no stars! worst place ever! i have been yelled at over the phone for wanting to place an order and give them money for food, you know kinda like businesses are supposed to be run!! they said they would let me know when i could place an order "like maybe next week if you can wait that long??" would eat anywhere else and would love for everyone else to do so too. total rudeness so i'm sure there food sucks too!I agree with Kimberly. I ordered the pulled pork and my buddy ordered the beef brisket sandwich. We also split the half rack of pork ribs. Maybe its the sauce, but the our sandwiches lack that bbq tanginess. The pulled pork wasn't anything to rave about. The brisket was a little dry. The coleslaw was very weak.
Then we tried the ribs. It was disappointing. It lacked that ever so important quality wood-chip smokey taste. It tasted like it was baked from an oven, not from a smoke pit. The sauce was very watered down.
Maybe I'm used to bolder flavor when it comes to bbq but this place didn't come close. Also, don't expect a warmful welcome from the owner. He comes off very cranky and mean.
Now I'm looking to get a fruit smoothie to flush out my after taste.Very nice. .  service is excellent staff are kind and understanding every time I go in for anything.  Very likableSimple delivery order of a couple of pulled pork sandwiches with sides of coleslaw and mac and cheese. The pulled pork sandwiches really shocked me in the quality of ingredients and the overall flavor. I was expecting a soggy bun and some overly sloppy pulled pork but what I got was a dense and still fairly dry kaiser bun (which was surprising given I ordered delivery) filled with great pieces of pulled pork without any fat or mystery chunks. The mac and cheese was good but I prefer the kind with a little crust to it so it didn't blow my mind. Delivery time was quick (quoted 1hr, delivered in under 30 min) and it was super convenient to order online through campusfood.com (a fact the restaurant publicizes on their own website). Prices were spot on with sandwiches at $5.49/each and the mac and cheese pint, which was more than enough for two people as a side, at $5.49 also. I will be keeping Phoebe's near the top of my list of go-to delivery spots in the future!Wow. Really good BBQ. Had ribs, brisket, corn bread, mac and cheese, and baked beans. Ordered a 2nd time before posting review.One star because there was absolutely nothing positive about the whole experience. 
Customer service is terrible. Dude seemed annoyed when I told him I had a groupon. Food is terrible. Tasted stale like it has been laying around for a while. It also tasted like the whole cooking process was rushed. Good BBQ needs to be prepped and cooked slowly and carefully. This BBQ obviously was not. 
Not even worth the groupon price with the additional 20% off code. Avoid at all costs.Worst Service Ever
I orders from Phoebes after purchasing the groupon. The service was horrible, I gave 3 s
Days notice and still had to wait 20 minutes for my order. The owner came out while the guy was cutting my food, looked at me and walked right by. No acknowledgement of a customer. At the end of putting everything together, the guy POURED the most disgusting sauce ALL over the food. Pork, brisket and chicken. All covered. I told him I didn't want all that sauce which made the meet swim in it and he said ."my bad" do you still want he platter?
Also..no one mentioned that you have to add tax on the groupon. Be sure to bring cash...otherwise you can't get your food. 
Should have said no and gotten my money back. The chicken was dry even soaked with sauce and the ribs were tough. The brisket was good. But that was the only thing edible.
Not worth it. Will not be backTo premise, we were really hungry - but the delivery during "Tropical Storm Irene (what a joke)" was quick and complete. We ordered their family meal with pulled pork, two sides (mashed potato and mac and cheese) and their version of cornbread. The Pulled Pork was very decent - and the pound they advertise is a Healthy Pound. The Mac and Cheese that I read about here on Yelp was A-W-E-S-O-M-E. Really Really good. The potatoes were just alright, but the cornbread was this sweet, almost dessert like bread that was a welcome compliment to the pork and the m&c. Overall, we were very pleased - and even with delivery - our order was not out-of-this world expensive. Definitely a keeper.Phoebe's BBQ catered a community event I organized with The Wilma Theater last night. They were amazing! They team was incredibly helpful and worked with us in selecting the perfect menu for the event. The delivery was on time and they brought the food into the venue (not just delivered to us at the door).  
Our guests loved it!  I think there will be a few new customers for Phoebe's from our gang. We also had leftovers we were able to share with the venue staff, so everyone was happy! 
I would recommend working with Phoebe's for any event you need catering for. They are delicious for a take out dinner option as well.  Thanks Phoebe's for making our event succesful!This place is dishonest!!! I had a coupon from Amazon. When I arrived to purchase food, I was told I had to place the order 24 hours in advance. I told the person working behind the counter that his request was not listed anywhere on my coupon. He took the order (3/19/15) and told me to come back the next day at 5pm (3/20/15). I got there today at 5pm and a different person behind the counter told me the coupon was expired. I told him of my situation, gave him the name and description of the person I spoke with and what I was told to do. He suggested I call Amazon. Amazon read the agreement and gave me a full refund. 
I will not go back to this restaurant. Bottom line is, Phoebe's Bar-B-Q did not want to acknowledge the coupon!HORRIBLE customer service.  I ordered Phoebes last night, $50 worth of food.  I guess since they are lazy and closing they let my food get colder than room temperature when it arrived.  I called the restaurant( which closed) and notified the delivery driver that I was not satisfied at all with the food as it was ice cold asked him to bring my food back and he can keep his tip but I wanted my money back.  He said No, I'm on my way home and done for the night call the restaurant.  I advised I did call but the phone continued to ring. He did not know what time they closed.  I am an avid user of grubhub and asked that they intervene.  Unfortunalty, they can not return the money as it was cash but assured me they would do what they can with working something out with the manager.  Just received an email today stating Phoebes would not refund my money (because they know their food sucks)
This place is in my opinion criminal, they should just advise that their food is over priced and so bad that my dog who ate a boot (and welcomes any table food) refused to eat their food.  Phoebe's B-B-Q is  G-A-R-B-A-G-E.  Do not eat here.  I am also not the type of reviewer that just rants when things are bad nor do I make the same mistake twice. The only thing I tried to eat was the mashed potatoes (tasted like cotton) and the cornbread (tasted like it was kept in a sock drawer).  FYI dont order beef ribs either (if for some chance you do make sure they didn't sell out.  THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE!!!!ordered Phoebes from grubhub last night. I got the rotisserie chicken and mashed potatoes, neither of which were good. The mashed potatoes tasted like they were fake, had no flavor, and were watery. The chicken was dry. Definitely not worth my moneyDamn.  It kinda kills me to say this, but tonight wasn't good.  Been going there for over a year now, one of my stand by take out places.  Tonight there was an all new staff.  The expeditor was good, but not so much any one else.  Food just wasn't as good as usual.  Ribs were tough, corn bread too sweet and falling apart.  Chicken...just not the same.  I think I miss the old crew.  'Cept expo.  We can keep him.I am from Memphis, BBQ capitol of the Mid South, and I have high standards! High marks for tasty, tender meats, gently sauced (although I prefer it on the side), yummy cole slaw, mac/cheese, etc.I'm giving this one star because the food was edible and I only had to pay $11.30 for everything because I was using a $30 Groupon that I paid $10 for (plus an extra $1.30). This place is cheap, I'll give it that. If you want cheap BBQ just to have the taste of something like BBQ, then this is the place. But if you want legitimate BBQ go to Bubba's or Fette Sau.  
I've had the same quality food eating at a school cafeteria. However, if I could rate their customer service I would give them zero stars. They were very rude over the phone, and they weren't exactly friendly in person, either. I don't have unbelievably high expectations for friendliness, but they didn't seem to have any reason for being jerks. 
I ordered the three meat combo deal (pulled pork, brisket, pork ribs) with two sides and cornbread, an order of wings, and an extra side of mashed potatoes. They forgot the brisket so I can't rate that. The pulled pork and the wings were overcooked; way too dry. On the wings specifically if there wasn't dry meat, there was fat. The ribs were moist but mostly fatty (really fatty, actually). 
The sides were nothing special either; they all came from a box or can. The roasted mixed veggies were definitely frozen at some point and came with one of those nasty fake herbed butter sauces, the mashed potatoes were from a box, and the candied yams were the canned kind you get at the grocery store. 
Overall, definitely not going back here again. I'd rather not have BBQ than waste my money on something cheap.I think the reviews here don't do the food justice - at least, the delivered food. It seems that most of the sit-down reviews are subpar. I tried the pulled pork, which was falling apart, juicy and delicious. Same goes for the brisket and the pork ribs! They weren't swimming in sauce or too much fat, and there was a decent amount of meat on the ribs.
I didn't try the wings, but they looked mediocre. The collard greens were decent and had a nice kick to them, and the corn bread did not disappoint. It had a nice crust and wasn't dry at all. I'd skip the mac n' cheese. Phoebe's really satisfied my craving for southern food.great philly BBQ! i would def recommend - awesome ribs and the pulled pork is off the charts.Phoebes is my meat Mecca.
This year for a birthday dinner we ordered the party meal. With 6 people we easily had leftovers to feed 10. Except the pulled pork which was so good none was left over.
Rotisserie wings have made me a hit at many a party and potluck. The Mac and cheese and yams are my favorite side dishes. 
They do fast delivery and friendly take out. The meals are a great deal.
Great for game day eats, a fast delivery dinner, or potluck item. Just be kind and tell people where they can find this BBQ on their own.Phoebe's Mac & Cheese was quite disappointing... Which is odd because I've heard good things! But overall I give it a "Meh."
The one thing that is a deal breaker, or maker, with me and mac & cheese is how the noodles are done. These noodles were WAY overcooked. Maybe that's just how they're meant to be. But if so, I'm not a big fan. I prefer a noodle that's closer to al dente... But noodle consistency aside, I thought the cheese sauce had a nice thick texture, with a hint of spice in there.
The BBQ pulled pork had a nice sweet and tangy flavor. But the ratio of sauce to meat was a little too much for me... leaving the pork kind of soupy...
But the cornbread was VERY yummy; the kind that has real pieces of corn in it gets a thumbs up from me!Overall, the food was disappointing at best.  We ordered 2 large dinner platters.  One with pulled pork and the other with brisket.  The pulled pork met expectations.  It was not OMG-this-is-the-best-ever,  but it was good.  The portions were generous.  The brisket was up to standard, but not extraordinary.  The sauces were okay, but the "hot" lacked heat.  
Now to the worst:  The sides.  The yams were out-of-a-can awful.  The mac & cheese was short on seasoning, but edible. (our dog really enjoyed it!)  The beans were okay.  The cornbread was truly the worst crap we ever tasted.  It should not be served!  A box of Jiffy mix would have been better.  
We don't live in the area and see no reason to make another trip just to visit Phoebe's. If you do drive there, call ahead and bring a friend who can jump out of car and pick up order while you circle the block.
If you do live in the area, skip all sides and stick to the meat.  It will not be the best thing you ever ate, but its a fair price for average eats (especially if you get a Groupon deal like we did). 
A final plus is that the establishment appeared clean and the not-what-i-expected-staff was very nice during my 3 minute pickup/pay.  
YES, I DID TOSS A GENEROUS TIP INTO THE JAR!Hit or miss. Sometimes the food is good, but often at night the chicken is dry and the sides are depressing. They claim to be the best bbq in philly, but they need to step it up. Also the hot bbq sauce they offer, has no spice. The food near the south street bridge in general comes up short.Gross. My dad wanted to treat me to dinner & told me he got a Groupon (not unusual, we've tried many places with Groupon). I was excited to dig into a bunch of BBQ. Well, this isn't BBQ, it's a sad attempt... All the meat was dry & the seasoning didn't even taste good. Like they threw random spices together & said "f*ck it". The mac & cheese??? Oh my god, it was noodles in the BLANDEST, solidified "cheese" gunk I've ever had. I know I'm a baked mac & cheese kinda girl but I was also a broke college student lol I've lived off of boxes of kraft mac & cheese; this mess was just nasty. Part of me feels bad about being so harsh but I was genuinely pissed after "dinner" with my dad. Sure, if you go to someone's house & they can't cook it sucks but it's food & they're nice enough to be feeding you. With this, I can't believe it's a business & I HAD to get the name of the place so I never accidentally ate there in the future..Went back for a second time with a groupon.  After taking the time to drive 45 minutes into the city, the lady working told me she will not take my groupon.  The groupon had not expired and she was very rude about the entire situation.  Filed a claim with groupon to get my money back.  I was planning on having them cater a large event after my first visit with them.  They lost out on a big payday over a $15 groupon.  Nice business move.Great service. Bought a 15 for 30 groupon and got the half and half bbq for 2 special. Lots of food, very good sauce. Nice guys.Great food! Delicious bbq in a good neighborhoodI want so badly to like this place more than I do, since it's right around the corner and I do LOVE good bbq.
The pulled pork is really the only thing I'll get again. When I got ribs once, they were so fatty. The cornbread is just not good. Like someone else said, not sure how you screw that up. I live on bread and I couldn't eat the stuff. Both times I've gotten delivery took maybe a little longer than it should, and the sides were definitely cold.
Might try a few other things like the chicken before I write Phoebe's off completely.I admit, I am a bit of a BBQ snob and Phoebe's totally misses the mark. Putting BBQ sauce on something does not make it BBQ.
The brisket sandwich wasn't bad, but it wasn't smoked. No smoke ring, no delicious bark, and no smoke flavor. It was tender, and not a total loss. But smoked brisket = the bomb.
Mac and cheese? WTF? It's like someone melted pepper jack american cheese over over cooked elbow noodles. Ick. Had much higher hopes & expected a REAL cheese sauce.
Cornbread....oh how do you screw up cornbread ? Dry and just tasted funny.
Yams looked like they came out of a can...not what Id expect from a BBQ place.
Coleslaw was dry and I question if there was really any sort of sauce on it.
Pork ribs were eh. Again...not smoked or even grilled, a bit fatty. Sauce didnt seem to stick well, it was almost oily. 
Wouldn't go back.This is some mediocre ass bar b que food I could have done at home myself better. I had the ribs and chicken wings. It was just bland. I had to actually dip them into own bar b q sauce at home for more flavor. The corn bread was disgusting! The only thing that was decent was the Mac and cheese. Luckily I had a living social deal for this place. Otherwise it would have been such a waste of money. Save your money and go elsewhere people!The ribs were very tasty and a good texture but the sauce was average. I ordered the ribs with hot sauce but I didn't even notice any spice. The cornbread was burnt on the bottom. The best thing was probably the pulled pork sandwich.This is a review on the hot BBQ chicken.  I did not have a chance to eat anything else.  The chicken tasted great.  Every part was tender and succulent, even the breast.  I know healthy chicken breasts are and all that, but I just love my drumsticks and thighs since they tend to be juicier.  Either way I was happy that every piece did not disappoint.  I wish it was spicier though.  But I guess that's why I have sriracha at home to compensate.
Just so you know, the place is small.  There is a couple of table outside but those are probably only during the warm months.  The rest of the time, it's take out only.Sometimes while traveling, you find great food in an unexpected place.  For example, sometimes the best barbecue is not at a Texas Rodeo, but at a small takeout stand in Philadelphia-that's exactly what they have here.  Wow, I wish they sold their BBQ sauce by the gallon!  It's the best I've ever had!  And the meat was cooked perfectly, too.  A must!!!Their delivery took an HOUR to get to me and the delivery man forgot my 2 litre bottle of soda, but the quality of the food definitely made up for it.   I got some delicious pork spare ribs, mac and cheese, and candied yams.  I love their mac and cheese because it's not all crunchy, it's cheesy yum.  The ribs were prepared perfectly.Great BBQ on South Street.  We have this place deliver a few times and the food has been great.  I have never actually been to the restaurant so can't comment on what the place is like, but order for delivery and you won't be disappointed.I had Phoebe's Bbq during the 4th Annual Food Truck Pop Up. I chose this food truck because the line wasn't as long as others (but it was still long) and I was on my lunch break. I ordered what they called the Old School which was a pulled pork sandwich with Coke slaw and an order or Mac and cheese. The sandwich was tasty and so was the Coke slaw and the Mac and cheese was ok. It wasn't very flavorful but then again my boyfriend makes the best Mac and cheese so, I'm spoiled...Well, 4th of July and I am not BBQing, so I ordered from Phoebe's Bar BQ. I ordered the brisket with Mac and cheese and coleslaw, mild sauce on the side. Nothing to write home about. I pulled out my own Jack Daniels BBQ sauce, I found Phoebes blah. The Mac and cheese were good. Coleslaw was blah. Just an ok meal.This place shouldn't even be free. A sorry excuse for barbecue. Steamed meat with a half attempt at barbecue spice is not barbecue. The Mac a cheese was bland and would be my second choice if I had to choose between it and Kraft Mac and cheese. Nothing had any taste. The cornbread was brown cardboard . It's one thing for the stuff not to taste the same but Phoebes failed to make their food items even look like what they're supposed to be.After eating two great meals from phoebe's, 4 if you count all the leftovers, I had to come and help up their rating asap.
hole in the wall place with no inside seating, but they deliver AND they have a no parking zone in front so I threw my hazards on and sent my other half in side to pick up.
Ribs are tender, meaty, and covered in the perfect amount of true bbq sauce.
Chicken is falling off the bone, moist and the best bbq I've had in a minute.
mac' n' cheese is mild and cheesy. noodles cooked perfect.
corn bread was meh the first time, but perfectly crumbly and moist the second.
all containers are securely wrapped to keep things hot and free from spill.
great prices for great portions.
service was quick and accurate. 
can't wait till they offer dessert.I called twice & both times I got horrible service. Horrible customer service. it turned me off from eating here & I canceled the Groupon. I hope that wasn't the owner smhI cant rate this place, because I just called to order and their vmail says something about June 8th?! Really Its Feb 7 2015...I bought a beef brisket sandwhich and i couldnt even take a bite off the meat was so tuff. I took the sandwhich apart to inspect it and 90% of the brisket slices you could play accordion with. I suggest asking for a peice of meat and trying it before purchasing any meant 10 dollar sandwhich in the Schuylkill river. Thanks, fellas. P.s the raosted veggies werent badOrdered the beef ribs, they were tough as nails, corn bread was dry and mealy.  eww.
wings were dry and crunchy like stale fries. mac and cheese had no crunchy bread crumbs. Two big thumbs down , go to Famous daves where they know what there doingJust returned from Phoebe's and have never felt the need to leave a negative review until today. 
Having been here many times the service is never the best, but today it was TERRIBLE. The main guy(owner?) was miserable, after ordering one item, he rang me up even though I wasn't done ordering, then begrudgingly took the other order while rolling his eyes. He topped it all off with a moldy roll.
Sorry Phoebe's, The food isn't good enough to put up with all the 'tude.If I could give this place a quarter of a star, I would!! 
What a bunch of incompetent, arrogant, unprofessional asses!! 
GROUPON USERS BEWARE!! They don't seem to like us very much, as I've seen in a number of reviews now.
My mom took advantage of a Phoebe's Groupon deal and attempted to redeem it last night (July 3rd), but had mistakenly printed out the wrong form. The person she spoke to advised her of the mistake and assured her that they would be open so that we could come back tomorrow (July 4th). No harm, no foul.
My family and I sat down and went through their menu online, put together our $70+ order and called around 2:30 this afternoon to place our order, well in advance of the 9pm cutoff listed in the "Fine Print" on the Groupon. After being disconnected the first time, we called back a second and were instantly placed on hold. Once the phone was answered, I informed them that I was calling to place and order and redeem a Groupon offer. 
It was at this time that I was informed that they were "no longer accepting the Groupon orders" because they had gotten very busy with pre-orders. I asked them to clarify what they meant. She said they had gotten swamped with people ordering with the Groupon and they had basically run out of food. I asked if my mom had basically lost her  money that we had already paid for this deal, to which she replied with "Please hold".
When the line was picked up again, a different woman had picked up the line and attempted to explain that they were very busy, it's the busiest day of the year and that they had run out of food. When I inquired as to whether they would accept it on another day, since THEY ran out of food and we were placing our order within the allotted time frame, a man came on the line. He very gruffly stated that we'd had 6 months to redeem the Groupon, that they normally aren't even open "today" and that he didn't know what to tell us. I asked if he was basically telling me that I had lost my money and he told me "I don't have time to discuss this with you." Silence. I advised him that I would be contacting Groupon and informing them of the level of service that I received.
While I certainly understand that food service experiences what is known as a "Rush", where an unexpected amount of orders come in and you've got to do the best you can... the treatment we received was unprofessional and completely unacceptable. The attitude we were given was as though we were a burden to them and they didn't care about our business. They were happy to let us lose our money without any thought of wanting to possibly get our business on another day. To suggest that WE were in the wrong because of the day on which we chose to redeem something we had already paid for is the height of arrogance. 
I have no intentions of EVER attempting to do business with this "restaurant" in the future. They certainly could have made SOME sort of attempt to turn our sour experience into a positive one. They have poor planning skills and horrific customer service skills. 
I can't imagine they'll be around for very long if they carry on like this.We ordered a few things from GrubHub from here. It took them a very long time to deliver the food. We even had to call GrubHub to get updates as they were almost an hour later than expected. When the food got here it wasn't the best BBQ but we were pleasantly surprised, considering the long delivery. I would advise eating the pulled pork and mac and cheese dining in.Not sure how they are still in business. My wife makes better Carolina-style shredded pork in a crockpot. The sides I get baked beans and collard greens are decent but that is about it. Do not get a sandwich from her- the bread is stale and gross. I am seriously thinking about opening a Carolina-style BBQ joint just to prove a point. Tighten it up guys philly needs good BBQ.Had excellent experience - don't understand the negative reviews at all.  Food was ready when we arrived.  It was packed very well for travel.  And at destination nothing spilled; every item tasted really good and was even fairly warm after 90 minute drive.Had the family rib platter.  The ribs were totally overcooked, dried out.  The bbq sauce had no flavor.  The mac and cheese was poor.  Not much flavor.  The yams appeared to be canned.  It wasn't very good at all.  The skillet corn bread was overcooked and dry.  Yuk!!Just rolled here with a friend, and I must admit -- the ribs/meat was really, really good.  I mean, the pork ribs were so tender and  juicy that they just slide off the bone and into my mouth!  
So that get's 3 stars ... however, the service was piss-poor!  The main guy just wouldn't let up in pestering us if we were ready to order.  Every 20seconds, "are  you ready yet"... "just tell me what you want"... "how about now".  Like seriously, do you have anything else better to do!?!?!?
The other star is lost because the side dishes were small and pretty mediocre. I've heard about the macroni--- didn't live up to the hype, though!
All in all -- I would definitely like to go back, only if I didn't have to deal with that guy at the front... and if I did... I'd continue to order the side dishes, as they were good, but not great.  But the BBQ, i can't front.... was real good!