I'm going to disagree with some of the negatives here.  Pico is a very cute little spot with great atmoshpere.  The prices are great for a sit-down spot on South St., and no one at my table was unhappy with his or her food.I went here once. Its okay, but NOT authentic Mexican. I got the Enchiladas Verde which were okay. I also got a Watermelon Margarita which was delicious and came with a big slice of watermelon. They didn't skimp on the tequila either.I wanted Mexican food very badly and stumbled upon this place while searching. Very convenient location. The seating is cramped and there are very few tables, making it quite the hole in the wall. But the decorations everywhere are pretty entertaining to look at like Katrina said. The service is pretty good and friendly. You don't run out of water or food. Just remember that this place is cash only.
I got chicken quesadillas and my friend got chilaquiles. Holy crap that was a lot of food. I definitely recommend sharing the chilaquiles and getting a small side if you wish. You also get chips (totopos apparently as I found out) and salsa too while you're waiting on food so don't forget that :-P
Next time, I'm working up an appetite to go back.The first time I went to Pico De Gallo, the food was delicious. After that I think they got a new owner & decluttered the tacky Mexican restaurant and that's when the food went south (or should I say north?) I've been here a total of 4 times. Each time getting progressively worse. The last time I went I got a chicken burrito & there were chicken bones still in it. Not only that but the food has become almost tasteless. I guess that what you get for the price you pay.First of all there wasn't Pico De Gallo in anything on the menu.  
The waiter, i think he may have been the owner, was slightly rude when I asked for no meat, but an alternative instead.  I ended up having a plaintain burrito with mushrooms and black beans.  It was actually quite good but there was no rice on it!  I don't think i'm wrong to expect rice in my burrito and i LOVE mexican rice.  So i'm disappointed, although i didn't expect much, considering the piece of paper on the door, in scribbled sharpie saying "Watermelon Margaritas $7."Yep, this is a cash-only establishment.  The service isn't fast, but we weren't in a hurry.  I can see how it might annoy some.
The menu tried to be a little too creative for what I had in mind.  I love Mexican food.  I was craving carne asada, beans & rice, or other more traditional food.  I wasn't in the mood for burritos with portobella mushroom or organic beans.  On another night, it might have been an interesting menu, but this night it just didn't do it for me.
But the big problem was the salt.  The salsa was so salty I couldn't eat it.  I ate plain chips.  In their defense, my friend LOVED the salsa.  She loves salty food.
My burrito was a big wet affair--there was no way you could eat this thing with your hands.  But it too was salty.  I ate what I could and felt awful afterward from too much salt.  
UPDATE: went back with another group (not by choice).  Again, the food was far too salty.  there wasn't much flavor, either--other than salt.  
It's simply not good food at all.Last night I ordered a plate of bean and cheese nachos, and got 10 ice cold soggy chips covered with melted cheese individually placed on a metal tray, each covered with a spoon full of cold refried bean, and a spoonful of guac. I was really hungry and couldn't bring myself to eat them. Thankfully, we had ordered a pitcher of the margaritas - which are still homemade and great. Also on the upside, since the place was near empty, they didn't seem to mind that we sat there for 2.5 hours trying to drink our $25 pitcher - which has enough alcohol to justify the price.
I have been a long time fan of Pico De Gallo, eating there whenever I have a longing for some California style Mexican food. That said, since they opened the second place across the street the food has become down right awful. I can get way better food at Chipotle for 1/3rd of the cost. I really miss the old menu; the one that was bigger than the table, and had all sorts of organic, vegetarian, and vegan friendly food. Maybe there are new owners?   I will not be going back, and am sad to lose a favorite restaurant.Ok go here for the ambience and the really good margaritas. DO NOT go here on a first date, with friends who are princesses, when your parents are in town, or anyone impatient.
The food is actually quite decent, but the waitstaff are space cadets who might forget to bring it to you or might forget to bring you implements to eat it with. When you ask for said implements you might get looks like "whaaaa?"
Again the margaritas are tasty and the food is cheap, but go when you are not in a rush and have time to get buzzed on the margaritas and not care that it is taking forever to get your food.
NOW another plus my friend is kosher/vegetarian and our waitress double-checked twice with the chef about many entrees with the chef. Which is really sweet and nice!There's far better choices for authentic Mexican cuisine in this city at a far better value.  Hit up Jose's on the corner of 10th and buttonwood or wander south of the market.Good Mexican food. It is a BYOB. They charge a small corkage fee. Other than that, it is really cheap. And they do take out! The decor is great, the place is filled with all sorts of interesting and colorful mexican kitsch. They have a great selection of hot sauces...I could eat mexican food for the rest of my life, but not from Pico. The decor is quite charming but that's about it. My roomate and I ordered just about one of everything on the menu and were terribly disappointed.
Nothing tasted authentic because there was no flavor in anything. The tacos were soggy and the meat questionable. All of the toppings on the topping bar looked like they had been there since the night before. The waiter seemed totally un-phased when we asked for our check and saw that we had barely touched anything. I'm assuming that wasn't the first time it had happened and I'm sure it won't be the last.I had been craving fish tacos for quite some time before i found myself roaming the rainy streets of Philadelphia with my hungry vegetarian boyfriend. We stumbled upon Pico de Gallo, a seedy hole in the wall with a quirky 'dia de los muertos' theme going on and thought "we're young. what's the worst that could happen?" I got the Baja Tilapia Tacos and he got the pinto bean tacos. and as much as a fish taco connoseiur I am and as much of a picky vegetarian he is, we were both thoroughly satisfied.
Chips and salsa weren't free like most Mexican restaurants. the tortilla chips were soggy but it was humid and rainy outside and the restaurant was pretty open. The salsa was just the right amount of spicy and tasted pretty fresh.
Service was quick and friendly but then again, we were the only two people in there. Good place for people watching. A little ways away from the bustle of the busy part of South Street.
I would go back again for the fish tacos and the homey feel.Some of the worst mexican food I have ever had. Way too salty and just overall nasty. do not go hereRun, do no walk away from this place if someone tries to bring you here.
I went to Pico de Gallo when I was incredibly hungry, anything should have tasted good. I am not that picky.
The waitstaff was really really rude, and wouldn't bring the drinks we ordered until after our appetizers and entrees came out. We were charged a $4 dollar fee for sharing nachos.
It got worse when I found more than a few chunks of ground meat in my vegetarian burrito. I told the server that I ordered a rice and bean burrito and she suggested I cut the meaty bits out and continue eating my food. The manager looked at me like I was ridiculous when I complained about finding meat in my veggie burrito.
Do not go here, with weird unessecary upcharges, flavorless faux mexican food, and rude staff.I could eat Mexican food every day and this place is an insult to Mexican food. Everything was flavorless and underwhelming. The night we ate there, the place was full, but for what reason I have no idea. Terrible food and lame service.Meh. It did the job (satiating my ravenous hunger).
I've had better, but the only worse I've had is from somewhere like Qdoba. The chips were clearly from a Tostitos bag.  I ordered the chicken tacos, my boyfriend got the black bean "puffy" tacos and Shawn got the nachos. I have to agree with previous posts that the nachos were pretty disappointing; they give you about 10 chips individually covered in cheese and topped with a jalapeno slice. 
I haven't had crunchy tacos in a while, and not being the most elegant girl out there, predictably made a huge mess of them. However, they were pretty tasty! The boyfriend seemed to enjoy his puffy tacos as well.
Friendly, fast service. Poor beer selection; I prefer the Mexican BYOs. As I've said before, if you want really good Mexican food, go to a place that's run by actual Mexicans, i.e. El Jarocho or La Lupe. PDG is way more expensive and way less tasty than both of those fine establishments.If it is 94 degrees outside, would you put on the air conditioning? Pico won't.  Maybe they're saving up to invest in training for their waitstaff, or perhaps that's just wishful thinking.
I got 2 burritos to go along with chips and guac, and all were so delish.  Loved their food, but they have got to step up their game.
They have great atmosphere that is killed by the food truck quality service and inability to handle multiple customers at once.Meh' Mexican food and bad service. Our friends took us here because they live right around the corner and eat here a lot. (The other place they took us was Jamaican Jerk Hut kitty corner to the SE.) Anyway, the pork and friend plaintain burrito was an intriguing combo, but underdelivered. Then the baja fish tacos with tilapia as the fish were kind of boring. Sadly, I couldn't drink my disappointment away either because the waiter barely came by and when he did, it was one request at a time brought back to the table one at time, like extra napkin...hot sauce...etc. So when I finally got my back up Pacifico it was time to go. 
Good Things to Say: Nachos - wow! Each one was made by hand! Rather than the pile/smear technique most places use, so each one had cheese, sour cream and a big jalapeno on it - the full flavor experience captured in each nacho. Unusual, but it kind of worked.I went to this place with a group of friends after hearing how unique it was, and it sure was. The food is a bit pricey, but not outrageous. What is outrageous was that the pitcher of margaritas was $33 and literally each pitcher was filled to the brim with ice. The outdoor area, while unique, needs to be de-cluttered and is a huge liability for the owners. We had to climb over the picnic table to sit on the other side which the baseboards were dirty and another group that came in after us had to move a bunch of clunk to access a table. Also, don't hang out for long on the street around that area. While we were there a woman claimed someone stole her kid and the police were all over the street. The waiter said that they don't even let people in the front door to avoid all the riff raft entering from the street. 
Not a bad place to eat if you are okay with average service and extremely overpriced margaritas.I want to kidnap the cooks and have them be my personal cooks.  I dont know what they do to make it so good - free range chicken?  organic beef? but its awesome.  Service is good too - what other place will drop off your take out to you as you wait at the bar next door?  oh?  lots of places do that?  well, whatever... i love picoThis is such a cute place. I dropped in for a drink and definitely want to come back. They have really good margarita specials. I think if you buy dinner you can have unlimited margaritas for only $10. And for happy hour its $1 'ritas. How cool is that?The boyfriend and I went to Pico for the first time a few nights ago and we were underwhelmed. The food wasn't bad, it was just generic and somewhat bland. We had chicken enchiladas verdes, and a black bean/portobello/cactus burrito. The enchiladas were decent, but again, nothing special. The burrito was a little iffy. Too much tortilla for the amount of filling, and (my bad for ordering it but) portobello is kind of a weird choice for a burrito. Chips and salsa came with the meal and were pretty good.
The pros? Our server was pleasant and laid back. Unlike some other reviewers, the service was prompt. The Arnold Palmer I had was large and delicious.
The cons? Just kind of... boring, and a little expensive for boring. (Two entrees and one non-alcoholic drink with tip put us back $30)This food is disgusting.  I am unsure what my margarita was made with but it tasted like it was Sunny D.  I had a cheese quesadilla that tasted like  a college microwave special. 
The service was super nice but SUPER SLOW.  I gave it an extra star for how nice my server was but I think he may have recognized me from the neighborhood.The first time I went to Pico I was delighted by the Cinco de Mayo themed decor.  It was my favorite local burrito joint and they always had great service.  However now the menu and staff has changed so many times it's just not the same experience.  The food is pretty mediocre and too expensive.  Check out some real Mexican food in South Philly where the food is cheap and delicious.The quality of the food has gone way down recently...this was my last and final time eating at this restaurant.  We have been coming here for the past 4 years because we live close by and used to love it for their fresh ingredients.  Over the past year, it seems this restaurant has gone from bad to worse.  The steak fajitas for 10.95 came with two less than taco sized fajitas with completely tough and overcooked steak pieces.  It says it comes with guacamole and pico de gallo.  The guacamole was about a quarter sized dollop (not even enough for one of the mini-fajitas) and the pico de gallo had miniscule watery tomatoes and mostly consisted of onions and jalapenos.  Very disappointing.  If I were you, I would think twice before eating here.Awful, ignorant service. 
Meat burritos served when a vegetarian one was ordered. (BAD FOR VEGETARIANS)
Overpriced for food that gets made wrong most of the time. 
Used to love this place. Never going back again. 
In the past 6 months I've had the two worst service experiences of my life, prompting me to actually walk out.
- Once was from a coked up looking boy with his shirt half open and a huge necklace that was touching his sweaty chest and then falling into food.
- The other was during the day when with 2 other customers in the place it took a server over 30 minutes to even hand us menus but had time to put chips on other table who walked in 20 minutes after us.
It's a shame because when the order is actually right (and the staff  admits they were wrong instead of acting like they're too cool to understand) the food is alright. The burritos are satisfying.Definitely not heading here again.  I had gone about 1 yr ago, sat outside, and enjoyed my delicious cactus burrito.  Not this time.  Just went 2 weeks ago and it was horrible.  The waiter inspired my boyfriend and I to get the beef tacos.  I could have made them at home.  And to think, he told us those would be better than the nachos.  Maybe I should be thankful.  The nachos were probably just chips w/ melted cheese.
Not going back there again...The beers were even expensive.  Thumbs down to the wait staff and the food.  Thumbs up, however, to the decor.Had a reliable foodie friend highly recommend Pico to me when I first moved into the neighborhood block last year. Since then I've come through a few times to give it a try & a few second chances. Unfortunately, it's really just not working out. 
Ambiance: This was a plus. Lots of color and character on the walls. Very festive. I enjoyed the visual mishmosh.
Service: Friendly but slow and absentminded. 
Food: Paid too much for very little flavor. The first time I went I picked up their beef & cheese burrito. My first impression was that it was ground dog food with cheez-wiz (which after reading M.N.'s review .. sounds like my guess wasn't too far off on the cheez-wiz...) Not a fan at all. I felt pretty ill for a few hours after that. The next few times, I decided to branch out and give their different menu components a chance. I tried their quesadillas, enchiladas, taquitos, veggie burrito and guacamole. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. All of them were very bland in flavor, lacking salt, spice and heat. Come to think about the experience it was very much like bad sex. I left disappointed, underwhelmed and very unsatiated. 
Drinks: Beers were a bit expensive in my opinion... Reading older reviews it looks like this place used to be BYOB - which may have ameliorated the food situation. 
Some have criticized me for having too high of a standard in Mexican fare, which I understand because I have spent a chunk of my life in LA and as a half adopted Mexican daughter. But everyone I shared a meal with here also agreed that the food was subpar. 
In sum, I don't want to pay for bad sex. No, thanks.Yes, it's pricey, but the service is attentive and the food is consistently high quality Mexican fare.  I particularly like the enchilada verdes and the mole is very good.  This is a tiny place to eat and can get cramped but they also have take-out.  For Mexican in Philly it's very good.Been here twice.  Both times had excellent service, but the marguritas and food were not stellar.  The inside is nicely decorated but cramped.  Not a bad place by any means, but I definitely didn't get the 'wow' factor either time.One point for service.  But goddamn!  Freaking awesome food!  I recommend (if you're a meat-leaning kind of person) the pork and plantains burrito.  If you're really willing to go big, you should add some avocado.  It's some of the only mexican food i have ever had that i still crave from 3300 miles away in a land of authentic Mexican (at least for the U.S.).  Hell, i even liked their tamale!  Hooray for everything!  
As for cash only....it's an inconvenience.  It's true.  But it's posted, and they serve cash-affordable food.  
It's tiny, and quirky with its overwhelming Mexican kitsch decor (the bathroom filled with Frida).  It's one of my favorite establishments in the Philadelphia area.I guess they get one star just for existing and having food, plus there isn't a zero star option. 
This place is eff-ing terrible.  The waitstaff seemed to have no idea what they were doing for which I'm sympathetic as there were only two of them. We never received the requisite chips and salsa despite the fact that every other table in the place got them.
 I wish I had read the reviews on PDG before going because then I would have known that when you order the "Nachos PDG" what they really mean is exactly 8 chips individually topped with beef, cheese and sour cream.  I'm not sure why you'd want to make that your signature house nacho appetizer but we continued anyway. My boyfriend ordered the fajitas which was listed under "Entrees".  About 30 min and 3 requests for water later they came. I'm no fajita connoisseur but even I was perplexed. It was a platter with two miniature flour tortillas with the tiniest serving of fajita fixins. So just an FYI if you order the fajitas, you get two, count them TWO fajitas that are enough to satisfy a fajita loving baby. 
PDG- I guess you used to be better but sadly I never got to experience so now you are forever burned in my culinary memory as that terrible f-bomb Mexican place where I will not eat again.The food here is quite good and reasonably priced. I'm pretty picky about Mexican food since I'm from Dallas. The service, however, has been touch and go. Sometimes, I've had great service. Sometimes, it has been substandard. One time, we weren't even brought our water until the food was almost out-let alone anything else to drink. Sure, the restaurant was busy, but no chips either. In Texas, a Mexican restaurant that doesn't bring chips right away is like a freak of nature. The waitress then proceeded to lie about the chips by saying that the cooks were just making them. Not true. When we (finally) got them, they were quite stale-nearly chipped a tooth.
So, besides the former server trauma...I still go to the restaurant.  It's good-just don't always expect good service.I went to Pico De Gallo fairly frequently between 2006-2007. It was the best mexican food I've found in Philly- especially the red meat, which was unbelievably flavorful. The service has always been spotty, which is to say that it seems like the waiters are constantly hitting blunts in the back room. That's alright by me so long as they put margaritas in front of me pronto, you kind of take it in stride, especially if the food is good and you're chilling out on a Sunday.
However, I've read a lot of reviews that say it has come under new ownership and the food has gone downhill. If this is true, then I'm really sorry to hear that. I'm kind of afraid to go and find out.One warning: they don't take credit card and for some reason there is not an ATM in walking distance for blocks.
However, their guacamole is worth a try for you aficionados of the avocado. I prefer to take out from this establishment, however, because the dining room is very small and cramped and can get cold in the winter.
If you are into seriously authentic, this may not be the place for you. Try La Jarocha.i ordered the nachos
they were expensive, they were soggy
i got something like 8 or 10 pre-topped nachos
totally sucked.If you're in the area and need to eat....it's ok. Definitely not a destination spot!
First things first. If you are a mexican restaurant and serve booze could someone please learn to make a friggin' margarita correctly?! My girlfriend lives around the corner and it would be great to enjoy a margarita....but they are horrible here. I've tried 5 different nights and they have sucked in a different way each time. It's like they are trying to ruin the drink.
The food is average and expensive for what you get. I agree with all the reviews regarding the nachos. Pass on them. I tried the lobster quesadilla and it was mediocre at best...and pricey.
Take the extra 15 minutes and walk to "La Lupe"Eh, not impressed.  This place has potential, but they charge too much for too little.  I got the organic black bean burrito, it came in at a whopping $9, which would have been acceptable if they put something else on the place with it...beans and rice perhaps?  I did enjoy their salsa, though the chips were stale.
I'm obviously jaded from too many $4 SF burritos, but even with the burrito cravings I have, I probably still wouldn't eat here again.Oh hello awesome Mexican food! I actually really love it here. Its small BUT fun, awesome chips, salsa and guacamole. The servings are huge but  I always enjoy leftovers. Once when we went there, the wait was about 40 minutes (crazy) and they gave us chips and salsa as we sat on the stoop next door. Anyway, great place.There was a hair in my burrito purchased for take out at this place. Needless to say I will never eat there.
 On the other hand if the Baja Room (bar across the street owned by same people) could be listed on Yelp I would give it a great review. I love the atmosphere and can't go wrong with Black & Tan PLUS a shot of house Tequila that's surprisingly smooth all for $4. With trepidation I tried an appetizer and it was fantastic! Let's review these places separately Yelp.The food at this place is absolutely rancid. My wife and I both ordered the beef enchiladas - neither of us could stand the taste and had to send them back. I think there literally was something wrong with the way they were prepared because I've never tasted something so repulsive as the sauce they were cooked in. The chips and salsa were out of a bag, and the beans were dry and unappealing. The rice was ok, but it's pretty hard to screw that up. We subbed the enchiladas for chicken tacos - which tasted like something I could have made at home - and that's not saying much. We both said that we would've have had a more satisfying Mexican food experience at Qdoba or Chipotle than this place - I literally wanted to vomit the rest of the night thinking of the horrible enchiladas they served us.  This place should be ashamed of itself.I mainly used to go here because of the salsa they used, but they switched to a habanero type that I'm not a fan of.  The enchiladas and chilaquiles are among my top choices.  The ambience, outdoor seating and margaritas are pluses.Baja Room - nice waitstaff, the patio has a city backyard feel, and there is a nice selection of Mexican beers.  The food? Not so nice. 
We started with Guac and Chips. Nothing special. It was missing something...salt, maybe? 
The chicken enchiladas were okay. My boyfriend ordered the Huevos, and he's had better. 
I feel bad, because I really wanted to like this place. We met the chef a couple of times, and he is such a nice guy. But, he needs to step it up a notch.I am disappointed to see so many negative reviews. I live two blocks from here, and have probably gone 20 times over the past three years. I love the place for what it is, a small authentic Mexican restaurant. There is no fusion involved, the bathroom is back near the kitchen... you almost feel like you are in Mexico, and am not talking about Cancún. 
First off, the chips and salsa are free and great. I suggest trying their sangria. My fiancée and I usually order a full pitcher and take our time drinking and chatting. The fish tacos, as others have mentioned, are terrific. I am usually all over the menu from visit to visit, and since Mexican can cause problems for some people, I would suggest just picking one of your favorites and going with that. Last time I was there, about a week ago, I had the chicken fajitas and they were awesome as always. Being a fan off the very hot, I always enjoy using the variety of Mexican hot sauces they have on the tables.
Pico is especially great in the warmer months when you can sit out on the sidewalk and sip your cool drinks.
Finally, the price is right. Even with the $25 we spend on a pitcher of sangria, we always end up leaving satisfied with the value of our meal, often with leftovers to stick in the fridge. The only thing that can be lacking is the service, but once that pitcher of sangria arrives, nothing else matters.
In my view, Pico is a true South Street gem.I love Pico de Gallo, my favorite low key Mexican joint in the city.  Great location, good hearty Mexican food without any of the pretentiousness that the city sometimes brings.  Good atmosphere + quality food at a good price, love it!
-1 star b/c it can get very crowded with people waiting for reservations trying to squeeze in the little open space that there is AND the opening of the door in the winter.  You get over it after a margarita or two...Aruna nailed it.  Hit or miss is definitely the best way to describe the food at Pico de Gallo.  Last week, my husband and two friends ordered chicken fajitas and loved 'em, while I suffered through half of a really (REALLY) boring bean burrito before tossing the rest.  We're always trying to give Pico de Gallo the benefit of the doubt, but inevitably one of us leaves kind of grumpy and still hungry.Grievances: 
$11 for two Dos Equis
Boring tiny chicken fajitas  
Ditto with the once amazing rattle snake tacos of the dayThe place is tiny, reasonably priced, and not particularly awesome.  Good, but not great.  The food is decent, but not impressive.  The staff is friendly, but not beyond expectations.  One menu item has cactus in it, but you can't tell.  Another has plantains that didn't really excite me.  I think I had something else with pineapple that I couldn't notice.  On more than one occasion they've been out of whatever I wanted (including mole sauce twice, pork once or twice).
El Fuego, the Burrito Joint, and Taqueria Veracruzana are far better stops for this genre.  I'd probably even argue for QDoba for flavor.
I'll tell you what thought, if you do go, I recommend #s 6 and 7. They're little tacos.  The puffy tacos are good, both styles.Food is mediocre and service is equally unremarkable.  Keep walking by this place.For a tex-mex place this place still is a little lacking. too expensive. although i did get a shit-load of guac in my burrito. I wouldn't go back. ever. 
go to El JarochoA haiku...
Last summer thought OK,
But then I ate there again,
Now I know it sucks.I used to come here literally once a week before it became a non-BYO.  Then it served liquor and well, it ruined the fun, but at least the food was still good.  It's back to being a BYO, which would be great except that the food was inedible on our last trip there.  The refried beans were the only thing worth eating, and I'm pretty sure they came out of a can.  The mole was terrible, the tamale dry, and the entire menu changed.  
I should have known something was up when I called a few weeks ago to order some take out and was told they didn't have steak quesadillas any longer.  I said, okay, how about the portabello? still no.  Now having been in customer service one might say, "hey we have chicken and/or a cheese one?" OR they could have said "no, but we could add beef to a cheese quesadilla for you."
But no I didn't take it into consideration, just figured that they had a new server.  So we went, and it was bad.  Mexican food doesn't need to be fancy, but it should be tasty.  And then, after the bad tamale, mushy Mexican rice, and g-d awful mole enchiladas, we decided to order dessert.  We were after all still hungry.  To say dessert was a disappointment would be an understatement.  I mean a fried ice cream usually means  exactly that, ball of ice cream, dipped in batter, fried.  A fried ice cream DOES NOT mean a giant ice cream ball rolled in corn flakes.
So yeah.  It's BYO: yay!  Service was friendly: yay!  Food was awful: I will never go again.
Really, call me.  I live four blocks away, for the $20 I gave them, I will make you a delicious guacamole, some carnitas tacos, and maybe even a flan.  I promise not to drown the flan in cinnamon.Despite all the bad reviews,  a friend and I decided to venture to Pico de Gallo.  We were determined that it would over come the reviews.  Sadly, the food did not.  The burrito was disappointing to say the least.  I will give it two positives though: BYO and close proximity to my neighborhood.Not very authentic.  
Their version didn't really fit my palate either.  Burrito was pretty aweful and dull.  Kinda funny to ask for an authentic chimichanga, but it had the same dull taste to it as well.I order take out from here every couple of weeks or so.  For the most part it has been very consistent.  I am a little surprised at the harsh reviews.  Maybe the dine-in experience is different than take out.
We pretty much stick to the burritos,  the Pork with plantain is great and my favorite is the chicken with rice & beans - I add guac to make it one of my favs in the city.I've been to Pico a few times (I actually could have sworn I had already reviewed it), but this past weekend will probably be my last.  As everyone has already mentioned, the food was bland, and there's no need to go into further detail.  However I think it is important to note that a side of "Chile con Queso" is a $7 plate of CHEESE WHIZ.  I seriously thought they were joking when they brought that out....The place is getting worse and worse. My friends and I went on saturday night at 9pm...there were open tables, but the hostess said a 40 minute wait. What was everyone who was waiting over at Bob and barbara's? 
It is also unclear as to whether they still have beer and tequila. So we lugged a bottle of tequila.
After the 40 minute wait speech we just went to Grace tavern up the street.
Sadly very few cheap mexican restaurants are left!I wasn't moved either way from PDG. 
Here is some advice:
Stick with the bottled selection of beverages.  The margarita and sangria drinks left something to be desired in my opinion.  I wished I had ordered a beer.
The salsa verde is rather spicy.  This comes on the traditional chicken enchiladas so beware.  I used all the sour cream to neutralize the fire in my mouth.
Burritos are quite sizable! Probably get the most bang for your buck with these.Another vote for "gone way downhill recently". A long-time regular, we won't be back. The service, the menu, and the quality of the food all took a nose dive recently (I heard rumors of a change in ownership). Just one example - the rice was so salty as to be inedible (even my salt loving daughter refused it). How can they get rice wrong?!? I'll miss sitting outside and enjoying inexpensive mexican food there, but until I hear that something changed (again, this time for the better), I'll be elsewhere.I had a fish taco there this one time. But I am not gonna talk about that. I want to talk about the Baja Room -accross the road and owned by the same people.  Friendly bartenders, cheap drinks. The home of the Mexican Carbomb- a different take on a city wide special. Try it - you won't regret it. This is the place where all tequila-soaked saturday nights should begin.Update:  I've been here twice since my review and I was either a) under the influence of something, or b) this place took a nosedive.  The lemonade was decent but the "#17 - free range chicken with rice and bean burrito" I had was so dry and tasteless I was offended by the price and location.  
I won't waste anyone's time with my latest dining experience.  The running theme seems to be that service is bordering on the far side of nowheresville.  
If I wasn't such a nice guy this would probably be a number one stunna but we've all been subjected to worse.  
At Crown or Lincoln...
I had a pretty tasty chimichanga there.  
Nothing amazing but reasonably priced and satisfying.
Tight seating.  
Hint: There's an ATM at the Town Food (13th and Lombard)Good for basic mexican food, but I always leave wanting more! Not in a hungry way, but in a not-totally-satisfied way. Their portions are reasonable and even the burritos are big, but its just kind of basic.
I also happen to be from California, where we get the best Mexican Food outside of Mexico. I suppose I have high standards...I just got back from my first trip here and it was was delicious.  I'm a native Texan so I know a thing or two about Mexican food.  Great chips and salsa.  The interior is unassuming and small but has a lot of interesting stuff hanging in every corner.  There's only a few tables and it just so happened that we were the last of about 5 tables to sit down with a few minutes, so it took a while to get the service going.  However, the server, Herb, was very friendly, and after we ordered 2 Mexican Dinners (a combo with enchiladas, flauta, chalupa, rice, beans,etc.) he told us it was served with a free margarita, which was a nice touch. The margarita was awesome - the mix was sweet yet tart and it had the right mix of tequila.  We also had the nachos to start which were delicious.  I was really impressed with the food - it all tasted authentic and the tortillas were definitely homemade - so ignore all the ignorant posters who say otherwise. If you take two minutes to look inside the kitchen from the street you can watch them make them.  Also the fact that they come in various sizes and aren't perfectly round would alert you to that fact...but I'm assuming most Philadelphian's concept of Mexican involves Taco Bell at 2AM so it's to be expected.  Anyway, I'm definitely going back to Pico and I would definitely tell you to go try it.  It's really tasty and when you're looking for that perfect mix of tortillas, cheese, beans, rice, and meat, it's a great choice.The decor: think Cinco de Mayo party all year-round. Even Che makes an appearance in the corner. I really enjoyed the pew-style benches. Chips and salsa automatically being brought out are a definitely plus, but the salsa and on the watery side (and spicy, but I liked that part). The host also was the waiter, which worked out fine, even with our party of 15 that took up half the restaurant. We ordered pitchers of margarita (recommend the fresh-squeezed OJ flavor!) and sangria. I ordered the two-cheese quesadillas  with a side of guacamole. The quesadilla was large, but tasteless. The guac was pretty bland, too, as if they just mashed an avocado and put it out there, no cilantro, no salt, no lime. They are not a BYOB, but their sister restaurant across the street is, while they're waiting for a liquor license. Both are CASH ONLY, so be prepared! I would go back, but only for drinks.I tried to like Pico, I really, really did.  There always seems to be some issue.  the food is delicious... everything I've tried is tasty.  But the wait staff is shoddy and menu items and prices seem to change inconsistently.  The place bounces back and forth from BYOB to having a liquor licence.  Sometimes the "5 taco plate" comes with 5 regular tacos, sometimes 3, and sometimes 5 mini tacos... all at the same price.  Who thinks thats a good value.  I went last night and it seems like the owner has shifted all his energy into The Baja Room, his place across the street (which is awful!).  They served us on paper plates with plastic forks and knives... who goes out to dinner to eat with plastic?? I ordered a bottomless ice-tea and not once was I offered a refill... I had to ask each time.  We ordered chips and salsa and we got chips, they were out of salsa, and I was charged for chips and salsa.  I won't be back.I have been on a hunt for a decent burrito close to rittenhouse and I still am. I ordered the pork and plantain burrito, which could have been saved with some more sauce or guac or something, but it was sadly really dry and i was forced to order another margarita pitcher to help wash it down. The aforementioned marg pitcher is actually why this place got 3 stars, as they were pretty strong and did the trick. I liked the atmosphere of this small place complete with tissue paper cutouts hanging from the ceiling, but the service was kind of weird and not super attentive. all in all, i might go back for a marg if i'm in the neighborhood, but would probably pick up food beforehand.I had dueling experiences.
First time I went the food was bland, everything was just kind eh, the prices were reasonable.  Was happy that they serve Mexican Coke.
Second time I went the food was much better AND I made the most brilliant decision of my life, I ordered an Arnold Palmer and it was served to me in a pitcher with a straw!!! Very cool!
If you can't figure out any other places to go go here, but even the cool Arnold Palmer isn't enough to make this a first choice for me ever.This is really 2.5 stars.  (insert obligatory comment about Yelp providing half stars).
You know that first episode of "Doug" where Doug is trying to order for the first time at the Honker Burger, and he uses the common names for things like "cheese burger with no onions" but instead he needs to say something like "moo cow" because the person taking his order doesn't understand it any other way (despite it saying "cheeseburger" on the register)?  That's exactly what happened here.  I was here with two friends, and the first to order said what he wanted, and the waiter said "what number?"  Then, my other friend said "I really just want rice and beans" to which the waiter replied with a long pause, followed by a rude "so.....what number do you want?"  Luckily I was third so I knew to order by number, but you're telling me that if you went to the kitchen with a ticket saying "rice and beans" or "chicken taco" on it, the cook wouldn't know what to prepare? The cook only understands "4 and 12"?  Give me a break.
The only thing is, as much as I want to continue shitting on this place on principle, the sausage taco was really awesome.  The other ones were ok too, but I'd recommend the sausage taco.  I mean number whatever.Worst restaurant I've been to in recent memory.  Went on a Friday night, scored an outdoor table, and then.. just.. waited.  For a long time.  Only to finally get accosted by a waiter who I think thought he was being cute when he told us that we couldn't have the shot-and-a-beer special listed on the menu because the Coors keg was being funny and pulling from it was "too much work for him" and he wouldn't sub out for a different beer.  Also, only ever brought one basket of chips for our party of six for the two hours we were there.  Worst server ever.
Then, the food.  Borderline inedible.  Chicken had literally no flavoring on it and was shoved inside strange hard tortillas.  Nachos were meager and taco salad was actually 85% shredded lettuce.  Overpriced, totally disappointing, and they didn't say anything about it being cash only until the very end of the meal (it's not anywhere on the menu either.)
Bottom line: Go anywhere else.It is worth noting that Pico de Gallo is no longer BYOB.  
As for the food, I was generally unimpressed.  The fish tacos were good but much different than what I expected from my fish taco experiences out west.  I also order the black bean, cactus, and portabello mushroom burrito.  The cactus seemed undercooked and the burrito didn't have much flavor.  I commend Pico de Gallo for making their tortillas but the one that wrapped my burrito wasn't great and feel apart easily.
Sitting outside along South Street, along with the laid back and friendly waitstaff, was definitely the highlight of the dining experience.
I'm new to Philly and haven't experienced great Mexican food in the city - yet.  I know it is out there but unfortunately Pico de Gallo isn't it.i don't care is they really do charge you $3 for extra guacamole, their burritos are that damn good. i always get #19, it seems, the one with pork and plantains and black beans, but i substitute chicken...and it is so good. the sides of plantains are yummy. the giant salad that i can never find on the menu that comes in the crunchy bowl (which kind of defeats the purpose of ordering the salad sometimes) is worth it. 
in any case, its my favorite mexican place. it can get a little 
overcrowded, but the decor is faboo and the outdoor seating is a major plus. brunch is great, especially now that they have their liquor license and $10 all you can drink margaritas, which are pretty sweet. overall, it's a nice low key place with near-great food.I keep trying to go to Apamate (churros!), but they keep weird hours. So tonight we turned to Pico de Gallo for a quick, but tasty meal.
They serve chilaquiles, which was my favorite breakfast when I worked in Mexico. I've never seen chilaquiles on a menu in the States (being as they are a sort of humble, use-up-old-tortillas food), so I had to get them. As it happened, our waitress didn't even know what they were... which was a little weird. Unfortunately, they seem to be using up their old chips, not tortillas. And at $9ish, it was the most expensive plate of chilaquiles on either side of the border! (Gringos: this is like charging $9 for scrambled eggs.)
My boyfriend really liked his tamale and watermelon margarita. Veggies note: it does not explicitly say on the menu that the black bean and jalapeno tamale also has chicken in it. But it does. Okay.
On the plus side, their mole sauce is *really* good, the iced tea pitchers are epic, the decor is good-weird, our servers were friendly and efficient, and the outdoor seating was pleasant and perfect for people-watching.
So I'd go back, as long as Apamate keeps denying me churros.I've never had a bad time here and I don't think it deserves 2.5 stars at all. Maybe the staff doesn't always have a twinkle in their eyes, but I wouldn't say its any worse than any other place I've been. I just tried another highly rated place on 2nd and South, and I missed Pico De Gallo. I think their menu has a good selection, both variety wise and price wise for lunch or dinner. 
The food is great, the ingredients seem fresh, and its Mexican food so what else really matters? You can go to a taco truck in south philly and get something more authentic and just as delicious as anything you can get elsewhere. So that being said, Pico De Gallo is a little cheaper than most sit-down Mexican places, I've never had a negative dining experience there, and the Mexican Platters are awesome.This place sucks.  I've been there a handful of jobs, each time with the hopes of some positive changes... but nope!
Food: eh.... bland... boring... nothing impressive.
Service: HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE.  
Dear Staff: You may hate yourself for being a server at a crappy joint, but that's no reason to ruin my dinner.  Thanks.I was at Pico De Gallo for Roast Pig with a whole group of friends. We went to the restaurant with very high expectations--for 235 dollars (even before tips and tax), it had better be good enough. However, the meal turned out to be a bitter disappointment. 
For one thing, we made a reservation for the dinner at 3 so as to avoid the crowd and to cut the wait time, and yet it was not until 445 were we served with the roast pork. In the meanwhile, everyone at the table was starving. To kill time and to alleviate the hunger, we had to fork out extra money for the chips. To be fair, the chips weren't bad when I was really hungry.
Secondly, the roast pig was way over-priced. The menu said that the roast pig was for 13 people, but we only had 11 people to share the pig. Even so at the end of the meal, I felt it was not enough. I only eat moderate portion for meals, but a quarter pound of pork was hardly going to fulfill my appetite anyway. Despite all these, we ended up paying 30 plus per person and that is enough to cover a decent meal in a most of the steakhouses. 
During the meal, I thought the side dishes (black beans and some mixed vegetables) were not bad. To think about it in retrospect, they were mediocre at best. I guess hunger was in the play and simply made everything delicious. 
Lastly, somehow the shop owners decided that customers should simply put up with the relatively small size of their restaurant; their opinion was obviously reflected in their mini tables. Each of the tables measured approximately a foot and half in length and a foot by width. So when we sat in as a group, we literally had to rub shoulders. It was quite a horrible experience for a group. 
To sum up, I would never return to the place again. It's not worth the time, the money and the squeeze.ok, well we know i love the food at pico. and the atmosphere is fantastic. the service is mostly miss and every now and then comes close to something that approximates a hit. 
but i simply left last time i tried to dine there. entering with two friends, we asked for a table. there were several available, but they needed to be bussed. and the waiter very gruffly ordered -- not asked -- us to wait outside while he took care of other things. but get this: the other waitress asked us, patiently waiting outside, if we were waiting for a table, and walked in. we followed. the waiter BARKED to us to wait outside. 
we waited at the jamaican jerk hut. not as good plantains, but miles ahead in service.I went to Pico de Gallo with a friend on a recommendation.  Like Caitlin, we were unaware of their plastic policy so the meal was interrupted by a quest for an ATM.  It is small, a little bit cramped but they have more selections than many Mexican-American places.  I had a chicken and bean burrito which was pretty tasty and huge.  I love guacamole and there was plenty of it.  It's also BYO so make sure, if you fancy an adult beverage, you bring it along.  The salsa was pretty fantastic. The service was pretty slow, but that might have been down to the fairly high volume and lack of servers.
Recommendation: I wouldn't go there for an intimate dining experience, but for lunch it ain't bad.Is bringing/carrying cash that much of a problem? There is an ATM right around the corner, after all. I do realize, you don't want that cliche date move... but then again, this isn't exactly a date spot.
It's a boisterous during weekdays, laid back during weekend premium lunch spot. They're quesadillas are monstrous, as are the very gourmet and organic-friendly burritos.
The fish tacos, a dish I'm rather fond of, are called "Baja Fish Tacos." They aren't Baja at all. There is no sauce, and instead, the fish is sprinkled with pico-de-gallo, which makes for a yummy, light entree.
Best of all, Pico has great outdoor seating. They have friendly staff, chips and salsa (complimentary) and simply delicious lemonade and iced tea in massive pitchers. 
I don't understand why this place doesn't win over the hearts and bellies of others, but I find it to be the best Mexican food south of Spring Garden, west of 11th.Are there not enough Mexican places on the corner of 15th and South?  Can this be the new Alamo?  In a city where a good Mexican food is defined by the location of the nearest Taco Bell,  must this place actually have two locations to operate directly across the street from one another?  I don't mean to be a hater... I still think that this place has great fajitas and I commend them on their guacomole.  
The chips were too salty in my opinion.    I just want them to spread the goodness throughout the city and not bunch up on one corner...  It may be very efficient for them somehow, but really?!
To be fair, in case any of you are about to yell at me... there are several high end Mexican restaurants in the Center City area... but few casual ones like this one.this place gets three stars for the food but the servers and atmoshere definately warrant another star. they have a huge menu with some pretty interesting items, passable sangia and bottles of tequila on the menu, and a corking fee for byob'ers of only 5 bucks! i look forward to coming back with a few bottles. the food may not be the best you'll ever have but e had a very good time.