We went here for a birthday dinner and oh boy was it delicious. We ordered the whole grilled fish, which was a branzino that night. The fish was perfectly cooked!! It was soft and flakey and super tasty. We stripped it right from the bone piece by piece. We also ordered the grilled cauliflower, which was complete with a caviar paste. The cauliflower was perfectly cooked and super yummy and flavorful. We also ordered a bottle of wine to complete our meal. I definitely recommend eating here!! The atmosphere is boho chic, the staff are super attentive and the owner is very nice.The drinks deserve an enthusiastic 5/5 for flavor.  They have a great list of unique beers and fancy cocktails.  The raspberry flute was extremely tasty.  Not too sweet, no alcohol taste, just smooth.  
Decor is fantastic.  Looks like they ordered from Etsy :P lots of reclaimed wood, poofy ottomans, and interesting chandeliers and other lighting.  My kind of place.
Prices are a bit steep, but I heard they have great happy hour specials.  I'll keep that in mind for next time.
I docked a star because, while I understand this is a seafood restaurant, they make exceptions for things like a burger or brisket sandwich, but seem to have no vegetarian options aside from salad.  It could alienate certain people if you have a large party coming in.I really wanted to love this place because it caught my eyes immediately with its artistic outdoor space and punny window painting of "Friends with Benedicts" next to a crab. Then I found out it had happy hour 4:30 - 6:30 pm EVERY day, which meant $1 oysters, clams, shrimps on a Saturday! Yessss.
The inside is very Bohemian feel, and felt like it could totally be a hipster's arts & crafts workshop if you took away all the tableware. Spent 10 mins just absorbing in all the art and documenting it. That aside, we practically ordered everything on the happy hour menu.
HOWEVER.
$1 oysters were on the extra small size (~3 inches), with a briny note and a mineral finish. I prefer larger and sweeter ones, so these were ok in my book. This was the first raw oyster experience for some ppl in our party, so I was let down that this was their first (and possibly) last impression for them. If you're really craving raw oysters on the weekend, this place seals the deal, but I'd wait for the weekday $1 deal at Oyster House instead.
$1 clams were not super fresh. Flesh was not sweet, and the taste was very fishy. Would've probably passed if I got to sample.
$1 shrimp was large, but not juicy nor sweet. It reminded me of the AYCE shrimp from buffets. Mediocre as well.
Fried cauliflower was WAY sour for some reason, like someone tripped and spilled lemon juice all over it. I would've liked it if it weren't for the sourness. 
Other items we ordered that were decent, but not memorable to order again - vodka martini (pretty strong), fried calamari (could be crispier), 8oz Wagyu burger ($14, but was it really Wagyu?)
Yummy items worth re-ordering: duck fat fries (hard to get these wrong) and scallop ceviche. 
Overall, could've, would've, should've been the new seafood go-to place but I wasn't impressed by the standards they held their seafood to.Great experience! They have a great happy hour everyday of the week. Went in with friends for a cocktail and apps and everything was great. Service was above the top as well! Definitely going back soon!Atmosphere and Service get 5 stars.
The food on the other hand was just ok.  
Ordered the Salmon Tartare which wasn't tartare at all.  It was actually cooked and was loaded with chopped onions.  It was more like a salmonfish salad.  Ended up sending it back.  Looking at the menu again after the fact, it does say 'poached', but that doesn't make sense because tartare mean 'served raw' so the fact that it was cook threw us all off.  
I ordered the lobster special with the grilled corn.  Having checked the website prior to going. I saw a picture of a lobster cut in half and grilled.  On the web it looked amazing.  What I got was the whole lobster cooked and just plopped on my plate.  It was very basic presentation, very messy and not at all what I was expecting.  The quality of the lobster was good, fresh and well cooked, but it was just a lobster with butter.  
Also ordered the bloody mary shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp were good and a large size, but there was no ummph to it.  Compared to the picture on line with the chili rimmed glass and spices, it was very basic.
Fried Cauliflower was amazing.  
Friends had the steak which was good but nothing to write home about.
I think this place has a lot of potential.  Maybe we just came on the wrong night.Wow.  So much about the place is so right.  (Our server was amazingly clueless, but I don't really care.  Everything else was so good I forgot all about her thankfully.)  It's hard to single any one item out bc we ate damn near everything on the menu, but I'd recommend doing what we did and go with a group (we had 6) and simply go nuts.  Gun to the head top 3?  Scallops, cauliflower and salmon.  The sauces are divine.  Portions are small, but so flavorful.  Didn't partake in the cocktails, but that'll be chapter 2 after the next visit.  They sound great.  This place is gonna be around for awhile.  No doubt.This place is so cute! Stopped in for happy hour yesterday, food and drinks were great and staff was very friendly and attentive. Will definitely return!This review is for their happy hour dinner experience. After discovering their $1 oysters and clams HH deal, I had to come here, yes, 2 nights in a row. Maybe I was craving oysters??
The service was fantastic. On the second night we were served by a fairly new person - I believe his name was Benjamin. He was very friendly and attentive. The oysters were my personal favorite and my friend likes the clams. We also shared the fried Brussel sprouts with are well seasoned and addicting.
I had a sip of my friend's mojito and although I'm no expert, I do think the drink could have been mixed better. I'm definitely going to come here again for their happy hour if I have an oyster craving!This place was bananas good. We seriously tried 90% of the menu the other night and there wasn't one thing I didn't think was amazing. I suspect this place will prob start getting much more crowded once people are back from the shore in the fall.  I was pretty pleased with the prices too.Stopped in to Pine Fish on Saturday of the July 4th weekend. We were happy to find they offer a happy hour 7 days of the week. We had the oysters, which were fresh and shucked perfectly in that neither one of us chewed on any shell pieces. We also had the octopus, which we really liked, but the star of our meal was the crab cake. The service was great and we also really liked the decor. We'll definitely be back soon.Ahhmazing. A new find that blew my mind. Not many other places in Philly have an oyster happy hour but this is the one you need to be at. 4:30-6:30, 7 days a week. The oysters and clams are amazing. The drink concoctions are ethereal. With a vibe that's half mermaid and half uptown exclusive, everyone feels welcome. The dinner and appetizer specials will melt in your mouth and wrap your taste buds in a divine blanket of flavour. The staff is top notch and the management will make sure your experience is perfect. If you haven't been, you are missing out.This restaurant got good reviews and was close to our house, so we decided to try it. I really wanted to like it.
First, our waitress was odd.  She said to us" you aren't locals, are you?"  We said we lived very close. She seemed annoyed. I ordered two things and my husband ordered three items. She made it so two of his came out first , and nothing if mine. Then he ordered a beer, and after 5 minutes she came back to say she was trying to get the bartenders attention. The bartender was standing there doing nothing. 
I could get by the odd service if the food was good. My husband orders the wedge salad. The menu didn't say what dressing, and nobody asked.  It came out and the salad had beautiful vegetables but was covered in large amounts of pink ,gloppy dressing. I asked the waitress what it was- and she said" 1000 island or Russian.  I don't know". This dressing tasted like cheap dressing and ruined the salad.  
I ordered the brisket. The menu said it had mustard and onions on it. When it came, there was no mustard or onions. I asked the waitress, and she said they were mixed in. Really?  The sandwich was salty and mushy. Best thing is, they brought me some of the pink, globby dressing with my fries. (Our neighbor table had crab crakes- and they were fried with the same dressing!)
My husband said the whole fish was good. Even though that was the case, I can't get over how bad everything else was. 
I will not be back.My husband and I tried Pinefish on a weeknight- There was only one other couple dining in the restaurant at the time. 
We started with two small plates, mussels and grilled octopus, both which we liked (hence the two stars). Our issue was unfortunately the service. we placed an order for a burger (medium). 15 or so minutes go by, and the waitress comes over to apologize that the burger is taking so long, "the kitchen is backed up". We thought this odd given there was only one other couple in the restaurant, but weren't in a rush so told her not to worry. Another fifteen minutes go by, without any further explanation, before the burger arrives...and it is raw. We explain the waitress given the wait we will just take the check. We receive it with the burger still on the check, and have to then call the manager over who had been sitting at the bar the entire time we were there aside from chatting with the other table. She blamed the waitress for not telling her, but offered no apology or explanation for why it took 30 minutes for a raw burger. I've worked in the restaurant industry for several years and think of myself as an easy to please customer who understands the snafus can that occur- unfortunately the manager's handling of the situation reflected really poorly on the restaurant.pinefish is easily my favorite neighborhood spot! The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating! Leslie and Lauren make the experience exceptional with their upbeat personalities and their unprecedented service !! I have never been disappointed by the food and look forward to their happy hour all week! I highly recommend stopping by if you are in the neighborhood or looking for your new regular bar!!!Hmmmmm.....I struggle with this review. I love the idea of a new seafood restaurant in the neighborhood. The interior is funky, cool and dark. The bar is small. The happy hour menu is great on first blush and the price points are great however they are consistently out of a lot of items or are they??  Why they are always out of the lobster roll they are simultaneously pushing a lobster tasting menu which obviously comes at a much higher price point. Strange and kind of manipulative. The food they do have is hit or miss. Have had the octopus twice; first time perfect second time inedible. I don't think I will be returning.Great mussels
The scallops, ceviche and roasted tomatoes were . 
The key lime dessert was delish
The food quality was better than I was expecting, so I would definitely recommend it. 
The service was a little wonky the night we went. Always courteous but sometimes MIA and an ordered dish was missed/forgotten/took very long so we cut it out. Server apologized at the end and said that they were dealing with a birthday party. I didn't care so much for the tablets they used to check us in or take our orders, because it still seems rude to me to be looking at a tablet, but I know that's the way the world is going and I have to get used to it. 
I would go back and give them a second chance at service!Happy hour was legit. I always go for the cauliflower  and 1$ oysters. The cauliflower always takes a long time to be served but it's really worth the waiting it will totally change your opinion on cauliflower. No kidding. Dessert is a must! Cheesecake brownie was sooo good and the ice cream topping even brings it to another level. And literally all entrees are good, I have been there for several times and haven't been disappointed by any of them. However, as a frequent diner at this place, your dining experience really depends on which waitress you got. My heart sinks every time I found that arrogant, impatient waitress would be serving me again...I really want to love this place, but there is a huge lack of service. I've been to the restaurant 3 times. The first time was their soft opening. I got the usual service of a new restaurant. Slow moving kitchen, overwhelmed  servers, and a bartender getting to know their bar. The food was well prepared and tasted great. The second time we stopped by for dinner on a Sunday evening. We did not have a reservation and walked in. There were a few tables open with dirty dishes on them, but the rest of the place was full. We were finally acknowledged and seated by the windows after 10 minutes. Unfortunately we were ignored for 15 minutes after that. The table next to us was talking about how long they had been there. We chatted for a bit and found out that they were going up to the bar to order drinks for the lack of service. At this point we opted to leave and get dinner elsewhere. The third visit was for happy hour. It is not the best deal in town, but they do have a couple of good things included on the happy hour specials. The bartender was chatty and a good time, but you could see the frustration with the lack of ingredients he had on hand. Fortunately we stuck to wine by the glass. The hot food at this visit was really tasty, but the same could not be said for the raw bar. We were served 12 oysters without the brine, 3 shells were completely broken, and 3 were served on the top shells. Sitting at the bar, I got a view of the guy preparing the oysters for other tables, carelessly pouring the brine out of the shell while struggling to open them. 
Like I said earlier, I really want to love this place, but they make it really hard to do so. They really need to get their act together and hire the right person to make this place what it can be. Their menu is well put together and they offer some good combinations.We went to Pinefish Saturday for an early Valentine's Day dinner. It is a fairly large space given its location and seems like a place you would probably be able to walk in to get a table (we had a reservation). When we went at 6 pm there were some empty tables. We were drawn to this restaurant not only because of its fish-forward menu, but also because of its weekend happy hour! We greatly appreciated the normal hours for the weekend happy hour, as many restaurants will either not do it over the weekends or change the hours. The happy hour selection is also fairly varied, and we ordered a lot off of it (two glasses of wine each before it ended, an assortment of clams, oysters and shrimp, brussels sprouts, and the sliders). The waitress was great and checked in with us before happy hour ended to see if we wanted to add anything else. To round out our dinner, we also had scallops and salmon from the small plates side, and the twin lobster tails. We just kept ordering throughout our meal. It would have been nice if the waitress had given us an idea of how many dishes two people typically order. By the end, I was extremely full. Our favorites for the night included the scallops, salmon, oysters, and brisket sliders. The lobster tails were really good but we had also had Maine lobster in the recent past so it is tough to compete with that. Since it was difficult to judge how much to get, I would say we could have left off one, maybe two dishes, but it was fun to get to try a lot. Ambiance was nice too. If in the mood for a lot of seafood, I would definitely recommend!Similar to my review of Harp and crown, this Fish restaurant on Pine street, hah, tries hard to win you with the decor and ambiance but the food shines through. Hipsterish in terms of decor, vibe and staff. Very "chill, furniture doesn't match, sit on bean bag" type ambiance when you get in. I'm not knocking the theme, it just isn't my type. They do have a room to the side for more traditional seating so to speak. Anyways, I expected the food to be made by a good "home cook" what I mean is that we all have that one friend who can cook amazing home meals and always hears "you should open a restaurant". I was right, the menu was made by a great home cook, it's creative but not refined. I had the Lobster bisque with lobster roe, I wanted to ask if I could take a BUCKET of it home. Miso cod and 20oz short rib? Both fell apart with a flick of my fork, tender, juicy and full of flavor. The key lime pie was a "creative" take, a jar with some cake on the base, filling, topped with more cake, a bit too tangy for my taste. The chocolate cake though, the chocolate cake. It had a good CRUST and was moist and DENSE in the middle, I don't know about you but that's how I like it and it's the only place I've ever had it made like that. Just go try for yourself, expect casual yet delicious home style meals. This was also based solely on restaurant week to keep that in mind about my menu options.Food is amazing here! We enjoyed the scallops, tuna and crab cakes.  Also the ambiance was incredible - beautiful decor. 
However, the service is slow and the staff unaccommodating. There was no toilet paper in the bathroom; when my friend asked for more, she was told she was "needy" and was asked to give the waitress a compliment.  We found this unprofessional and highly inappropriate.Charming interior, attentive service, good acoustics, really good food.
We had fried oysters, brisket sandwich, grilled octopus, all with subtle twists.  Highly recommend.This is a quirky little restaurant.  The best way I can describe the decor is artsy Bohemian.  Our server was nice but I'm thinking she was sort of new.  After we had received our orders we heard another server giving a list of delicious sounding specials available that evening.  We mentioned to our server that she never told us about them and we probably would have preferred the specials.  No apology.  She said the swordfish and other dishes are very good and suggested we could try them another time.  She also didn't clear dishes from our 2 person table.  We kept moving them to the table beside us.  
We tried the octopus, oysters Rockefeller, cauliflower and cioppini.  They were good but I think some of the specials sounded more interesting.  I love octopus and spicy things but I'm not sure I think the sauce was complimentary to the dish.  The oysters were ok. The cioppini was good but the mussels were not of a very high quality. Very small.  The cauliflower was the best of all the dishes.Pinefish sits at the corner of my block on Pine and 12th, so I have had the pleasure of stopping by to peek in the windows at the interior almost every day for a few months now. Only recently did I find the time to stop in, and I'm so glad I did!
Their happy hour cannot be beat - $1 oysters and clams, $5 drinks, and $4-$5 sliders, fried cauliflower/brussel sprouts, duck fat fries, fried shrimp tempura and sushi...Pinefish has a good thing going. The oysters were very fresh and are displayed on a plate as beautiful an unique as the decor. My favorite is definitely the fried cauliflower- seasoned so well and fried super lightly so it's not overpowering. 
With so many great small plates on the menu, it's hard to decide what to try. I highly recommend the salmon - served over a parmesan cream sauce that I never thought would pair nicely with a fish, but I was wrong. I'd also suggest sharing the fish stew - it's not a large portion but with so many other things to try on the menu it's worth it to share just to get a taste. The broth has such a great flavor and is perfect for dipping bread into (which our server was very on top of supplying for us before we even had to ask). 
I'm a regular here now and I really hope Pinefish catches on! While there are a bunch of great restaurants in the area that have a similar menu, the ambiance, interior, and quick and friendly service is not something you come by often.I know it's seafood and it's supposed to be expensive but the portion we got on a cobia and octopus was half the size of what other yelpers posted. Granted this was 9pm and probably their last portions but damn give us a heads up or don't serve it at full price.Amazing food & service. Everything tastes so fresh & different. Salmon tartare was definitely my favorite, & the key lime dessert was to die for. Our server was extremely sweet, & the food came out quick & cooked to perfection. Would definitely recommend!First visit to this restaurant and we'll be back for sure. Service was great,  nice beer selection and both of our entrees were delicious. Very fun New Orleans type atmosphere.Went on the first Saturday they were open, and it was buzzing! There was a giant private party on one side, which brought some awesome energy to the place. We got there at 7:30 and had some great specialty cocktails, followed by a good selection of wine and beer. They were out of champagne, which was a bummer, though. It felt like we tried everything: tomatoes, scallops, octopus, salmon, cauliflower, shrimp, the full fish, the french fries and even had dessert. Everything was great! The service was fine, you could tell they just opened though, and everyone was figuring out their roles still. The place is small and manageable, so it wasn't a big deal really. Will I go back? Sure! Definitely need to try that happy hour. If you go soon, just be patient.Great addition to the gayborhood. Checked out their happy hour on the 3rd night they were open. Excellent job. Nice menu options, great beer selection, and the cauliflower and langoustino were amazing. If you a spicy sort - they even have scotch bonnet pepper sauce for their dollar oysters on the happy hour menu.  I will be back. Glad this is in my neighborhood.The menu isn't overwhelming but limited in a way that you want to order two of everything which is exactly what we did! Crab cakes were amazing, no filling which is what I expect from a seafood restaurant. Salmon was amazing and cooked to perfection served on bed of lightly sauteed spinach. The fried oysters were delicious as well. The staff was very accommodating and requested all sauces on the side to accommodate our dairy allergy. The atmosphere is relaxing in the dinning area and the happy hour/bar seating looked enjoyable. Thank you to Celeste our server this evening! You were so kind and attentive!My boyfriend and I were craving seafood and decided to make a reservation during happy hour for Pinefish. We got there just at the end of happy hour and were fortunately able to get a few $1 oysters and $5 drinks. 
Oysters were great, though I have little experience with raw oysters. The mojito was pretty sweet, so much so that I squeezed leftover lemon into it. 
We also ordered the clams casino, octopus, the garlic shrimp, the scallops, and the salmon. All were delicious, but I highly recommend the octopus and scallops! The salmon has a yummy sauce, in which we dipped our bread and anything else we could find. 
Our server (I think her name was Lauren) was also super nice and attentive. Overall, would recommend this place for a yummy seafood dinner!Very disappointed, maybe we hit a bad night but won't go again.  Service was terrible.  Totally forgot to place one of our courses.  Got the lobster special menu, all selections subpar.  Wine glass had lipstick on it and had to send back.  They still charged us for the wine.
Maybe the happy hour is the time to go but for the amount of money we spent, will never do dinner there again.They had already ran out or didn't have more than half of the appetizers / food that we wanted to order, which was crazy because we had 4:30pm, reservations. However what was available was very tasty and the staff is friendly. I would visit again hopefully everything will be available.Came here for a midweek meal as it is only a few blocks away from the home. I remember the restaurant opening up and having pretty high hopes for the seafood focus. We enjoyed our meal, but it wasn't very memorable. I wonder if there has been some improvement since those first few weeks since the restaurant was open. Each time I walk by on my way home from work, I think that it would be nice to catch a happy hour as they have a lot of one dollar seafood deals. I like the decor of the restaurant and everyone was very friendly and knowledgeable about gluten-free options on the menu. I am sometimes surprised that there aren't more people inside the restaurant. I will have to update the review following a happy hour visit or another meal. With so many restaurants in the Washington Square area, I am always looking for a place to leave an impression on me and I can't say that Pinefish did.I wanted to like Pinefish so much. It was the last restaurant on my 2017 list...and I wasn't super impressed. I've heard good things but my experience was so-so. Service was great. The sangria was delightful. The fried cauliflower was amazing. The duck fat fries were good. The crab cake has a lot of crab according to a friend. The cioppino was bitter (too much fennel?) and the bread had too much chili spread on it. 
I might come back for happy hour but wouldn't recommend for dinner.Best bar and restaurant in the city. Happy hour is insane! 4:30 PM to 6:30 PM every day: = dollar oysters, clams and shrimp! It's amazing. Super friendly staff.Friends and I checked out Pinefish for their happy hour last night, and it was an enjoyable time. The eclectic world/boho/vintage decor creates a warm and relaxing environment, and our server Celeste was both friendly & attentive. All of the small bites that we tried were quite tasty and reasonably priced. The brussel sprouts were seasoned perfectly and had a nice crispy texture, and the dollar oysters were delicious. We also shared the fries which were good, and I'm looking forward to sampling the rest of the menu. The only minor complaint I'd have was that the music was initially very loud and a bit classic rock for the space (there was a speaker above our table), but when we mentioned it to our server she lowered it, and it soon switched over to music more conducive to socializing. Looking forward to going back soon!Local places that specialize in seafood are rare, which makes it hard for me to want to identify some faults in a restaurant.  But I think it's important to highlight things for the restaurant to consider so that they can improve going forward, especially one so new and capable of improvement.  
Issues that we had:
- wine: fairly interesting wine list but the pour seemed really small; my friend contemplated telling them but decided not to; if you feel like you are being skimped on, it sets the mood for the rest of the night 
- food: 
A) octopus - taste was good, but it was two tiny tentacles; after being skimped on the wine, we looked at each other when the octopus came and were like "uh oh"
B) seared salmon - the skin was the best part - the fish itself was only ok 
C) whole live fish - the flavor was good, but next time I would have preferred a filleted fish (won't hold this against the restaurant)
Brussels sprouts were excellent though - paired with pine nuts and raisins with a slightly vinegary taste.New hot place. It's a small, cozy restaurant with exceptional seafood dishes. Very pleasant atmosphere, excellent service. Interesting ales on tap. Can't judge their mixed drinks since they didn't have most of them available when I came. It was a week after they opened. Great potential. Best grilled langoustine dish I've had especially given a moderate price for it.My friend and I visited Pinefish about 2 weeks ago. My friend was charged twice, and realized this while we were still there. She asked the waitress about it, and the waitress said she canceled it and if it did go through then call back. It was obvious it had already went through since my friend brought it up on her account. My friend waited and called back within 3 days and was greeted by a very rude woman. My friend was very upset by the encounter on the phone since the woman, who claimed she was a manager, forcefully denied charging anyone twice and did not even take the time to patiently listen. Her customer service was lacking and she handled the situation terribly. Doubt my friend will ever get the refund, even though it was promised to her over a week ago.Great food and service. The bohemian interior is really cool, and it's always a good time having dinner at Pinefish. The salmon and the sauce that comes with it are delectable, and the steak was cooked perfectly. The deconstructed key lime trifle was so good. Definitely recommend this restaurant.  Great beverage list as well.Sitting here now and just had the most amazing meal and service. Wonderful happy hour specials, EVERY DAY OF tHE WEEK!!! This is my second time here and it was even better than the first. Decor is beautiful and staff is extremely friendly. Can't wait to come back!!My boyfriend and I were craving seafood and decided to make a reservation during happy hour for Pinefish. We got there just at the end of happy hour and were fortunately able to get a few $1 oysters and $5 drinks. 
Oysters were great, though I have little experience with raw oysters. The mojito was pretty sweet, so much so that I squeezed leftover lemon into it. 
We also ordered the clams casino, octopus, the garlic shrimp, the scallops, and the salmon. All were delicious, but I highly recommend the octopus and scallops! The salmon has a yummy sauce, in which we dipped our bread and anything else we could find. 
Our server (I think her name was Lauren) was also super nice and attentive. Overall, would recommend this place for a yummy seafood dinner!When a place has to rely on gimmick to cover lack of quality, be concerned. 
Gimmick #1 - tons of happy hour or all day specials on things that are less than fresh. 
Gimmick #2 - using decor and "hip atmosphere" to mask a sad menu that is inconsistent at best. 
Read the reviews below - the first item spoken about is NOT the food. Rarely is the food mentioned as the great part of this restaurant. Chandeliers are mentioned. And at $25 for whatever fish they're serving, it should be topping the list. 
The same dollar oysters they offer end up scattered all over 12th street outside their garbage area which smells to high heaven. They are sloppy and unsanitary. 
The pedestrian, bar-like music is far too loud for a restaurant of any class at all. 
But Pinefish is not selling you class. It's selling you smoke and mirrors.So good! Very fresh oysters regardless of being in the city. Probably the best I've hadI really love this little restaurant and all the wonderful items on the menu .... the wedge salad is to die for all with most of the other items ...... this is my third visit ..... the best part of this visit besides the amazing food .... was meeting Leslie , what a wonderful fun gem she is ..... with great seafood and other items , super fresh and expertly crafted , great prices , and a wonderful accommodating fun staff ... a friendly accessible owner  .....what are you waiting for , give them a try .....you won't regret it ....Overall, an interesting experience but not sure I would want to have again. Several of us went for dinner here about a week ago: the service while warm and enthusiastic was not the best. Missed drink orders, pacing of food out of sync, and we were left waiting for food to arrive for quite a while. The food itself was nothing special: my wife and I each ordered fish - a sea bass and bronzino. The sea bass was overcooked, the bronzino was good but rather pedestrian. Liked the atmosphere but not sure I would return.Read the reviews before coming here. 
Straight to the food. I ordered 4 oysters from the Happy Hour menu which were dollar oysters( oysters, clams and shrimp were a dollar from the happy hour menu). They were subpar at best. Nothing special about them.
Happy Hour Mussels were 7$ and on menu it would be 12$. Flavor was Coconut Thai Red Curry. I wish they added more of the broth and less salty. Some of the mussels had a distinct taste which they were not fresh.
I tried the small plate - Scallops - Truffle Almond Vinaigrette. Worst dish I ate here. just oily and had no flavor at all. They cut up the scallops in half. I wanted the whole pieces as seen in photos. Disappoint for a 16.25$ dish. Skip it or try the Ceviche next time.
If you like cider apple try the Celt cider beer. Pretty tasty and yummy.
Noise level...it can get loud and the ambience is unique.
Service was good & friendly staff. Just disappoint on the food. Maybe come back to try another dish.This review is for the happy hour here. It is FANTASTIC. Everything is quality on the menu and the waitstaff has been nothing but accommodating. Highly recommend the brussel sprouts and cauliflower. You can't beat one dollar clams and oysters. The seared salmon was also really good.The decor in this place is so unique! However, the food itself is not so much. I dined during restaurant week so perhaps in fairness they weren't on their "A Game". However, the crab cakes were a HUGE disappointment. They were super salty and lacked real flavor. They were placed on a schmear of overly mayo-ish remoulade sauce topped with some watercress. It was such a bummer. I ordered a Manhattan to go with dinner and THAT was fantastic. Overall, the food wasn't TERRIBLE but it also wasn't something to "write home about."Excellent addition to the city and the neighborhood. Great atmosphere and very friendly staff.  The scallops were excellent and would definitely recommend.  Also had the octopus which was excellently prepared and presented.  Definitely need to check out this place!!!I came here during their opening in May and noticed some kinks, but hey it was the first day, so I figured I would give them another chance. Nothing improved.
Happy Hour, seated at the bar. Ordered a Cosmo and 6 oysters. Neither were anything to brag about. There's a wall split in the middle of the bar seating, leaving me out of view from the bartender and apparently out of his mind as well because he never came back. After 5-10 min with an empty glass, he finally came back and I requested the check. They use iPads, but had quite a lot of difficulty with getting my bill correctly, taking about another 10 minutes. I couldn't wait any longer because people were arriving at my house and I left my boyfriend to pay my tab, who informed me later that it took about another 10minutes after I left to settle the bill. 
Very disappointing because I love seafood and this place is so close to by house. Needless to say, I won't be back.i've heard many things about pinefish and after a long time, i finally made it in for happy hour one evening!  the restaurant was quite busy on a weekday.  i opted for the bar seats since i was waiting for the rest of my party.. the bar too was crowded but i took a seat at the corner.  I was super excited to hear they offer dollar-a-shuck too! It's been too long since my last oyster happy hour bc it's nearly impossible to get into oyster house every time! So I started with the oysters... then I added on an order of the Brussel sprouts. The oysters came first- one was a good plump size, another was like the baby of the bunch... Huh? Even though they're the same breed? But Ok... I guess the taste is what matters most right? They were ok but from just the first impression, they didn't look like they were the freshest.... 
moving onto the Brussel sprouts, wow they were insanely greasy.  Preparation was sub par and portion relative to price was not the greatest value... after those 2 things, I was ready to get out! Oh and I forgot to mention I also ordered a mojito? My verdict is that I really wish I hadn't ordered it... lol... it's hard to beat the mojitos from across the street at mixto. 
Basically, in my opinion just skip pinefish and moving onto the next place.  In their defense though, I feel like they just needed more help in the kitchen... that could be the issue.Made reservations for 4 or us for a Sunday night hoping to enjoy the 4 course lobster dinner.  I cannot begin to describe how bad the service was as we were seated for almost an hour and a half and didn't even get our soup or salad.  Had to go up to the bar to get our drinks.  I watch as a table next to ours waited at least 45 minutes and nobody brought them water, drinks or even menus.  We left after I went up to the manager and told him how disappointing this experience was and that I was cancelling our dinner order.  The only good thing was that he told us our drinks were on the house.  Proceed with caution is you want to try Pinefish.My friends and I had a really weird experience here. We walked in and waited in the lobby area where there was clearly a reservations book and telephone. Several severs and the bartender saw us standing there waiting to be seated, and no one even acknowledged us or said they would be with us shortly. The place looked somewhat busy but there were clearly empty tables. We waited in the same area for a hostess or server to seat us, or even just acknowledge we were there, and no one did. We left after about seven minutes of standing there awkwardly.The absolute worst Philadelphia restaurant I have ever experienced. Smokey, noisy, no one to seat you and after one hour.....NO Food. An absolute disaster. We left and ate across the street. We ordered an appetizer, two small plates two entrees and one side. The side came out by itself first. I sent it back next came one entree....the excuse. ..the kitchen was backed up because they only had on chef. DisgracefulWhat a jewel. We found it from Yelp on a quest for something different. Great hapoy hour - oysters were delicious.  Best dirty matinis.  The bartender was a true service person. So sweet and just so proud of the place. You must Have the Octopus. Delicious !! Best ever 
The final touch is the owner - simple and great speaking to the guests. Loved the decor and he painted it himself. We will be back with a group of friendsThis place opened this summer and I've visited for both dinner and happy hour on separate occasions. The place is decorated in what I would call bohemian mermaid with lots of teal and pink patterned fluffy pillows and chandeliers. There are 2 main rooms in the restaurant, one that seems more set up for drinks and appetizers as it has lots of comfy-looking couches and small tables for 2, while the other is set up more for larger groups for sit down dinners at long mismatched wooden tables. For happy hour they have $5 wine and buck a shuck oysters - sign me up. They do have a few items on the menu that aren't fish related, but that's the bulk of their menu, which can be inferred from the name. Some notable dishes I tried were the mussels, duck fat fries, ceviche, and scallops. All were tasty. The only complaint I have is with the service. It just seems a little clunky (I think they're still getting their sea legs), but that's not something that would keep me from coming back again.Sorry that Pine Fish didn't live up to all the hoopla that Mike @ Fox News raved about in his New Eat at sights in Philly. I live right outside of Atlantic City - where sea food is a given. Arrived at Pine Fish with a party of 10 and had No ready seafood  of (Fresh Oysters, or Lobsters ). Disappointed in this! However - my party of guest enjoyed "Happy Hour" and the Crab Cakes with very little fillers. Just shocked that a  restaurant that is supposed to stand out in sea food - would have None at 5:00 P.M.Me and a few of my friends came here last night to celebrate one of my friend's birthday. It was our first time here so we didn't know what to order. The menu was relatively small and there it was more of a tapas style place. Everything we had was very flavorful but I think the portion were a bit small. There were 4 of us we ordered everything listed on the small plate section except for the shrimp with head. We also ordered the soft shell crab which was their special not listed in the menu and the cauliflower from the veggie section of the menu. We enjoyed everything and the price was reasonable considering its in center city area. I would definitely return to this place.I tried this place twice because as a seafood lover, I really wanted to like it and support a local business.  Tried a happy hour and the regular dinner menu.  Both menus are overpriced for the size of the portion.  For example 5 (quarter sized) scallops for $17 dollars, plus limited options that seem to be variations of the same theme - mainly shrimp. Also, the menu holders REALLY need to be replaced.  The fabric feels filthy, it's like giving someone your very used business card, not a great impression.  Sorry Pinefish - will not be going back.I came here for happy hour on Sunday with my fiancé and father. They have buck-a-shuck and other specials from 4:30 - 6:30 every afternoon, including weekends. The place was just opening up for the evening, but the bartender greeted us and sat us quickly. The service was very good. The place is very casual and has a kind of restored secondhand look. The oysters we ordered were fresh and delicious. We also ordered the fried cauliflower and duck fat fries. Both were also delicious. We really enjoyed our experience and will definitely be back. They got very busy very quickly so get there early for happy hour.It has been a long time since I have written a review on yelp... Unfortunately, the high reviews currently on yelp encouraged me to a write a review. 
I was very excited to see a relatively trendy new spot open in the neighborhood, and by a relatively well known chef, but, the excitement ended here. The menu is confused and unimaginative. The dishes match this sentiment. We ordered around 6-8 small plates.. all of which came out within 20 minutes. If you are looking for a quick meal, come here, either way be prepared to eat fast and be underwhelmed.
I would come back for happy hour or a quick drink in the main room. Head over to mixto, which is directly across the street if you want a decent meal.Went for my birthday this week and it was so good! Cauliflower and brussel sprouts appetizers were great and the cioppinno entree was delicious. It was just enough food. Everyone in my group really enjoyed their meals. Go on a week night and you won't have any trouble getting a tableIt was okay. My $5 mojito was huge and strong, so that was a plus. Food was in tiny portions for happy hour, and service was slow. It was just alright, probably wouldn't return.Came here Thursday night for a late dinner. We were quickly seated, as the place was empty in the dinner area. The server came over took our drink orders and went over the specials. It's all small plates, so we ordered 5 items. We had the roasted tomato with parmesan, shrimp with garlic and butter, fluke with 5 spice, pork belly with scallops and the chilled lump crab with lemon. The crab underwhelming, but ok. The shrimp was excellent, cooked perfect with all that wonderful butter and garlic. The roasted tomato was good, nice flavor, simple. The start of the show was definitely the fluke. It was prepared perfectly! The flavor of the 5 spice surprised me, I didn't think it was going to go well with it, but it definitely worked. The pork belly came out last, which by this time I was almost full. The scallops were huge and the pork belly looked great. I ate a much as I could, especially the charred scallops, cooked so well. I'm not sure why this place was so empty, because the food and service were great!I visited this restaurant in December. The food was fine. However, I paid with a debit card & signed a (1) slip as unusual. When I checked my bank statement later in the month I saw that they had put the transaction in twice. 
I went to my bank and they contacted the merchant who feels they have a right to basically "double dip" so I am back at the bank (in March) still trying to get this resolved. 
I never heard from Pinefish. 
It seems someone there is very unscrupulous. 
Do not trust them!Our visit to Pinefish started off unfavorably, but it quickly improved.  There was no one to greet us when we walked in, so we were not sure if a host would seat us or if we were supposed to seat ourselves.  I understand not having a host but at least have a sign that says "please wait to be seated" or something similar. Otherwise your customers are just awkwardly looking around wondering what to do.  We waited five minutes with no acknowledgement from the staff.  Finally a man came over and asked if we wanted to do happy hour or dinner...this was at 6:29 and happy hour supposedly ended at 6:30 so I was confused why he offered us the HH menu.  He unenthusiastically asked if we wanted to sit in the front room or the back.  We chose the back, which I would recommend - although both rooms are cute.  Once our server came over things started looking up.  We both did the Lobster Feast menu in addition to some oysters and drinks.
Food
James River Oysters:Great! Hard to go wrong with oysters,
Lobster Bisque: Really good.  Served at an extremely hot temperature (better than being too cold though).  
Duck Fat Fries: Good - we polished these off - but I didn't really taste the duck fat.  I did appreciate how the fries came with their special fry sauce in addition to ketchup.  It's a spicy mayonnaise-based sauce which I thought was pretty good despite usually being mayo-averse.  Cute presentation in a fryer basket.
Fried cauliflower: Really good.  Crispy, a little tangy, and with a nice pop of flavor from the pine nuts.  I would get this again.
Lobster Tails with Truffle Popcorn - Wasn't sure what to expect at first - I thought maybe the popcorn would be used to crust the lobster.  In actuality, this is literally just two lobster tails with a bowl of truffle popcorn on the side.  Even though it was simple, I would definitely get it again.  Sweet, tender lobster cooked well.  Popcorn could have used a little more truffle oil but it was a fun side.
Vanilla-poached Lobster:  Glad to have tried this, as the flavor was interesting, but wouldn't get it again.  It was cooked well but the vanilla flavor and overall sweetness were a bit much for me.  I prefer to taste more of the actual lobster.
Brownie Cheesecake - Delicious!  I was worried dessert would a be a let-down, but this did not disappoint.  Our waitress described it as a brownie stuffed inside a piece of cheesecake.  It was not too heavy as the cheesecake part was more bready and eggy than a typical NY-style cheesecake.  It is served warm with a scoop of cookies & cream ice cream on top, and a fudge drizzle.  Perfect way to end the evening.
Service
I really appreciated the quality recommendations from our server.  She suggested the James River oysters over the other variety they had available that day, as she said the others were huge and may be harder to eat.  We went with her recommendation and were not disappointed.  I was also struggling to decide between the Lobster Pot Pie and the Lobster Tails with Truffle Popcorn, and she recommended the tails.  She let me know that the pie had a filling similar to their Lobster Bisque, and since I had already chosen the bisque as an appetizer, I might like something different for the entree.  Another great recommendation.
Drinks
Jever beer - Bottled German pilsener.  Would get again
Best Damn Sour cocktail - Very good.  Would get this again too.
Price
Spent about $130 including tax and tip.  For oysters, three courses each, 1 dessert that we split,  2 beers, and a cocktail, I'd say that's very fair!  Especially with all the lobster.
Happy Hour seems great with dollar oysters and shrimp, plus $5 drafts (even on weekends!).
Excited to come back for that.We got the duck fat fries (excellent sauce accompaniments), garlic shrimp appetizer (fresh warm bread to dip in the butter sauce!) and 2 fish entrees. My husbands miso cod was delicious on a bed of wasabi rice. My swordfish steak special had amazing herb crust and was atop truffle mashed potatoes with delicious Brussels sprouts. Lauren was an excellent server, and super attentive. We will be back!Went here for dinner recently.  First and foremost, the service was great!  I was late, as you can't park at all in this area, no matter the time of day/night, and they didn't mind at all.  Secondly, he was pretty cool with recommending different menu items and answering all my questions. The food:  First off, it was rez week.  I didn't have the intention of doing that menu, but ended up doing it.  The apps were ok, the duck fat fries were really good, the salad was eh, good, but didn't have much "stuff" in it outside the greens.  The surf and turf was also a pretty good menu choice, with the lobster really playing the star... as it was perfectly cooked.  Lastly, the deserts were great.  Carrot cake it up!  Def be back for their happy hour and possibly brunch- menu's looked awesome.  The space is also pretty different. Definitely deserves a try.Ate there twice since it opened.  An eager staff in the renovated Pine Street Pizza, what a difference. The small plates are indeed small, mostly fish but there is a sliced strip steak that was worth the price. The oysters we ate at happy hour were east coast and good. Service was fast. The house red was a cab, they have $5 beer and wine and one martini. There is a great mix of people there, not just gayborhood residents. We ate scallops, yum, crabcake, small but no bun, and oysters of course. Small plates so you will need at least 3 to fill up. Will go backWent last night restaurant week date had surf & turn I had crab cake both excellent.  Good food prepared propPinefish just popped up one day and my wife and I happened upon it by accident while we were dining at Mixto, right across the street. Purely intrigued by the decor, we went in and had some dessert and wine. The chocolate cake was incredible, but what was even better was the lovely bartender Alanna. She was very warm and hospitable and gave us some sparkling wine on the house. The next evening we went back to have a proper meal. To cut a long story short, we practically ordered the entire menu of small plates and appetisers. The staff was once again very gracious and polite and made sure we had a great time! The owner of the restaurant, Peter was also nice enough to stop by and welcome us. I'm definitely going back to this place, will try the grilled fish next time.This place is relatively small but with nice decor. 
I had roman lettuce salad with anchovy and softshell crab with mashed potatoes. It was simply delicious! Staff is nice and helpful. 
This restaurant is real jewel. Their sloga -Eat fish, libe longer. Is really great.I've been there a handful of times and still can't get a read on the place. 
We have gone for happy hour every time and the food is actually very good. Raw bar isn't my scene, but the rest of it I can vouch for. The skewers with shrimp are terrific and I'm a sucker for the duck fat fries. 
So why one star off? For one, their cocktails are too sweet. That's not a big deal and can happen anywhere as well as the cheap HH wine. But the service is just...odd. Everyone seems scatterbrained all the time. It isn't inattentiveness, but they never seem to know the answer to any question (What comes with this dish? What is the slider on the happy hour menu?) and I swear they all say it's their first day. If you can look past that and the fact that the menus look like a 1997 PowerPoint presentation, it's a good spot.Great addition to the neighborhood.  Beautiful and cozy decor makes you feel welcomed.  The staff is awesome!   Everyone is friendly and helpful.  Love love the food-  fried oysters, mussels, fried cauliflower, shrimp, raw oysters, actually everything.   It's all wonderful.   Highly recommend for happy hour also!   
Great HH specials.This place is good. The food is outstanding but do not go here for their mojitos. The beer was delish. The ambiance was very hippy. I went on a Tuesday night for their unlimited seafood cioppino which was amazing. The happy hour shrimp was pretty tasty too.Cool spot. It feels like being inside a really homey living room. There are a few couches and tables to dine at, as well as a bar area. The happy hour is alright: dollar oysters, clams, and shrimp. The seafood here is solid. Wherever they source it from, it tastes so fresh and delicious. In addition, there are fried shrimp, brussels sprouts, and cauliflower on the list as well. Draft beer was pretty limited, and was $5. The service was a miss tonight, and it definitely felt as though it was understaffed. For a full dining room, there was only the bartender and one other person serving. Will definitely be back to try this spot again.Miso Cod and Branzino were both a hit for our anniversary dinner. They have happy hour 7 days a week so we caught the end of it. $1 east coast oysters, buffalo shrimp, fried cauliflower were all delish! Really cute vibes, lighting and colors.A hidden gem.  The ambiance is adorable, warm, and cozy.  Decent beer on tap. Rob, the bartender, is super adorable!
The wait staff is super accommodating and the chefs are friendly and all smiles.