I was biking down Pine Street after a late volleyball game when I decided to pick up a slice.  Ravenous and exhausted, I popped into Pine Street Pizza instead of my usual, NYPD Pizza, which was 3 blocks over.  BIG MISTAKE.  Where to begin?
Because I wanted a single slice, the guy told me my only options were plain or pepperoni.  Being a lover of plain pizza, I wouldn't rant about this, as long as it was decent.  But it seems as if the owners of Pine Street Pizza called up the makers of Ellio's, asked for their recipe, and then thought "hmmm...how can we make this ten times worse and then sell it to people?" 
The slice they gave me had been sitting on the counter, but against my better judgment, I trusted the guy when he assured me that it had JUST come out of the oven.  Needless to say I wasn't all that surprised when I bit into some lukewarm rubbery cheese and greasy crust.   Really? This passes for pizza in Center City in 2010?  
The only reason I'm giving this place more than 1 star is because 1) I go there to vote,  and 2) I passed  a guy on the way out who was eating a personal pizza with green peppers that looked a whole lot better than mine.
With NYPD Pizza and Mama Angelina's in the area, I just don't see how this place can compete.  I'm sticking to those two spots from now on.why make pizza at home when you can go to Pine Street Pizza for $7? no coupons or other corporate BS necessary.The "square" pizza as they call it, is good. The only minor problem is it isn't seasoned. But I take the delicious pizza home and I lightly season it myself. (garlic,salt,pepper,oregano, and red pepper) Then it is absolutely delicious.  I like the location and I get extra sauce on my pizza for no charge. If a pizza place can make good sauce that's a major plus for me. The value of the pizza is very good for only 10$ per square pizza. I am disappointed however because I addressed a problem with the pizza today after ordering one every week and they told me I was WRONG and didn't offer to fix the pizza. So I REFUSE TO COME HERE EVER AGAIN. I am now changing my review from 4 to 2, there's NO REASON TO NOT FIX A CUSTOMERS ORDER WHEN ITS MESSED UP.I haven't had the pizza, because I can't resist the veal parm sandwich.  But the veal parm sandwich ROCKS.  Cheap and delicious.  And they've got a tv with the game on while you wait.I wish I could give this place three and a half stars.  It's not quite deserving of four stars but definitely a little more than three.
I have had Pine Street Pizza for years now, and I have to rank it pretty highly.  Their pepperoni and mushroom pizza is my standby on nights when I can't quite decide what to make or eat for dinner.  The crust is a little thicker than an Italian pizza place, but the pizza as a whole is actually quite good.
I normally order takeout and pick up the pizza on the way to my place.  The only time I've been kept waiting is when I showed up ten minutes early.  Otherwise, I always have a hot pizza waiting for me when I show up.I stopped in on a whim...no expectations. I ordered a white pizza with broccoli. I also ordered a side of breaded mushrooms. I am from north Jersey and had grown up on the best pizza this side of...well anywhere. Oddly enough you'll find the best in New Haven, CT. But Pine Street Pizza sucks royal balls. Enough said. Pizza is like Ellio's gone horribly wrong. Don't do it!Pizza tastes like something from a cheap bowling alley...which is fine if you're at a cheap bowling alley, but totally not fine if you're at a place that supposedly specializes in pizza.  
Oh, and if you walk right past this place because you mistook it for an abandoned antique shop, just know you won't be the first.
+1 star for accepting LevelUp.  The $2 credit here made my $3(!) bowling alley pepperoni slice only cost me a buck.  I still think I overpaid.Um, ok, if you are 10, I guess this place would suit you. I got a slice and the cheese was like a thick sheet of plastic (very processed and likely very cheap). Walk a couple blocks somewhere else.Let me tell you about a story of a girl from L.A. who was wandering the streets of Center City looking for a good slice of pizza 4 years ago. After venturing on so many places recommended by good-intentioned but ill-educated peeps, she went to Pine Street with a friend on a regular weekday afternoon,
THEN HER LIFE IN PHILLY WAS CHANGED FOREVER.
Look, I'm not a pizza snob - Chicago, NYC, whatever - they'll all do for me, but now I know what it feels like to have a pizza place you favor over all others, and a pizza you love over any other.
Thanks Pine Street for being my neighborhood love.
The pizza here is so good. The crust is the #1 reason why I think the pizza is better than most. It's soft and thick, and the crust is slightly but not overly chewy (and a bit toasty and buttery), just like this girl savors. The toppings are the #2 reason this place is a hit. Pepperoni, sausage, peppers, mushrooms, onions, and garlic - hell yeah! My little, itty bitty grip is that the cheese is so gooey and tasty when you eat the pizza at the restaurant, but if you get it delivered it turns slightly rubbery, which I dislike of course, so eat at the place if you're near.
I seriously would come in and order a small pizza just for myself - it's that delicious. I already miss those days...I would do ANYTHING for some Pine Street and I just had it last week. :}I ordered a cheese pizza while in store to take home. While waiting, I noticed that all of their dough was pre-made and in stacks behind the counter. I like all pizza because even when it's bad, it's still good. Well, that is not the case for this pizza. I was particularly turned off by the huge mold growths on the bottom. Flip your pizza over before you eat it and check for yourself. Disgusting.Undoubtedly one of the best pizzerias in the city. I have been going to Pine Street Pizza since Forever! and the recipe has never changed. Thank you!Pine Street Pizza has some of my favorite pizza in the city. It's thick crust and not overly greasy finish make it a great find. My only issue is that the pizza's do seem to be a bit smaller than most you will find in the area. However, this is counteracted by the slightly lower pricing at Pine Street.
I would definitely suggest giving it a try if you live in the area and enjoy a thicker crust with cheese not drenched in grease as a lot of pizza seems to have.Great food at extremely reasonable prices!  I came in on a Friday afternoon when it was relatively empty, so I took my time and decided to eat in.  The shop clearly has its regulars, but service is prompt and there is minimal wait time for food.  This time I opted out of pizza and got cheese ravioli instead, but it came with a generous portion of garlic bread; great for dipping in the river of sauce that remains after the ravioli has been finished.  At this point I cannot attest to the quality of the pizza, but this is definitely a place where I'd be willing to bring friends!  Also, it's right across the street from Giovanni's Room, so go buy a book or magazine and read it while you enjoy your food!I was just reading Bill McThrill's review and wanted to toss in my two cents.  Pine Street makes the best white anchovy pizza in my book.  The more garlic the better and the crust is tasty.  I don't order there as much as I used to but I swear they see my number pop up on their caller ID and know my order right away.It's been a while since I've been to Pine Street Pizza, but oh, how I miss it so.  If you're looking for a "real" pizza (and whatever "real" pizza is, because we don't have much of it in Philly), this is not the place.  But if you're looking for a top notch "Greek-style" pizza (tons of cheese with a thick buttery crust), this is your heaven.  
The gyros are also tasty, and there's a fair amount of seating in the shop.  It seems to be a popular stop for cops in the area, and usually they're a testament to good food.The greatest hangover cure of all time. I have turned so many of my friends on to this place. Their strombolis are fantastic. I have had every variety in my 10 years of ordering from this place.I get mine minus the sweet pepper.  When I first started ordering them in 2000 they were priced at $5.75 and I think they are now around $6.75. You can eat half and have the other half for dinner. The woman behind the counter has always been friendly and the delivery guys are always super cool. Your typical neighborhood pizza and sandwich shop. My girlfriend loves the Mozz Sticks. I can honestly not complain about one thing with this place. Ok it tends to get a little hot in there in the summer but thats IT!Maybe their pizza is good, but don't order it for delivery.  It took way longer than they said it would and when it got to us, it was freezing cold.  Not even luke warm.  Completely cold.$7.00, deliverd to you hot in less than 15 minutes, and super good. What more could you ask for? Seriously?I used to work for this place and found that they have a rodent problem and management is oblivious to the fact...however they're food is great and their pizza and strombolis are amazingI used to live close by Pine Pizza and was in there probably too often, but with there expansive menu is was an easy choice. Their pizza is different with a crisp buttery crust so it's not going to be like that floppy New York style some places try to pull off unsuccessfully. Whenever I'm in town I try to stop by and fill that craving. Open your mind and give it a try, you won't be disappointed.This place stays open because it's cheap, Jonny S. ;P It's cheap and decent. For a few bucks it's not going to be your cats pajamas (is that right y'all? :P ) best food in town but it ain't going to suck either. I like the pizza although I prefer Mama's. They're not open as late either. I get out of class sometimes at midnight, I need it open later if I'm to trek over there. 
Never a long wait, cheap and decent. What more do you want for a quick meal? I think the owner just died which is really sad. I'm not sure how staff will change so just a lookout for that. If anything happens, you never know. Might stay the same. 
Large menu, seating and an ATM. I think they take plastic ps btw. That's a plus. I know their ATM was broken the last time I was there though. Might not be the norm.Decent Italian/American food. Nothing to flip your lid over. Pizza, sandwiches, wraps, fried food...
Ordered the Buffalo Chicken Wrap... Nothing I haven't seen before. A bit too soggy an drenched in hot sauce/bleu cheese dressing. Mozzarella sticks I ordered with them were a bit cold upon arrival.
Call 'em up if you want your typical pizza place food.Well, what Pine Street Pizza lacks in charm and ambiance, it makes up for in very competently deep-fried foodstuffs. I wouldn't recommend it on too regular a basis, but if you're in the mood for some quite yummy fries (and also maybe a salad, which isn't bad here, surprisingly), PSP fits the bill. I found myself craving fries the day before my LSAT (stress eating much?), and I was not disappointed at all.I was in this place with my work crew yesterday, March 27, 2014, this place had no drinks or chips. We left as we where leaving the old lady (that looks miserable) said "you are leaving because we don't have any drinks" yes and you don't have any chips. We found a new place to eat and lunch everyday at Jimmy John's a much better place.Too bad this place closed. Decent pizza and hoagies. Just needed a renovation as interior was circa 1975 (literally).Thick, buttery crust
Brown bag into wax paper
Unbeatable price
In Philly, forget Lorenzo's, my last pizza dollar would be dropped at Pine St. The crust is thick and buttery, best eaten with a knife and fork. The cheese isn't piled an inch thick, but toppings are. It's best eaten right out of the oven with a birch beer.
The rest of the menu is an education in grease. I'm sure they serve salad, but I'll be damned if I know what they taste like. Anything off the grill is great, especially the cheeseburger. It comes with fries in a greasy sack, wrapped in paper that is almost clear by the time you get it home.
There are always tables available to eat-in, just stick to the front area. The back section is filled with empty boxes prepped and ready for delivery and, occasionally, a table of locals who seem to judge you if you go looking for the bathroom. Kids wander in as well and hang out next to the stand up arcade cames and tiny television, which is always showing whatever Philly sports team is playing at the moment.I've passed this place several times on my way to south street, so finally decided to check it out.
AWFUL decision. The place just has an awkward feel right from the moment you walk in. They don't have a display of different pizzas or anything, just a ridiculously huge counter and some ovens.
A woman, who seemed like she didn't want me there, asked if she could help me. I then asked if they do slices, to which she replied only plain or pepperoni. When I asked how much, she said 2.45 for plain and 2.85 for pepperoni...2.85 for one slice of pepperoni?! At first I thought forget it, but they had a decent amount of customers (probably all just regulars that come in all the time) so I figured I'd try a pepperoni slice.
Huge downfall of having no display: can't see what the pizza looks like! Upon getting my slice, I instantly thought "what brand of frozen pizza is this?" Thick Greek style slices my @$$! This slice was awful! Instead of being thin but long, the slice was thick and short (insert inappropriate joke here, it is the gayberhood after all). 
Worse, it seemed like all they did was throw some uncooked pepperoni onto a plain slice, and didn't even bother to heat it up! The sauce tasted like some tomato paste, and there wasn't even enough of it. In no way possible was this slice worth $1.00, much less $2.85...I've visited a few pizzerias during my time here in center city, and this is by far the worst one I've been to!This place is great! If you want great pizza at a cheap price, then this is the place to go. I suggest getting a slice of Broccoli and a slice of ground beef pizza because they are both delicious. The workers weren't exactly warm and friendly, but they were never rude either and I every time I was able to get my orders quickly. So what some lack in warmth, they make up with speedy service and great pizza.
I would say to anyone visiting not to expect New York pizza because it isn't that, but appreciate the pizza for what it is, a different type of pizza and it's light-years away in great taste from the large chain pizza shops. 
The decor isn't upscale but they have plenty of windows to see the nice neighborhood and when you want to turn your attention to something else they have a television you can watch. Overall I would still walk 20 blocks everytime I visit Philly in order to have some of their pizza.For a neighborhood pizza place. they need to work on their pizza. it looks gross but tastes better than you might expect based on looks alone. 
some of my dining companions got hoagies, which did look quite good and were pretty huge.I've also had the problem where I was told they don't do individual slices.  Which is one of the weirdest things I've heard from a pizza place.  I don't know, but they may also make you buy soda by the six pack.
That being said, I've been at Dirty Franks when people came back with pizza from this place by the slice.
So I'm confused about if they do or not sell pizza by the slice or perhaps they are selective about who they will sell pizza to by the slice or what you possibly need to do to qualify for the privilege of ordering pizza by the slice, but I don't think I'll be stopping by Pine Street Pizza to clear that up anytime soon.
They got an extra star since I've never actually tasted their pizza.Thick crust Greek style pizza. Good tasting and not greasy. Also had the Greek salad which was equally as good. Ordered it on- line and was delivered to my apartment in less than 30 mins. For around $20, pretty good deal.I'm glad I found this place on my way back to Maryland aka the place where pizza goes to die.  This is a solid pizza joint with huge slices and decent flavor! I'll be back next time I head to Philly!Pine Street Pizza is my local pizza joint, just a few doors away from my house.  They have your order ready (really no matter how big or small) within about ten minutes, and everything is always fresh and fantastic.
Very simple pizza shop stuff - hoagies, grinders, fried stuff and pizza.  The pizza leaves something to be desired (its a bit like Domino's or Pizza Hut) but we occasionally order it in a pinch.  
The staff is basic Philly pizza joint - not the most friendly, but never snappy or rude.  It's Philly - unless it is a Starbucks, there generally aren't too many places where you will get a genuine smile, at least in service situations.Sigh - I should have listened to Yelp.
Having just purchased a home less than two blocks away, I felt compelled to give the most local pizza shop a try during a day of pre-moving maintenance/cleaning projects.  I phoned in an order for a large plain pizza that was ready when I arrived to collect it ~15 minutes later.  The shop atmosphere was dingy and odd, but I don't really care about that for take-out.  The pizza was small, had a dry bread-y crust, and an overabundance of quickly congealing cheap cheese.  Fortunately, the thing was cheap, and not inedible.
Maybe their non-pizza items are better, but I am in no hurry to try them out.Love Pine Street!  Pizza is nice and thick, very cheesy and delivery guys are friendly and fast.  Only reason it's not five stars is that the large pizza is not the biggest pizza I've ever seen.Always on the look out for reasonably priced pizza joints on my walk home, I've stopped into Pine Street Pizza twice.  Twice was certainly enough.
I'm a bit disappointed that a pizza place in this location is barely clean; the floors are continually dirty, the bathrooms dingy, and the lighting garish.  Now, I know that we shouldn't expect too highly of a pizza place, but being in such a good neighborhood with such foot traffic, one would think they might have the desire to at least make it appear nice.
The definining factor in my review, though, is the pizza.  It's Greek style, so naturally it's awful.  Overly greasy, thick crust, bad cheese, little sauce.  I ordered a grilled cheese the last time I was there and wasn't impressed with that, either.
I'd give this place a pass.When I lived in Washington Square West, this was my go to place for pizza when I didn't want to spend a ton of money.  The pizza is ok, the strombolis are ok, the subs are ok, and the salads are pretty standard.  They have a large menu, but do not offer pizza by the slice.  They have delivery, but I only lived 2 blocks away and didn't want to be that lazy...    The pizza is Greek style - thicker crust, smaller slices.  All in all a great place if you don't want to spend a lot of money but still want good food.  They have ample seating, if you'd like to dine in!I love Pine street Pizza, and it's so cheap! The white pizza w/ a side of ranch....amazing.My dad and I stopped here for a quick cheesesteak -- I did not try the pizza.  The cheesesteak was good, a little more bland than some other places and less dripping with grease, which arguably makes it better but sometimes when you order a cheesesteak you WANT the salt and grease.  :)Order here if you've run out of options late in the evening.  It's not terrible, but it's heaven if you want something delivered late, because it's one of the few options.  
We ordered a white pizza with broccoli and sliced tomatoes. The toppings and ingredients were good.   The crust is not as much local Philadelphia thin as much as it is like Pizza Hut crust.  Fast delivery, it was still pretty warm when we got it.  Next time I don't want to leave the apt late at night, I'll order from here.The menu is expansive with sandwiches, pizza, Stromboli, gyros,etc. I ordered a chicken cheesesteak and my friend ordered the pepperoni pizza steak. Side of fries and cole slaw.
The portions were huge, with both sandwiches at 12" each and PACKED with meat.  Yum.  
The french fries were hot and tasty - but a little soggy.  
The cole slaw was very greeek (sour) and came in a 12 oz cup for $1.25.  
The food was good, nothing phenomenal.  Given the size of portions, the value for the money was pretty good as we ate it again the next day.  AND they deliver!  I'll be back.  
Keeping it from 5 stars is:  
Soggy fries
Extra greasiness
The cole slaw came from a bucket.... maybe it was freshly made before being placed in that bucket, I don't know.  
Ambiance is very cafeteria... someone else commented romantic - I disagree.If I could give zero stars,I would. The food is freezer burnt and bland. I can deal with premade,i get it,it easier. But their pizza tastes like it sat in the walk in unwrapped for a month. The staff are ok, except for drivers:
Not only do they have incredibly loud annoying cars, but they continuously park in the bike lane,IN FRONT OF A HYDRANT! How do they not get towed?! That alone would make me hate this place,if he food weren't already awful.Neighborhood pizza place -- they are polite, fast, and the food is OK.  Sandwiches are better than the pizza.  Stick with cheesesteaks, strombolis, and wraps.Greek salad is huge and delicious. Chicken gyro is awesome. Overall consistent and exactly as described. Good pizza too.I LOVE THIS PLACE.
This was our "go to" place for both delivery and "eat in" for so many years in the 90's when we lived in Philadelphia.
I had a chance to rekindle that love this weekend. :)
I can only really elaborate on 2 items.  Cheese steaks (that's my wife's thing) and the Sausage Pizza. (that's MY thing!)
The cheese steaks are awesome.  You'll have to take my word for it on her recommendation.
Now on to the Pizza....
I read a couple the other reviews, and I agree, the crust is almost PERFECT, with it's buttery taste, with just that slight hint of sweetness.
The Pizza shell itself, is slightly thicker, (almost like a Boboli, but not "doughy")
Forget about eating it with a fork.  just treat it delicately when you start, and let it cool, just a bit.
At other Pizza places, I've had every type of "sausage" known to man.
From stuff that looks and tastes like pencil shavings, to giant sliced Vienna sausage circles.  (Yuck and double Yuck)
The stuff at Pine Street Pizza is the BEST!
Nice small round, pea-sized sausage balls, that are so flavorful, with just a hint of spice.  (not hot)   (almost like a very faint cinnamon, but not quite)
(see my photos)
Some things just grow on you from repeated use, but there is true quality, craftsmanship and consistency in their Pizza here!
I was saddened to hear that the owner, who was so familiar to me, passed away last year, but his daughter and the remainder of the staff (including their fast delivery) have kept the IDENTICAL taste and quality to what were our signature dishes.
It's so nice when some things stay the same!This place makes decent pizza and really good cheese steaks....HOW DOES THIS PLACE STAY OPEN??  Ahem.  The strombolis and hoagies must be great because the pizza is only advisable when one is desperate (which includes the pizza-craving stupor we're in when the bars close).  I don't know, somehow the genuine-prepared-in-advance-frozen-crust doesn't really complement the ketchup that they use for sauce.  It kind of amazes me that this place has been in business so long.The pizza is nothing special, and the cheesesteaks are not good. Also, their two delivery guys park blocking the bike lane on Pine or on 12 in front of the fire hydrant. Not cool.A good slice of pizza can really hit the spot every now and again, but the Pine Street Pizza won't do it for you.
I'm still looking for that Slice in Philly. Any recommendations?its a nice stop on my walk home yet im in no way a regular, but one day i was in a hurry and ordered 2 slices to go.  some how something got messed and my order did not go through right away.  
i didnt say anything but i wasnt happy, it wasnt til i got out the door i realized they gave me a whole pie
i wasnt something they had to make right but it sure makes me a more enthusiastic costumer of pine pizzaI am a huge fan of Pine Street Pizza, however I say that with a caveat.  The pizza here is delicious in a 'this is so greasy and terrible for me' sort of way.  What you need to know about Pine Street is that you can't order delivery, you need to go to the location.  The issue being that whatever kind of cheese they use goes from being gooey and delicious to hard and inedible in about 20 minutes.  Right out of the oven it's great, but by the time it gets to your door I wouldn't want to eat it.the pizza is ok but...the bathrooms are filfthy.  pure utter filfth!  wow!  the stench, then dirt on the floor.  ugh!!!  run people run!  
clean the bathroom.  disgrace!Pine Street Pizza falls firmly into the category of food you eat before going to a club or food you eat after getting out of a club. as long as you go in with that in mind, you won't have any unreasonable expectations.
the pizza is extremely greasy. decent sauce and crust. really nothing to write home about.
the dining room is low fi, to say the least - it's actually fairly skeezy, with a revolving cast of strange characters passing through, including at least one or two cops. most everyone is absorbed by the big tv mounted throughout the place. if you're wearing your beer goggles, however, this probably won't matter too much.Good pizza.  Gruff service.  Longish wait.  Kinda grody dining area.  Still a place I'll go if I'm in the area and want a slice.Pine Street Pizza is OK by me. I know I've ordered delivery from there before, but I don't remember what we had. I just know there were no complaints, and possibly no standouts.
I went with my brother recently, though... Christina, the counter-woman, is a doll. Treats her customers like family.
I ordered a cheesesteak, he ordered a steak stromboli. I tasted the stromboli after tasting my cheesesteak, so my tastebuds may have been a little biased by the stronger flavors of ketchup and salty cheese on my sandwich, because the stromboli seemed a little bland to me. My brother liked it, though, and I LOVED my cheesesteak, so no complaints.
I also ordered some pizza fries for us to share... I don't know WHY I am always ordering pizza fries knowing I hate them. The sauce makes the fries soggy and the cheese is hard before you get halfway through the basket. Boooooo.
Next time, I will try to refrain.Nothing fancy about the restaurant itself, but I really love their pizza and the way it's done. The crust/bread is a little bit thicker than your average pizza. So far, I've had their veggie, pepperoni, plain, and white cheese pizzas and I love them all. 
Some reviewers complained about the ambiance. I do agree that it is a little dingy and can use some upgrading, but when I go to a pizza shop, I'm not expecting a romantic environment. I want pizza that tastes good. Plus, most of the time I take my pizza to go since I work about two blocks away.The dude I'm dating has this place on speed dial because he lives close by and his Saturday post-basketball ritual is to order a stromboli from this place, eat it quickly and then pass out. What a hottie.
So being his dutiful girlfriend I joined in and tried to girl-it-up by also ordering their salads. That was stupid. Stick with just the stromboli. Even it's pizza ain't all that. Not sure why. But their sauce is sweet and the stromboli comes with peppers (which I pick out because I'm purist when it comes to strombolis but he likes them). 
Here's something that I don't know how to factor in the rating: Sometimes I see a white cat in the window on the times it's closed. Cute right? And then I'm thinking, hmm maybe they have mice? But it's city... etc so yeah I bet a lot of old buildings have mice. So it's nice that this cat solves that problem. ... And then I make myself stop thinking. Just like when I ONE TIME pissed off this waiter and I had to tell myself that he probably didn't spit in my gazpacho etc. Ok. That's all.Went antiquing one beautiful fall morning and happened upon this Pizza establishment.  My coworker and I both ordered hoagies which were both very good!  It's not the best place to go to, but it's worth a try.Pretty average Pizza at best. And last time I was there they weren't selling pizza by the slice which is pretty horrendous by my book. It is pretty inexpensive though So it's perfect if your looking to eat on a budget. Paolo's which is one of my favorite Pizza spots is only a block away. So if you're looking for good pizza and aren't too concerned for price keep walking!
Upon Marcello's recommendation I do need to try that Chicken Caesar Salad though.yo get your act together and start selling by the slice!! where the f do you think you are??Pine Street Pizza is AWESOME!
Last week I was in there 4 days in a row.  
The Italian hoagie is really good, it's also cheaper than Primo's and Sarcone's and nearly as good.  The meatball sub is amazing, nice spice and the sauce is pilled on and savory; all topped with provolone and baked in the oven for a melting sub of goodness.
The pizza is a thicker crust, which I normally don't like, but it is baked to perfection and they are not shy about the toppings.
I am working my way through the entire menu and will update as I continue my journey throughout the Pine Street Pizza menu.Best strombolis and amazing wraps. They deliver in no time.