I got to Pitruco too late and they had run out of dough. This made me realize just how much a part of my week these folks have become. Wed night is Pizza night. Trust me when I say that the Spicy Garlic pizza and the Radicchio pizza are about as unique as they get. Plus these guys have a wood fire in their food truck! That's the highest level of badassery I've seen in a while.Pitrucco pizza is delicious!  I am so happy they decided to join the food truck area at Love Park on certain weekdays.  I went yesterday around 11:40AM as to avoid lines.  It worked because we just walked up to the counter and ordered.  
I ordered the eggplant pizza.  It is slightly pricey at $8, but then when you consider what you are getting for the money, it's all good.  You get a personal sized pizza that will fill you up for lunch.  The dough/crust is perfect, fluffy around the edges and crispy on the bottom.  The ingredients are fresh and delicious.  
I actually like that they don't give you a box.  There definitely needs to be less unnecessary packaging in the world.  Plus you can start eating it on your way back to the office!   :)   The service is friendly and fast and you have to give them points for innovation - the brick oven on a truck!  
I will be back to try all of the non-meat pizza varieties soon.I've tried Pitruco twice and have had the Margherita and the Sausage pie.
For the fact that this is a food truck and at the ~$10 price point, this is amazing pizza. I've yet to try the newly-opened Pizzeria Vetri, but based on past experience with Nomad and Stella this is a contender for best Neapolitan pizza in the city. Now if you're a Neapolitan aficionado and have tried some of the best places in the country, then you are not going to be blown away here. But again, given that this pizza is coming from a truck, costs only ~$10, and is in Philadelphia where great pizza is still sparse (though the pizza scene is rapidly improving!), Pitruco definitely deserves five stars.
One issue, at least with their Drexel location - finding somewhere to eat your pie. A Neapolitan pizza doesn't last longer than a few minutes in a cardboard box, unfortunately, before the crust suffers. The second time I walked about five minutes with my sausage pie in the box and the crust definitely was not as good as the first time. In addition I did find the sausage pie to be a bit "gloopy" and heavy, and felt it was a bit underseasoned, but the flavor combo with the mushrooms and sausage is still very good.
For the margherita I recall the sauce being a bit overly salty and I found the flavor of the cheese to be disappointing. Usually Mozzarella di Bufala has a strong flavor compared to cow's milk mozzarella, but I didn't notice that here.
Again, though, this is excellent pizza and you aren't going to do better for lunch in U-City. Highly recommended.- TIP:  Try the Radicchio pie.  Very unique to them.  Also, their ending hours in the evening are variable, so it's a good idea to check ahead.  Or even order ahead (which I typically do).
- CON:  Nothing glaring, except the disappointment that can come up when they have to take a day off due to weather.
- BOTTOM LINE:   Great pizza for less than what you'd pay for a similar pie at Nomad or Pizzeria Vetri.  Trust the truck.(5) ~ EXCELLENT!  Who would have thought the Best Pizza(so far) in Philly comes from a Food Truck?!;)  
** We each got a Margarita Pizza and it's the perfect size for (1) person:)  It had the  correct balance of Sauce & Cheese (Buffalo Mozzarella:), as any "Naples" Style Pizza should;)  The Best part was the Crust!  It was perfectly charred on the outside, but still chewy on the inside.  My only wish now is that they open a "Brick & Mortal" shop so we don't have to follow the Truck around!;-)lolEasily some of the best wood fire pizza you can get in the city, and you don't even need to sit down to get it, although you may want to after you finish the pizza :)!
 I've had nearly every pizza this truck offers and all of the varieties are delicious. My favorite by far is the sausage pizza which has wonderful combinations of flavors. If you're feeling crazy I would try this one, but for a first timer, i'd get the margarita which has everything you could want in a pizza. The crust is perfectly cooked and just thick enough without being doughy. Really a great truck and a great staff of people.I dined at the Pitruco food truck yesterday at the porch at 30th street station. I've heard good things about this place and was excited to try it. It was definitely a solid pizza, but as a self-proclaimed pizza connoisseur, i do have to say it wasn't the best I've ever had. I'm a big fan of sauce & cheese, and while what was there was good, in my opinion, there just wasn't enough. Too much crust threw off the sauce to cheese to crust ratio.FIRST OFF, PITRUCO PIZZA TRUCK = TRUTH.
i've had the distinct pleasure of trying each pizza on the menu.
and i can say without any hesitation that every single one is a slam run home dunk. 
i'm not going to bore you to death with my attempt at being a fancy food critic though. you're reading this because you want to know if you should go or not. so
go already. maybe start winning at life for a change (or, if you're one who is already prone to winning at life, simply add this truck to your ever-growing repertoire of rad places to eat in this fine city).
i could go on and on about how  the existence of a bright read truck that serves high-end, gourmet wood-fired pizza from a fucking truck at a really affordable price is blatant proof that philly is smack dab in the middle of a wondrous pizza renaissance, but i'll spare you.
i could rave about how INSANE it is that pitruco's margarita pie with buffalo mozz is only EIGHT dollars (which, as mentioned previously, is in fact insane, because you're going to pay about 4 - 6 dollars less than what a sit-down restaurant would charge. ol' stevesy starr and every other wood-fired pizza joint in this town could learn a thing or two from pitruco if they weren't busy building theme parks for rich people).
i could go into great detail about how raddiculous their raddichio pie with balsamic reduction is, or how their salame pie is slammin'. but i won't.
hell, i could write a paragraph or three about how pitruco's eggplant pie with fresh ricotta is a total gamechanger. but i'm not in the mood.
if i was up to it, i could talk in depth about how their cheapest item - the spicy garlic pie for $6.50 (pecorino added for no extra charge) is perhaps their best, and how i can't think of a better value from a foodtruck anywhere else in the city - and for under 7 bucks no less. but i'm not up to it.
i'm not going to talk about any of those things.
whatever happens to strike your fancy on the menu, you'll be pleased to know you're spending at least 5 - 10 dollars LESS than you would at some fancy sit-down place, with equal-to if not BETTER results (on account of all the humans inside the truck being really awesome people and super fun to talk to). 
which brings me to my main point of this short little review: every person involved in this truck seems to be fantastic humans. through and through. so much so that they even let me and my buddies hang out inside their truck while they closed down the for the night. we talked pizza. we talked life. we had one somebody watching from afar might call 'building a community'.
they get it.
hopefully you will, too.
the pizza gods will be pleased.I love Pizza and I'm telling you Pitruco is a must try.  Their crust is incredible and the fact that they come to you can't be beat.  I never thought you could get good pizza from a food truck, but this is the real deal.I was super excited to treat myself to pitrucos pizza since I've heard lots of good things and I love me some pizza. I got a half eggplant, half sopressata and a sausage. The eggplant half was so salty I could barely taste the eggplant. In half the pizza, I think I tasted the eggplant once, so overpowering was the saltiness. Sopressata half was okay. Sausage was good. However, the pizza didnt seem to agree with me. Also, since this was the only thing I ate for dinner, I can safely assume it was the pizza.
Overall I'm glad I tried it, if only to really appreciate the decent pies I can get other places in the city.My husband and I employed Pitruco as one of the two food trucks at our wedding in May. The food was delicious and highly regarded amoungst our guests and Jonah was very professional and pleasant to work with. We would use them again!Throwing a wood fired oven into a truck seems like a crazy idea. You'd think the truck would be as hot as the oven, right? Well, maybe it is, but the pizza that comes from this truck is dope.
I have had the sausage pie and the spicy red pie.
The crust is amazing. The toppings are great. The serving is pretty much perfect for one person. The people are nice. It is reasonably quick considering it is pizza...
It should be noted that this truck goes to 33rd and Arch on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Give it a try.Went to the food truck event at the Italian Market last night!! Had to try it because of the real brick oven in the truck! Amazing pizza!!!WORTH EVERY PENNY. The eggplant (my favorite) is a delicious array of flavors so fresh, it tastes like they just jumped off the boat from Italy. The portions are a bit large, but if you split it between a friend, or save some for later, it's the perfect grab and go meal. However, don't be afraid to stick around for a chat. The Pitruco guys (and girl) are some of the most down-to-earth Philadelphian's I've met, and always offer a friendly face and good conversation. BEST PIZZA IN PHILLY.A cold, wintry-like evening, deep in November. Tuesday. Fairmount. I stepped outside of my girlfriend's apartment to go to the liquor store to buy a fifth of cheap vodka and drink myself into a dark stupor to forget the gloom of the season. I had thoughts of ignoring the many aggressive beggars out front of the liquor store on Fairmount (a small treat) - perhaps I would buy them a bottle? Perhaps I would tell them I'll get them on the way out and then pretend I was on the phone when leaving and walking past them.
An engine running. Bright lights and a small crowd. A black pick-up to which was tethered a big red box with white lettering. "What the fuck is a Pitruco?" I thought to myself. Maybe a contractor was working on the school? I walked past the box and saw three people -  a tattooed woman and two men, two of them handsome and one of them surly and mustachioed (you decide for yourself). I saw that they were slinging pies. "Hmmph," I said and continued to the liquor store.
Wednesday. Morning. An hour before work. I was on the couch,  covered in crumbs. My mouth was a litter box. My girlfriend kicked me. 
"Wake up," she said. "How do you feel?"
"Great," I said.
"Put that bottle in the recycling, and clean up the boxes before you go."
"Ok."
She closed the door and left. I sat up. There were three small, white, square boxes strewn about the floor. An empty bottle. No headache. 
I remembered. 
Today. Monday. Two months later. The good doctor's day. God bless MLK. I spend my weeks in wait for Tuesdays in Fairmount. I dream of Margherita - of her naughty cousin Radicchio. My girlfriend no longer loves me. She has given herself wholly to Soppressata, and sometimes when she is coy and feels the need to taunt me, sigh,....Spicy Garlic. It is a mad affair to which I see no end. Damn you Pitruco. Damn you for being so good.I ordered the Radicchio. It came out super soggy, with barely cooked mushrooms and hardly any cheese. Crust was chewy, and not in a good way. Yuck!we had the pitruco pizza truck for our wedding last weekend and it was AMAZING! delicious pizza, amazing people and it really added an amazing extra to our wedding! we definitely recommend!Twas an impromptu pizza night a Thursday night ago. My husband and I drove by 10th and Fitzwater and noticed a pretty red pizza truck. We where both intrigued so we parked right behind the red beauty and got out to see what she had to offer our hungry taste buds. 
The aroma of their wood fired oven was tantalizing! Spicy garlic, margherita, eggplant, sausage, soppressata, and radicchio where our choices. We went with the margherita which consisted of tomato sauce, buffalo mozzarella and basil. 3 simple ingredients but so much flavor! The crust was amazing! The wood fire oven definitely makes it unique. Our pizza was kind of small so if you are really hungry you can totally eat a whole one by yourself. They are pretty small and cut into 4 slices. Since we loved it so much we decided to try another one. (I know. How greedy of us! lol) This time we went with the sausage pizza and OMG! The sauce was a bechamel sauce (white sauce) with caramelized onions, roasted mushrooms, pecorino cheese and sausage! It was a hit! Go try one right now!!! 
All in all I really loved the service, the truck and of course, the amazing pizza!I never would've believed it unless I tasted it for myself. It is possible to have good pizza from a truck. The ingredients are top-notch. The pillowy soft crust is baked to perfection in a fiery hot 800-degree wood burning oven. The truck is actually a large, spacious trailer where its three workers have ample room to move. Every personal size pizza my friends and I ordered was delicious and different. The roasted eggplant with marinated red peppers, ricotta cheese, and basil was classic Italian. The sausage with roasted mushrooms, carmelized onions, pecorino cheese, and bechamel sauce was creamy and savory. The soppressata with pancetta ham, onion, mozzarella, and pecorino was spicy good. Great for pepperoni pizza lovers. A small menu of six pizzas ensures consistent quality. Prior to boxing, a generous splash of oilve oil is added to each pie. Perhaps my only complaint is the crust was soft by the time we sat down to eat the pizza, but that was not the fault of the pizza makers. This pizza is as good as any restaurant pizza around. Think Lombardi's Pizza in New York (or the one that used to be in Philly) or Pietro's Coal Oven Pizza. Try it. It will change the way you think about pizza from a truck.Unimpressed. Paid over $10 for dough with equivalent of two tablespoons of sauce on top. The sauce was flavorful but there was not really anything that stood out for me about this pizza. The staff was friendly but doubt we will opt for this again.I was very excited to see the big red truck parked in Bella Vista on my walk home one night and my excitement grew as we walked closer and I could smell the wood burning oven. The guys inside the truck greeted with me a friendly smile as I looked over their menu.  I had seen their menu a while ago online and had my heart set on their sausage pizza. Unfortunately the night I went they were out of it, but they had plenty of other options on their menu that all looked good. 
I ordered the Salame pizza with sopressata, pancetta, mozzarella, and onion.  I didn't wait more than two or three minutes (taking the time to snap a few pics of the truck to upload to Yelp) before my pizza was out of the oven and in a box for me to take home.  The smell of the pizza that wafted up from the box made the block and a half walk to my apartment seem agonizingly long.  I tore open the box and was greeted with a beautiful looking pizza that tasted as great as it looked. 
My only issue with the pizza was that the crust at the center was a bit soggy.  I don't know if this is because I didn't eat the pizza right away while standing by the truck like I saw other customers doing.  Maybe choosing to walk home gave the sauce time to make the crust a bit soggy.  I still ate the entire thing and will definitely be visiting this truck again soon.Still some of my favorite pizza in Philly!! Tried the spicy garlic and it was so good! Found them tonight in Fairmount behind the penitentiary and they said they are usually there on Tuesday nights until 8!Pizza from a truck? We were all highly skeptical as we perused the menu. However, being the adventurous foodies that we are, we decided to give Pitruco a chance. We were not disappointed and, to paraphrase that Monkees' song, now we're all believers. You can indeed get great pizza from a food truck!
I ordered the sausage pizza. Initially, I thought the prices a wee bit high, but when I saw the size of the pizza and then tasted it, I decided the prices were fair. To start with, the crust was thin, yet chewy and firm, carrying the toppings without that pizza-center sagging. The ingredients were all high quality and fresh. We swapped slices so that I could try my companions' eggplant and soppressata pizzas. All were delicious.
The truck itself was pretty interesting, with the tile-covered oven in a open frame attached to the back. I thought that a smart design, since that freed up space for the workers and also prevents them from dying from the heat. That oven must be super hot. I was amazed at how quickly the pizzas were made and served. Also, due to the intense heat, the crust was seared in some spots, which only added to the flavor.
I will definitely go back and try some of the other flavors!Best pizza in Philly! Wood fired perfect crust and toppings. Open more locations, please!!When I was a student at Temple I use to hit them up often. They are fantastic. From my what I have heard they stop going to Temple. This is a shame, they were easily the best food truck on campus. I'm going to have to make my way down to Philly sometime just for the pizza. It's been a long time and I certainly miss the Soppressata. Nonetheless even to this day when I go to apparently high end wood fire Neapolitan pizza restaurants the product is never nearly as good as Pitruco's. Though lately I've gone the Delorenzo Trenton tomato pie path, Pitruco's is still a favorite.A pizza truck with a working woodfire oven is a great idea.  I ordered the radicchio pizza, priced at $9, was a perfect size for one.  The toppings were fresh and delicious, and the pizza had a nice thin and chewy crust.  
The wait wasn't too long, maybe 8 minutes.  I also recommend getting there early since they tend to run out of pizza boxes quickly.Pitruco shows up at 33rd and Arch, near where we work, about once a week and my girlfriend and I cannot resist each getting a pie. Their pies are large enough that two non-starving people could probably share one, but we're usually starving by the time lunch rolls around and the pies are SO good that we usually (aka always) each get our own.
By now, we've tried all their toppings. My current favorite is the sausage pizza which comes with Bechamel, caramelized onions, roasted mushrooms, pecorino cheese and, of course, sausage. When I can't decide, I usually go for the spicy garlic which is a simple but tasty pie with tomato sauce, garlic, hot pepper flakes and pecorino cheese. 
33rd and Arch is becoming an incredibly awesome block for food trucks. I'm almost glad that Pitruco is there only once a week. I could really hurt myself with their delicious pies.My day = made, thanks mostly to the discovery of this unique food truck near my new office building. After hearing some glowing reviews from friends, I checked out Pitruco Pizza's twitter feed to see which days they parked around 34th and Market. Looking at their website, I was shocked at the large amount of ground this truck covers. These guys hustle hard; their truck is open for lunch AND dinner most days, and can be found at Love Park, Drexel's Campus, the Navy Yard, Bella Vista, 30th street station, and more. The hard work and dedication shows through in so many ways, from their friendly and helpful demeanor to the truck's organized and spotless interior.
It's pretty amazing to see gourmet quality pizza cranked out in ~5 minutes for around 10 bucks. The ingredients are fresh and harmonious, and the textures are on point. Their margherita pizza is one of the best I've eaten. You can really taste their dedication to simplicity and perfection. I don't know exactly what they do to make the pizza quite so amazing, but I suspect it's the high quality of their ingredients. The mozzarella is so chewy and fresh, it's ridiculous. The sauce is light and sweet, just the way I like it. Although I like to indulge in dairy from time to time, the dough here is apparently vegan so I'm sure they could whip up a tasty tomato pie as well.It seems like everywhere I go in Philadelphia, there's Pitruco. I'm honestly pretty curious how they can be ten places at the same time, with just one truck, but then I'm thinking maybe just "great minds think alike"! You can be guaranteed to see them at the Night Markets, hot concerts, and food truck line-ups all over Philly. 
The pizzas are good: made with fresh ingredients, made fresh for you! I haven't had a pizza from Pitruco that I didn't like - but then again, I've had better. The portions are adequate for one individual meal, but for the price, I might expect a little more.GREAT pizza and a lot of it. 8 bucks will get you a 10-inch personal pizza you could absolutely share for lunch. Delicious crust and sauce and a range of toppings to choose from. They're not opposed to some mixing and matching, either. Wished there was ever-so-slightly more cheese to be had, but certainly not a major drawback. A fabulous lunch option.I went to this food truck on a very hot day at Love Park. 
I had an hour between appointments. 
They delivered up a freshly wood fired pizza in short order. 
I was surprised at the size of the pizza. It could easily be shared by two people. 
I was struck by the tangy tomato sauce. It was unlike any pizza I've had before. 
I had a Prosciutto pizza. It had fresh onions in it and I mean fresh. They were delicious. 
The prosciutto was ample sized and very flavorful.  
The pizza came out steaming hot as well. 
The crust was thin and crispy. It had plenty of flavor. 
I loved the pizza and would gladly eat there again if I see the truck.This is probably my favorite Pizza in Phil heck maybe anywhere. I have been to beddia and all the other hot shots as well as Italy and this red truck is just the best. I always love their specials (check their instagram). They are interesting and really let you in on just how talented these guys are. If you have to chose one pizza the marg is the way to go. The oil they drizzle on is amazing. One thing to note is that their marg does have a sweet sauce but not mater what pie you choose the dough is amazing.One of the best pizzas I have ever had. My favorite is spicy garlic and margarita. Everything about the pizza is amazing. The sauce, crust, and high quality ingredients. Its unbelievable how they have a wood burning oven in a truck. Im never disappointed.
Customer service is great too.This is probably the best pizza on wheels -- EVER.
A while back they stopped up in Fishtown by the Circle of Hope. It was a First Friday and they had a line of folks waiting. 
The smell of the wood oven brings you right over reading the menu of ingredients - You're SOLD. 
It was worth every penny and the wait. 
I wish they'd come back my way more often...  [hint hint]Some of the best pizza I've had, and it came out of a food truck.  If you see that big red (and new as or time or writing) truck at an event get in line and enjoy.  My only complaint is they're so popular you'll have to be patient to get your reward.Tried the radicchio and would highly recommend! It was big enough to split between two people.Wow! I tried four of their pizzas (with some hungry friends) at Mutt Strutt today: margarita, salame, radicchio, and eggplant. All fabulous, really perfect pies. I don't think there is better pizza in Philly, seriously. Good size, amazing blistered crust, luscious toppings (I love the dollop of fresh ricotta on the eggplant!). The radicchio was the most unique - they do a balsamic reduction that is bitter, sweet, and tart all at the same time - great foil for the crust.  I wish I had tried the garlic and the breakfast, but we couldn't eat 6 pizzas...I'll definitely be hunting them down at Drexel on Tues/Thurs.The pizza is great: the crust is crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside, and of course topped with quality ingredients. Wait time can be a little long, but the oven is only so large and obviously pizza takes time to bake. 
Why I don't give them 5 stars: I prefer my pizza with a little bit more cheese.Found this food truck roaming in Graduate Hospital one night. Loved the margherita pizza! Fresh ingredients, crispy crust with good integrity, and tons of herbs to add flavor!
This is one of the best pizzas I've had in philly and it surprisingly came from a food truck!i work in the love park area of the city, and benefit weekly from pitruco's presence when the weather is nice. the employees are pleasant, the prices are reasonable, and most importantly, the pizza is fantastic and diverse. nobody wants to crash and burn in the middle of a work day, pitruco's pizza won't weigh you down. highly recommendedExcellent coal fired pizza. I tried their eggplant one which was very good. Would defiantly try other ones In the future God willing.Admittedly, this is on the low side. I'm all kinds of impressed with what they do, and my impression was from a daily special instead of a menu regular.
The crust was marvelous, but the toppings overloaded it. They simply used too many vegetables, which had too much textural profile of their own for the crust to survive it. I doubt this is a problem on their other dishes, but they still put it out. I'll likely do an update, but they are so hard for me to get to it will be a while.This is the pizza I've been searching for since I moved to Philly. Thank you Pitruco's!!! If you are looking for the Classic New-york style pizza, this is it!
The crust, oh that crust! Crispy and charred on the outside, yet moist, chewy and poufy on the inside! The toppings bring it home- the sauce is tangy and the basil flavorful (although I wish they were more generous with the basil leaves). I got the Margharita/Spicy Garlic pizza, and it was perfection. 
The best part: I love that this gourmet-style pizza is affordable- $9-10 range per pizza. I need to figure out if they will deliver large orders, cause they have a new fan! 
Tip: Check out their twitter page for updates on their daily location, although typically they are on 34th and Market St. for lunch on weekdays.I shared a pizza and house salad for lunch which was ole ty of food for two people.  The crust is delicious and oven baked.  I recommend this place since the service was fast and it can be a good take out place for those who want to eat outside or take home.For truck street pizza Pitruco is the one!  I will post a picture that demonstrates this pizza tastes as good as it looks!  It really is very consistent and good.Pitruco is one of my favorite food trucks in Philly. The pizzas are very good (especially for the price), and the ingredients definitely taste fresh.
My only critique is that the crust can be inconsistent. Some of the pies I've ordered have been moderately charred on the bottom (which I prefer), while others are extremely blackened. It's a risk I'm willing to take, as the pies are otherwise completely delicious.This is the best pizza I have ever had in a long time. The truck is only in my area on Wednesday's, but it's totally worth the wait. There's actually a brick oven on the truck. The service is great too; courteous, efficient, caring.
My favorites are sausage and soppressata. Don't worry, there are also delicious meatless pies.
Find out when the truck is in your neighborhood and give it a try. You will agree with me: great pizza.This pizza truck is delicious.
The wood fired oven give the crust an amazing crunch. 
some of the flavors sound a little unconventional but they're in fact scrumptious!!
give it a shot, you wont be disappointed.. At $9, its a little more than i like to spend on lunch,  but its big enough to shareGood pizzas with delicious, unique toppings. You get your own personal pizza, but it is not really small, like you would expect. 2-3 slices out of the 4 that make up a pie are filling enough for me.Don't be fooled by where the pizza is from. Yes, it is a truck but it's a truck with a wood-fired oven! If you find the truck near you, do yourself a favor and get a pizza pie. Most likely you will be joined by a line of happy people. 
I loved my Margherita pizza. Totally worth the $8! It tastes so fresh and the perfect amount of sauce is spread on the pizza. Every bite is just so right and balanced. I cannot wait to go back there and try another one!I must of had a bad experience or maybe I know what wood fire pizza should taste like. It is also cool seeing a huge jar of pre-peeled garlic... that's how the italians do it right?You won't believe that this pizza is created in a truck.  I've eaten dozens of pies and I'm amazed at their consistency, dedication to craft, and high-quality ingredients.  Pitruco is possibly the best pizza in Philadelphia.  Highly recommended for people who take pizza seriously.Pitruco recently catered my wedding and did a fantastic job. In the lead-up to the event, they were communicative and responsive in working out payment details and menu selection. Their taste test was fantastic. The menu options were also great for us; plenty of food for our vegan / vegetarian guests, as well as traditional and adventurous options for the carnivores at the wedding. Day-of, the staff worked hard to make sure everyone had plenty to eat, and even went out of their way to give me my own pizza to make sure I ate. We didn't have a single hungry person at the wedding and all the pizza tasted great. We will be stopping by truck in the future and would suggest them in a heartbeat for your event.For a pizza that comes out of a truck, it is pretty delicious. The pizza crust is crispy and a layered with balanced sauciness to topping ratio. Hope to see them at more street fairs and festivals!My fiance and I have been seeing Pitruco outside of Palumbo park almost every Thursday for a while now and decided that it was time to try it out.  There wasn't a line so we ordered right away.  It takes 15minutes for them to make the pizza so I would call ahead if the weather isn't great.  We decided to take a walk to Rite Aid and when we came back, it was ready.  We ordered the Soppressata Pizza and Radicchio Pizza.  We loved the Radicchio pizza.  The crust is thin, which I really like.  Definitely go visit Pitruco on a Thursday if you are in the area.This is the best pizza u can get especially on a truck. They got the wood burning oven on the truck. No joke! It's awesome. Thin but fresh and yummy! It's neck and shoulder with New York pizza. 
Only takes like 5-10 mins. So fast so good. Just need to chase them down when you want a nice pizza! 
Anyone how to know where they are? Let me know pleaseReally delicious pizzas. Their roasted eggplant pizza is awesome, also really like their spicy garlic and margarita. Be sure to check their schedule on their website or follow them on twitter to know where they are on particular day.I stopped by Love Park this afternoon to try out Pitruco Pizza. Let's just get this out of the way early-- who wouldn't be impressed by a truck with a woodfire oven built into it? The combination of flames and motor vehicles is usually not a good thing, but for Pitruco it added up to deliciousness. There was no wait around 12:30 when I ordered a Sausage and Mushroom pizza. I could see the crew making it fresh in the back and sliding it into the oven. The wait time went by fast (maybe 5-7 minutes) but the pizza was cooked to perfection. The dough was fresh and delicious and I was impressed with the quality of the large sausage chunks. The caramelized onions gave the pizza a sweet flavor that brought everything together. 
Finally, I thought the price and the size were a good bargain for a food truck. I've found that I easily spend $10 at other gourmet trucks that happen by Love Park and am still hungry afterwards, but the Pitruco personal sized pizza was perfect for lunch and only $8.50.was not impressed by the pizza.  dough was soft, not crispy at all, it reminded me of a Bitar's pita instead of a pizza crust.   I have had my lfirst and last Pitruco Pizza all at the same time.Oh, Mother of Mercy! This is good pizza. (Ditto,Thor T-- if it can be done on a truck, why isn't "land pizza" better than it is?) The main things about Pitruco-- high-quality ingredients and proper baking.Had Pitruco cater a small party for us. Quality was outstanding and got lots of raves from all of our guests. Best food truck we've had. It's the fifth one we used over the years. Pizza was better than any most pizza restaurants we've been to. Spicy garlic and sausage were favorites. They had great sides including a herb green salad and a roasted cauliflower. Service was warm and friendly. Would definitely recommend these guys for any event and search them out in other locations.Pitruco was one of three food trucks at our May 2015 wedding at Smith Playgound! Jonah helped coordinate everything, he made it all super easy. The pizza was delicious! They had a great set up complete with a checkered tablecloth for the table out front where they continued to serve out pizzas! Thanks for making our reception a success!I'm not one to gush on the internet about food. I usually just share my opinions with my friends. This place though, I have no choice. It's just that good. After every meal here I am have this sensation of being lightly wrapped in a warm blanket of happiness (I know that's ridiculous). But that's how good it is. Eat it right from the oven, don't let it cool down. If you aren't sure what to get, try the Salame but don't hesitate for any of the others.Monday's at Love Park are the BEST when Pitruco is there. Eggplant pizza is a veggeterians best friend. + the new truck is pretty dope.I had a Spicy Garlic pizza. Even though it was quite tasty, it didn't have any toppings (as listed in the menu) except for a few pieces of garlic. It wasn't filling at all and I ended up ordering another lunch from a different food truck afterward! Perhaps the other options are more filling!What a spectacular find!  
We hosted a graduation party and a wedding shower within two weeks of each other at our house.  We had the Pitruco truck parked in our driveway for both events and they were a hit to say the least!  
A small table was set for delivery of the pies to the guests as they came out of their oven.  One was better than the next...and they kept an eye on what people liked best and made more of those certain types.
I will call them to do more events and I highly recommend them!This is the best pizza I have ever had in my entire life.  I tried it when I was in Philly for the day, and I would go back to Philly just to have more.  Track these people down and eat at their truck.  And hope desperately they open a restaurant someday.Who knew that some of Philadelphia's tastiest pizza would be made in a food truck? It's true.  Their pizzas are quite filling personal-size rounds and run from about $6 to $9, depending on toppings, which is rather reasonable for a tasty lunch.  So far I've tried the radicchio and the eggplant and am looking forward to trying some more.  
The crust is made from quality dough, rolled out thin in the middle and fluffy on the edge.  It doesn't quite have the softly crunchy bottom I prefer, but that's a minor squabble.  The toppings taste fresh and yummy.  Service is friendly.  And the wait after ordering is not too long (each pie is custom made...).I was delighted to see the Pitruco Pizza truck at Mayfair in Clark Park - it had been a few weeks since I had last eaten one of their excellent pies.  So how come a truck makes, in my opinion, the most delicious pizza in Philadelphia.  It starts with the dough recipe that yields a fine, crispy crust that is also chewy and full-flavored.  When it comes to pizza, simplicity is the key and Pitruco's Margherita is so spot on that I feel transported to Naples:  a flavorful tomato sauce, small bits of excellent mozzarella, and a few sprinkles of basil - all baked expertly in less than two minutes on the hot hard-wood fire.  Pure eating delight.  
I rarely can pass up the Margherita - for me, it remains the gold standard of pizza, but have tried other types, like the unique radicchio and the sausage pizza, both very good (even though I would like less balsamico on the radicchio pizza).
When eating great pizza, there is always a race against time involved, that is, you want to eat the pie in its hot, crisp, flavorful glory, and yes, I burnt my mouth and fingers often when eagerly snarfing down great pizza.  A good way to avoid that is to eat pizza "al portafoglio" style, double fold and start nibbling from the crust side (that gives the hot sauce, oil, cheese a chance to cool a bit).  Italians are great with that technique and it is easily done.
Let me add that the crew of the truck could not be nicer and end with a Bravo Pizzaiolo!This is probably my favorite food truck ever. It's truly excellent wood-fired pizza, perfect in every way, so the fact that it came from a food truck is pretty amazing. Considering they make each pizza from scratch, it really wasn't that a long a wait, either. I love watching all the different pizzas as they go into the oven, with their beautiful blobs of fresh buffalo mozzarella or ricotta. The first pizza I ordered was their seasonal "harvest pie" - butternut squash, double smoked bacon, bechamel, carmelized onion, and sage. It was wonderful, and I love that they found a way to put some of those autumn ingredients on a pizza. I look forward to seeing more seasonal variations throughout the year. After one visit, I was hooked, so the second time I tried their radicchio pizza, which was also excellent. My companion got the salame pizza, which was just picture perfect. On top of the delicious pizzas, I think this is also the friendliest customer service I've gotten from a food truck. I feel strangely loyal to Pitruco in a way I don't with other vendors, and I feel like I'll end up stopping by whenever they're at Drexel.The BEST pizza in Philadelphia. The crust is thin, crunchy on the bottom with the perfect amount of chew. The mozzarella is ON POINT. So good, cannot recommend this pizza enough.. A+++++++++++++++  Just go get some......do itWow, blown away by this pizza. Personal pizzas weren't my thing for a while, but Blaze Pizza few blocks away got me back into eating pizza for lunch.
This truck is a gem - so glad they kept their prices the same, even as they began offering more expensive pizzas at their Franklin Table location.
The sausage pizza with bechamel and onions is amazing - can't wait to try all the others.
Slightly charred crust, but still soft and chewy. If you're the type to skip eating the crust, you're missing the best part of these pizzas.We went to night market and my friend suggested this place. The spicy garlic was amazing!! One of the best food truck pizzas I've had. It was perfect and it didn't even have that much cheese (and I love cheese!) so I was very happy with my purchase. I would recommend it to anyone and everyone!Visiting the Conference Center to register and then wandering the Reading Terminal Market for a bit to see what sounded best for lunch the next day I made my way back to the streets around noon only to find some sort of protest going on near JFK plaza thus temporarily delaying my arrival to the next dining destination - a rarity for myself in the form of a food truck called Pitruco where three friends from Germantown were supposedly turning out immaculate wood fired pizzas from a brick oven in a trailer.
Having already gathered a small line and a reported ten minute wait for 1 foot diameter pies ranging from $7 to $9 I stepped up to the cart and placed my order before stepping around back where I was invited to watch the nearly nine hundred degree oven at work and no less than six minutes later I walked away with my prize - a rich Margherita with a bubbly charred crust, lively tomato sauce with minimal sweetness, and puddles of bufala mozzarella plus a slightly less than ideal amount of fresh basil.  Crisp and light, full of flavor, and shockingly authentic for a mere $8 - this is the sort of food truck that could actually make me change my mind about the whole genre, a truck where the low overhead is passed onto the customer despite the use of superlative ingredients.It took me a year and a half to try this place, but finally the curiosity of the people standing out in the cold waiting for their pizza got to me... So I called in an order for pickup. 
I got half margherita and half radicchio. Idk what radicchio is, but it was a little bitter and I was not a huge fan ... But the margherita was amazing! The sauce was on point, and the basil wasn't too overpowering. If you are a huge cheese lover, you might be disappointed because the pizzas here aren't really cheesy. I will definitely be back to try the other favors... And oh, the best part, they take credit cards! :)Hot or cold, this is literally perfect pizza. Friendly staff, can call ahead, sauce and crust are to die for.This pizza is fresh! I just finished the eggplant, and it is good. The dough is freshly made, and the ricotta is top quality. Highly recommended for a delicious lunch. Pefect size.Fantastic margherita pizza! The crust is super thin and the sauce sweet, the basil and mozzarella seemed so fresh it was almost like eating something healthy. All the satisfaction of pizza without the greasy dirty shame.It can be difficult to determine how heavily to rely on Yelpers for food reviews. There's the common complaint from the anti-Yelp faction that its scribes are a woeful pocket of mouth breathers complaining about what they know nothing of, and its broad stroke generality aside, has at least some truth to it. But there's an even broader, more accurate way to determine the validity of someone's reviews: they actively dislike Pitruco.
You, sir or mad'am, are a fool with distinction. When hot dog stuffed crust pizza came out, you shrugged your shoulders and said "makes sense." You even like the new Domino's. I wish nothing but an eternity of biting into pizzas too soon and the burnt roof tops that ensue if you can't pick up what Pitruco's dishing out.
Nearly translucent garlic slices dot the spicy garlic pie ($8) and almost liquify. The middle of the pizza doesn't wilt into a soggy mess, which speaks to the balance in ingredients the owners find.
The Soppressata ($10.50), with tomato sauce, pancetta, soppressata, onion, mozzarella, and onion might be the best of the lot. Soppressata is a saltier taste than pepperoni, and infinitely more interesting. Tear drop sized heat blisters tattoo the crust with smokey flavor and it makes those last sauceless, toppingless bites incredible. It tastes and chews like fresh baked bread. Can you ask more out of crust than that?
The weather is turning in Philadelphia and so is your luck: find them on Twitter and you'll find some of the best pizza in the city.I generally don't like the food truck trend and find that by the time you finish waiting in line, you might as well have had a sit down meal at a restaurant with (generally) better quality food.
Pitruco Pizza is different. When I know Pitruco is near, I RUN to get a pie from this truck. And it is worth the wait. I have had the Margherita, Soppressata, and Eggplant. All very different pies, but the same level of deliciousness. The sauce is yummy, great crust, and high quality ingredients.