I started reading good reviews of this place to find out what exactly people are looking for when they come here. Apparently they do make good things sometimes, it's not too expensive and the place looks comfortable and cozy. Personally I also thought that they have good service.
But apart from that, really, the food is fairly horrible. Certainly that was because I got here for a happy hour event with free food (hence two stars because I want to give them the benefit of doubt), but the pizza was so abysmal that I was surprised. If you sell it in a restaurant, you should be able to make it better than the chains à la Papa John's and Domino's. (Both of which I actually find quite tasty.) If not, at least make it better than frozen pizza from the supermarket. Even if this was a bad day for them, a pizza from a restaurant cannot possibly be that bad?
So why would you ever want to eat here for lunch instead of going to one of the great food carts? I have yet to figure out.If you just want to sit back, relax, grab a few beers and slices after work, and not pay too much, this is the place for you in University City.  You can always get a seat at the bar and have friendly conversation with the bartenders and other customers.  Where else can you get that in University City?  The service can be a bit slow and unresponsive but everyone who works here is extremely nice.  The artichoke dip and the canolis are fantastic.  The pizza is not the best but very good and reasonably priced.got the sausage rustica large pie last night and it was ready in 15 minutes.  they let us eat at the bar and my bf and i literally inhaled it.  it was delicious.  i first tried this pizza more than 3 years ago and usually order the grecian instead, but this was really delicious.  wash it down with a cold beer and you'll go home happy.  the bartender was extremely helpful, attentive and kind and i appreciated them playing storage wars on the tv, haha.I sat at the bar and after slamming down a HopDevil decided to have a bite to eat.  I was more interested in pasta than pizza, so I ordered up their Eggplant Parmesan.  
When it came out I was very disappointed.  It came out in a clay pot.   Inside was some eggplant, sauce, and topped with cheese.  Needless to say it was very bland.  What happened to breading the eggplant?  How come it only had mozzarella cheese? This dish was plain awful.   Even though it was on their pasta menu, there was no pasta.
I stuck around to have a few more beers.  Later a dude next to me ordered the same dish and I tried to warn him.  The lady who was the owner of the place overheard me and she asked what was wrong with it.  I informed her of my above mentioned complaints.  She was real huffy about it.  
Just before I left she said to the barkeep (who was new), "My eggplant parmesan is cooked in a wood fire oven at 400 degrees.  We bake it, don't fry it".  I then tried explaining to her that she should really call the dish something else as there as the only parmesan in it came from the shaker on the bar.   I also pointed out to her that since it was not served over pasta or with a side of pasta they should move it off the pasta menu.  Then she really got mad.  So I finished my beer and left.
I give it two stars rather than one because the barkeep was spot on and give really good service.  However it is not enough to bring me back to this overpriced place.I only had tried the pizza here. I would recommend the four cheese sausage pizza to cheese lover. I also like the plain cheese pizza with tomato base and mushroom tomato based pizza. The pizza is serve in large portion size with sensible price. The best pizza I have had in university city so far.I ended up at Pizza Rustica pretty late last night and our server warned us that the kitchen was about to close, but he sweet-talked the chef into firing up the oven for us, so mad props to him.
We went with the margherita because we didn't have enough time to peruse the menu thoroughly. PIzza was decent.
After the pizza, our server transformed into a bartender. My friends and I ended up just chilling at the bar with John (with the octopus tattoo). Good service, fun guy, Comedy Central on the TV. I'll be back to try other pizzas for sure.Unfortunately, this place takes so amazingly long and the food is just okay. Our server was very nice but we were there for 2 hours. I am never going back.Dude, what a train wreck Rustica has turned into. The first time I came here (probably 5 years ago), it was pretty good. I would have rated it around a 4. The food was good, prices were reasonable, and there was some semblance of service. Now, the only reason I give it two stars is out of nostalgia for what once was.
The last time I went (and probably will ever go) to Rustica was about a month ago. We headed back to the dining room area, where there had traditionally been waitress service for lunch, and we realized that waitress service had been discontinued. OK, fine. We went up to the front and ordered at the register (as is customary when you eat outside at Rustica).
Here's the problem: the restaurant is not configured for this model. Once you're sitting at a table, you cannot hear/see what food has been prepared and is waiting for pickup up at the front. Therefore, one must constantly get up and check. This is quite unreasonable, no matter how you slice it (sorry, pizza pun).
It took over 1/2 hour to get a large plain pizza and when one of our blind attempts at retrieving our food finally yielded success, we were greeted with a dwarf of a pizza - a large pizza that had clearly shed some inches of diameter, as compared to the Rustica pizzas of yore. In fact, we figured out that the plain slices come off of a much larger pie and it might have been a better value proposition to order by the slice!
Anyway, $22 later (mini pizza + 4 bottles of water), we left hungry and mildly enraged - likely never to return again.
The End.Ok so here's my 5th review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
Had I the energy to read some reviews I might but I'm not much of a reader and its late or early or whatever... Instead I'll comeback here sometime soon and reevaluate the place for myself.
I've been here to sit down and eat and get drinks and I've ordered out recently and both times I've been happy and borderline impressed (I had an original, artisan pizza each time).  As far as pizza joints go I like this one (don't ask me my favorite because you can't handle the truth!). (I just hit that exclamation mark harder than I ever have or will hit a letter or symbol) 
Period.  
Period.  
Siri I'm saying period not period.  Siri just insert the punctuation.  
Siri!  
Oh I was typing.  
Why am I pretending I'm fighting Siri?  My joke has more holes than Swiss cheese!
I'd make a terrible liar!
Ok back to reality...  Where was I? 
I'll be back soon because I like the original, unique, and flavorful artisan pizza pies and each time I take a bite I enjoy the simple goodness of pizza the way it should be... rustica.Run as fast as you can! Unfortunately, I have eaten here a few times because it's so close to the law school at Penn and I've never come into contact with such rude, unhappy, and unappreciative owners/managers. The waitstaff is constantly in flux because no one can handle working with the screaming woman that runs the place and I admittedly feel a bit afraid when approaching the cash-register to make my order!
The pizza is okay, but the pain and suffering involved in ordering it definitely isn't worth it! I actually enjoy their mista verde chicken salad, but again, the deplorable service overshadows the average food. 
Two words: Don't go!I flipped a coin - it was either try this place or a little Japanese-Korean place a couple of doors down.
The place has a nice feel to it - lots of college kids, I am assuming from the University of Penn, in here eating.
I ordered the Caesar salad and the Sausage Calzone. The salad was good, with tasty dressing, anchovies, and large toasted croutons. The Calzone was not as good as I was hoping for, very little sausage in it. The cheese was light and tasty.
I noted on my way out that most people were eating the pizza - maybe that is better.
There was this older guy sitting at the bar - that was laughing throughout the time time I was there - his laugh sounded like a barking seal! :-)I am surprised about all the bad reviews of this place.  My boyfriend and I stopped in here for lunch last week and we were quite satisfied with our service.  The pizza was really good and reasonably priced.  Our waiter was kind of chatty but friendly and super accommodating.  I saw a poster for this deal where you can get a slice of pizza and a lager for $2.  I'd come here more often if I lived in the area.  We went early in the afternoon, maybe service is different on a busy night??My bf and I had a really pleasant experience today and he did last week.  The wait staff all seemed very happy and helpful.  We were helped immediately even though it was a very busy lunch hour.  My bf claims they make the best sandwiches in Philly.  I have to say that the Virenze is my favorite while the bf goes with the prosciutto.  Really wonderful bread.  Since I live in center city now, I don't come here as often, but everyone seemed very happy witht heir orders (most people seem to get pizza at lunch) and the food came out fast and warm.  Gotta love their coleslaw as well.The vodka sauce pasta is horrific. It literally tastes like they poured a whole glass of water with a little sauce over overcooked pasta. You would be better off making the pasta yourself for 1/8 of the price. In my opinion, the establishment should change their recipe for this dish. It really is unappetizing and now my friends and I are sitting here with bad stomach aches. Never again Pizza Rustica, never again.I work in University City, so I frequent the lunch trucks quite often. But every once in a while I get a hankering for a couple slices of their veggie pizza. Fricking good. Their tomato carpaccio salad is tasty, as is their mozzarella panini. 
My only complaint is that the kids they put at the registers are kind of idiots.The pizza is awesome and worth the wait if it were not for the rude, impatient and unavailable employees. I had one good experience and several terrible experiences. On my most recent trip, the bar tender instructed us to sit anywhere and handed us menus. After we decided on our order, he came back over and told us that we could only order pizza and salad. He was rude every step of the way and even called the manager over to explain why we could only order pizza and salad. In the end, we left without any food. This is not the way to run a business.Mediocre at best. I ordered the "fish and chips special." They were out of cod, so I had no choice but to get flounder. The taste of the fish sufficed, but the ration was meager. The fries were burnt and shriveled up. Very few times in my life had I ever complained about fries, but what they tossed onto my plate was not presentable. I felt embarrassed FOR them. Also, their buffalo chicken pizza tasted as unfortunate as it looked. I wouldn't be surprised if someone had told me that they were recycled from the day before.The bartender was helpful, but the manager looked like he couldn't be bothered.
As I read other people's reviews, I actually feel a sense of camaraderie with the diners, like we just survived a battle together. I also notice that the restaurant staff sometimes respond to reviews and to defend the business. Why don't they just take the feedback and implement a few changes? Must everyone be wrong but them? Just FYI, no need to start a conversation with me. I don't want a back-and-forth argument on how and why I had the experience that I did.The food here is ok (2 stars worth) but the service is absolutely horrendous. I called in delivery for 2 lasagnas and a small pizza and arrived 35 minutes later as I was told it would be 30. Our lasagnas were ready upon arrival, but we were told that the pizza would be ready shortly. After five minutes, we noticed no small pizza in the oven so I asked where the pizza was. The guy said he was making it. They clearly forgot about that part of the order. No apology ever came though. Instead, an old man, possibly the owner, got mad at me for asking where my pizza was and refused to take responsibility but instead made excuses. When I got mad, another one came over and started yelling at me as well. Neither could take responsibility for the poor service that seems consistent throughout these reviews. While I waited for 20 minutes in the restaurant, there were at least 5 to 10 plated entrees that sat there waiting to be served for over ten minutes. This place is awful. And since we waited 20 minutes for the pizza, which was poorly made, our lasagnas were disgusting and cold.Came back here again Sunday night with four male friends from school. We had more than enough time to sample the menu and raging appetites so we were pretty psyched.
Ordered the pesci di formaggio (shrimps, scallops, imported cheese, spinach, creme fraiche) and the pollo a la rustica (roasted rosemary chicken, mushrooms, caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, tomato sauce and mozzarella). Both were delish! I was slightly bothered about the tails being left on the shrimp - our server said they do that to keep the flavor in, but it's just tedious to remove. Also, the seafood pizza can get a little tiring, it's very rich. But otherwise, everything was great.
Two pizzas and two sodas came to about $11 per person. Not bad at all.This place was the buttcrack of Philadelphia. Only thing worse than the food was the service. Sorry for all the servers and cooks losing a job, but good riddance. It was a long time coming.I think they have problems with Latinos or Iranians. We were they for 30mins and it was not full!!! No service we were literally being ignored. The worst I have every experienced in my life.We spent a very hot day at the PHL zoo and when we came back, we didn't want to go too far away from our hotel for dinner.  We found this place around the block and decided to give it a try.  I ordered spaghetti meatball and my boyfriend had meat lasagna. They were excellent!  Service was good as well. Very friendly atmosphere. Perfect dinner to wind down the long day.Went there for the Rustica Melt 
and thought it wouldn't be the same as it was a few years ago.
I was wrong - it was just as good.
It was Sat. night - 1 waiter and the bartender 
were handling the traffic - front counter was closed.
That being said, they handled the traffic well.
I would return, especially for the Rustica Melt....The pizza here is pretty good. I can't really say about the prices, since I think everything is expensive. I believe they were moderate. The tables suck, they are wrought iron, and there are a limited amount of them anyway. Order for take-out. 
Pizza's good, but again, nothing fantastic. I'd recommend ordering out at Mama Palma's instead.This place could be on one of those reality "restaurant makeover" TV shows.  
The staff is about as clueless and unwelcoming as it gets.  It's like they don't even care for your business.  They ignore customers when they walk in.
They often screw up people's orders because they are too disorganized to respectfully take someone's order.  
The antics from the kitchen staff are even worse.  I would come in from time to time for  a fast, cheap slice and I would overhear what their "chef" was saying - cursing and being abusive to the people around him.  The rather large woman that works their is a 1st class you know what - loud, obnoxious, rude to basically everyone around her.
This place is okay for a quick, cheap and mediocre slice, but this place is not a place that should be supported.  It is a truly miserable environment.My experience here was disappointing. I took a friend out to lunch for her birthday, but now I feel like I need to take her out again for a re-do. I tried to order the seasonal bruschetta, but the waiter came back 10 minutes later to tell us they were out. I then tried to order the pumpkin or squash ravioli, and again they were out. I asked what they did have. He said all the salads. I said, I'll take the caprese salad with balsamic vinegarette. He said they didn't have balsamic vinegarette. (What restaurant doesn't have balsamic vinegarette?) The salad was only ok (underripe tomatoes). My friend had a pizza and didn't seem to have any problems with it. I later saw the waiter walking around with balsamic vinegar so I asked him to bring it over to me. Close enough.I've eaten here a bazillion times (unfortunately?) because it's close to school and where I used to live.  My boyfriend and I often ordered the greque pizza--it's not bad but I always add hot sauce.  They used to use kalamata olives but now they use the cheaper cocktail olives.  The spinach is very tasty and you can taste the garlic.  The verrrry thin slices of onion are a good touch but the feta is almost tasteless.  I'm not a big crust person but the crust is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside--the pizza dough is quite good and thin.  The sausage pizza that everyone gets is tasty but very greasy.
I like their paninis, although they are very greasy as well (albeit, I believe it's just olive oil?).  I like the virenza which is eggplant and oven-roasted.  I also like their lasagna and their salads.  I don't like their pasta salad because it's flavorless and I like mine with bell peppers, red onions, vinegar, etc. etc. that this one lacks.  The eggplant parmagiana is tasty but again, it's very greasy.  My boyfriend usually gets something with proscuitto which is pretty tasteless.  Their mozzarella is ok.  I sometimes buy whole baguettes here though and they are good.
The servers change allllll the time because no one seems to be able to stand the woman who screams at everyone and calls them stupid even in front of customers.  I believe she's the owner because her daughter sometimes bartends and one night while I was taking advantage of a deal they have after 9pm (pint of beer and a slice of pizza for $2), another bartender was teasing her about her mother the screamer.  Because of the high turnover of the wait staff, the service is slow if you try to take-out in person; however, I found that if you call your order in, it's super fast.  I have NO idea why.  Also, they separate the waiter-service area from the "I just want to eat my meal here without waiters"-area, which strikes me as strange because the restaurant as a whole doesn't look that nice.  They've made renovations in the last year so maybe it's less cluttered and ugly, but in general, I find that it's kind of like a sports bar.  They have an outdoor area you can eat in but it faces 36th and Chestnut so you can imagine the view.
The crowd that comes here is interesting--Penn undergrads and grad students and lots of locals who tend to sit at the bar.  If you want to grab a meal in the area with some friends, this place is fine.There are very few redeeming qualities about Pizza Rustica. I've been there many times (we keep going because it's the only chicken parmesan my boyfriend likes) and we get horrific service every single time. The pizza is terrible and it always takes at least an hour to get out of there. DO NOT GO. There are so many places in the area that are better!Over the last two years, I have stopped many evenings on my way to night class at Penn and am glad to have had the option of Pizza Rustica. The slices are HUGE and decent....and they have always have Walt Wit and some other good things on tap. I also appreciate that it is a local place in a section of U city drowning in corporate chains.This review is mainly for non-pizza foods.  I know you aren't supposed to do that at a place with pizza in the name, but my friend and I are both lactose intolerant and didn't want to chance it with so much cheese.  (Also, I hate mozzarella.)
We ordered the gnocchi with vodka sauce and the penne with vodka sauce.  He found the sauce mediocre but serviceable.  My penne, on the other hand, somehow had LESS flavor than plain pasta cooked in water.  Even the chicken was horrendous.  Seriously, how do you manage that?  I've eaten better by just straining the water out of spaghetti at home and eating it with my bare hands, no sauce.
We split a large cannoli for dessert, but even that was pretty bland.  The service was kinda slow too, but no one was rude to us.  The only thing I can say in favor of the restaurant is that the location is nice, and we had fun eating outdoors.Usually, I'm a fairly harsh grader, so my 3/5 rating is saying something about this restaurant.
I've been there three times and have never experienced anything horrible. My pizzas were delicious, the salad tasty, and my service was fine and friendly! 
Is it the greatest pizza in the world? No. But it's better than Osteria.I had such amazing service here that I had to write a review and a tip. 
I wrote to them, inquiring about their vegan options and the head chef (yes, the head chef) replied saying they could accommodate my dietary restrictions. The dough is vegan and they could give me a veggie pizza without cheese. Or I could bring my own vegan shreds/"cheese" and they would out that on my pizza. Or, and this is the best part, they would get some vegan shreds just for me if I have them a day's notice. They actually followed through with it and the head chef came to check up on me during my meal. 
I was truly impressed with this place - the pizza and the service.The pizza is not bad but nothing special. The service was okay and the eating areas are nice. There is an indoor dining room and a large fenced in outdoor patio. In the inside dining room, there is a small bar with a typical selection of beers on tap.I haven't had pizza in a really long time , so we decided to have pizza for lunch . 
I have always wanted to try this place but i always end up walking past it . 
I'm very glad we gave this place a try , it has two entrance , we were sorta confused but its not a big deal. 
The waiter was really nice , he saw us walking toward the door from the inside and quickly grabbed utensils to seat us before we came in . We told him we were getting take out so we got a slice of pepperoni and a slice of plain . 
Pizza came out within minutes and the guy heating up the pizza even apologized for the wait. The pizza was really tasty , it is huge ! Nice thin crust and I really like the sauce . It was a good lunch .Idk-I go here a lot for the veggie pizza at lunch. I think it's delicious and I love that it is made without red sauce. I LOVE the crust. Three dollars for a huge slice of really yummy pizza. I don't get all the bad reviews.Small casual Italian joint at the edge of campus.
Their pizzas are freshly-baked with a soft, crisp crust - yum! Rustica's mozzarella is mild and pairs perfectly with thin layers of sauce and crust. I particularly enjoy the California pie with sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese.
Unfortunately, the same cannot be said of their mediocre pasta. The enormous plate of spaghetti noodles came out slathered in sauce and a topped with liberal helping of chicken. But the noodles were either badly overcooked or had been left to sit out, as they had begun to clump together. The tomato sauce didn't help either. It tasted as if it came straight out of a can and I tried to remove it.
Service is what you'd expect from a casual restaurant, adequate but not extraordinary. In any case, you can't beat their $10 pizza-and-pitcher deal, so it's definitely worth a visit!The pizza is pretty good.  The prices could be better.  I have an issue with the owners.  I've been a couple of times and they were yelling at their staff and saying something like "don't listen to the customers, what do they know?"  That was kind of weird to do in front of customers, because while I  don't know really much of anything, one of the things I do know how to do is give a good ol one star rating on Yelp.  
I remember going here a few years ago when I was on a bloody mary kick and their bloody mary's were pretty bunk.Ugh. Used a LivingSocial deal to order Penne with Chicken (note, the person who rang me up did not hit redeem on my coupon, I went ahead and hit redeem myself! Probably shouldn't have...I feel like an idiot for paying for what they gave me). Opened it up to find disgusting, rubbery looking slabs of chicken. I don't want to speculate what that piece of chicken looked like before it was cooked. Took a bite and it was as bad as it looked. I thought I would eat my way around the pasta and just go for the penne. Somehow, even with something as simple as pasta, was just bad, bad, bad. Two hours later and I feel like throwing up. This was the second time I've gotten dinner here, the first time I ordered  a sandwich and--maybe I should have learned my lesson the first time--that was icky as well. 
I come here now and again for a slice of pizza at lunch because it is so close to where I work, and the pizza is actually edible. It's not very good, but it's a slice of (a bit too chewy) pizza. 
It really sucks, but it's so clear what this place should be--a mediocre relaxed, no-nonsense Italian joint. They have a great location, and the inside is really nice, but the food, my gosh...Decent thin crust pizza. Sometime a bit salty. The location is cozy. Service is average. Overall worth to try.I have been here a number of times and can vouch for their pizza. However, the other dishes on the menu really miss the mark. The lowest point is probably the fish and chips. It includes one oversized fish stick and some fries. A total disappointment.
But their pizza is pretty incredible.  It's not the best in the city, but it's a good place to grab a slice when you're in a rush.I feel compelled to submit a review after reading the other reviews and the owner's comments. I have been working in the U. City area for 3 years now and must admit that when I feel like pizza for lunch, my mind goes to Pizza Rustica. I find their slices decently tasty and crisp. However, I've often try to quell my desire for pizza because I don't like visiting Pizza Rustica. I don't care for the experience which is saying a lot given that I only go in for take-out. I have observed the female owner talk very brashly to her staff. I can maybe understand being loud due to personality or environment but she was loud and condescending to her staff in front of customers. This did not sit well with me given that her staff bust their butts to take care of the lunch crowd. I've since noticed that there is a new pizza maker (I liked the other one who was quick and a good multi-tasker though he never smiled) and that the owners now have a lead role in preparing foods. These changes have not resulted in an increase in efficiency. In my most recent experience, I waited 12 minutes for one slice of pizza-- that was already made-- to be warmed up in the oven. I again observed the owner making a snide comment to her staff about performance. It occurs to me that perhaps the problem is not the staff but rather a clear structure for how to expedite orders.  
My other gripe is that I prefer if they would use gloves or a spatula to transfer the pizza from one place to the next, especially to my serving plate. Isn't it a critical violation to touch ready-to-eat foods with one's bare hands?Good, fast, clean, with little sound of Tuscany in the background. Staff is friendly. Guests are mostly students. Good place to come and hang out with friends. I wish there was more light though. I could had prolly read the menu.I'm not sure what people's expectations are for this place, but I do think the criticism and ratings are harsh and unjustified. It's a pretty reasonable University City joint, and probably the only Italian restaurant in the neighborhood besides Penne. As a former Penn student, I came here every and now then for take-out or dine-in and never had any gripes with the service or the food. Even when I came in big groups (you don't really need a reservation for this place), the service was quick in putting together the tables and attentive during the meal.  When I think about Pizza Rustica, I always remember the coziness and warmth that I felt when I dashed in on a chilly Philly evening.
There are four parts to Pizza Rustica - a take-out area (with a good choice of beer take-out, very convenient), a dining area, a small bar, and an outdoor patio. I mainly interacted with the take-out area and the dining area. The take-out area is neatly lined out with offerings in the glass display refrigerators and their entire menu on the walls behind the displays. Walking in further, there is the dining area with a small bar and plasma TV in the corner. The place seats about 20-25 people and the tables all have the cheesy, plasticky, red and white checkered tablecloths of your neighborhood Italian restaurant. The decor is good for people in the area having a casual meal; and the clientele is a mixed crowd of neighborhood people and some college kids.
Basically, I go here when I'm looking for some pasta or some pizza with thinner crust and better toppings than your typical college pizza when it's a bit late, cold outside, and I'm hanging out nearby at my friend's place. The pizza is pretty good, maybe a bit pricey, but I never thought it was outrageous. I've also had the lasagna and eggplant parmesan, both were fresh and tasty. I'm fine with the eggplant parmesan being baked in a clay pot with sauce and cheese rather than being fried and breaded. You can actually taste more of the eggplant rather than the oily, crispy  breading which is always delicious, but also very heavy. It's a different take on the eggplant parmesan.
If you want a bar, there are other places that I prefer, but for reasonable Italian food or better pizza in the area, Pizza Rustica was where I went.I'm not a big fan of Philly pizza in general; during my time in University City, if there was pizza around I'd generally take a pass. It's part of being a snob about it after coming from NY, but it simply just wasn't good in most cases. I give Pizza Rustica 2 stars because, on average, it was better than the pizza anywhere else in the nearby vicinity...but the quality doesn't compare to even the street pizza shops in Manhattan. I usually ended up getting one of the personal-size pizzas; it was good for eating half in the restaurant and the other half as breakfast the next morning. It didn't taste great, but it wasn't bad either. At least not as half bad as some of the other pies in the area.Awful. Awful. Awful. 1.5 hours to receive three pizzas. We asked to speak to the owner, who came by the table and petulantly said, "What do you want me to do? Don't tip your waiter." It was not the waiter's fault. The pasta we ordered arrived after the pizza, and it was cold. This is an unbelievably bad restaurant with a disengaged and disrespectful owner/manager.I stopped by this place hoping to grab a quick bite. Prior to entering, I saw all the nasty Yelp reviews and how the owner responded with such lack of responsibility to the complaints but I still went against my better judgements and decided to give Pizza Rustica a shot.
This place is absolutely disgusting. I waited 45 minutes for a take-out meal and unfortunately - or fortunately for my stomach - they were out of "fish and chips" so I decided to try pizza instead. 
My thin pizza was burnt to crisp and I've seen with my own eyes that the workers leave the pizza outside in room temperature for God knows how long before they shove it in the oven to reheat it for the costumer. 
What a waste of money and time.
Anyone calling this place a gem has never been to Pizza Hut.If I could put 0 stars I would. They gave us an hour wait time for delivery for 2 orders of pasta. 15 minutes after our order was supposed to arrive, we received a call that they had forgotten to send our meals our for delivery. They asked if we still wanted it. Well, after waiting for over an hour, of course I still wanted it. They said they could have it to use in 5 minutes. 20 minutes later we got our delivery. 
The pasta was ICE cold and had no flavor. The clams were full of sand, and it was one of the most expensive delivery orders I've experienced in university city. 
The food was awful, cold, and over 30 minutes late. And they didn't offer us any consolation.The service is alright (some of the servers are very friendly). Unfortunately, the food is just not up to par. The pizza is just okay and the sandwiches are pretty bland. My experience hasn't been as bad as some of the other reviewers, but I'm not in a hurry to go back.My friends and I came here after one of us had a pizza craving. The three of us shared a large Philly supreme pizza. Service was a bit slow. And for pizza, it was nothing special.Spoiled penn kids are the worst. Pizza Rustica is awsome. The food and beer are cheap and delicious. The artichoke dip is seriously the best I have ever had!!! Happy hour is great too.For the record: I actually created a Yelp account to write this review. Although this place seems presentable from the outside (and possibly inside), all of the bad reviews are legitimate, to say the least. I've been here twice. The first time, my girlfriend and I ordered slices of the 4-cheese pizza. Stomach issues ensued for about a day or 2 (for both of us), and I don't have a sensitive stomach. I decided to give it a second try. This time, I dined in. It seemed as if the waitress was just hired, so we cut her some slack. There were almost no customers in the place at the time, and it took an hour and fifteen minutes to get pasta. I don't get it. The woman who runs the place was sitting at the bar, overlooking her staff and customers. Her staff reported to her literally every time they passed her. There seemed to be constant issues between she and her staff. I'm fine with communication, but blatant arguments in front of customers for all to hear is...well, you fill in the blank. She barked at them every second while still sitting at the bar, perched in her chair. The atmosphere was strange. I felt uncomfortable. After arriving an hour late, the sauce was on the pasta bland and disheartening. The pasta was mediocre. I paid the bill and walked out. The only time I ever went back was to get some beer, although I shouldn't have even done that. I figured the location was convenient, so I did it anyway. My girlfriend and I were about to go out, so we were dressed nicely. We walked in to the take-out section and began to browse for drinks. I immediately felt uneasy again. A creepy, dark-haired employee with forearm tattoos was looking at my girlfriend, head moving up and down, scanning her from head to toe, with his arms crossed. She told me about it, and told me she wanted to leave because she felt uncomfortable. Granted, she is a beautiful girl, but learn to be professional. Nonetheless, we left (and I'm proud to jump on the bandwagon and say I will never go back)! Continuing on the note of professionalism (or lack there of, rather), I find it so unprofessional that the owner feels the need to defend herself and even, at times, threaten those who write reviews, such as a girl named 'Jade' a while back. Her meaningless attempts to justify the poor service and food speak volumes about the Pizza Rustica experience. Jade wrote a negative review, and the owner replied that she thought it was bold of Jade to write a negative remark with her name and photo presented in the comment. This is a threat, ladies and gentlemen, and Yelp should review conflicts like these and report to a higher authority. While I'm on a roll, this higher authority should talk to sanitation about fixing the perpetual cockroach issue.Came here for the large pizza and pitcher of beer special for $10. The place is usually a little empty and not very busy, but the pizza was surprisingly decent. Great deal if you're just looking for a quick, cheap bite around campus.My fiance and I stopped here for a quick bite to eat after he picked me up from work-- we had dinner reservations waaay later that night so we needed something to tide us over.
I ordered the artichoke dip, which was a lot more cheese and cream than artichoke. I think I got a total of 5 artichoke quarters in there. Apparently their sausage calzone was pretty good so I'll have to give that a try next time.I went in for an early dinner on a rainy day.  I had a discount coupon from restaurant.com, and the waitress/her manager were very accomodating.  We were only a party of two, and couldn't rack up a $35 tab, so we asked if we could have part of the meal as take-out (for a friend) and they didn't have any problem with that.
Our waitress was new but very friendly and delivered our food quickly.  One annoying thing - she wasn't very attentive to our drink refilling needs.
We started out with an appetizer, then each ordered our own pizzas.  When our goat cheese appetizer came, we were both shocked at how small it was.  Later in our meal, we heard a woman complaining very loudly at a nearby table about how small her expensive appetizer was.  Take home message:  stay away from the overpriced minuscule appetizers.
Our two pizzas came, and while were were skeptical at the size at first, they were a good size for about $8.  I ate my fill, and had enough to take home.  I thought the pizzas were really nicely done, and a good value.
Maybe the beer or wine list is not that great, and the salads and appetizers will disappoint you, but this is just a pizza joint, and I think they do pizza pretty well.  I would definitely go back for a Sicilian pizza (with chicken)!I'd like to respond to the owner's comment on my post, the one where she questions my integrity. The was, in fact, waitress service at Rustica at lunchtime. I assume this was before she purchased it, back when I used to like it. My other comment was purely factual: the restaurant is configured poorly for the current, waitress-less model. 
I'm also mildly annoyed that she chose my post to comment on, given the brutality of some of the other poor reviews of her place. 
So, in summary, I reiterate all of my previous comments and hereby reduce my rating to 1 star.Okay, not the greatest pizza in the world. Rustica seems sophisticated on the inside, but this is really more of a grab-n-eat pizza place that happens to uphold Northern Italian pizza-making.
The only time I tend to go is in warmer weather, because there is a nice sized outdoor seating patio. The only problem... there's nothing to look at, just a sea of concrete. Still, this area is general is a bit slim on good eating, so Rustica won't disappoint, and the place fixes its face a bit for the dinner crowd... but I truly only find it appealing at lunch.This is the red headed step child of "Rustica" pizza places. Or the Chumlee, if you're a Pawn Stars fan. You want the place to succeed, but it lets you down time and time again.
The one time I had a panini it was over toasted and it was bland and greasy at the same time. I've had pizza from this place a couple of times. The slices have ranged from decent to surprisingly oily and bland. The last time I went here to order take out I got two slices to go. When I got back to work and started eating them, they had men's cologne on them. So much so that the pieces were inedible. It was revolting.
If you think you're better off dining in, think again. It's almost always loud in there. And its not just the manager yelling at the employees. The last time I dined in, the owner/manager talked very loudly/almost yelling to a guy across the counter, half way across the room for over 10 minutes. All I wanted was a quiet lunch but instead I got to hear an entire conversation that I really didn't care to hear. Thanks a bunch.
In summary, don't go here if you like pizza or quiet. Yes its cheap, but you'll regret it. I know I have.I haven't seriously come here for a long time... since I lived in Philly, actually. But last night we made our (triumphant?) return. 
The dining room/bar was very clean, the place was packed (not a free table in the place), and the food was good. Everything looked and tasted really good. There was a bit of a wait for stuff to come out from the kitchen, but that's not surprising -- the restaurant is full of people, and you can only throw so many pizzas in the oven at a time. This isn't a banquet hall. The phones were ringing, and delivery pizzas were going out the door too. So this place was even busier than the packed dining room let on.
The bartender was great. I am stupid and didn't read/remember the menu, so I thought this particular pizza I wanted was vegetarian. When it came out, I realized that it was not. Frown. I told him it's not his fault, I'm the dummy who can't read and we'd just keep the pizza and order a 2nd. He put the order in, comped the 1st pizza, and I had what I thought I'd ordered within 15 minutes. So if that's crappy service then I'm at a loss for words as to what "good service" is. 
The beer selection was also good. Hop Devil, Troegenator, Southern Tier Eurotrash Pils, and a few domestics that might appeal to a different sort of person.Update: It seems like the owners have tried to hire better waiters. The service is considerably better than it used to be!By far one of the worst customer service experience I ever encountered from a manager. 
Before I go into details, I would like to give our waiter a 5 out 5 rating. He was a young college student doing his job and displayed more professionalism and courteous manners than the 60 year old manager. 
Here is my gripe- We received our bill, 4 different tax chargers were listed. I don't like to  be taken advantage of as a paying customer. He stated they added 10% tax on alcohol and 8% on the food. Last time I recall, it's 8% tax. He was rude and didn't have a solid reason for pricing the bill that way. To make matters worse, he threatened us to call Penn Police. What a joke, my friend and I had to laugh- we could clearly afford the bill but it was not right to have him tax food/drinks at a rate that was almost 12-13% on the total bill. He walked away and had nothing else to say to justify his price gauging ways. 
I warn all locals to review your check or even better DO NOT EAT OR DRINK THERE-they will rip you off and the manager will simply provide the worst level of customer service !!!!!! 
I was in the neighborhood visiting family and really regret stepping foot at this establishment.I can't understand the bad reviews here. I work close to Pizza Rustica and so have eaten here several times for work pizza parties and even once for a post-work dinner. The pizza is made of big slices with ample crust and that thin, drippy middle. The margherita is a clear favorite, and it has fresh basil leaves instead of that chopped "dusting" of basil you get so many places. The sausage rustica with roasted peppers, carmelized onions and garlic is also pretty killer. They do this really chunky tomato sauce instead of the typical pureed sauce. They have small sizes for lunch and large sizes which are really better for 2-3 to share depending on how hungry you are. 
The place itself isn't half bad either. They have a small bar with several beers on tap, and they also have a cold case where you can pick up cans of soda and--what luck!--six packs of beer you can take to-go. They also have pre-made pizzas ready at the counter if you just want to grab a single slice. There is a nice outdoor area with tables on a little patio, and while in the summer it might be a bit too hot to dine al fresco it's perfect in the spring and fall.I went with two other friends and we got a small supremes pizza, 10pc buffalo wings and a Spinach and Cheese calzone. Pizza was a decent size to share with everyone since we ordered other stuff. The wings were actually really good! But I was kinda disappointed how they only had bleu cheese dressing and no ranch. But when we cut the calzone into four pieces to share. I got my quarter on my plate and started to cut through to have my first bite. OMGOODESS. I couldn't cut through and looked at my calzone. They forgot to take out the entire plastic wrapping for the cheese and cooked the cheese wrapped in plastic in the calzone!!!!!!! Of course we immediately called the waitress over and she gave us a new one. Of course we didn't pay for the calzone and got 2 draft beer on the house (we paid for eveyrthing else).
I understand people can make mistakes and things can happen and Pizza Rustica was trying to make up everything for this.. but the more I think about this accident,,, this is a BIG deal. NO restaurant should make a mistake like this whatsoever!! Thank god the plastic was actually BIG beause I might've missed a small piece and eat it. 
If you decide to go to this place and order a calzone (but don't get the spinach and cheese calzone cuz they put in too much cheese that mushes out..not the oozing out stretchy cheese that you want in a calzone), make sure you be careful on what you order.Wow. I came on here to write a bad review because my experience was terrible... I see I've already be beaten to the punch. wow. 
I went in for a quick bite with my cousin and mother while we visited my uncle who was in the hospital. Lunch was decent nothing to call home about. Pizza was OK (I'm from NY and very picky about pizza) Everything was going well until... 
#1 The Waiter went to "see if he could find a lemon" for her water and when he returned with it cupped in his hands, he proceeded to damn near dip his fingers in my moms water glass to put the lemon on the rim right in front of her. yuck! 
#2 When we finished our meals, I asked for a box instead of a paper bag because I had a little more than 1/4 of my personal pizza left. The waiter told me that they don't have boxes (a lie) then he tells me that they don't do it like that. I asked him to ask his manager and he proceeds to talk to the manager about us in front of us. Saying that he TOLD us that that's not how they do it and THAT I was demanding a box pretty much implying that we were causing a scene, (picture a 10 year old child tattle telling on his older brother for doing something ...that's how ridiculous that whole scene looked) when all I asked for was a box because the damn pizza would drip all over my car. ( I even asked for foil and he said they don't carry foil wtf!!!!) To make matters worse. The manager just sat there at the bar with his back turned towards us and never even acknowledged the table, no apology for his waiter's rude and retarded behavior nothing! Even when I approached him on it, he acted as if he could care less that we were even allowed to eat in his establishment. That was the icing on the cake. Your job as manager is to smooth out situations before they turn into people spreading the word about your restaurant. honestly even if he turned and said we are short on boxes even if it was a lie.... say something! charge me 5 cents for it... Something! Instead we got this jerk who clearly felt we weren't even good enough to respond to. 
All I have to say is F you and F your restaurant. Karma is a B**** and clearly its already in action because of the many scathing reviews about your poor service and mediocre food. At the end of it all i got my cheap cardboard box that i almost had to get into a fight for, and left the waiter exact change for the bill ( no tip) To which he had the nerve to get mad about not receiving a tip. you cant be serious. Never again.Great beer selection and prices!  They had Yeungling for $2 a pint.  I did not try the pizza, so I can't review the food.  They also sell beer togo, but expect to pay $13 for a six pack of bud light.I hated this place for most of my 4 years as an undergrad. Warnings of slow / nonexistent service kept me far, far away.
Until I heard that they had whole wheat pizza. 
I love the vegetable whole wheat pizzas, with all the veggies piled on (mushrooms, roasted red peppers, spinach, artichoke hearts) - fools me into thinking it's healthy.
That doesn't mean I eat in - we always call and pick-up.
That's about all Rustica has going for them.. that and they used to sell 4 Lokos before the FDA stepped in!Unlike most of the previous reviewers I have never received bad service at Pizza Rustica.  I stop in probably once a week for a slice of pizza and the staff is fine and I think the pizza is great!  I have never ordered anything else off of the menu so I cant comment but the pizza is good, the crust is thin and the slices are large!Rude. That is the best description of the service. Trying to run a over-dressed pizzeria like you are the line cook in some 50s retro diner is not effective. Also it would help to actually pay attention to what the customer is ordering. I was over-charged and then barked at to retrieve my order from the other counter on my own, only to look at my food and find the one item that I had made a change to (wanted it left out) wasn't even done. Save your money and go somewhere else.I was starving...
I wanted beer and somewhat cheap food...
The beers that were "on tap" I think they actually had 2 out of the list of about 6 or 7. My friend went down the list and every one she asked for they didn't have. She decided on a bottle and then she said it tasted kinda funky. nice.
We all decided to ordered salads which were priced pretty high so we thought they would be entree sized salads and there was no reference to side or starter salad. It was a small appetizer sized salad with no vegetables, just lettuce and some weird watter logged chicken the only difference was type of dressing and cheese. 
We got our check and we were charged for a margarita which no one even had nor saw on the menu. Then we were presented with the revised receipt with the item crossed off in pen and a new total scribbled at the bottom. So we were still taxed (alcohol tax at that) on the item we didn't order!
I won't be back here.I'm not a fan--- I got an elaborate pizza with lots of toppings but it managed to taste bland/ oily. Which really doesn't seem like it should happen. And it wasn't exactly cheap.
But they have $2 pint and pizza special for Yuengling, if you're into that sort of jazz. A cheap night out with some friends, especially if you each buy a round.I have come here several times on business. The bartenders are super nice and have good college pizza and good pasta. Always pretty fresh stuff and they help you out. Great place to sit and watch people and have a beverage. They also have a store next-door that will sell you beer to go. That always makes me happy.Pizza Rustica has probably the best vegetarian pizza in University City/West Philly - carmelized onions, artichoke, spinach...so good. I even like it better than the Dock Street vegetarian pizza. (I haven't tried the other veggie pizzas at Dock Street, so maybe they are better).  It's the only thing I get, and I almost always get take-out, so I can't speak for anything else. Luckily the veggie pizza is available by the slice, so I don't have to wait too long, even during the lunch rush hour.First of all, this place needs to get that door fixed.  Secondly, I want my whole pizza as a pizza, not a burrito.  Every time (3 times) I order a whole pie to go it comes folded somehow.  By the third time, I was livid.  I recommend this place only for convenience - last resort in terms of pizza.  moreover, my pizzas (all three times) have been charred.  And their spaghetti and meatballs is so salty it's worse than eating Monsieur Boyardee.Eeek. I wish I had read the reviews before going... 
One pro though: I personally had great service - despite all the complaints in other reviews. They were nice to me and efficient (I picked up the food) and didn't have to wait. The problem was, the food itself!! It was not good. I ordered 10 piece wings, but couldn't eat 1/2 of them because they were solid as a rock and over cooked. Really not good. bleh.
I also ordered a chicken ceasar salad. I did not like the chicken, it seemed not that fresh and boiled. I thought it was grilled? Oh well. The dressing was ok though for a ceaser. 
Disappointing. I am not sure really what to suggest because it's hard to find good "bar grub". It's always hit or miss with that stuff. I have just found better wings and salads elsewhere.... ya know? Bummer.
:(
Cute patio though.Warning: I am a New Yorker and I know what good Italian food is. This is not it. But, I don't believe Philly can be all this bad. I just moved hear, so I don't know for sure yet, but if it is, I need to stop eating Italian food, except for when I return home.
But really, I've eaten Italian food in California, and they don't have great Italian food either, and I've had better than this there.
We started off with a cheese platter. It wasn't the worst. Some of the cheese was a little harder than I like it. The artichoke hearts were not as fresh as I like. And, the bread was a little hard.
Then, I got the Lasagna. It was barely passable. This was mostly because the ricotta cheese tasted good and the pasta was okay. The sauce was bland. And, it wasn't cooked all that well.
My wife got the Eggplant parm. It was yucky. The eggplant tasted like mush. And, again, the sauce was no good.
I also got garlic bread. Again, the bread was a bit hard, and there was nothing exciting about the garlic seasoning.
I was going to give this spot a 2 star rating, mainly because the waiter was nice. But then it happened. As we were paying are bill, we saw a mouse running around. My wife pointed out that in all fairness it was in their outside seating. But I've been in other outside seatings and never saw a mouse???
As we were leaving, I let the waiter know. As calm as can be, he said, "yeah, we've seen mice around here." Like it's no big deal? Not good. Not good at all. Stay AWAY!A few years ago, this place was sold to new owners, and now it's gone completely downhill.  The former owner strove for authentic Italian ingredients in the pizzas as well as sandwiches and was Italian herself.  The new owners know nothing about that stuff, except how to run a restaurant.  The authentic feel of this place is gone.I had been a regular customer for a couple of years as it's convenient to home and work.  The prices are good, the service is spotty, espeically from one airheaded waitress who doesn't seem to work there anymore and got confused when I asked for my salad dressing on the side.  Obviously that was a difficult concept.  The individual pizzas were usually pretty decent and fresh.
However, we won't be back anytime soon after purchasing food that once we got home was out-of-date.  I took the food back and got my money back and told them this was irresponsible...met with nervous laughter and annoyance from the cashier.  Ugh.In an area where there are NO Italian restaurants (only pizza parlors, but Allegro's is quite yummy!) save Salento across the Walnut St bridge and the overpriced Penne down the block, this is a savior!! 
I am really shocked at all the bad reviews - I've had a lot of their pasta dishes and they were all good. The eggplant parm was not really my style as I prefer extremely-thinly-sliced-breaded-and-fried-to-death-smothered-with-sauce-and-lots-of-cheese-goodness, but this was more of an authentic dish which I respect. The artichoke dip was very cheesy and quite filling for an appetizer, so I'd recommend splitting it 3+ ways. It's NOT your TGI Friday's overly-salty spin dip. I have never had their pizza, so I can't comment on that. BUT I've always had decent service. All my dishes have come out as soon as they were made, and the servers were never negligent and always friendly and helpful. Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the Uni City area, especially for a casual Italian sit-down dinner or lunch or some cheap after-work drinks not at the over-priced places on Sansom that are so bafflingly popular with Penn students.
The place is small, and the pizza is probably not the best in the world (duh). But the good variety, good service, good locale, and good food put this in my short list for a dinner out.I went here every week for 3 months for a small class meeting. While it is probably the best pizza in University City, the atmosphere, service and overall menu aren't impressive. This is a place where you might feel very at ease stopping in on your own or for a casual meal, but it's not special enough for a date or important occasion.Understandably others have not showered Pizza Rustica with glowing reviews. It isn't a 5 (or 4 or even 3) star restaurant. They don't scream "authentic" Italian although their menu suggests otherwise. 
What Pizza Rustica was for me was an approachable and accommodating Italian restaurant. Sure to please the Olive Garden going crowd and the (somewhat) discerning and adventurous diner. The prosciutto, mozzarella and sun-dried tomato panini was delightful. The gnocchi and tomato sauce was equally enjoyable. 
Maybe it's because I've grown up or because the burbs are starting to have a real effect on me, but places like this are okay by me. They don't overly impress but they surely don't disappoint.I frequent this place for lunch (I work pretty close by). The lines can get horribly long, so I've learned to call my order in ahead of time. They're pretty good about this, and my two current favorites are the prosciutto & fresh mozzarella panini (on ciabatta; baguettes HURT) and the sausage rustica pizza (can't get slices of this, so my coworker and I split the 8"). Mmmm! 
Service is a little brusque but the food is pretty good so I don't mind.