I've been here several times and would have given it up to 4 stars prior to my last experience.  Service was really bad.  No waters, had to flag down server to get more beers, waitress plopped the check down without me asking for it.  I think we are going to take a break from this place for a while and eat at any of the other great Mexican places in the area.Great place to go get a late-night burrito and some other Mexican dishes. I had the chicken burrito it was pretty good and a seafood salad also very good but my favorite dish...vegetable tacos (peppers, onions, zucchini mushrooms, carrot). Not on the menu but they made it for me and it was so good! Clean restaurant and friendly waitstaff, the cooks are also very nice.We come here a lot. My husband and I love Mexican food and this is just our go-to place for comfort food. Typically, we have a 5-star experience. The food is delicious, comes quickly and the staff is super friendly. They are also a great place to bring small children because it is a very family oriented place. 
There is one exception-one waitress will take your experience from 5 stars to 1 star. Her name is Lucy. We've had her a number of times and each time, it is nothing short of frustrating. She takes a long time to attend to her tables and she seems to always make a mistake about what we order, whether in English or Spanish. I asked for an order of quasedillas as a starter to a group dinner, she brought out 1 quasedilla. An order is usually 3. Usually I chalk this up to her mishearing us or just being really busy. But today, we ordered a smoothie for our 2-year old and she charged us $9! The price on the menu is $2.75. We brought up the rather clear discrepancy and she refused to take off the check. 
Every single other waitress is extremely competent and friendly, but this one will just ruin your evening. It is a relaxed enough place to just ask for another waitress if you see this one coming your way. I will from now on.Garabaldi, I'm so sorry, but you're so flipping fired.  The first time I visited you, I thought my quesadillas were an...unusual greasy mess, but chalked it up to maybe me just not being familiar with your style.  I was able to tell that your salsas were so not up to snuff, though.
So I just got a little hot burrito takeout action from you just now.  Beef with a special request of guacamole.  Apparently you decided this meant I wanted a side of guacamole, and also that you wanted to take the cake for all time most expensive burrito I've ever eaten.  $12.42, y'all!  FOR A BURRITO.  That didn't even include beans OR rice.  And it's worth noting...the guacamole?  Yeah, that is not guacamole.  At best it is salsa verde with avocado mixed in.  And it's not a bad salsa verde, but it you want to charge me five dollars for it?  Yeah.  And the meat isn't even that tasty.  All around, disappointment town.  Plus you didn't even give me a napkin with my to go container?
I appreciate the inclusion of picked vegetables with the burrito, though.  Way to show me that you guys are in fact Mexicans, and not what a slow white woman conjured up while writing a research paper on Latin America.I was here a few months ago and my date and I were wondering how this place stays in business since there are a number of better Mexican restaurants in the neighborhood. There is a little bar so you can order alcohol. Not byob like many other Mexican restaurants in the area.
Location: Good as it is right on Washington Ave and easy to find. 
Ambiance: Good. Decent decor and slightly nicer than some other small Mexican joints in the neighborhood.
Service: Terrible. It took a long time to get water. We ordered and then had to remind them again to bring us water once we got our chips and salsa. And then just forget about getting the servers to refill your water glass because they were nowhere to be found. We stopped our waitress and asked for more chips and water as we waited for our food. She disappeared and never brought us our water or chips. Then another server brought us our entrees. Again we asked for water but no water came. We had to ask for refill on water 3 times before we actually got it. We were almost done our meals at that point. And we just gave up on the chips we requested. Then hunting down a server to get our check was torture. We were going to pay by credit card but we waited 20 minutes and couldn't locate our waitress. I never give less than 15% tip but I couldn't recall the last time service was so horrible and we wanted to just get out of there after this horrible experience; so the waitress ended up getting a $3 tip from us since that was all the cash we had. And the place wasn't that busy. I would say maybe half the tables were full. 
Food: I ordered a vegetarian burrito. It didn't even taste like a burrito and mine are honestly better. You would think an authentic Mexican restaurant would know how to make a decent burrito. There were same raw veggies and rice tossed in a tortilla and it had little taste. My date ordered a full entree with fish and it was not memorable. I must admit that dishes at other tables looked tastier than our meals so maybe we just ordered the wrong thing.
Since food is the reason why I go out and the service was so terrible, I am giving this place 1 star. We left wishing that we just ate at home.I've been going here for years. I absolutely love the waitresses and there's nowhere else where you can get Mexican food at such good prices. The portions are huge and everything is tasty.
Make no mistake - this is not la Calaca feliz. It is no frills, authentic mexican food. I highly recommend the bistec con enfrijoladas and the queso fundido with chorizo - both are delicious. And don't forget a nice margarita with your meal.Priced right! 
Authentic!
BYOB!
Need I say more?!!
Oh yeah, what ru doing here.. go get some authentic Mexican food in South Philithy why don't cha.This is our first time ordered delivery from this place.  We didn't expect to be this good.  We always get delivered from a different t Mexican place.   we will be ordering from this place from now on.  So glad we tried this place.   Al pastor burrito, steak  burrito, nachos and grill shrimp with side salad and rice are all great.   Will be ordering from here again very soon.Amazing enchiladas suizas and fantastic flan. Love the free chips and salsa with every meal. Friendly servers, too. Lots of good things going on at this place. It would be worth five stars if they would JUST turn down the MTV Tres on the television.If you're looking to decompress and enjoy some authentic Mexican in the area, Plaza Garibaldi is where to go. The answer as to why is plain & simple... They have a bar and Karla can make a mean margarita or should I say 7. The service has always been consistent and quick. The food fresh, plentiful and good. Don't skip by this little hole in the wall... You'll regret it!The BEST Mexican food spot in South Philly. The delivery is quick, costumer service is awesome and the food is just amazing. Tacos al pastor, nachos, guacamole, EVERYTHING on the menu is worth trying.This place used to be a Vietnamese place a million years ago. The food is pretty good but a bit uneventful overall. The chilaquiles are the stand out for me, this is a down home mexican staple and they do it quite well. The tacos are juts okay to be honest, Taco Riendo is better for that imho, but as a place to bring a date and watch MTV en Espanol it is not a bad choice. Minus is no booze so remember to BYOB.
Cheers kids...Considering how hard it is to find homemade flour tortillas in the area, we were so glad to find Plaza Garibaldi! We ordered the Plaza Garibaldi queso fundido and it was awesome, especially since it was served with flour tortillas. After the appetizer and horchata drinks, the rest of the review goes downhill. 
My husband ordered the mole enchiladas. He's from San Antonio and is a huge mole fan. This mole was grainy and lacking of flavor. I had their Ribeye with seafood entree. The Ribeye is only ordered one way - extra well done. and the "seafood" on top of the steak was really just a few small shrimps + 2 awful mussels + artificial crabmeat. 
Overall impression, we would like to order the fundido to go please. They have delivery through grubhub, we may try that next time.It was a great experience. The food is fenomenal! The only downhill was a bit of lipstick in the rim of my glass. They changed the cup, but didn't offer to renew my drink. So i paid full price for half a drink. I guess a little training would help. I still give 5 stars, since the Chilaquiles were great!This place serves up enormous Mexican tortas, which are basically Mexican sandwiches.   They are the Mexican equivalent to Vietnam's Banh Mi, which coincidentally, can be bought just a block away.
If there is anything this place does better than others, it's the mole, which was is extremely subtle and delicious.  I can't stand mole that tastes like a bunch of melted bittersweet chocolate.  It should have just a hint of that bitter coco flavor.
This is a good Mexican restaurant centered in the best eating area in Philly.   I heart  Washington Ave.A solid place if you order the right things.  It's reasonably priced and the portions are large.
I've ordered:
Platters - great variety and flavoring.  I've tried three of them and they were all great.
Enchiladas - they're good, but almost too much of the same thing.  The sides are relatively small so I usually like to share these.
Burrito - Pretty good, but nothing spectacular and possibly a bit dry. Quite filling.
Quesadillas - they were a bit dry and boring.  I'd definitely go for something else.Really cheap and affordable! I only went here because Taqueria Veracruzana was packed.
I ordered the Al Pastor tacos which I thought were OK, mostly because I'm not sure what good tacos are supposed to taste like. I wasn't sure if the pineapples were in there but I eventually I saw them, but I don't think I tasted them. 
The service was very good. I would like to go there again but there are so many other Mexican spots I need to try. Recommended, though.Negative 5 Stars. Fish ala ammonia! Mushy, slippery, slimy. Rice almost fresh as stale cadaver dust. Never before have I walked away from dinner without eating. Unacceptable that decomposed seafood would make it to the table. Never going back.this place was recommended to me by a mexican friend, so going in there i had high expectations. homemade chips and salsa upon seating is ALWAYS a good start. after reading the menu over 6 times, i decided on the vegetarian burrito. it was good! 
guacamole is of a very strange consistency--almost soupy. 
salsa verde is incredible..............i mean incredibly spicy. 
well-priced, good service, good atmosphere. it's dark, small, mirrored walls, but still manages to put out an aura of romance. good date place! 
the one thing i have to mention is though although my boyfriend and i had a delicious romantic dinner, we spent hours in the restroom 
i don't want to say it was the restaurant's fault--perhaps our stomachs couldn't handle a certain chile pepper--but we had the runs, BAD, for hours. it hurt. eat at your own risk.Very disappointed in this place, i ordered the chilaquiles in red sauce and it was awful no taste whats so ever, my husband ordered the menudo and it was awful as well , i do not recommend this place at all.Overlooked and in the shadow of its neighbor across the street, you miss the brunch crowd completely at this hidden gem. Totally authentic and not skimpy on the portions, the food is first rate and inexpensive. Most breakfast items are $5, while most lunch and dinner options are around $10. Full bar for your Mexican beer and Margarita needs.Love this place and histrically the food is awesome but last night I saw that a mouse was hiding under the heating duct near the kitchen and was running out to grab bites of food off the floor.  Philly is full of mice and I've seen them in other restaurants but it made me stop eating and now I'm a little hesitant about going back.This is our go-to place to show people good Mexican food in Philly. Simply the best. My husband is Mexican and is pretty picky about where he will eat. The trick is to ask for their daily specials-it will vary with the season and what's freshest in the market. Lobster, lamb, steak, ceviche. You can't go wrong. We also usually ask for a pitcher of one of their fresh juices (horchata, anyone?). 
Also, they cater! We love their food so much, we asked them to cater a party and it was really tasty and very reasonably-priced. 
The staff are great. The food is delicious. The onlyl two days I would avoid going: May 5 and Sept 15-the place is packed and sometimes they run out of the specials. Don't make those dates your first trip there. Its just too crazy.Would have been 5 stars if they didn't stop BYOB, there is now a bar.
Still, prices, even of drinks, are very reasonable, food is simple but always made with care. 
Staff very courteous and welcoming. Fun, unpretentious, slightly kitsch. Yeah.I went here last night before going to a comedy show in South Philly. I'd heard good things about it from several people, and as I love good Mexican food I was excited to try a new place.
They brought out two salsa and chips. The red salsa had some spice, but it wasn't overly flavorful. The green salsa was pretty decent, albeit a little bit more watery than I like. The chips were ok. 
I had the chicken enchiladas suiza for the entree. Three big enchiladas covered with green sauce and drizzled with sour cream came out on a hot plate. Unfortunately the chicken was tough and chewy. I could barely saw through it with my knife. The green sauce was not very flavorful and unfortunately it was way more watery than it should have been. It was more like green soup than green sauce. The refried beans accompanying it wasn't bad but wasn't noteworthy as well. And the overcooked rice fairy struck yet again, giving me mexican rice that was crunchy.
I had horchata along with the meal. It was less creamy/milky and more watery than most horchata I've had before. Not only that but they didn't add in cinnamon when they made it, but put it on top of the horchata after they poured it. It doesn't sound like a big deal, but the cinnamon put on top doesn't mix in well especially when there are ice cubes in it, making a gloppy mess.
Service was ok, but the waitress said to me "Please leave a cash tip" when she ran my credit card, which was a little annoying.
I should have known better when I saw too many gringos in this place. I'd have rather gone to Taqueria Veracruzana or tried El Jarocho than this place.A friend introduced me to this place over a decade ago.  I have eaten here, and ordered takeout form this place several times, and never had a bad meal.  You get a lot of food for your money.  The service is always quick and friendly.  I would recommend the Chilaquiles con Pollo.  
My friend Bob is chiming in saying that I should give a shout out to the Carnitas Sopes.  Duly noted Bob.So sadly disappointed, we always went for the tacos but I decided to try out something else from the menu and asked for Camarones a la Diabla because I wanted some spicy food, the sauce was so sour like if they squeezed a whole lemon tree on it and I REALLY TRIED TO EAT IT but my stomach was hurting because of the lemon, so I told the waitress to try it and she said it was bad, she took it to the back and came back to say the CHEF said it was the recipe and that I had to pay it regardless, I was a client for over 3 years, not anymore, not only for the flavor but for the lack of importance the clientele has, not recommended.I give this place 5 stars because of it's prices and flavor. OH WAIT, AND THEIR MARGARITAS. I now come here for margaritas and tacos, (And micheladas) rather than Cantina or the other taco shops around the area.
Why? Because it's so cheap, and the service is great, and the atmosphere is so authentic. 
Competitors in the area will cost you around $9-10 for tacos, whereas Plaza Garibaldi has alcohol, and costs you only $6-7 for the same tacos. This is my choice for tacos and margz now.Como se dice, Great Mexican in South Philly? Laza Garibaldi is how you say it.
A small townhouse on Washington Ave just up from the 9th St Market is slinging out some of the best authentic Mexican food in the area. Even the prices make you feel like you're in Mexico with the a family of 5 eating there today for lunch for under $50.
As you sit down the attentive servers drop off a basket of crisp tortillas (they need a little salt) and two salsas (red and green; the green is super hot). For lunch I had the carnitas tacos for $7.50. I got a plate of three tacos filled with cooked pork belly, guacamole, cilantro and chopped onions. The pork belly was delicious but, some of the pieces were a little too fatty or basically fat.  My wife had the Tostda Tinga which were three medium crispy tortillas topped with shredded spicy chicken, refried beans, lettuce and crema. The platter was delicious, the chicken moist and filled with flavor. 
The Carnita Sopes were little maize cakes topped with shredded spicy pork, lettuce and crema. These cakes were taste bombs that transported you south of the border. The Gringa Platter provided a mix of pork, chicken, beef and bacon that was grilled and topped with melted cheese accompanied with rice, beans and salsa fresca. The dish was huge and brought back memories of Mexican street food during vacations. 
Other platters that looked amazing were the assortment of Rib Eye steaks that were enormous and the Enchiladas that were filled with shredded chicken, beef or vegetables.  I want to head back two try the crispy potato flautas that sound fantastic.
The restaurant menu is all in Spanish and the majority of the patrons inside are all Hispanic. You know the place is dishing out  authentic food when you're the only gringo in the place. 
A trip to Mexico is now easy as just heading down to South Philly and going to Laza Garibaldi.MMMM. Delicious. Vegetarian. Burritos. As. Big. As. Footballs.I would give more than 5 stars if possible! I have never not liked a plate I ordered at Plaza Garibaldi. My friends and I affectionately started calling this restaurant "Taco City USA"... I have no idea why as we didn't even order tacos that often. That being said, the tacos are GOOD. *Everything* is good. My boyfriend loves the carne asada, my roommate and I loved the sopes. Next time I'm back in Philly, I definitely need to make a trip back here. It's been too long. They always had nice waitresses and cute waiters. Good service, and it felt like you were in someone's home.Maybe if you never went in it's former heyday, you'd think this was good, but it's such a pale comparison to how fantastic it used to be. I live in the neighborhood and used to go in, or get take away regularly, but  with so many better Mexican places now in South Philly, I'd give this one a miss.The real deal? Yes, indeed. I only got a small chance to explore their menu, but the carnitas tacos were off the hook. Service was friendly, place was clean, and menu was extensive & reasonable.Not as cheap as La Lupe, and almost as good.
Located smack in the center of 11th Street and all the Vietnamese restaurant, this Mexican joint is okay. The mole is incredible, and the tortillas are corn (not flour). Tacos are your best bet for about $5 and all the ingredients are super fresh.
It's not the nicest place, and don't expect stellar service either.I've only had delivery via grub hub (I didn't even know they had a bar) but it has consistently been some of the best Mexican food I've ever had. Their nachos are literally to die for. Prepare your will.
Can't wait to come in for drinks and a sit down dinner.Atmosphere was a bit interesting ranging from well stocked wooden bar to standard cheapo Mexican place (with tacky curtains) in the dining area.
I was the only gringo (and it fairly was packed) not speaking Spanish. That's a good sign. Might be authentic! Mind you I love mexican food and go to it all the time. I'd speak in Spanish if I didn't always get strange looks. Bad accent - bad!
Families and friends were sitting around having meals and pounding back a delightful selection of Mexican beers. They had just about any one you could want. And of course those pair well with the food...which was great.
Can't remember the name of it, but I got a big platter of meat with rice and beans and some pico de gallo. Covered in cheese. Melted white cheese. Muy bien. Huge portion, too.
The chips and salsa was alright. The red salsa was tasty but not plentiful enough. And the green was a bit on the lime - heavy side for me.
Go here. Or don't. But you ought to.This is my favorite mexican place in philly.  It's less expensive with better flavor than some of it's fancier center city counterparts.  They are always friendly, although sometimes things get lost in translation.  Garibaldi used to be a BYO, but they got a liquor license.  Great for them! They have tons of Tequilla for you to drink now!!! I recommend the Enchipocladas if you like some spicy enchiladas.  And their Pechuga Empinasada is simple, but delicious.  I'm pretty sure they have specials that they don't share with Gringos, but if you have a Latino friend maybe you can get this coveted information.  This is authentic down to earth food great for all ages!I love this place.  On a recent visit we ha guacamole, tilapia tacos, and classic barbequoa de cabra, con consommé.  Awesome.  Great service!   Impressive, fascinating tequila selection.  Prices are fair, value is excellent. Please keep up the good work.Great Mexican food and extremely quick service I love the range of drinks as well they have a lot to choose from the meat was fresh along with everything else and the girls that work there are so sweet the prices are also cheap and the place is really clean I will be going back here!!Very authentic.  I had the Enchiladas Suizas and a coke which came in a glass bottle from Mexico (so no high fructose corn syrup). My boyfriend had the Enchiladas in Mole sauce.  I didn't like it as much, it tasted like it had too much clove in it. I had been there years ago and loved the mole- so it just may have been an off day.  I will definitely go back some time.In the footsteps of it's namesake in Mexico city , this place is always up for a party .. A Great place for a late night munch crawl without compromising on the taste .. And even though it can be a bit trippy with all the Neon lights in the night , they do have some good beer selection to get u past that ... 
The prices are reasonable and the bites are savory , which maybe is the right combination to add a little mariachi flavor in your life ...I had a pretty terrible experience here. No al pastor, no tortas... ended up with a chicken burrito that was seriously aweful. While it was huge, it was lacking the cheese, sour cream, and pico de gallo it supposedly had. Also, I am pretty sure the chicken was cooked in the microwave or something. Also ordered coffee which was a mistake, hard to drink it tasted so bad. Final cherry on top... my shoes were sticky walking out of the restaurant after waiting more than 10 minutes for them to take my card and cash me out. Wish I could say service was good, but my server also had a serious attitude. I do not recommend this place. Go to El Jaracho instead..I was here with a group. The food was pretty good - I got the mole burrito, which was mostly good, although it was maybe a little bland - it probably could've used more mole. Everyone else enjoyed their food as well, and the folks who got margaritas loved them - I didn't have one, though, so I can't really attest to that. The service was fine as well.
We *were* a bit perplexed by the price of the guac - it's $10 for a plate of about ~10 chips stuck into a little mound of guacamole. That's more expensive than I'd expect, but it was very fresh and delicious, so I'm not complaining too much.
A little funny thing that happened: the background music they played was a Pandora mix of Mexican folk. But the thing is, they only have the free version of Pandora. So a few minutes into dinner, we were surprised by an ad for Qdoba burritos... pretty funny.The Enchiladas Suizas will change your life.  The nachos, which are only $7 or $7.50, come with beef, chorizo, AND chicken and are the best nachos in the city. Hands down. And.. these people deliver. Yum. Yum. Yum.Best Mexican food in Philly.  Right in the heart of the Italian Market.  Check out the specials.My Family and I, had dinner here last night food was good  but service was probably the worst service i ever had in a restaurant. Dirty water glasses, no chips and salsa witch i know is complementary from this restaurant every other table had it but us my two kids where asking why we didn't get any, I asked the name of the server really sure she lie about her name. She was really aggressive, she got angry when I asked her about the specials witch i know they always have,  I ate here for many years and is sad to see this nice restaurant have employees who don't want to be working there.The prices are right and the service is good, but, everything that I have ordered contains meat that is way overcooked....to the point of being tasteless and hard to chewAuthentic mexican joint in South Philly. Free chips and a couple different salsas when you walk in. I tend to stick to the tacos and sopes here... also if you're craving Mexican breakfast, this place is open early (9am):  heuvos rancheros & chorizo/potato tacos are the way to go.
Full bar too.I work in the neighborhood of the italian market and have always walked by this place. when i finally tried it i was very happy to have found a gigantic burrito that can fill my belly for only 7 bucks. the guac and salsa are very tasty as well. I have been back a few times over the last few months and its been consistently good!Love everything about this place! Good drinks, one of the best Mexican places in south philly!Consistently delicious. Only about 5 vegetarian items on the menu but they are all well worth having.  The meat dishes (especially the fajitas) look and smell amazing.
Recommended: Vegetarian burrito, Vegetarian nachos, Vegetable Enchiladas, Potato stuffed taquitos (read menu carefully, you can get this stuffed with chicken OR potatoes), Several choices of quesadillas. 
The entrees come with lettuce and pico de gallo, refried beans and some with rice too. The quesadillas are good as an appetizer but not as an entree because they do not come with all of these side dishes. 
The free chips are fresh and delicious with two salsas that I like to pour all over my meal. 
Service is good.Coming from DC, this place was kind of amazing. Don't get me wrong, Salvadorans are cool, but I can only take so many pupusas before I burst.  
I had the chorizo and potato tacos for breakfast around 10:30am.  They were great.  I was kind of scared that I wouldn't be able to handle all the food because I had breakfast at 5:00 in the morning at Melrose after drinking all night.  However, I obviously ate all my tacos because 1) they tasted so good and 2) I'll pretty much eat a never ending amount of Mexican cuisine (which is maybe why I have a double chin in some of the photos of me in Philly).
So, the tacos were great, my friends had the sopes and they looked amazing as well, and they also ordered this seafood appetizer thing which looked really good.  Anyway, people in Philly should be very glad they have some good Mexican food there. Soak it up!
Also, I don't know what this Susan G. trick is talking about.  She probably goes to that racist cheesesteak place.Me encantaría darle una calificación más alta pero en realidad an perdido mucho los valores de como tratar a sus clientes en especial ese joven de pelo chino ¡¡¡que arrogancia la tulla!!! Con respecto a la comida es demasiado pagar 27$$ dólares por un platillo donde las sillas parece que se las están comiendo los ratones nono no definitivamente an caído muy bajo ,que lastima me encantaba ese lugarI love Plaza Garibaldi.  There, I said it.  A friend took me there several years ago, and now any time I'm down in the Italian Market area (and not having brunch at Sabrina's) I head straight over there.  Their cheese and chorizo appetizer is addictive (and potentially deadly with all that bright orange grease.  I try not to eat it more than once every three months).  I crave the tacos (al pastor and spicy shredded chicken are my favorites).  The tostadas are amazing and the freshly fried, unlimited chips are quite nice as well.  My friend Scott loves it in great part because they serve Mexican soda that is made with sugar instead of corn syrup.  For my money, there's no better quick/cheap/delicious Mexican food in Philly that this.I was a little disappointed to hear this was not a BYOB anymore, but had a delicious margarita with dinner. My boyfriend and I split a cactus salad- something I had never had before. The dressing was good, but I didn't care for the consistency of the the cactus leaves. I had a steak burrito that was very good. My boyfriend had a pork burrito that he raved about, said it was one of the best burritos he'd had in a while. Definitely worth checking this place out!Qué horrible fue que hoy en mi lugar favorito de venir a comer todo en fines de semana es el precio fue bien pésimo la comida es muy buena me gusta pero el servicio que nos dieron ahora fue lamentablemente malo horribleI came in here on Sunday kinda reluctant to try a new place.
The restaurant was clean and the service was really good. The complimentary chips were from a bag and didn't taste good. The salsas were good especially the red one.
I ordered a veggie burrito and enjoyed that it had real vegetables on it, not just frozen peas and carrots. The burrito was fine but nothing special. 
Maybe other items are more tasty but I am probably not coming back,.Big let down. Had high hopes from all the awesome reviews.
Let down #1: This is not BYOB. Some reviewers say it is.. Its not. And I'm reasonably sure they forgot the "T" in our margaritas.
Let down #2: Chips were stale. Salsa was watered down. Whats the point of chips and salsa if the salsa runs off the chips.
Let down #3: Carnitas tacos was more like cubes of pork fat warmed up in the oven. Awful. Taste was totally bland. Texture was awful. The limes on the side must have been cut 3 days ago, Couldnt even squeeze juice out of them. Not good.
Mediocre: Camarones Garibaldi -- Shrimp appetizer. The fried and breaded ones were pretty good. The bacon wrapped ones were more fat than bacon. For 9 bucks, we expected more. One of us was very disappointed.
Mediocre: Steak fajitas. This actually wasn't bad, but it was pretty bland. Vegetables were good, but the steak was tasteless. Guacamole on the side was a joke. I've never had watery guac before -- and it was unnaturally green (if the lights went out, would it glow?).
Restaurant atmosphere was nice enough, but the service was slow -- and dont expect to have any menu questions answered. Language barrier with the servers is pretty substantial. 
We're pretty regular customers at Tres Jalapenos, so that's become our benchmark for Italian market Mexican food. It's so much better than this. After we finally got our bill (not cheap!) from Garibaldi we went over to Jalapenos for some awesome fish tacos and guacamole.Great authentic mexican restaurant. I always go there on weekends for their specials. I love the rib eye tacos and lamb chops. Taste great and very reasonable!!! I highly recommend this place.Service is awesome.  If you are into delivery, they bring your order in an insulated food delivery bag. They also always give you chips and salsa.  Burritos taste awesome a lot of great flavor.  Cant wait to try everything else here. 3 straight knockouts in a row at this place.Definitely four stars.  I ordered off of grubhub, the food came quickly, well within the estimated delivery time.  The nachos were delicious.  Absolutely nothing wrong with them.  The tacos al pastor were tasty as well.  The guacamole was obviously freshly made but contained a little too much jalapeno for my taste - my mouth was on fire within a few bites.  Luckily it's hand made so the next time I order (and I will order again) I'll just ask for them to leave out the seeds.  All in all, an extremely pleasurable Mexican cuisine experience.  And the price was great!well, if you have a good 2 hours, plaza garibaldi is a decent choice.  just make sure you have the time to savor the flavor.  i'm a mole girl.  they have excellent mole enchiladas for philadelphia.  today, i lunched with my fellow spanish teachers and split (sort of) an order of nachos.  they were out of this world delicious.  the chips had a substantial element to them, unlike the flimsy bs you find elsewhere.  i really love their use of chipotle.  
it was also nice to pick up a copy of al día and catch up on my mun2 music vids.After moving to Philadelphia from Northern California I thought I would never have good Menudo (Pancita)...but I found the place!  All of their food is very authentic and not "homogenized""!  Full bar, great service and a friendly atmosphere make it a great choice!  BTW the Pancita is available on Saturday gotta ask for it!  Pozale all the time!!Tenia tiempo que no pasábamos por aquí , porque siempre tardaban mucho con las ordenes ,pero en esta ocacion no solo fue eso sino la pésima actitud del servicio ,pensaba que la señorita seria mas amable que el joven pero con los dos era lo mismo . 
Tomando en cuenta que solo había 2 mesas mas y no había ordenes por teléfono.
Y con respecto a la comida, faltaba mucho sabor .
El burrito de pollo sabia a lechuga solamente ,los nopales insípidos.
La enchiladas con un pollo muy seco y simple ..... en fin tenia tanta hambre que simplemente comí pero jamas regresaremos .ojala mejoren el servicioCute place with fine food and cheap drinks.
I scarfed down a very large veggie burrito and enjoyed a margarita. The salsas were delicious, and the staff was very nice. The atmosphere is very relaxed as well, definitely fine considering I paid ~$6 for a large dinner. I'd go again if friends suggested it, not amazing for vegans/vegetarians, but I understand the omnivorous crowd enjoys it.$5.00 for 3 tacos al pastor (spicy pineapple pork)... you can do no wrong.  With the copious quantities of chips and salsa they serve before the entree (free-ninty-nine), it's almost too much food.
It's a not a fancy joint.  Just no non-sense Mexican food at blue collar prices.
The TV set to Latin MTV or Telemundo soap operas is a bit much sometimes - they should really turn down the volume.***Review for delivery experience only***
I've been ordering from here through UberEats for the past couple of months now and I've never had a bad experience.
I would normally order a burrito or tacos, but my friend turned me on to the chicken enchipocladas and I will never turn back.  Corn tortillas filled with flavorful, juicy pulled chicken, then smothered in an addicting chipotle sauce, melted cheese, sour cream and avocado.  All entrée orders come with a decent helping of fluffy rice, refried beans and house-made pico de gallo on the side, as well as a nice warm bag of fresh tortilla chips and two types of salsas.
For only about like $12 or so, it's SO much food and I usually can get two meals out of it.
I've also tried their guacamole in the past, and it's pretty on point as far as flavor and texture goes.
I think prices are reasonable and delivery times are quick (I do live close, though).  Would love to dine in one day and try some other items from the menu!I ate there yesterday and believe that Plaza Garibaldi is the best Mexican restaurant in the area and more authentic than Cinco De Mayo on Crain Highway in Glen Burnie.  The chicken with mole poblano and flan were outstanding.  I will return often and encourage everyone to patronize this excellent restaurant.I order from here on UberEATS frequently and have never been disappointed. The food is always seasoned well they do run out of things sometimes, but that's expected.  The guac is the only thing that I think is overpriced, but it's so good. I definitely would recommend everyone trying it out.First time visiting earlier today (not sure why I haven't been earlier). Found it to be decent overall and good enough to come back to, but not better than several other restaurants in the area. Jamaica drink was just OK-best is at El Jarocho.
Followed Craig Laban's recommendation and had ribeye tampiquena (I think he suggested a different one, but just the sides are different), which comes with an enchilada with queso Oaxaca (I think) and mole. Also has rice, beans, pico de gallo, and mix of veggies/herbs (nopales, carrots, onions, radish, and cilantro). Person I was with had ribeye Garibaldi, which is similar but has a sope on the side with beans and a slightly different veggie prep.
Salsas for chips were good, especially verdes which is quite spicy. Service was so-so.
Bit early to make anything more than a tentative recommendation (like to visit a place 3-5x before I make a firm rating), but probably around 3.5 stars.
One of the original taquerias in Philly (opened in 2002), putting it with La Lupe (hasn't been open for about 7-8 years now) and Taqueria la Veracruzana for the first taquerias in Philly I think, unless you want to count Las Cazuelas as one...Just goes to show how much South Philly has changed in the past 15-20 years. Bit better here than at Taqueria la Veracruzana, but I do miss La Lupe.Absolutely superb.  The best lunch I have had in Philadelphia in months.  The Chilaquiles are phenomenal with this zesty sauce I only think I have tried before in Cabo San Lucas.  The owner, Raul, greeted me personally to make sure our dishes were prepared to our liking.  The staff was very helpful with our questions.  Will be back soon.
PS Excellent Mezcal and Tequila selectionI ordered delivery just before the cutoff time, which I  probably shouldn't have done.  My nachos arrived without any beans at all.  I had forgotten to ask them to hold the lettuce, so when they arrived I tried to pick it off.  This proved impossible - I have had less lettuce in some salads.  Nachos just aren't nachos without refried beans.This Mexican spot is delish. I love their food. I lost recently stopped by for some Sopes al pastor. I love the masa with beans, lettuce, and tons of cheese. Also the grilled pineapple pieces giving that marinated pork life- yessss !  I am a huge fan of their sopes. 
I hoped to take a picture of my boyfriends food but it was gone it so quickly. I can say it's a great compliment not to stop eating for a picture. Need to stress we recommend the Campechanos and Carnitas Tacos.This is a great spot. It's been here for years. They have a full bar (the margaritas were spot on) and they serve up big platters of delicious Mexican food. The chicken enchiladas I had were really tasty and filled with tender shredded chicken. They have outside tables and the service is prompt, efficient and kind. Great way to spend an October Friday night.This place is one of the first Mexican joints to open on Washington Avenue. They took over the location that used to be Saigon (one of the first Vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia)  But this was years ago when the Italian Market was still Italian. But I digress.
I had lunch at Plaza with my sisters and we ordered the sopes with al pastor, tostadas with ground beef and a fluantas platter. All items came 3 to a plate and it was way too much food for us especially since we also gorged ourselves on the chips and salsa that were brought to the table. Everything we ordered was topped with lettuce, queso fresco and crema. The flantas platter turned out to be the big surprise. 
I thought we were going to get a plate of 3 crispy rolled up little tacos aka taquitos. Instead these things were jumbo size (like an oldschool egg roll sized) and the platter came with a side of refried beans (yum) and pico de gallo.  My sister enjoyed her platter but I think she would have preferred the rolls to be smaller. She's all about the crispy outside rather than the shredded chicken stuffing.  But doused in the salsa it all tasted good. 
The service was friendly and on point but the decor isn't impressive. The floors are covered in commercial grade carpeting that isn't very attractive and the walls are wood paneled and the music is courtesy of Latin MTV or if you're lucky( insert *sarcasm*) a traveling troubadour. The live music thing at Mexican joints on Washington Ave seems to be a trend these days. The last time I had Mexican food on Washington Ave, I had to sit through 15 minutes of some guy belting out spanish tunes with a mic hooked up to a soundsystem. This time at Plaza, a young man walked in and sang a few acoustic tunes and although I recognized one tune (he did Last Kiss - remade by pearl jam) I could have happily done without the serenade. It wasn't that he was bad, he was just a little too loud and a little too close for comfort. Plus I always feel obligated to tip the performers even though I rarely enjoy the experience.
All in all, the meal tasted great and it was affordable (less than $10 per person before tax and tip) I would definitely come back just for the food but I wouldn't recommend the place if you were trying to impress someone with the decor or ambiance.Great food. Love sopas, burritos, and platters. They're a little slow at preparing things on time for pick-up that's my only pet peeve.Thank you, Andrea F, for leading the way to Plaza Garibaldi! I'd had this spot bookmarked for a while based on Andrea's review, and I finally placed an order for delivery one night earlier this week. 
I went with the chicken enchipocladas which was a tasty and hearty choice. There were three corn torillas stuffed with shredded chicken and topped with chipotle sauce, sliced avocado and a light sprinkling of queso fresco, plus a swizzle of sour cream. This was a nice, lighter alternative to enchiladas. 
On the side, I received a container with pico de gallo, rice and refried beans, plus a small bag of tortilla chips and two salsas. The meal itself was only twelve bucks but delivery plus tip put the total slightly above $20. Considering I got two meals out of it, that was fine with me. 
I might deviate to other menu items next time as I felt like I was missing a bit of texture. Overall, excited to have a new option for Mexican delivery!The food was great, the margs were tasty and the staff was friendly. I would definitely recommend the Al Pastor tacos.Sitting down for tacos is just so much fun, especially at this spot! With different places having different sides, platters, and tortillas, the 3 taco special here was definitely a surprise. Delicious, huge tortillas stuffed to the brim with meat. Extra limes and lots of onion. Rice and beans to top it all off. Really good portions and flavors, great quality. Got to try the steak as well, perfectly cooked. The free chips and salsa at the table came with a smoky salsa and a green, fresh one. Really enjoyed both, and the chips kept coming!