make a reservation, dust off something business casual, and get ready for a great experience.  the staff was friendly and accomodating. the server was aware of my vegan diet and went out of his way to provide me with a perfect meal.I was so excited to learn that Peter McAndrew's had opened a new restaurant!  I could not wait to eat at Popolino's and I was not disappointed!
The menu is authentic and well executed. The focus of the menu reflects the chef's passion for food bringing all the the true flavors of each dish to the forefront. Every dish is unique to itself and is a harmonious balance of flavors.  
 The atmosphere is welcoming and service is outstanding.  
From start to finish we all had a fantastic experience!  We did the tasting and from the first bite of the Tavola Calda "Hot Table" of room temperature vegtables  through the pastas to the desserts we were not disappointed.  
The gnocchi was light and flavorful.  Our favorite pasta was the short rib and sausage fettuccine.  
The Mozzarella In Carrozza is so good it should be illegal.  
We had a wonderful experience both times we had the pleasure of dining there.  It is definitely a a place you could make your regular dining spot!
I would like to add that I don't agree with the reviews that say the food is too salty.  I did not find anything to be too salty!
Can't wait to go back...
I only wish we had one in Fairmount!Just went last night to Popolino.  Went with 6 ppl so you have to take the Turista Menu.
The Antipasta from the Table was outstanding along with the Cannoloni pasta. Their rustic bread could be a meal by itself, it was that good. 
Our server was attentive and all courses were explained.
I was worried about all the reviews regarding salt and oil and not one of the six ppl in our party thought anything was too salty.
The timing between courses was paced very well and all in all a great restaurant experience.Absolutely wonderful. I can't think of another place I'd rather have dinner right now.  
With most new restaurants like Sbraga and Alla Spina chasing innovation and frankly falling on their faces, it makes a restaurant experience like this -at a time like this - even more refreshing.  
Inventive cooking is important and defines American cuisine, but Popolino reminds you that simple, fresh, traditional food cooked to perfection is a beautiful delicious thing.
The tavola calda in the middle of the dinning room tells you right away that there's no pretense here and we aren't going to take ourselves too seriously,  this might as well be your own house.  It also tells you that everything here is going to revolve around the food. 
And it does.  Everything kills.  From the first antipasti that hits your mouth-in my case the perfectly prepared vegetables from said "tavola" like sweet and sour carrots and balsamic mushrooms (vegetarians rejoice), the bucatini which you bite and say "oh my god, THATS al dente" slathered with honest fra diavolo that splatters all over the table cloth (because hell this is your kitchen and this is amazing), cannelloni not stuffed with drab ricotta that makes you full and bored after a mouthful, but instead with a light and lively herbed pureed cauliflower. the veal saltimbuca was the best I've ever had, the eggplant rolatini fantastic.  The desserts were great.  
Everything on the menu was simple and fresh, a handful of ingredients, cooked perfectly, based on recipes that are hundreds of years old for a reason.  No decorative flourish scribbled on the plate, no imprimé tower sticking out of a pile of risotto leaning at the same angle as the torre di Pisa.  Just a plate of noodles, a fork, a spoon and some grated pecorino Romano.  Half as expensive as anything else this good.  
Are you listening Vetri?
But forget all of that- The bread,  oh my god, the bread!  If that was the only thing they served i'd go back and pay the same bill.  The yeast in the Biga starter might have fallen from God's rafters.
I have had two dinners that were very similar to Popolino, one in Rome the other on the edge of Florence- neither had heard of Michelin (or vice versa).  Both bursting at the seems with belly laughs and wine and pasta and bread from heaven, and people who stayed for hours.  
Now there's one in No Libs.
Thanks Peter and Ernesto.On a scale from Monsu to Modo Mio, well Popolino isn't even on it. However if you have not yet dined here, I still recommend giving it go. As others have mentioned, Popolino is not your mom & pop red sauce Italian restaurant. The dishes here vary, from safe to adventurous. Play around, Popolino (like Monsu and Modo Mio) offers a turista - a great way to explore the menu. Also don't forget a bottle of wine or three.I had dinner here the other night with a party of 15. Our 2 servers were very attentive, warm and friendly.  We never felt rushed even though we were there till about midnight.  The servers made sure to tell us that the gratuity had been added so we didn't accidentally overpay. 
I had the following: to start, seared lamb carpaccio on a bed of arugula and pecorino chunks. This was sooo good. A surprisingly huge portion of tender, ever so slightly seared lamb.  Next came the Bucatini All'amatriciana:  wonderfully spicy, salty al dente hollow spaghetti with chunks of pancetta.  I was FULL but next up were the Involtini di Manzo: beef rolls braised to tender perfection.
They brought out a bunch of desserts for us to share.  The marscapone cheesecake was by far my favorite.  The chocolate budino was good but VERY thick and rich.  Tiramisu and panna cotta were delicious.  There was one other dessert that I didn't care for, some sort of nut tart. 
A few criticisms: As other reviews have pointed out, some of the dishes are on the salty side.  My Bucatini and Involtini were both fairly salty, but I like salty food. It made me THIRSTY though....like there wasn't enough water in the place to quench my thirst. Service was a bit awkward.  It's rough serving a large party, but there were a few slip ups with the wrong food coming out, having to come back and ask what one of us had ordered etc. There are a few inconsistencies.  For example, my appetizer (and many at the table) was huge.  My boyfriend's shrimp appetizer had one shrimp though.  He was finished in 2 bites and I was still chowing down on a big plateful  of carpaccio. 
Tips: If you have a large party, they'll only take reservations for very early in the evening (5ish) or late (after 9pm) and everyone must get the Turista Menu ($40 for your choice of 4 courses).  It's cash only and byob. They are VERY accommodating to gluten free peeps.  Even though the gnocchi is gluten free, they used a separate pot of water to boil my friend's gnocchi so it didn't mingle with any gluten tainted water. 
You get a lot of food for the money, be prepared to eat!The service was spot on! So tentative, friendly and food came out very quickly. I was impressed with how fresh everything tasted and later learned that the chef keeps an herb garden on the side of the restaurant. I love a chef who appreciates and value fresh ingredients. If I had to complain about anything it would be that a few of the dishes were heavy on the salt. My favorites were everything from the Hot Table (Roman style antipasta), Calamari Fritti and the Fried Egg Lingua. The Lingua was the most tender piece of meat I've ever had. Get the baked pudding for dessert! Also a cute place for a date night.Came here this past weekend with a group of 10 for a bday party.  Only available reservation was 5:30 pm but eventhough some of the guests arrived late we never felt like we were being rushed to make up for time.
Service was great.  By the time we finished the place was overflowing so can't completely rate on how it would've been had we had to deal with a maxed out room.  Nonetheless the manager was great and servers very attentive.  
Now onto the food.  We did the Tourista menu and I don't think you can go wrong, just make sure to be adventurous and try some of the more interesting dishes.  My lineup consisted of Lingua, Gnocchi, and Venison.  The Lingua was flavorful all on its own and a guaranteed winner.  Didn't think I'd be raving about it but it impressed.  The Gnocchi were so soft and just melted; some of the best I've had.  I hope they bring back the Tortelloni (stuffed w/ veal sweetbreads) as I really want to try that.  The Venison was impressive as well.  Tender, full of flavor and perfectly cooked.  Went great with my selection of red wine for the evening.
The wife had the Tavola Calda to start.  I'm not a fan of vegetables but would not mind ordering this flavorful selection.  The Oxtail Cannelloni was next up for her.  It was an interesting dish but lacked salt.  Good, just not sure I'd order again.  Her main dish was the Roasted Suckling Pig.  Top-notch dish.  Pork was tender, full of flavor, and the added pieces of crunchy skin were perfect.  Clear this dish, grab some more bread, and sop up the juices.
Dessert was ok.  The cheesecake stood out from the rest, but if I could order an extra appetizer instead of dessert I'd be happier.  This place will definitely be in the rotation.Came in for a birthday dinner for a party of 15.  The service was fantastic and the food came out pretty quickly.
The turista menu is $40 and includes an antipasti, pasta, entree, and dessert.  It is an incredible deal and SO much food.  Too much.  I couldn't stop myself and ended up oeverreating and could barely walk out the door. I started out w/ the foie gras wrapped in proscuitto w/ fig.  Completely decadent and very delicious, although I preferred my friend's incredibly flavorful lamb carpaccio.  For the pasta I got fettuccini with short rib that just melted in your mouth.  The only complaint was that the pasta was a bit on the al dente side.  I tried my friend's hollow pasta which was super al dente and a bit too crunchy.  For the entree I got the roasted lamb, which was also fantastic, but by this point I was already pretty stuffed so couldn't enjoy it.  The desserts were kind of a disappointment.  We got a sampling of all of them, and the only one I liked was the cheese cake.  The pana cotta and the tiramisu were all kind of boring.  We also had some kind of dark chocolate dessert in a ramekin with fruit on top that was not appealing at all and super super bitter.  I guess at that point it really didn't matter since I was too full to eat any of it anyway.
Although the menu doesn't appear to be gluten or vegetarian friendly, they were able to accoommodate both with a lot of options.  I've actually never been to a restaurant that had gluten options of everything.  Including gluten free rolls to start with.  The service was incredibely friendly and accomodating and they didnt' seem the least bit annoyed that we were a party of 15 eating dinner at 9:15 when they technically close at 10PM.Gave Popolino a second try and it was pretty darn tasty. Everything that was wrong last time was definitely corrected.
The boyfriend and I decided we would go with the turista since it's a pretty good deal and would give us the option of ordering a bunch of items to try.
For the most part, the food came out perfect - not too salty! woo hoo! and delicious. I ordered the skate special which normally is a very salty seafood dish but they cooked it just right. There was also this other special that I enjoyed, I forget what it was called but it had what I believe was squid ink in it. So yum.  Dessert still needs a bit of work but they're getting there.One of the best journeys my palate has experienced! Our party of three experienced a delay in seating of about 30 minutes even though we had a reservation, but the staff apologized multiple times and opened one of our bottles of wine to enjoy while we waited. Once we were seated the service was very attentive and personal. The manager was our server throughout the meal and made some great recommendations!
We went with the turista menu, which is essentially the same concept as the identically named option at the better known sister location Modo Mio. For apps, the star was the Mozzarella In Carozza which was absolutely phenomenal. For the pasta course, the carbonara was amazing as was the lasagna. We went with two of the whole fish specials and one order of Involtini for the main. All were delicious although I'd definitely want to try the porchetta on my next visit. 
Overall, Chef McAndrews continues his success from Modo Mio at Popolino and I'd argue does an even better job here. The turista menu along with BYO makes this place a "must-visit" destination for anyone seeking a fantastic Italian dining experience that fortunately doesn't wreak much havoc on the wallet!Popolino has been on my 'must try' list now for quite some time, so you can imagine my excitement when my girlfriends bachelorette party dinner was slated to be here.  We arrived as a party of 8 on a Saturday night at 7:30p and sat right down.  The decor of the place is clean and beautiful.  We came armed with many many bottles of wine, which our waitress promptly opened.  We never had a second without an open bottle of wine... a sentiment i much appreciated.
Due to the fact that we were a large party, we did the 'menu turista' $40 price fixe 4 course tasting menu.  As the token vegetarian, I had plenty of options.  I confirmed my choices with our waitress who might have been slightly over-helpful, but much better than a bit bite of something icky.  We also had a gluten-free cohort who our waitress took good care of too.
Upon placing our orders, we received bread and olive oil with ricotta cheese and lemon.  It was decadent to say the least, but the bread was just too big for someone with no self-control (me).  It was too delicious, and unfortunatly, I comitted a fatal flaw of eating the whole thing.  I wish i knew what was coming or I would have contained myself.  
For my first course I ordered the antipasti.  It came out as an awesome meadly of grilled vegetables, cheeses, capers, etc.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful, but the most notable was the blue cheese on the crostini.  I threw some grilled veggies on there, and was blown away by the flavor profile.  That will haunt me in my dreams.
My second course was the gnocchi di castagne.  The plate arrived, and it really looked bare and kind of ugly.  No pride in presentation here.  The discription made me think it would be tomato pieces in a white wine sauce, but the sauce was in fact red, with chunks of tomato.  The taste was good, but really really salty, and the texture of the gnocchi was mealy/gritty which sure isn't what I'm used to.  The good news was that the serving was small.  
My main course was the eggplant parmasean.  I wish i had more room to enjoy this.  It arrived looking like a piece of lasagna, but the dish was cooked perfectly, and had tons and tons of cheese, which is just how i like it.  The red sauce was also a bit salty, but delicious thru and thru.  
Finally, we got to desert.  The restaurant had run out of everything except tiramisu (yawn), flourless chocolate cake (yawn), 3 salted carmel puddings, and 1 berry panna cotta.  I managed to snag one of the 3 puddings... but when they got to the end of the table, nobody even wanted the chocolate cake or the tiramisu.  They're just kind of past their prime in terms of excitement/ worth the space.  A bunch of us did get cappucino which was pretty tasty, and necessary.
Also worthy of mentioning is that a few of the people I was out with had a tough time eating a few dishes.  They may not all have the most refied palates, but everyone was commenting that the food was really really salty.
All in all, i had a lovely meal.  The service was top notch.  I've never seen such responsiveness when making a reservation.  Our server was phenomenal!  They were so great in catering to our bachelorette party.  My meal, while salty, was good.  I'm glad I had the chance to try this place, but I'm not sure I'd go running back.  I'd definitly like to give it another shot... but I won't be running...I went here and was so happy to find they are SO gluten free friendly!! They brought out gluten free bread with everyone else's bread-  it was so refreshing to eat bread like a normal person again! they also had a lot of menu items to choose from and made special care to ensure i wouldn't get anything that wasn't cooked with gluten items. By far the most accommodating food allergy place i have been to. All the food they did serve me was really good and appropriate portions. I left feeling full, but not overly full where I just wanted to be rolled home n a wheelbarrow.Unique cuisine idea: roman Italian style. Food was awesome...in particular, the lamb, gnocchi, and trout crepes were amazing!I was looking forward to my meal here but left disappointed... Went with my parents and the man friend around 8PM on a Saturday night. The place wasn't packed but the staff seemed very busy, running around, kind of chaotic. We were hungry and cold and it smelt delicious so we decided to stay.
The highlights: BYOB & $40 for four course tasting with plenty of food to eat. I really enjoyed the appetizers, angolotti and the little amuse bouche of beet & ricotta crustini.
The lowlights: most of the dishes were waaay oversalted, our server (who recognized us from the previous restaurant in the space) spilled our wine (and did nothing about it - not even comped a $6 side dish which cost less the the glass he spilled), we waited over 25 minutes between the appetizer and pasta course, we were never offered the complimentary Sambucca at the end of the meal, the toilets did not flush in the bathrooms, and the water refills were few and far between (especially needed with the oversalted dishes).
I probably will not return, and I love me a good 4-course meal for $40 and a BYOB. The service was just not worth it. And the salt. I wish people would let you salt your own food (especially when ingredients like pancetta and proscuitto and cheese are already in it). If you do decide to go and experience it for yourself, you do not need to get additional sides if you do the tasting. There is plenty of food to eat. We ordered 3 additional sides for 4 people who ordered the tasting and maybe finished one.
It's sad because I love McAndrew's Paesano's and have always wanted to try Modo Mio but am unsure now after this experience...I can no longer count the number of times I've been to Popolino, for both lunch and dinner, but most often for lunch.  I've gathered there with a couple of professors from Temple's music department, along with an auctioneer from Mullica Hill.  The service was impeccable and the food consistently delicious.  But being able to linger lesurely over a meal always made me feel that I was dining in some hillside trattoria in Itay.  There are so few places of such quality in the city where you can do that.Get the fantastic tavola caldo. I could live on this stuff. Entrees we tried were very solid (albeit a bit oversalted). The calamari is also very good thanks to the fish sauce. The desserts, including a budino-imposter, were also very good. Great service...but the place was pretty empty when we dined there for brunch.Where do I begin.  This was probably one of the best meals I've ever had.  Me and my boyfriend wanted to try it since we loved Motomio.  I am more than happy that we did and couldn't wait to write this review. The calamari fritte was the best I've EVER had hands down!  I also have to recommend the stuffed pork chop.  I am a chicken and steak eater and rarely order pork but decided to try something different.  It melted in my mouth.  I couldn't believe how delicious it was.  Even though I couldn't finish my meal because there was so much food, everything was unbelievably delicious.  Not to mention our server, Scott and hostess, Karen were great!  I will definitely be going back.  This place is ranked 5 stars without a doubt!Peter McAndrews and his team move into the once named Lafayette Bistro and make magic happen!  Big fan of his original restaurant, Modo Mio, but Popolino is now another Italian restaurant I'll revisit again and again. This time it's Roman style.  Dining room is large and airy with large windows throughout.  White table-cloths, chandeliers and brick walls   And the antipasti bar in the center of the room.  Must have the marinated onions, fresh mozzarella, and cici beans with tuna.  Pastas are handmade, and the entrees are rustic.  Stepped out of my comfort zone and had the oxtail.  De-lish!   The tiramisu for dessert was the perfect way to end the night.  Light airy and not too sweet.  Paired our dinner with a great Pinot Noir and the evening was bliss.  Where do I vote for Pete to compete on The Next Iron Chef?Definitely a 5 Star Establishment.
I came here on a Friday night with Aaliyah P, Christian L, and Jaime and my sister.  Aaliyah P did all the work, made the resos (last minute) and gave us the rules (cash only, don't be tardy for the party, byob).
I went with the Tourista Menu, and I am glad that I did. It was an excellent value, and I was able to taste everything that I wanted to (kind of...). I had a pasta with pesto for my first course and chicken piccata for the second. LOVED my choices. Chicken was perfectly cooked, and the pasta was perfectly seasoned.
Highly recommend as a date location. It's quiet, and I don't feel like you would run into a ton of people to interrupt you, etc. The service was also top notch.
I'm confused at the other reviews because we did not have any of these issues that they described so beware of the haters.Since I love Modo Mio, Paesanos, and Monsu, I was sure I would also love their new restaurant Popolino.  I was not wrong.   I was so happy to hear that they were opening a new restaurant in my hood.
The food here is SO GOOD.  Amazing.  I am a vegetarian and there were plenty of choices for me.  I started off with the antipasti bar.  So many choices!  I had roasted beets, carrots, broccoli rabbe, olives, and many other delicious offerings.  The focaccia bread and oil with peppers were light and delicious.  
Gnocchi castagne - light and fluffy gnocchis made with walnut flour, covered in the sauce from the gods.  It's an amazingly yummuy tomato and wild mushroom ragout - I don't know how they pack so much flavor into it.  It was topped with 2 types of grated cheese by the gracious waiter.
Eggplant panza...something.  Two eggplant rollatinis filled with cheese and simmering in a second exquisitely delicious sauce.  The eggplant slices are thin and soft and the sauce was a thick tomato sauce with some bits of greens and a touch of cream.  Heavenly.
The service is extremely warm and friendly and attentive.  It feels like you are visiting the home of friends.  
This is the type of place that everyone will like - your parents from out of town, your friends who are picky with food, vegetarians, and foodies alike.  They even have gluten-free gnocchis, pasta, and other dishes on the menu, so you can take your friends with Celiac disease too!  I will totally be back.Ate here lastnight with two other people and the reviews were all similar.  The food was extremely inconsistent and the dishes were poorly put together.  Each of us had the 4 course meal. 
The bread here is terrible.  It is super doughy yet very moist.  So moist that the server couldn't get the bread off of the tongs because it was stuck in the moist dough.
First we shared a Lamb Carpaccio which was .....cooked???  Confusing.  We also had Mozzarella fried with capers which was OK and a liver dish which was terriblly over cooked and chalky.  We also ordered the Prosciutto off the menu and after the 15 minutes it took our waitress to figure out HOW to cut it it was super thick and just ruined what looked to be a deliscious piece of cured meat.  Prosciutto thickis like a sole of a shoe.
Second we had gnocchi w/ mushrooms which was OK but lacked the real nice strong mushroom flavor a porcini mushroom offers and was substituted for a portobello.  Fettucini with braised meat ragu was OK but unlike the other reviews had absolutely NO salt.  The star of the night was the canneloni with oxtail.  It was great and the sauce on that dish was perfect.  We actually put my fettucini ragu into that dish and it was scrumptious.
Main course was a bust.  The Calves Tongue was terrible,  I've eaten this dish before and loved it.  This one was not good.  Veal Saltimbocca - this dish didn't live up to its name.  It had most of the elements but just lacked the traditional saltimbocca flavorings.  I also heard this restaurant was Roman styled and was thinking the saltimbocca would have some Marsala as traditional Roman Saltimbocca does.  It did not.  The last dish was the worst of this night.  The Bistecca.  This was a cut of beef that looked like pork (white texture).  It literally tasted like it was boiled and just dripped oil on it.  Zero flavor and it was over cooked.  Not that great. 
Dessert came and they were all very good.  A chocolate dish, Tiramisu, and can't remember the last.
On to the service, extremely inexperienced staff that was OK just not very good.  The Busgirl/Hostess/food runner was delightful to talk to but the waitress was not great.  It took her a few minutes to open our wine and when we received an ice bucket there were about 4 cubes in the bucket.  This normally isn't a huge problem but our wine was just bought and was very hot.  
All in all I would definitely not go back to this restaurant nor reccommend anyone to go.  I certainly would not tell someone to not go either.  To each his own.  This place lacked something and it's hard to pinpoint what.  I wish there was one dish I had to come back for but there was not.  The canneloni was great but not enough for me to come back.Went to Popolino (5th & Fairmount) last night.  
Well, let me just say...the "Mick" sure has cornered the market on Italian around here.  Peter McAndrews latest addition, Popolino, open since March is a jewel.  
We started with the 'Hot Table', which was a big table of so many different things that these antipasti filled the plate.  I would estimate that at least a dozen items were on it, with too many items to mention.  Very good.  The Pane Fritti was also a very good ap, with fried bread, prosciutto, fig jam and goronzola.  Delicious. 
For the pasta course we went with the carbonara which was so smooth and silky.  I opted for the Gnocchi made with chestnut flour with mushrooms.  I honestly think it was the best pasta course I've had in a long time.
An entrée of spiced tuna steak, with a Marsala sauce was excellent.  And veal.  Good lord I love veal, and it was so good here.  In a delicious white wine and sage sauce, with a little prosciutto, which I actually thought was some thin bacon.  
Tira Misu in a coffee cup was good, but the plum bread pudding, with a  crème anglaise and raspberry sauce.
Why there would be an empty table in this place is beyond me.  I liked it better than Modo Mio.  Yep, I said it.
They have the same type Turista Menu, for $40.  I love the concept as it gives you enough of everything for a decent price.  The ambience of the place beat Modo Mio hands down.  I could actually hear my companion, and enjoy the conversation.  The tables were not as close together as Modo Mio, and I didn't have to hear every single syllable of the people next to me.
This place has risen to the top of my BYOB heap.  And Ernesto can work a room like the pro he is.
Two people, two cappuccinos @ $4 each, plus tax,  total bill $95.00As a fan of Peter McAndrew's Modo Mio and Paesano's we wanted to try his other restaurants starting with Popolino. The experience at Modo Mio was so amazing that we went in with really high expectations for our meal. And while the two restaurants have many things in common including the menu tourista, it ends there.  Even though many of the items on the menu closely reflect those offered at Modo Mio- the quality of the food and service was definitely not the same.
At the center of this BYOB restaurant was the Tavola Calda, a 'hot table' selection of room temperature antipasti Roman Style ($10). As one of the starter options, diners could walk around and choose from all the different dishes.
We tried the hot table, Mozzarella in Carozza, Arugula Salad and complimentary bruschetta. Amongst it all the mozzarella in carozza dish stood out as the most delicious: a large stuffed Italian bread, egg dipped, pan friend and served in a creamy anchovy caper butter.
  Only one person from our party tried the menu tourista as it really is an abundance of food. For the mail meat dish, our friend ordered the Porchetta. A crispy roasted suckling pig served with coriander, goccia, porcini and provolone gauzetto. He seemed to thoroughly enjoy every bite, ranting and raving about the experience. As for the rest of us, we looked forward to our dessert.
The desserts at Popolino are standard desserts available at most Italian restaurants. Amongst our orders were the Panna Cotta, tiramisu and chocolate cake. While they were all good, none stood out as being outstanding and memorable.If you like really rich, tasty food like I do this is the place for you. It's also wallet friendly for an intimate spot. And it's BYO. I usually come here with my boo. The turista menu will fill you up in a good way. Once, I came with my girlfriends who have never been here. They were impressed and satisfied. Just don't order the pound cake for dessert. It came out hard as a rock. I can't believe they would even serve that to their customers. I could hardly run my fork through it so I ended up eating the pieces that crumbled off. Dry and bland. But everything else was absolutely delicious.I have always been a huge fan of modo but with the new menu at Popolino I have a new favorite. The menu is unique and filled with great choices. The option to pay $40 for four courses is a great way to try a bit of it all. As a BYO you can easily stay for hours enjoying the romantic dinning room and friendly staff. I am gluten free and chef went out of his way to make sure I enjoyed my meal with gf bread, pasta and dessert. The chestnut gnocchi blew me away and the trout with crab, toasted almonds, brown butter and a touch of orange marmalade simple incredible.I came here on Sunday for the tasting menu, it was some of the best and most unique Italian I've ever had. Amazing inspired dishes with new and interesting flavors like nothing I'd ever experienced. I will always recommend this place to local friends and out of town visitors alike.This is a great BYOB. I came on a Friday night and it was perfect. There was a short wait before we were seated and greeted by our wonderful waitress. There roman style cuisine is a wonderful change up to the traditional italian that you find all over the city. The tasting menu is a reasonably priced and wonderful way to get a great taste of the menu. To start I had the fried chicken liver and pigs ears. I had never had pigs ears but these weren't chewy like I've heard in the past about pigs ears. These were tender and crunchy. For my my second course I got the carbonara which was creamy and light (I could have licked the plate). My third course was beef tongue. It was marinated and grilled until it was the consistency of tender brisket. There was also a desert course but I am not the biggest fan of sweets. I was extremely satisfied and will be going back shortly.this place was great. service was above avarage. food was five star. We went with a group of six. Everyone was happy. Didn't like that they added 20% to the bill. i usually tip more for service this good. but will only leave the 20% they add. Cannot wait to go back. Actually like this a little more than modo mio. Cant believe i just said that. But popolino feels like your at a fine dinnig with outstanding food. where as modo mio feels like the local place with great food. Both r great. And when you factor in price they cant be beat.Peter McAndrew's newest offering cements the Irishman's position as the undisputed king of Modern Italian in this city. 
Thats right I said it.  
Sorry, South Philly. Step up your game and get outside grandma's recipe book. 
That goes double for Vetri and clan. The Main Liners can have them (and pay double as well). 
Paesanos already makes the best sandwiches in a sandwich town,  Monsu has pioneered Siciliano Nuovo,  Modo Mio blows up your idea of a Red Gravy place, and now Popolino does a fresh take on what they are calling "Roman Trattoria".
You've got to get the Tavole Calde  - the antipasti bar that dominates the dining room. Much more nuanced in terms of flavors and textures than I was expecting.
The Calamari fritti were exceptional with notes of Ginger and Mint ?!?! I was floored. 
The Spaghetti Carbonara is typically a layup...but I have certainly had better... the best pasta at the table was their special lasagna w/crepes instead of noodles, creamy spinach bechamel, and a rosé sauce.
Everything was made up for by the Involtino de Manza, which is code for "The Best Braciole you've ever had". 
Dolce and Coffee felt like and afterthought and could use some work.
The meal had ups and downs, but the bright spots won by a mile. The Antipasti are clear winners, and I might consider coming back simply to try them all.
Piece of Advice: You don't need the 4 course "Menu Turista". They will tell you it's the only way to dine with them. Don't get me wrong, the food is amazing, but you will eat every bite of those 4 courses and you will roll your fat ass out that door. Just pick 2-3 things and come back again (and again). 
Trust Me.This was great, especially the mussels. The veal saltimbocca was particularly good. The chef was very nice and surprisingly young for being able to cook so well.Our entire evening at Popolino was relaxed, fun and oh by the way the food was to die for. I firmly believe that this new restaurant is the best Italian dining in town. The servicers were really friendly but even better they were well informed and unflapable. They made our two hours of unrushed eating and talking so much more enjoyable. 
The four courses were not too small and not to large,they were just riight. The flavors were smack your tongue delicious.
For you gluten free folks they cover you with gluten free bread and pasta which my wife loved.
Soon this will be a tough reservation.Solid, great new restaurant. I enjoyed this place much more than Monsu. 
I know what you are thinking - another BYO Italian spot. But no...this place is different. They offer the same $40 tourista option, where you can choose one of each course (required for parties of 6+). The service is excellent, and our waitress was super cool / friendly. 
Fav dishes among our party of 6: lamb kebabs app, shrimp w/artichoke cake app, bucatini pasta (fav pasta overall), short rib fettuccine and rib eye entree. 
Just ok dishes: calamari, gnocchi, sweatbreadsEverything was delicious.  Attention to detail was impeccable. The crepes and fluke rocked my world. The staff made us feel like family. We will be back again and again.As with Monsu' the brunch service was very attentive.
The online brunch menu for Popolino was that of Monsu.
We went to Popolino looking for interpretations of "offal".  Very few examples on the brunch menu.
Given that:
The lamb appetizer  was such small pieces that you have to wonder how much time is given over to their fine cutting.
the calamari is excellent.
the mushroom soup is pure liquid salt.  We were stricken with thirst an hour after.
the tongue is wonderful.
The pastas were less than acceptable.
First - they served us the main course before the pasta - a major service error.
The rigatoni - of course boxed, were so hard as  to be inedible. 
The  chestnut gnocchi were so small and so smothered in some kind of tomato sauce that they were little more than undefined mush.
I find Monsu quite good,  Popolino is hasty, ill prepared and resting on other reputations.  Even the website is hastily and ill posted.AMAZING!!! AMAZING!!! ...& An Amazing Place to eat. Not only is the BYOB an added plus, but the food portions and the quality of the cuisine are indescribably good!  I highly recommended the Calamari because its unlike any other Calamari you will ever have.Absolutely fabulous meal.  We ate dinner at Popolino's on Friday evening and the food, service and decor were fantastic.  We did the Menu Tourista.  The tavola calda is to die for.  It is an assortment of antipasti that was so delicious, that I still can't get it off my mind 3 days later.  Kudos go out to the professional service team, especially to Scott.  Another big plus was the nice stemware provided for the BYOB wine.  Mille grazie.Someone please take the salt tub away from the chef!
Came with a friend the other night and our otherwise fine impression of the place was  ruined by consistent oversalting of practically every dish (the pasta with ragù of rib meat was inedible and sent back).
To the good parts:  a fairly large selection of antipasti ready to be served from the table at the center of the room brings a good variety of grilled vegetables and other standards, the menu is fairly priced, and the desserts were excellent.
My appetizer of grilled veal tongue brought two very thin pieces on a lovely polenta square - that polenta alone would have made a good appetizer.  The home made pastas were carelessly cooked but that problem paled compared to the excessive saltiness of the pasta dishes.  An otherwise deftly cooked orata (seabream) was saved by scraping off the salt-lick-like coating.  It was also aggravating that one of the servers acted as if our complaint about the salt stemmed from the fact that we did not know "Roman" dishes.  Please!
The service was otherwise attentive and nice, the room pretty.What an absolutely delicious meal!  Popolino follows in Modo Mio's wonderful footprints more closely than Monsu does, with excellent results.
The food was just fabulous.  Tender, juicy, deep fried Zucchini blossoms (a special) started us off on the right foot.
We followed that with another winner, the crispy fried calves' foot pate with a white bean puree.  It came with two large fried slabs, crispy on the outside and delicate on the inside.  We also tried the lamb carpaccio, which came out in a huge, incredibly tasty mound so big we couldn't finish it between the two of us, despite our best efforts.  It had the texture of prosciutto, tender and soft, and I wish I had it in me to eat more of it than I did!
For pasta we had the the fettucini with a meat sauce which I sadly cannot remember any more detail about, but it was incredibly tasty and was quickly devoured.  We paired that with the I-knew-I-was-getting-it-the-second-I-saw-it-on-the-menu tortelloni stuffed with veal sweetbreads in a brown butter sauce.  My god.  I remain immensely sad that only two of those four, plump, perfect fried (I think!) sweetbread dumplings were mine.  Incredibly tasty.
The service at Popolino was every bit as good as at Modo Mio, and that's saying something.  I don't know how McAndrews explains the tone of service to his staff, but there are some other spots in town that could stand to borrow it.  Being there was a delight.
Popolino is cash only, and BYOB.Popolino offers roman peasant-esque fare. 
I've visited for both lunch, brunch, and dinner. Each time I was very happy with my visit.. 
The Tavola calda (room-temp antipasti) is delicious, fresh, and creative. It is available for all 3 meal periods. This is a must try.
The lunch buffet is a steal at $13/pp! When my party of 6 arrived on a Sunday morning around 12:00PM, there was a 0min. wait. WHY? Maybe not enough people are aware of it's glory? Anyways, it didn't bother us any because we got free range of the place. Some of the food items included: 2 x frittatas, 2 different pastas, suckling pig, roasted potatoes, fresh mozz and arugala, a variety of olives, and a fresh made margherita pizza. Everything was delish!
For our dinner there we did the Turista menu in which you get to choose a antipasti, a pasta, a main meat dish, and a dessert. The Canneloni is to die for, the oxtail was scrumptious, and the desserts were good but fairly average. As terrible diners that night, my date and I did not BYOB. It was embarrassing, but they offered us each a glass of their house wine...on the house! I was taken back by their kindness and generosity. I'm sure that wine didn't break the bank, but it was a nice gesture. We also happened to be seated right beside McAndrew's mother and she left us her nice imported Italian pinot grigio when she departed.
Service was great. They were polite, knowledgeable, and accommodating. McAndrew's comes out to check on everyone in the dining room which is also nice.
The venue itself is pleasant. Exposed brick wall, high ceilings, chandeliers, etc. The huge windows that line the restaurant are a nice bonus. There are also some small two-top tables outside for fair weather days. I'll have to admit when I walked in wearing a t-shirt and brightly colored sneakers, I did feel a bit under dressed. Seems like a place where business casual is probably more appropriate. 
Note: It is BYOB! So bring along a bottle of wine! 
Also, they are cash only, so come prepared.Had dinner there tonight, FANTASTIC!  The menu is delicious, everything from the first to last course awesome!  The antipasto, tasty, yummy, lots choices and flavors to chose from.  The pasta selections are plentiful.  First course choices just as plentiful, the grilled shrimp with mozzarella, roasted peppers and fresh herbs, wonderful.  I had the chicken for my main course and it was scrumptious!  Perfectly cooked and wonderfully seasoned.  Fresh herbs accompany most dishes and made a wonderfully fresh presentation and taste!  Can't wait to go back again!!Wonderful!  Thankful to have Peter McAndrews in Philadelphia!  Like ModoMio, Popolino thinks outside the box creating dishes that are exciting, well balanced and near flawlessly executed.  Stand outs last night - frog legs w/ fried gnocci, short rib and sausage ragu, sweetbread pasta and panna cotta.   I rarely eat at a slow pace, but this food requires it.  Each bite brings something new to your palate.  Wonderful!  
I have no complaints, just a few observations:
1. I would not consider this light fare, be aware that the food is rich!
2. Turista menu is a bit more expensive than ModoMio and, in my opinion, you don't get as large a portion as you do at ModoMio (maybe that's due to by first observation).  
3. Our table of 5 was the ONLY table seated in the restaurant (early res) and food came out at a rather slow pace.  I was completely fine with this because none of us were in a hurry and quite enjoyed the leisurely dining experience.  I just wouldn't recommend coming here if you're the impatient type or in a hurry.A new neighborhood fave! Monday night dinner, we didn't have a problem just walking in, but I imagine Popolino packed on the weekend. Lovely open dining room with big windows (slight minus is that light changes dramatically with each traffic light change on 5th).  Popolino owes a lot in style to Modomio, however, i'd say its much more veggie friendly and low key than its sophisticated older sister. This place also features a menu turista a la Modomio so you can taste your way through the menu. I went a la carte, got the Tavola Calda antipasti, and a special primo: crepe with tomato-ey bechamel and fresh veggies. I sincerely hope they place this on the regular menu as it was *delicious!* my brother went for the turista menu: lamb skewer antipasto, chestnut gnocchi, sweetbreads, mascarpone cheesecake. Ridiculously yummy, we'll be back. BYO, cash only -- closest ATM is at silk city, down the block.The food was on par with other Italian places in the city.  I also appreciated the variety and "alternative" items such as the tongue and foot pate.  
However, the service, speed and communication of the staff needs serious help.  Our reservation was for 7:30,  Our order was taken by 7:45 or maybe 7:55 at the latest.  Our first course that we ordered did not arrive at the table until 8:45.  Granted they gave us free apps to hold us over, but that's not what I came there for.  Our 2nd course did not arrive until 9:20 and the 3rd course around 9:50.  Dessert came out around 10:15.  We did not leave the restaurant until 10:45.  I'm pretty sure 3.25 hours is not the experience this establishment was going for and neither were we.  Also, we did not finish most of our 3rd course and asked multiple waiters to pack it up for us.  Well, to add insult to injury, guess who did not walk out with their leftovers.  That's right, they threw them out.  The manager extended a 20% discount for the tardiness, but that's not really enough of a discount for such a slow experience.
With all that said, I love Moda Mio and Monsu and have never had a problem at either of these places the multiple times I have been to them.  
Hopefully Popolina will work out the kinks and get it right for future patrons.  Otherwise, I can't imagine people will return.Tavola calda is a must. Farm fresh ingredients and so many choices. Beets were especially delicious. The vitello was tender and savory. Also recommend the squid ink fra diavolo.  Juicy and just a little spicy pasta in red sauce with tender clams, mussels and sweet shrimp. The grilled pound cake was interesting and delicious. This is authentic Roman cuisine that is superior to many places actually in Rome. 4 stars!I have been a fan of Mr. McAndrews for a while now and was happy to hear that he was opening yet another restaurant (and close to my house too!).  The family and i had dinner there this past Saturday and Popolino did not disappoint.
The antipasti spread was beautiful and the menu had a nice balance of "safe" meals as well as items for the more adventurous.  Between the six of us we got most of the items on the menu and there was not a complaint among us.  Only one of us got the antipasti and honestly, the plate was big enough for a dinner in and of itself.  I personally had the mozzarella to start, followed by clams and spaghetti, then the trout and ended with tiramisu.  Thankfully I had eaten light during the day!  
Since we were a party of six, we were told we had to get the menu tourista - the portions were reasonably sized, but I was a bit surprised at the $40 price tag.  I thought that was a touch steep.  But the food was good. . . 
I loved the slow pacing of the meal.  There was a nice break between courses, which lent itself to drinking more wine and more conversation.  We were not rushed at all.  
The decor was simple and subdued.  Soft grays and white.  The only thing I would change would to be to add some soft surfaces to dampen noise.  
I'm looking forward to a return visit sometime. . .So many good reviews and I agree. Attractive but spare dining room tucked away in a residential neighborhood with an open table of cold appetizers reminded me of many several similar settings I visited in Italy. Great service, great food. Not for small children but, price aside, a great place for your more adventuresome teens to try new things. If you are looking for chicken parm, this is not for you. These are creative renditions of dishes infrequently found here and are loaded with less familiar ingredients. All are delicious.Went there on a Monday night and had one of the best meals ever!The food was outstanding as well as the price!They have a pig roast on Mondays that includes a family style antipasto as well as mussels in white sauce and and a mozzarella appetizer that was spectacular !The pork was so tender and complemented perfectly by sautéd broccoli and potato!The price fixed dinner was perfect and the service was excellent !!!Meal was on the brink of being so salty that it was almost inedible (amatriciana, cacio e pepe, oxtail, tripe). I swear there was also salt in their tiramisu?  I would have told our waiter but he never came back to check to see how things were after he gave us our food. He was simply there to take our order and drop off the food. That's it. Maybe it was a fluke night. Although our first experience there was not the greatest the GM was very friendly (greeting us warmly upon arrival) and tried his best given how busy the restaurant was.So this is the fourth time I have eaten at Popolino, but the first time I've reviewed it.  As I'm from the neighborhood I tried it quite early and then a few more times (maybe once a month or so) because it's so convenient & so delicious.  I noticed some of the reviews here about the saltiness of the food and have to say I agreed...the 2nd & 3rd time I dined it was quite salty.  HOWEVER,  I was curious to see whether they had adjusted the based on the reviews & I'm pleased to report that tonight's meal was absolutely suburb.  Yes, there was salt, but it was not excessive. I believe they have responded to some of the feedback that has been left online.  The experience was more like the first time I ate here which I raved about to my friends for weeks.
We did the menu tourista for the first time (a choosing of one anti-pasta, one primi, one secondi & dessert for $40).  It was fabulous.  The portions were smaller which allowed me to enjoy all of it.  Since I started with the tavola calda (large table full of wonderfully prepared vegetables in the middle of the dining floor) I paced myself and they very happily prepared a to-go dish (it will be my lunch tomorrow and I'm very much looking forward to it).  I also had the oxtail cannelloni, the proscuito wrapped halibut and finished with a white chocolate mouse with dark chocolate dipped biscotti.  
The service has always been impeccable and despite being on the fringe of Northern Liberties the ambiance is quite nice.  If you're lucky Scott will provide some of his home made lemon-cello to complete the meal.
The standard for dining is very high in Philadelphia.  Now that the salt issue has been addressed I believe this BYO deserves to be toward the top of the list.  The menu is unique...you won't find these items anywhere else in Philly.  You may need a reservation on busy nights...tonight they were able to seat us without one (Sunday night)Dear everyone, get here for brunch before another one of my favorite places goes out of business. I'm baffled that this place is nearly empty on Saturdays and Sundays. 
Popolino serves up a lot of good food. And on weekends, you can eat as much of it as you like. For THIRTEEN dollars. Think fritatta, pasta, meats, pizza, antipasti. Choices for vegetarians as well. 
The service here is great. And if all of this hasn't convinced you, it's the same owners as the always raved about Modo Mio. 
Bottom line: a top contender for my favorite brunch spot in Philly.Derek M's review was dead on.  This was a tough decision between a 1 and 2 star rating.  
This was our second time at Popolino.  The first time was for Valentine's Day and we left thinking what a great experience we'd had.  This time was much, much different.  Apparently the management has changed and the experience changed with it.  We went to Popolino to celebrate with family.  We had reservations for 8:30 and almost all of us ordered the Turista menu.  The menu looked good and the ambiance there is very pleasant.  All of our guests arrived by about 8:40 and we ordered around 9pm or so.  The Turista menu includes 4 courses, an appetizer, a pasta dish, a main course and a desert.  Our first course came out and we enjoyed it very much, except for my father-in-law who commented that his pasta was extremely salty.  He brought this to the attention of our server who told us she'd make sure she let the chef know.  My wife wasn't present for this and when she joined us late, she ordered the same pasta for her meal and couldn't even eat half of it because of how salty it was.  
The pasta course took forever to be served and hit the table at around 10:15.  I'm not sensitive to salt and even I thought that most of the dishes were so salty they were hard to eat.  We got through the pasta course and again waited forever for our entrees.  Our entrees were finally served, only to the table next to us who arrived nearly an hour after us.  After the confused looks on their faces, they brought the entrees to our table instead, but only half of the entrees.  The rest of us had to sit and watch.  My entrée was one that was delayed.  I'd ordered the "special" which was the Porchetta.  Our waitress told me that it was so tender it was falling apart.  When it finally arrived, I got the feeling that because they'd forgotten my entrée, they rushed it by microwaving it.  It was very chewy.  She came back and asked how everything was and I explained that mine was awfully tough.  She was nice enough to replace it with another entrée that looked appealing.  That came out in short order as well and was very salty and also microwave-chewy.   
We finally left the restaurant at 11:30, exactly 3 hours after our reservation.  I hate to sound like a complainer and usually have a "well, that was better than cooking at home" mentality when things aren't perfect in a restaurant.  This was, however, a really really bad experience.  After this, I won't be back.I feel this was the third time in the past half-dozen dining excursions that I've been burned by Yelp reviews.  Either I'm having bad luck with unrepresentative off-nights or I need to look for restaurant suggestions elsewhere.  
Popolino was a 2 out of 5 when you consider the entire experience.  It was a 3.5 out of 5 if you only consider the taste of the dishes - ignoring their temperature.  Here are the facts as my party of 4 (who all got the menu turista) saw them:
1.  SLOW service - it was absolutely atrocious.  It was 2 hours before we were served out second course.
2. Cold-to-room temperature food with inconsistent temperature throughout (cool on edges, warm in middle) - hinting at the fact that most of our plates had sat for a period of time before being served.
3.  Dishes brought out at different times - it sucks to have 2 people's dishes brought out one minute and the other 2 people's dishes brought out 5-10 minutes later
4. Several of the dishes were too salty, including the flourless chocolate cake.
5. The Calamari Fritte that everyone has raved about on here was dry.
6.  Waitress was not attentive to the fact that the busboys had taken our forks and not replaced them, etc.
7.  The mussels were a solid appetizer - as were the scallops.
8.  The gnocchi was the highlight for me, being gluten free and very tasty - it was this dish alone that kept me from giving the restaurant a 1 star review.
9.  The veal Saltimbocca ... keyword SALT.
10.  Aside from the saltiness, the chocolate cake was good.
11.  2.5 hours after we walked in, my wife and I walked out $120 poorer and unhappy.  Half of the night was spent talking about what a bad experience it was.  You shouldn't be unhappy with a $120 meal.
12.  Everyone around us appeared to be rather happy so, who knows, maybe it was us - but I don't think so.
13.  I was really excited to try Modo Mio - couldn't get reservations so i tried this place because they had an opening.  The experience was so bad I now question whether to try Modo Mio at all.Excellent food at reasonable prices and friendly staff--including the owner who will advise you what to eat and send out comp amuse bouche! Dishes are also daring and even though the combos might sound odd, trust the chef and eat as is. The lamb is amazing, pasta is perfect, and desserts are expertly prepared. Good for a date--space is small. And don't forget to BYO & leave the extra for the staff!I don't know what may be going on here, but it seems that there is lately a certain influence about Popolino.
Any close reader will note that there are a notable number of reviews that indicate dissatisfaction with this restaurant, particularly with the heavy hand of salt.
Then, immediately following are a series of reviews that seem to address and correct all the previous reviews.  
I love Monsu' - the food and the service.
Popolino had many problems.
Too salty.
Gnocchi that are little more than dough balls,
Pastas poorly prepared..
Absence on the lunch menu of the foods they clain to represent.The food was adequate, though not as good as Modo Mio or Monsu, under the
same auspices.
The $40 four course menu was no bargain. We had been told the portions would
be smaller but they were in some cases much smaller so that a cheaper  three 
course meal would have been preferable.
However, the service was atrocious. We had trouble getting salt and pepper, cheese
or even a dessert  offering. Nobody seemed to care when we complained.
I would not return unless I had clear indication that  these problems were 
resolved.I wish I could give Popolino more than three stars but sadly, I can't. I've eaten there three times and each one was a very different experience.
The first was a great night start to finish. The service was fantastic, the food was delicious and we left happy, full of delicious pasta and a bit tipsy.  The second time, the service was good but the food was almost inedible. They had put so much lemon into the brown butter sauce with the special sweat bread ravioli that I made a sore face with each bite. After saying something to the waiter, he said that it was normal...hmm. I didn't end up eating it and that was that. The third time, the service was spotty. We waited 35 mins to sit down for our reservation. Once we sat, it was chaotic from there on out. The food was very good. The carbonara was top notch! We also enjoyed the mussels in a spicy red sauce and the mozzerella grilled cheese with anchovie butter was awesome. Loved it. 
So basically, I'm right in the middle on this place. I love modo mio. It's one of my favorite spots in the city. I've also enjoyed Monsu and completely love Paesanos! I'm hoping that with time, Popolino will find its groove and move up to 4 stars for me but as of now, it's not there yet.This is a "different" kind of Italian restaurant - meaning - you have to be a little adventurous in your menu choices because this is not your Sunday Gravy - Veal Parmesan kind of place. We went for the "Touristo Menu", meaning 4 items at a total of $40 per person.
Everything we had was delicious, from the veal tongue appetizer (as well as the "differently prepared" fried squid) to the various homemade pastas.  We tried that night's special, the slightly spicy ink-squid pasta with crab as well as the sweetbread-filled tortelloni and both were very very good.
The Skate-wing (fish) was perfectly cooked and served over amazing baked white beans.  The Stuffed Pork Chop was the only slightly disappointing entrée, although it too was good.
Finishing up with a Mascarpone cheese cake and a Panna Cotta and coffee, the bill before tip was around $92.  (Remember - BYO - Cash Only)
Well worth another trip because you build your own menu and the choices are fairly substantial.  All the servers were very friendly and helpful and the noise level typical of a Philadelphia restaurant - loud but not overwhelming.If you've been to Modo Mio and enjoyed yourself, you will not be disappointed with Popolino.
Same top-notch quality.  If you haven't been to Modo Mio, what are you waiting for?
We enjoyed the Turista menu, including the antipasto sampler, mussels, lasagna, tortoloni, bronzino, and lamb.
All very good in their own ways.
The staff is very nice top to bottom.My boyfriend and I first went to Popolino about a week after it opened. It was awful. The food was bland and unremarkable, and the salted caramel dessert thing we ordered was so salty that it was literally inedible. We were sad. We walked out the door certain that the place wouldn't last long.
But it stuck around. And other people seemed to like it. So a few days ago we went back. And it was GREAT! The food was interesting and tasty. We both ordered the turista, and everything that came out was above average. The service was good, and the ambiance was cozy. 
I'm glad we gave the place a second try. We will definitely be going back.Maybe more closer to 3 1/2 stars but I could still sleep fine at night with just 3 stars as well.
Lets just dive right into this one. I'll spare everyone the "heavenly bliss", "swoon by my heart" and "supremely divine" references to the food. I've long accepted that I'll never make Yelp elite status as I do not seem to know the right people. Oh well, moving on.
Crepe encrusted trout; All in all not too bad. Personally, I feel it was lacking in flavor. It seemed to be in a tad bit too much oil. The "crepe" coating was pretty good and I did enjoy it but I just feel it could have had a little more "pop".
Mussels; Probably the best mussels I've ever had. I got them in the white and spicy configuration. I know its poor etiquette to dip your bread in the broth but it was just so damn good, I couldn't help myself.
Tuna steak; The GF had this. It was actually pretty good. Whatever flavors they infused it with certainly worked.
Gnocchi; This was the dish I was most looking forward to. Honestly, it was much too dry. While it did have a good flavor to it the dryness left a bad after taste and left me running for the water glass.
Dessert; We had the mascarpone cheese cake. It was pretty good but it had the consistency of a very thick and solid jello. Most definitely far outside of my top 10 cheesecake experiences.
I would honestly say that I probably wouldn't go back here until a try about a dozen other places that are on my list first but by the time that's done, there'll be another dozen new places to try.Monsu is where you take your wife , Poplino is where you take your foodie mistress.
Everything about this meal made me smile, from the attentive server Scott ( "with two t's" he said when he saw me check in on yelp), to the incredible meal from start to finish.
Please don't be deceived by the shotty corner this restaurant sits on it is one of the best italian meals I've had (outside of Italy). The atmosphere is warm and inviting and though its a small space they do a great job with the seating and tables. 
Be warned its cash only and a BYOB. Im not mad about that because I was told when I made a last minute reservation these were the rules. Our party arrived a few minutes before our reservation and were seated right away. With copious amounts of wine for 5 our server chilled the white and opened the red. The amuse bouche was a small sampling of the amazing things to come. A little slice of tasted bread topped with a chickpea puree and some sun dried tomato,it was delicious. The tourista menu is usually the way to go and the boys in our crew opted for this option. You get your choice of antipasti, small pasta dish,main course and dessert for $40.00. 
Obviously the girls could not eat that large quantity of food so we shared the spicy mussels,broccoli rabe,the chestnut and ricotta gnocchi's,cannelloni and tuna. The mussels came out first and were plump sweet and satisfying. The spicy red sauce was just an added bonus and the addition of the peas made me think i was getting in the 5 food groups.My gnocchi's were a little denser than I'm used to but really good none the less and i would order that dish again. Dessert was the best way to finish the meal, I sampled the chocolate budino and it was just sweet enough. The creamy chocolate pudding like dish was just the right size to share between the ladies. We wrapped up our meals with complimentary lemoncello. I will for sure come back here, its a great place to take a date (hint hint to single peeps out there).Lets just  say I wish there was a zero star option....because hands down this has to be one of the worst restaurants I've been to so far here in Philadelphia. I think what made it worse (other than the nothing to brag about food & obvious cold & boring ambiance) was probably the chef owner himself......WHAT AN A$$£OLE! I'm thinking he got picked on a lot when he was a kid & now feels empowered behind his business to treat other people like crap for no reason at all. I heard he has a couple other restaurants that do pretty well, & that's all fine & good - but I know that people who act that way & treat people as such, ultimately end up failing in the end - just because you have a successful business does not mean you're still not a failure as a person.... So good luck to you Popolino's....What a quaint restaurant! 
My doll and I stumbled across this beaut this past weekend, and boy, were we pleased. We quickly searched the reviews and saw that most people were saying that there was too much salt, but we gave it a shot anyway and it seems they've been listening to their costumers. Our dishes were perfect. There was neither too much or too little. I had the bucatini, and she the cannelloni.
After our little walk around Northern Liberties, the ambiance was quite relaxing, and the staff was most accommodating. Very friendly, very professional.
It seems we've found our favorite little go-to spot after our weekend walks. I can't wait to explore more of the menu!