Pizza dough felt like it was underbaked. The ambiance is really great and looks very warehouse-like. However, on a Saturday night it was too loud to be able to talk to our friends without shouting. My friend ordered a double serving of the pasta and for us Americans it definitely looked like a single scoop of pasta. That's tough when it's $24. The service unfortunately was a little slow, but that may be due to too many people or a specific waiter. Overall, it was good food but not the best for sharing or if you're really hungry.Average actually on the food. 
Starting to enjoy the bar a bit more. 
I have had pizza, meatballs, and calamari.  All were average. Unfortunately within a three block radius all of those items are exceptional at other restaurants.  It is solid ,average good and that is not a bad thing.Staff was nice (gave a extra round of free drink) food was decent But not for a hour and a half wait for food.Great venue, subpar food.
I came here for an impromptu brunch one weekend and was surprised at how big and spacious the venue is. I ordered a carafe of the Bellini which was nice and strong. Searching for something that sounded good to eat for brunch however took a little longer. I ended up getting the frittata and it was pretty flavorless, it only became tolerable after adding every condiment on the table. If I come back I will try the pizza instead.Went here on Saturday night with a group of friends for a 30th birthday dinner. I was so excited that they had Omission (gluten free beer) as an option. Many places haven't picked up on that beer yet. I'm gluten and dairy free so this restaurant wouldn't be my first pick but it was my friend's birthday so I didn't mind. It was definitely a challenge for me to order...I understand it's an Italian style place but come onnn it's 2018. I hope they bring more allergy friendly foods to the menu in the future. Our server, Maria, was a sweet heart and was on top of her game. She made the experience there even better. I'd recommend this place if you can eat gluten and dairy! :-)Pizza was undercooked and soggy. For $18 the meat pizza didn't have too much meat either. The tables were wobbly. The waitress didn't understand that my girlfriend wanted an appetizer for lunch and they served us our food separately which is an honest mistake.Hands-down best Neapolitan pizza in the area! Porta is the best new restaurant in the Midtown Village neighborhood! They have fantastic happy hour specials, great lunch deals and did I mention their pizza is phenomenal? Also! Attention Vegans! They have a really impressive vegan pizza selection. 
To give even more context, I work in Midtown Village and have tried many of the restaurants in the area and one thing that makes Porta even more unique than the rest is its size. It's HUGE! It's fantastic for a large group meeting for dinner, drinks or happy hour. Also the vibe is very trendy, welcoming and warm. They don't have the lowest prices around, but their quality speaks for itself. Also, they now have a DJ that comes on Saturday nights (I think that's the night), but I haven't checked that specific scene out so I can't attest to that. 
Foods I would recommend: Three Trees Salad, Homemade Ricotta, Homemade Mozzarella, Meatball Pizza, ANY of their Vegan pies, and basically anything that has their amazing sauce or meatballs on it!Having been to the Porta in Jersey City many times, I was excited to try out the new Porta that opened in Philly. It truly did not disappoint and I will definitely be back!
I made a dinner reservation for Thursday at 6:15 and I was seated a little early even though the rest of my party had not arrived yet. I was surprised at how many open tables there were for prime dinner hour especially at a restaurant that has a great happy hour menu. For happy hour, the cocktails that are discounted change on a daily basis. Highly recommend the White Door! The drinks were the perfect strength, not too weak but not too strong that I could only have one. 
To start, we had the meatballs (three come per portion) along with the housemade ricotta spread. I have had better ricotta at other restaurants but this one is still delicious. For dinner, we had the Spring Betty pizza even though I am not an asparagus fan (I figured I could pick the asparagus off). Fair warning, if you don't like asparagus, DO NOT get this pizza as it is thinly sliced and covering the whole thing. The two girls I was dining with truly enjoyed it. 
Our waiter, Zach M., was very attentive and even gave us a complimentary Nutella pizza for dessert when he found out we were celebrating a birthday. This was AMAZING and the perfect way to end our meal. 
All in all, I will definitely come back to Porta and would recommend to anyone looking for some good pizza in the city!Great food and an amazing new space. Missing a coat check for such a big space that wants people to dance in the winter. Also if there's a spill, just have one of the many employees clean it instead of putting up a wet floor sign and leaving it there for 2 hours.Went there for lunch with a friend, the food was unimpressive. Afterwards both my friend and I had stomach aches and a bad case of the runs!  I got pasta and salad, my friend got a seafood dish, so it's not like we ordered anything in common that could explain our unfortunate condition...  I will not be returningExcellent. Exquisite in every way possible. The service, the ambiance, THE FOOD!!!! Pure brilliance. If I only had 1 day left to live, I would spend it at Porta. Anyone who says otherwise is an absolute idiot.The very best pizza.  Made to order, thin crust and fresh ingredients a lot of them purchased locally.  This new restaurant (they opened just 3 weeks ago) has an incredible space, 2 floors, high ceilings and a great staff.  Can not recommend highly enough.Aesthetics are so awesome! Come here if you're looking for a trendy spot for a GNO. Food is great. Service is quick. Setting is perfect for cute instas i would say the prices are average. Will def be back and will recommend !Even after returning from two weeks in Northern Italy where I thought I was sick of pizza,  alas, I keep going back to Porta.  They have great happy hour specials for all, which they honor at tables:  I loved the meatball appetizer and margherita pizza, which I use as a barometer at any new pizza joint.  Is the dough crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside?  Yes, I'll take your extra gluten, please and thank you.  Is your sauce smooth, fresh and sweet without too much oregano?  Absolutely.  
I also love how they restored and revived the classic space with the pop of modern design.  I'm curious to attend one of their DJ'd events.This was a truly up & down experience but I guess ya gotta take the good with the bad in  life & at Happy Hour!!! 
So we went for Happy Hour at a pizza centric restaurant & there was no pizza  on the HH menu! There were however a few food & drink specials so we ordered a pizza (but were told no substitutions or additions are allowed so we could not get the vegan sausage on our Margarita pie like we wanted) & then sampled a few apps while we waited. The tbm sliders  were blah, brioche bun 1 little piece of rosted pepper & a decent fresh mozzarella,  the polenta fries were good, fried perfectly, light as air & dusted with parmiggiano but deperately  needed a marinara dipping sauce. The rosé wine was awful, warm, citrusy & served in a hot water glass. The citrus basil cocktail was delicious, absolutely perfect actually! The bar service was good both bartenders were friendly.  The pizza was good, charred edges, fresh basil, tasty marinara & it arrived piping hot. 
It was a rollercoaster of a happy hour but I am glad we checked it out. We aren't in a rush to return but might try it again some day.Went here following the eagles super bowl parade. The pizza was solid. Good amount of toppings. The only downside was the pizza was overcooked and a little burnt. The ambience is good however.Food was great and the drinks are also good!! My friend and I got the arugula pizza and fried calamari to share. I absolutely loved the pizza! It was thin crust and was freshly made. The calamari were good as well! I got the rosy cheeks drink and It was a great summer refreshing drink. Our other friends got pizza and pasta. The pasta portions were a bit on the smaller side but still very good.I came here last night for happy hour and I had a great experience!  First off, the space is awesome.  They've created a really nice balance between providing an open, relaxed space that is good for young people.  There is artful graffiti on the walls and a picnic table concept on the first floor along with 2 bars.  The second floor is a little bit quieter and has more formal tables set up.  
The drink specials were great.  I got a few glasses of their house white which was smooth and great for $5 a glass.  We started off with the ricotta which was delicious.  Super fluffy and light with some olive oil drizzle on it and seasonings.  The bartender was really attentive and quickly noticed we were running low on bread and still had some ricotta left so he ordered us more.  The pizzas were delicious!  We tried the Meatball and the 14 1/2.  Both were fantastic and would definitely eat again.  The 14 1/2 was my favorite because the soppressatta was thinly sliced and perfectly cooked.  Crispy and delicious!  Just a warning - this pizza was pretty spicy so if you don't like spice, I wouldn't recommend.  I would highly recommend if you do!  
Overall, great food and dining experience.  You should go before this place gets discovered.  I will try to enjoy the newness before everyone else finds it!Okay, honestly - I'm so sold. I really can only speak to their overall vibe, atmosphere, and drinks. I'll definitely be back for pizza soon!
This place is deceivingly huge on the inside. It's almost like two different restaurants. Craving candle-lit conversation, Lady & the Tramp checkered tablecloths, and a trendy cocktail? Perfect- Porta seems to boast the perfect hang for such requirements. Desire some cold beer, giant screens, and large group hangs for a Philly sports social? Awesome, come to the side with the large family style picnic tables and make some new friends. 
Honestly, I saw people on a date, I saw people in large groups. I saw families with young kids, couples, singles- young and old. This place truly caters to whatever vibe you're looking for, and who doesn't like wood fired pizza? Like you can watch it being made!
They offer happy hour and brunch. My two favorite things. The brunch menu boasts $10 carafes of bellinis and mimosas, which is basically unheard of, especially in the heart of the city where a single mimosa can cost you upwards of $9. 
Beer prices are about what you'd expect for a nice bar in the heart of downtown - $4 PBR, $5 Bud/Miller/Coors, $6-9 for something more niche. Cocktails are in the $11-12 range, and sound amazing. Nice array of wine, beer, and cocktails to choose from. Bartenders were quick and friendly, and despite it being completely packed and busy, there was never much of a wait or struggle to gain their attention.
I'm so excited about this place! I'm definitely keen to come back. It's casual, fun, cute - and the crust smelled bomb.Edit 
Pretty good food- interesting & a little different.  All of our menu items seemed freshly sourced.  Pretty good service.  It's really loud inside, with a ton of tables, but it was good because they sat us super quickly on a Friday night with no reservation.  I liked that the portion sizes weren't huge- you feel full when you're done but not overstuffed.  Prices are decent.Sat at the bar and had great service. The pizza was fantastic but the rice balls were very bland.  I would go back for the pizza.Margarita pizza, spaghetti and appetizer if mozzarella and bread were so fresh and delicious!I came in by myself to meet my friends. I sat down awaiting everyone to arrive and John the bartender was so helpful and nice as I ordered my drink. He told me the options and laid out his recommendations. I got a delicious drink and I thank John for making the suggestion and also  for being so kind and friendly in the process! Will come back to Porta because of John!I met up with a friend from out of town for some drinks and to try the food. I'm giving 2 stars for the atmosphere and the service. The drink and food was way subpar.
My friend and I both had draft Peroni's which tasted a bit funky like the lines haven't been cleaned in a while. Not good. 
Then we had some starters, bacala fritters which we're downright rancid, it was fried dough with 10% bacala and 90% capers. We each tried one and left the rest. Then we tried the homemade mozzarella and ricotta, both fell flat on flavor. We also had the octopus, not tender or juicy at all, as I was expecting. 
Then the pizza ... as soon as i picked up a slice the mozzarella slid right off :(
Like I said the space is beautiful, so I might go back just to hang at the bar, but definitely getting bottles of beer and maybe give a second shot at some food.Excellent, friendly service & delicious food. Enjoyed the ricotta appetizer and Margherita pizza. We went to the Ritz earlier in the night for a drink and service at Porta was 1000% better. My husband & I are already looking good forward to going back!Great happy hour snacks and drinks.  The meatballs and fried polenta were killer.  Also the happy hour mixed drinks were good.  The service was great.  This place is very large. But also very loud so be forewarned. Overall a great standby if you are in downtown and looking for fun and value.Went here on Sat night. Delicious food. Super cool vibe. Great drink selection. Large space, Vaulted ceilings, Art Deco, reclaimed wood. Best bartenders. Had the Italian Stallion and Carbonara pizza, octopus, ricotta and mozzarella. Loved it all. Highly recommend!! Thanks Dina Scullin for the best service!This place is awesome. The vibes are super cool. They have a Jazz band that plays on saturdays and the entire lay out is very open and a great place to enjoy some delicious food. There food was delicious. The restaurant is very indie inspired and the food has a unique spin. I would highly recommend checking this out especially younger adults!I went to Porta on a Wednesday for happy hour from around 5:45-7:45. I sat with two friends at the bar and experienced some of the worst service I've ever had. There was only a single bartender all evening and he was neglectful from the beginning. I ordered a glass of wine and my friends both had cocktails they were unimpressed with. One didn't ever drink more than half all evening but I'm not surprised that this bartender didn't notice or offer something else. 
We ordered pizza, arancini and broccoli rabe. Unfortunately we couldn't enjoy everything when it first came out because one of the plates was dirty and the bartender had only given us two sets of silverware. We finally got clean plates and more silverware after asking another staff person. 
The arancini came as three balls and I was the lucky one to get the ball disguised as arancini but was really some kind of spicy stuffed pepper. Again, I had to wait for the same earlier staff person to clear our plates so I could tell him and he comped the item. 
Throughout the night both my friend and I asked for a glass of wine. I had to ask the guy who brought clean plates since the bartender never brought me a new glass and my friend just never got hers even though it was on our bill. 
The bartender took off the wine and acknowledged that he just never brought it (acknowledged, did not apologize). 
All in all, this was really terrible service and the food hardly makes up for it. Won't be going back.Meh.  Stopped in for a late lunch.  Only 3 other tables besides me.  Service was lackluster.  The kitchen was incredibly slow.  Three trees salad was good but salty.  Pizza was not memorable in any way.  Cocktail wasn't bad.  Decor was interesting.  It's clear this place is more a part of the Millennial bar scene than a restaurant.  There are far better and more reasonable pizza restaurants in Center City.Great drinks, food, I recommend the octopus salad. I get that and pizza with friends and share it!Phenomenal brick oven thin crust pizza. I had the Arugula, Zolla Jesus, and the Italian stallion: all of which are incredible. The restaurant itself is very hipster, trendy. Very friendly waitstaff and bartenders. At night Porta turns into a club, which isn't my scene, but their drink menu is great! Their brunch menu looks amazing. Highly recommend coming here!I stopped in here on New Year's Eve to grab a drink and bite to eat before heading out and was quite surprised and impressed by this new spot in town. The space is beautifully designed - spacious, open layout with trendy decor. There are two large wood-fire ovens, which churn out delicious thin crust, homemade pizzas. 
The bar is large and waiter informed us that would be having a DJ and dance floor that evening with $20 Prosecco bottles. Happy Hour was advertised as: Mon-Fri from 4-7 with $4 drafts, $5 wine & $6 cocktails. 
Look forward to returning to this place and for there official opening this Friday.Tried this place Saturday afternoon. The place is adorable and the pizza is really good! It had huge pieces of artichoke! We enjoyed ourselves and I am excited to go back for happy hour.Absolutely the best pizza we ever had!!!  I can't say enough good things about the meal!!! We almost at Gyros and stumbled on Porta. Go here. You will not be disappointed!!!I've eaten here twice, drank here once, and used them for a small event!
Holy hell this place is fantastic. First and foremost the team there is enough reason to visit. The first bartender (who's name I can't remember) was EXTREMELY knowledgeable about beer. Like, ALL the beer. He steered me in the direction of great breweries in philly. Luke and Demi were both fantastic. Luke can craft any drink on the planet. Demi was hilarious and Quirky. Finally I worked with Libby the event manger. She was joy and made my event completely seamless. 
They have three bars so there is a location for everyone!
Regarding the food, it was bananas good. The pizza is an easy choice, but they had a cheese/squash dish that was out of this world.
If you're looking for brunch, drinks, dinner, or a place to run an event. Look no further!Very fun spot for sips! Although it's right in Center City, it's on the newer side so I feel like a lot of people may not realize it's there.  This place is a solid joint for a fun dinner night or causal happy hour. The decor of the place is pretty awesome. It is rustic-modern decor meets philly funk..if that is a thing. The front area is brightly lit and then there is another more bar-like atmosphere in the back area. It was surprisingly easy to get drinks that day as the bar was pretty big but I assume they could use more bartenders on the weekends. There is also a seating area upstairs with a full bar that will be opening in the next couple weeks.The next time I visit, I would like to try some of these pizzas people are raving about! Be sure to have your phone juiced up...lot's of fun instragram opps with the cool Philly inspired murals all around the restaurant.PORTA, a unique pizza experience unlike any other.  This place is a true combination of a authentic Neapolitan za (red and white checker table cloths, perfect leopard crust) with a funky hipster flare (graffiti Wearhouse interior) in an old furniture store. 
Pros: Diverse menu with homemade apps that perfectly compliment the za selection,
Enormous wine and beer selection including local craft brews,
Fun music playlist
Cons: Wine served in same glass as table water = boring
Warm beer mugs and small tables
I will definitely be back, you can bet your bottom dollar on that. Looking forward to the brunch. Porta is a fun establishment that the city of Philadelphia needed!
EAT, DRINK, and HAVE FUN
#pizzasavesLooks great on the outside but if your late night dining out they stop seating for dinner after nine? Are you kidding me? Like who does this. Now keep in mind I noticed multiple tables available empty but they rather seat me and my wife at the bar? Real classy. I guess we weren't hipster enough for this place? Whatever the reason I just don't get it I've never been to a bar/resturaunt that stopped seating people after a certin time it just dosen't make sense. Do yourself a favor and take your business else where.Not bad, but I expected a bit more based off of what I heard. The pizza and calamari were decent, but it was a generally underwhelming experience. The service was mediocre and when we ordered a tomato appetizer, some of the tomatoes on the plate were borderline rotten. Overall Porta is far from the worst place I've been to, as the pizza was very satisfactory and the aesthetic was pleasing. However, there is nothing here that would make me come back and there are many better Italian restaurants in Philly.I think a more accurate score would be 3.5 stars. I'd say the ambiance is better than the actual food. The space is great with seating and two bars downstairs as well as additional seating and a third bar upstairs. We ordered the octopus, the 14 1/2 pizza, and the braised pork pasta dish. Our favorite was the pasta, but the octopus and pizza were just alright. For the price, I was expecting the food to be better. The atmosphere was laid back for a Friday night, but it seems like the space has the potential to get more energetic as their is a ton of room. If I came back it would definitely be for drinks, not good. Definitely a cool spot to meet up with some friends for drinks before going out.I was looking forward to going here since I'm familiar with their Asbury location. Unfortunately our experience in Philly was super disappointing. The restaurant itself is GORGEOUS. Our server was friendly and apologized for keeping us waiting. We ordered two pizzas (Rita+Mark and Carbonara) which took forever to come out. Our server finally stopped by after 40 minutes to let us know our food would arrive shortly (it didn't). After checking the timestamps on texts I sent on my phone from when we got sat...our two pizzas took just over an hour to get to us. A table behind us that was sat after we ordered got their food before we did.
My partner liked her vegan pie but I doubt I'd order the carbonara ever again. Definitely looked better than it tasted and left a lot to be desired. I would expect with such a high reputation that a manager would have at least stopped by after we were kept waiting an hour. Would like to say we'd come back but won't be rushing to. Do better, Porta.My boyfriend and I stumbled on this place for dinner on New Years Eve as something simple since we live a block and a half away. Being NYE, we were shocked by the size of the space (seeing as how they merged two lots rather than splitting it) and how empty it was. You don't have to be an architect (but, I am) to see that the formal dining room had stunning architectural details and huge skylights only to be ruined by the strange, tacky graffiti on the walls below and badly mismatched furnishings (see: picnic blankets on tables). As far as ambiance goes, it'll definitely leave you with something to talk about over your meal. We ordered a margherita pizza and a 14 1/2. Both were fine. Being in the center of Philadelphia, there are tons of good pizza choices. This fell into the category of forgettable. Now, I really wanted to love the pizza: the beautiful, concrete-cast ovens were said to be custom made from Italy; the owner touted the ingredients as imported from Italy; even the damn pizza was "certified" Italian for God's sake. It's all on the menu for you to read. Wine came in true European size in glass cups rather than glasses too. Go figure. I'm picky about my pizza because I eat a lot of it, so it's not the way to win me over. There was a flyer on the table promoting their brunch that was offering 10$ mimosa carafes. So I tried that next a few weeks later with a girlfriend.
Do the doors to brunch usually open at 11AM on a Saturday? We were the first ones coming into a completely empty restaurant. Since they covered up the windows with wood doors used as "decoration", its tough to tell if there are people inside or not. To my surprise, on one wall, the graffiti got worse, and on the wall behind the bar, they painted over grey. The picnic blankets managed to survive too. The brand new, Italian-made, concrete-cast ovens are already cracking around the corners. For brunch, we ordered a mimosa carafe to start since, both being from Texas, they'll give you a full bottle of champagne and orange juice for $12 at Kirby Lane in Austin. I was ecstatic to find a deal similar in Philadelphia. To my disappointment, the mimosa "carafe" is really just enough for two people (in the same European-sized glass cups). If you're expecting a simple breakfast like my girlfriend wanted, don't come here. If it's not on the menu, they're not going to make it for you. She asked if they could make her two eggs and some toast and they said no. Not because they didn't have the ingredients. They just weren't confident enough in themselves to make it, apparently. The reasons are still lost on us. She ended up having to get a margherita pizza with one egg on top...I stuck with Eggs in Purgatory. Wait time for an empty restaurant: 40 minutes. By the end of our meal, there were four tables seated. Took another 20 minutes to flag our waiter down to get our check. So if you're looking at a place that is nice to look at (8'-0" and above), come here. It's as beautiful during the day as it is at night. If you're looking to eat, just take a peek inside and walk out the door.
There are so many better places in Philadelphia. It's really a shame that this one is starting out so absolutely dismal. I really wanted to love it. I wanted to find another go-to place with good food and service and drinks close by where I could take friends or for simple dates. Seeing as how brutal Philadelphia can be for turnover in restaurants (even for notable chefs), I don't think this place will last.This place was great. The waiter Marco was the man. Great music were able to seat 10 people not all at once. Great unpretentious spot in center cityThe food here is pretty good. Decent pizza, arancini, etc. We really enjoy their tap wine as well. The service is always good, too.
The poor rating relates to the atmosphere and how they handle Center City Sips. The restaurant definitely attracts a younger crowd. It's really nice inside and very big, with two bars, two levels of seating, communal tables, etc. - all good. But the crowds are pretty big so it gets really loud. If you want to have a conversation with a friend or partner, it could be difficult depending on when you go. One week we decided to go for Sips because the menu looked really great. The place was packed, and of course since the only place they would let you order from the Sips menu is at the bar, everyone was crowded around it trying to get a spot when one opened up. It was brutal. The bar spots weren't turning over either, and there were some huge groups already sitting at the bar (from 5pm on, so getting there early won't help), just so they could order from the Sips menu even though they couldn't really fit or talk to one another easily. My husband waited by one bar and I waited by another... for over an hour! Not a spot to be had, and by that time we were starving and wanted some snacks. We finally gave up and got seated at communal table. Of course then we had to pay full price for everything, defeating the purpose of going out for Sips in the first place. There's no reason they can't offer Sips at both bars and at the communal and outside tables; it makes no sense. Everyone around us was complaining about the same thing as well.
Bottom line: Avoid this place like the plague during happy hour and Sips.Late night pizza? I'll take it! This was a great find at 12 am on a Friday night...A bar that makes you really good take out pizza. I love it. Can't wait to go back.I visited Porta on a weekday night.  The space is unique, both cozy and intimate yet spacious and modern. There wasn't much of a crowd, just a few people at the bar. They have a dj on weekends so I'm sure the atmosphere is much different depending on when you visit. The food is a kicked up version of normal pizzeria options. 
There is a lot to choose from... obviously pizzas which are categorized by vegan, vegetarian or meat.  They also have pasta and entree offerings and salads and appetizers.  The house made mozzarella was a huge portion and very good.  I also tried the fried polenta.  Not bad but not mind blowing.  The vegan "Robert Plant" pizza was yummy. I took the leftovers home and cold vegan pizza is good the next morning :) 
I wish they sold the pizza by the slice I would have loved to try more than one flavor. I think it would be a good place for large parties to order multiple things to share and sample. 
Overall a cool place to try if you are looking for a casual date night or dinner with friends.My first visit to Porta in Center City was disappointing. I was excited to go to happy hour and I ordered one of the happy hour cocktails. Let's just say, it definitely was not what I asked for and I could not drink it. I sat at the front bar and I'm not sure if the bartender was new, but he was extremely slow and appeared unfamiliar with the bar. Customers had to wait a long time for their checks. He had another person working with him, but this person was only providing water or beer to customers. The counter was never wiped down. I ordered the margherita pizza which was a nice portion size but the sauce lacked flavor (it was flat). Not sure if I'm willing to give it another try.Popped in to Porta for their happy hour. Tried The Hound cocktail on special...delicious! Had to try their housemade mozzarella and housemade meatballs. The mozzarella is very flavorful. Meatballs and the marinara sauce...out of this world. Mopped up the rest of the sauce with the bread. SO good. Really chill vibe. Staff was prompt and friendly. Should definitely check them out.This place is huge, in a great way! There are essentially three different restaurants in here:
a) a chill backyard vibe complete with string lights and a picnic like set up.
b) the well light hangout space upstairs with an awesome bar.
c) the quieter dimly lit downstairs area where the oven action is.
Food is delicious, drink list is extensive and compliments the food well. Can't wait to come back.Oh my is this place good. We had a wonderful time here. We just walked by and thought we should give it a try. Thank god we did. It was amazing . We shared three different pasta's and a pizza. The pasta was cooked perfectly. The different sauce were impressive. We ended up wiping each bowl clean. Our waitress "Sara" could  not be better. She was attentive and helpful . She gave good advice about what to have was spot on. She was great. The restaurant was cool looking and had a good crowd. There was a good mix of people. We really had a good time and will be back.I needed a place to go for hh. I knew the following day was going to be a spanking so location had to be close for early hay hitting. Bc I'm a HUGE people pleaser and selflessly put my needs aside, I was looking for an ITALIAN place at my co-patron's request. I needed to find a place that would mouth fuck me with pizza and fancy cocktails (credit: Dr. O'Brien). 
Porta was new I guess and kinda trendy bc Michelle was just here a few days ago. Also italian and also just a stone's throw away from our place. The last stipulation I mentioned remained to be determined. 
We first walked in and as it turns out you can only partake in HH if you're sitting at the bar but the bar was pretty full. GASSSSPPP!!! But luckily there's another bar in the next room that's a 360 type shit. 
The good:
-ambiance is cool I guess 
-there were some pink flowers in front of our face
-they have daily specials which is legit, wednesday is CHEESE PLATE DAY!!! Will keep in mind but stay tuned for reasons why I might be apprehensive...
-Monday (our day of patronization) is $5 marg pizza alll day errrday (but just on mondays) 
-every cocktail is on special which is dope isntead of just one at some other places that probably sucks
-they have some interesting cocktails, I went with "white door" which has skyy grapefruit vodka, peach liqueur, white wine, orange juice, and prosecco. How dope does that sound? It tasted pretty good also. 
-beers are $4 during hh but they only have 2 choices (yuengling and miller lite)
-ricotta dip: smooth and lumpy at the same time but very smooth, very very smooth. Delicious. Spreads like smooth ricotta dip should. The dimensions/aerodynamics of a fork did not allow me to adequately scoop up remainders from the bowl and this place unfortunately does not provide enough bread slices to eat all of this delicious goodness
-winter betty pizza: goat cheese, thyme, garlic, and brussels sprout shavings was spectacular. It was very minimalist, they were definitely skimping on the ingredients and the crust was so thin it was hard to eat without shit falling all over the place. The flavor was absolutely delicious though, I highly recommend eating this bad boy.
The bad:
-the wait was absurd. It took us a while to even get happy hour menus then it took a while for the drinks to come. It then, as I'm sure comes as a surprise, took a while for the ricotta to come out.
-THEN, it took such a ridiculous amount of time for the pizza to come out that even if I wanted to order more stuff (which I did) I didn't feel like fucking sitting there all night waiting another 45 min for my next order come out. 
Ultimately this place would've squeezed out a few more orders and dolla bills from me had they provided the food in a reasonable amount of time. If they can get that shit together, this place would be dope.Amazing food. Atmosphere is artsy but causal and romantic. Had the Italian Stallion Pizza, Lasagne, Spaghetti and House Made Meatballs. Waitress was a great help explaining the menu. Would definitely go again.The Philadelphia Porta has recently opened and my friend in Jersey City has been raving about the JC location for months. I jumped at the chance to try out the local branch. Being from North Jersey, I can appreciate good pizza and this place has all that and more. My friend and I wanted to try as much as possible! We started with the house white and red wines, respectively, and the house-made mozzarella. We were living our best lives from then on out. We split the "14 1/2" pizza (which had a nice kick to it) and the seasonal risotto (which was a fantastic herb-lemon dish. To finish off the Italian meal we each got gelato affogato - which is gelato with either espresso or a cordial poured over. Our waiter was having fun with us trying to forgive out what the best liquor pairings would be with our gelatos. My friend got fior de latte gelato with raspicello and I got bittersweet chocolate gelato with amaretto. All in all, I can't wait to go back with more friends! There seems to be a great mix of dining and bar space. A DJ was setting up in another room as we were leaving. There are also weekend brunch options. No matter the time of day, Porta seems like it'll be the right choice.Great ambiance and decor! Food was good but the service was absolutely terrible. We waited 45 minutes for our appetizers that ended up coming out with our entrees. We saw our server twice. We were never offered more drinks, never offered dessert, never asked how our food was. Our server dropped the check and never came back to to get it. After 15 minutes we flagged down another server asking if she would mind taking it. She seemed very annoyed that we had such a request. 
We ordered a bunch of different food. There were 3 of us and we wanted to try everything. The portions are very small. We ordered a pasta dish and they give you the option of ordering a single or double portion. We ordered the double and when it came out, it was very small. The 3 of us got 2-3 bites of the pasta dish before it was gone. Very small. I'm assuming the single portion of pasta comes out in a shot glass?
All in all, I would give this place another try because the food was acceptable. Hopefully we get better customer service next time.Giving 4 stars because our server was awful . Took her 20 minutes to take our drink orders and she had an attitude . The runner was rude and almost burned me with the pizza . Food was great ! Love the octopus and rice balls . We got the calamari and they didn't bring the marinara ... that also took 20 Minutes . For Pizza we got a margarita and a carbanora , they were delicious But the service needs to be a little quicker and the server could have been a little nicerCame here for a work lunch and it was perfect for a quick business meal. Lots of options so it was great for everyone. I was a little disappointed with the size of my meatball sandwich- it was smaller than I expected so I left hungry; that said, the food was delicious and the ambiance is very nicely.Loved the space. Great place to grab some cocktails, pizza and some other things to pick on. Will definitely go back!The space is beautiful.  The food is not very good.  I would only order the pizza and avoid all the rest.After the eagles parade my family and I walked here. We got a table and watched the rest of the parade on the big screen. We ordered some pizzas.. the margarita, marinara, 14 1/2 and meatball All So delicious!! I hope they keep the jumbo screens up for future games. Great place to hang with friends and family!Porta is amazing in every aspect. Food, service, mix of outdoor seating and indoor seating. Live music and DJ every Friday and Saturday night. If you haven't been then you are missing out. Go now. NOW.Pretentious and Underwhelming
The ambiance in an old center city building and recently remodeled furniture showroom is different. Very inner city grunge with mock graffiti on the wall. Two huge Pizza ovens dominate the view coming into the restaurant, promising that the Pizza craft is alive and well. The hostess is very young and unsmiling. She directs us to a dark area of the carvenous restaurant totally devoid of patrons and populated only by long tables and uncomfortable benches. We ask to be seated elsewhere and she does so grudgingly. 
The next episodes all blend together. A server comes, brings tepid tap water, delivers a menu with weird and purpotedly "trendy"Pizza toppings, I for one sees nothing I would like to eat and ask if I could have a siimple Margeherita BUT with anchovies added. The answer is a definite NO. "We dont allow substitutions or additions". Achovies??? Oh dear!!
We both order a Carbonara explained as being a white Pizza with and egg in the middle. That seemed the least "out there". After 20 minutes....we got a Parmesan melt with an egg in the middle and...inedible it was so crusted and salty. We left both of them barely touched...the server asked if we enjoyed them...and we said no. She said "sorry" and then proceeded to produce the check!
In a city full of generations of Italian immigrants and a history of excellent cuisine...This Pizza fantasy flies into the face of convention. That would be OK were the food they served at least edible.Good pizza and salad,really nice bartender, just nothing that really stood out as excellent. A good stop to try some pie and see for yourself!I kept walking by this new spot and added it to my Philly Bucket List--so glad I did! Got the chance to visit last night during happy hour with a friend and we sat outside to start. Our server was lovely, and was very proactive about getting us inside before the storm hit. The outdoor seating is a bit loud so close to traffic, but actually might not be as loud as the indoor seating area. The restaurant is super cool and a lot bigger on the inside than you'd expect. We got a couple of happy hour small plates to share: my friend got the meatball slider and the polenta. He enjoyed the slider but neither of us were too crazy about the polenta. I got the fried mozzarella and the Many Thanks slider. Both were delicious, especially the fired mozzarella. I got a full glass of rosé for $5 which I think is a great price. I will be back!Came here for happy hour on a Friday around 6pm. The place is HUGE.
Happy Hour drink specials are available at the tables, but food is not. The housemade mozzarella was so good, we ordered two helpings. We also split a sausage pizza. Fried calamari was small and forgettable. The red door sangria was really the star of the show. It gets loud, but the energy is good. Despite being busy, our waitress was attentive and friendly.My margarita pizza was pretty good. My date got the carbonara which he said was good too! The decor was so interesting--with graffiti on one wall and then doors looking like from Monster's Inc on one wall... it was overall a pleasant experience! The server was really kind, and it was not too crowded. It is a nice date spot--not sure I'll be back, but it was cool to try out a nice place in Philly!Was in town for a mini vacation. Service was top notch food and drinks were on point. Will stop in again next time I'm in town. The menu is full of wood fired pizzas that are a hit. Gotta try each one. When in philly stop on in you won't be disappointedMy boyfriend and I came here for the grand opening and it was packed. Not terribly disappointing but also not terribly great. 
The service aspect of it was impeccable, especially for opening night when they had a full house. Our server was pretty quick and we never waited long for anything. We ordered the mozzarella and meatballs as our starters, and both arrived pretty quickly. The margarita pizza, while delicious, was a little flimsy with a thin crust. It was good but the pizza kinda pulled apart whenever we picked it up and the cheese kept stretching apart. 
For dessert, we got the pistachio and dark chocolate gelato, both of which were delicious. There wasn't a physical dessert menu which I wished they had, the waiter just read off what was available and we had to ask her to repeat herself to make a decision. There was also no purely chocolate dessert like tiramisu, you can only order sorbet or gelato.
The only thing is that I thought the water glasses were way too small. They provide glass bottles of water for you to refill but we quickly ran out based on how small our glasses are. I also thought that the menu wasn't very creative. I get that it's supposed to be an Italian concept but there are a ton of Italian places in Philadelphia and there's nothing significant about the menu offerings. 
Decor and ambiance are fine, I didnt know how to feel about the doors on the walls but I guess we will see. Overall, the place is huge and is ideal for small and large parties.Came here for brunch. It was empty.  Had to remind our waiter multiple times for things.  Didn't get half of the drinks we ordered.  My friend didn't get his food until everyone was done eating.  Food is good but not worth the terrible service.Very tasty, great service! Stopped in for a quick bite. The waitress was very helpful and even gave us ideas of other places to visit in the city.I came here with a group of friends last weekend. The space is very large and great for a large party. Our waiter was great - very friendly and provided excellent service. The drinks were decent but nothing special. We had the acorn squash and Cavolo Nero salad for apps and they were both great. Sadly, the pizza was disappointing. There are so many better pizza options in this area that outshine Porta. The crust was not as crispy or thin as I would have liked and a little too heavy on the sauce.Porta is a nice relaxing pizzeria in Philadelphia. It has a nice atmosphere for catching up and hanging out with friends. I did not go but they seem to have a nice bar adjacent to the restaurant. I order the carbonara, which was great and it tasted more like a breakfast pizza. It had guanciale, parmigiano, and other ingredients like a roasted egg.It was light and not too saucy or heavy . 
One critique would be the price to quantity of the pizza. Although I feel the quality of the pizza is good, I do not rationalize the price. The pizza cost about $16 without tip or tax. I had one of their pizza but still felt I could eat another pizza. Granted, a person can purchase two pizza at Domino's for the same price  but the quality is there. Also, I ate an "okay" amount of food. The portion size may be good for a typical customer. 
I plan to come here again with my friends and try another type of pizza or different type of dish. 
Overall: 4 (Rounded)
Food: 4
Service: 3
Price: 2.5
Atmosphere: 4My new favorite pizza place. Love it here. Really thin crust. Freshly baked in really hot oven! Closest to  Venice style pizza I've found so far. Although I haven't tried Wood pizza yet which promises to be just as good.Writing this review for both restaurant and night club. To begin, Ill start with my most recent experience at Porta which was just last night to celebrate my friends birthday at this "night club". First of all, the place is massive, and due to this, security and management must think they should pack the place to its utmost capacity. The place is a madhouse - you can't move, drunk twenty somethings are stepping all over you with no regard to the concept of personal space and don't even get me started on the 20+ minute line for the restrooms... 
To top it all off, my phone was stolen right out of my purse. Cherry on top of a very chaotic night. Needless to say I will NEVER return here for a night out unless I am looking to get pick pocketed or pee my pants.
Now on to the food. I've eaten here 2 or 3 times for dinner and the pizza is fine. I prefer probably any other pizza in Philly that is Neapolitan style (Nomad, Vetri, Zavino, etc). Porta's isn't anything particularly special for the price. I did come for brunch once with my boyfriend and it seemed like we were the only 2 in the restaurant at noon on a Saturday which I thought was odd. I then asked the server if they could make a modification to the menu to order scrambled eggs instead of over easy, which apparently was not possible. First time in my life I ever heard a restaurant not allow you to order eggs the style you prefer. Because there was nothing else on the menu that looked appealing and the fact that we were creeped out being the only people in the restaurant, we left without ordering anything.
In summary, do yourself a favor and skip out on Porta. There are many other bars and restaurants in Philly deserving of your business that are both enjoyable, delicious, and you won't have to risk getting pick pocketed.
Thank you, next.My girlfriend and I came here spontaneously, with no real background information, one night for dinner and we were pleasantly surprised! My girlfriend has heard some good things but I had no idea what this restaurant was known for or how the food was. 
When we first walked in, I was instantly in love with the decor. The graffiti on the walls and unique decor around the room was eye catching. Next they really played on the fact that they are a family style restaurant, with long tables that can sit one big group or multiple small groups. 
Finally, on to the food. We were recommended the house made ricotta and it is by far the best thing we had that night. It was smooth and creamy, and so good that I could eat it all with just a spoon. We also ordered the crossroads pizza and gnocchi. The pizza was pretty good but the gnocchi was little too heavy for me. It was a great place for a spontaneous walk in dinner and I would be happy to come back to try other items on the menu.so we had plans to visit porta for happy hour.  i was the first one to arrive so i told the host what we planned to do and she mentioned happy hour is only at the bar.  after that, i guided myself to one of the bars and decided to get comfy.  when the rest of my party arrived, the host somehow sat them at a table? saying it also offers happy hour? i was confused... i closed out and joined the rest of the crew.. when we began to order, they allowed us to order happy hour drinks but not the snacks??? it was just one confusion after another.
putting that aside, i ordered their "red door" cocktail which was tasty like a red sangria.  i began to forget things after i took couple more sips. lol
anyway, so be careful if you are stopping by for HH specials vs food.  the place is pretty busy for happy hour.  i ordered house wine at the bar to chillax and i was oddly annoyed that they served the house wine in a water cup? if that's your pet peeve too, maybe think twice about happy hr here lolThis place is awesome. Stopped by Saturday for a some dinner and a few drinks. Got two seats at the bar (very comfy bar stools). Had a few great mixed drinks and a meatball pizza. Definitely check this place out- breaking the mold of philly bar/restaurants with a huge wide open space! I'll be back.Love me some Sweet Betty (I think that's what it's called). Not a fan of whole tomatoes, but on this pizza, it's sooooooo good!  Had it while buzzed, and came back another time to try it sober just to see if it was the booze that made it so memorable.  Yeah definitely not the booze!  Never tried their NJ locations, but philly one is totally on point.  Bartenders here really are a million times nicer and helpful than the wait staff, not sure what the deal there is, but definitely would come back just to grab pizza with bar service!Happened in on a Sunday looking for a great atmosphere and a drink. I was not disappointed in Porta. There was a dj playing great music, a funky chill vibe and a great menu. 
I ordered a carafe of house red which was good and the price was great and an appetizer. I throughly enjoyed both.Came here for dinner with my SO and we had a wonderful time. The space inside is so much larger than what I expected from standing outside. We had made a reservation (they do take them within 7 days of the date) and were swiftly seated upstairs in the (somewhat) fancier dining area than the first floor. We were originally going to order the 14 1/2 (spicy sopressata) pizza but the special of the day (a white pizza with pears & proscuitto) swayed us. It was absolutely fabulous! If you ever go and they offer that, I highly recommend ordering it. As Neapolitan style pizza goes, this may be my favorite in the city. It's similar to Nomad Roman but with a chewier outer crust. We also ordered the Pan-Roasted Day Boat Octopus which comes with 3 tentacles, potato wedges and a light salad. This was also delicious. It doesn't taste like anything from the sea, just a very chewy texture. The potatoes were a little undercooked but everything else was so good that it didn't even matter. Drinks wise, highly recommend the Old Blue - I'm usually not a bourbon fan but this had such a wonderful flavor that masked it enough but also wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. The White Door was ok, just overpowered by the white wine so it didn't taste like a cocktail, just wine with some fruit flavor added in.