I have to give this restaurant 3 stars unfortunately even though I reall appreciated the ambiance and customer service. 
Atmosphere: Great location, clean facilities and cute decor. Wasn't too loud as well so it was quite enjoyable. 
Customer service: A+! Waiters were attentive and were helpful in giving suggestions for what to eat and specials. 
Food: The dishes were underwhelming. I had a pasta and crab cake appetizer and my friend had the salmon and the food is quite salty and dry. Drinks were good though!
3 stars and would not recommend for a meal but would recommend for drinks!I went here for drinks, not dinner, so I can't comment on the food.  The atmosphere was pretty laid back though, and the peach wine was decently good.  It seems like a good place to grab a drink with a group,Waited 15 minutes for server to greet the table, 40 minutes for a Diet Coke and 70 minutes for food.  No apology whatsoever.Amazing food, incredibly decorated restaurant! We came for brunch, and they have bottomless mimosas and a DJ playing a really good mix of music. Franco was our waiter, and he's awesome! Very hospitable. I will definitely be back! I hear in the warmer months they open up all the windows for a nice breeze and added ambience!I came here for the first time for a friends bridal shower. We sat outside on a hot day, but we had a good breeze coming along our way so we were good. Our waiter was very friendly and came to check on us pretty often. I got their Bloody Mary and it was extremely alcoholic for me to finish (I guess it's a good thing that they're not cheap with their alcohol). I also got their mushroom risotto and it was absolutely delicious. My friend got their chicken parm, and it was HUGEEE and delicious. I would come back here again.Service was lackluster, food was fresh and prompt, the $12 mixed drinks from the bar were horrible - overall will not returnWonderful food. Refreshing tastes on the menu. When you are sick of the same old. Want a touch of daring to go with some simple tapas. We enjoyed the food and the beautiful decor. Our service was also very good. I have never been a fan of close, two tops together. So intimacy is not achieved for guests on a busy night indoors. But the outside seating for the summer looks nice. 
It is located on the cobblestone in Old City with a pretty view when outside.I went to Positano Coast for the first time last night for a friend's birthday dinner.  It was very busy, but since our group of six had a reservation, we were seated promptly.  The restaurant was larger than I thought and extremely loud.  I felt like I had to shout to be heard by the people at my own table.
I didn't have an appetizer, but others in my party did and enjoyed them.  I ordered the seafood risotto.  My meal came out several minutes after the others.  This was the best part of my experience - provided of course, that it was done purposely.  I know that sounds counter intuitive, but it really isn't.  Risotto can't wait.  It must be served immediately.  The fact that my meal was delivered last means that the kitchen staff timed the meals so that my risotto wouldn't have to wait.  I was very impressed by that. Again, provided that it was done purposely.  The risotto had a very nice flavor and the seafood wasn't overcooked.  To my taste, the rice didn't have a chance to cook long enough (or the risotto wasn't stirred long enough) to allow the starch to thicken the broth.  This made it quite good, but not exceptional.
For dessert, I had the vanilla creme brulee.  It was good, but, again, not exceptional.
I found the portions for both the risotto and creme brulee undersized which also made them less than exceptional.
If I was with a group who really wanted to eat there, I would go back.  However, I wouldn't see out Positano Coast.Just went for apps, that were great! The deck seating is great too. My only concern is that we went at sunset, and the sun was BLINDING on the deck. maybe some elegant white translucent curtains over parts of the deck would be nice. otherwise, the food and service was great. we only had 30-ish minutes and the waiters were prompt and put our orders ahead so we wouldn't miss our movie (aww, what sweethearts!!). we ordered a fresh stuffed mozzarella cheese dish and it was to die for. I've never had cheese that was so delicate, but flavorful. Also, the beet and arugula salad was deliciously dressed. I'd recommend this place to anyone with a love of real Italian foods.Came here with friends for appetizers and drinks.  We ordered the mushroom arancini, Peruvian scallops, meat and cheese plate, and burrata cheese.  Every single dish was amazingly delicious.  The low sofas and tables lended a nice atmosphere and our waiter (Nick) was awesome.  Highly recommend!Had a great dinner with friends last night at this excellent restaurant. It's hard for me to select a favorite restaurant in Philadelphia because there is so many good ones.  But I have to say that for consistency in good dining at a reasonable price Positano Coast is a top favorite of mine. The four of us ordered five appetizers all of which were excellently done. My friends hadn't been at this restaurant for a while and were pleasantly surprised. Two entrées plus additional small plates filled out the eating plan for the evening. The wine was good, service was outstanding and unobtrusive.  The weather was good enough to sit out on their deck and we were able to enjoy a lovely evening without being rushed.  The restaurant has a strong menu.  A few years ago I visited Positano Italy for a week. The food last night together with the ambiance made me feel like going back soon.It may sound weird... but the restaurant is a very relaxing place the eat.  With so many places trying to be chic, I felt like the simplicity of the decor (white, blue, pics of the ocean) was perfect.  As for the food, it was tasty, well-seasoned, smaller portions (but enough), yet pricey. At the end of the night I was very satisfied and will definitely go back.The atmosphere is so relaxing. Definitely ask to be seated in the lounge it's very intimate and nice for good drinks and conversation with dear friends! In warm weather they open all of the windows and it feels like you are sitting on the patio of a nice villa. The lighting is low, curtains and beautiful fabrics adorn the windows, and the couches are comfortable and inviting. There are huge illuminated photographs of Mediterranean scenes - which look more like Santorini or Mykonos than anywhere I've seen on the Amalfi... Which is a bit confusing, but if you suspend reality for a bit and just accept the decor it becomes a magical place! 
The menu is pretty good - however, bear in mind that this is a "small plate" / Italian inspired tapas restaurant. The crudo changes daily and is always fresh. The bison carpaccio is beautiful and tender. The grilled tiger prawns are out of this world. And the grilled octopus is outstanding! The wine menu is pretty good and if you get the right server he / she will let you sample as many wines as you want! Go with good friends and get caught up over wine, small plates, and great seafood!I don't know what happened to this place but you can hardly call yourself an "Italian" restaurant when you have no pasta on the menu.  I have been here once before but it's been a while now & I remember loving the cannelloni & Caesar salad I had.  I went back today on a Sunday to get the same thing...boy was I disappointed.  They have a DJ playing club music during the day entirely too loud.  Tons of loud 20 something's drinking and screaming in the dining room at other tables.  A "brunch" menu with regular brunch type items you would get at any restaurant & ZERO Italian food.  I ended up ordering off the "restaurant week" menu as that was the only place that had all of 1 pasta dish which wasn't very good...won't be back.Drinks here are always good.  Just had the steak which was requested med rare.  It was so chewy and full of tendons that I could only have a few bites.  Usually this place is great but the others at my table had the same issue.  On the plus side they make a great old fashioned at the bar.Top notch service, food and atmosphere!
The Lamberti family have gone out of their way to create one of Philly's best dining experiences.
Great place for a first date, anniversary or just a night out.
Try the Osso Bucco.Had not been to this restaurant in at least 20 years, back when it was Lamberti's.  Apparently same owners now.
We had a very early dinner at 5:30.  Our server was quite attentive until it got busier.  He carefully checked on GF ingredients for me and even stopped me from tasting a friend's chicken, telling me it had breading, which was so light I couldn't see it.
I had the beet salad with gorgonzola [needs to have more cheese mixed throughout.  What there was was at the bottom and gummy] and the octopus, which was excellent.  Perfectly cooked and minimally chewy.  They offer wine by the glass in 5 or 9 oz. sizes.
On leaving, with the restaurant full, I noticed that the bar area is VERY noisy.
I would definitely come again.I went for drinks and an early Saturday dinner.  Two of us were seated quickly, the wine helpings were generous and reasonably priced, and the service was friendly. 
The variety and quality of all of the food choices was amazing.  We had soup, potato croquettes, a cheese plate, and some sort of yummy meat ball.  There is something to satisfy every palate!I recently held an event at Positano Coast and everything was fabulous. Everyone who I worked with leading up to the day was beyond helpful and addressed all of my questions and concerns. The day of went seamlessly and everything the restaurant had promised was just as they had said. Everyone had a fabulous time and I was able to sit back and relax and enjoy the special day. Special thanks to Carolina and Rositta for all of their help and attention.Do not go here. We just left this place; the service was awful and the waiter was incredibly rude. We waited 20 minutes for a cappuccino, then the waiter told us he forgot about it. We asked for separate checks to makes things easier; the waiter completely disregarded the request, then told us that there was a limit on the number of credit cards we could use to pay for the single check he gave us. After we had paid the check, he immediately told us we had to get up because they needed the table for an incoming party. The food is also incredibly mediocre. I could go anywhere else in the city and get the same level of food and enjoy better service.Ventured here for a young friend's 21st birthday. I've passed this place numerous times, and it was on my list of places to try. 
The decor itself was stunning, you really felt as if you were outside of the United States. We sat in the lounge area the entire time, right near the bar. All of the food we were going to eat was pre-picked, and waiters brought out numerous sampler dishes throughout the night. Some of the samplers were: crispy focaccia (roasted zuchinni, ricotta, mozzarella, truffle oil),  warm bread and oil, fish tacos, meatballs, gnocchi in a Gorgonzola sauce, salad, etc. 
Everything was delicious. The focaccia was my favorite (truffle oil!!). 
Along with the food, I ordered two bottles of their 2008 Antinori 'Santa Cristina' Sangiovese wine. Split the two bottles between myself and two others. It was a delicious enough wine to order twice. 
While there, I heard they have great lemon drop martinis and shots, so in celebration of a 21st, myself and a few others enjoyed a lemon drop shot. I don't take shots often, but this was delicious, especially the fresh lemon covered in sugar.
I can't wait to recommend to others, and return another time.I want to fly across the country just to have the sea urchin pasta again.  Fresh crab, squid ink pasta, and that uni broth.  Mmmmmmm.
A group of us sat down to dinner.  This restaurant fills up quickly, and it stays busy until closing time.  There appears to be an area that can be secluded for private dining also.  
All of their specialty cocktails sounded great, but I stuck with a glass of Prosecco.  I ordered the bison carpaccio to start and the sea urchin pasta.  I'll admit it, I have an uni obsession.
The lights were dimmed and someone came around to light the candles on the table.  When our server brought my carpaccio, I was really excited.  The carpaccio was beautifully wrapped around some red onion, but there wasn't really enough sauce on the plate.  The dish was a little bland.
The sea urchin pasta, on the other hand, was so flavorful and was the perfect portion size.  I finished the bowl, but I wasn't crazy full and the meal wasn't super heavy.  I hope I make it back to Philly sometime soon.
See pictures.I'd always seen this place from across the street whenever I would dine at Zahav, but it wasn't until we decided to host a friend's birthday dinner here that I finally got to try it! And I was not disappointed. First off, the place is huge! Perfect for large parties and gatherings. There were about 15 of us at the table, and the waitress was more than willing to help us split the orders and bill in half to make it easier/expedite the process. We shared the oysters, fregola salad, calamari and mussels to start, and I ordered the zucchini crabcake for myself. It was humongous and easily the best crabcake I have ever had. HIGHLY suggest it! Unfortunately I wasn't able to stay too late, but I hear the dancing at night gets wild too :)Slightly older crowd. I only hung out at the bar, where there wasn't a whole lot of places to sit. The outdoor space was not finished, but I imagine in the summer if will be awesome with lots of tables and maybe an outdoor bar. Drinks are a bit pricey, and the crowd is older-professional.3-Food, 3-Ambiance/Cocktails, 4-Service. 
Let's start with the positive. On a friend's recommendation, I came with a mixed group of friends and business associates. Our waiter was polite, attentive and amiable. He checked on us frequently, offered water and drinks on the regular. 
At my server's suggestion, I ordered the "Sea Urchin Pasta" ($21). I was intrigued by the black ink fettuccine pasta with crab meat. It was flavorful but I could have done without the large pieces of sliced garlic. 
Perhaps, I've been spoiled by my Italian exBF cooking skills and was appalled by their attempt to pass "mozzarella breading" as stuffed fried calamari ($12). The menu said they were stuffed with spinach and some type of sauce. The calamari was rather anemic in size and mostly breading. I was too tired and hungry to make a complaint. I also ordered a Caesar Salad ($9) with decent portion of chicken and nice, crisp green lettuce. 
Now, the redeeming quality of the restaurant is its unique decor. The fact it's in a second story provides an escape from the hustle and crowd in Old City. If I were to go back, I'd return with someone I was romantically involved with. It'd be nice to sit on white comfy couch and have a full on make-out session as other patrons (unimpressed with their calamari) stare at us with envy. In their defense, it was 11 pm and we were the only diners in the place. The other two couples were drinking and on the verge of baby-making. 
Bottom line: I'd return for cocktails. It is a good place to bring friends and catchup over a glass of wine.This is a grate place, you have to sit in the back and open the windows in the spring. I love this place for the great atmosphere and good food.  I would put it on the higher end of the price scale but its worth it.I was super impressed by this place. I am not even a fan of Italian food. I like this place because everything tastes fresh and is really really tasty. I can't wait to go backI'm giving it three stars for food (fine but unmemorable, and skip the crepes for sure).  It's at least four for drinks -- don't be fooled by the unfortunate choice of font for the sign, it's very fabulous and very Mediterranean once you get upstairs.  Nice outdoor seating in Philly without having to watch, inches from the curb, as drivers pick their nose while they speed by!  Don't underestimate it.Came here with the GF for restaurant week. Beautiful space on the 2nd floor - during the summer months it must be gorgeous with the open air. Very Grecian vibe.
The hostess was a bit off-putting but not necessarily unfriendly. Just aloof. Brought us to a table that was in the midst of 3 other packed tables when the entire restaurant seemed open at the time we were being seated. Eventually the manager came over when she saw that we were unnecessarily crammed and got us a nice 4 top table with a bit more room to breath. Very much appreciated - 5 stars for noticing that.
Unfortunately perhaps it was due to RW - but the meal was a bit lackluster. 
I'm keeping the 3 stars rather than going lower due to the availability of Kumamoto oysters - nyom nyom - so deliciously plump. Had to grab 4 of those for myself (the GF doesn't like to partake in things with questionable texture). 
Fritto misto consisted of zucchini fritters, potato croquettes, and calamari with accompanying marinara. It was decently and crisply fried - unfortunately it was not well-seasoned if at all. So ... it tasted bland. The GF was in love with the potato croquettes which had a touch of sourness in the middle (possibly potatoes mixed with sour cream before fried). 
The GF had the ceasar salad ... which was exactly that - a ceasar salad. Came with hard crostini. Nothing special. I had the tuna tartare ... came with a few (3) tortilla chips which weren't great. Slices of avocado were on the side and not amidst the tuna .. the tuna was chopped finely and was decent. Not well seasoned (keep in mind I am absolute not a salt fiend).
For our mains, the GF had the mushroom risotto - it was well cooked - very cheesy and good. I had the uni squid ink pasta. The PROs of the pasta - it was cooked al dente - had good lumps of crab meat. CONs? The uni was off-putting ... was dark and had a rubbery texture - made me think it was canned or something. The texture of cold, congealed cheese? Not the delicious buttery uni I have at sushi joints for sure. It was certainly a plentiful dish however. 
Dessert ended with the same offering for both of us - small square of decent tiramisu and a cute, petite creme brulee that was way too egg-y. 
For drinks, we tried the Sanchez and some other drink that won the Flower Show 2012 award (had a strawberry puree). Both drinks had a pepper rim. I also tried the Rum Diary, which had some coconut, but was more of a fruity drink than a creamy one which is what I was expecting. All three were quite strong - so good on them.
Not enough to make us ecstatic about dinner however. 
We may be back to try the regular menu but wasn't too impressed with this night.I went for my birthday with my family. The food was delicious. The portions were a little small as expected. The service however was fantastic. We went on a Monday night and it wasn't crowded at all. The environment is also nice and it is conveniently located next to the ritz movie theater.I go to this place for one reason!  Lemon Drop Martini!  Hello there my friend I've missed you so much.  I swear there is a drug in them cus I'm always feeling mighty frisky when I leave.  Maybe its the hot servers?  Seriously.  They are all male, tall, dark and handsome.  
The ambiance is very nice.  I love the color blue! 
Food is okay but I have only tried apps from Happy Hour menu so can't really be too judgmental.  
Again Lemon Drop Martini!!We had a GREAT time. Our server Nick was the best and every single thing we ordered was amazing. We had the burrito salad, the branzino fillet, the whole fish striped bass and the spicy calamari. Wow! I was blown away. Totally worth it.You can't beat sitting on the second floor with an open view of the gobble stone streets.  On a nice day or night have a seat outdoors while sipping a glass of red wine.
What I love to drink here is the lemon drop martini.  Wonderful amount of alcohol and lemon.  Reasonable priced cocktails, the gnocchi were delicious.Went here with friends this past weekend. The food was good, the service ok. For the price you would expect it to be slightly better. The atmosphere is beautiful though and perfect for a summer night - if you close your eyes it feels like you're somewhere in the Mediterranean. However, what was extremely disappointing was the fact that when you look the restaurant up on Yelp and look at the menu, the prices vary significantly from the actual prices on the menu at the restaurant. For instance, the seafood risotto is  $15 but we were charged $20 at the restaurant. Same with the Zucchini crab cake - $18 on yelp menu and we were charged $22. This definitely needs to be fixed as it is extremely misleading for customers.Started off with the sea scallops (2 large scallops with shaved Brussels sprouts and a delicious sauce). Then I had the special (Halibut with bok Choy) and also ordered a side of seafood risotto. Finished the meal with a vanilla bean creme brûlée and a decaf. Food was to die for and worth every penny!Nice dinner out on the deck. Note, inside is a bit loud, so ask to be seated out on the deck for a better dinner atmosphere.  The starters and appetizers taste great, but think ahead portion-wise if you are also going to order entrees -- we ate way too muchI came here for lunch one day and was blown away by the ambiance of the restaurant. I ordered a Caesar salad which was excellent and the Cappelini Positano which was Cappelini with Crab Meat. It was perfectly light and I didn't leave feeling like a blimp. 
My friend ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo which was better than any Fettuccine I had ever tasted. It was the most phenomenal dish ever and I cant wait to go back and have it again. The pasta was fresh and the sauce was heavenly. I am not one to EVER order Alfredo but I would definitely suggest it here. 
I highly recommend this restaurant.Ordered drinks from one bartender at the island bar multiple times. Later in the night asked a different bartender for water 5 times. Received no response each tIme the guy would say ok then go to a different person. Finally pointed to a cup and a bottle to do it myself. Horrible service.Love this place!  The food, drinks and ambiance are great.  I feel like I'm on vacation here!  It's off the beaten track of old city, so not quite as crazy as 2nd and Market/Chestnut.  The staff is very friendly, helpful and prompt.  I had the beat salad and salmon.  My client had another type of fish (sea bass maybe?  I forget) and the spinach salad.  All were excellent.  I've been here before and always been happy.  Prices aren't too bad either.Came here during happy hour, and found I was surrounded by groups of fancy women in their forties, one buff bartender, and then there was me, a teacher in her twenties sporting an elementary school's neon green t-shirt. Immediately I felt out of place as I watched these ladies flirt with the bartender. 
Ambiance is out of place as well. You can tell they are trying to go for a European or Mediterranean coastal feel, but it came out really tacky. I'm sure this place was classy or something years ago, but everything just felt outdated.
Their scallops are good, though slightly overpriced. We also ordered some random appetizers, but given the decor and and ambiance, we just quickly ate our food and left. I probably will not be returning anytime soon... maybe when I'm 40 and can fit in with the crowd.Went there to celebrate a birthday and I would say it was quite a 'Happy' Birthday :) Hadn't planned on going there, just stumbled upon the place, and have no regrets. 
We had spicy crispy calamari with goat cheese,- amazing, perfectly cooked and crispy. There are several ways you could go wrong with Calamari and this was done perfectly.
Got Seafood rissoto and sea-urchin pasta and it was also amazing. Got the sea-urchin pasta coz had never had sea urchin before, and it was a pretty good experience.
Overall , as the stars make it obvious, Amazing.I used to come here every month. It's a place I love but always forget about since its farther from the other restaurants Im in love with. The quality is amazing and it leaves you wondering why the food pairings haven't been realized somewhere else. 
This review is for my restaurant week experience, however. I haven't been here in a while and saw that they were listed on restaurant week! Yay! I was so excited, I was going to order three (one for my boyfriend and myself and one to share and take home if we didn't finish)...thank goodness we didn't. The quality for restaurant week was disgusting. I was so turned off by the server and the service that I just wanted to leave.
When I came in on time for my reservation, I asked to sit in the lounge area. At this time, I saw a guy stop my server and whisper something not to nice to her. Fun enough, he was our server...who seemed pissed we were seated so late. He rushed us for a drink order, though i had questions. I  was asking my boyfriend if I should get the "sanchez" and the server butted in and said, "the sanchez? Ok! And for you sir?" ....blah. whatever, how can alcohol go wrong, right? Well, it did. I didn't like it at all. The server never checked on it and I left it alone on the side of the table. I later order a wine and still didn't touch my drink after the initial sip and I was trying to make it obvious that the drink was a no-go...but the server still didn't seem to care that I didn't like my drink. Our first course was served but I didn't really care for the cold, fried food. But my boyfriend enjoyed cold calamari....until the server cleared it before it was done. I order my favorite dish, the Sea Urchin Pasta....and I regretted it. It wasn't as good as before. My boyfriend's branzino was lacking flavor also. Disappointing!!! Creme Brulee was good. Tiramisu could be better...
I won't give this place a bad score because it was generally amazing for me, but the service really hurt my experience during restaurant week. I'll be back when restaurant week is over. Just as I said for my Fogo review, maybe it was just restaurant week!Hey Positano. Scootch up close...
...closer...
...closer... 
*Smack*
Don't make me salt my pasta. 
I hate to get all aggressive, but salt; it is a necessity in Mediterranean cuisine. Don't try to give me Mediterranean-Italian-Seafoody food without putting salt in your dang dish. 
One of my dining compadres had to salt his french fries.
And we had to get up and flag down our waiter to get a salt shaker. 
Co-worker's chicken salad had dry and chewy chicken. 
My Positano pasta (crab meat with tomatoes, pasta, olive oil and --apparently-- no salt) was bland to the point of giving me no inspiration to eat it until I added salt (I'm going to keep going on about that, aren't I?). After that, the crab meat was tasty but the pasta was still slightly overcooked (past the point of al dente). 
The server was nice, but service/attention was slow and minimal. I had to ask for a warm-up on my coffee (no biggie and not knocking off any stars, but it's a mark of service).I bring customers here on a regular basis when I'm in Philly.  It could only be better if it were BYO.  Not cheap, but not overpriced.  Best restaurant in the neighborhood.Decent upscale Mediterranean bar food at a great location in Old City across the Ritz Five. Perfect for a pre- or post-movie drinks. I don't think of it as a standalone restaurant.On Sunday, I went to positano for my bday. It has now been the third time coming here. The food and service go hand in hand phenomenal. I went with a group of five. We ordered the tacos,sea urchent pasta the risotto, the grilled artichokes, octopus and the oysters. We all shared so we can try a little variety. I would recommend all of those dishes that we tried. My friend said the house sauce for the oysters was great, I like my oysters straight up with out anything. To each their own.
The service was on point. I ended up leaving something behind and the restaurant held it for me. My bday cake was the drunken tiramisu. I'm hoping to go back again for my 30th bday next year. The manager was very helpful in retrieving my list item, and our waiter was attentive. Great place for authentic seafood and Italian style dishes. Definitely a place to dress somewhat fancy.Outstanding service for a huge group of us. The most attentive, helpful staff I have ever seen. Seriously delightful experience. My food was yummy and the presentation of all the meals was beautiful. Excellent experience.This place is generally pretty good. Very nice atmosphere, friendly staff, good food. I was a little disappointed with my "farro" salad, though....it definitely was not farro; it was barley, and it was missing the cherries. They were also out of various wines and liquors on a Friday afternoon...not good. The food was a little pricey for what we got, but this is a pretty decent spot that I'll return to. It's really nice in the summer and at night.This place always confuses me when I come here on a Friday or Saturday night- is it a bar? a club?  a restaurant/lounge? They have a mix of all these elements, as there is a bar, a DJ spinning in the background (and a few folks on the dance floor) and and a back area with tables for eating.
I guess I am used to places that know what they are-bar/restaurant or just a club. A mix of all 3 is overwhelming.Went here for my friend's 40th birthday. Dinner and service were good. We had a large party and it was a busy night but the wait staff did a very good job. My main and only complaint was the bar where the "dance floor" is. We stayed to dance and have a couple drinks after dinner and several people of our party needed to return their drinks throughout the night. There was no alcohol what so ever in them! It was pretty annoying that we are paying top dollar (3 shots w/ tip - roughly $50) and have it taste like straight orange juice. I would expect an establishment like this to not "skimp" out on key ingredients. Multiple times!After leaving South St and walking towards Market St we saw this place by accident. Since we weren't ready to call it a night yet and the music sounded pretty good we went up the stairs to check it out. I loved that there was no cover or a hassle to get in. The DJ was great and played all types of music but mainly Latin which worked for me.
The bartenders were pretty busy and not very friendly but hey they made good drinks so what else can I ask for.
I'm so happy we stumble on this place by accident since we had an amazing time.Great artisan drinks. Nice happy hour specials. Amazing entrees. Did I mention you feel like you're on the coast in Italy while dining here? The atmosphere is very fitting. Perfect spot for a special occasion or a place for happy hour during the week!I recently came to this restaurant with my family , actually on the Fourth of July.. Food was very good and fresh! Everyone in my group loved the food! The bread was fresh The pasta was cooked right , and the sauces and everything in them complimented them well. The bolognese tasted like my Italian nonna's sauce. My brother and I both got the large grilled mixed seafood. Again, everything was cooked to perfection and beyond fresh. Some appetizers we shared were the grilled octopus, burrata , and a few crab claws. They couldn't have gotten much better.  My fathers veal wrapped in prosciutto was also great. The only reason this place isn't getting 5 stars is because of the service, which was a little slow. It looked like there was one waitress working and maybe the manager , who was helping serve tables and wait on people. The waitress was very nice and accommodating to us , but again just slow. Not her fault though because she was basically waiting the whole restaurant.. To finish the meal off , we got the creme brûlée and the chocolate mousse cake. It was the perfect dessert to end the great meal. Everyone left satisfied and in agreement that we would come back. Thanks for the overall exceptional experience.This place NEEDS SOMETHING- like maybe a change in management?  The place is gorgeous.  I'm the perpetual optimist and keep coming back because the place looks so good...and I SO enjoy a great atmosphere...but that's kind of like going to an art gallery for dinner.  I've finally learned not to go there anymore after a recent big family dinner (I picked the place...HOPING it would be good THIS TIME...)  The place is always impressive in terms of decor, but nothing else goes along with it (except for the prices).  I have had better service (seriously) at the Midtown Diner.  The food is overpriced for the tiny portions, and the menu is just weird.  Everything is all over the place on the menu.  I will tell you if you still want to go, that you can get by inexpensively by ordering the sides (Risotto for $8 that really was good).  I really want to go back because I like being there, but I don't enjoy eating there.  :-(Top to bottom glass windows, a calming cerrulean blue everywhere accented by a summery white exterior, and lemons that float ontop glass vases with crystal clear water. In the beginning, I almost stuffed myself on soft yet chewy bread with an olive oil garnered with jasmine. 
Positano is where I found myself on a heavenly double date. They offer crudo: basically an Italian type sushi and the black bass was smokey, smooth, and maaarvelous. I cannot rave enough about the lobster (which wasn't hard to pry out of it's shell - no tacky plastic bibs or awkward cruncher plier type deals here)! It was paired with a truffle sauce. While I inhaled my meal in like 10 minutes, I also gulped this pesca fresca (peach vodka and basil leaf drink on ice) that defined the essence of refreshing.
Then for the finale was a light, sweet vanilla cherry gelato. The restaurant loses one star because the cherries were dried out and gross, along with its small portions and big prices (50 dollars: poof!!!). But otherwise the restaurant and bar was an extraordinary pick.What a gorgeous restaurant & what a perfect place for summer dining & wining.  While I may never have been to the Almafi Coast, the vibe & decor of Positano Coast certainly resurrected those happy memories & feelings I had from my time in the Balearic Islands of the Mediterranean.
We were here for dinner, not drinks but I really cannot wait to return & sip the evening away in the Sopra Lounge, decorated with comfy couches & billowing white curtains.  
When ordering food here, keep in mind the portions are smallish.  Not quite tapas small, but if you're dining with even a small handful of people I'd certainly recommend getting a couple extra main dishes than there are people at the table.
All in all my dinner was delicious.  I started with a simple salad which was topped with a very tangy and tasty dressing, which set it out in my memory.  I went on with crisp parmesan veal.  The veal may not have been the best I've ever had but it was far from bad.  However, it was served perfectly crispy with some very delicious marinara sauce & filled with gooey parmesan & mozzarella.  I sided my meal with the house baked potato puree which was very good.  It was perfectly seasoned & had just the right amount of garlic taste to it.
I was starting to feel a little full at this point, but not full enough to turn down dessert.  I ordered a rice pudding which was served as fried balls covered with brown sugar & garnished with some fruit.  So good, but very rich & filling, even between two people we were just barely able to finish it all!
Service here was good, northing to complain or rave about.
As much as I can't wait to return simply for drinks in the Sopra Lounge, I'd definitely return for dinner as well.
If you're looking for an exotic but relaxed vibe to either drink or dine, I think Positano Coast is one of your best options in Philadelphia.Had dinner here with 20 family members recently.  We were in off the main dining area which made for a private event.  The bread and olive oil and Mediterranean style ordourves were a tasty prelude to dinner.  Everyone enjoyed their various chicken, salmon and steak meals which were hot when served.  The wait staff were attentive and cheerful throughout the evening.Walked in without a reservation. They were able to seat us in a few minutes [1 star]
The decor was very "different". They had male and female white clothing hung up on the wall. Honestly, it gave me a sort of eerie vibe! The walls were painted with blue and white giving it a a cheery tone. So the entire restaurant gave out a combo of creepy and bright!
The dinner menu was pretty short and concise. It was difficult to even understand the types of pasta. Since the menu was not very interesting, nothing appetized us but we just ordered random dishes hoping it would turn out good! The waitress took forever to take our order. It looked like they were understaffed as the same person was waiting a very large party of people besides the other tables. 
The complimentary bread arrived a while after we were seated. It was so hard to chew.
The food arrived almost an hour and 15 min late. We had to ask what was taking so long. The waitress herself did not know what was the hold up. It was all disconnected. The SPICY CALAMARI arrived in a bed of arugula and goat cheese. It got soggy within minutes. Ended up leaving majority of the dish. The "spiciness" was just a bunch of jalapenos in the bottom which was probably contributing to the immediate sogginess. Meh.
Pasta dishes: TAGLIATELLE and OREICCIHETTE were a large enough quantity. We had requested the Tagliatelle to be made with alfredo sauce. It arrived in a very watered down sauce- almost like a soupy consistency. The Oreicchiette had broccoli rabe and ground fennel sausage. It was fairly good! [1 star]
Overall, we left still hungry. Definitely will not return especially in the busy evenings. Maybe brunch would be better. Poor service. Unsatisfied total experience.I have eaten lunch here three times, twice last year and once this December. They have excellent food and I have not been disappointed. We have had our holiday lunch for work there two years in a row. The service was definitely better the first time....there was no one at the bar the most recent time I went. The lounge area is very cozy and inviting, but I'd like to go back in the summer at night sometime to get the full experience.The steak here was amazing! The setting is very relaxing I love the candles and beachy vibe. Blue and white. Definately will come back.Went last Saturday night. Ordered several Appetizers and cocktails. Both were very good. Service was great. The bill was about $144 including tip which isn't bad for a few cocktails and great food for 2. My complaint is - don't valet your car with the company the restaurant hired directly in front of the entrance. I paid 22 plus a tip and when my car was returned to me I didn't see the huge scratch on the back of my car because I didn't know I needed to do a walk through before I drove away. It's a disgrace that the valet didn't tell me the damage that he caused to my vehicle. There's no way he didn't see or feel the damage occurring. When I called the restaurant first thing Sunday morning they told me they are not responsible and the valet company is- Royal Park Valet. The valet company is saying they are not responsible since I drove away without inspecting. I'm sorry but I'm not in the business of scamming valet services.Really good happy hour. Although the menu and website say different, apparently they are  open on Monday. The space is a little outdated and needs some updating or repair. Nice attentive staff and great food.High-quality, amazingly delicious food-it is heaven in your mouth. My husband and I have been eating here for years. It's our favorite restaurant in the city. We love the ambience and the service.Came here for dinner on a beautiful spring day. The windows were open and there was a nice breeze. It was during happy hour so some of the small dishes were half-off. Started off with the prosciutto wrapped melon and then got the gorgonzola gnocchi for my entree. Everything was spectacular and the service was quick and courteous. This would definitely be on my list of "impressive places to bring friends from out of town" which is a big compliment.It was my first time coming here.  We came for dinner to celebrate my friends birthday.  First impressions was that this place has a one of a kind decor and atmosphere.  Seated on the cobble stone sections of Olde City and Society Hill this place comes across as though your in the heart of an Italian city that overlooks the coast.  The colors and open air bar design is sure to be a hit for impressing anyone.
Everyone at my table order a different dish for dinner but unfortunately I can only write about my own.  I ordered the New York Steak Bolognese($19).  First I need to address that I have never been a fan of expensive small portioned plates and this steak was just that.  I was a little shocked because after observing what size of everyone's dish I noticed that mine, being one of the more expensive dishes, was the smallest.  Portion size set aside, the steak was cooked perfect, the bolognese sauce was very smooth and complemented the steak well.  It was hard to pace myself from my usually routine of devouring my food, but if it wasn't for my request for more bread I probably would of left this place hungry.  The next time around I will order something else for the sheer reason that quantity is better than quality for me.
The service was average.  Our waitress wasn't as attentive as most, but the guys who filled our water or cleared the dishes jumped right on any request we needed when the waiter wasn't around.
This place gets 3 stars for now because I have had slightly better when it comes to portion size and prices.  Yet, I am still a fan.Wonderful atmosphere followed by delicious food(some of the best rack of lamb i've ever had). The downside was the wait as they were very busy that Saturday night, however the staff was nice and tried to be as accomodating as possible. Will be returning.I really like this place. Their lemon signature drink is super yummy. I don't normally drink specailty cocktails. It is super pretty and open. When the weather is nice, I love going here. I have eaten aps a few times there. Tried different things. It was all good. Love the atmosphereOne of my favorite restaurants. Great, unique menu and absolutely beautiful place. Nice bar and lounge area if you just want drinks.Came across this place on a quick google search for bottomless mimosas for Saturday brunch to celebrate a friends birthday. I gave them a call on a Thursday to see if I could reserve a table for 6 for noon that Saturday. Who ever answered the phone was so helpful and energetic, and they even sent a confirmation email to confirm reservation time. We ended up arriving a half hour early before our reservation and they were completely accommodating in getting us a table and even we're able to set us up on the outside deck which was lovely. The atmosphere was awesome- felt like I was transferred to the beach! All in all before we even ordered I was impressed. The real kicker came when we were introduced to our waiter Nicky. He was phenomenal!!! So fun and helpful- answered all our questions, quick with orders and kept our bottomless mimosas filled for three hours straight. Took our group picture for us and brought our friend a birthday dessert on the house. Will 100% be back and would love to have Nicky again as our server. Awesome experience and food was delicious and reasonably priced.Came here on a Friday for HH, which starts 5:30 and goes till about 7:30.  You can order from the HH menu at the bar or in the back patio area.  Lemon drop martinis are $5 and are yummy sweet refreshing!  There's also a selection of HH items by the piece to munch on including oysters, lamb, potato croquettes and sausage sliders.  They were all delicious!  Also tried the spicy crabcake on the regular menu, which wasn't much spicy at all to me but was huge and had large chunks of crab meat and not much filler.  It sat on top a deconstructed clam chowder sauce of potatos, veggies and 2 large clams.  One of the, if not the best crab cake I've had.
I've tried several desserts here on a previous visit with several girlfriends.  All were quite good... my favs were the tiramisu and this fried rice pudding balls.  Mushroom and asparagus risotto is also very good.
Food is on the pricy side but I wouldn't mind coming back again to try some more dishes.We stopped here a year ago for a quick snack before a movie.  It was pretty good.  Yesterday my family and I came here for a small birthday lunch.  The food was mediocre, at best.  The waiter seemed confused and unsure of his duties.  We got beer in old-fashioned glasses, not beer glasses.  We will not be eating here again.  Much better restaurants in Philly than this one.The restaurant as others have noted is beautiful!!  the food at brunch on mother's day was over=priced and a mixed bag.  Some items like the artichoke salad were excellent but my husband's grilled octopus was flavorless and my FIL lamb chops were undercooked. I would probably not go back.Last night, we wandered down to Positano Coast for the first of Old City's Thursday night happy hour promotion. I've never been here and was very pleasantly suprised to find a very adult crowd (30s-40s), a wonderfully breezy open-air vibe, and great bar service. We enjoyed some of the $3 wine (nothing special, but OK) and suprisingly good cocktail special "The Bomber", which was a mix of vodka, apples, and St. Germain, at $4. Food standouts were the deep-fried poached egg with roasted asparagus and the zuchinni flatbread at $4 each. Couldn't help but thinking what a great date spot this would be.I'm a fan of the ambiance and the service, but the food was nothing extraordinary and disappointingly overpriced for the portions you receive.
We ordered a couple specials and appetizers, including the bison carpacio which was good. 
I had the cioppino as my entree. Honestly, I was disappointed---It was primarily a  dish of mussels, and a few teeny tiny baby clams, and lots of potato dumpling, ie. gnocchi. Not a trace of shrimp, squid, or other seafood variety. Looking back at the menu description, it includes only "seppia, clams, and mussels"---just know that you'll primarily get mussels, so opt for the mussel appetizer dish instead. 
My friends had the ahi tuna and the sea urchin pasta, which were apparently good. Portions are small. 
Desserts: the chocolate mousse cake is very good! and the risotto dessert was interesting---essentially fried rice pudding balls. 
I may give it another try, given the amazing ambiance. But that cioppino dish was highly disappointing.3 stars for food. Had the octopus starter, crab cake entree,  sea urchin pasta, and tirimisu. The star dishes were the crab cake and tirimisu. But all the food was a bit under seasoned for our taste. I wish there was enough sea urchin in my pasta dish. I only tasted it in the first couple of bites. The octopus needed some salt and pepper to bring out it's natural flavor. Presentation of the dishes were all nice. Portions were on the small side so I would never think to come here hungry or on a budget. Service was adequate bit not excellent.
5 stars for setting and atmosphere. Beautiful, Mediterranean themed venue. 
I would frequent it more often for an appetizer and cocktail if the prices were 75% less.I've rode past this restaurant on many occasions, and from the outside, it appeared to have a nice ambiance. I finally made the time to dine as it was restaurant week. The dishes were at a discounted rate, so what better time to try them out. So as expected, the decor was nice and everyone was personable and friendly. The meal overall was just mediocre. We got mussels and hummus as an appetizer. The hummus was great, but the mussels were underwhelming with flavor and to top it off, they came out cold. They sent us another batch and they tasted much better. For our entrees we had mahi and cioponni. It was okay, but again it wasn't great or infused with a lot of flavor. I'm glad I went for restaurant week and not just a regular night. Hope this is helpful for someone!Had lunch here. Thought pretty good variety of Italian seafoods and very tasty. Serving staff was attentive. Price high but par for areaHere for drinks a few weeks back. It was packed, but I love it. Or maybe that was the prosecco talking.I really like the setting and the decor - it's very welcoming.  The service is friendly and efficient.  The food is decent with many selections.  My table ordered several appetizers (the favorite being the foccacia).  The bread and olive oil was delicious.  My lunch was incredibly bland....beautiful, but no umph.  It was in need of some salt.  I don't like a  lot of salt in my dish, but I do like to taste my meal (a little dab will do ya).  Overall, a pleasant, solid 3-star experience.I have to say - my opinion has changed! After having a less than stellar experience during restaurant week (and yelping about it),I decided to give it a second chance. I had the NY strip steak this time and I have to say that the meat was delicious and cooked very well. The server that we had was very nice and incredibly friendly! Definitely try it out if youre in the area, it was a good call the second time around.