The first time we went it was very good. Trip two not so much. They were out of what we wanted, what we got was not so awesome, and the drink selection is limited (according to the waiter, purposely). We asked for it to go and have not gone back.I got a to-go order here while staying at a nearby hotel with my husband and toddler (hence why we did to-go). My daughter ate most of her pork belly mac and cheese, which is quite a compliment from her! My butternut squash cavatelli was really good, and the sage broccoli was freakin awesome. My husband had the Ron Burgundy, which tasted really good but was very messy and hard to eat. The celery root mash just tasted like fantastically done mashed potatoes, I'm not sure what I expected in terms of flavor, but in case you're curious. All in all a really good meal. Although we didn't eat in, I did go in to pick up the food and the atmosphere was very cool.After coming here once before and having a pretty good experience, I returned again on Sunday evening with my boyfriend.  Thank goodness we had a Groupon deal because our meal would have been way too overpriced for what it was.  
Drinks:  This is where I knocked off a star.  I ordered the Stache Infusion, which sounded delicious, and this may have been a one-off experience, but my drink tasted like diluted frozen strawberry juice with maybe a hint of vanilla.  I could not taste any alcohol in it, or balsamic, or pineapple.  Definitely not worth $11.  My bf got a hot pepper margarita concoction of some kind, which had a much better flavor, but was still below average.  
Food: It was decent, but I expected better.  I got the grilled ham apple cheese sandwich.  It was on the small side and the ham was basic lunchmeat-style, which was kind of disappointing, but tasted ok with the cheese and cinnamon apples.  It came served with tomato sauce for dipping; while this would have been a great choice for a standard grilled cheese, I found it an odd accompaniment for one with ham and cinnamon apples...it just didn't pair well.  
My bf ordered the sriracha shrimp tacos, which came with 3 and he said they were pretty good.  They looked and tasted like standard non-authentic shrimp tacos to me, but I was happy that you could taste the sriracha pretty well.  My only other negative was that they were served with lemon wedges, when limes would have been a much better addition.  Again, the food was not worth the prices in my opinion.
Service:  Very good and attentive.  Nothing negative there.
Ambiance:  Someone below said it reminded them of a viking's house, and I would kind of agree haha.  Lots of wood, masculine appearance, nice hanging vintage teardrop light bulbs.  
I'm sorry to say that my overall experience was mediocre, and I don't think we'll back again.Only been for drinks but impeccable service each time.  Decent beer list but cocktails are great :)great service, cool atmosphere, great location, excellent drink options, excellent food. Must order bread pudding!Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Tasty meatloaf. Scrumptious burgers. Will def come back.Such a cozy little spot with yummy dishes and if you're lucky enough to get Alex has a server , that will make your experience even better!I love, love, love their interior design. Plus, their logo is a mustache, how can you NOT love this place! Anyways, I had vegetarian lasagna and my two friends each had BLT+E and Ron Burgundy. I didn't try theirs so I can't say much about them but they seemed pleased with their selections. I chose my dish after reading many many yelp reviews but for a non-vegetarian, like me, I would not recommend this. I would definitely go back though! Next time I will try their meatloaf.Great food! The Ron Burgundy can feed 2 people. Good atmosphere, service was great and will be going back.Prime Stache Score: 14
Burger Quality: 3
Bun: 3
Fries: 1
Extras:  4
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: Decent burger but served with chips - looks very lonely on the plate.  Like the atmosphere - great spot in Old City
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)After what seemed like an endless turnover of forgetful bars/restaurants in this spot, a place that gets it finally arrived.  The concept is all american - from the booze to the food.  The grilled cheese is awesome and the ron burgundy sandwich is a must.  I like to consider myself a bit of a slaw snob and this place does it right - none of the mayo filled sweet nonsense.  The price is right when it comes to the food.  The drinks were good and reasonably priced and the bartenders know what they're doing.
I'd like to see less fruity/sugary drinks on their cocktail menu.  Instead of ordering off the menu, I went with an old fashioned with dad's hat rye whiskey and it was a bit on the sweet side.  I then ordered a Manhattan and it was perfect.
Generally it doesn't get too crowded, but be warned - with the hardwood floors and exposed brick walls it can get really loud.Five stars for the best bar food in Old City.  Top choices are burgers (stache burger) and wings (honey sriracha), but their cocktails are pretty good and so is their chopped salad.  This is also a good place to bring family who don't like more adventurous meals.
Basically, I never learn my lesson and like variety so I always like to check in at the other bars in the neighborhood but it's never quite as good as Prime Stache.Haven't been to the restaurant yet but stopped by their food truck the other day at the Navy yard and got a roast beef sandwich, was delicious and makes me want to get to the full restaurant soon.  Nice sized sandwich, creamy horseradish sauce on top, only thing I'd say is could use a pickle and maybe a little more solid bread, but I was very happy with my sandwich.  Priced accordingly in my opinion too, I think $8 for sandwich and chips
Nice lunch truck selection every Thursday afternoon at the Navy YardDelicious burger! Everyone needs to visit this fine new establishment in Old City. It was quite empty around lunch time (I hope that it fills up for other parts of the day..I like this place!). I loved the classed up pub decor. Did I mention my burger was delicious? Bacony, cheesy goodness. My friend got a cobb salad. She also was happy with her meal. Look for a 'stache' floating on the right side of the buildings after 2nd on Chestnut. You wont be disappointed!I really like it here. We came on a Saturday and there was no wait at all, which was really nice. The beer selection was awesome and the all the food sounded amazing. I ordered the meat loaf and it was phenomenal. My girlfriend ordered a few apps as here meal and she wasn't super impressed with the wings. Overall, it was a great experience.Another excellent dinner tonight!  We brought our two sons for dinner tonight which gave us the opportunity to order more apps.  In addition to the wings and fish tacos, which were as fantastic as usual, we had the pork belly sliders, the shrimp and the edamame ravioli.  These were also superb with flavors that popped in your mouth! My wife had the pepper steak again, and again it was prepared superbly.  She loves the pesto that accompanies it and the polenta.  I had the cedar plank salmon with sage broccoli. They were both perfectly grilled and full of flavor! One son had the New York strip and he loved it. And he hates mushrooms! At least he did until he ate the mushrooms that accompanied the steak! My other son went for the Ron Burgundy and it stuffed with porky deliciousness! We ordered both deserts but could only eat parts of both. Way too full, but glad to take the rest home.  Five stars again for Lauryn, who recognized us immediately, as did Chef Hee. This is obviously our new favorite restaurant!Stopped in one night before a salsa lesson next door.  Didn't have any expecetations, but the decor was nice and the greeter/hostess was so friendly.
Food: Good.  had the wings and fish tacos.  Light, seasoned just right and right-sized portions.  
Beer:  Great selection.  Had a watermelon beer, don't remember the name or the brew but refreshing and went well with the food.
Decor/ambiance:  Again, good.  The place has a hip/retro feel to it with the old style large light bulbs and woodwork.  I like it.  Makes for a good warm vibe and the dim lighting certainly helps.
Staff:  Very friendly.  I'm always of the opinion that a good wait staff can cover mediocre food, but good food can't cover bad service.  The wait staff here, from the hostess to the bartender, was great.  I didn't think it was over the top or too attentive.  They were nice, no attitude, and willing to please.  All signs of a wait staff that cares and actually takes pride in their establishment.  Kudos.
As a note, I didn't even know this was Brent Celek's spot.  Nice to see a local pro get invovlved like this.  Great work.This place is decent. The food is basic yet interesting enough that I think with most groups everyone will be able to find something they're interested in. Even still, I think a lot of the menu items are a little pricey for what they are (basic pub food). I got the salmon burger (which was *delicious*) but they fries it came with were very thinly sliced and mostly too crispy/burned. I love potatoes and usually one way or another I'll finish a plate of fries but I had less than half of them. That seemed to be the experience for everyone who got fries. 
Honestly I think this is a 3-star kind of place, but the reason I'm taking one star away in my review is that when the group of 7 I was with paid for our meal, everyone put in cash and I paid my portion on my card. I got my receipt, and that was it. The next day, checked my account balance and it had been overdrawn because the full amount of dinner and drinks for the party of 7 was pending on my card. I called Prime Stache, they connected me to someone named Shawn (?) who I assume is some sort of manager, who informed me that although he wasn't there, he looked in the system and saw that the final amount in their system was the $20 that I should have been charged for. He explained that "this has happened before" and what probably happened is that my card had been run for the full amount, then that transaction was voided, and then run for the amount I requested be put on the card. Once the charges finish pending, it should show up for the amount that I should be charged for. He was polite and apologized, but I was somewhat surprised that he/Prime Stache wasn't more apologetic about the mix up. Given the caliber/hipness of the place it seems like they should have tried harder, as most restaurants I think would have. Really I don't know why the person who ran my card that night didn't tell me that he'd had to void a transaction on my card so I could know about that possibility of a charge much larger than I was expecting to be pending on my card and be prepared in case I needed to move money around in my accounts to prevent an overcharge. It wouldn't have been hard to just give me that heads up, so that was a huge oversight on their part. I understand that card systems are whacky, but that Shawn (?) told me that it's happened before just seems like there's some kind of gap in the training of the staff-- and the restaurant was not busy when we were there. It's not like they were all rushing around attending to numerous demanding tables, it was a mostly empty place. Prime Stache is alright, but I think this experience is going to keep me away. I don't feel like I'll be missing out.It's rare that I find a Mac and cheese I don't like. 
I was charmed by the ambiance and even the gentlemanly waiter that we had. He was quick to ask if we needed anything and brought out our orders in a timely fashion. The place was great! However, I was not super hungry going in so I decided not to have the usual delicious Ron burgundy sandwich. We split the house tots that were on special that night and they were so tasty! However, I chose to try the Mac and cheese with the added pork belly. 
The pork belly was a $3 addition so I was expecting more than the 1 inch cube that I received sitting in the center of a huge bowl of pasta. Not only was the expensive addition sparse, but it was also tasteless. The macaroni was oddly sweet and not good at all. Do not eat the Mac and cheese!!I have been meaning to write a review for prime stache since my boyfriend's surprise bday party there. I called a week ahead of time and the staff was so incredible! They were able to accommodate 15 guests  in the back of the restaurant with excellent service. Also, they let me bring in a cake early to the party and provided the birthday candles. The food was excellent and came out quickly with appetizers and entrees to follow. My boyfriend orders the chicken pot pie and I had the eggplant, both were excellent! The server had no issue separating checks for our entire party. I would HIGHLY recommend prime stache for any special event and I look forward to come here in the future! GREAT FOOD and GREAT SERVICE!My wife wanted to go here for Mother's Day.....so OK away we went. I had their garlic wings, salt/vinegar wings, & the honey/sriracha wings. These wings are pan fried, nice & crunchy on the outside & tender on the  inside.....not your run of the mill wings @ all......& they are seriously some of the best I've EVER  had the fortune to eat. They were all good, but the honey/sriracha wings are the best of this test run!! My wife ate the Ron Burgundy....GREAT sandwich, lots o' porky goodness. My son had the roast chicken......VERY tender. Great selection of beer & other adult beverages.....service was very good also. You get a chance, hit this joint up....you won't be sorry!!We came to Prime Stache on a Friday with reservations for 7pm. It was slightly awkward when we walked in because there was no hostess stand. We made eye contact with the bartender and he pointed us to a table for 2 near the door. I was about to sit down when the door opened and a huge blast of cold air hit me, I then asked the kind bartender if we could sit closer to the back of the restaurant. He obliged and we sat at a table near the end of the bar. 
We sat, and sat, and sat for about 5 minutes until someone brought us menus. Then we sat, and sat, and sat until another person came to take our order and bring us water. The service struggled a bit in the beginning but once we finally had our food things started going our way. We started with the rock shrimp. The portion was small to split, but hit the spot. I had the honey sriracha wings and Dining Partner had the steak salad as an entree. The wings were a generous portion and the sauce was delicious. The steak salad was a bit surprising as it arrived with only avocados, tomatoes, onions and cucumber. There was no lettuce or spinach in sight. Slightly surprising, but Dining Partner scarfed it down anyway. The real star of the show was the dessert, the Oreo Cheesecake. It was THE BEST cheesecake I've ever had the pleasure of consuming. It was light, fluffy, delicious, and the whipped cream was sweetly fresh.  Save room for the cheesecake, it was the best dish of the night.Fantastic. During the new mustache craze I had to give this place a try and there were four of us so it was a perfect opportunity to try a wide variety. The hanging mustache and rustic decor give this placw a great first impression.
NOTHING is imported, which caught my attention immediately considering it allows you to eat local ingredients. They do not even carry tequila because it is not made in the US. Dishes use minimal ingredients and everything is fresh which is always a plus!
The drink list is very sophisticated and simple. All of the drinks we had were awesome-not too sweet and very well-balanced. 
First we tried the sriracha wings which had the perfect amount of spice. Next, the edamame ravioli and meatball sliders which were both outstanding. Being italian, I am pretty critical when it comes to meatballs and these were very flavorful. 
Next we tried fish tacos which use the fresh fish of the day (tilapia) which were very tasty followed by the pork belly mac and cheese (AMAZING). Whenever there is a good mac and cheese on the menu I have to try it and it was incredible. The pepper steak with Polenta fritters was by far my favorite. The polenta fritters literally melt in your mouth. We each had a few bites of the ron burgundy sandwich which was difficult to share but I dont think it is meant to be shared. The pulled pork had the perfect amount of sweetness. 
All in all this place is great and I cannot wait to go back!Looking at the menu, we were intrigued by a lot of the apps and sides, moreso than the entrees, so we ended up ordering 3 apps and 3 sides, which was probably more food than 2 people needed. 
Turkey Burger Sliders: A-mazing. I don't eat beef and am engaged to a guy who loves burgers, and also often eat in hospital cafeterias, so I have had more than my fair share of turkey burgers. This was the first time that I didn't feel deprived eating turkey. These things are moist, packed with flavor and fresh herbs, and the bread was great, too. Definitely a must-try 
Wings: If you like your food hot, go with the sriracha. These were nice and crisp, but I'm not a spicy food person and these were too much to handle. Thankfully our server caught on quickly and offered me some blue cheese dressing to tone this down. 
Calamari: Nice, light, crisp. 
Polenta fries: Great texture, hint of rosemary and thyme. 
Brussel sprouts: Cooked perfectly, nice and simple. 
Pork Belly Mac and Cheese: The pork belly was sweet, which was kind of a surprise, but perfectly crisp on the outside. The winner in this dish was the mac and cheese, again, simple dish but very well executed. 
We geeked out enough over the food that our server, Sean, who was excellent all around and very helpful with his recommendations, sent the chef over to chat with us. 
Overall, a cool spot with great ambiance, knowledgeable staff, and thoughtful food.I like Prime Stache. The stools are nice and big so you don't feel as though you're perched precariously, the staff is friendly, and the 'Stache Cider was hot and tasty. The decor is a little odd in that the walls are brick, the floor and accents are wood, and the bar is marble - that's a lot of variation in texture for drunk me to take in. It's a bold combination, and I applaud them for going for it.
Usually I find you can walk into a bar and get a feel for the clientele pretty quickly. Some bars are clearly hipster hangouts, some attract folks of a certain age and tax bracket, etc. Of course there will be a variety of people at any bar, but you can get a general idea of the type of people that frequent it. In my experience, Prime Stache defies categorization in this sense. They really do attract a mixed bag of people, and I think that's pretty great.Well we came here on a sat afternoon  deceivingly quiet. A cool setting but better than that exceptional food and i mean exceptional   Manhattan clam chowder obviously all homemade ingredients with large tender clam chunks. Edamome raviolis were gourmet level quality. Signature burger distinctively delicious and flavorful  .   Ron Burgundy sandwich also excellent tender pork and overstuffed. Highly recommended.The BLT+E was recommended to us by the server, I ordered it, my life was changed forever.  I will never eat another BLT without an egg on it.  5 stars for great food, good service, excellent atmosphere, and a menu I'm excited to eat my way through on repeat visits.Prime Stache is a great, affordable lunch, dinner, or casual beer spot.  The staff there are very friendly and the decor is on point.  Definitely will go back again.Really 2.5 but we all know that half stars aren't allowed.
Our intentions were to go somewhere else I have been wanting to try but a 1:30 movie start time at the Ritz and bad directions on google maps left us no choice but to settle on a plan B. That turned out to be Prime Stash.
I knew that this was the bar owned by just-signed-to-a-new deal Brent Celek of our hometown Philly Eagles. I had tried his food from his stashemobile truck at an open house in the fall and found it ok. I thought - Let's see what the mother ship had to offer.
My lady had the pulled pork sandwich and I had the burger. The pulled pork sandwich tasted strange. Inedible to me. But she finished most of it. Her review? I've had much better. The burger was tasty but overly salted. The fries were cold on both plates. 
Service was below par. I hate waitresses that disappear.I needed my water glass refilled or to get the bill but I think she was training on the computer (you can't do that when there are no customers?) I do not like asking for the sauce on the side and getting it on the burger. The place had all of three-four tables. 
You can find much better lunches in Olde City than we had yesterday.I had take out from here the other and I was pretty disappointed. The ambiance is really nice and the name and idea are cute. I found the food to be only OK.  I had the turkey burger and it was really small and kind of pricey for what I got. I know a lot of there places in Old City who's burgers and cheaper, bigger, and tastier. Not an awful place, just slightly disappointing.I am writing this review after my second dining experience at Stache.  
The first time I went here was during happy hour.  I was greeted by Sean the bartender who was very personable and gave us great service.  The happy hour includes $7 cocktails and I believe $1 off drafts.  I went for a cocktail.  It was good, but honestly pretty weak.  I would prefer to order a stiff drink that wasn't on special.  They also have some $5 apps during happy hour including Calamari which a friend had and raved about.  I had the snow pea/edamame ravioli which amazingly rivals buddakan.  It was seriously delicious!
During my second visit, I was greeted by another VERY friendly and personable bartender named Evan.  The people who work here are some of the happiest employees I've seen in the city!  They're really into the food as well, in fact I was told that he had tried everything and there wasn't a think he didn't like.  
I tried the salmon with grilled broccoli.  To be honest, I'm not really a salmon fan, I order it for health reasons every once in a while.  This blew my mind! Amazingly seasoned.  I don't know how, but they even scored a home run with the broccoli.  
I also had a stone beer.  I believe that most of their beer are local, which is nothing new around here but still a nice selection.  
As I was dining, I also learned that the chef was on Hell's Kitchen which is a cool little fact.  
I will continue to frequent this great spot for the nice atmosphere, hip menu, great staff, and overall enjoyable experience.  I know this place is owned by an Eagle player, but whoever is managing has the customer service down pat!My husband and I have been here twice on Sundays for lunch. Both times we had Ryan as a server and he is great. Very friendly and attentive.
The food has been consistently excellent! The double fried garlic wings are crisp, meaty and have the perfect amount of sauce. The wedge salad is big enough to split, and very fresh with tasty bleu cheese dressing.
I had the French Dip both times because it is so delicious. It's made with prime rib that is super tender, and the roll is crispy yet soft. My husband had the burger the first time, which he really enjoyed, and the Ron Burgundy most recently. He said he's had better pulled pork, but the combination of the pulled pork, roast pork and pork belly made the sandwich delicious over all. The french fries are amazing!! Nicely browned but soft inside, with just the right amount of salt. They also have a nice beer selection.
Inside is rustic and cozy. My only complaint would be that it's COLD in the bathrooms. Not a deal breaker, though. We will definitely return next time we are in the area!Very possibly the best food in Philadelphia.  Paired with their excellent beer menu makes Prime Stache a must-visit.  However, this restaurant isn't for everyone:  be prepared for tastes well suited for a sophisticated pallet (foodies).  If you enjoy McDonalds or are still drinking Bud Light, steer clear.Ah-mazing food. Great service. Good drinks! I can't say one bad thing about this place. I think the prices were super fair. The atmosphere was cool, little hipster, but fun. Def would come back. 100%.I love this place.....I really really love this place.  I forget how I learned about it.  May have been an article or word of mouth.  Or perhaps it was the giant mustache sign hanging from the exterior.  Either way I am so happy I walked in.  The combo of exposed brick, hardwood and low lighting really sets the ambiance in this place.  It may be too dark for some but I enjoy it.  The times that I have been there the dining area has usually been pretty empty.  This always confused me because they have some of the best bar food in Old City.  I have tried the majority of the menu and my favorites have to be the Rock Shrimp, Garlic Wings, Edamame Ravioli, Ribs, Roast Chicken and the meatloaf.  The service is always quick and friendly.  They usually have some great beers on rotation and a decent bottle list as well.  Do yourself a favor and try this place out!The food was okay. It was dead and I saw why. The server is terrible and inattentive. We had a fixe course meal and she forgot our desert. No one else was in the restaurant to distract them. Except for there phones and lack of care. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you appreciate bad service. I'll go to khyber next timeAmazing friendly bartenders! Pleasure to hang out at the bar. Also I think I had the best buffalo wings in the city. They are not deep friend and taste great. Im addicted and coming back.Sunday, had the Breakfast/Brunch Burger ... IT"S THE BEST! I drive 40 minutes and cross the B.F. Bridge to get one of these Burgers. Delicious !!!bad all around...the cola based bbq sandwich was neither sweet or savory which defeats the purpose of BBQ...the meat loaf was the size of a bagel and tasted like mush meat, no flavor or distinction....Cute atmosphere and I appreciate the clean bathroom. But seriously why do restaurants insist on only having 1 bathroom for woman customers? Anyways on to the food.
HORRIBLE doesn't begin to describe it.  The siracha wings were neither hot or sweet or twice fried as claim on the menu. It tasted mushy on the inside and had zero taste on the outside.  The meatloaf was tasteless and had the texture of mush. They even managed to make the bacon that was wrapped around it tasteless which takes skills.  The Ron Burgundy sandwich which boasts of three different kind of pork sounded so promising and the waiter told us it was a huge sandwich.  The sandwich was average in size, which didn't matter if if it tasted good. Again how does a sandwich that consists of pull pork, pork belly, roast pork and BBQ sauce comes out tasteless and mushy is beyond me. The chips also had an oily after taste. Seriously you have to work hard to make food this tasteless and the same mushy texture. Hands down worst spot in old city! Go next door to Han Dynasty and pay for the over price Dan Dan noodle and pork belly and you will be more satisfied and feel less like kicking yourself afterwards.Went here for dinner with the family to close out the end of the holiday break. We wanted a good meal in a casual fun atmosphere. Stache fit the bill exactly. Our server was terrific; informative, friendly, and attentive without being intrusive. He explained the menu items well and helped quickly when we had an accidental spill! The beer menu also was really good and they offered tastes before you had to decide. After the meal, the chef came out at one point and we had a really good conversation about the unusual combination of flavors in a number of the menu item. We especially enjoyed the edamame ravioli appetizer--really different and delicious-but all our meal was great. We all had a fun evening with good food, great service, and a really relaxed and comfortable atmosphere. We'll be back!I'm really disappointed to see that there are some low reviews for this restaurant. I've been here multiple times and I have a great time every time. First off love the venue! Always chill and very comfortable. Second, I love the food for it being in a  "pub environment." The edamame ravioli is one of my favorite dishes I have ever had. I could eat that every day if I could. When I went with my sister she was obsessed with the fried green tomato BLT and her boyfriend got the Ron Burgundy. We split the wings and the rock shrimp and they were epic. The fries were even amazing. I've also had the Mac and Cheese a few times. It's simple, but such a classic. Randomly, I also loved it when I took it home and ate it the next day. We also got the bread pudding for dessert. Never thought bread pudding could taste so good.  I'm also very impressed with the craft beer selection and the cocktails were fun too. I love that it's a chill place, but with great food. Service was also great, our server Alex was on point. If I have to plan an event at a bar, I definitely will consider Prime Stache!Food was awesome, exceeded expectations for the price point.  I got the grilled fish sandwich and the piece of fish was HUGE.  I chose the cole slaw as the side dish and it was the SPICIEST cole slaw I have ever had.
My friend had the Cobb Salad, and he said it was one of the best salads he ever had.
The server was great as was the hostess.
They make a point of telling you everything is made in the USA, including all of the beer and spirits.  (we weren't drinking though).  I did order a glass of iced tea and the iced tea was the "muddiest" looking iced tea I ever had.  They need to "lighten up" on the brewing of the iced tea.
The biggest negative was, they serve water at the tables in these really cool vintage looking water bottles, which means when they pour water into your glass, there is no ice, so, I had to ask for ice for my water and considering today was one of the hottest days on record in Philadelphia, ice should have been assumed.  :-)
Will definitely go back and next time will bring more friends.Really good, and surprisingly empty? Pork sandwich was delicious. Relaxed atmosphere where you could take your girlfriend or your boys.Stopped in for a lowkey bite to eat on a weekday night. It was just as fantastic as it had been when I'd come here before for a Yelp Elite event. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I ordered the Ron Burgundy sandwich, and my dining companion and I split the rock shrimp appetizer. The Ron Burgundy is a sinful pulled pork sandwich complete with bacon, cole slaw, and Prime Stache's rich and delicious cola bbq sauce. I could only make my way through half of it, but it was delicious.
The rock shrimp appetizer was really tasty and a big hit with my friend who I talked into coming here. We split the chocolate-raspberry torte for dessert. It was good, but nowhere close to the perfection of the salted caramel apple pie, which they were sadly out of.
My friend's sandwich came with house-made potato chips. They were perfectly thin, crispy, and delicious! 
The prices here are very reasonable for the ambience and the quality of food. I hope Prime Stache sticks around for a long time because it could be perfect as an Old City standby.While walking around Old City, my girlfriend and I decided to just drop in Prime Stache. We hadn't really heard about it and didn't have any expectations going in, but we were both blown away. We went on a Saturday around 3:45, so there wasn't many people there. The waiter was pretty friendly and attentive (which with 2 tables, I imagine isn't hard). We decided we'd just get two appetizers each and share. The amount of food we got was insane! I got jerk chicken wings and a thai beef appetizer, my girlfriend got edamame dumplings and fish tacos. We also shared a side of brussel sprouts. We didn't realize the apps would be so big, but we were happy they were. Every single item was better than the previous, personally the wings were my favorite and my girlfriend loved the dumplings. If I had to give one critique it would be the fish tacos. They were a bit bland, but they had a high bar to reach with the other items.I reached Elite right after RSVPs closed for the event at Prime Stache earlier this year, and was pretty bummed to have missed it after seeing all the photos from the night. It looked like such a great place, so I bookmarked it in my mind.
Alas, last night, I *finally* meandered down Chestnut and walked in with a friend. I ordered the Ron Burgundy porky-goodness sandwich, and couldn't believe how many flavors were jam-packed between those slices of bread. Geesh. I had never had sandwich quite like THAT one before.
Servers were attentive and gave suggestions; decor was comfortable. I wish this place was in my neighborhood!Prime Stache is awesome! The food and the service is excellent. I came here with a group of friends for my birthday on a Tuesday night. We also had a baby with us and the staff was super sweet with helping us accommodate with that. We had the calamari and the rock fried shrimp for our appetizers. They were both delicious. I highly recommend them. The drink specials have the perfect amount of alcohol and juice. I loved this one with lemonade and vodka they had. The only downside is that they serve only domestic products so you can't find tequila or imported beers. But I guess that's what makes the place unique.Good food. Had the burgundy pork sandwhich and the pork belly Mac and cheese. Both were delicious. The staff is very friendly and service was excellent. Beer list is very good and diverse. Ambience is relaxed and comfortable.Love Prime Stache. Definitely a contender in the Old City restaurant and bar scene. The drink options are unique and tasty and have great wine and beer favorites. The food is outstanding! We have brought friends and family here from all over the county and all are raving about Prime Stache!I can hardly believe that this place is still in business if they treat all customers the way they treated my party. 
At one point, a member allowed his friend to take a sip of a drink he had-- a single, quick sip through a straw, mind you-- and one of the employees grabbed them by the collars and physically pushed them to the door before shutting them out because the friend had not brought her ID. It is understandable to refuse drinks to anyone without an ID, but to physically engage and shove a customer shows a startling and unprofessional lack of respect for clients. 
Further, the employees constantly yelled obscenities at my party for noise (I.e. "I thought I told you I'm tired of you being so fucking loud. I'm tired of dealing with this shit.") despite that we had rented the venue and there was no one to disturb besides the employees, who spent more time talking with each other than they did doing their jobs. 
I will certainly never be giving business to such an aggressive and disrespectful venue whose employees treat customers like prisoners who are lucky to be there.Back at Prime Stache's again for the amazing brunch. My word for the visit....consistent! The Breakfast Burger is just so juicy and tasty, oh my goodness. This is a must try gang. As always great service and very clean and friendly. We are so hooked.Awesome time last night with appetizers and drinks from Prime Stache! My friend loved the sauce from the calamari and I loved the ravioli! Drinks were generous and made very well. Thank you Jenna for making my first night at Prime Stache memorable and most definitely not my last!Came into Prime Stache on a Tuesday evening and it was pretty empty. There were a few people at the bar and just my friends and I at a table. We split 2 plates of wings, my favorite were the char-jerk. Definitely will be a go to place for the wings alone. I ordered the cajun fish tacos. Portions were large but fell a little short on flavor. I wish there was some sort of sauce on it to add more spice.  Our server was great, she clearly had a real passion for the food and what the restaurant was about and frequently came over to see if her recommendations were working for us.Went on 7/18. Edamame Ravioli app was excellent; siracha wings were good. BLT was very good. Ribeye was cooked perfectly although jerk rub didn't come across. Service was excellentNot sure what everyone likes about this place. Food was okay at best and drinks are overpriced. Got the pot pie 3/5 stars and tried the burger 3/5 stars
 No fries just chips. ... Waitress was griping to us the entire time that patrons were showing up at closing time :/. The bathrooms are neat though, won't ruin the surprise for you, go see for yourself!My family and I sat at the chefs table. Ambiance, music, service, and food is great. 
Apps:
The fried calamari was crispy, scrumptious with the dipping sauce, and was perfectly balanced with the fried cherry peppers. We also had tomato & caper bruschetta with hot off the oven sliced crispy bread. The tomatoes were so juicy and seasoned just right. 
Entree:
For dinner I had the seabass in a miso glaze with rice. The fish melted in my mouth. The snap peas and carrots were the perfect side crunch to go with the buttery fish.
We shared the Mac and cheese. Melted cheesy goodness one delicious bite at a time. 
Other entrees that were ordered were the cedar plank salmon and fish tacos. Beautiful presentation of the salmon, cooked right and grilled broccoli side. Fish tacos are fun, light, and have a great crunch from the spicy slaw. 
Leave room for dessert. The bread pudding completes this meal. Just the right amount of time in the oven warms this little piece of heaven, then drizzled with a warm carmel glaze and a dollop of fresh cool whipped  cream. 
Enjoy, yelpers!i didn't really expect much from this seemingly kitschy tourist trap conceived by an eagles football player, but i found myself eating my words and essentially licking my plate. the service is a little overbearingly nice and overly attentive but i'm glad they're trying (just please stop cheering me on and telling me how good the food is after every bite i take). also, i'd say that the atmosphere is a little dungeon-like, a clean dungeon, but just overly sterile. most importantly though, when it comes to the food, the burger is perfectly prepared but kinda small.  i was really impressed however by the pork belly mac and cheese and the grilled cheese with tomato soup.  elevated comfort food done right.  the food is so "comforting" though that my waistline probably can't take more than monthly trips.I have 5 words to start off my review of Prime Stache and they are:
Strawberry Pineapple Vanilla Infused Vodka. 
If you're not a fresh fruit infused vodka fan (for whatever reason..), the beer selection is amazing and the other handcrafted cocktails are major wins.
The food is delicious and has a unique twist to it that makes this place a fresh stop in Old City. The atmosphere is perfect for everything from a first/second/third/whenever there's still a chance for awkwardness date to a get together with friends or an ever growing office dinner party. 
The wait staff is very knowledgeable, patient (with large groups) and efficient!Ron burgundy sandwich is unreal.  Solid drinks great atmosphere and good service highly recommendedFood was good but the service was terrible. They were under staffed and the staff that was there was slow and not personable. Would not recommend it as a place to go.We used Prime Stache catering for our wedding back in May. We had an urban-themed wedding and guests were able to walk up to the food truck and order their meal. It was great! Everyone loved the idea and thought the food from Prime Stache was amazing! Working with the guys at Prime Stache was easy and fun! They arrived on time and everything went extremely smoothly. They are quick to return emails and questions and it was an all-around great experience working with them.Sat at the bar on a Thursday night. Great service by Erica. Awesome calamari and peppers. Susan had the Ron Burgundy... I had to try it and it was really tasty. I had the meatloaf. It was wrapped in bacon and had to be the best meatloaf ever. 
The bullet rye was a nice touch for desert. 
I can't wait to come back tomorrow and try the vodka infused drinks.I feel bad saying this but: the mustache thing is overplayed. And it's on it's way out, people. You know how I know? I was in Urban Outfitters the other day and all those glasses with mustaches on them were half off. lol. I feel like that last statement may discredit me a little.
Anyway I was weary dragging my friends out to this place. But it was fun! The place was all exposed brick and wood, and minimal decorating. The hostess and bartenders and waiters were all super nice. The chef even came out with my polenta fries. He nicely let me quiz him on how to make my own polenta fries. I tried once about a year ago and failed miserably. He gave me great tips! Like: make sure the batter is super thick. I love sharing tips.
Standout dishes out of the many we tried: the siracha wings were delicious, the sweet pea and edamame ravioli were like this tasty yummy soup that the chef said was his take on vegetarian dumplings, and the butternut squash cavatelli was delicious. Oh, and the polenta fries were SO GOOD!
I even liked my cocktail: Briar Patch: had raspberry jam, blackberry and gin in it. :)Meh....
The food is nothing special. Apparently salty=flavor at this place. 
The cheesesteaks egg rolls were super deep fried, heavy and stale. 
OK selection of draught beers. So maybe just come for that, but then again the ambiance isn't anything to write home about either. 
The wait staff were nice. 
We'll skip it from now on anyway. Once was enough.Stopped in for drinks and appetizers. Awesome service! Server was knowledgable and recommended terrific beer and cocktails. Great and friendly service in a cool atmosphere. Brent Celek stopped by to check up on things, very exciting for a Birds fan.
Definitely going here again!Erica (our bartender) steered us towards great drink selections (and then made the great drinks!! Prime Collins, 1681 Citrus and Briar Patch), a fantastic appetizer Cherry Pepper Calamari and our main meals. The cherry pepper calamari was cooked perfectly, lightly breaded and lightly fried - just perfect with the chipotle dipping sauce. I had the Ron Burgundy sandwich with a light cilantro cole slaw, cola BBQ pork and melt-in-your mouth pork belly. My husband had the meatloaf which was so tender that it just fell apart on the fork. The light cheese sauce side was very complimentary.  Wish we were here longer to take advantage of more items on the menu!Great spot. I came here last night, a Tuesday night for a birthday dinner for my sister. Everyone left happy. The restaurant was pretty quiet, which is what I expected for a Tuesday night here in Old City but it ended up being to our advantage. Everyone got their drinks, appetizers and food very quickly and the servers were very attentive and friendly. My whiskey sour was delicious, and even when my sister did not enjoy her dirty martini, the bartender scooped it up and took it away without asking questions. 
I had a little bit of the Stache Burger and the Ron Burgandy for dinner, and both were great. The Stache Burger though, I need to give a shout-out to because I really loved it. It was a great burger and I was not expecting to . Cooked perfectly medium-rare, super juicy, the cheese on it was just a simple White american but it was great. I absolutely recommend giving it a try if you're a burger lover, because it's worth it!
The decor of the place is very manly and matches the "stache" name.  It's all wood and brick and then a few mustaches on the wall. Not sure if people will understand that in a few years when the mustache trend goes away (which I'll be fine with), but nonetheless it works. Apparently this is Brent Celek's place, because he came strolling in last night and had some dinner, which was very funny.Food was fantastic.  Waitress could have been better.  Nothing worse in my book than an empty glass.We made an 8:15p reservation and it was confirmed, but when we got there, there was not a table ready, we waited 45 mins for a table in the upstairs bar. 
Once we got seated, it took a good 30 minutes just to get drinks, and our food was brought out after 40 mins and was luke warm. 
While the staff was apologetic, this was extremely frustrating and ultimately disappointing.This is the second time that I have been to prime stache for a group event and I am severely disappointed in the drastic shift of their spirit. A venue that was open and accommodating in their first year has developed a sense of inflated self importance where they feel the need to rough up their guests upon arrival to their event and threaten to "throw everyone the hell out" if they did anything suspicious (this was a private event, with a pre-paid bar tab, I might add). 
There was a team of bouncers throwing out guests left and right and threatening those of us who did have wrist bands for merely being in possession of a drink around minors, without evidence that anyone underage may have been drinking.
For paying for a venue, we had surprisingly limited access to any of its facilities, most shocking of which being that they would not even allow us to use their pool table in the room that we had rented. Perhaps prime stache is trying to create an elite identity for themselves by pursuing the Eric Cartman strategy of saying "no one is good enough for my restaurant/bar". Regardless, these pompous assholes will never receive my business again.What a great Old City place! Went here with a couple friends (made a reservation on Open Table) and got seated right away. The whole atmosphere is really cool and laid back and the prices are awesome! 
For Drinks;
We all tried something different but I got the Honey lavender lemon drop martini and it was perfect and not too sweet! Absolutely delicious! And they user Tito's vodka which is corn so it really is a truly gluten free vodka (i.e. not a grain vodka). THANK YOU! My friends loved their drinks as well and one even switched her's to the lemon drop too at one point ;) - yeah try it you will like it! 
For Food;
The servers were really great about me being gluten free and offered me a ton of suggestions so I went with a salad appetizer and the burger with no bun....YUMMM! My friends got the 
They use local foods and everything they have is made in the U.S. and everything was so fresh! Seriously great service from the staff, always attentive and just gave us a great experience!Our second time back. Stopped on our way to concert. Great place! Bartenders where friendly and we really enjoyed it. I had the burgundy it was everything I hoped it would be. The slaw on top was delicious and can't wait to go back the next time we are in townBraved this ridiculous January chill last night to grab dinner at Prime Stache in Old City. I've been a few times before, once for lunch but mostly for dinner.
Not sure if the weather was a deterrent to other (more sane) people, but we were the only party in there aside from one table of four. Our server looked like Jason Biggs so I automatically liked him- super friendly, attentive but not overbearing. 
The decor kiiiiind of weirdly reminds me of a viking's house. Dim lighting, wood furnishing, very masculine. I like it. Drink menu is pretty fun as well. 
As far as food goes, I've sampled a good amount of the menu. 
polenta fries- these were weird and unexpected, but good. However, if you're craving a normal fry, these are probably not your best bet.
turkey burger- love me a good turkey burger. Really moist & the avocado puree really does it for me. Avocado makes the world go 'round.
honey sriracha wings- ummm these were sexual. If you're a wing person and like to deviate from the traditional buffalo/BBQ route, you'll probably love these. Nice n' crispy, served with a blue cheese-ish garlic butter dipping sauce. 
cheesesteak eggrolls- i've eaten several iterations of this food item throughout philly, some are great and some are pretty meh. These fell solidly on the upper quarter of that scale. Served with spicy ketchup. Thin & crispy/not too greasy eggroll shell. 
grilled ham + apple + cheese- holy hell this was delish. Buttered and grilled white bread, melty white ched/white american, baked apples and ham, served with a chunky tomato soup for dipping. This was the ultimate grilled cheese and I'm probably going to make myself a copycat for dinner sometime this week.
cedar plank salmon- if you're a salmon person, this probably won't disappoint, but it won't blow your mind either. Cooked well, but a little bland. The broccoli that comes with it could use a flavor boost as well.
hot turkey + gravy- i have a feeling this is a seasonal menu item, as i don't remember seeing it on previous visits. this is probably the most disappointing item that i've tried here. A few slices of turkey, served atop mashed potatoes, stuffing, and slices of bread, with gravy poured over it. Also came with brussels sprouts. The mashed potatoes and gravy were bangin, brussels were good, but the stuffing was supposedly 'cranberry chicken sausage stuffing'- didn't taste any cranberry/sausage. Turkey was decent. The bread underneath it all seemed misplaced. 
bread pudding- this tastes like a giant cubed fluffy magical pancake. Comes with a glob of white stuff on top that looks suspiciously like ice cream but don't be fooled- it's actually the tastiest homemade whipped cream ever. Whole thing's drizzled in caramel. You probably won't be able to move after finishing this but please just do it anyway. 
All in all, I'd say this place usually hits the mark. Reasonable prices, very un-stuffy vibe, and I dig the mustache thing. In theory, this place could suck (owned by an Eagle, could probably still pull in business regardless of the quality of food), but it totally doesn't suck. Give it a whirl.Re-visited this spot and tried different menu items this time: 
-Salt and Vinegar wings: Just the right amount of tangy, nice sized portion 
-Edamame ravioli: Delicate ravioli with a hint of edamame flavor swimming in a pool of delicious, truffle-flavored sauce 
-Off of the chef's special board: Jerk pork and shrimp on scallion pancakes. The scallion pancakes were memorably perfect, jerk pork was a little sweet for me, jerk shrimp was right on the money with a nice salty kickLast night at the Prime Stache I enjoyed easily one of the best drinks I've ever had, a strawberry and basil infused Tito's lemonade. Yum. It was like tasting summer in a glass and apparently is the Bar Manager, Kevin's own invention. My next drink was a blueberry mojito. Also incredible. 
One of the great things about Prime Stache is that it is an American Bar in that every fork, chair, decoration, and all the alcohol was made in the US. I give management (including owner Brent Celek) a lot of credit for pulling that off. 
The staff is friendly and accommodating, the drinks are awesome, and I can't wait to try the food. Without a doubt this is my new favorite place in Old City. I highly recommend this to anyone.This place looks really cool, has a great vibe, and some nice live music, but I got sick after I ate the salmon burger from here. I was trying to give the place the benefit of the doubt until a friend of mine who are the same thing told me he got sick as well after dinner.Let me start by saying that I don't like to give five stars and that I actually ate at the Prime Stache food truck instead of the restaurant. With that being said, I was extremely impressed by the quality of food coming out of this truck! I had the Ron burgundy and it was so good that I went back for a prime stache burger later. Both were so good that I am planning to go to the restaurant the next time that I am in town. Excellent job Chef Hee!My new favorite spot to eat!
Amazing meal tonight. 
Everything was great!
Rock shrimp was delicious!
Roast pork egg rolls was amazing!
Wings were tender And spicy and awesome!  Calamari was great!
Prime rib was to die for. So tender and is a must have.  Also roast chicken entree with sweet potatoes and Brussel sprouts was another top choice.  Will be returning here very soon.
Chef is amazing !!!The food here is amazing. They also have some very interesting drinks and a lot of different types of beer. All the drinks are American style, food is well cooked, and the waiters are extremely polite. Deserts... Must eat... I only checked this place out because a player from the Eagles owns it, but I must say, he's doing a good job. Keep up the good work Brent!