by 3 stars, i really mean 3.5-
white brick walls, cool rustic furniture, seasoned, attractive employees. and the lighting is lovely.. nay, PERFECT. probably good for a blind date.  and service is good and timely.
but 3.5 could've been 4 if it wasn't so expensive for what i'm getting. and if the kitchen was more accommodating.
the first time i ever ate there, (around when it first opened), i ordered ravioli and received 3 or 5 pieces for $11-13.  another time i visited, i tried substituting a salad for fries with my burger. and my server said, "no, sorry, the kitchen won't do that." 
are you $^%ER@# kidding me??? it wasn't a super modification. it's not as if i asked for a burger with only one bun, no tomato, half piece of lettuce, two onion rings, and love. it wasn't like i wanted to substitute lobster for fries!!! needless to say, this is the first time i've been unable to substitute. i'm usually really easy to please, but this is the first time i've ever felt difficult. at least in my head. is this in my head?
unforgivable.Two very good experiences.  Excellent burger and very good pulled pork.  Wife loved her egg white and goat cheese omlette.  Solid beer list and a good spicy bloody Mary.  Also had great service and an ecclectic play list.It pains me to write this, but I fear I must...
I used to really enjoy P&K as a lively neighborhood spot with elevated pub food. But yesterday in the early evening, the place was overrun with drunken frat boys dropping f-bombs at top volume and shouting about their exploits as rapists. After multiple parties complained, asked to be moved, or left altogether, what did the management do? NOTHING! Just kept serving them more beer.
It's hard to justify $25-$30 dishes when the atmosphere is that of no-class dive bar. And skip the octopus. It's overcooked and rubbery.
To be fair, the oysters were excellent; hence the second star.Tried the revamped menu. The duck is very good. Pub and Kitchen is always a solid choice.Right around the corner from our house - this is our (my husband and I) go to for everything! Brunch, a cocktail, a late night snack, a date night! 
We love pub and kitchen so much - such a cool vibe and such great people, the food is the best too :)
Love it!This place has a very unique feel. We nearly missed it on our walk to dinner; there's no real label on the corner restaurant.  
They have an eccentric mix of IPA's and Pale Ales. The menu is very interesting as well; their buffalo wings and the cavetelli appetizer were both amazing..the cavetelli was served al dente with amazing flavor. I had the skate for my dinner, which was probably the most delicious fish I've had in as long as I can remember. 
They are known for their burgers, which were very good as well. They are often compared to Village Whiskey's burger, and sadly I don't think they are quite on par, but still very good.
This place is on the pricier side, but the ambiance on a Saturday night is a mixed crowd; noisy and full of energy. Nicely done!There was a time when all i wanted to do was have an old fashioned at pub and kitchen, eat some meatloaf and take in my ipod playlist on the speakers.  It's changed considerably.  i don't know if the food quality dropped with the economy, but even their burgers are failing.  The only thing i recently had there with which i was impressed was sauteed swiss char with almonds and cranberries.  (It was really well cooked with no bitter and all the flavor, just like char is supposed to taste).  Their oysters are good if you're lucky enough to get there on a west coast day, but even then, they seem to get the small batches.  
A real regret is that whatever bartender made me fall in love with the old fashioned has since wandered into a place of cheap watered down bourbon and cloying bitters.  A real shame for a bourbon cherry to go bad in a drink like that.  
Oh, and who took the doughnuts?  Really?  Of all the dessert items, you took the homemade doughnuts with chocolate dipping sauce?  For shame!
I'm hoping that as the winter rolls closer, we'll see the meatloaf again, with mushy peas, and mashed potatoes like a good simple urban hipster bar should class up.  For now, meh on all fronts except the neat interior and pretty awesome wait staff.Really like this place..Food isn't always the star of the show, but doesnt mean its not good..It really is. Good selection of beer, wine list is simple and good. But sets a great vibe that you can tell makes it everyones neighborhood joint. Always a fun time.This is my go-to neighborhood bar. The ambiance is awesome (I love all the cool retro lighting they have) the staff is friendly, and the food is solid. We typically like to go on the later side of the evening, around 10 or 11. At that hour, I don't see how you could have any issues with servers or food. What I really like about his place is that the menu is really seasonal. They always have something new and interesting to try. I particularly remember a really great  Arugula and Watermelon salad I had over the summer. Go and enjoy!Ordered takeout so this review is for that. Tried the P&K Cheeseburger and it was fantastic. Highly recommend it to anyone visiting or ordering from it. Someone else tried the Lancaster Chicken and loved it.i put off trying P & K because of the $12 price tag on the burger, even though it's been recommended.  yesterday i decided i'd try it out for drinks.  the mark up is almost as bad for drinks.  however the real turn off was the service.  the hostesses and waitresses were all aloof and unengaged.  hypothesis 1- management sought to hire snooty staff.  hypothesis 2- they are made to dress them in quite constraining clothes and they can hardly breathe enough to talk to customers.  who knows?A nice neighborhood feel, but it isn't the first place to pop into mind when asked for recommendations. The interior and service are nice, but the food and drinks are pricey for what is served, unless you go for their outdoor summer happy hour!Well, I just want to say we came here by chance and we are very lucky that we did!
The warm atmosphere, very excellent Server, delicious food and Happy Hour was a bonus. 
Don't miss this neighborhood eatery/BarIt was our first time in Philly last October and the weather was nice enough to we wander from neighborhood to neighborhood. On the way back to the hotel we spied what looked like a pub at which to kill time before another restaurant opened.
I was more than pleasantly surprised by the beer menu, and the "snacks," including one of the best cheese plates I've ever tasted had us thinking we might have to cancel our other dinner reservations. To round out a meal, my wife had a fish dish with "smushy peas" and I had the sage/apple/pumpkin risotto.
It was also early enough in the day that we completely missed the most of the dinner/drinks after work crowd, so the atmosphere held up. We practically had the place to ourselves for a while. All in all it was the perfect place to stumble into.Went here twice during my visits to philly in the last 6 months and both time I enjoyed the food here. Cool lil place and that burgerThe food here is pretty damn awesome and I really like the aesthetics and ambience and overall casual but not slow or sleepy feel. I got the p&k burger with cheese and bacon AND they added fried egg which is basically greatest meal ever. It's pictured. It tasted so awesome. 
The waitstaff is also really nice but our particular waiter, while he meant well, he didn't seem too knowledgeable about the food. But no big deal, some people don't give an F.$5 mimosas to follow a new years eve hangover? You had me at hello. Pub and Kitchen is a very relaxed and easygoing hangout spot with good food to match. The bf and I were both craving some red meat so we decided to try P&K. We were seated in the back little private dining room which is cozy with lots of small tables, exposed brick, and natural light. The burger was cooked to my liking and they were very accommodating to some topping substitutions. I loved the fries and the food, the waiter was extremely cool. 
The only downside - and it had nothing to do with P&K - was the fact that because of the mummers parade there seemed to be tons of loud families in what would usually not be a typical family establishment. I love kids as much as the next gal but sometimes (usually after a night of heavy drinking) you just want to eat your burger and drink your alchy sans rugrats.I came here with a group of 2 gals after hearing some good reviews of their burger. It wa sa beautiful day and we wanted an al fresco style happy hour/dinner thing going on. We came in, sat down and decided on the cocktails and wine. I'm not a crazy drink person but I enjoyed my cocktail. On to the food though, I settled for their burger which was definitely good. Meat was cooked to perfection and the addition of the bacon was just what made the burger pretty memorable. I would say I'm a burger snob and I prefer burgers that aren't bleeding and moo'ing (rare) but I don't want my burger tough enough to chuck it at someone (well). I like them medium rare and they were quite successful in that regard. I would love to come back to try their bread since I've heard it's one of the best around but it definitely is a must come back place!It's a pub! It's a kitchen! It's Pub & Kitchen!
I've been here for brunch, happy hour, and a late dinner, and all three times were solid. They have outdoor seating, and big windows which they open up in nice weather, so even if you're sitting inside you can enjoy some sunshine.
Their kitchen is open late, which is a big plus for me. I've eaten here after 11 on a Wednesday night, so they must serve food until at least 12 on weeknights. Big fan.
You may have heard good things about the burger. These things are true. It totally delivers. Although P&K has a good beer selection, I chose to wash down my burger with some champagne, cause that's how I roll. 
To top it off, the staff is always very friendly, and the music they play sounds like my indie station on Pandora. I like this place more and more every time I go. Can't wait to go back again and try the Welsh rarebit.Had a great meal here. Saturday night. Monk's was packed and we wanted some mussels. Sat outside, which seems like the way to go. Service was ON POINT. Our server was amazing. It's like she was reading our minds, and she had the perfect balance of attentive but not intrusive.
We had a cheese plate to start. Then I had the mussels, which were great.
I remember drinking tasty red wine (of course) so I can't remember what it was (also of course!).
Will definitely be back.Wandered in on a whim with some friends on a rainy Saturday afternoon for a late lunch, where Pub and Kitchen delivered everything that makes a rainy day comforting and cozy, versus wet and agitating.
We settled in at the bar, where I had my Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout, and gnocchi with brussel sprouts and sweet potato (I think, sweet potato? Idunno... I wanted to doublecheck online, but wow, what a lousy web site--er, "web page" with only a contact link to email). My boyfriend had a "po' boy," which was absolutely delicious, but equally as delusional if it really thinks it's a po'boy--fishcake on a round bun, for $11? Feel free to call yourself a delicious homemade fishcake sammich, but PLEASE recognize that a po'boy you ain't, neither by bread nor by price.
Aside from the misleading definition of aforementioned boyfriend's sandwich, and an 'under construction' online presence, Pub and Kitchen is a dimly lit, inviting, and friendly corner pub where I look forward to spending many a lazy winter Saturday afternoon with my ass atop a barstool. And when I do, I'll need to try one of their bloody marys, because my mouth watered as I watched the bartender mix a few.
P.S. Thank you for not giving us a problem when we split the check 3 ways with 3 credit cards--it was reflected in your (cash) tip.Good beers and decent food.  Good spot for catching a drink with friends although it might get pricey compared to other options in the area.  Can get crowded after work so watch out for the yuppies.Went to pub and kitchen to eat some food and witness Doc Halladay make history. The bar was great, with a good amount of Phils fans and good draft beer specials. They also had dollar oysters which is enough to get me almost anywhere.
I had the flying fish octoberfest? whatever it was good. I had the fish and chips which were excellent. And the truffle dijonaisse was very very good. Be prepared for a very intense truffle flavor.
The reviews that i read prior to entering this place really bashed the service. I thought the service was great, our waitress was really friendly and attentive, filling our beers and water, and not rushing us at all.
Definitely reccommend this place for a casual drink and some good food to go along with it.
Also a sweet logo.churchill burger is amazing.  amazing server, so fun and real....  made my thurs awesome.  delish food.In desire of gastropub fare, but tired of our usual haunts, a few friends and I ventured to Pub and Kitchen (19th and Lombard). I had been to the former restaurant, Chaucer's, once before, and the transformation was drastic. Pub and Kitchen has been able to achieve lighting nirvana in their small space, creating a warmth that filters throughout. Service was quick and attentive without being overbearing. But on to the food.
I highly recommend trying the Bar Snacks, which are a steal at $3 a pop. We sampled the duck liver pate and fish mop rolls. The latter were delicious. If memory and taste serve me correctly, it was some kind of white fish combined with a creme fraiche accompanied by potatoes and herbs on crusty bread, all of which is underscored by a hint of citrus. The flavors are sophisticated and complex. Two large pieces come to an order.
Entrees: I was in the mood to go light, so I ordered the onion soup ($8) with a side of brussels sprouts ($5). What made the onion soup distinct was the addition of some kind of wheat beer (I think) to the broth, which stood up to the strength of the cheese and paired well with the sweet, caramelized onions. My only complaint: some of the cheese on top of the soup burned at the edges under the broiler. My side of brussels didn't achieve as high marks. The brussels were overcooked as well as the accompanying bacon. The flavors hit the mark, blending well, but the execution fell short.
We had also ordered the fish and chips, an altogether unspectacular dish, especially considering the steep price tag: $16-18 (don't remember exactly). The chips lacked a certain crispness, adding to the overall ineptitude. Also ordered was the steak and potatoes ($22). Not more perfectly could the steak be cooked! Rare, au poivre, and blissful. Not as much could be said of the potatoes, done in a hash brown/latke style, which seemed old and overdone.
In all, a pleasurable experience with exceptional flavor and ambiance; however, echoing other reviews, the actual cooking has yet to find its groove. Potatoes and brussels, especially at this price point, should be done without error. This has yet to happen.
To sit at the bar with a drink and "bar snack" before venturing out for the evening--yes, this would be delightful and really the most prudent of actions.
Ciao
rwfChilled asparagus soup with whiskey and sage bread was superb. I loved the individual loaf of bread - it looked charming. Easy place to be on your own but not feel marooned.All right, Pigbunny.  Time to level with you.  Time for some harsh truth and honesty and tough love.
Pigbunny -- can I call you Pigbunny?  Because my wife and I do, all the time -- you are our neighborhood pub and restaurant.  You are warm and inviting.  You have many fine alcohols for us to consume.  Your fries are superb.  We want to come to you all the time.  At least, all the times when you're not teeming with douchebags.  (We've learned your rhythms and know when the douche rolls in.)  In short, we want to give you all our money.
But we can't, because you don't offer any vegetarian dinner entrees.
Don't even start by saying you have a cheese plate, or welsh rarebit, or a salad.  Those aren't entrees.  Those are sides and apps.  I find it impossible to believe you can't make a vegetarian entree.  I find it impossible because you've done it before: a pasta dish, a sandwich.  Something.  Something good and tasty.  You have good food.  Surely you can create something.
I might get that vegetarian entrees aren't big-ticket items, but you're turning away dollars.  Bar dollars, especially.  Sure, you're not making a lot on that spring vegetable gnocchi, but the wine and beer we consume would surely compensate for that.  More to the point, though: fries and a cheese plate aren't a meal.  You're basically saying that vegetarians just shouldn't bother.  So we don't, except for brunch, when my wife can have the cheese omelet.
When I first reviewed you, I gave you five stars, because you were that awesome and accommodating.  In fact, that is part of the reason we love you so much.  When we first moved to Philly, we were tired and stressed after a long day of hauling boxes, and Beth made us feel like we really had found a home.  And now?  Less welcoming.
So you're docked a star.  I hope to give it back to you very, very soon.I'm basing this review after visitig (or attempting to visit) P&K several times now.
I will begin by saying that I find the layout to be pretty good with the exception of the back room.  Something about dining there just makes you feel less connected to the normal energy and flow of the place. 
The beer selection is small but tastefully chosen.  They always seem to have Old Speckled Hen on tap.  I've never had a problem ordering drinks even on packed bar nights.
If you're eating at P&K then you definitely want to have the burger.  It's pretty ridiculously awesome.  I've had it three times now and it never disappoints me or any of the people I've dragged their with me.  I've had the mussels as well and they were nomtastic.  I have a feeling that all of their food is spot on and there's not a bad thing on the menu.
I knock them down a couple stars because times I have gone there it has either been so packed that it wasn't worth the wait or because one hot summer evening I tried to go there and either they weren't running the AC or they didn't have any.  Needless to say, I had to leave.  It was just too hot in there to enjoy any food.
They don't take reservations which just bothers me. For me, if I know where I'm going in advance, I want to call and have a table reserved for me.  From the restaurant's standpoint I'm sure they don't want to book up there tables for a bunch of no shows.  I guess it's just crappy because I feel that their level of food is of the quality where I should be able to reserve a table.
I will make return trips.  It's always a nice place to stop in.  Maybe I just need to go some more. I really want to give it more stars, I just can't right now.So I finally made it over for there infamous Burger! When I ordered and They didn't 
ask me how I wanted it cooked.. I was
concerned, But I was pleasantly surprised, the 2patties were very tasty. The Lettuce tasted Like juicy coleslaw!! There was definitely a Distinct Flavor to this burger! The Bunn was a Bit too dense, & the fries were frustrating. They kept braking off in to my Ketchup, Because they were so skinny. 25min wait was rough, but I Left satisfiedHad dinner here one even and the food was awesome.  OK, the beer was awesome which probably enhanced my food experience.   My coworker was sober and said it was good so I'll take her word for it.  Great neighborhood joint and would definitely be back.great place. service was well above average. ambiance was low key and welcoming. cocktails were solid. but the food was was the most impressive facet of the experience. everyone at the table had a superb meal. if you eat meat, do yourself a HUGE favor and get the churchill burger. it's indescribably good. literally. i can't even put it into words.Delicious! I had heard so much about P&K that after moving to the neighborhood months ago, I finally decided that enough was enough - I had to try this place. Again, all that comes to mind immediately is - delicious! I had the pork chop with brussel sprout leaves, lentils, HUGE chunks of bacon, apple and a side of applesauce - the perfect combination of sweet, salty, fruit and butter. The pork chop was also perfectly cooked and amazingly tender. 
I finished the meal off with the chocolate mousse with a layer of graham cracker and cherries on top and on the bottom. Seriously felt like I was eating the most heavenly brownie batter in existence.. This mousse was thick yet velvety, super smooth and REALLY rich! I was thoroughly stuffed after only a few bites but I couldn't stop eating it - it was so good. 
While it's true, prices are a little high ($26 for my entree and $7 for dessert) my friend and I were allowed to savor each moment and each bite. We never felt rushed even though it was a friday night and the place was packed. Servers were incredibly attentive and subtle and our waitress was funny and let us set our pace. Great night. Great meal. I will definitely be back for more.Been twice.  Once by myself on a sunny Satruday late morning -- sat outside with no wait and had a great salad.
Went with a party of four on a Saturday night in February.  Were told there would be a 30 minue wait - sure, no problem.  Found seats at the bar, got a drink, and ... waited for an hour and a half!  But it was too cold venture outside needlessly, so we waited and were finally seated in the upstairs dining area, which we were initially happy about because it seemed quieter than downstairs and there were only 3 other parties up there.  Until they TURNED UP THE MUSIC so loud we l.i.t.e.r.a.l.l.y. could not hear each other.  Or the waiter.  We politely asked him to turn the music down and after giving us a sourpuss look he turned down the music just a smidge, like a surly teen who can't believe his parents are asking him to turn down his oh-so-rockin' tunes.
Other than that, the food was great (though no fish & chips on the menu -- wah!) and the service was also very good (I think the waiter realized he had been a bit of a jerk and tried to make it up to us).
In general, this seems more like a local, young, slightly hipster hang out bar than somewhere you would make a special trip to visit, so if you're local and in your twenties, I say go for it.This anecdote well summarizes my experience.  A friend and I had lunch here.  When the waiter came over to the table midway through our meal and asked perfunctorily "How's everything?" both of us replied, "Frankly, everything is very salty!"  "A lot of people have told me that," our waiter replied.  "Well," I said, "Did you ever manage to go back to the kitchen and tell THEM?!"This is more like a 2.5 star review. My recent experience was pretty "meh"...
I used to love this place when I lived down the street. I hadn't been in for a long time, and stopped in for a quick bite and glass of wine around happy hour time. I ordered a glass of wine, which was like $10. Not having a happy hour wine is really annoying, although they do offer a $20 bottle. Adding some glasses of wine to the happy hour menu would be cool. 
I ordered the pretzel with cheese. The pretzel was hard as a rock. So hard, in fact, that I couldn't cut it with a steak knife. I only ate about half because I was starving (it was 5pm and I hadn't eaten all day). Strangely enough, I feel like more than one employee saw me struggling to cut the damn pretzel, and no one asked me if everything was OK. Strange. I could have broken a window with that pretzel! Or a tooth!
Either way, it was a disappointing visit to a place I once loved.Came here for brunch with some friends and was underwhelmed. I got the egg white omelet and my friends got the cheddar and apple omelets. They were both pretty bland. The jam with the toast was the highlight of the meal. If you are getting a bloody go for the wrangler. The service was pretty slow and not super friendly. I usually love this place, but won't be coming back for brunch.To call this place a neighborhood gem is an understatement!!! This place is pretty much a go-to spot if you're looking for delectable eats, a notable late night bar menu, excellent crafted cocktails and hospitality that is up to par with Rittenhouse's finest!  I've been wanting to visit this place for a while now. My very good friend who knows how much of a foodie I am pushed for me to go and this place has consistently been featured in philadelphia magazine's top 50 restaurants. I finally made it a point to visit on Valentine's eve and this adorable and hip and LIVELY neighborhood gem is filled with energy, a fun crowd, dapper looking bartenders who have an appreciation for good grooming, your hipster servers and a notable menu! I scanned their menu even though I wasn't too hungry and one after the other, a series of gnoshes caught my eye! Their warm spiced nuts with sea salt was legitly warm and caramelized to perfection, deviled eggs were a perfect balance with the smooth creamy texture of the piped yolk topped with capers and potato crunch, their Brussels sprouts with balsamic glaze and lamb bacon (per the recommendation of our super star sever Beth was MINDBLOWING! I always appreciate a good server who knows his or her stuff) and we had a "secret" not on the menu whiskey bread. ZOMG, not only was this bread piping hot from the oven, but it had almost a croissant-y texture topped with an adorable dusted bunny stencil!! I feel like this menu was just a tease to what the entrees and dinner menu has to offer. Most definitely a MUST try spot! To top it all off, the well groomed bartender Dom stopped by our table to extend the Pub & Kitchen hospitality! This place speaks for itself and I only look forward to everything else this gem has to offer! Brava brava brava!!Really enjoyed my time at Pub & Kitchen.  Server was fabulous.  However, I got stuck in the very back and it was like an ice box with the air blowing right on our table.  Luckily our server was kind enough to move us to the main dining area where it was much more comfortable.  
Food was very good.  Pulled pork sandwich was tasty.  Nothing that would blow you out of your shoes, but nonetheless, good!  Fries were also tasty.
Overall, I would definitely come back!Sometimes this place is spot on, like the time I had the tasting menu with morels and a cream sauce, others it's pretty horrendous. Took my dad there after raving about it, and he ordered their signature burger, and it came out luke warm despite the fact we were one of the only ones in there, and the rest of the meal was less than stellar as well. Service is also hit or miss; one day your server will be just the right amount of attentive, the next they are no where to be found.Okay, people are too hard on this place.
I had a burger, a few beers, and the brussel sprouts.  The burger was excellent (though it was too huge for me to finish) and the brussel sprouts were good (though not great).  I think the best part of this place might be the space.  Even though the restaurant is pretty big, the atmosphere is home-like and cozy.The French fries are the best I've had in a long time. The cheeseburger was a double patty- so prepare your appetite! Direct quote from my "honestly, one of the best cheeseburgers I've ever had. And the chicken breast! It was freakin' delicious!"Twice now, I've run from the cold to squeeze through the door of Pabbit. It's been a nice refuge these last couple of freezing cold nights. 
In short,
The burger is better than Monk's. 
The fries are a close second to Monk's. 
The gnocchi are way too salty. (I still need to try the pierogies.) 
I love having a large pint of cider and a burger so that's probably what I'll stick to if we return again. I might also work my way through all of the $3 bar munchies.I can't even think of giving this place less than five stars. As I am terribly sad that my favorite restaurant is all the way in Philly. 
Came here for my second time last nite, on a trip to see a good friend and celebrate her engagement. I couldn't exactly remember what I had on the previous visit, but I knew that it ended in an orgasmic banana bread bread pudding... I mean come on, delicious. 
So, I knew I would be back.
This visit included: A wait of one hour (actually only 45 minutes or so) on a Saturday night around 8 pm. We got drinks at the bar, luckily snagging some stools in the packed area. You know if everyone around you is also choosing to wait the hour... it is that good. 
After a few glasses of wine, and a cosmo for me, we were led upstairs to a nice and much quieter dining room. 
I ordered a chicken skewer appetizer ($8) and my friend ordered a beautiful and delicate looking wedge salad ($9). My chicken skewer was very flavorful, and she loved her salad. 
Main courses: She ordered a lamb course ($22), which she raved about, but I wasn't brave enough to try. I got the pulled pork sandwich ($12), which was very good... slightly spicy for me- but I am a spice baby. It came with a simple side salad that I couldn't stop eating. And I ordered a side of mac and cheese with pork belly ($9). In hindsight, I wish I had ordered two or three mac and cheeses and called it a day.... it was so amazing!! 
And then as full as I was, I had to hear about the desserts. Which ended with a chocolate bread pudding with caramel sauce for me, and a passion fruit panna cotta for my friend. I believe they were each $8. I fortunately and unfortunately ate all of mine!! ha. I was extremely full.... but it was sooo worth it. 
As far as the service goes, I found all the waitresses and hosts very kind and helpful. They seemed to sincerely care if you had a good evening... and that is always appreciated. 
Now, do me a favor, add up the total that I spent (on just food!), but keep it to yourself.I walk by this place daily and I've been wanting to eat here for a long time.  My friend had mentioned that this place had one of her favorite burgers so I had to check it out.
It was DELICIOUS!  It may be on the saltier side as others have mentioned but I have a salty palate so I didn't really notice.  Something about the beef patties with the cheese and pickles made for a really delicious combo. 
The fries that came with it was good too.
service was good tooCan't go wrong with this place. Great cocktails, awesome food, and cute/sweet staff. I suggest the cheese plate (they serve it on a cutting board that looks like the middle of a tree) and the menu changes a decent amount that you never get bored with the options.Pub and kitchen has well prepared, well presented food. 
The menu is small for entrees, more selection for appetisers. 
The server Nate whom waited on me, both times I have been there is friendly, engaging, and adds to experience. 
I had the soft shelled crabs which were the special last night and they were great. a little to peppery for my friend. my fiance had a homemade blueberry infused vodka, which she enjoyed. 
The only issue have with pub and kitchen is the price. 
the portions are small, and the price is large. 
so be warned, this is a Rittenhouse restaurant with Rittenhouse prices. 
don't let the pub in the name fool you, its not a place for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat. 
Also, I think if your special is going to be several dollars more then your highest menu item, you might want to mention it. 
Blueberry vodka , which was suggested was 16 a pop, which seemed a bit high too. 
overall nice place, just be aware of the size to price ratio...and don't go there starving.My husband & I dined here last Friday evening (for the first time), and everything was amazing. AMAZING. 
For apps, we shared the brussels sprouts & squid. The brussels were probably the greatest thing I have *ever* tasted. I have been craving them like crazy ever since, and trying to recreate them at home (unsuccessfully!). I would visit P&K again and again just for the brussels. The squid was pretty good, but maybe a little too busy for my taste. A little less may have been a little more with this dish - but we definitely enjoyed it. 
As for the entrees, I had the Wagyu Bavette, and my husband the Monkfish. Both were INCREDIBLE. The Monkfish was served over the most deliciously prepared fennel - such a perfect pairing for this dish. As for the Wagyu - need I say more? Who doesn't love Wagyu Beef? It was cooked to perfection (med-rare) and served on the most delicious bed of farro and root veg salad. YUM.
Topped it all off with Panna Cotta and couldn't have been happier. We will be back very soon for sure!My trip to Pub and Kitchen was an unplanned lunch after some hanging in Rittenhouse Square on a perfect fall afternoon.  
Outdoor seating was a must.  
I was looking at a menu and it was rather small and read in an unimpressive way.  
The waiter sold me on a burger which was their special on this day, the meat came blended from a high end butcher in NYC.  Supposedly he had never until now let this blend of meat out of the city.  Pub and Kitchen had exclusivity to this meat which peaked my interest in what can a "high end butcher" from nyc do that I haven't seen before with a burger.  
The burger came with caramelized onions on a bun.  The meat lived up to the height of exclusive beef.  Although I don't plan on spending 18$ for a burger again anytime soon.  My tastebuds were more then satisfied.  I will describe this meal as I would when I describe the eating experience of any of my favorite foods... when the burger was gone, I was a little bit sad.Unfortunately, the delicious food was marred by the terrible service.  The waitress we had was perhaps one of the rudest I've encountered in a while.  It started when my boyfriend and I decided to order the Kolsch- which happens to be our favorite beer, despite being the cheapest on the menu and in a can.  The waitress' response when we ordered this:"'um, really?"  She also asked us 4 times if we wanted a glass with it...she finally brought the beers out with some glasses and asked AGAIN, if we needed a glass.  YES we said again.  She then attempted to pour the beer into the glass while it fizzed all over and told us she was a bad at pouring beer.  Just give me the glass, I'll pour it myself I told her.  GOOD was her response.
The food however was delicious.  Both the mussels and the skate were awesome.  I would have stayed for dessert and more drinks if the waitress hadn't brought us over our check immediately after we finished dinner without asking us if there was anything else we'd like.  I'll definitely be back here, but avoid the rude waitress' section.The more and more I go to gastropubs, the less and less impressed I am by them. I don't know if the schtick is just getting old, or if people are doing a worse job, or what, but c'mon people, ENTERTAIN ME!!!
Pub and Kitchen strikes me as a fairly run of the mill entry into the gastropub arena. Very nice interior rehab job? Check. Pretty awesome selection of beers? Check. Couple fancy, gourmet-ish items on the menu? Check. Yawn. The thing missing was something to separate this place from the crowd. Why would I go here instead of any other place just like this? Jonny Brendas has whiskey donuts. The Tap Room has tacos of the day. The Royal has one of the better burgers around, not to mention innovative uses of pork that surprise me every time (mmmm, pulled-pork nachos with beer cheese sauce ... I digress.) This place had ... 18 dollar fish and chips. 18 bucks??? Seriously? For fish and chips? Maybe you should've saved some money on the fancy interior so you could serve some food for a reasonable price. Listen up Pub and Kitchen (and you too, Devils Den!): If I wanna spend 40 dollars on dinner, I'm not going to a gastropub, not when there are better dinners to be had for $40 (pick your BYOB) or much cheaper gastropubs with the same food! I don't get the 20 dollar entree movement in these places, it really makes no sense.
One other irk: our waiter was nice, but he had to have come to our table like 45 times during the course of the meal. Body language my friend, it will tell you all you need to know, like when we are done with our menus (see: putting down menu), when I need another drink (see: drink close to or completely empty). This ain't rocket science homey. (UPDATE: As I read through all the other reviews, bad service is a recurring theme.)
if you live near Pub and Kitchen, or are in the area, hit it up, it'll be a fine dinner. But I don't think it's worth traveling very far at all to go to this place.Had dinner here on a gorgeous night -- we had to take advantage of the weather and sit outside. We were told it would be a 45 minute wait for a table, so we had a few drinks at the bar. $7 cocktails? This New Yorker needs to travel -- who am I kidding? -- anywhere to get her affordable liquor fix! I ordered the mint julep but really didn't like it... the bartender swapped it out for the strawberry sangria for FREE! Spreading the love in Philly :) The sangria was MUCH tastier... I had been craving mussels all day and so was thrilled to see them on the dinner menu. Big mistake - these mussels were in a hefeweizen broth. The flavor was awful. The color of the broth was murky and make me frightened to dip my bread. And once I mustered up the courage, it didn't even taste good! Soooo very disappointing meal. My friends were perfectly satisfied with their own selections, so I'm just going to chalk it up to poor selection on my part. But if the word "pub" is in the name of your restaurant, shouldn't you do a good job with mussels? Three stars for the cheap and tasty alcohol :)I love this place. Arrived tonight to be expertly guided through the menu (oyster selection) by our fantastic server. Had an incredible rye spiced Manhattan. Okay, maybe 3. 
Fried chicken sandwich new to the menu and fantastic. Expertly fried, juicy and flavored with buttermilk. Loved it. Worth the diversion from our usual burger. Which is the city's best. 
Food is excellent. Drinks are excellent. Service is excellent.Went for the first time last night with friends and was amazed at the quality of the food and the friendliness of the staff. We had oysters, mussels, and smoked wings for appetizers and the rabbit meatballs and roasted chicken for entrees. Excellent!!! I recommend this place to everybody.Picture the scenario:
You've just flown in from England, you're tired, it's humid, it feels like 1 am and you're hungry. You want food that you know, but you're happy to try some American stuff, too. You want it to be tasty but not too expensive. Sound reasonable? Alright, not if you live in Philly, but you know what I mean...
Go to Pub and Kitchen. There's a pub. English style, with pints and everything. And a kitchen. With great food cooked extremely well.
I had a dark n stormy (rum and ginger) and it was just what I wanted to wake me up and see me through the night. Then I had the gnocchi, which was quite simply the best I've ever had. Light, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, wonderfully seasoned with subtle flavors, it was awesome. The salad we shared was simple but great - well dressed and fresh. The burger and salmon also looked very tasty.
It's a good spot and it gets the mixture of drinking hole and restaurant absolutely right. The chef is fantastic and the atmosphere is perfect. Far from a sports bar, it does show the game on the screens so you can keep score without it being intrusive on your night out with buddies.Really 3.5 stars. Pub and Kitchen is tasty, and has a great beer selection but the food menu is limited. There are about 5-6 items of very pricey entrees, and 5-6 more reasonably priced sandwiches. They used to have fish and chips on the menu, but unfortunately this item has been removed. The burger was awesome, and cooked perfectly, although it seemed there was about 1/4 piece of bacon on it. The pulled pork was also really delish and unique, and the coleslaw accompanying it was great, but I wish this came with fries, too. The service was good, but our server checked on us frequently, bordering on uncomfortably too much. I would definitely go back for a beer and a burger, and the company, the best parts of the night!The significant other and I love to visit Pub and Kitchen multiple times per year. It's our go to spot near Rittenhouse during a weekend day to grab a bite to eat and wash it down with a nice beer on tap. I saw some people complain about the pricing, but I think it's pretty reasonable when compared to other places in the city. Love the ambiance (particularly the string lighting) and the service.It's a pretty cool place. Limited beer selection, but it seems to be heavily curated (read: no bad options). Haven't had proper food there, but the wings and fries are awesome. Also, other friends have been big fans of the oysters.favorite meal during my visit in philly. amazing old fashioned, food was super flavorful, staff was incredibly courteous. we came in around midnight and ordered a lot of food, I made a point to ask if the bar closed at 1 or if the kitchen closed at 1, and that brings me to Beth. 
Our waitress, Beth, was so accommodating and sweet. We wanted to hang out with her. She was so attentive but not in an obnoxious way, made sure we were taken care of completely. When I asked if the bar or kitchen closed at 1 she said "the kitchen, but I'll keep the bar open all night if you want!" 
Food was great. We got deviled eggs, beer hall pretzel, whipped brie toast, buffalo wings, and eggplant fries. All super flavorful. They were out of the draught of old fashions but Beth whipped me up something similar and delicious. 
The atmosphere was pretty, the lights and the fixtures were well thought out. Will be back next time I'm in town!I went to Pub and Kitchen a while ago, right after it opened, and I was so not impressed. The place was pretty dead, yet the bartender was still not attentive, and we had to tell him how to make a greyhound, which is a pretty classic cocktail as far as I am concerned. I did however enjoy the whitefish salad snacks at the bar. Anyway, recently I had been hearing a lot of positive things about the place, so I gave it another chance. 
I went for dinner on a Friday night, and there was a half-hour wait for a table, which really isn't bad. My friends and I got cherry bourbon cocktails from the bar, and they were very delicious. When it was time to be seated, it turned out that we had to close that tab before going to our table, which was time consuming and a little annoying.  When we looked at the menu, we were all starving and everything looked really appealing, especially all the vegetables on the side-dish menu. I ordered the English onion soup  (the menu didn't describe it but I asked and was told it is made with pork instead of beef, then topped with English cheddar instead of gruyere), and a side of braised carrots. One friend has gnocchi with squash and brussel sprouts with spinach with cranberries and walnuts, and the other had a cheese plate with mustard green beans. Everything was so good and terribly satisfying. Halfway through dinner I switched from bourbon to the Pub and Kitchen Anniversary Ale, and found that to be yummy as well. In addition to good food, nearly everyone in the place that night was really hot, and they were playing a great mix of music, including two of my favorites, Hot Chip and Phoenix. I really talked a lot of trash about how bad this place was when I went the first time and now I feel like I owe them an apology.The hubs and I stopped by Pub & Kitchen for the first time last Saturday, and enjoyed a lovely evening.  The ambience is great - we sat at the bar and loved the look of it.  It was dark enough to have some good ambiance, but light enough that I could see the menu.  We only had drinks, but they have a nice selection of beers on tap and other adult beverages.
The food seems... interesting?  A little fussy for my taste, and certainly pricey ($18 for a burger!), so I'm not sure we'll go there to eat.  We did, however, smell the french fries that the couple next to us ordered, and they smelled divine.
Great neighborhood place for a drink.First things first, the SANGRIA (fabulous, wonderful, delicious, etc!)
A last minute decision for the boyfriend's birthday turned out to be a WONDERFUL choice! Bells brewery was there and their $40 food & beer pairings were beyond spot on, couldn't compliment them enough on it!
It was the groups first time there and it was a great, close atmosphere to sit close, chat, and share all of the wonderful food! Sometimes there is nothing better then small candle votives, a soft breeze blowing in the open windows, and the true feel of a pub out in the country side.
Everything on the menu was possibly ordered from the cool avocado soup, to the hanger steak, right on down to the macaroni & cheese. Oh, and of course someone ordered the famous burger, and yes, the positive rumors proved true, it was delectable!
A wonderful atmosphere for both the couple looking for a quaint night out and the rowdy group looking to satisfy both hunger and thirst! Only thing I am a bit verklempt about was not being able to sit and have a pint at the bar! Next time though!I've never seen a ruder, more miserable passive-aggressive person operating an establishment in any service industry. Anyone can get a good review or two by spending money with the local shiny-papered lifestyle magazines. What matters is when this wretched man has one of his mood swings and nothing suits him for the rest of the night. 
And that's why I won't ever go to this place again after giving it several chances. Not to mention the restrooms belong at a Gathering of the Juggalos. Condoms unflushed in a toilet, spit (I hope ) all over the mirror, urine all over the floor, pubic hairs in the sinks, and the spray they use to cover it up stinks as bad as the stale urine.
I went here with my significant other several times over the past few years and every time it's the same thing with this guy. Just a real awkward feeling, he explodes on someone for nothing at all. One time he thought my S.O. and I were responsible for bringing smoke into the bar when we just walked in the door. His bar back was on the steps smoking a cigarette, what were we supposed to do? Wait for him to finish ? We are the customers. A competent leader would tell the employee not to smoke at the customer entrance and wouldn't take out his anger on an innocent paying customer.
Poor form, he drags the mood down when he talks about employees and customers behind their back to other customers. Nobody wants to be involved in his problems. That's what this man can't understand. Customers just want food and/or drink. He's not that important. People choose to go elsewhere. I don't want him talking to me about his bartender not doing enough work and causing him to spend the whole evening behind the bar helping out. I don't care. I just want the proper environment for enjoying food and drinks. He isn't a part of that, it sickens me to eat near the man.
He has issues. I don't want him serving or preparing my food or drinks. I just don't trust him. There are so many better choices in that neighborhood.I have decided to land on 4 stars for Pub and Kitchen.
The first experience I ever had there was a 1-star, involving a standoffish waitress, an overcooked $18 hamburger and a lot of angry disappointment.
BUT - my second experience was most definitely a 5-star, in regards to (first and foremost) customer service, food, ambiance and pretty much every other category through which you could judge a gastropub.
So the conclusion here is 4-stars in re:
Service -- depends on the server, but generally friendly, patient, informed, and wearing a nice plaid shirt;
Ambiance -- Cozy and warm;
Food -- When the Churchill Burger is done right - it is done right.  And by right I mean IT TASTES LIKE BONE MARROW RICHNESS HEAVEN.  The Buffalo Chicken Wings might be my favorite thing on the menu.  The Pulled Pork Sandwich sports a decadent layer of swiss cheese that makes the sandwich.  So tasty;
Drink -- "It'll-Do" beer list.  Can't speak to cocktails.Stopped by for dinner during a weekend trip to Philly from NYC. Walked in on a Sat night without a reservation, and the wait was 2 hours long for a party of 4.
My friends and I managed to get seats at the bar, so we just ordered food and beer at the bar instead of waiting 2 hours for a table.
The atmosphere is trendy - The bar area is very long and spacious, but it eventually got really crowded through the evening. I noticed there were maybe only 15-20 dining tables towards the back of the restaurant - goodluck getting seated at a table!
Honey Whiskey Wings - The sauce was sweet, but that's pretty much it. There was no depth in flavor, cant really taste any whiskey in the sauce - nothing too special in my opinion. 
Mussels in Manhattan Clam Chowder - yummy!! i wanted to soak every last drop of the chowder with bread. The mussels also had good flavor.
Disco Fries - I really wanted to like this dish. Handcut fries with peas, ham, chucky cheese sauce and top with a perfectly poached egg. It sounded and looked amazing, but i found the fries too soggy & really greasy. The sauce was bland. It definitely sounded better than it tasted.
Green Beans in almond butter -this side dish was surprisingly wonderful. Probably my favorite dish of the night. The beans were perfectly cooked. Crunchy and seasoned well. The butter sauce was dreamy and I love the touch of almond. Every ingredient in the dish made sense and worked great together.
Lots of beer on tap! Its definitely a good spot for a quick bite and drinks with friends.This place has great atmosphere, great service, and amazing food. I ate the rabbit meatballs and spent the whole time trying to figure out what ingredients contributed to the amazing flavor of the dish. If I could get a seat at the bar I would eat here every day.I went again this past Thursday after dinner at Amis...PnK is usually my favorite place but I was so turned off last night it might be awhile til I head back. 
Three of us were all standing at the bar watching the TV (all star game) and the bartender just up and turned it to some random channel!!! Everyone I was with thought it had to of been a mistake and there was no way that she didn't see us watching!  We ended up not saying anything but someone else must have because within 2 minutes she turned it back....she is the only rude bartender in the whole place...I went here on a Saturday night with high expectations, but was kind of disappointed.  Things started out well: the hostess told us it would be an hour wait, but we got a table within half an hour.  Unfortunately it went downhill from there.  
We ordered the mussels with white wine and lemon. When it arrived after a long wait, the sauce was delicious, but the mussels themselves were a little dried out, like they had been sitting for a while. 
After another looong interval, our entrees finally arrived.  My medium rare burger was medium well at best, which was a huge disappointment, particularly at this place, which seemed like they'd take pride in their burgers!  There was some red juice on the plate, so maybe it was initially medium rare and just sat under the warmer for too long? The fries and pickle were yummy, as were my friend's pulled pork sandwich and fish and chips with mashie peas.  
When I asked the server where my side of brussels sprouts was, he replied, "Oh, the sides have all been coming out way after the entrees."  Um.  If you realize that's happening, maybe someone should fix it.  When they arrived halfway through the meal. they were delicious and steaming hot.  He also never brought me the side of mayo I asked for to go on my burger. 
So, in retrospect, maybe all the problems could be explained by poor service?  Or poor time management in the kitchen?  Either way, it wasn't everything I hoped it'd be!. There are plenty of other better gastropubs in the city!Hard to believe I havent written about this place yet. I have been here a few times both pre and post Eli Collins, and I have to say its still just as good as its always been. They make one of the best bloody marys in the city as well as an always delicious burger. It may have changed a bit, but its still awesome. We took a few friends here to celebrate their engagement recently, and everything really worked out nicely.
We started with a few cocktails, classic mule made with rye for me, and we settled in to a steady conversation of wedding planning and stories of engagement nights. The cocktail was delicious, even with the change from standard vodka in a moscow mule to the rye. The ginger beer and lime combo is bomb.
So many things on the menu caught my eye, but the one we all seemed enticed by was the whiskey and sage bread with ramp butter. We ordered one for the table and I ordered the pulled pork shoulder sandwich. The bread came out warm and covered in a flour "pabbit" the mascot of Pub and Kitchen. It was served on a slate dish with a smear of ramp butter that was deeply satisfying. I could have eaten the entire loaf all by myself. The butter was superb and you could definitely taste the whiskey in the bread.
I was a little bit disappointed when my pulled pork sandwich came out though. When I think of pulled pork, I think BBQ style. Had the sandwich description read porchetta or something of that nature, I would have expected what I got. That being saidm the sandwich was really tasty, an ode to the Philly staple of roast italian pork. It was super messy, I am talking juice running down your arms while you are chomping down messy, but in such a good way. I devoured the entire thing. So tasty. The fries are just as I remembered them, fantastic. They were super crispy.
We even ordered a dessert to share for the table. It was one for the ages, one of the most delicious panna cottas I have ever had. It was a vanilla cardamom panna cotta covered in a mango sauce. It was the most perfectly textured panna cotta I have ever seen. It had just the right amount of jiggle, so that it quivered in its dish when it was set down on the table. The cardamom was just powerful enough to really bring another level of flavor to it, but not overpower the vanilla in any way. Outstanding. Pub and Kitchen is just as good as its ever been. One of my favorite places in the city. Always worth a visit.Excellent vegetarian options, drink menu, and great date night vibes. Used to go often when my partner lived close by, and we are happy to travel across town to visit now!Went here for Brunch on Saturday afternoon. The menu was kind of small and had more lunch choices rather than breakfast where I like an even proportion of both. I ordered the breakfast americana which was good, but nothing extraordinary, but I mean I guess it is kind of hard to make eggs and bacon fabulous. Their fries were delicious though I must say. I wanted to try the Windsor Burger but refrained as I was in a breakfast mood. I hear it is quite delicious and I guess I will have to go back and see.Trendy, slightly hidden, sophisticated eating and drinking establishment.  They actually knew what a Vesper was when my dad order it and they killed it.  The burger was one of the better burgers I have had in my life...and I have eaten a good amount of burgers.This place was no better than OK. The drinks and apps were fine. I got the chicken sandwich for my main course. I did not think a bad chicken sandwich was a thing but I guess I was wrong. It was inedibleAmazing service, food, happy hour specials. All around great vibe, really nice outdoor sidewalk seating.A pleasant enough experience. We arrived quite early (4pmish) for dinner and the place was empty, as expected. I was hoping for a nice leisurely, long, conversation-oriented meal, since I was with a dining companion I hadn't seen in months. Unfortunately because they were slow they bothered the heck out of us-- we had ordered the thai chili mussels (fantastic) and the truffle fries (also great) to share, and then the pulled pork sandwich (messy but good!)-- now I know we were eating slowly but they came back a grand total of SEVEN times to check on us while we were eating the apps to see if we were ready for the sandwich. I mean, come on guys, I know it's sitting there waiting under the heat lamp but try to make it a little less obvious to me, please. 
At one point (although this could have been because I was drinking...) I even observed 3-4 employees standing in the corner just WATCHING us. A little privacy, maybe? Eventually the place started filling up so we got what we wanted. But by then we were ready to go. However, somebody must have recognized my date so they brought out a dessert on the house, and then the server proceeded to have a 5 minute conversation with him about his workplace and the people he knows. Awkward and irritating for me, to say the least. 
But the food was good, the bathroom was clean, and the indie music choices were refreshingly appropriate for this 20-something. I'd return but I'm too busy trying everywhere else in the city too, know what I mean?I've always really liked the ambiance at the bar here, and the other night I had wonderful table service outside for dinner.  The cheeseburger is really good, and their seasonal selections are always creative and delicious.  Plus, when the weather is nice they open the side windows and it's nice to sit both outside or inside by the windows.  Great neighborhood spot!Yum!  The steak was as delicious as the duck and perfectly cooked.  It came with these little hash brown squares that were some of the most delicious potato things I've ever had.  The menu changes seasonally, so they'll probably have something else on the menu, but it's sure to be delicious.  The service is good as well as the drinks.  Everything is casual and cozy.  Great place to meet up with friends or a date for dinner and a drink.I've been here so many times in the past year, I definitely thought I had already written a review! This is one of my favorite places not just within the Graduate Hospital neighborhood, but in the whole city. 
I've had dinner here with friends, with family, for business, for just a quick bite, for more formal occasions and I've popped in for just a couple cocktails a number of times...  I've never had a bad experience -- with drinks, with food or with service.
I actually like that they don't take reservations because then I have just as much a chance of getting dinner here last minute on a Friday or Saturday night as anyone else would. The servers & bartenders are well versed on the menu; they're usually able to answer any questions on the spot without having to step away and "find out." 
It gets noisy - upstairs is much quieter, although still not totally peaceful.The dishes were a bit salty for my taste. The drinks, on the other hand, are definitely the forte of this place. Loved the ambience and laid back atmosphere.My boyfriend and I are in town for the Eagles game. We checked into our Airbnb rental and searched for a place to eat. We saw we were super close to pub and kitchen. We were greeted and seated immediately although the restaurant was packed. Waiter was very knowledgeable about the food. We ordered the cheese platter to start and then split the beer battered sandwich and they P&K burger. None of which disappointed. Food was delicious and service on point. Would definitely return!!I don't know why they don't still sell my favorite dish... The Brussels with lamb bacon seriously haunt me they are so good!! I think about them any time anyone serves Brussels. This place is adorable and I love it here, whether it's breakfast, lunch, dinner, or grabbing a drink. Eat outside and enjoy the flowers and the people watching. Sit at the bar under the beautiful strings of lights. This place is awesome!!!