Came here on a Friday evening. The restaurant was fairly packed and we were lucky to get a reservation.
Started the meal off with the escargot and seared scallops. Both were excellent dishes and set our expectations even higher. I was quite disappointed they did't have the seared foei gras that night.
The main course is where it all fell apart. I ordered the duck confit, and it was just bad. The duck was overly salty. The duck was also overly fatty, and the side dishes did no saving grace. Totally not worth the price. 
To top it all off, considering the prices, why is this place cash only? Do you expect me to walk around with $100 bills in my wallet?The food here is among the best I've had in Philly.  My gf and I each ordered the $65 tasting menu (which was not on the regular menu)...I had only heard about it from reading reviews on Yelp.  Despite being expensive, it was phenomenal, and the portions were massive for a tasting menu.  The service was pretty good, as was the atmosphere.  As a very small restaurant with seating capacity of about 30 or so people, I wouldn't recommend for large groups.  However, if you're going on a date, and food is of top priority, this should be near the top of your list.Had a great birthday dinner with a bunch of girlfriends. Everyone enjoyed the menu. The pumpkin were my favorite and I can't wait to go back for then.This is a unique restaurant in that their menu is a 5 course prix fixe menu that changes on a weekly basis. It's $45 per person. The dishes are small and dainty, but it does fill you up after 5 courses. The only thing I didn't like was that there is only one option (as in you don't have a say) with some of the courses. But for other courses, they'll let you choose between 2 different options. I had a chocolate mousse dessert here that was probably the best dessert I've ever had in my life. If your mouth can have an orgasm- this dessert gave me one. I also loved the cozy and intimate atmosphere- the entire restaurant only seats 26 people. Great place to come with a date, but not so much with a group of friends.After careful research, my party of 6 choose Pumpkin for our NYE dinner. I have been here multiple times before and always been impressed with the fresh flavors and execution of the dishes. The $50 tasting menu for this event was well thought out although some courses shined more than others. Here is the breakdown:
As per usual, Pumpkin nailed the opening soup. This particular sweet potato was a perfect combination of flavors and reminded me of the creamy winter vegetable soup I dream of. There was ground up pumpernickel to add some texture to this rich bowl of goodness. The next course was an individual seared scallop which was somewhat of a letdown. Mine was not seared as nicely as others at the table and although truffles were a component, there were very few if any. For an additional $10 I added a sweetbreads course which drew mixed reviews from my party. I have only had sweetbreads once before, but these were less tender and more chewy. The main course brought me back to where I usually am at Pumpkin with a perfectly cooked duck breast. See my picture, it was perfect and complemented nicely with the crunchy grilled endive. I finished with cheesecake which was better than average but not that memorable (or maybe the gratuitous amount of BYOBing had set in at this point).
The service was 5 stars as per usual. Someone broke a glass and it was no big deal. I understand that restaurants make their money on these gimmick event nights but overall for my $60 plus tip I had hoped for a little more at a BYOB (a single scallop as a course in particular was a let down). Nonetheless I highly recommend this little neighborhood graduate hospital South Street joint and make sure you do not miss whatever soup they are offering!My sweetheart had a pork chop that was overcooked.  I had fish, which was a mighty small portion for a lot of $$.  Service was good and the ambiance is sweet.  Glad we checked it out, as I've walked by a zillion times.  But we won't be back.  Too many great restaurants in Philly where you can get a great meal, and a bigger bang for our buck.This small, almost nook of a restaurant pride themselves on preparing full gourmet meals - emphasizing local fresh meats and produce.  And the tiny interior has been very carefully designed as a marriage of homey intimacy with upscale dining.  The decor signals romantic casual dining, but draws a dress-for-dinner crowd (there is no jacket requirement).  If only the food were as piquant as the setting.
The menu is undoubtedly gourmet. It changes on a daily basis to reflect the chef's recent shopping.  Bravo.  But what does not change is the penchant of the chef to destroy his preparations with salt.  I had the saltiest rissotto in memory here.  And therein lies the fundamental problem with this romantic BYOB;  the basic ideas are truly of-the-moment, but the finish lacks, well, finish.  
A creative chef has no room to mask technical deficiencies, and seasoning is what is unmasked at Pumpkin.  The ingredients and the recipes promise far more than what is being delivered.  Not all dishes are deserving of this somewhat harsh criticism, but gourmet fare cannot afford to be hit or miss, especially at prices rivaling even stalwart local gourmet cuisine. 
The waitstaff is entirely average at best, giving a somewhat affected performance that actually interferes with rather than embellishes the dining experience.  Being aloof about the food is unjustified, and spilling water on me and my food is simply unacceptable.
The menu is priced aggressively high, with a seating running easily into the $40-$50 range (including and depending on the wine(s) you bring).  But then, that also increases the odds that your dinner companions at other tables, who will be sitting on your elbows, if not in your ear, share your values for a dining experience.
I would not discourage spending an evening at Pumpkin - it is a bright spot in what seems to be a neighborhood renaissance.  And the basic ideas that are being nurtured in this fresh genuinely gourmet restaurant may yet blossom. But for now, this is a night of adventure, rather than a regular visit.Overpriced- food was okay. The waitress was wayyyy over the top and loud in the small, quiet restaurant. Will not be back.Place was very cramped. We went for our anniversary and sat inches from another table. Service was exceptional, but we felt like we were being rushed through our meal. Food was pretty good. Not exceptional, but good.My fav restaurant in Philly! I went for my birthday dinner and was very impressed... Great food, great service... And my hubs and I were the last ones in the place and not once did we feel rushed. I will be back again!First dish, super. Doubt crept in if the entree could be as good. It was better!! Then dessert, and I'm not even a sweet tooth! A definite must!!!4 stars.. but since when is 17th and South considered Rittenhouse Sq.?I ate here for the first time a month ago and loved it! It was my favorite meal I have had in Philadelphia in a long time. I can't wait to go back!Always a fine dining experience. We usually come for the Sunday tasting menu. My husband is vegetarian and they always adjust the offerings for him. The food is always prepared beautifully, with great flavor and beautiful presentation. Pumpkin has some of the best trained servers of any restaurant in Philly. They are attentive, not overbearing and always very nice. Top marks!! I have been here about a dozen times and have never had a bad experience, always great meal and a great time overall.Very good food, great casual service, nice ambience. Feels like we ate in a nice family's living room with some other strangers. All of the dishes were excellent. The gnocchi app, pork belly and lamb shank were excellent and something I would go back for. Menu changes, but I am sure everything is good. The Panna Cotta was excellent with a nice tart fruit sorbet and fresh rasberries.
Pros:  They take reservations! BYOB, great food. nice portions. Excellent service.
Cons: Not any great bars in the immediate area, but within 4 blocks. NitpickingJanuary 19,2015
Pumpkin Restaurant
1713 South Street
Philadelphia, PA 19146
Management and Staff,
I was made aware of a post related to a Social Networking site made about your restaurant recently last evening that had my name associated with it.
I am a foodie and a business owner/CEO for over 20 years of a reputable business that provides restaurant, hotel and travel venue reviews, critiques and plans for rebranding and addressing shortfalls identified by our reviewers. My business or I have never been to Pumpkin and have no preconceived opinions of Pumpkin. I or we have NOT posted a review or opinion in any capacity regarding Pumpkin.
I after doing some research and communicating with a Social Media Security Team identified that my personal page and a page for a charity I have worked with for many years had been violated and communications had been made that were not authorized or originated from my office or home computers tablets or cell phones. Immediately both sites have been shut down in an effort to cease further unauthorized access.
I sincerely apologize for any offensive and or inaccurate information that was posted under our name. I assure you that immediate and swift legal action will be taken when the offenders are identified.
Sincerely and Respectfully,
Jerry F. ColemanI went to Pumpkin for New Years Eve.  The service was good and the servers were nice.  I also really liked the look of the place.  It was a $75 tasting menu, so it wasn't absurd, but it also wasn't cheap either.  Unfortunately, the food was just bad.
The shrimp cassoulet had a very strong fishy taste. For better or worse, it was just two shrimp which is more than a little stingy. Next was a cheese course which was Ok.  It was a soft cheese that I really didn't like, but as it was a tasting menu, I was stuck with it. Then I had the bass, which was Ok and was really a rather small portion.  Then finally dessert was Ok.
Like I said, I really wanted to like Pumpkin but the food just isn't very good and being so stingy with the portions really isn't excusable for the price they were charging.Wow. One of the best dinners I have had in Philly. It's a very small, intimate space, which I actually loved. The wait staff was so attentive (it's almost guaranteed with such a small space!), very much accommodating to our party, and the food was superb. There were some new ingredients in my dish, which was fun! I had the scallop dish that came with this new vegetable I have never tried, can't remember the name but it looked like a succulent, and it looked like it was going to be dry but it was crispy, juicy, and so so delicious.I always wanted to try Pumpkin but my boyfriend already ate there and didn't like it.  Last Friday I decided to book a table there regardless.  I'm so happy I did and so is my boyfriend.  Pumpkin is a cute little place with lots of charm and personality.  The menu changes very often so I'm not sure if the description of the dishes is very helpful.  Anyways we ordered Spanish rock octopus, escargot, risotto and steak.  All four items were amazing.  I always order octopus if it's on the mane and this one was the best I've ever tried.  I would normally give 5 stars for this kind of experience but I had to take one star for the sides.  I think it's outrages to charge $8 for a raw sliced tomato with some sea salt.Great food, great service, good atmosphere, really attractive prices. In fact, the only thing that separates Pumpkin from the surfeit of BYOs in Philly is the menu pricing.  Amy and I went for dinner on 5/16/10. Good friend recently started working there. Very small space. Highly intimate. Expect to make new acquaintances unless you are seated along the east wall. Because it was a last-minute decision, we got there for 930p res and had to sit wedged between the kitchen and bathroom. Not ideal, but we knew we were in for it when we walked in, so no big deal. As soon as the place cleared out a bit we were moved to another table in the middle of the room. Service was very friendly and fast. Food was great. The gnocchi suffered from heavy saucing. They are little morsels of creamy goodness; they stand up just fine and don't need all the different embellishments. Nevertheless, very good for $12. I had the trout. Superb. De-boned, perfectly cooked, and the skin was crisp and delicious. Could have used a little lemon wedge and a few more capers. Amy had the scallops, which were also excellent. We passed on desert but were tempted by the flourless choc cake with banana ice cream.A great BYOB for a special occasion. 
Pumpkin is a farm to table restaurant with a constantly changing menu. There aren't too many options to choose from, but everything is incredibly fresh and very well prepared. 
The skate wing had a beautiful crisped skin and was perfectly seasoned. It was served on a bed of greens with fruit and turnip garnish. Amazing. 
The pork chop was one of the best I've ever had: juicy, tender, very flavorful. 
Dessert was great as well. Beautifully presented and the perfect amount of sweetness!
Can't wait to come back!I came here with a friend for Restaurant Week, and everything was way beyond my highest expectations.
I have a dairy allergy and only briefly mentioned it to the server to double-check the ingredients: our server went above and beyond to accomodate me, even switching out the dessert for sorbet instead of the price-fixe options without me asking. 
The food, though, was so good. My favorites would have to be the heirloom tomato salad (so amazingly fresh) and the arctic char with saffron. I don't know what addictive element they put in that food, but I will definitely be coming back. Unlike the other reviewers, I had a sizable portion of char and my friend had a good portion of the long island duck (which she also enjoyed). 
The space is very small, but not overly loud-I couldn't hear any particular conversation around me and the whole restaurant was incredibly inviting. Obviously not for groups, but I'd recommend it in a heartbeat for a date night.Good stuff. I took a local friend here as a thank you for letting my partner and I stay at his place. I love the BYOB concept! Fun!
Anyway. Food was quite good. Not terribly expensive, and generously portioned. My flatiron steak was quite huge and good. Service was casual, informative and decent. I am writing this review from memory however. I dined there about 4 years ago. The fact I can remember this much is a good sign.
I would go back.My husband and I had dinner at Pumpkin on 5/18/18.  As on previous occasions, the food was delicious!  My only complaint would be that we were the second table to arrive and they sat us directly next to the first table to arrive, when the rest of the restaurant was otherwise completely empty.  I don't understand why restaurants don't space out the patrons more.  This couple was very loud and obviously had been drinking before they arrived, and it was hard to hold a conversation with my husband with a couple of loud people one foot away.  Totally unnecessary when there were a half dozen two-tops empty throughout the restaurant during most of our meal!  I don't blame the restaurant for the loud people but do blame them for seating us one foot apart when the rest of the restaurant was empty!I made a reservation in April for my girlfriend's birthday dinner.  It was on a Sunday so we were there for the 5 course fixed menu.  I had heard good things about Pumpkin, so my expectations were on the high side.  Things started well.  We were seated when we arrived.  The server was nice enough, but seemed somewhat harried and hectic.  In my opinion, the soup course was a very poor choice by the chef.  Chilled leek soup would be splendid on a hot or even warm day.  But it was 40-45 degrees outside!  I don't remember specifically what we had for our entrees as this was 8 months ago, but I recall the server forgot my special request for a discreet acknowledgement of my girlfriend's birthday with a candle or something with her dessert.  I was disappointed.  This along with the chilled soup selection, and the hectic feeling/average service, left me feeling like there is no reason to give Pumpkin another chance.  There are simply too many other great BYOBs around.This restaurant had small pretentious portions that did not taste very good. This is BYO which we didn't know and also didn't take credit cards. I would never go back.I've lived in the neighborhood and have been wanting to try pumpkin for a while and am so happy that I finally did! It's super quant on the inside. The whole restaurant probably seats around 20 people. We went for their Sunday prix fine menu where they serve you 5 courses for $45. It was a good deal and we were able to eat a lot of food! The food was tasty. Two of the dishes we LOVED and 3 of them were good but nothing special. This is a great date night spot! Would definitely recommend.Finally got to check out Pumpkin BYO a couple weeks back, went with some of my girl friends for restaurant week. 
Have to say was a bit disappointed, mostly because I have heard nothing but great things about this place. Almost everyone I mentioned to that I was going here for restaurant week responded back that they were jealous and how great it was. So, I went in with very high expectations. 
I was presented with a dinner that was good, but just not great. The restaurant itself is cute and cozy, maybe 10 tables max. They definitely need to get a wind stopping alcove to the front door, because the spot is so small that no matter where you are sitting you are getting blasted with icy cold air every time the door is opened.
They were on time for our reservation and service was very good, no complaints at all there.
The appetizer I chose was a squid stew which was very interesting and I was impressed with the amount of seafood in the appetizer dish, especially for restaurant week. The flavor just wasn't doing it for me tho unfortunately, something a little off but I couldn't identify it. My friend ordered the white bean pasta app and that was much better (and my second choice, I was kicking myself for passing up on that one). I ordered the fish entree, can't remember now exactly which fish it was but I imagine it was intended to be a flakey white fish. I say this because despite being perfectly seared on the outside, it was completely raw on the inside. I don't mind rare at all, in fact one of my biggest complaints about dining is that I can almost never get my steak rare enough to my taste, but this was even a tad too much for me. I tried the steak which is what everyone else at the table ended up ordering, and it was fine but nothing noteworthy there. The dessert was great, I chose the lemon custard with citrus it was really fantastic. I am not usually a dessert person, so speaks to how good that dessert was, but also I feel like the dessert shouldn't be memorable as the best part of the meal. 
Glad I finally got to check this place out, and at $35 RW price and BYO it was definitely worth checking out but not likely I will seek it out again. 
PS Cash only!This is a review for the Sunday prix fixe menu. My girlfriend and I had been meaning to go for a while, I'm so glad we finally did! Even for such a small place making a reservation just a few days before wasn't an issue (a week ahead of time and you'll probably have any time/day you want).
It was cute inside and nice, yet still casual enough (including the music) that it didn't feel too uppity. Perfect for a date or meal with a couple friends (wouldn't recommend a big group; the dining area is quite small).
Can't recommend the 5 course prix fixe enough! We started with the autumn squash soup (could've eaten 3 bowls) and then shared the mushroom risotto (fantastic) & swordfish dishes. Third course was a broccoli dish with arugula and lemon which I actually enjoyed even more than I thought I would. Fourth course we both opted for the pork belly (favorite dish of the night) though I should add it is quite fatty. At one point I had a forkful of just fat so I chose not to eat that but the meat was tremendous and tender. I had the chocolate cake with coffee ice cream and my girlfriend had the lemon posset; both right up our respective alleys and both delicious! For $45/person with coffee included it was such a good deal! We both left feeling full, but not stuffed. Only prep needed was a bottle of wine and a stop at the ATM.
Service was friendly and attentive, atmosphere was warm and casual as I said before. Love that they use seasonal ingredients & rotate the menu so I'm looking forward to re-visiting for sure!Also underwhelmed. There were two other parties when we got there, and they were both loud enough to be heard over the music, which was indy-alternative with plenty of guitar distortion. The restaurant can't help that patrons were talking loudly about how high they were the last weekend, or how the person who wrote a recent text message (read over dinner) is a "f****ing c****t"... but the music wasn't conducive to relaxing. I'm assuming the table who was discussing being high was friends with someone in the kitchen because the waiter told them their meal was comped by the chef... is this, then, a typical crowd for Pumpkin?
A small menu with not a poultry option on it. We had escargot and octopus, both good enough; for entrees, pork rib and spanish mackerel, also good. Everything was "good" but fell short of what I'd expect for the price ($100 for two before tip - cash only). Service was very kind and attentive, probably the best aspect of the restaurant.
I wouldn't return. It seemed like a place that neighborhood hipsters would go for an expensive meal.This was a pleasant surprise.  The food was very creative, delicious and we all enjoyed a wonderful meal.Pumpkin is one of the hot spots right now for BYOB. It's located in a small cramped space on South Street. The first thing I noticed was the small menu, it's good in that the chef tries to only make dishes with fresh ingredients, but bad in that it seriously limits your dining options. What I most remember was the good sauces that accompanied the decent cooking: my quail had a nice balsamic reduction and scallops had a saffron vermouth sauce. The wait staff was a little pushy, but all in all it was a good meal and definitely has a different sort of a menu than some of the other BYOs around.As soon as we got home from our $45 five-course Sunday dinner, we made another reservation for next month. We have walked past this restaurant hundreds of times yet never thought to dine here. In our post-holiday malaise, we decided to give it a go. I'm so glad that we did!
The dining experience was delightful in every way. The five courses were perfectly balanced and well paced. There wasn't a thing I tried that I didn't like: roasted beet and kale, a soft and favorful cheese, a complicated carrot dish, and the most perfectly cooked duck I have ever tasted. The atmosphere was also really relaxing and inviting-- the servers were very warm and welcoming, the lighting was dim and romantic but not too dark, and their music playlist was fun and upbeat but not distracting.
If I ever owned a restaurant, I would want it to be exactly like this one-- I wouldn't change a thing. It's no wonder they have been open for over a decade; they have perfected their craft.I really wanted to give Pumpkin 5 stars because their food is soooo tasty!  This is a chef that clearly has amazing chops and is very talented.  My husband and I shared smoked quail as our appetizer, and it was one of the most delicious dishes I have ever eaten.  We also both really enjoyed our entrees and the flourless chocolate cake dessert that we shared.
So, my reason for the 4 star review?  Well, I'll reiterate some of what other people have said.  It's very inconvenient to have to pay cash at such a pricey restaurant (and I can understand for people who just drop in and don't know that it's a cash-only establishment, how frustrating that would be).  The dining room is small and feels cramped because of how many tables/chairs are crammed in there.  And the portion sizes are TINY.  I know this isn't Applebees, so I wasn't expecting tubs of soup or 16 oz steaks, but for what they charge, they should give more generous portion sizes.  For those reasons, I can't give Pumpkin 5 stars, but I would definitely go back!Service: HORRIBLE. The reason for only two stars is pretty much because of the service (and the fact that I've heard awesome things about the food, but I was not impressed).  Five of my girlfriends and I came on a Saturday night and had 8:45 reservations, but were not seated until 9:00.  Once seated, the waiter nicely opened our wine for us and gave us time to look at the menu.  He finally came back to take our order and my friend asked if the chef could possibly make sure that none of what she ordered is placed anywhere near the hazelnut dish that they had on the menu that night (my friend is severely allergic to hazelnuts). The waiter then processed to say "well I haven't killed anyone yet, so I'm sure you'll be fine." I'm sorry, WHAT? Actually, she could definitely die if anything that she ate was close to a hazelnut, but thanks for your concern douche.  
Our food came out in a reasonable time, but the waiter forgot one of our sides which came out and was disgusting (see the butternut squash review below). Once we were done our dinners, the server cleared the table and we proceeded to enjoy our wine and have the usual after dinner girl talk. Around 10:45, we were having a good conversation and a random server came out and started clearing ALL of our water and wine glasses.  I mean EVERYTHING. I had wine left in my glass and he grabbed it from in front of me stating, "I just want to get all of these in the dishwasher thanks." Again. IM SORRY WHAT? 
It was now 11:15 and the restaurant doesn't close until 12:00.  I then asked for my glass back and we all finished the rest of the wine by sharing from this one glass since but cleared everyone else's.  At this point I was going to stay until 12:00am on the dot just because I was so annoyed.  The kicker was  around 11:40 when our server brought us our jackets and said, "I am just going to put these on the table behind you." 
We finally decided to chug our wine and get the F out. Needless to say, I will not be going back there and believe that this place is completely overrated. 
Food: JUST OK. The appetizers were pretty good. We shared the mussels and the burrata. The mussels were amazing actually, but burrata was eh. We also ordered the roasted butternut squash as a side, which was not good. It  tasted sour and honestly there was no one at the table who didn't spit it out. 
As for entrees, two of my friends ordered the sea bass, which they believed was undercooked and in a weird red sauce. Two of us had the steak, which was probably the best entree out of them all. The sear was amazing.  I also  tasted the pork dish that my friend got and had good flavor, but I wasn't overly impressed. Anyway, I really don't write a lot of reviews on here, but felt I needed to considering how excited I was to eat here and how disappointed I am now.Went last night with a friend.
I went a few years ago, but loved it much more the second time around. What a cozy place
We split pumpkin ghnocci-so amazing!
Both got the hanger steak-amazing as well
me: pumpkin poundcake over carmel sauce-ok
friend-flourless cake-good
both got coffee
meal was $90 for everything, not too bad! Service was great! and was pretty crowded for a thursday night in todays economy! only one table was empty (i am sure reservations were for later)So I've been to Pumpkin a few times and it's been delicious...however, that was when they kept my reservation and let us sit down! I was absolutely appalled last night when I went there for dinner. For WEEKS, two of my besties and myself had planned to go to dinner here at 6pm. Our original dinner was for last week but we had to move the reservation to this week- no biggie. We logged onto OPENTABLE change the reservation, got a confirmation number, and figured we were set. This past weekend, my friend "S" that made the reservation got a confirmation phone call. On monday, my other friend "B" called pumpkin to double check the reservation and ask about an OPENTABLE dining cheque. ALL WAS SET! I arrive at 5:57 on Tuesday, December 4th, with a bottle of riesling in my hand and a wad of cash to spend. I was told that there was no reservation under "S". Okay...I said i'd wait til the other two ladies got here and maybe it was under a different name. One minute later, "S" walks in and asks about the reservation. The semi-nice hostess said that there wasn't a reservation under her name. THEN a really rude and snarky wait-staff member barges in on the conversation and with her nose in the air says "Was it through open table? Sometimes those reservation time out and we don't get the reservation." REALLY? We got a confirmation email, code, call AND we called to double check. They told us that we could have a table until 7:15 so we sat down and debated on whether to have apps here or just go to another place all together. We decided to go to another place all together and when we left the hostess said "Come visit us another time." Right...when pigs fly. Normally I wouldn't be so upset about this, however, they just blatantly lied to us and I'm sure that one of their cronies slipped them a hunnie and wanted a table at 7:30 so they bumped our reservation. They made NO effort to reconcile the situation and I was thoroughly disappointed. Thank you FRIDAY, SATURDAY, SUNDAY for an AMAZING dining experience last night!Everything just clicked. My birthday happens to be on a Monday it blows I know but my gals and the staff @ pumpkin made this a very special night . 
The space has limited seating so resevrvations are a must!
5 courses came and went balanced flavors, beautiful presentation,and impeccable service made me fall in food love with pumpkin .
I arrived a little after my reservation time but they held our table and made us feel welcome. Our 1st bottle (moet) was popped and ready to go.. Flutes filled with the bubbly nectar .our other bottles of white were chilled until we were ready for them.
The gazpacho is served in an artsy way the components  of almonds,flowers, a grape sorbet served as a base for the velvety broth of avocado a pea. Though not my favorite course the soup was very good I Just think there were too many elements involved.
The shrimp app was amazing. There were a few additions to the plate but the Greek yogurt was my favorite. Another friend had the escargot - she enjoyed them very much. Carrots and beets two ways a beet cake , grilled beet an foie gras foam . 
My skate was divine, chipolini oinions and potatoes . The skate was perfectly cooked; flaky , moist ,seasoned well . Very good hit of the night .
Two friends got pork tenderloin and they enjoyed it very much.
Dessert was a sweet ending to an amazing meal. Let's discuss the ohhhs and ahhhs goat cheese - cheesecake , and chocolate cake mmmmm! (see the pics for all your salivation needs).
Our service was Attentive and our gracious hosts put a candle on my desert plate . I'm very glad I chose pumpkin as my birthday dinner venue. 
It exceeded all my hopes !Love this place. Calamari was an excellent app. Short ribs are tender and juicy. Flour-less Chocolate cake with ice cream was the perfect dessert.Incredible dinner. Everything was delicious and the chef worked with my food allergies with no problem. He even made a special hot dessert for me and was so excited to do it. One of the best meals I've had in Philly!My siblings and I took our parents out to Pumpkin for their 35th anniversary dinner and we had a great meal and a fun time.  Pumpkin opens at 5:30 on Sat and that's when we arrived; we were the first people in the restaurant so it was nice and quiet (good for my parents -- dad wears hearing aids and mom has some sensitivity to loud noises).
There were 5 of us, and 5 appetizers and 5 entrees on the menu -- so we ordered everything! (also 4 desserts, we ordered those too)  We also drank about 4 bottles of wine between us, so excuse me if I forget some of the details on the food. :)
Appetizers = uniformly delicious
-scallops were cooked perfectly and had a bean puree
-mixed green salad incl. arugula was fresh and tasty with toasted almonds and a creamy cheese
-octopus confit with pipperade and yukon gold potatoes -- very tasty, and a different way to eat octopus than I had before
-quail stuffed with prosciutto and a bunch of vegetables  with a pistachio pesto -- very tasty; none of us had had quail before
-sweetbreads cooked with asparagus -- this was the winner of the night -- again, none of us had had sweetbreads before and they were incredible!
Entrees = mixed
-tilefish with polenta cake, swiss chard, and some other veggies -- this was the worst of the dinner entrees because the tilefish was pretty bland
-new york strip steak -- unfortunately the seasoning was off and the texture was kinda rubbery -- very weird for steak
-pan-roasted chicken with spring vegetables -- simple, tasty, but not terribly exciting
-salmon with risotto, spring peas, and mushrooms -- the salmon was cooked perfectly and the flavors of the peas and mushrooms just popped!  I wasn't a big fan of the risotto but everyone else liked it
-lamb t-bone with goat cheese gnocchi -- the best of the entrees -- lamb was fantastic
Desserts = fairly good
-panna cotta with cherry confit -- the panna cotta was pretty bland and the cherries were the only thing that saved it
-flourless chocolate hazelnut cake with coffee ice cream -- I didn't like this but everyone else loved it
-apple rhubarb crisp with vanilla ice cream -- very tart but tasty
-goat cheese cheesecake with candied pineapple -- best dessert!
Portions are smallish so it was easy for everyone to eat all of this food, plus bread with garlic oil, and drink 4 bottles of wine, and then stumble down South St.  As noted by other reviewers, you probably shouldn't even come here if you are a vegetarian.  My dad doesn't eat pork and there was only one dish that he couldn't have (the quail appetizer).
Overall we had a great experience.  Our server, Mori, was knowledgeable about everything although at times she did have a bit of an attitude.  The rest of my family thought their coffee was horrible, which was a bit of a downside.  But this place is still 5 stars for the experience of getting to eat carefully prepared, local, delicious food.  Plus, how often do you get to order the whole menu?  I highly recommend Pumpkin for special occassions.Great place to take a gf/wife but I reckon the small space and quiet ambiance would not work well for a first date. 
The food was great. An app, two entrees, and a desert set us back $75 + tip. 
We started our meal with the wonderful pumpkin gnocchi (that actually tasted like pumpkin). I enjoyed the hanger steak while she enjoyed the trout. Both meals were prepared, portioned, and presented perfectly. 
Desert was a special treat - a small chocolate cake with passion fruit sorbet, strawberries, and granola. The combination was spectacular - ad that's coming from someone who isn't a big fan of deserts! 
This place supposedly changes the menu nightly and you won't know what's on until 4pm that day. While that makes planning a reservation difficult, this nice BYOB is worth checking out. It's not over the top and the perfectly portioned entrees will satisfy your palate. 
Oh, and be sure to bring enough cash for desert.BLOWN AWAY. Service was fantastic--I called to say we'd be late and they said they could accommodate us whenever we got there. And they were super polite, helpful, and full of smiles all night. But the food. Wow. It was. Just. So. Yum. Warm and crusty bread with olive oil and garlic was a great snack. The scallops app with chorizo in black squid ink sounds busy and conflicting but it was a symphony of lovely flavors and textures. Scallops were cooked and seasoned perfectly. We also had the escargots with veggies--those veggies included ramps and fiddlehead ferns. They don't skimp here. And the fish may have been the best I've ever had. Swordfish with carrots and peas. Sounds simple but was complex, delicate, and brimming with flavor. The carrots came cooked and raw--with coriander and cumin, and with chili powder and both were an amazing accompaniment to the perfectly-cooked fish. Peas were also whole, and pureed. Again, flavors and textures melted well. And the peanut butter pot de creme was decadent but not too heavy and overly delicious. As it's BYO, price was much lower than what you;'d get in a comparable restaurant with a liquor license. But for the quality, price was s till low. Can't wait to try the Sunday night tasting menu... or just do dinner again.Fantastic food at this little establishment. Reservations are a must, as it is very small. It has a very nice, cozy, reclaimed wood feel to it, and is BYOB. This place, sadly, is NOT vegetarian friendly, not even the appetizers had a selection without some type of meat in it. So, I got the skate as my entree and it was some of the best fish I've ever tasted in my life. Perfectly prepared and presented, and a reasonable portion for a restaurant of this type. Had the goat cheese cheesecake as a dessert, and it was very good as well, but I thought my dessert portion was a little on the small side. All in all a very nice dining experience, perfect if you want to celebrate something special, and just feeling like having a classy night out, without going over the 100 dollar price point for two.I would be so bold as to say that Pumpkin was the best restaurant week experience I've had to date.
The restaurant is absolutely adorable.  I regularly bike past Pumpkin with going-out-to-dinner envy on my way home from work.  It's cuter on the inside than it is on the outside.  I like how cozy it is.  BYO?  Even better.
Our service was some of the best I've ever had.  Our waitress, Jackie, was helpful, attentive (but not obnoxious) and so fun.  She sealed the 5 star deal experience.
The amouse bouche was unlike anything I've ever had and totally perfect.  All of the restaurant week apps were amazing and generously portioned with the favorites being the sweet potato veloute that they pour at the table and bucheron cheese.  We got one of each of the entrees but the white bean and porcini ragout stands out as being quite possibly one of the best things I've ever eaten.  As for the desserts I'm one of those weirdos that hates ice cream and doesn't really care for cheesecake but I had the white chocolate goat cheese cheesecake and it was drool worthy.
Restaurant week wins this time- I'll definitely be back regardless of restaurant week status because Pumpkin rules.4 for ambience. 2 for food. 3 for service. The food is not memorable. It's decorated nicely but nothing wows me unfortunately. I've had better.Pumpkin is a cozy, intimate little BYO that I should have tried a long time before now. Yumm.
I went last night, to try the $35 5-course tasting menu they offer on Sundays. The menu is small, but that is because it changes daily, to leverage the freshest offerings--and that comes across quite clearly.
The dishes are elegant, innovative, and beautifully presented. The combination of flavors is somewhat deceptive: they're very clean and seemingly simple, but the layers of tastes come through on cue to reveal their true complexity. Kids, don't try this at home--you'll want to, but leave it to the experts.
My 5 last evening: 
=roasted vegetable soup
=waluu (fish) appetizer which came with something-I-can't-remember and chorizo (which I left off, since I don't eat meat. This is an opportune time to mention how accommodating the kitchen is)
=mixed green salad with beets, goat cheese, and a hazelnut viniagrette
=a trout more reminiscent of delicate salmon with minced apples and a meyer lemon sauce, atop lentils
=pumpkin cake dulce de leche... this was the only item I didn't love. The cake was good, but dry.
Full disclosure, my long-lost cousin is a server here... but I think she'd be just as attentive to all of you.
Note: Cash only!!Excellent dinner overall. Food was tasty, service was attentive and courteous, and the place felt cozy. Entrée portions quite large. I recommend it.Excellent food. The mussels were some of the best I ever tasted. All the entrees were cooked perfectly. The decor was nice and intimate but a little small.  Service was outstanding. A new favorite!Put this BYOB on your list.
Our Sunday five course began with cauliflower soup.  The soup came with scallops that my wife enjoyed, but I am allergic to.  A little greens, pine nuts, and raison added interest, but the soup base needed pepper and/ or some other spice. By itself, it was bland. Our second course was bass over mushroom ragout, and polenta.  This was a nice blend of textures and flavors.  A beet, lettuce, yogurt salad followed.  Here was a combination that benefitted from the tart yogurt dancing with the sweet beets.  My fourth course was pork belly over caramelized onions and root vegetables.  The pork had a rich flavor with the fatty component somehow rendered light as air. Winner!  We finished with sticky toffee for a strong ending.  
The under seasoned soup was not enough to tarnish this highly successful meal.Dont go hungry because you still will be when you leave
and bring a wad of cash cause its expensive and well they only take cash
was really disappointedI often reacted to people's statements that fresh food tastes better the way many people react to me when I say that different waters taste differently and that Fiji water tastes "soft." However, Pumpkin restored my faith in the fact that fresh, local food really does make a difference, and that even if it's a meal I could technically make at home, it's worth spending extra money sometimes to have someone make it for me. There is no way I could milk that magical flavor out of anything in my own kitchen. 
As I am not big on seafood and a couple other people ordered the steak, I went for the red-headed stepchild and ordered the chicken. I always feel judged when I order chicken, as if it makes me really dull and unadventurous. Can't a girl just dig on some f'ing chicken? I digress.
The chicken was the most delicious thing on the table. The brussel sprouts served with it were straight up orgasmic. There was so much chicken on my plate, I got to share with the table, and everyone agreed it was their favorite dish. 
The staff is amazingly friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is cozy and private-feeling and it's just such a great experience. I wish it were just a littttttle bit cheaper. But I can't really argue. I'd pay it again.Really great meal.  I had the squid ink risotto with baby octopus and the seared fish entree.  My wife had gazpacho and the scallop entree. All were great.  I had the sticky toffee dessert and the coffee ice cream on it was awesome.  I would definitely go back.Great food with a tiny menu.  The website's menu is not accurate and not all ingredients are listed if you have allergies. 
Pace can be too fast, so ask to have it spaced if you are at the later seating, if you are the earlier seating well they need to turn your table so that is what you signed up for. 
Cash only.  Bring a bottle of wine and enjoy.Absolutely loved the food, ambience & service! But the desserts were the real winners of the night. We were able to get a reservation at one of the tables near the window so we had both an intimate experience but with plenty of natural light. The Scallops app & Spanish Octopus app were as beautiful as they were delicious. I ordered the duck breast which was super moist and perfectly flavored. For dessert we had the Peach Creamsicle pudding and the Sticky Toffee Pudding cake which were perfection. Would highly recommend and will definitely come back. And it's BYOB. All things awesome.Pumpkin is a very charming BYOB on South Street. I absolutely loved trying their $35 Sunday tasting menu. It's five courses (but you can choose your appetizer and entree). My tasting consisted of sweet potato soup (one of the coolest presentations I've seen), squid ink risotto (it was black! so cool), morbier cheese, duroc pork loin, and the caramelized white chocolate cheesecake with goat cheese. The portions were perfect. I was able to finish everything but wasn't overly stuffed or left hungry. 
It's a tiny space, but cozy. Our server was lovely and it is such a nice way to cap off the weekend. BYOB a bottle of wine and it's a steal!Best BYOB in the city, bar none.  The local, seasonal, organic fareis always amazing, and they are happy to accommodate dietary restrictions in any dish.  If you call ahead, they'll even do this for pre-fixe dinners.  This place is one of the things I miss most about leaving Philly.My wife and I went for the Sunday prix fix menu and were satisfied with the food and service. The service was above average and the food ranged from average to above average. Overall, it met our expectations for price, flavor, and ambiance but lacked the wow-factor of a 5-star restaurant. 
Our courses were cauliflower soup, octopus with chorizo and peppers, gnocchi with duck bolognese, cheese, lamb shoulder, mackerel, butterscotch crime, and chocolate cake. 
The cauliflower soup was a bit underseasoned, but the apple slices were a pleasant addition and the pumpkin seeds gave the soup a good texture.
The second course was our favorite of the evening. My favorite bite of the meal was the chorizo with potato and peppers. The well rounded mix of spice, heat, and texture from the potatoes made it a highlight. The octopus was cooked very well and had a nice, crisp flavor. The gnocchi was also delicious, fresh, and delicate and the sauce had a nice balance of duck and bolognese.
The third course of cheese was underwhelming and was our least favorite of the evening. The cheese did not mix well with the grapes, sauce, and salad and felt like two separate dishes on the same plate.
The fourth course of mackerel and lamb shoulder was pretty good, with the mackerel edging out the lamb. My lamb was slightly dry for my taste, and the delicious sauce was a bit runny to accompany the meat. The mackerel had a nice char and was very moist. It also felt like a more complete dish with the mussels and beans. 
I'm drawing a blank on the specifics of the deserts, but they were both pretty good. I remember there was a custard, which I liked, and a chocolate cake that seemed run of the mill. 
Overall, pretty good, but not blow-my-socks off.  There's a good chance we would go back at some point for a special occasion because it's that kind of place.I've been hearing great things about Pumpkin and finally got the chance to go. As with many byos, it is tiny. My friend was from NYC and she was totally shocked by the atmosphere. Even though byos are small, I will admit - Pumpkin is really plain! The floors look gross/old and there is very little effort put into the decor (not in a way that appears to be on purpose).
So you would think that starts us off on the wrong foot so obviously with 4 stars they really impressed us with the food! Byos can be tough with changing menus and finding something you like but the food was sooo delicious and presented very nicely. Made up for the lack of walls etc. My friend and I split the scallops and duck - both of which I loved! We had a cheesecake dessert and a chocolate cake. Also had calamari which had some interesting sides. I love grilled calamari though. It was good but not the best I've had.
The waitress was nice - refilled water often - and after the fact she overheard us talking about how it was my birthday and she expressed her dismay in not knowing bc she would have put a candle in my dessert which I thought was nice.
Go. Try it. Love it.Sunday is the day to go. The 5 course a la carte menu was awesome. BYOBs are always great and the service was amazing. Definitely a place you should try if you enjoy food. 100 bucks total for 2. It was my first time eating beets and the beet salad was delicious. A great place for a date.I was so excited when I was able to snag a reservation at Pumpkin during restaurant week, but was sadly disappointed by the evening. A friend and I arrived for dinner and were greeted and seated promptly by the hostess. The ambience was intimate, but so much so that I could distinctly overhear the entire conversation at the table over.
I had the cauliflower soup to start, which was hot and rich and delicious. But unfortunately everything afterwards fell somewhat flat in comparison. The burrata cheese course was a little bland, and my friend's rainbow trout second course smelled extremely fishy to the point where she could not finish it. I was really looking forward to my winter vegetable risotto with maitake mushrooms, but it was served a bit colder than I would have liked and was too rich and cheesy to finish. 
Dessert was probably the best course after the cauliflower soup. The pot de creme was yummy and the almond financier was decent but not particularly memorable. 
Overall It was a decent meal, but not worth the 40 dollars.Extremely small place, may have been the smallest nice restaurant we ever ate in (not a bad thing). The food was fresh and inventive. Limited menu, maybe only five entrees and five appetizers. 
I had the appetizer of Escargot with hominy, bacon, and garlic. Very refreshing take on escargot, smoky and unique. Entree was Long Island Duck with plum, trumpet mushrooms and almonds. The duck was perfectly seared and med-rare, delicious. The almonds were barely cooked and whole crunchy, was a very interesting texture. 
Others had appetizers of pickled watermelon and specks salad (great), Cremont Cheese & beet salad (never ate so many different types beets and radishes in my life!), entree of Bucatini with Pekytoe crab sauce, Poconos Trout with pea puree and Chanterelle mushrooms, and Hangar steak with alliums and confit potatoes. All prepared perfectly, can't wait to return.Having dined here a few times, my assessment is that while the food is quite good, it's rarely great and the experience has always left me somewhat underwhelmed.  I rarely object to price or to portion size (and I'm not a big eater), but the whole very small portions just to tease your palate thing going on here seems a bit "too precious" for all but perhaps the die-hard fans of this restaurant,  
Yes, the veal tongue was great and the assortment of pickled beets accompanied with greens, horseradish and fresh pretzel was delightful, but it's size was less of an appetizer than it was an hors d'oeuvre.  A single thin slice of tongue left me wondering whether they forgot to put the other slice on it before they served it!    It wasn't so much overpriced but under-proportioned.  
The daily specials also suffered from what I felt was excessive pricing for what they really were.  A caprese salad where four or five chunks of watermelon were substituted for tomato and a separate special of four slices of a fresh tomato (with sea salt!) at $18 each honestly made me wince.  I'm getting the sense that there's a bit of the Emperor's New Clothing thing going on with the regular clientele and they're going along with it.  The scallops were competently prepared but the choice of kim-chee seemed off for the rest of the ingredients.  It stuck me as being unbalanced.  I mean, just because you CAN mix kim-chee with advocado doesn't mean you SHOULD, right?
The Creekstone Beef Sirloin and the Striped Bass were other examples where I just didn't feel that what was actually on the plate warranted the prices.  The beef seemed to have been "sous vide" and was flavorful but needing salt and oddly chewy in some bites.  The accompaniments consisted of three (count them three) new potatoes the size of grapes - which is to say, surprisingly small, a dollop of what I believe was celeriac puree and some caramelized onions.  I have had better prepared and more flavorful beef at lesser places. At $28 for what may have been 4 or 5 slices of just OK beef, it underwhelmed me.
The Striped Bass was a better choice in terms of flavor, it was very good but, again I had somewhat of an issue with the portion size.  It was considerably smaller than a deck of cards and priced at $28.  While this sound like I'm grousing about the price or the size of the portions, there just was not enough other accompaniments on the plates that left one satiated at the end of the meal. 
Yes, Pumpkin is a charming little restaurant and is a well loved oasis in the neighborhood.  My question is simply whether the "water" at this oasis has to be in such small cups and be so overpriced.I had a group of 5 here and I was not very happy, although the rest of my party was (hence the 3 star rather than 2). The place is tiny, which is fine, but I think a small restaurant should be more warm and inviting. Our waitress seemed uptight (she may have been new). The food was unexceptional and portions small. The prices were too high for nothing special in atmosphere or quality.It may be a little pricey, but it's unbelievably worth it.  Pumpkin totally keeps Philadelphia fresh.
All their ingredient are fresh and local and it shows.  I've been here twice, both of Sundays during their 5 course menus.  We called ahead of time to tell them we eat only fish and no meat. They happily obliged.
From beginning to end it was a fantastic experience and I recommend to anyone.I agree with some of the other reviews that Pumpkin just tries too hard with the food. The atmosphere was pretty good - small, cozy, and intimate, but too dim for my likes, as it seemed the only lighting in the restaurant was candelight. Anyways. I had high hopes for Pumpkin judging by their RW menu, but it was kind of a let down. The mushroom and potato amuse-bouche was incredibly salty. For apps, I had the sweet potato veloute and my bf got the pork belly. The veloute was amazing - the only part of the meal I think I enjoyed. However, it would have been a much better experience without all the little things they dumped into the soup that they then had to explain to me as they served me my food. The soup should have been the main star, probably only with the subtlest of garnishes so I could fully enjoy each smooth, creamy bite. 
For entrees, the bf got the duck and I decided to mix it up and get the salmon. Our server warned me that the salmon was cooked medium rare (I forgot why - something about amplifying the flavor I think) and I figured it would be fine so I told her to go for it. When it came out, I instantly regretted not telling her to cook it medium-well done, because the texture of the salmon was not what I had in mind at all. Again, the entrees were served with a multitude of small sides that had to be listed to us - and still we didn't catch all of it, so we weren't 100% sure of what we were eating. The salmon was a huge letdown, also because it was too bland. My bf's duck was good, but he said it had way too much connective tissue - to the point where he had to spit some of it out because he just couldn't finish chewing it. 
For dessert, we both went with the cheesecake because I heard good things about it. My bf adored it, I wasn't so sold. It was a really dense, brown butter (? the server explained this to me, but I don't recall) cheesecake, and I think I personally prefer a lighter, fluffier cheesecake. The apple sorbet on top of the cheesecake was amazing, though. 
All in all, I loved the environment but the food sadly didn't leave a good impression on me. Like I said before, Pumpkin should cut out the quirky, fancy side "amusements" and let the locally-sourced food shine on its own with minimal support. I probably would not go back, unless with someone else who wanted to.
PS: the bf also really liked the small pack of pumpkin seeds delivered along with the check - a cute touch.The $35 sunday tasting menu is one of the best, tastiest deals in town. The place is cozy, the service is always impeccable, the menu is creative, and it's BYO so the wine is always perfectly chosen. ;-)This place is intimate (or tiny depending on your point of view) and I liked the atmosphere immediately.  I have been so friggin' busy with work lately that I haven't been able to review very much, so this meal was from back in August...sorry for the delay.  I can't remember the appetizer, but remember it being a lot of ingredients that I wouldn't have thought about putting together and that it was good.  I then had hanger steak for dinner and it very good for that cut of steak.  Much more tender than I would expect from a hanger.
This place also has a very unique clientele and the people watching that my gf and I enjoyed that night definitely made the experience more enjoyable. There was this kid sitting next to our table commenting on every sip of his wine and his gf/who knows what was writing down every word.  I had a hard time not laughing out loud (and the wine was like a $10 bottle of wine...if you are going to act that ridiculously pretentious please do so with good wine).  There were others that I could write about, but I'll keep this review about the food.
Overall it was very good and I would go back for sure.  My only complaint is that it was uncomfortably hot in there...like I was sweating.  They must not have had A.C. or something.  Anyways, still very strong little spot...I'm a fan.Oh Pumpkin....  the many ways I love you.
My boyfriend and I went here for a celebratory dinner when we found out I was being offered a job at a great architecture firm here in Philly.  I made the reservation that day, and they managed to fit us in at 9:30 (the perfect time for us, since we're sort-of-late eaters).  
We showed up right on time, and they seated us immediately in a cute little booth nearish to the kitchen.  (One point for Pumpkin!)
The staff there is AWESOME.  Everyone seems to do everyone else's jobs in the front of the house (in other words, they have one another's backs -- a true indicator of a well-run restaurant).  The woman who sat us went and got us bread and put our wine somewhere to chill.  The woman who was our server came over very quickly to talk to us about the menu (which was amazing...).  We were very curious about the braising liquid that was the base for the sauce for the short rib with porter sauce (what I eventually ordered) and the base for the sauce of the fish dish (ordered by my boyfriend).  The woman who was acting as hostess/runner/bread server/wealth of knowledge couldn't totally answer our questions about the sauce, so she went back to the kitchen and got us a taste of the sauce so we could try it out.  (50 points for Pumpkin!!!)
It was delicious, as were the dishes themselves.  All the flavors worked in a gorgeous harmony together -- the short rib was perfectly tender in its Guinness sauce, the potatoes gratin were cheesy, but not too much, the mushroom salad was nutty and... well... mushroomy.  (Even more points for Pumpkin!!!)
Needless to say, we closed the restaurant down after having some simultaneously rich and fluffy chocolate cake with the most luscious coconut ice cream I have ever tasted.  
I could give them more points, but I've lost count, so we'll just chalk it up to infinity.Does pumpkin not want customers? They called to confirm my reservation and were borderline rude in insisting that I leave within 1.5 hours. I made the mistake of keeping my reservation, but ultimately decided I wanted to enjoy dinner and not feel rushed, so I went somewhere else. Three months later, I thought I'd give them another shot - this time they called repeatedly while I was in a meeting, and eventually sent a text saying they required a deposit because I didn't come last time. The restaurant generally does not require a deposit to hold a reservation, but specifically singled me out. I've read other reviews about pumpkin treating minority customers poorly so maybe that was it - but regardless, it was inappropriate and one of the weirder customer service experiences I've had.Expensive, but worth it!!!! Cash only, but worth it!!! Everything I had was delicious. Plus, it's BYOB, so you save some money there. Staff was wonderful. This place is a must try!4.5 mainly for the food. Service overall good as well but not as memorable as the food, and the place is quite cute.  We ordered the chilled pea soup, Scottish salmon, pork tenderloin (which was up there with the best pork dishes I have had), rhubarb cake, lemon posset. Delightful, original flavor combinations without being over-salted.It was cash only but the five course meal was pretty good. The place was pretty small but very cute for a date or meeting with a small group. Def coming back againI had the Sunday tasting menu. The cauliflower soup was good, felt like it was missing a little something. The house made sausage was very good, as well as the skate wing. The skate was cooked perfectly. Some of the veggies were very salty. The best part was the dessert. I forget the name but it was a bowl of some sort of creme with chocolate cake pieces, toasted marshmallow, bananas, chocolate ganache and peanut butter. Overall, I would go back. The decor is a little gloomy but it is a very nice BYOB.Cash only, BYO
Rather cozy intimate eatery with very delicious food. One problem with the closeness of the space is if you have a noisy patron dining there it becomes everyone's problem. Had this experience when I dined here recently. The restaurant handled it best they could by comping the tables' desserts that were affected. 
For food, I tried the monkfish and wasn't overly impressed and cannot pin it to me disliking monkfish or the way it was prepared. Also tried the NY strip, my favorite cut of meat - ordered it medium. It was cooked rare and bled on the plate when cut. It was still very tasty but blood mixed with the remainder of my meal - not ideal.restaurant is very tiny...but tables were very roomy...and was able accommodate our group of 6 people.  Server was very friendly and explained everything on the menu.  I had sweetbreads as an appetizer...absolutely delicious...entree I had was beef cheeks...it was good...but bit salty...Came here on a Friday night with the fiance and was underwhelmed!  We live a couple blocks away and have been meaning to try Pumpkin and finally got around to it last week.  I know this place is known for their awesome food but we left pretty disappointed! (-1 star) Their menu changes seasonally (or monthly?) so perhaps we just weren't blown away by the limited menu selection the night we were there. We got the green soup (basically a cold, green smoothie in a bowl) and the grilled calamari (good but not great).
For dinner, he got the salmon, which he had to send back because it was WAY undercooked. I got the steak which was good, but again, nothing special.
We also noticed that two couples who came in after us were served their food before us.  Minus another star for that! Probably won't be coming back :(Went here tonight for the Sunday tasting menu.  It was the best food decision my husband and I have made in a long time.  Unbelievably good and fresh food.  Our server was great and attentive. We will definitely be back!During every CCD Restaurant Week, my wife and I try and check out some new restaurants in Philly that we haven't had the opportunity to dine at yet.  This time that establishment was Pumpkin.
I will start by stating that my reviews are based on a few things when I dine at any restaurant, quality and taste of the food, the ambiance of the establishment, and the quality of the wait staff.  Overall Pumpkin was a great experience from start to finish.
Walking in to Pumpkin we were greeted right away with a smile.  Pumpkin is a smaller establishment, but that works to its advantage because the ultra friendly staff here is able to be very attentive to all your needs.  Another great plus about Pumpkin is that it's a BYOB.  So you can bring your favorite red, white, or bubbly without having to pay inflated prices like some other places in the city.
Now on to my review of the food...
For appetizers my wife ordered the Chilled Chickpea Soup and I went with the Lamb meatballs.
Both appetizers were plated and served beautifully.  The meatballs had excellent flavor from the lamb and everything else on the plate all paired well,  My wife's soup was very flavorful, so much so that she asked for an extra piece of bread to sop up anything left in the bowl. 
For entrees my wife went with the Salmon dish and I went with the Berkshire Pork Loin.
We shared each others dishes and both were delicious.  My pork was extremely tender and the pumpkin seed sauce was an nice touch.  It also came with very delicious smoky bacon and beans mixture and grits.  My wife's Salmon was cooked to perfection.  The skin was nice and crispy and the salmon was so juicy and just flaked apart.  Both dishes were a hit and we couldn't decide who's was better.
For dessert I chose the Sticky Toffee Pudding and my wife went for their Molten Chocolate Cake.  Her chocolate cake was very tasty without being overly sweet or decadent.  My sticky toffee pudding was very sweet and very yummy,  I think the sticky toffee pudding won this round.
This was a our first time eating here, but it will not be the last.  Everything about this restaurant was great.  The food, the cozy atmosphere, and the wonderful wait staff.I went here for the 5 course tasting menu on Sunday, 28-Dec-08. From start to finish, Pumpkin delivered a fantastic meal. I would definitely return without an iota of hesitation. Make sure you call about a week ahead for a reservation. 
I really enjoyed everything about this place. It was a small, cozy place that was well decorated. The service was top tier. The servers were passionate about what they did and always had a smile. Service is one of the most controllable and influential aspects of dining out so its nice to go to a place that really cares about satisfaction. 
The meal was good sized portions for a tasting menu which is nice considering the potency, complexity and balance in each bite was worth revisiting. I really enjoyed the walu appetizer and flank steak entree. The only part of the meal that was just OK was the salad. This meal was really good because for the week before hand, all I ate was Polish holiday food in my hometown so the freshness and flavors were a great break to that monotony.
The only potential downside of this place is that it can be loud. When I was at Pumpkin, there was a table of six people who apparently could only communicate by shouting to each other despite being 3 feet away. Also, I cannot understand how a restaurant like this doesn't take credit cards. I can see the point of not taking cards from a logistic and managerial standpoint but I hope they start taking cards in the future. They also should have a real website.
If your a fan of an ever evolving menu and fresh, wholesome ingredients, then you should definitely visit Pumpkin. Great place that I hope is around for a long time.