Yummy!  Just walking by and smelling the wonderful aromas of this restaurant will make you want to go in.  Everything I've ever ordered here has been delicious.  Beyond typical Mex food, they have entree dishes, like Tilapia, that are great.  The inside is adorable, and everyone who works there is very nice.  If you live in the area it's definitely worth a try.I've been getting their Cubano sandwich for years and they have never disappointed me. Best Cuban sandwich I've ever had. Keep up the great work guys!!!Came here with friends for HH on cinco de mayo. Armed with our wine and spirits- purchased tequila, we were able to sit on the back patio and get some sun. They carry a few different types of margarita mixers and will add your tequila right in. 64 oz of mix ran about $15 and I believe there was a fee of $2-3 for bringing your own tequila. They have the option to add cinnamon and sugar to your glass run, which I had never had before (tasted amazing). We ordered chips and salsa to share which tasted pretty standard. All 3 of us ordered tacos with a side of refried beans; we ended up being served regular black beans but that didn't make or break our dishes. Overall, there was a great selection, including vegetarian options. If you're feeling margaritas but don't want to go to some of the other busy NoLibs spots, I highly suggest giving Pura Vida a try! FYI it's cash only, but there's an ATM there if you forget.This is definitely a gem found in northern liberties. While I've never eaten in so can't say much about the service, all the food that I have gotten for take out has been amazing! the sopa de pollo is so flavorful, and the enchiladas are one of their best dishes. Will continue ordering from here!Had a great meal with friends. The Guatemalan family that owns and operates this open kitchen BYOB is delightful. inviting atmosphere and very good food. If you just want a small bite or a full entree, the menu provides. Pura Vida is a hidden gem.I went to Pura Vida just to check it out, and there are definite pros and cons. 
The pros:
- I had the chicken quesadilla and it was very good. Not greasy, the chicken was not fatty, and there was a good proportion of cheese to chicken, etc..the salsa was great and you have a choice of mild, medium or hot. I had the green one, and it was very good. 
- They seem to use decent quality ingredients, and decent cuts of meat. They also taste fresh. Someone said the guacamole wasn't as 'tasty,' but to me it was because it wasn't salty or overly done...it was more pure. 
- Service is very nice. I was there on an off-time, so maybe when it's busy it's different, but the woman was quite nice.
- It's a cheap BYOB - so you don't have to go somewhere fancy to have a few drinks with friends and some solid food.
Cons:
- You have to pay for chips and salsa. Even though it's not much, I was a bit taken aback...isn't that free? ...and the amount of salsa you get is small.
- It's in kind of a sketchy area. They call it Northern Liberties, but it isn't the more developed area. I wouldn't be strolling around there late at night or at dark, and I go to a lot of places.
- It's pretty small...so I wouldn't bring more than a couple of other people with us, or it would seem congested if we all wanted to sit together.I love this place. 
You can't really go wrong here. The burritos are wonderful, the vegetarian chorizo is really good, the shredded beef is great. They have his awesome table for two that has a checkerboard and pieces on it and I sit there whenever it's free. It's BYOB which rules also. 
And the music! Once they played a salsa-like remix of Get Rich or Die Tryin' and today it was Salsa of the 80s. Damnit, making me regret getting takeout. 
So good.Best chicken burrito I've had in Philadelphia hands down and I've tried A LOT of places. Cool atmosphere and friendly service. BYOB is nice, will make you some dank margaritas. I highly recommend this jointIt seems I may have dropped the ball by ordering a burrito here, but it just wasn't good. Like at all. 
It was allegedly a chicken burrito. However in this ginormous burrito there were two chunks of chicken. Not cool. The chicken was very good, just hardly any to speak of. 
In addition to the lack of meat it was completely dry and just pretty bland all around. My coworker who is Hispanic was equally disappointed with her burrito as well. 
If you're going to serve a dry burrito, at least put some hot sauce up in there. However to my dismay no sauce or otherwise fun condiments were served with my lackluster burrito. 
We ordered here because Que Chula Es La Puebla was closed for renovations, but if that is the case going forward, I'd rather have no Spanish food than this disappointment.Seriously Yelpers? I came here expecting a cross between Dos Segundos and La Cazuelas, and it was one of my biggest disappointments in a while. I read that the chips and salsa were a rip off. I ordered the guac/salsa/chips combo anyway ($5.5) and it was a sad attempt indeed. The salsa was bland (it was the medium) and there were giant chunks of white (unripe) tomatoes in the attempt at salsa verde. The chips were bland and not especially fresh, and the guac was missing any and all seasoning. Even salt. Not to mention the serving size was "one chip scoop." The margarita mixer (hibiscus) was decent, but they put about 10 ice cubes in the giant pitcher. It was like drinking in Mexico, for real. 
Entrees were another lesson in mediocrity, with the special "mole style" enchilada sauce tasting more like re-fried beans than anything resembling mole. The soy-rizo was tasty in the burrito, but the burrito lacked any flavor. The atmosphere was okay, but the food was not. I will not be back. Also, I was told on the phone that if I was more than 10 minutes late for my reservation, they would give it away. Well luckily for me I was on time. But that aside, at least half of the tables were empty at 7:30 on a Saturday anyway. Not worth the trouble for the level of food they are putting out.Don't be fooled by the exterior. Once inside, it is a fun yet cozy place.  Great central american food at cheap prices!  I can't believe that most of the dishes are $7-10.  Cash only, byo.
We shared the chicken quesedilla as an appetizer (per yelp reviews) and it was really good.  Very big too - this could be your entree. Then I got the chorizo tacos and hubby got the black bean tostada.  Both were great.  I was so full I could hardly finish my tacos. The chorizo had just enough spice to be spicy!  We really enjoyed it.   Parking in that area is no problem.  Will be back!We used to goto a mexican joint nearbye called Jose's, now we goto Pura Vida.  Charlie is one of the cooks, he split off from Jose's to make some of the best mexican food I've ever had.  
I highly recommend one of the sandwiches, (pollo al sado I think), its sloppy, but its one of the most delicious sandwiches I've tasted.  
The location is a little shady, but the restaurant is pretty well decorated and the staff is friendly too.  
Highly recommended if you only want authentic mexican on your plate.Amazing food, great service. Discovered this little place when I moved to the area. They are always super friendly and I love the shrimp tacos! I've only dinned in once, because I usually grubhub from here.I am considering two stars for this place. Yelp has some pretty positive reviews for this place. For starters, the night we ate there they were out of shredded beef, ham, and guacamole. Seriously? It's a Guatemalan restaurant! That's like half the menu! 
The food was tasty. The tortillas were excellent. I ate there with three friends. I had the roast pork 'plato', M had the steak plato, S had a deconstructed shrimp fajita, and L had a shrimp plato. The steak was the clear winner. The pork was OK but the shrimps were tiny, sparse on the plate, and most likely caught by the Gorton Fisherman a long time ago. I also took umbrage with the $5 charge for a small basket of chips and salsa. Final verdict, I would try this place again but I hardly walked away thinking this was the best Guatemalan food in Philadelphia. One last tip - don't sit in the corner by the air conditioner. It's going to be louder than your conversation.A hidden gem in Northern Liberties. Amazing atmosphere inside and out, amazing food, and great prices! This place is a must! The staff is friendly and it's a byob.I was a little disappointed that I could not get any alcohol here. You have to bring your own. The ambiance is pretty chill They have some upbeat music on the radio. Food is good. MY whole meal set me back ten dollars. I bought a lot of stuff too. I had four different types of soda plus a hearty "Cuban" sandwich...chicken ham...etc.I ate here last night and was really looking forward to it due to all the excellent reviews.  However, I was sorely let down.
For $8 I got 3 tacos.  I chose shredded beef, chorizo, and fish.  They had a bit of lettuce, a dollop of sour cream, and a dollop of guacamole as toppings.  It was pretty scarce.  The meal came with NO sides.  The fish taco was SOOOO terrible.  It tasted super fishy and in a very abnormal, inedible way.  I took 1 bite and knew there was no way I was eating it.  I told the waitress, and she didn't care nor do anything.  I would have thought she'd at least offer to get me a replacement taco with a different protein.  Instead she said the cook must have put too much salt on the fish....uhhh...duhhh, yeah, no.
My friend got fajitas, which was pretty much the same thing except $7 more.  The only difference was hers came w rice and beans, but I really don't think that's worth an extra $7.  My friend insisted on tasting my yucky taco.  Too bad for her.  As soon as we got back to my house she puked up everything!!
About 45 minutes later I also met with a nasty demise, except in ahem, another type of way.  Followed by heartburn.  Never ever going back to this one.This place is great. Great food. Simple atmosphere, menu and service but executed perfectly. Pura Vida kicks Dos Segundo's ass. 
Great place to bring a bottle of wine and a date or your mom. Delicious and healthy food at very reasonable prices and portions.I finally managed to make it over to Pura Vida and I was mostly glad I did. I had a feeling I was going to like it the minute I entered the door, since the delicious smell of latin food hit my nostrils.  The service was very good. Like one of the other reviewers said, one waitress covered multiple tables, and very well. They had horchata, which put me in a mood to like the place from the get go, since most of the crappy places won't even know what horchata is.
As far as the food goes, I had an argentinian steak and shrimp(there is no s in multiple shrimp folks) dish called Playo Gaucho.  The steak was just right and had a seasoning/sauce on it that was really tasty.  The shrimp were layered over a colorful salad with a different dressing/sauce.  Rounding out the dish were halved small potatoes baked with nice crispy skins and very good flavor. Overall a very nice meal.
The decor was eh.  A weird mix of Latin and what looked like part of an old Hawaiian bar. Kind of odd. That drop down ceiling needed some new tiles in it too, looked a little old. But overall it was nice. Probably a good place to take a date, as every table but mine had at least one couple if not two.
My main gripe was that they didn't offer free chips and salsa. One of my rules of thumb to judge latin/mexican places is the freshness and richness of flavor present in their salsa. But I refuse to pay 5 bucks to find out. A little steep guys.Love this place, I have been going on and off for 5 years.  Ceviche is as good as always.  The AC is a little loud which takes away from how sweet the place is, but the food is good, the price is good, staff is friendly and it's BYOB- what more could you ask for?I remember when Pura Vida opened years ago around the corner from our apartment in Nor Libs. It was like heaven.  I remember worrying that this place was going to close down because it was in a weird corner and some great places were shutting down in that area because people didn't know about it.  
Thank heavens they're still there!  I haven't found steak tacos and guac that I like more anywhere else in Philly.  We always get the usual - chorizo burrito and my steak tacos.  If we're starving, we get taquitos.  I personally take my tacos in "mild' and hubs takes his "hot.' I've once ordered a burrito in "diablo" for him because it made me giggle but I got in trouble for that one.  
We've only eaten inside a few times, and usually try to sit outside if weather permits.  
Now that we're in Mt. Airy, if I'm in the city for anything, I try to swing by and pick up our burrito and tacos to go.  After a 20 minute drive, they're still delicious and my corn tacos are not falling apart.  
Cash only place, and I believe closed on Mondays.Went there last night with a group of 7 friends. 
First ..the good. The food was excellent. Everyone was very happy with what they ordered and nobody went home hungry. Most of the prices were very reasonable for the portion sizes (i think people on yelp need to remember youre at a restaurant and not taco bell)
Now..the bad. As others have stated, 5 dollars for a small plate of chips and salsa is beyond ridiculous (the salsa and guacamole were excellent though). Also, the place is byob so we brought some tequila as we heard they will mix up margarita pitchers for you. We were unaware though that they charge 15 dollars to do that though!! That seems a little high considering that we are providing the most expensive part (the tequila).
All in all, we had a very enjoyable time.I've been here several times, including last night, but just getting to a review now. Honestly, what can I say about a small, cash only, byob, Latin food haven like Pura Vida? The music puts you in a groove the food puts you in a mood. Most recently I had the Guatemalan shredded beef burrito and the flavor of the meat was out of this world!  And my favorite part? Talking with friends over poured wine, getting the check and being told "no rush, stay as long as you want." Won't find that in Midtown.I have been here at least five times always for dine-in. 
Some my qualms first: We ordered the chips with salsa and guac - the dips came in the 1/4 cup containers (like the ones sized for a side of pickles).  No refills on it.  Idk, since it's listed as an appetizer that you pay money for, I just expected something more impressive or like a bowl of the dips.  Also the "mild" salsa is just tomatoes cut up - albeit fresh ones.  The "medium" salsa tasted like my jar of trader joe's green salsa at home.  Also, buyer beware, if you request any extra salsa they will charge you for it.  
Positives: I ordered the chicken and shrimp fajitas and I will say that the protein was cooked very well and the veggies were grilled perfectly.  Once they flat out told us they didn't have any guacamole which was crazy considering the cuisine they serve.  Pura vida will definitely fill your stomach and the ingredients appear fresh.  It delivers, but it's not going to knock your socks off while doing so.Awesome hole in the wall BYOB amazing latin/spanish/mexican mixture including:  pupusa/quesadilla/cerviche/tacos/burritos, etc.  Totally authentic spanish speaking, cheap, fast delicious joint.  all great things! Their quesadilla with chorizo was awesome.My boyfriend and I just discovered this place and it is AMAZING. It's a wonderful alternative to Dos Segundos if you want good Mexican in the same area but don't feel like dealing with bar hopping yuppies. 
The food is fresh and I highly suggest the Rosa de Jamaica (hibiscus iced tea). Its potent yet sweet flavor is perfect in this hot weather. They have great vegetarian options including vegetarian chorizo. I'm not sure, but its possible they get it from Trader Joe's which in that case it is both vegan and gluten free. They seem to be very knowledgeable about the difference between vegetarian and vegan which is helpful. If they get the idea that you don't eat meat, they usually clarify if you would like dairy products (cheese/sour cream) or not.  
We brought his brother, gf, and their mom and they loved just as much as we did. His mom order a salad with seasoned, sautéed shrimp on top. I don't eat fish, but it looked amazing and she confirmed it was fresh and delicious. His brother had the vegetable tacos which had a very light and refreshing taste.  
The prices are reasonably and the ingredients are fresh. I highly suggest giving this place a try. It's BYOB, too, don't forget your brew!Gross. Prices were too high for what they actually gave you, the waitress was unattentive and totally unwilling to help out or please her customers when we complained about the GROSSEST fish taco I've ever tasted in my life. I'm sorry but I was a waitress for a very long time, and it's pretty much a rule of thumb to always make sure the customer is happy, not just say "oh they must have put too much salt on it!" and then walk away, not even OFFERING anything to rectify the situation. I got the chicken fajitas, which weren't bad but they weren't good. A little dry and very plain, and extremely short of a true fajita. Shortly after my little mexican adventure here, I was puking my brains out. I would definitely NOT go back here.Love this place. I used to come here for lunch with my girlfriend before she moved. I just realized how much I missed this place when I went back last night for dinner. One of the best places to get Mexican food. I always order the fried tacos; they are out of this world. I had the shrimp plato; it was awesome, and the shrimps were sweet in the right way. I will continue to come here again to try all of their other dishes. They also have an enclosed back patio. It's a plus because I hate seeing/ smelling cars when I'm dining outside. It is BYO. Bring your own tequila or rum and they will hook you up with margaritas or mojitos. I will have to try that soon with my girls.
Truly a hidden gem!Was excited to try this place out - but was deferred after my request for a table I could sit next to my boyfriend was refused because "it was too early in the night." It's after 8pm, the place had two small groups inside.. And it's cold outside. We walked out with our bag of beer (it's byo). Too many awesome places to eat in fishtown.There is so much potential for this place.  The burrito had amazing flavors however there was almost no meat.  It would have easily received a 5 star if there was more meat.Drove by this place a few times and decided to check it out. The inside was a little toasty but the patio sitting was great.... Although there is an occupied apartment that has a window that looks out to the patio. The service was great. I ordered the Pupusitas, enchiladas, and steak burritos. They were all good and came out fast. The food looked and tasted homemade so I like it.My girlfriend and I really love this spot. I generally get a burrito with either chicken or shredded beef. My girlfriend gets the tortas. The ginger chicken soup is absolutely to die for. I don't know what I'd do if this place wasn't around the corner. Definitely recommend.I seriously love this place...the food is amazing and the people are friendly. It's also BYOB which makes it even better. My Boyfriend and I love coming here with a bottle of wine and filling up on the awesome guacamole. I recommend getting the shrimp plato..very delicious!This place is awesome. Walked in, FIFA was on and ordered some chicken tacos. Great food and good drinks. Real Mexican food here. Ate here for lunch and I'll be going back for dinner ;)
They even have a hookah out back. YUM!
I give this place an A++Great BYO, cheap and good. A bit hot inside, patio is lovely though. Feels understaffed frequently however.fun little byob. 
great food and service, and shockingly inexpensive. try the chicken ginger soup, its the perfect way to start your meal on a bitterly cold night.This place is a great find!! The food is always fresh and delicious! The burritos are huge, flavorful and everything you would want a burrito to be! My favorite is the ilachitas tostadas...mmmmmm yum! I ordered lunch from there at least once a week! 
The fish though...I feel it had a bad after taste. It's tilapia and we know all tilapia is not created equal.when we walked in I was like "how good can this place be?" it was tiny and I was def over dressed. but, it was BYOB and they make the BEST mojitos i think I've ever had. the food was SO good!!! the place itself, though small, was relaxed and just really fun. the service was perfect and they have good vegetarian options.Loved it. Got roast pork enchiladas-- fantastic, all around--rice to beans to guac (that doesn't cost extra like all the other "mexican" places around), and well-cooked and seasoned pork. Also got the fish (tilapia?) which was good, but the grilled shrimp were great, and the pickled and grilled vegetables were awesome.
Our server was cute and nice, though I think she forgot about us (outside) once they got full inside-- we were just waiting for our check.
I don't suggest sitting on the 6th street outdoor tables, that corner there sucks, with the cars at the light blasting their Q102... but other than that, I was happy. And full. And I wish I had brought some beer. 
Dos Segundos it isn't-- I thought the food was way better. I didn't miss free chips and salsa at all.Great local mom and pop restaurant. This place has never disappointed me or any friends I've brought here. All of the special entrees are delicious. My favorites are the playero and gaucho. Their guacamole is great. 
BYOB,  being your own tequila and they'll mix you a great pitcher of margarita.Pura Vida is a tucked-away Mexican / Guatemalan BYOB in Northern Libs. 
Lots of great margarita options and you can add your own tequila.
Ilachitas (Guatemalan shredded beef) and Veggie Chorizo are both great options. Try the Guatemalan tamales and tacos.
Cash only, BYOBWe've been wanting to try this place since I moved in to my new aparment a block away. Finally we gave it a shot and we are really glad we did! 
The food was really really good, especially considering how reasonable it was priced. One of the best dishes was the namesake appetizer which we devoured in about 2 seconds. 
I hesitate to give this a good review since that could mean I won't be able to walk in and get a table with no wait (think honeys before it got popular). But I can't help myself. This place was really good.Cute little place. I got take-out so I can't really comment on that. The food was good but nothing really amazing. The guacamole was inedible. There was way to much lime or lemon. You would think that they would taste things before serving them... The service was good and the food was ready before the estimated time.Was in phl for business and found this place on yelp. Food is fantastic and fresh and a decent price.Food was bland and dry. However their tortillas are tasty but that's about it. We had a chicken quesadilla, which had a bone in it, pork tacos, and steak fajitas. We ordered guac but they ran out. All the meat was cubed and a bit tough. Wouldn't return.While not one the best places I've ever eaten at, this place is surprisingly great! 
The sandwich I had was really a cut above the rest and reasonably priced.  The menu wasn't too elaborate but offered a good selection in what you can put into each offering.  For instance, there is a burrito but there are six different meats you can put into it ranging from steak to fish.  That's cool.  
The service?  Even though it was one girl, she could handle the three other parties as well as mine easily and did so with a friendly attitude.  Way to go!  
My only beef, and it's a small one, is the side.  If I'm going to get a sandwich, I'd like something to accompany it.  Here, I got a tiny little salad that rivals Philly Falafel in how small it is.  Beans, rice, anything!  But this was a moot point by the time I finished the delicious sandwich.
It's funny because one of the best meals I've had in NoLibs doesn't come from the 2nd street strip but instead from an unassuming little restaurant on the corner of Fairmont and 6th.  Go figure...I have been to this restaurant numerous times and will give them that their food is great and I will miss it as I will never return to this restaurant again.  Tonight, midway through our appetizer we had to kill two cockroaches on the wall directly next to us. We looked on the floor and there was another one crawling right next to my foot and two more behind the cabinet behind us.  As the restaurant was completely packed, we did not make a scene and quietly pulled the waitress aside to inform her of the issue so they were aware. Through out this whole night we remained very respectful and nice about the issue. Following that, after a long wait for our dinner we asked the waitress about desert and she replied that they are no longer making dessert because the kitchen is closed so she will have to double check, meanwhile the restaurant is still packed. They ended up making the desserts but only made two of the three we ordered.  Service was awful.  The owner never made one trip to our table to apologize or address the issue of coming across five cockroaches and having a paranoid meal, constantly checking if more roaches were around us.  I understand that food places come across issues like this but the service and the principle about how we were neglected at this restaurant was awful and I will never return.  As leaving the restaurant, all of the staff was present in the kitchen by the door and not one person said goodnight or even acknowledged us.The price/food/ambiance combination is way better than any other latin food place in Philadelphia.  Sure there may be more authentic and somewhat better tasting options in South Philly.  However the ubiquitous harsh lighting and/or television blaring does not a nice dinner make.  We've been going here since it opened, and my favorite options are:
In the winter splitting the delicious soup to warm you up.
The Illachita(slow cooked shredded beef) tacos or quesadillas are just amazing and pared with another appetizer (chips and guac or ceviche) are usually enough for dinner.
The shrimp or fish tacos are also excellent light fare.
Finally if you're hungry try one of the big platter entrees.
Also the banana & ice cream desert is a really nice way to finish off the meal.
All in all, whether you eat in or pick up, I highly recommend this NL gem.This place is very small and therefore the staff is small and the kitchen works slowly. It's BYOB. You can bring tequila or whatever and they'll mix up margaritas for you.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was good. I just felt like it took forever to get served and was a few dollars too expensive.
If you want to dine with more than one person, I'd recommend calling ahead.Great food. Great service. Must come here!! Byo you just can't beat it. Authentic food and great little quaint spot!Mexican food and BYOB--what's not to love!! I went here with a large group (about 20) and the staff managed to fit us in and give us a nice big table even though our reservation was pretty last minute. 
The food is very tasty--the fajitas are fresh and the guacamole and salsa were respectable. 
The BYOB element is definitely a highlight--we were celebrating a work event, so we had wine, beer, and champagne. The waiter brought us glasses and stored our extras in the fridge, but be fairly warned--it's a $3 corking fee per wine bottle/six pack. However, I think you'll still get a bargain considering that you won't pay the huge alcohol markups restaurants usually charge. 
Service could have been a little more prompt, but with a group as large as ours, this seems understandable. 
Worth a visit!Pura Vida has lost a star for me . . . sad day . . . the food is still delish, but had a not so great dining experience there last night and will be walk walk walking there in the future.Had an appointment nearby, and my wife is Costa Rican (Pura Vida is like "Hello" there), so we assumed it was Costa Rican food. More Guatemalen, but muy delicioso !!! I had an eggplant and squash app, with a shrimp ravioli entree. Both exceeded my expectations by miles.
  I wasn't expecting to review this place and wish I had paid a little more attention to the ingredients, but I was hungry and tired. Cilantro, lime, spinach and perfectly prepared shrimp with ravioli was a winner.
  The chef and server, my wife claims a husband and wife team, were warm, friendly and welcoming. The decor all over the Latin American map, but deserving of a more upscale Center City locale.
  If you enjoy Latin cuisine, this is not a taco stand. It IS gourmet Latino comida !!! Prices are comfortable. My only complaint, wish there was more food. Not small portions, I just could have ate more... and more... and more.
  Definitely a restaurant I will be going back to, next time with my own bottle as they are a BYOB. Kudos to the chef, maravillosa !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I have been to Pura Vida for lunch a few times and the service has always been great. The food is delicious -  no tough mystery meat here! In fact, most of it is slow roasted for 6 hours. YUM.  The prices are very reasonable. You can get a loaded burrito for $8 (including guacamole.) Bring cash with you b/c they do not accept credit cards. (My only con for this lovely restaurant.) 
So head on over with your tequila of choice and chow down. Andele!Came here on a Friday evening with two friends.  There were plenty of open tables yet we were made to wait for an extenuated amount of time.  Finally seated, we ordered our food.  It took at least 35 minutes for our appetizer to come out and again, it was not busy.  The food was nothing special, the same with the entrees that followed.  No liquor license, bad service, will not be returning.I would pass this place every once in a while and recently decided to stop in on a whim. I'm glad I did. Their tacos may be some of my favorites in the city and, like someone else mentioned, you can bring your own tequila and have margaritas. We usually try to sit at the same table when we go, because there's a checkerboard on it, so you can play checkers while you wait! The only reason I'm giving Pura Vida four stars is because it isn't open every day and I'm selfish about my Mexican food needs.Super nice service and delicious food. Fun musical atmosphere. Extremely fair prices. And a pretty great flavor pallette.  Note it's a byo that will make you margaritas from their homemade mix. We brought beers, but that option seemed fun too. 
You walk in an the open kitchen is on your right. The chef greets you as you wait a moment for the waitress.
You can sit inside or outside with different Latin music channels playing in each. 
We had the Pura Vida app and it does the namesake justice. The cheese had grill marks and flavor that are so unique. And the curry sauce is a great touch. 
The waitress had a great smile and was playful and had great suggestions for the menu. 
The entrees sound like classic Mexican fare, and they are in style but not always in execution. There's chimichurry sauce. And vegetarian chorizo. But everything is served in one giant plate with rice and beans! And the entrees are all around 10/15 dollars.
I found the place delicious and impressiveI have been here several times, but will not be going back. We waited for an hour and 20 minutes for our food and the waitress barely apologized or refilled our waters. When my vegetarian plate arrived, it was lukewarm, had flour tortillas instead of corn, and the "vegetables" were just green pepper and onions. What a disappointment and waste of $18.Went to eat here on a Saturday at 1pm and the place is closed. Hours on yelp say 10am. Heard the food is good but hoped the rumors that they open and close whenever they desire weren't true..... Oh well.I LOVE this place.  The owners are so friendly and make you feel so welcome.  This is an excellent romantic BYOB.  The prices are more than fair for the exscellent food.
Best Burrito in town in my humble opinion.
Try the Diablo sauce if you can handle it.I use to live couple doors from Pura Vida and this place use to makes me drool almost every day of the week (they are close on Mondays..). I eat in, take out/ dinner or lunch/ large groups or just with a friend - always good times. 
The entire staff is friendly and nice, the food is great and the price is very reasonable. Everything  on the menu is good and they have great vegetarian dishes (Their vegetarian chorizo is awesome).I was just here last night! I had the most breath taking enchiladas. I am definitely a fan and will have to come back with friends!If I could separate ratings for food and service, I would. The food is 4-5 stars but the quality of service is not on the same level. So I ordered take out, arrived at the restaurant and decided I wanted to sit inside the restaurant to eat. The owner told me I couldn't change my mind but offered me a seat outside! It was a Friday afternoon, completely empty! Was he serious?! I won't be going back!*Droooooooooool*  Pura Vida makes enchiladas to die for!!  Seriously, on a frigid January afternoon, this place is the perfect remedy for winter blues.  The chef/owner fuses guatemalan cuisine like a champ. I inquired about throwing a party there and our server mentioned that they could make a special menu for us!! Woohoo!!I waited a long time to try this place. I was not let down. enchilladas were amazing. so much food! Horchata was a little too sweet. service is great. ambiance is really cool. i was surprised this place was not packed when i got there ( a nice surprise though) 
cant wait to go back and try some more of their dishesRun Run Run to Pura Vida.  One of my favorite BYOs in all of Philadelphia.  It was where I first took both my sisters when they came to philadelphia.  Great food, great staff, unbelievably affordable.  A great experience.I love this place, I go there all the time.  Its a great little BYOB that serves a mix of creative latin dishes.  Being a pescatarian I love the abundance of options available, the tamales, pupusitas, quesofritos, and all of the main dishes can be sured vegetarian with no worry of chicken stock added.  They also  recently added a great vegetarian chorizo.   The playero is awesome, its shrimp and ravioli in a rich buttery cilantro garlic sauce.     
Oh, and its always easy to park and I love being able to sit outside when the weather is nice.I truly appreciate BYOBs and this is an awesome one. They even provided limes and a bottle opener for our Coronas--glad we were starting off on the right foot :)
I had the roast pork burrito and it was very good, not the best I've ever had but solid nonetheless. The pork could've used a little more seasoning and the rest of the burrito's filling needing to be a little more jazzed up (like some onions, peppers, etc.). Nevertheless, you get a huge burrito though for $7...but next time I'd put my $7 towards getting my friend's dish. I hate when I order wrong and like someone else's food better :-/
My friend had the "el playero", which consists of nice big shrimp in a garlic butter sauce, cilantro, and ricotta cheese stuffed raviolis. Mmm, mmm, mmm...instant foodgasm. I will def be back for this!
I also loved the decor and the music--made me wanna get up and start salsa dancing :-P
The A/C was on so the restaurant was nice and comfortable on a somewhat muggy summer night and they also had the TV on so I could stay abreast of the World Cup soccer game.
Last but not least, service was impeccable! The young lady who was our server was so nice and made our dining experience one worth repeating.Alright. I gave it a good 6 years and finally had the guts to come back here after hearing many positive reviews about it recently. And I must say...I am pleasantly surprised! I had a chorizo plato meal, which I'm still convinced they gave me the vegan chorizo by accident because the texture was strange but it still tasted really good, so I can't complain. I only got 2 tortillas with the meal which I thought I could have used more, but no biggie--I didn't want to ask for more because we did walk in about 45 mins to closing time and I felt bad about it. Anyway, the waitress was very kind and attentive and the food seemed fresh and was very tasty. I especially enjoyed the salsa and guac! I also enjoyed the music and atmosphere inside. I think I shall be returning here, but next time with a bottle of tequila!I ordered the Gaucho which comes with shrimp and steak.  I told the waitress that I'm allergic to shrimp, and assumed that they would just compensate with more steak.  However, when the dish arrived, it had several small strips of steak and the rest of the plate was filled with salad.  This was definitely not worth $16. 
After we ordered our desserts, the chef/owner came over to tell us that we had to leave because another group with a reservation had shown up.  I understand that they are a small restaurant, but at the same time, we were paying customers and shouldn't be kicked out due to space issues.
The chef/owner then brought over the check, and never gave us our desserts that we had ordered.  I will never eat this restaurant ever again.Very good Mexican BYOB, service is just OK though when I went - a bit slow. I like the margarita mix they give you when you bring your own tequila. Food was authentic.Wonderfully pleasant little BYOB. The server was friendly and attentive, the restaurant is nicely decorated, and they played good music. While I really enjoyed the fresh corn tortillas made for my fish taco, the fish itself (tilapia) was a bit bland. Can I get a little seasoning or marinade on that pretty please? I sampled my friends' huge shredded beef burrito and that was MUCH better than my tacos. Still, I ate for less than $10 and  I'll definitely return with a bottle of tequila!I live a few houses down from this place and have been going there for six years. I have never had a bad experience! The employees are wonderful, the food is mind-blowing. Try the shrimp ceviche, sit outside if you can and bring some tequila so that they can make you margaritas, the Pura Vida is a wonderful appetizer, their quesadillas are mouth water, huge burritos, etc. Their ingredients are super fresh. 
I'm moving to another neighborhood in a week or so, but will definitely return for this restaurant. Probably my favorite in Philadelphia!Food awesome, service not so good. What I despised is that they served the fajitas with NO tortillas and I had my plate of food for 20 minutes before I could actually eat it. How hard is it to warm up tortillas? I would have been happy if they were cold! Due to this both shrimp and steak got rubbery and not hot like fajitas should be. 
With that being said, the food was absolutely incredible. We got taquitos to start (also chips and guac) and I got steak and shrimp fajitas while others in my group got burritos, enchiladas, tacos and quesadillas. All food was fantastic. 
In their defense we were quite a large party and they have a really small kitchen but still... 
I'd go back but not with a group larger than 4 people.Reasonably priced and tasty food, great atmosphere, and byob make for a great time!Small neighborhood Guatemalan-style nook, friendly staff, very reasonable prices, authentic food, in an unassuming decor. Often uncrowded, even empty (much of the business is take-out). The food is consistently delicious. Can't beat the ginger chicken soup!Great mix on the menu and I loved their ceviche and sandwiches.  What an unexpected gem we found while out getting lunch.3 Reasons I Hate Pura Vida
1. Vegetarian Chorizo.... One bite and I was in love. I put it on a burrito with their delicious guacamole. I hate this because just thinking about it makes me drool. Really, I've ruined a few outfits by salivating on them.
2. It is two blocks from my house. It is easy access for me....TOO easy. Upon going to Pura Vida for the first time, I was back at least 6 times that month. I cook at home a lot, so thats really a LOT for me. 
3. It is closed Sunday and Monday. Which is ALWAYS when I crave it. WHY!?
In all seriousness, I love this place. The food is scrumptious, service is fast. And you get a lot of food for you money. 
My one tip is don't sit under the air conditioning unit. I have this really bad habit of sitting at the same table every time I go somewhere, and I always sit at this table. I always end up eating my hair because of this air conditioner.... learn from my mistakes, and remind me to re-read my own review before I venture back again.Cute little place tucked away in a quiet neighborhood. Staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. The enchiladas were to die for. Definitely recommended.the cashier man got very aggitaded because we asked for separate bills. he stated before he would not separate our orders. we barely have 40 minutes to lunch. the last thing i want to do is pay for my co-workers lunches. he became rude, when i asked, well how much was my order, and i will give it to my other friends that were still eatingrs that sat with us both. if getting hassled like that, with an attitude means going somewhere else, and we have given this establishment our constant business, then we will go somewhere else, where they hand you your own check. I mean REALLY? the abbays, the diners, and all other establishments either write up the orders separately or at least tell you how much yours is.
WE WILL GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!...we needed to get going, this was not a group luncheon. just two more co-worke