I had a Groupon for this place so I decided to try it out because my bf loves bbq. We started out with hot & honey wings well done, so they were crispy and the sauce was good. For our entrees, he got the pulled bbq chicken sandwich with a side of baked beans and coleslaw. I got fried fish tacos with a side of fried green tomatoes (i've never tried them before and the waitress said they were good). 
The pulled chicken sandwich was alright (bread was soft at least) but the bbq sauce wasn't my favorite. the baked beans were actually good but the coleslaw was poorly made. bland and just consisted of shredded cabbage (where's the rest of the ingredients?)
my fish tacos were actually pretty good though, could have added a little bit more sauce for taste. the fried green tomatoes we're nicely breaded and fried, but too bad they had no taste.. (i later found out that fried green tomatoes are supposed to have a ranch dip with them, which i didn't get from the waitress).
Probably should've tried their burgers. so MAYBE i'll come back to give them another chance.Bought a groupon to eat here so we decided to try it out during lunch.  Service was a little slow and our waitress could of been more professional.  I ordered the Q-Burrito.  Maybe it was because I'm not really a meat-lover but I thougth the burrito was very ehh and tasteless.  Probably would only be back for drinks or happy hour.Went there with my girlfriend on a Saturday night a few weeks ago to meet up with some friends.  It was about 11:30pm or so.  Went inside and asked one of the waitresses if the kitchen was still open.  She said it was open until 1.  We saw our friends and sat with them at the long table in front of the bar (as opposed to a table).  No problem we were told.  So we waited, and waited and waited.  No one came by to take our order.  (Mind you, the place was EMPTY).  I had asked one of our friends if we needed to order our self, and she said she was told no, that the bartender would come by (who was not more than 5' away from us, just standing there behind the bar).
Saw about 4 different waitresses sitting around, gossiping and not really doing anything.  I saw some older guy who was extremely focused on flipping through ALL 500 OF THE TV CHANNELS.  I went over to him and asked "do you work here"?  He looked at me like I asked if he was from Mars.  I said, "we've been sitting there for about 10 minutes now, and no one has come by to take our order".  He said, "you have to do it yourself" and went back to flipping through the channels (found out later that that was the owner!).
I walked over to the bartender and said, "we need to order some drinks and food".  He looked at me like I asked him what the Rule Against Perpetuities was and said he'd be with me in a minute (he too wasn't doing anything, just hanging out and talking to the equally bored waitresses).  Finally, he came over to our table, took ONE person's drink order (didn't even wait for anyone else to say anything), then scooted back behind the bar, where he took about 3 minutes to pour a beer.  When he came back, I said, "the rest of us would like some drinks and food" and he gave me another look and said, "I didn't think anyone else wanted a drink".  He takes the rest of our drink orders and the food orders (2 ppl ordered food - a desert and a sandwich).
The desert comes out about 10 minutes later (it was ice cream with hot sauce, good, but no idea why it took so long to scoop ice cream in an empty restaurant).  The sandwich never materialized.  When the person asked the bartender about it after waiting an eternity, he said that he didn't think that she ordered anything.  Needless to say, we left shortly thereafter and went to Triumph for drinks.My friends and I were in the area, looking for burgers and stumbled upon this place.  The atmosphere was nice and the wait wasn't too long.  We all had a different gourmet burger and were all very happy with our choices (even the coffee burger!).  
My only complaint was the speed of the service and the temperature. It was busy but not packed inside. It took far too long to get 4 beers, double that time to get refills and even longer to bring out 4 burgers.  We were there for hours at what we assumed would be a quick meal.  
It was also extremely warm inside.  I know we have had an record-setting warm summer, but I was literally sweating while sitting in my seat and I'm the one who brings a jacket with me everywhere I go.
Over all the food was good, the beer was good, just don't be surprised if your waiting so long that you fall asleep at your table.A friend of mine recommended Q BBQ to me a few months ago so I decided to give it a try. Me and a couple friends went there on a Thursday night and sat at one of the tables they had outside. The waitress greeted us quickly and told us about the specials they had, none of which sounded impressive. We ordered a pitcher of the strawberry margaritas first, which were pretty good. 
We placed our order with the waitress when she came back, only to have her come back five minutes later and tell us they were out of the guacamole appetizer that we had ordered. We got the salsa instead, but unfortunately the chips were stale and the salsa was watery.  We waited another 45 minutes for our order. My order of the brisket sandwich was extremely dry and tasted like it had been sitting for some time before it had come out. My Mac and Cheese was very good however. My friend ordered a burger med well which came out with way too much pink in it, but we didn't complain since we had waited long enough for the food anyway and luckily my friend isn't too picky. My other friend ordered the ribs which were just mediocre, definitely not what I had expected from a southern BBQ restaurant.
I would not go back to this place for food unless I was extremely hungry and everywhere else, even Rotten Ralphs was closed. The drinks were worth it, which would be the only reason I went back.Great service - and who knew - some of the best BBQ I've found in Philly.  
I got the wings with the hot + honey sauce; good, but didn't seem to hot.  Above average wings. 
Then I got a half rack of ribs (which they had as part of their late night bar food.)  You don't find ribs this good in the North, period.  
My buddy got the fish tacos which he said were great.
We never waited for a beer, the staff was friendly.  Did I mention the BBQ ribs were great?  They came out with three sauces; needed none, but it was a good variation with each sauce. 
I gotta come back for happy hour (they seem to have great deals each time I walk by.)
On the whole?  A great little surprise in old city that isn't pretentious.This place hit the spot for me!  Place is clean and modern looking inside.  Waitstaff was average, nothing special but no complaints. 
The place had 10 beers on tap which is plenty for me as long as they have an IPA or something kind of hoppy in flavor.  Prices were reasonable (all microbrews were 5).  The pulled pork sandwich was really good and they have a couple of different sauces at your table that are tasty.  Try the sweet BBQ sauce.  The Mac and Cheese is also really good....I like a good amount of cheese which it had.
Overall a good place. Our server informed us that they have a pig roast every Friday.  All you can eat for 10 bucks!  I may try to come back for this.  However, with so many food options in Philly, it's not on my priority list.Great drinks !!! Bartender was so nice and accommodating. The food was blah though. I only tried the tacos and wings.Very poorly run and disorganized, management either does not care or does not exist.  You can get much better BBQ  and much better service almost anywhere else.    Besides the location this place has nothing much to offer in an area packed with great restaurants.   Leave this place for the the bridge and tunnel crowd, don't waste you time or money.Very good margaritas, lots of tasty combinations, fresh ingredients and plenty of tequila! The food, however, left something to be desired. The chicken burrito is basically a chicken wrap.  It's not served warm and doesn't even have salsa in it, just plain tomatoes.  Their homemade BBQ chips are pretty good and I don't even like potato chips.  Will definitely give it another try with a different dish.  My friend thought that her pulled BBQ sandwich was delicious.  Service was also lacking.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. They always have good beers on tap, the staff is extremely attentive and friendly and the food is excellent. I especially love the collards and the mac and cheese. The only negative I can attribute to Q is the weight that I have put on because of them.I have eaten here a couple of times since their open always hoping 1) that the food and service will be a little better and 2)that they might have some amazing cornbread.  I am not a big BBQ fan however I love cornbread.  I thought BBQ and cornbread went hand in hand.  I don't recommend going out of your way to eat a meal here however, if you want to have a beer and some good chips and salsa outside, then Q is your place.  And yes you can just drink outside and there  are normally are tables available.Just had the French Onion burger and very, very tasteless and no aroma.  If 7-11 had a burger for sale in a plastic wrapper, this would be it's product. Any of the major burger chains makes a better burger. The fries were good. The waitresses need more training, as in putting the food down and taking off without bothering to ask if one needs ketchup for the fries. Good beer though but stay away from the burgers. It's almost as if the meat had been microwaved.Ate here twice so far and LOVED the food and drinks. The fish tacos are amazing. I only wish they were bigger or more per order. The house margarita is amazing! The burgers, fries and strawberry milkshake are perfect. Can't really ask for more when it comes to comfort food. 
My ONLY compaint if I had to write one is that it's super dark inside - they need to turn the lights up a but more. Other then that, love eating on their outdoor seating area.This place has good margaritas! Pretty good food but nothing stellar. Outdoor seating is limited but good for people watching. I can take it or leave it.I have had the chance to eat at Q twice over the past few months, usually when Eulogy is to crowded to get a seat but both times I have dined there I have been pleasantly surprised. 
Disclaimer - I am a big BBQ fan and lived in Nashville TN for three years so I am somewhat of a BBQ Snob. 
I did not expect to find decent barbecue in the middle of Old City but was pleasantly surprised by their pulled pork, which is by far their best item on their menu. I have also had a chance to have their spare-ribs which were adequate and also sampled their beef brisket, which was a little dry. The portions are large and its not incredibly expensive and there is usually seats available outside. The beer list is average, nothing to write home about.The food was edible but the service left much to be desired, sending this while sitting outside the restaurant.This place is pretty banging. A little spicy but a o k. The chips and roja were good,  but don't plan on spending the night when a significant other if you are going to eat it, if you catch my drift because I am feeling it this morning. But I would defiantly go back!Margaritas were WEAK beyond belief. Our waitress was good and attentive. The pulled pork was amazing. However, the place was dead on a Saturday night...Dining at Q BBQ & Tequila in old city was a surprisingly awful experience given their prime location. The service was poor. The order came out wrong, there were no utensils on the table when the food arrived. The ribs were supposed to come with cold slaw. There was none. The 2nd choice was potato salad. Also out - and it was only 5pm. The kaiser rolls on the turkey burgers were tough & stale. The "mixed greens" in the Southern smoked chicken salad were a mix of yellow to pale green cheap iceberg lettuce. I could have poured a better salad from a bag at the grocery store. The guacamole was missing. 
There was no apology - not even a thank you. I would include the waitresses name but she didn't bother to introduce herself. 
The background music was great.Don't bother eating here. Too loud, too hot, service fair, food terrible. I waisted time and money at this place yesterday enough said.I brought my 15yr old son and his friend here one day for an early dinner. Parking was easy (street parking) and the weather was nice. They have a nice outdoor seating area for people watching and drinks, but we ate inside with the AC. We ordered a variety of food since they offer Mexican and BBQ, it's the best way to really check out a restaurant. We ordered wings, tacos, and quesadillas to start, great food! Then we ordered a slab of ribs, cheese grits, a variety meat platter with I think brisket, pulled pork and some ribs... I wasn't  sure about the potato salad because not everyone can make good potato salad so the waitress let me try some and that was a good idea, because not only did I order it with the meal, we ordered more later! I know we ordered a couple more sides but I cant remember what they were. I wanted the fried green tomatos but they weren't in season. I was pretty impressed with the ribs, they were big racks and very tender and tasty!! (I'm somewhat familiar with bbq since I've worked at a bbq restaurant) All the food was great but the ribs was what I would come for! We ended up eating so much of the food, there was none left over and I ordered another rack of ribs with sides to take home for my husbands dinner. A full rack of ribs was $24, I thought it was a great price for them, they were big and meaty. I hope it's still that good when we go again!Right after the Backstage Pass party, I headed over to a private mixer at Q at which a high volume of attendees were expected.  When it isn't overly crowded, it's a nice place to hang out with ample seating space and a dance floor with a built-in cushioned bench on the wall.  However, when more people started to arrive, it grew increasingly harder to move around without having to squeeze past people.  At this point in time I cannot attest to the quality of their food and beverage offerings, but I hope to come back and give them a try when the restaurant is open to the public.We went to this spot after a day of hanging in Philly.  It 's a cool laid back place in hip ole city with very tasty grub.  The drinks are very very good! I, of course, had a margarita (no salt pls :) Brisket (no bun) and green beans.  LOL yeah, I am a lil' picky, but they made me a happy lady.  Even better, they had multiple screens showing ALL football...AHHHH! Nice.Great food. Love the margaritas and love the tacos. My biggest gripe is the service is TERRIBLE!!
I have been to this restaurant twice and both times the service is horrible. Our waitress basically just ignored us. We had to get up and order our drinks from the bar. That was the only way we were going to get our drinks. 
It's a shame our waitress was bad, because my husband is a generous tipper, however you must EARN it!!Came back again tonight with a group of friends because our plan had failed at another place. A lot of other places were packed so Q BBQ was our last resort. This time I got the Smoke House Burger with fries. The burger was actually pretty good, I enjoyed it so i gave it another star. My friend got a regular q burger and added mushrooms and provolone and she said it was good too. Other friends got the bbq combo and I guess they enjoyed themselves but one did say he's had better BBQ before. Unfortunately, the boy got Jalapeno Popper Burger which wasn't what he had expected, barely any jalapeno flavor and not enough cheese (stuffed burger fail). 
BBQ fries is just BBQ seasoning over fries in case anyone thought they were any special. green bean sides were mediocre (had no flavor in my opinion).. tonight, they didn't have half of their sides on the menu. 
i don't know. q bbq just hasn't been anything really special. doesn't pop out for me. i don't drink much so their drink doesn't phase me :\Update: I returned with a group and got to try more things. The BBQ is still just okay  - no comparison to Sweet Lucy's, Tommy Gunns or the late, lamented Smoked Joint, but it will do the job. The Mexican side of the menu was tasty - mostly your basic quesadillas, flour tortilla tacos, etc. A step above Mexican Post, a step down from a S. Philly taqueria.  The Margaritas are very good. The traditional lime almost as good as Copa, the strawberry basil a revelation. Nice beer list, reasonably priced. Don't come here for super-authentic BBQ and Mexican, but do come here for good bar food, nice service, great atmosphere and fair prices. By old city standards, that is saying a lot.I visited here on a whim with a friend last night.  The food was good.  I had the combo platter of BBQ chicken and pulled pork.  The pork was definitely the better of the two.  My side of mac and cheese was bland.  My friend, on the other hand, had the brisket.  He said it was among the best he has had.  And, his fries were delicious.  (I'd choose them as the side when going back again.) 
The drinks were definitely the best part!  They have a number of margaritas, all made with fresh fruit.  I had the pear ginger and it was GOOD.  
Overall, I'd recommend it.  I'll be going back again...If you're ever in need of hugs and fried okra, Q BBQ & Tequila will help as long as you're in rad company. 
The BBQ french fries are kind of awesome in that they're french fries, but coated in BBQ seasoning, so they're completely primed to be dipped in ranch dressing. Yeah, you heard me. That's the midwest talking: BBQ rub + ranch dressing on French Fries. Eat 'em up.
The guacamole is fine. The chips are great, and it's really fun because they're basically puffed up crunchy grease bombs...so whenever you take a bite, aim properly and you'll squirt your date with some chip oil. That's totally sexy.Stopped in here for a late lunch at the recommendation of the receptionist at my doctors office. She said they would have a great hellfire sauce to cure any winter time cold! It turns out that's not the only great thing to come out of this great old city kitchen. The fish tacos and mac n cheese I had, and the rib combo my boyfriend had were to die for! Not only that; they have $3 margaritas on Mondays which allowed us to spend a little extra on a flight of some really awesome tequila. The bartender really knew her stuff which made it even more enjoyable. 
Will be back for sureI don't know about the BBQ, but the tequila is top notch. 
As somewhat of a tequila snob in a city that seems to think Patron Silver is the best around, it's nice to find a place that has such a good selection and doesn't mark it up through the roof either. However, don't expect any recommendations from the bar staff, since they don't seem too educated on the subject. On the other hand, if you know what you want, they probably have it, and will serve it up with a smile.
Any place in this town that has Asombroso on the shelf gets an A in my book, even if the neon sign over the bar reads the old restaurant name...Waking up from a long, hazy night in Old City, my boyfriend and his friend spontaneously remembered eating ribs and tacos during their walk home. In their drunken stupor, they exclaimed about finding a wonderful rib and taco stand saying "It was the BEST I've ever had." Considering their lacking  sobriety, I really doubted their opinion and legitimacy of them actually finding these mystical eats. 
Cut to us driving past Q BBQ & Tequila on a weekend night and seeing this "godly" food stand. 
Well, it was only a matter of time we returned, sober, and during the day after finding our usual lunch spot was closed.
First and foremost, our waters took five minutes to come out. Being that there were only two other tables in the restaurant, I feel like this was a bit long. As I went to take a sip, I saw a large black bug in the bottom of my glass. Before I could say anything, my two other dining companions noticed the same. BUGS. They were promptly replaced as our food came out not too long after.
The pulled pork was completely underwhelming. The sauces on the side were grossly watered down. My guacamole was actually really good, but had large chunks of hard, unripe avocado thrown into the bunch. 
The biggest issue was the chips. Upon the first bite I almost broke my front teeth and realized the chips were ABHORRENTLY stale. I was completely over having to even try with this place that I dug around and found "fresh" ones on the bottom. 
Everyone felt like poop after eating, wished we would have gone anywhere else and weren't happy campers. 
Yes, I'm positive his blacked out self will return once again at two a.m. in search of pork tacos but in his words "Never again sober!" but I'll expend my precious calories somewhere else.Painfully slow, forgetful, awkward and near-absent service with sub-par food is the makings of a place that is going down the gutter, and fast.
A pulled pork sandwich that is made up of more pulled fat and gristle than actual pork - was one of the worst sandwiches I've had in recent history.   The only reason I attempted to eat it was that I was starved. famished.  (ah, the things we do in the name of an appetite!)  And I knew better than to complain because after surveying and tasting my friends' dishes, I found that if a kitchen can't even get a handle on making a quesadilla, then there really is no hope for improvement.
Besides why go here for bbq when we've got Percy's, Smokin' Betty's and Ron's Ribs?
This place has prime real estate and it's a shame that it is wasted on yet another establishment that serves crap at the hands of a clueless and useless waitstaff.My boyfriend and I were here last night for dinner and it didn't disappoint.  We'd first checked it out for a quick lunch about a year ago and decided to give it another shot when we were in the 'hood for a movie.  I was actually kind of surprised how empty the place was - 8 Saturday night felt a little more like 11 pm on a Tuesday.  We were half toasted to begin with and decided to start with the chips and guacamole.  The chips  were stale and the guac was bland, but it did the job.  My better half (who is also embarrassingly cheap) asked for more guac and she offered us some salsa for free.  Holy hell - where has this been all my life?  It was just perfect.  Hot, great flavor, perfect blended texture...I will go back for a round of tequila with chips and salsa, if nothing else.
I ordered the combo platter with brisket, spare ribs, fries, and coleslaw.  The mister just got a medium order of spare ribs.  My brisket was absolutely delicious (last time I'd had the brisket sandwich and it was perfect as well).  The fries were salty and crisp - perfect drunk food and so good they didn't require a bit of sauce.  Coleslaw was a pretty paltry portion, but very good...crisp, light, and a great counterpart to the spicy sauce.  My ribs were cold and so were his.  He sent them back and I think they nuked them...I didn't bother since I knew I wouldn't be able to eat it all anyway.  We had enough leftovers to share for lunch the next day. 
Overall solid food. Not the best BBQ I've ever had, but in the culinary black hole that is Old City, it was a solid meal.Some of the worse fish taco's I've ever tasted in my life! Absolutely no flavor to them just the a soft taco shells, fish, lettuce and onions with two salsas on the side no flavor to the fish and salsa can do but so much. 
Got the fried green tomato as well, they were pretty good a bit spicy for my taste but can't rate them on that being I'm the one that isn't a huge fan of spicy food. 
Ordered a Sprite, was asked if we wanted a refill, I asked are they free, the waitress said no. I've made it a habit to ask due to past experiences:) Yet it makes me mad when it's not mentioned being you have to know people are getting refills on the basis of the free and may mean a larger bill for the moment but a lost customer isn't really worth that. 
Lastly my waitress wasn't the best, aside from the soda, she didn't come over to our tables to see if we needed anything and asked about soda refills when we were just about done our food....and now that I think about it it wasn't our waitress that asked if we wanted a refill it was another who sent our waitress over with water being the refills were not free. 
Another plus the food did come out fast, yet maybe a bit too fast, made me wonder if it was just warmed and brought out. 
My daughter's quesadilla's were pretty good too. If I take the chance and go again I could see this getting at least three stars.In the interest of full disclosure, I went here on Cinco de Mayo, without looking to have a "cinco de mayo experience."  My roommate and I had just finished moving into a new apartment around the corner from here, and wanted to head out to grab a bite.  Realizing that many of the Old City establishments seemed packed due to the festivities, we stumbled upon this place, which comparatively didn't seem too crowded.  They informed us that it would be about 30 mins for a table.  Fine, its Cinco de Mayo, let's go to the bar. After waiting, and then being seated, however, it seems as though we were forgotten.  We wound up being seated for over an hour and a half, with approximately 20 minutes spent on food and drinks.  We're two guys, we tend not to linger.  Any other restaurant, we could have been in and out in a half hour.  
The food leaves much to be desired as well.  I had a brisket sandwich which was on the verge of cold, fatty, and lacked any significant flavor.  The sides weren't great either, though my buddy said his mac & cheese was the highlight of the meal.  Moral of the story: I've had BBQ from chain restaurants that's been better.  
I'm hoping this was just an off day for this place.  It seems like it could be really good.  Nice atmosphere, nice menu, etc.  Maybe we'll give it another shot, but it'll probably take some convincing.Went for: Drinks (no food)
It was very hot inside with just a fan "trying" to keep the place cool.
The place has a bbq vibe to it. Lots of wood design and relaxed decor with outdoor seating. I hear the place has good food and is known for spicy wings. 
The drinks can be a little pricey, if you go a little outside the normal beer. 
I would try it again for dinner and a beer.Def awesome bbq food. I do agree the service is slow but worth the wait. Had the spicy margarita and the Hawaiian margarita both great :) best pulled pork I've ever had, and awesome sauces!My wife and I shared a dish of ribs and pulled pork. Service was aweful for a thursday night.  Eventually when the food came out it wad cold. Didn't want to send it back as it was already too long to be there.  Food was tasty though.Warning: My first experience was on Cinco de Mayo so the service may not have been normal. However, I am standing strong with 1 star because the food was the worst part of the whole experience, and I feel that should be consistent no matter the night.
We expected it be busy when we arrived, and the hostess informed us there was an hour wait for a table. Not in a rush to eat, we headed to the bar for margaritas. I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty and authentic they were (didn't taste like a mix although I believe they used one). My friend attempted to by the 2nd round, but gave up after waiting for 20 minutes. When we finally got our drinks, I was extremely disappointed that it tasted NOTHING like the first round. They re-made them for us but still it was still not that great. 
After about 30 minutes the hostess called our name and sat us at a table. This may have been a mistake, since we waited forever for a waitress to arrive. Finally after a lot of frustration, we flagged someone down. She said she wasn't our waitress but would help us anyway. We ordered chips and roja, tacos, and a quesadillas. While the chips were great and tasted homemade, it was not enough to boost the review. At first glance the entrees looked tasty, but it was all a facade. The meat was so smokey it tasted like it had been marinated in cigarettes. And we ordered three different types of meat so it was obviously not a mistake. After a few bites, we lost our appetites and did not finish our food.
After waiving down the waitress a second time, we were finally able to order another round of drinks. She informed us she was really busy and had nine other tables to deal with.... not OK. The restaurant is pretty small with about 15 tables and 4 servers.... they should have been able to handle it.
I WILL NEVER, EVER COME BACK HEREWe stopped in here during a very busy time, but we had a great time. The draft beer list was great and the BBQ sampler and soft shell crab sandwich with homemade BBQ chips were finger lickin' good! Even the waitress, thought busy as hell, always had a smile on her face and was super pleasant! (you know, the way good service should be!)
My friend had her birthday party here and they offered a nice $20 special that gave all-you-can-drink well drinks and some cheaper beers and food specials. Not a bad deal! 
I especially like the outdoor seating available in the front. All-in-all, I'd return here. They also have a special on Groupon Now!, if you like that sort of thing!AMAZING chips and roja for $3, Kenzinger on tap and around the corner from my house. I'd easily recommend Q for a few happy hour beers after work, but I'd probably send you somewhere else for dinner. I've eaten a full meal here just once and it was okay. The service was excellent, but the food was unremarkable.Been here a few times, wanting to like it,  and every time I come away disappointed.
The most recent trip here was for cinco de mayo/ the kentucky derby. The place wasn't that busy considering that the place has tequilla as half the theme. Despite not being busy, the service was pretty bad. It was very tough to get our waitresses' attention, and she didn't read us off the specials of the day, despite another waitress reading of the specials to the group right next to us.
The hot wings despite having a warning on them that are unreturnable for being so spicy barely even made me grab for my water.
The chicken quesadilla came out very soggy, and not very flavorful.
Cheeseburgers that I have tried here were also not very good at all. I would not be surprised to see this place close within the year, and in fact I thought it was.
I thought their appearance on the food network a few months back might improve some of their execution, but it has not even made a stir.Let me begin by saying, I use to be a fan of this place. The ribs are good and their margaritas are tasty. My feelings changed the other night, however when me and some friends went there for a birthday dinner. It was 10 of us and the place was empty. The staff did everything in their power to make us seem unwanted, like our desire to dine in their establishment was inconveniencing them. Half our party ate without place settings, only three menus were brought for the entire table, half our meals were late our incorrect, no drinks were offered and no refills were given, the gift certificate we called ahead of time to OK was no not honored, I could go on. I hate to say it was a race issue, but it certainly felt that way. We are all mature professionals and serious foodies, and there are way too many amazing places to eat in Philadelphia to waste time with that kind of nonsense. To top things off, the next day everyone one of us felt ill. I hesitate to suggest our food was purposely tainted, but having vicious stomach pains and nausea after facing that kind of treatment definitely makes me wonder if someone purposely did something funny in the kitchen. Maybe it was just poor quality or inadequate food handling, I don't know. Either way, definitely the last time I eat there.Quick facts:
- Salads are HUGE!
- Margaritas $6 for the classic, and they rather small
- Friday night is $10 all you can eat pig roast
- BBQ is great
- Their salsa is yummmmy!
There is outdoor seating and their front opens up so even if you are inside you get the joy of the outdoors. I am used the getting margaritas either in a margarita glass, or in a tumbler, but here they use much smaller glasses, so I wasn't a fan of that. 
The food tasted really good, the salad that I got was HUGE and loaded with stuff, it lasted me another 2 days. The menu itself had so many options with bbq and texmex items. The bbq sandwich, they did right and put coleslaw on it - kudos to them!I was here two different times and did not have a good experience either of the times. The first time was  Sunday night, with not too many people in the restaurant, and they were out of almost everything. For a BBQ place, you would think they should have a good supply of their ribs (they were out of all kinds) and chicken wings. The server never told us either, until we were rattling off things we wanted on the menu and she kept saying they were out. The food that actually did come out was not bad, just nothing special. the second time, the server sat up at the bar and talked to the bartender the whole time, and barely paid attention to our table. Again, they were out of several things that we wanted.
The only plus side is the outdoor patio, so I would consider coming back for drinks to sit outside and couldn't find anywhere else in the area to do it, but other than that, no.I'm so confused by all the bad reviews for this place because my boyfriend and I had an amazing dinner here this past Friday.  I ordered a 1/4 barbecue chicken plate with fries and coleslaw - and he got the smokehouse burger.
The chicken was moist, flavorful, and pretty much the best thing ever.  I tried the burger and that was also fantastic - made from their blend of angus chuck and brisket.  The thinly sliced fries were crispy, and my coleslaw was perfect.  We also split an order of the mac & cheese, which was creamy and topped with breadcrumbs.  Definitely a home run.  I loved that we had three different barbecue sauces to try - my personal favorite was the Caroline style sauce.
For drinks, I had margaritas - a traditional, and a strawberry basil, both of which were nice and tart, and not lacking in the tequila department.  My boyfriend was a little less than impressed by the beer selection, as that's definitely something they advertise as being a mainly craft list (I get PBR, but Rolling Rock?), but Hop Hogs did the trick.
Service was attentive and friendly.  Maybe the chef has paid attention to criticism, because we left filled and happy.  We'll definitely be back.So I made a short trip to Philly to check out the old stomping grounds and figured we grab a bite.  Locals recommended Q Barbecue.  Not a bad selection overall.
I like the location and the decor.  The outside deck is nice especially due to the trees along the street.  The tequila selection is quite vast (i'm not too into tequila so I stuck with a brew).  I ordered the beef brisket and the baked beans.  The beef brisket was OK but lacked a robust flavor I would expect from a joint like this.  The baked beans were out of this world so that took the overall rating up a bit.  
My girlfriend ordered the pork sandwich which was pretty tasty.  She had a side of fries which were pretty lame.  I'd upgrade on those lame fries and bring in a more hearty fry.   I also wish their rolls were a sturdier choice.  They're OK but I think they need a roll that can stand up to the sauces they're using on their sandwiches.
Overall our meal was pretty good and I'd recommend it for an afternoon lunch, especially since they have quite a few tables and a decent size bar.  I'm really given this a 3.5 star but like I said before, I'm an optimist so I always bump it up to the next star.  You won't be disappointed especially if you get the baked beans (yum).
Whhhhewwwww!   Damn those beans!After a day of bar hoping, we decided to grab something to eat and happened upon this place.  I was surprised they sat our group of 8 right away and someone came to take our drink order.  The Margarita was average, nothing to write home about.  
We were all starving so we put the food orders in ASAP.  We ordered the hot honey wings and were disappointed when they didn't have any heat.  I ordered the 1/4 bbq chicken with greenbeans and it's was OK, but I wasn't all that impressed.  Two of the guys ordered the Kona burger with pineapple and there are no words for how disgusting it was.  The burger ordered medium rare came out gray and the medium well was like a hockey puck.  Personally I think it sounded bad on the menu(coffee crusted hamburger - no thanks!).  There wasn't much coming back from the debacle of those burgers.  
They weren't all that busy, especially for a Saturday night, but we came in around 9pm so maybe we missed the rush.  That being said, the service was on the slow side...maybe they were trying to give you an authentic southern experience??  
The night we visited also happened to be the hottest day of the year, hitting the triple digits.  I'm not sure if the AC was broken, or what the problem was, but it was atleast 80+ degrees in there. Additionaly,  I couldn't ignore the giant buffalo head wearing a sombrero hanging on the wall.  It was like the Mona Lisa, it's eyes following me everywhere.  I don't think we will be visiting again, the buffalo will need to make a new friend.I can appreciate a business that changes with the times and clientele. I usually passed by the Philadelphia Fish & Company in search of cheaper eats on a weeknight. Now, the PF&C crew have revamped their restaurant into southern BBQ and Mexican cuisine with SIXTY kinds of tequila! 
With only three days under their belt, they are excited and receptive to customer input. I think it's a great change of pace. 
I've never heard of a burrito with pulled pork, collard greens, cole slaw and baked beans before! It did not disappoint. They offer several blends of BBQ sauces to douse on your pork ribs or pulled pork or chicken sandwiches. Traditional collard greens with smoked ham, mac and cheese, and fried green tomatoes were our sides of choice. I'm not sure how "down home" panko breadcrumbs are, and I may very well be the last person that should ever be a judge BBQ, but the food was good! The salsa verde had some KICK! 
It still has a classy restaurant feel to it, with a TV viewable from every seat.This new joint will surely suit the needs of many Olde City folks looking for a hearty helping of BBQ, either for an evening out or just hanging out at the bar to watch the game. 
Feel free to ask about the food, as the service is friendly and the menu is intriguing.There was no air conditioning only a large fan and the doors were open. It was cooler outside than inside. We ordered drinks and were immediately told that there was no beer available on tap backlash there was an issue where the beer was warm. We ordered margaritas and they tasted like they put a drop of tequila in. We looked over the menu and the server informed us that they were no burgers, brisket or mac and cheese so basically we had half the menu to choose from. 
Our appetizers were good, we had the BBQ pork fries and wings. We received our entrees and were missing the coleslaw. When I asked where it was, I was told they were out of it and it was only a little bit anyway so it didn't matter. No sub was even offered. Overall, the entrees were below average. It's a shame because the concept was really cool and the decor was very nice. We were really disappointed and would never go back. Our server was very friendly, but it's too bad she is working at a sorry excuse of a restaurant.I am seriously so bummed to give one of the few BBQ places in Philly a bad review but alas, it really must occur. 
Several friends of mine decided to eat here before the Yelp Elite event around the corner and we were totally pumped because half of them loved the food. Me, being a total BBQ fiend, was totally down for it. Unfortunately the place neglected to deliver on all fronts. 
In terms of food? It was not so much good. In an effort to be healthy, I ordered the fish tacos, which came with one taco less than the others listed but I was ok with that because I wasn't super hungry to begin with (also it said it came with two as opposed to 3). Unfortunately, my desire to be healthy was thwarted because their menu neglects to mention that their fish tacos are fried. Frankly, that's unacceptable on two levels because not only is that crucial serving standard ignored but anyone who knows anything about pesce tacos knows that they ARE NOT fried. To top that off, our server mixed up our other friends burgers to the point where the one who wanted medium got well done and the one who wanted well got medium. Also - when we mentioned the mistake to her she apparently just wanted us to leave because she cleared all of our plates away without asking if we were finished - just because we hated the main portion doesn't mean we weren't going to eat the one mildly edible part (their frozen-from-the-bag-fries). To top it off, it took us two attempts to get our server to acknowledge our gift certificate. She was clearly not the brightest. 
The only super delicious part of the meal was the mac n cheese, which is honestly the only reason they are getting 2 stars.
Get your shit together, Q BBQ. You have (in theory) an amazing menu but unfortunately you seem to not care about what you're serving. 
Also clean your lines in between kegs. You can advertise Great Lakes Christmas all you want but it seriously tasted and smelled like you just put it on a PBR line in hopes that no one would notice. 
Unless a drastic change to your food and service occurs I will most definitely not be back.The service was okay.
We got the hickory smoked ribs. We are big rib people.
I was disappointed. The ribs were extremely tough and did not fall of the bone.
These guys would get laughed at in a rib completion. 
Maybe it was just a bad night idk.This restaurant not only taunts your taste buds, but it is in a quiet spot in Olde Town.  Once you enter the door you get the sense that you have come home.  With all of the dark, rich wood of an upscale Boston Irish Pub, this place sets you at ease the minute you cross the threshold.  
The staff are prompt to tend to your every need and sensitive to know enough to leave you alone when you take an important call.  You can ask for specific and personal nuances with your meal and you get exactly what you want with no attitude...only attentiveness.  
Once the BBQ arrives that will be the focus of the rest of the evening.  You will try - and fail - to figure out the intricacies of each layer of flavoring.  Go ahead; see if you can figure out the base, the smoke, the rub, the finish.  It is tough.  
What I will tell you is that from the first bite until you hit the pillow you will drift in and out of being able to identify the fancy of the flavors you experienced at Q BBQ.  And still you won't really know, only get faint suggestions of flavor and hints of taste.
You want a real treat?  Ask to talk with Tom Stewart - one of the owners.  See if you can drag out of him any piece of what it is that sets his style apart from others.  You won't stand a chance.  Like a good son of North Carolina he hides his secrets behind the mystery and manners of Southern life and Southern ways.  His momma should be proud...slaw and BBQ recipes still intact.  He won't even share where he buys his fare to fix it all up.
I put a challenge to him that I know he will engage: "Give us something with bourbon and plums in the base; bourbon and prunes.". He can go wild on the rub and smoke, but let's  start with bourbon and plums.  I know he can do it.
Head out to this place and just relish the food, try to decipher the flavors, and get all jacked up on culinary layering.  It is a great place, with great people, and great food...you need to let food be a mystery every once in a while.  This here is a good place to do that.Dinner was lacking. I ordered their pulled pork on a soggy roll and some delicious bbq-rubbed fries. For dessert, a moldy pecan pie. Not quite the happy ending I was imagining.  There are so many better restaurants, although I did enjoy the outdoor seating and tequila.Just had dinner there tonight.  The ribs were lean, tasty and not fatty nor greasy.  I've eaten ribs all over the world and these were good.  They came with a nice spicy flavor.  Three different sauces came with the ribs but none were needed.  Service was excellent. A dark beer on tap complemented the ribs.The food was ok. We had pulled pork and ribs. There was not much spice. They have sauces on the table, the Q sauce was supposed
to be spicy, but it wasn't.
We asked for hot sauce and they took a long time to get it. All the time
we were hoping the chef was mixing up some killer concoction. In the end they brought a bottle of Cholula Sauce.My first trip to Q was actually foiled by a private party that closed the kitchen to other patrons.  We were told we could get drinks at the bar, but no food.  We left and came back two weeks later.
Upon arrival, we crossed our fingers hoping there wouldn't be another private party.  There wasn't.  The hostess told us we would be waiting about 20 minutes for a table.  That was fine, so we went to the bar.  Apparently their bartender is pretty terrible at his job.  He was running around like a chicken without a head, not really doing much of anything.  He bristled right past my openly-displayed $20 to present the tab for the man next to me.
Lucky for us, our table was ready in about half the quoted time. After being seated, we waited some more. And waited. And waited. Our server, when he did arrive, was pleasant and helpful. The food was also pretty tasty. I would definitely go back on a weeknight.  Unfortunately, my Q experience is destined to be marred by large parties - a group of about 12 people was taking most of our server's attention.
I am a huge fan of BBQ, and there are limited options in Philly.  Q is definitely a great place to eat. I wish i could give it a higher rating, but the staff needs a little bit of work to get it just right.What to say about Q? Well it all started when my friend described the "best burger he's had in the city". Me being one to take friend recommendations very highly, organized a group of us to head to olde city to check this place out. 
Upon arriving at Q, which is right near the very good Triumph brewery and Eulogy Tavern, I noticed how empty it was. A couple people here, no  one at the bar, the place was cavernous! We all sat down and waited, and we waited, and then we flagged down a waitress. 
I ordered a similar burger to what my friend described that he had, and upon receiving this paltry excuse for a burger I tried to not judge a book by it's cover. But it looks like I should have. Flavorless, dry, all around not good. Luckily there were a selection of BBQ sauces that I was able to douse this thing in.
Maybe we just had an off night, but it will take something magical to get me back to Q again.I stopped in this place on a Saturday afternoon few weeks ago to satisfy my craving for BBQ and while I didn't have any expectations, upon leaving I found myself disappointed. Maybe it's because I've been spoiled by my family's Southern BBQ but I absolutely hate when I get BBQ and It tastes like they skipped the entire barbecuing process and dumped a bunch of liquid smoke on the meat to give it "smokey flavor." While the brisket and pulled pork was tender and the combo platter ample, the meat rendered itself artificial in taste. I had coleslaw as my side and I found it bland; just shredded cabbage in a runny mayo based sauce. The beer selection could use some additions but I guess you don't go there for the beer. And unfortunately I was there when a small grub of obnoxious pub crawlers were there making my experience slightly less enjoyable. However I  will say that the servers were friendly and attentive enough. Still my quest for good BBQ continues...Food: 2.5
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3.5
Value: 3
Nothing particularly good here, not a surprise that they didn't last.Was about to review this, but I have found that this place is now closed.  I am not surprised.  I went here because they ran a Groupon deal (the first sign they weren't doing so well) and the food was mediocre.  Didn't feel well after eating it either.
Hopefully an awesome restaurant gets put in its place.Food is lousy.  Wings are taste like they came out of a bag.  Ribs are bland and dry.  Mac 'n' cheese was okay.  Service was friendly.Went there on opening night and I was impressed with how well they had it together. Starters were fantastic - we had fried green tomoatoes and mac and cheese. Pulled pork sandwhich was just okay...the taste was there, sauce packed a major punch, but the bun was soo soggy I couldn't pick it up and the pork was a little tough.  BUT... the price was so reasonable I would still go back.  Only major disappointment were the "BBQ" fries...basically regular french fries with a side of BBQ sauce (which, oddly enough was a different BBQ sauce used on the pork sandwhich)...they were okay but I expected something special I guess, some seasoning on the fries maybe?
Overall, 3 stars for dinner, 5 stars for some app's and beers by the barI don't know if this was just an off night at Q (I'm thinking not, reading other reviews), but it felt like this location had opened its doors just hours before we entered, chaos and all. 
I came in reservationless and was told it would be a 20 minute wait for a two top. No biggie, they had a bar and I spotted a pumpkin ale on tap. It took literally 10 minutes for the bartender to even acknowledge my presence which kind of peeved me but they seemed to be dealing with some issue. There were 2-3 people running behind the bar helping with drinks with about as much skill as a first-day-on-the-job bartender. Oh well, my beer was tasty.
We were seated after about 20 mins (I appreciate the correct estimate on time) and given the menu. About 10 minutes later, a waitress came over and took our order. We settled on a fish quesadilla to split, I got the BBQ chicken, and my boyfriend got the combo platter with ribs and brisket. The fish quesadilla came out in a reasonable amount of time and was pretty tasty but they were seriously skimping on the pico de gallo, boo. 
About 15 minutes after finishing the app, our waitress comes back over and says "didn't you order more food? hm, maybe it will come out" .... what?  what kind of comment is that? 
A few minutes later our "possible" food came out. Big dishes, well cooked,and super juicy. We asked for ketchup for our fries but never got it, i think the waitress was pretty darn aloof. 
During all this, our app plate continued to sit on our tiny table, making quite the crowded situation.
In summary: good food, service absolutely horrible. If i didn't have a restaurant.com gift certificate to offset some of the price, this place honestly might have received 1 star from me.
Seriously Q, you're in Old City, competition is stiff. I am honestly stunned this place hasn't gone under yet.So, I decide to go on walk with my boyfriend one afternoon on the water front and landed into this place which promised tequila and BBQ... how could it be bad?!
Well... the only margarita's they had to offer where jalapeno something or strawberry cilantro or something like that. When I asked if I could order a normal fruity flavored margarita or a house margarita my waitress responded with "let me go check" and returned 10 minutes later with a no. Coming from a bartender.. anyone can make a house margarita.. but instead of arguing I ordered a water.
I ordered 3 items off of the menu.. all of which I was told were out.
Ordered guacamole the asked for the bill .. only to be charged 10$ for the tiniest amount.
Thanks... but no thanks.REALLY wanted to try this place since its opening, so I was pretty excited when my friend agreed to come here for another friend's birthday dinner and drinks. Good selection of beers on tap AND variety of margarita flavors, how can this night go wrong? Uhhh.... you can only order happy hour drinks at the bar... HUH? The waitress can't just walk to the bar and order them? I wouldn't have mind to sit at the bar for the happy hour special then grab a table, but we already sat down at our table. 
Then our waitress misheard quarter rack for half rack? I know I'm asian, but.. heck.... even my friends looked at my plate weird when I got it. Honestly, I should've stuck with the quarter rack bc the ribs were dry. OMG.... I love ribs and I've never had such dry ribs in my life. All the sauce on the table couldn't save it. Also I tend to like my rib sauces thicker, the sauces on the table were as liquid as H2O. Another thing I noticed with the ribs, they didn't cut the extra chewy meat from the back. Anyhow, I could only eat 5 and left a whole rib, A WHOLE RIB untouched, on the plate. I'm asian, I was taught to eat everything on my plate and clean the bones. I just couldn't do it and ask any of my friends bc I can eat. Thank god my shock top made my experience a bit better.
My friend ordered a gin and tonic, nothing fancy. It tasted weird. Turns out the bartender was fiddling with something and put half tonic half seltzer - at least that's what the waitress told us. I really don't think I'll be coming back to this place for the food.... possibly for the beers on tap if I'm in old city. I'd rather drive out to lucy's smokehouse for AYCE bbq or Famous Dave's.... Now that's a BBQ.The boyfriend and I went here this past Saturday for dinner.  I was very pleased with the food (pulled pork sandwich with cheddar grits).  Just be warned cole slaw haters: it comes on the sandwich, and the menu does not mention this.  Boyfriend was also happy with his bbq brisket and sausage.  Also not disappointed with the margaritas.
Now, the reason I gave 3 stars instead of 4 was the service.  Our waiter was great until he dropped our food off.  We didn't see him again until our table was cleared by someone else and we were ready for the check.  And even then we had to flag him down.  So if you get the older bald guy as a waiter, beware.We managed to snag an outdoor table Saturday around dinner time, just as the sun was settting.  I had the impression the food would be mexican (tequila = mexcian food in my head).  And altho there were tacos, one of the sides was cheese grits- so yeah, don't sterotype.
The food is all hearty southern/bbq/ tex-mex meaty food, so I was happy to see a separate Vegetarian section, even if it wasn't half as inspired as the meat options: Quesadillas, Bbq Spaghetti (sorry, but that sounds awful), & Veg Chorizo (fake soy meat) tacos. I got the tacos & they were pretty darn good. The green spicy sauce they came with was so good I ended up dipping my fried green (red) tomatoes in it too.  My husband got the "big ass burger" - the anti-vegetarian menu item with meat on top of meat on top of meat... it was huge.  Overall the food was great.  But the margaritas were just okay.  We managed to try all three: regular, strawberry-basil & spicy lime, I enjoyed the regular the most.  I've had better (and, ahem, bigger) in my margarita-drinking past... but yes, they had some tequila in them so I can't complain too much.  
The only problem (yet understandable their first week open) was spotty service. It took quite a while for them to prep the open table when we first got there so we had to wait at the bar for a bit.  While waiting another couple was trying desperately to order drinks at the bar, and just as they ordered their table was ready.  They had clearly been waiting a while and so asked the hostess if she could have the drinks brought to their table & a lot of confusion ensued.  I think they ended up waiting for the drinks.  Also we ordered a 2nd round of ritas before our food came out, but our waitress brought our food but didn't bring our drinks for another 10 min.  So, we were sitting on the southern bbq patio sans drink for almost 20 minutes.  Then once we got them the spicy drink I ordered had one little leaf & a shrivel of red pepper, which altho supposed to be in there it looked like they had used a dirty glass b/c it was so small & random. Those are easy things to fix, though...  generally our waitress was friendly and helpful.Delicious BBQ. Awesome tequila selection. Killer cheddar grits.As I settle in my neighborhood, I'm taking the opportunity to try as many restaurants as possible so I know what my fallback food option could be.
I tried Q  BBQ & Tequila for lunch.  I had a cheeseburger & fries.  The burger was totally tasteless!  It was as if the chef defrosted a slab of meat, formed it into a patty and slapped it on the grill.  The positives were that the bun was great, but not great enough to help the tasteless burger.  The fries were the winning part of the meal.  Really good tasting fries.  Finally, the service was pretty good.
In all, it was a disappointing experience.  I think it's not a difficult thing to make a decent burger, just slap some salt & pepper in there and you're good to go.  This burger was way below expectations.I'm not generally a huge fan of barbecue, but my boyfriend and I wanted to grab some food before checking out Fantastic Mr. Fox at Ritz East. We decided to slip into Q for a drink and some dinner since we had time to kill and were only a block from the theater.
We were greeted by the bartender and seated immediately as the place was practically empty -- it was about 9pm when we'd entered. We'd ordered two beers (decent selection) and water. For the lack of patronage, it took quite a while to get our beers and our waters were forgotten about, the waitress did apologize about the latter when we'd brought it up to her.
We'd order some nachos and guac, which at market price for guac, $9 was pretty ridiculous. It was very tasty, though, as were the chips, made from flour tortillas. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich topped with coleslaw on the recommendation of the waitress and was not disappointed, which was surprising because, as previously stated, I'm not typically a huge fan of barbecue. But this was gooood! I also got a side of mac n' cheese, which was also very tasty.
Definitely a place I'd go back to, especially during the warmer months to dine al fresco on the patio.As a restaurant that was featured on Food Network it was definitely overrated. Ordered the Hell Fire chicken wings as an appetizer and nachos and salsa (which was recommended by the waitress to help "cut down" the hotness of the sauce).  The wings came out practically burnt and dry and I give it to them the wings were definitely spicy but not as bad as people made it out to be. 
I ordered the pulled pork and ribs platter as an entree and once again was disappointed. Pulled pork lacked flavor and was dry. The ribs (2) was definitely the better of the two. Ordered a side of collard greens (another fail): tasted like medicine. 
Then comes dessert: waitress claims that the portion were really small and told us to order more than one. We ordered the Pecan Pie and the Bread pudding. The portion size was not as the waitress described they were huge pieces of each and I realized she was probably trying to sell us ono ordering more (and i fell for it).  Dessert was also not tasy: Bread pudding felt and tasted like 2 day old bread and the pecan pie was overly sweet. 
Sadly to say the hightlight of my dinner were the nachos and salsa and the coleslaw given as a side and of course the 25% off from Yelp. Obviously I will not be returning to QBBQ again.If I could give this establishment negative stars I would. Their food was appalling. It should never have been served. It tasted as if they had poured a half a bottle of liquid smoke on each dish. The drinks were mostly sour mix. And the service was poor. I've never been so disappointed to pay a tab.To make this a fair review, I've split it into two categories: Food and Service. 
Food - My girlfriend and I went there on a Saturday night around 6:30pm. We were seated promptly. We both ordered the house margaritas. The margaritas were decent. Very lime-flavored, which is fine, considering it was warm and humid out. I wish there would have been a bit more alcohol in them. 
My girlfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich. She is not a fan of cole slaw, which was placed on the sandwich. I dunno if it was part of the description in the menu, but she scraped it off. The meat was tender, the sauce they used was fantastic. Only down side was that the bottom bun was soggy. It forced her to eat it with a fork. She also ordered the cheese grits. Being from the South, she was very pleased with the grits. 
I ordered the combo platter and chose sausage and brisket. The sausage was very good. The brisket was a little dry, but again, the sauce they used made up for any dryness. The brisket was placed on top of a piece of bread, which, again, was soggy. I also ordered the collard greens, which were delicious. They were cooked in a sauce which had just a hint of spice, which was great. 
Overall, the food was good. And based solely on that, we will go back. 
However...the service was a different story. 
We were promptly seated. The waiter was over within a few minutes to introduce himself and say he'd be back for drinks. He was back in a few minutes and got our drink order. A sort while later, he returned with drinks, and proceeded to get our food order. About 15 minutes later, he returned to inform us that our food was soon up. And that was the last time he spoke to us. We were served our food by another server, which is fine. We ate our food, finished our drinks. At one point my girlfriend pointed out that our waiter came out from the back, dropped off a bottle of ketchup to another table, and returned to the back. I guess multitasking is not his forte. 
Another server cleared our plates. Still nothing. About 10 minutes later, he reappeared and asked if we wanted anything else. We said no, and he disappeared again. we waited another 10 minutes before I had to flag him down to ask for our check. When he returned, he apologized foe the wait. How about apologizing for his non-service. 
Our experience has tainted the place a bit. We hope that our next go-around will have better service.Not really feeling the creative vibe for my reviews like usual so here's the rundown: 
The food: I was absolutely psyched to get some BBQ in the city! But it's clear that I must venture elsewhere for delectable and juicy BBQ ::sad face:: I got some ribs, and though they were pretty okay with some added sauce(s), they were a bit on the dry side. Also ordered a quesadilla which could have used more salsa. BUT, one recommendation I can definitely give is to order the BBQ fries. Yes, I know they are slathered in some spices but man, they are good!
The environment and service: Basic layout. No real frills. Staff are really helpful and are willing to help you out if it's your first time at the restaurant. There was a live bad playing AND a pig roast so it was interesting to see's people's reaction to seeing a roasted pig on a table on Chestnut Street :)Just a warning if you plan on using their Groupons...apparently they don't understand the idea behind Groupon is to SAVE $ in exchange for trying them out. How did I learn this?
My husband, nephew & I amble in on a Sunday afternoon after I purchased a GrouponNow on a whim. The deal was $20 for the "Sunday Tailgate Feast" (20 wings, two burgers, two sodas). Food was ok, we all felt the food was a bit dry, but edible. The wings were good, but definitely needed more buffalo sauce. I also ordered their Mac & Cheese on the side. It was ok, better than boxed, not nearly as good as baked. 
Get the bill & it has $20 for "Sunday Tailgate Feast" on the top. Wait? Didn't I already buy that? The waitress explained that it's $20 for $40 worth of food. But if I pay $20 to you & $20 to Groupon, isn't that $40 for $40 worth of food? Where's the deal?!? To make matters worse, on the menu 20 wings are $15, 2 burgers are $16 & 2 sodas are $4...$15+$16+$4=$35!!! It's only $35 worth of food. 
At the end if the day, I got my money back through Groupon, as the restaurant would not budge. Won't make that mistake again. Consider yourself warned.
I give it two stars for potential. Definitely not the worst place I've ever been, but so far from what it could be.It's super when the staff of a place is friendly and doesn't put on false airs about the place.  The food was good had  a chicken pull sandwich and the bun was a slight soggy but not as some made out to be. Beer selection was what I expected the usual suspects. A great selection of tequila but stay away from the stuff. I usually begin looting and pilage local towns once I drink it. I work nearby and will probably do lunch there.I can't comment on the food here bc I just went to the bar.  The bartender made good margs. I suggest those.  And he was really nice!! I was there with my mom and we went back a couple hours later because he was so nice lol.  The end.THis review is soley based on our seats at the bar a drinks.( after dining @ paradigm) 
the restaurant was pretty packed and the bar had a few open seats do we sat down and ordered drinks. The bar tender gave me a little attitude when I asked for a drink list. She pointed to the wall and said there is the list. 
I ordered the strawberry basil it was refreshing and the house tequila is juarez which is a pretty good brand. My drink came in @ 7.00 which I think is reasonable. The flavors worked well together and the basil added a nice touch. Could def have have a half dozen of these with no problem.
I did feel a little cheated paying 12 for a house  marggie made with patron ( my sister is a bit of a snot when it comes to tequilas and vodkas. It came in the same glassware that mine did and an additional 5.00 for patron in a 10oz glass seems a little bit much. 
The food people around us were ordering looked ad smelled great. I was starting to think that we should have just eaten here
will prob make a date to come there in the future .