Qdoba is clearly the mid-tier Mexican fast food restaurant in the city.  It's the same concept as a Moe's or Chipotle, except it looks and feels more like a fast-food joint than a restaurant.  It's not Taco Bell by any means (which may or may not serve sand and horse in their beef tacos).  I do find that the flavors aren't supremely crisp and fresh, the service is no better than other similar spots, and the quantity of food for the price might actually be somewhat less. 
I do like their chips as they aren't greasy, and they do have a nice lime/salt balance.  If you sign up for their email promos they will also give you a coupon for free chips and salsa-- fair deal for the time being.  
Qdoba is good in a pinch, but there are better places for both Mexican and fast food.1st of all I love all Qdobas but what lead me to this review was how pleasant the staff and the management are. I have been in a few times for lunch on workdays and even though they are very busy everyone is still very outgoing and friendly. Whoever the GM and managers are they are doing a fantastic job!Someone I know loves Qdoba so when I would meet him for lunch, this is what he would want.  I would slap a smile on my face because I'm a good friend, but I just don't really like Qdoba.  The service is rude (I don't like having to be the one to say "Hi!" with a big friendly smile first or risk not being acknowledged...just grinds my gears.  I want a freaking quesadilla.  If you have time, can you make me one?  Kind of like when you thank the cashier and they give you the stink eye?  Why are you mad at me?  I'm looking at you, 15th and Walnut Rite Aid.   Anyway.) , the food doesn't really get me hot and bothered, and it's usually a mess (lunch hour in CC...totally get it...but...doesn't mean I want to hang out there if it's dirty...).~As cinco de mayo approached.. I began to feel an ever growing fiesta en mi estómago, & more than ready to have a celebración for luncheon. It was muy caliente out that day as I strolled down the street, & I came upon a Qdoba Mexican Grill. 
First impresiónes: When entering I noticed the décor was fairly outdated, & lighting was a bit dark. I would initially compare this to Chipotle's little retardado hermano. 
I decidió to go with the Burrito, & was muy feliz to see they had wheat wraps, brown rice, & smoked brisket as an option. The burrito was wrapped up perfectly like a pequeño bebé in a blanket; as I bit into it... the flavors belted out singing en mi mouth like a spicy mariachi band. The only problem..it was composed mostly of rice due to the heavy handed employee on that specific ingrediente. I will give it a 5 out of 10 "mouth feel" & overall it was a par de sub experiencia.
Note: having butchered the Spanish language, I do not mean to offend anyone in this Spanish/English macaronic review.
The Don semi-approves of this establishment & may be back~The food here was pretty good and the staff was GREAT. They were so friendly it was like our friends were making us food here. We came back twice in one night. We couldn't get enough of their nachos. There was a ton of seating and a bathroom for customers. The bathroom wasn't terribly dirty. The tacos were good and they filled them up with lots of goodies. Keep up the great work, staff! We love your energy.Qdoeba is great for what it is. Of course you don't go in if you're expecting authentic south of the border food. But for a chain restaurant, it definitely beats out McDonalds. My pick: Chicken Queso Burrito with Black beans, corn salsa, cheese, sour cream... mmmmmmmm good!Second time coming to this qdoba location both times held up to my expectations..
Had another coupon for a free knockout taco and once again was slammin,that slow cooked brisket gets me everytime... bought two more shortly after...This is my lunch Qdoba spot. I don't come here often, but when I do, I try to get a burrito bowl with chicken or pork and fajita veggies. One thing I can say for them is that they've been trying to offer more healthy options lately - wheat tortillas and brown rice to name a couple.
Like other locations, I haven't been blown away by the service or the food. But the quality is definitely consistent. And their queso is pretty darn good on a burrito! Another bonus of this location is their new soda machine with a touch screen and only one tap.
For a quick lunch, this is not a bad option in Center City. Just remember to keep your expectations reasonable.SO MUCH FOOD! When I am eating I am in heaven but after I am hurting for hours. I suggest to not eat with your eyes. Your stomach will thank you later. The assembly line is pretty cool, so my decisions!We eat here about once per week.  I can recommend the nachos - which are better than Chipotle (oh my heavens! a sacrilege I know). Staff is very friendly and I'd probably give this place a perfect score except for the over abundance of nose rings, and nostril piercings which always have me carefully monitor my food preparation warily.This place is a cluster-f*ck.  While most Qdobas are good, clean, and on top of their games, this location is awful. It's over staffed by surly, dead-eyed kids who look bored out of their minds, it's noisy , and too crowded. So not impressed.I LOVE this Qdoba. The employees are SO nice and friendly. When I come in at the end of the day-- tired, cranky, sad, and burnt out from work-- the folks here make you feel better just with their positive energy (and knowing that pure deliciousness is on its way!)  When you need a burrito, this is where to go. The snobby hipsters will tell you to go to this that and the other super trendy place for a $12 meal half the size.... don't listen. Qdoba has what you want!I used to be fiercely loyal to chipotle but I have recently given qdoba a chance. This qdoba is super popular and there is usually a line but it moves fast. My standard order is a steak bowl with white rice, pico de gallo, corn, sour cream, cheese, lettuce and guac. I really don't like their queso, so I usually skip it. Overall it's pretty clean here and the employees are nice and friendly and always let me sample different meats!this place is yummy.  the food is really fresh.  the people there are pretty chill.I wish i could give 3.5. I mean Ive never had a bad meal here, but at the same time I never seem to crave it. I always go with my friends who love this place for one reason or another...always the night before an exam. The people are all very friendly there. I always order some sort of naked Burrito with side of chips. I get stuffed and then its time to go. Sure there are other ways I would spend 7 dollars on food but hey sometimes you just deal.
If you're in the area and want a quick mexican meal, id say splurge and go for qdoba. If you're on megabudget control, head over next door to wendys and get some chicken nuggets!Qdoba is not Mexican food.  However, it is still passable as food.  And, it is a better fast food chain option than, say... McDonald's or Taco Bell.
It's not exactly cheap either.  I mean, $10-$11 for lunch around Rittenhouse is kind of cheap.  You could definitely pay more... but for what you actually get?  Eh...
I know all of this ahead of time though.  So if I'm not happy with lunch, at least I know it was my fault.  And at least I'll be full.
I suggest getting the combo, which includes a soda cup and a side of tortilla chips.  Sometimes they will give you a side of queso to dip your chips into... and sometimes they won't.  I think it just depends on who's ringing you out.  I'm not actually sure which is correct.
You can often find at least one table that is clean and devoid of bits of rice and sauce.  I would suggest sitting at the rail by the window.  You can people watch passersby on Walnut St.Came here for the first time a few weeks ago, i didn't know anything about the restaurant and neither did the lady in front of me. She was served first and started asking questions. The person behind the counter was very standoff-ish, didn't really help and acted as if the  customer was dumb for asking questions. Next it was my turn, I also didn't know much about it and was a it confused over the menu, she again wasn't helpful and acted as if she had better things to do than to help me. I ended up ordering a taco bowl and brought it home. The tortilla bowl had no taste and was so hard on the sides but mushy at the bottom from being saturated in the bowl juice.  The bowl itself was ok, wasn't amazing. I likely won't be back.The burritos are okay for fast food.  The meat was good.  The salsas lack any punch; I got the hottest one and it still seemed mild.  And unlike similar chains, there is no salsa bar where you can add more spice if you need it.
Beware the nachos.  I was expecting yummy nachos with fresh cheese like Baja Fresh (or even La Salsa, a poor substitute).  When they referred to the cheese on my nachos as "queso," I should have run.  Unless the entire menu is in Spanish, "queso" means "runny cheese food product in lieu of shredded cheese."  And that's what I got.  
I ordered what the menu called "three cheese nachos."  It is only now that I recall from commercials that Velveeta is a blend of colby, swiss, and cheddar (-type products).  There were pretty bad.
Overall, Qdoba is not the worst place to grab a meal on the run.  It's also not the best Mexican-style fast food.  And it's certainly not a place I make a point to patronize.  If I'm in a hurry and it's on the way, I might go again.i have never eaten at a qdoba and only once at a chipotle (not my fav). 
had the veggie burrito bowl and thought it was pretty tasty.  the veggies were crisp and there were ample black beans.  spicy salsa just spicy enough.
under $7.  hells yes!For those who say it is expensive --- I  recently realized that you can get a "side" of beans and rice for 89 cents. 
....and for those of us who can get pretty broke, thats like almost a meal if necessary.... 
...just saying it really comes in handy for those who are broke at work, but don't want the nasty dollar menu down the street at the golden arches....!!!! Healthy food options are hard to find that cheap in center city....Always have I had a good experience at any one of these in the city.  I mean you watch them make your burrito, pork my fav, so no issues.  A touch pricy for mexican but a huge ass burrito nonetheless.  Nachos rule!!!I like going to Qdoba for lunch during the week.   It's definitely not the best Mexican food you'll ever have but easily beats all the fast food joints in the area.  I think it is a bit on the bland side, so be sure to pick out a salsa or two.I was in town from Syracuse (a town where Mexican food is only found at Taco Bell). I got there about 15 minutes before closing and the staff there was great! Burrito was huuuuge and the quest sauce was pretty good. All in all a great value for under $10!!Oooh I love it.. Twice in one week.. Fresh food and fast friendly service.Can I tell you about my first, and only visit to Q'doba on Walnut Street? I was expecting your generic imitation Mexican cuisine but since a friend of mine recommended the place I though I'd give it a go. 
I could deal with the assembly line atmosphere until I actually got up to the counter and was rudely interrogated by about six employees who weren't too thrilled about making my burrito. They piled the watery ingredients onto the flour wrapping and quickly pushed it aside as it it was MY fault they are stuck in some dead end job behind the big corporate counter.
Besides the half cooked rice, watery guacamole and pile of ingredients on my veggie burrito that I asked them not to put on it disgusted me how the workers, with the exception of the cashier who was rather pleasant and patient, were treating the customers. For instance the woman behind me asked for only a little rice on her veggie burrito and the man proceeded to pile it on with his spoon. When she again said to him that she only wanted a little bit of rice, her told her "too late now, isn't it?."
I decided to report the man's behavior and my half cooked lunch to the corporate office via e-mail, and they in turn offered a half assed apology and a coupon for ten percent off my next visit to the store. In not so many words I told them they could shove their coupon up their asses and that discounts aren't going to change their employee's attitudes towards the customers.
I'm not really one to complain about places and regardless of how much I didn't like my meal I hate wasting food even more, so, yes I did suck it up and finish my lunch. I was glad it was take out because during lunch time there is barely anywhere to move an elbow let alone sit down.
I can understand that people tend to perform differently when working in crowds and I for one know what it's like to hate a job, but I can in no way condone the behavior of the employees that I witnessed and I personally will not be heading back for another try.Let's face it, this is fast food. But it's Good Fast food and it is actually fast. I work on the block and go there at least once a week. The staff is consistently pleasant, attentive and nice. It also appears to be a place where team work is the goal. A goal that is achieved. there seems to be little turn over in staff which usually means good things about management.
There are two people who stand out whose names I do now know, One 'starts' the line and wears curly white earrings.. She is the BEST. ALWAYS a smile, never flustered, uber aware of her customers and the product she is selling. Just a nice nice energy. The other one works the register most days and her hands move so fast I sometimes expect t see smoke coming from them. Make no mistake, the team is great, but these two are superb!!
Occasionally someone sneaks on the line that seems to have a bad attitude, but they never seem to last long.
This store should be singled out as a great way to get things doneMUST HAVE THE THREE CHEESE QUESO!
Service at this location is great!  Friendly and efficient!
I really do not care much for their burritos though and that is why they lost a star.  Other than that the food is great!I love Qdoba, the queso tastes so good and they're never skimpy on portions, it's such a big portion I can usually separate it into 2 small meals. And I can never complain about free guacamole. I would choose this over chipotle any day :)Fast. Reasonably priced. Made to order. Do not give me a hard time when I want a no beans chicken burrito.Taco salads are better than some I have ordered in sit-down restaurants. May or may not have Diet Coke in their Coke Zero dispenser. Great seating in the window for Walnut St. people watching.Good food in huge volume. It's a little bit of a hassle going through the line and telling them what you want on your burrito, but they are really nice -- and fast -- so it's a little concession.
The place is great if you're hungry -- they don't scrimp on the total amount. It's fast food, though, so don't get grumpy about its authenticity. It's fuel...and pretty good at that.Went here twice.  The first time was 4-star worthy; I ordered the quesadilla and chicken tortilla soup off the pick 2 menu, and both were good, especially for the price.  The second time I had a queso burrito, and the tortilla was...spongy?  Not appetizing at all.  So I'll go in the middle of my experiences and give it 3 stars.Bad, overpriced, fast-food Mexican that never sits well in my stomach.  I'd rather venture all the way down to Washington Avenue for real Mexican at a reasonable price on my lunch break than give this place any of my hard-earned money.
No thanks.Fast, filling, and affordable! I liked all of the food I had here (chicken quesadilla and 3 cheese nachos) and will definitely be back again.  I'm not really on a side in the whole Chipotle/Qdoba preference but they do seem to have more options here than Chipotle does. Quality wise, I think they are both similar.I got guacamole on the side with my chicken quesadilla and there was lettuce in it. huh? Not just a little, but enough for me to think that they were masking it in there for it's green color. Either that or they think guacamole tastes good with lettuce. The quesadilla was decent though.Huge servings of amazing ingredients just the way you want it EVERY TIME. Plus at this location I like to sit at the bar along the glass window looking out at walnut st. people watching whilst enjoying a tasty treat!Qdoba is never my first choice for burritos. The best thing they have going for them is the tortilla wich has the consistency of a Stretch Armstrong action figure this is good in the sense that it's warm and fresh but the tortilla doesn't have enough spine to support it's innards.  I am always amazed that when I bite into the Strech armstrong burrito I never have good ratio of ALL of the ingredients.  Usually I take a bite full of rice followed by a bite full of guac followed by the rest of the fillers.  Ehh if you're stuck with no other options this place will do Chipolte will always beat them out but that's a given.
My best advice is if you are in the CC area and want an awesome burrito for a smilar price find your way down to Mexico on the Square @ 15th and Pine.I haven't been here in ages, but, brought my colleague and we both had the Drunken Yardbird Tacos. He agreed very flavorful with Cilantro Lime seasoning on chicken. Yum. You can mix n match your Taco, but, we both had 3 of the Cinatro lime. Verde Salsa, Guacamole, Cojita cheese. They were fast and we beat the lunchtime , downtown crowd. I think the prices are reasonable and will come back.Big mistake all around.  I love authentic Mexican cuisine and shouldn't have ordered this - even then, the service was horrible.
I ordered via grubhub and it took 2 1/2 hours to have three menu items delivered.  Ordered around 7:50 and received at 10:15-20.  
Grubhub called them to work it out.  They've refunded me 50% of the order total.  Should have been a full refund.Some weird corporate burrito place like Chipotle.  I think Chipotle's is better though.  These things are spreading like a virus in the Philadelphia area so they are pretty convenient.  Good enough if you are craving a Tex Mex.
I guess I've just been spoiled by "real" burritos.  These burritos at Qdoba just don't have as much flavor - I end up putting on a lot of verde salsa to compensate.I went for the first time last week, and returned yesterday for more! I order the $4 mini burrito bowl kids meal with tortilla chips and drink. So filling! Their tortilla chips have a lime zing to it and are served warm. Service is fast, made-to- order. Totally recommend.I like this place. They have big portions and you can get a big ol burrito for $6.75. The service is typical for fast food places, and the new fountain machine they have is boss. They also have a bathroom in case you get those Qdoba ills-if you get what I mean.What I want to know is - HOW IS IT POSSIBLE FOR A FLOUR TORTILLA TO HAVE 330 CALORIES and 8 grams of fat?  Avoid burritos like the plague, unless you need to gain a few pounds.
I've been back a couple times with coworkers and a $5.99 coupon for any entree and it has been tolerable, but still nowhere near worth the full price.  The choose two (from a salad, 1/2 burrito, quesadilla, etc) is an okay deal.I'm not usually too into chain restaurants, but Qdoba is a decent "faux" Mexican chain restaurant.  I really like the Fajita Classic Burritto, it's huge, fresh and easy on the pocket.  There are a couple locations throughout the city now, so it makes for a quick lunch or easy take-out dinner. The one downfall about Qdoba is the ordering process--basically you walk down the line and people ask you about all the different condiments and cheeses and rice and salsa and etc.  it would be easier if you could just tell them upfront what you wanted.  
Not a big deal, just a rather a suggestion.  Bottom line--Qdoba is a good place for a quick mexican lunch/dinner...its worth giving a try.
**The other CC location is at the corner of 19th and Chestnut**At least it will make you full.
There's really a dearth of decent Mexican in Center City, and Q-Dubs doesn't do much for the cause.  The tortillas are gummy, and food is kind of bland, but at least it seems fresh.  It's going to sit in your belly all afternoon too, so be prepared.
Also, I like the automated change from the cash register.  I always feel like I hit a winning slot machine when I go to a store with one of those.I've heard a lot about Qdoba and I was pretty disappointed. I think La Salsa, Baja Fresh, and even Chipotle are better. Small quantities. Chicken is too salty. The staff was sloppy with putting my order together. Definitely not worth the full price for blech mexican food.I LOVE QDOBA forget Chipotle and their healthy behinds...
My favorites are anything QUESO!!! :)
The 3 cheese nachos and the burrito which queso are exceptional!Qdoba is one of the best Mexican places for a quick lunch.  Over 10 sauces and salsa's, tons of burritos and classics like quesadilla, tortilla soup and nachos.  Customize any menu item with your own salsa, toppings and more.  I recommend the naked queso burrito with a side of chips.Clean store, friendly staff. Understocked in the dining room on straws, utensils, napkins. The line kept moving quickly, however the rice was under cooked they didn't have enough meat to fill the orders so they were using very little in your item of choice while arguing with each other about cooking more. While staff was friendly with customers, maybe more behind the counter training is still needed for a better experience.For fast casual Mexican food they have a lot of good flavorful options! This might not be authentic Mexican food- but it is not expensive and consistently good! It also has a kids menu with a lot of choices (which Chipotle has no kids menu.) the menu even comes with a milk! Which is great! This location is very clean, the staff is nice, and they try to help out people with small children. They also have a Coca-Cola Freestyle machine! Yay! 100 soda choices. The only other place near here with this is Five Guys.I have to say, Qdoba is GOOD. I was always a die hard Chipotle fanatic, but I think Qdoba is almost neck and neck with them in my opinion. My family have been going here more often than not, and everything I've tried has been great. 
I really like their shredded beef. It has the right amount of spice and it's very tender. I like that Qdoba doesn't charge you for extras or guac, and Qdoba has more menu choices than Chipotle. 
I'm sorry Chipotle, I hope we can be friends.Pretty good burrito joint.  My wife and I like Chipotle better, but this is walking distance.  I'm on the lookout for a REAL burrito place, let me know if you find one.Qdoba is pretty good for fast food in the city.  Much fresher and tastier than Wendy's, McDonalds, Taco Bell etc., and it's Mexican, which is a plus.  I like their nachos and their chicken taco salad, but the tacos are pretty good, too.  And this place is clean, which makes it attractive.  I only go here when I'm hungry and in a hurry and/or too poor to get food at a regular restaurant, but I definitely will be going here again.The customer service here is really friendly. The first couple of times of coming here I wasn't sure what I was ordering but the staff were helpful rather than brushing me off as another clueless person. I way prefer the brown wraps than the white flour ones... the white ones taste like they haven't been cooked properly. But I love all the flavours they put inside the burritos... definitely the other reason I kept coming back!They keep that line moving and you get what you order. Shit, that right there is what 3 stars is all about. Not a phenomenal burrito, but a really good burrito. In a city that cant quite get its Mexican right, I welcome the Qdoba burrito. I wish they'd use a bit less rice, but hey, its a big burrito. 
I'll say this: it is over-priced. A burrito and a fountain soda shouldn't cost $10. This aint New York.Cheap, fast and good? Yup, it's possible. Try the bbq chicken burrito, then full it with your favorite sauce (mild, medium, or spicy salsa) and toppings (lettuce, tomato, guacamole and others). There burritos come in extra large, so make sure to arrive with an appetite, or be prepared to have dinner tonight & also lunch for tomorrow ( : 
A go to place for a quick, tasty bite on the run.I'm with Russ on this one...
Compared to Chipotle, Qdoba is Burger King. However, I do almost believe them that everything is made fresh daily. I like their tacos with green salsa. It's a cool place to chill (I go to the location @ 19th Street)....
The thing I don't like, which is the new thing in Mexican cuisine across the board, is charging for guacamole... they ask you as if it's included, then tack extra dollars onto your bill. Modern-fast food should always be 6-7 bucks, and Qdoba, with a drink, typically becomes 8-9... for 8-9 bucks, you can hit a mom & pop taco spot in North or West Philly, and be rolling in tortillas.Just like any other burrito chain. Food is decent. Clean tables. Easy bite before you head to museums, bars, or whatever.I actually like Qdoba, and would definitely prefer it over Chipotle. I know it's not really authentic, but the food seems fresh, the portions are HUGE, the service is quick, they have a decently-sized, clean seating area... and the stuff just tastes like I feel it should. And yes, of course it's fast food. 
I always go for the ground beef burrito. Not advisable when you're on a diet, sure, but it's actually pretty good deal at 6-7 dollars. Beware that certain ingredients cost extra, guacamole and the very yummy 3-cheese sauce.yuck. 
one bite rice
one bite beans
next bite salsa
last bite all flour wrap
burritos aren't supposed to be deconstructed, you assholes.I just can never find anything here that isn't just bland- temp wise, texture wise, flavor wise.  Consistent and bland.  I came between busy shifts so it was odd that it took extra long to get my order through with everyone stopping to talk to the person next to them.  Even the manager at the register talked to one of the other employees for at least 30 seconds before finally taking my card and then I had to TELL HIM I also wanted a drink.  There's plenty of quick eating options on this street, pick another.Not bad for a quicky snack and stuff. I came in for nachos on a rainy day in the big P. Have to go back and check out the other items.I order a quesadilla for delivery and they forgot to put my sour cream n guacamole in the bag. When I call them and told them about it this girl answers "so you want him to bring it to you?" First of all I waited 40 mins for my food so I'm hungry ass fuck I'm not gna make him deliver it!! But it'll be nice if she apologize to me first instead saying what she said!!! And then she hung up on me!!! Like wtf how rude!!They need to work on their customer service for real!! Smh and btw my food was dry n cold it wud been nice if I had my sour cream n guac.Can't go wrong with Qdoba, great burritos and the delivery was free : ) The delivery was pretty quick.Complaint- Cashier does not give receipt unless asked when paying with debit card.
Fajita peppers are now reduced to chopped peppers not strips.
Kudos- I'm a loyal customer because the food is so good!Not good at all!!! Mexican food it was not.. Taste very bad!!! Dont waste your time or your money!!!Let's start with the food. 
I went into Qdoba with the knowledge that it was comparable to Chipotle. 
This is correct. However, it's still very fresh and very tasty. The price is affordable as well. 
I got a bowl with black beans, white rice, lettuce, cheese, corn salsa, and guacamole. The guac was
super fresh and delicious and they give you a food
portion of food. Perfect after a long day at the football game or a filling meal after a workout. 
The location is also perfect as it's right across Broad St. 
The staff is also friendly.I would prostitute myself for a bowl of their Mexican gumbo.
I would like to eat a chicken burrito every day.
I dream of bathing in the three cheese queso dip.
Sadly, they now display the calorie counts on the menu.
But I still love it very very much.Great service!  Staff were so funny and inviting. Food is prepared in front of you fast and good. Good sized portions. Pretty affordable too!It's a Qdoba - a chain - but a delicious one and one that hits the spot on the run. The queso burrito and the salad bowls fill you up and are tasty. But my favorite? The ranchera fajita - the melange of flavors will simply put a smile on your face.I'm writing this with great disappointment that you failed to provide the quality food and services for the third time even after several assurances from your team that everything will be of high standards. It was discussed in detail with an employee over the phone on the two previous mishaps with my catering order, and now again, with have another disaster. I am starting to believe that my business is not a valued customer with Qdoba.
I have placed online catering orders with Qdoba in June, September, and now December. On each of the orders, I request a delivery time 11:30; however, on each order, the delivery arrived earlier than expected, even an hour before expected. Due to this, we've had to adjust the room location to accommodate your mistake. On each of the orders, I placed special vegetarian orders, and each time the order was missing, which caused a delay in serving my team. I also would like to point out how the Catering Manager did not want to speak with me even though I placed my order with Catering. I feel like I was pushed off to the store.  When I spoke with the store general Manager Albert Thomas, he offered an apology but also threw the Catering under the bus by saying, "The Qdoba Catering order take did not specify the vegetarian orders." I decided not to press the issue in the first two incidents, but my team just notified me that the entire tray of cookies was burnt and not edible. I can no longer ignore this and continue ordering from Qdoba Catering. 
I would like to know how Qdoba will make this right. I have rescinded my request to add Qdoba Catering as an approved Vendor to my company as my three experiences have been disappointing.  #QdobaCaters #QdobaCateringDontCareWhen there is a Qdoba near me, I try to make a point to eat there at least once.  It is very similar to Chipotle, but I actually think it is better.
I am a big fan of there queso.  I ordered the tequila lime chicken burrito.  You pick your fillings.  All ingredients were really fresh and they don't charge an extra $2.00 for the guacamole.  Top everything with the warm queso, perfect.  Good place for a quick lunch or dinner.I go here most Tuesdays for lunch for a Queso Burrito and double points.  It's fast, fairly fresh, and relatively cheap (considering free burrito potential).  Though nothing to write home about, I find it to be a consistently decent lunchtime destination.Convenient location, moves quick like any other Q'Doba.. the people who work here are actually always hella cool. Only issues is the burrito rolling skills aren't the best :(. I mean it's cool, I just get a fork and go to work but it would be nice if they improved in that area.
Either way this always towards the top of my list for a consistent inexpensive lunch option. I love Q'Doba so much more than Chipotle haaaaa.Absolutely disgusting! I'd give it minus stars. Terrible food. After I ate saw worker behind counter scratching her stomach, then hair, then shoulder. Never again!!Fast delivery and food was still hot when it arrived to my building! The queso is to die for and the fajitas veggies are always slightly crispy and delicious. My only gripe is that the chips are insanely salty, however that's Mexican food for you.Skip all that foofy-foofy overpriced/overhyped Mexican food in Philly ::::cough, Lolita::::::: and just come to this fab Qdoba.  
So I know....Qdoba may not be authentic Mexican....but this ish is delish!
I came here one day when I got off work early and wanted to grab a frappuccino, but I think my inner fat girl came out once again because I skipped over the caffeine and headed straight for the greasy Mexican food.
Yo Yo Yo ::::Randy Jackson voice::::::: this food has FLAVOR and It's CHEAP.  I ordered the pulled beef quesadilla with the chicken tortilla soup--all for around $6--Score! The beef was very tender and flavorful and the soup was excellent with just the right amount of heat (not mild, but not overkili).  I ordered in, table for 1, and enjoyed every last bite.  I swear the customers could hear my "MMmmmm"s that I tried oh so very hard to keep in my head.
The service was super friendly.  Just a win all around here.  I'll definitely be back.This is the dirtiest restaurant I've been to in a long time....look at the dust all over the signs and lights. The filth on the soda machine and sinks...dusty signs and lights right over food. Employees touching their hair and clothing with their food service gloves on. Gross.The food tastes fine - and the cafeteria style of "design your own" burritos, tacos and quesadillas is catching on fast -but don't be fooled.  It's still fast food - and it is super-duper HIGH in calories.  A typical burrito has 1100 - 1600 calories.  (Naked will reduce it by 330 - as the PLAIN TORTILLA is 330 whopping calories alone.)
That said - I do enjoy the Naked Chicked Burrito, no cheese, small (70 cal) taco-sized torilla on the side.
It's just too hard for me to "hold the guac" and save 220 calories.  That guac - for fast food guac tastes muy bien to me.
Also "Dan" the manager at this location is very good - he catered a small event for my group and it went well (Naked Burrito Bar and lots of different salsas).
By the way - I think Jack-in-the-box owns Qdoba - I know Chipotle is owned by McDonalds.
FAST FOOD - people.
Eat under a health advisory.
Note:  In the summer they make a very tasty mango salsa.  You can get it on ANY burrito if you ask.Imitation Chipotle. Chicken is too dry, beef is too tasteless, pork isn't even on the menu. Still, I go because I miss Chipotle, hah.
Decent for quick "Mexican" food fix.Customer service stinks there the food is horrible that people are mean and nasty the cashier the African-American cashier has a very nasty disposition this young woman uses profanity attitude out of this world there's a line all the way out the door because these people move like snails when you get up to the front of the line you're met with an attitude this is one of the worst locations in the city of Philadelphia let me tell you I would never ever return it in with my wife againNormally, I love Qdoba. They have a lot of options and their gumbo is one of my favorite foods.. however, the U City Qdoba has definitely gone downhill in the past few years.
Before the Chipotle opened on 39th and Walnut, Qdoba was a very reliable, affordable and delicious place to go. However, lately their food has been lacking in freshness, their portion sizes have significantly decreased and some of the staff really don't know how to make a neat burrito! I hate when burritos are not wrapped properly and become a disaster to eat. Also...everyone knows if you order a veggie burrito, they are not supposed to skimp out on the vegetables!
There are only thing that keeps me coming back to this particular Qdoba
1. Double Point Tuesdays (hey free food is always a win!)
2. The gumbo (which you cannot get at Chipotle)
But if you are looking for a good burrito (naked or otherwise) I would recommend walking the extra block and a half to Chipotle!Ok so here's my 6th review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
Ok this may be a cheap shot at a franchise but there are so many good neighborhood restaurants out there and I'll take the risk of eating at one or two bad restaurants knowing that I can find others that are good.
Only  in dire straights when Im with a friend and I want food that is fairly quick, reasonably priced, somewhat healthy, fresh, and served by friendly people in a clean and ordinary atmosphere will I return.
Until then I can do without it.Excellent service! Much better than the e Coli competitor down the street! Less traffic, better food, and better service! What more could you ask for? Highly highly recommend!!This place had a nice relaxing atmosphere. The food selection was a standard fast food Mexican place. I was really hungry so I ordered the smothered burrito and it did not fail to disappoint! It was loaded with queso on the inside AND the outside, and seriously smothered with sour cream, cheese, guacamole. This was so good and so fast.Love Qdoba. If you haven't tried their Mexican gumbo, do yourself a favor and TRY it. I would have never ordered it until my sister talked me into trying it. It is by far my favorite thing on the menu. Id pick Qdoba over chipotle and moes anyway specifically because of the Mexican gumbo.I love Qdoba. The staff is always super nice and talkative. Unlike Chipotle, they don't give me weird looks when I say "no beans please". The burritos are stuffed to the max - I always get a fork and eat out some of its innards.Wow, I'm not really sure why this Qdoba has such bad review.  I really like their chicken quesadillas and the service here is pretty standard for a semi fast food joint.  Their quesadillas have the pefect cheese to meat ratio.  I am not a fan of too much meat on a quesadilla. I like the preportions to be almost equal, and qdoba gets it just right.  Also they have the best chocolate chip cookies ever... yummy! The only issue I have with this Qdoba is that if you pay with a debit or credit card they don't give you a receipt, you have to ask for it.  This baffles me, why wouldn't I want my receipt? Anyway other than that, everything else is good.First off, I have eaten at several different Qdoba locations throughout the country.  Every Qdoba I have eaten would be 5 stars, except this one.  The person preparing our food gave me extremely small portions of everything and I would have to always ask for more and paid very little attention to customers.I would recommend this restaurant. The service was very good. The manager, is a kind , very personable and very efficient. My son was being careless putting the straw in his juice box. He ended up knocking his plate to the floor. The manager brings us another meal for free! We love this restaurant, we enjoy the vegan dinner! Beans, rice, vegetables, avocado , etc. Price was fair. I recommend it.Charging $1.19 for guacamole in a vegetarian burrito is nothing short of robbery. For that reason alone, I would never eat here. The "hot" salsa is really just medium. 
The staff doesn't understand the concept of "everything", and only most reluctantly put what I ask for in the burrito. Also, the guy who was making my burrito insisted on scraping the bottom of the lettuce and zuchini containers when he could very well see that there was almost nothing in it. I am not saying, throw the food away. But bring a fresh box in, and add the last bits to that and then give me a full serving you stingy person!
The tortillas here are seriously weak. They start tearing as soon as the staff remove it from the grill. 
In sum, Chipotle, a 2-minute walk from here, is much much better. I don't understand why anybody would still go to Qdoba when Chipotle is a stone's throw away. I did, just for old times' sake, and I regret it. Very very disappointing.I have been to this Qdoba many times. I hadn't been here in awhile and it was good to be back! I prefer this Mexican "fast food" grill over Chipotle any day. I had a Naked Burrito - Vegetarian. You have a choice of Brown rice or white rice (I chose the Brown rice). I also love the Mexican gumbo, quesadillas here. For soda drinkers, it's cool to note they have one of those new machines where you can have lie or raspberry or cherry flavored added to soda. They even have Sparkling water. And free refills is nice when you are thirsty, as I was. I think prices are reasonable, and food is tasty.Normally Qdoba would get all the stars from me, but, well, this time, there was some ridiculousness involved...
I always go for the nachos - either shredded beef or chicken - and have my chips on the side. This may sound strange to people unfamiliar with Qdoba nachos, but trust me. They pile on SO much stuff, that it is impossible for you to eat it all before the chips go completely soggy.
Well, poor child at the register told me I could not have my chips on the side... EXCUSE THE EFF OUTTA ME... I've been getting them that way since the first Qdoba opened in Philadelphia, thankyouverymuch. So, she tells me the general manager said no. After a few seconds of mumbling about "what kinda nonsense..." the GM comes out from the back with another employee, and explains that some idiot was trying to eat them while they were driving, dropped them in their lap, and the queso was SOOOOO hot, that they had a car accident. So, for legal reasons, they have to put the cheese in a separate container. 
OK, put the cheese wherever you want, but I want my chips DRY. How hard is that to understand?
The damn things are delicious, though, so I have to rate it as A-OK... cuz as we all know, good food makes everything better.If you are looking for uncooked food, look no further than Qdoba across the street from Temple's campus. I was out of commission for nearly a week after eating one of their burritos. It was really tasty, but was not worth the pain and uncomfortably that I felt afterwards.The service is terrible. The food looks really unappetizing. The people who work there also seem to hate being there. I walk in starving and walk out craving Chipotle instead.I'm a big fan of this place. It is much less crowded than the Chipotle around the corner on Walnut. I normally order a steak or chicken quesadilla. Both are excellent. And on the rare occasion I indulge in a dessert, the chocolate chip cookies are also quite good.
What's more, I often order double meat on my entree, and I would say at least half the time the staff does not bother to charge me for the second portion of meat, which is a great deal.I tend not to expect much more than the standard quality from Qdoba, and that keeps my expectations at a manageable level so I am not disappointed. I would say this  location lives up to those standards. Nothing has blown me out of the water about them, but every burrito and bowl I've gotten has been just that- standard, tasty and undisappointing. If that's a word.
The servers at this Qdoba aren't very enthusiastic. I haven't come across one who gave excellent customer service, asked us how we were or seemed like he or she wanted to be there. I guess that's fine, but to keep me thrilled to keep coming back to a fast food Mexican chain, I'd like a little flair to my experience.
Qdoba does have a nice rewards program that my boyfriend signed up for. And Tuesday is double points day. So we come most Tuesdays, and that's that. Enough Qdoba for anyone, I'd say. But they're keeping it consistent, so Tuesdays it is!So the good news first: they no longer charge extra for guacamole.
Bad news: they charge extra to wrap the burrito in an extra tortilla if the first one breaks or doesn't get rolled properly by them the first time. Incredible. It is not as if I had asked for more than my fair share of fillings - it was a normal burrito and the lady rolling it didn't roll it properly and it started to burst its sides. I have no issues with this, rolling a burrito can be a tricky task. But when I said you could just put it inside another tortilla and I'll take it, I was told that I would have to pay extra for it!! @#$@!@#$
Anyway, I maintain that with Chipotle a hop skip and jump away, why anyone would eat at Qdoba is beyond me. I went here because I was at the post office next door and because the line at the post office ate up most of my break, I ended up with only 5 minutes to pick up food.Awesome place, Very friendly Staff.
At first, I saw the assembly line style food set up and I was skeptical, but:
The Prices are very inexpensive, and you get SOOO much food.  The food tastes very good too.  The Nachos, Quesadillas , Burritos are HUGE! 
My favorite is the Chicken Three Cheese Nachos, it is like 2 meals worth and its only like $6.25!Qdoba, I really want to like you more than Chipotle. You have more options, plus my favorite thing ever: queso sauce.  The thing is, you're just not as tasty as Chipotle.  Qdoba's rice and chicken just simply don't have as much flavor as Chipotle.  No matter how much delicious queso sauce I put on my chicken burrito, it just isn't as flavorful as it should be considering all the stuff I put into my burrito.  Now, this obviously doesn't stop me from enjoying a chicken queso burrito from Qdoba because, despite the fact that it's not as flavorful as it should be, it's still pretty good.  However, with a Chipotle opening up a mere block away (kinda weird right?), I'm not sure how often I'll be going to Qdoba anymore.Why does anyone like this stuff?  It always makes me feel sick, and it's overpriced for an inferior product (like any major fast food chain).  If you need to stick to the neighborhood, you're much better off going to one of the food carts around Penn for a filling burrito at half the price.I was surprised--I came in on a Saturday afternoon for lunch only to see that the place wasn't very busy.  Regardless, I settled on a whole wheat chicken quesadilla, which really hit the spot, as they only recently started using whole wheat tortillas.  As mentioned in Ni K.'s review, the staff was very friendly and eager to serve, which put me at ease right away.  Also, given that there was hardly anyone there, it didn't take me long to find somewhere to sit.  When the weather is favorable, there is outdoor seating available as well.  While it's a tough choice having both Qdoba and Chipotle in the neighborhood, Qdoba is a definite go-to when I don't mind walking a bit further from my usual spot.It's a regular qdoba...no big deal.
While the ppl are usually very nice, there is one female manager who I am not a fan of.  They are also usually stingy w/ the portions compared to other Qdobas.If you are a fan of Mexican food, this is the place for you. They have a great assortment of nachos, quesadillas, tacos and burritos. Think of it as slightly classier Taco Bell. 
Each item is made fresh to order and you get to watch them make it too! I am in love with the Chicken Quesadillas and their chocolate chip cookies which are huge. I also love how clean the place is. The atmosphere and wall murals also add a nice touch. It's a great place to go when that taco craving hits!He says: The burritos are ok.  They are filling and appear nutritive.  Perhaps in a futuristic world all people will be forced to live off of these relatively unremarkable entrees.  However, that is not today.  First, the pluses.  The meats are relatively tasty and the salsas are not bad.  The big minus is the cheese which appears to be a bland variant of American.  Why someone would put American cheese on a burrito escapes me.  Secondly, because they don't heat up the burritos sufficiently after assembly, the cheese is not melted and the burrito is sometimes of uneven temperature (i.e., the meat warm, lettuce & cheese cold).  
She says:  Why go to this establishment?  So unremarkable, I paid one over-priced visit and never went back.  It wouldn't seem so bad if there weren't other (better, IMHO) Mexican options and if I had more money.Updated space on 40th street! The seating area is comfortable and aesthetically pleasing. Had a BOGO coupon to use and figured it was a good day for an inexpensive lunch date. 
The line was empty so took a minute to choose, but we got two burritos, one brisket and and pulled pork. Different toppings on both so we could see what was the tastiest. The worker behind the counter was quick and generous with the portions, which I appreciated. Compared to other point and eat restaurants, I think Qdoba is the most cheaply versatile to eat at, because you can stack your burrito or bowl for a flat price. 
Brisket was tasty, pulled pork was tastier, and the toppings were all fresh, but needed some salt and extra sauce for flavor. The chips and salsa were alright as a side, maybe a little stale. I'd go for lunch here again, for quickness and how filling it is for the price.I feel like I'm committing college student blasphemy when I say this...but sometimes I just get really tired of eating Chipotle.
Whenever that happens, I'm just really happy that this Qdoba can offer me Mexican food options that Chipotle doesn't.
If you're not sure what to get here, my go-to dish is the Mexican Gumbo with Pulled Pork and all of the toppings. It's hearty, filling, and it has the perfect amount of spiciness to add a little kick to the soup.
This Qdoba is pretty clean, and the decor provides a very warm and inviting atmosphere to dine in. The staff here are competent and efficient, and when there is a line, you rarely have to wait long to get your food. Luckily, because everyone seems to be obsessed with Chipotle on this campus, long lines don't really happen here.
If you ever get tired of eating Chipotle all day, give Qdoba a try. I definitely think it's underrated by Penn students.Oh QDoba.  You are always there for me when I need that 1000 calorie burrito.  Your food prep people are always so quick and efficient.  QDoba - you have caused the schism between my belly and my rational mind to expand considerably.   Seriously though, good size burritos for pretty cheap, and the beans/rice is totally edible.  You're not going to get the inner-Oaxaca eating experience here, but they'll do the job of satiating your craving for down and dirty mexican.I became obsessed with the burritos here - called them gerbils since that's about the amount of mass you're putting in your stomach. Favorite thing to do was to load up the burrito with verde tabasco sauce. Also a tip: if you get the vegetarian burrito, you get guacamole for free. That's the cheap/poor college student in me that's talking.it is what it is.
i come here for naked burritos. It's pretty bland, I have them throw each and every salsa on it and it still needs something.It's your average burrito restaurant. I prefer Chipotle better, but this place serves up decent tex-mex fare. I usually get the chicken burrito for lunch -- it's a fine place to sit down and enjoy yourself in the winter, but I would not come here in the spring/summer when there are so many food truck on Penn campus that serve better, cheaper versions of the same food.Great and modern fast food chain store that makes up for the overstaying-it's-welcome McDonald's down the street. Guac isn't extra either like ecoli-infested Chipotle.Went with the family and had a good time at this location.  The employees were great, energetic and VERY helpful.  The food was scrumptious, and the veggies were fresh.  I loved the quesidillas.  I would visit again.I was in Philadelphia visiting and this is the best QDOBA I've been to. The employees were so nice and everything was very clean. I didn't feel rushed ordering.The bathrooms were pretty dirty and I went from a 9 to a 6 instantly after eating their nachos. Plus my mom called me and asked me to meet her at the flower show but I was too intoxicated for that. Overall I had fun and there was great music.Build your own nachos- whoever invented this concept is a genius! I loaded mine with chicken, cheese and two types of salsa. They also have spicy queso and habanero.
The food is delicious and decently priced (cheaper than chipotle). 
The service here is really good; the employees are cordial and the very quick.Qdoba is sort Chipotle. Honestly, besides some slight variation, I cannot tell the difference. It's a chain. They make burritos on an assembly line. You can get tacos or quesadillas. It's like someone said, hmmm, Chipotle, I can do that, made some minor tweaks, and bam.
Anyway, if you like one, you'll likely like the other. It's all the same.Wayyyyyyy better than the chipotle down the street and I'm a huge chipotle fan. The employees are much nicer and they aren't skimp with the portions. Everyone is friendly. Queso and guac are Fuego. I've been going her way more Diego how atrocious the chipotle is around the corner.much like all of their stores I do adore their cafeteria style seating.. it really lets you know the kind of place you're in... the food is ok. It's not GOOD.. but its definitely not BAD.. I like the fact that they put cilantro in their rice.. however the amount of rice to EVERYTHING else is way to much. A vegetarian burrito is not well thought out and it seems you end up with a pile of carbs ( rice, beans, tortilla) and a little cheese salsa etc for good measure.. The actual vegetable choice is only like onions and peppers.. Now I'm a fan of onions and peppers but I don't want an onion and pepper burrito... You'd think a chain like this would have created some better vegg friendly options.. The quesadillas ( cheese) are ok.. all in all I'd always choose mexi-cali over this place.. but mexi cali has weird hours.. so this is when we end up in here...every worker I've come across has been nice and helpful.. All in all it's just OKI really like the taste and the entrees that qdoba offers.  Always had a good portion, fast service (once I had only 3 minutes on the meter, no joke), and respectful servers. I hope they keep it up at this location, some are falling off. 
Qdoba is missing a star because of the limited parking at times when local traffic is heavy. A turn off when you're really hungry.I love this place. Nice guick spot to have lunch. People are friendly and food taste great. Now the extras aren't extras, which mran u csn get all on your burrito for the same low price. One thing I did notice it that tge burritos are a little bit smaller than they were.  But they're still good and filling.Employees here are usually relatively friendly, which is rare in Philadelphia.  Usually all the businesses, especially in Ucity, have employees who are pretty miserable and are sick of the college kids.  Only reason I can't give 5 stars to this place is because I definitely got food poisoning from eating here once, and I rarely get sick from eating food.  I still go here to eat even after that, though!The food tastes fine - and the cafeteria style of "design your own" burritos, tacos and quesadillas is catching on fast -but don't be fooled.  It's still fast food - and it is super-duper HIGH in calories.  A typical burrito has 1100 - 1600 calories.  (Naked will reduce it by 330 - as the PLAIN TORTILLA is 330 whopping calories alone.)
That said - I do enjoy the Naked Chicked Burrito, no cheese, small (70 cal) taco-sized torilla on the side.
It's just too hard for me to "hold the guac" and save 220 calories.  That guac - for fast food guac tastes muy bien to me.
By the way - I think Jack-in-the-box owns Qdoba - I know Chipotle is owned by McDonalds.
FAST FOOD - people.
Eat under a health advisory.One of the standard, Mexican "fast food" places in University City. Most people say that it's not as good as Chipotle, but I find the two to be pretty similar in taste and price. I absolutely love the quesadillas here, which I don't think other similar Mexican places have. Definitely worth going to if you want a quick, Mexican meal!They have lots of options in comparison to Chipotle  and it's honestly super delicious. Price wise it's pretty good too. Would recommend coming here alone for a burrito bowl.This was the favorite of my friends when we'd see a movie at the Bridge, er, Rave. I always balked going there because I want my Mexican food cooked with more love and care. The food had the elements of Mexican food, but it never seemed worth the calories. What I can say is that it's fast, which is important to make a movie showing. The food is also filling, but not in a soul satisfying way. 
I think Qdoba is successful because it fits a certain need - food for people who don't have the money or time to invest in a full restaurant experience. And it is a better alternative to the McDonalds that is a block away.I've seen Qdobas in so many cities across the US for the last several years, and for some reason, I've never visited one, until recently.  ...really?  this place is EXACTLY like Chipotle, except they're stingier, and their meats/veggies/salsas aren't cooked/seasoned as well (at this location anyways), their lettuce was a little more wilted, and they sucked at wrapping.  Also, their quesadillas are ridiculously greasy.
Anyways, I made it sound bad, but it's not all that bad.  It really is just like a Chipotle.  I'd favor Chipotle, but this could do in a pinch.JUST GO TO CHIPOTLE!
Terrible customer service bad attitude. Half assed, asked for manager and was told I was speaking to her.  Alexis. Yeah right!  April 3rd 7:30 Pm. 2020. Crappy attitude not answering phone, not faking orders face to face not taking orders online. I will never walk into that store again. I am a Chipotle guy now. Chipotle is 1/2 block away (3925 Walnut) I buy for myself and my family of six most times. I can not take this place any more I used to be a real fan of theirs. The management has gone into the toilet. 
Update: Complaint on the qdoba website yielded no response whatsoever. The app is too time
Consuming to set up. I spent 20 minutes entering my email address at least ten times. Why does it not remember the info once entered??? Then my order was rejected anyway. Unhelpful staff stated that it was too close to closing time. "Online stops 1/2 hour before closing. Even though I had wasted twenty minutes setting up the app, it was more than 30 minutes before closing. They somehow rigged the phones to hive a busy signal or route my call to their super-annoying fax machine. I wish I had taken pictures of the indifferent/rude staff. They really seemed to be entertained by my frustration. Don't bother with this company. If you're holding their stock SELL IT. I am excellent at predicting the demise of poorly managed companies. I can see it from the customer's perspective. Qdoba, there are lots of places to buy tacos, burritos and other fast food/casual dining options. ?Why would anyone tolerate abuse and neglect as a customer while there are so many better alternatives?A good place to get massive custom burritos and Mexican salads, as well as nachos smothered in queso.
Standard layout with an assembly line. The steak is a bit chewy, but spiced adequately with the salsa, it's not bad in a quesadilla or burrito. The servers are generous with their portions, too. Only gripe is that guacamole costs extra every time.
Satisfies the burrito craving, at least.I gave up trying to order. They seem to block the phone lines, won't take orders at the door Covid policy or lazy employees? What's the difference? It's NOT WORKING!  and the online ordering app does not seem to work. These people only seem to accept orders from Uber and Grubhub. I guess the emplees/half-assed managers have not figured out how to block those yet.  I guess the owner loves paying the big fees to third parties instead of getting 100% direct from the customer. 
Complaint to qdoba via email generated an automated apology which sounded like it was written by a stoned teenager. "Bummer"  w a promise that things had changed. LIE!  My sister had a similar story this week. Same as my experience a MONTH ago.  The just don't seem to care. Last restaurant I gave a bad review ro was Bobby's Burgers nearby. Then they closed. I am hoping Q will follow suit and be replaced by a customer and profit oriented business. 
Chipotle is a block away and their online ordering is easy and the pickup was pleasant. No brainer. Deleted my Q app. The customer rewards points never seemed to work out for me anyway. Free chips. Who wants that? Not me. I used to ho for tacos etc. Chipotle is better. 
Customer service at 40th st in PHILLY and at Q corporate SUCKSI am a fan of the food, the convenience, and the speed, and the value! This place gets super-busy at lunch, and the servers aren't always the friendliest! However, they get slammed and they do their jobs in a professional manner. 
You can't go wrong with a large burrito the size of your head... it either fills me up for the day, or I bring the leftovers home for dinner!So three of my last ten reviews have involved Burritos. I guess everyone knows what food has been on my mind of late!
It took two years of walking by them, but my curiosity towards Qdoba has finally got the better of me to the point that I finally gave in and hit up another fast food joint. And all I can really say is Holy McBurrito! It definitely delivered on size and had I anticipated that I probably wouldn't have added on those chips (of course I probably didn't have to add sour cream and guacamole onto a burrito that already had a three cheese sauce. But sometimes I'm a Homer at heart!). but with rice, pinto beans chicken, and everything else that I chose to add on it was worth that inevitable run to the bathroom that I'm probably going to make later. And I liked that they hooked up soda refills and had plenty of Tabasco and hot sauce for each table.
But overall it is assembly line production style fast food with all of it's strengths and weaknesses visibly present. And it would also be better if they had different tortilla options. So over all while it's a significantly better representative, it still is part of the Fast Food Nation.So many workers but not everyone is doing their job. I like to make my own tacos at home just get taco shells from out. I usually go to Taco Bell and pay .30-.50 a shell. For 6 hard shells and 3 soft taco breads they wanted $12.
I was shocked.
I was like that is very high.
The whole bowl with meats and veggies that they need to cook and cut is cheaper.
I ended up leaving and they didn't even care.The food was alright, customer service was average, but I didn't appreciate the manager blatantly hitting on me while I was there with my girlfriend. He really could not take a hint. He made the meal very awkward, and now his terrible facial hair is burned into my retinas.Food is very flavorful. Service is always friendly and fast. Free guac. Clean restaurant. Lots of seating always available. What's there to complain? 
I'm always satisfied after each visit and meal. :)My qdoba app says I've beento qdoba at least 192 times. This location has been my least favorite, and the only one I've had trouble at. A
I was ordering a quesadilla and the manager took the quesadilla and pressed it before it got to the cold section where they ask if you want cilantro, jalapeños and other toppings. He acted surprised when I asked him to put on toppings after he cooked it. They also never asked if I wanted any sides, like sour cream and such like they have every other time I've been to a qdoba. 
I would go out of my way to go to the qdoba on temple.Upon entry (8/17) the place reeked of extermination/bug spray. After mulling over if I should eat there or not because of the smell I gave it a shot because I've been wanting Qdoba for so long. They had no brisket..uuugghh the portion was like a kids meal it was like the girl was giving me her food. I asked for black beans, so few I could count them (11) and  the whole bowl was tasteless super disappointing!Came to renew a reward for a free birthday cookie, and chips and salsa. Chips and salsa were great, chips were light and airy. Cookie was average; could improve upon presentation/wrapping as my critique. Most of the staff were friendly and pleasant.This place is good as fast food goes but it's still fast food.
I can make better Mexican food at home.  And many authentic Mexican restaurants can make real Mexican food quickly without it being fast food.  What's lacking?  Multiple things:
* The freshness of the ingredients...they're okay, not bad, just not super fresh.
* The salsas are not hot enough.  The medium has almost no detectable heat and the hot is what I'd call somewhere between mild and medium.
* None of the ingredients stand out as amazing.  Everything is just a tad bland: the cheese, the rice.
* The meat is too salty...perhaps to mask low-quality meat?
* The guacamole is insanely expensive..$1.19...I can buy a whole avocado for that price.  Give me a break.  I can understand charging maybe 79 cents but charging well over a dollar is price gouging.
I think it's sad that these restaurants persist when there are so many hole-in-the-wall Mexican places that offer fresher, tastier food for cheaper.I felt like I was cheating on Chipotle by going to Qdoba, but I had to try it.
I came here and ordered a burrito bowl with half chicken and half steak. I love that they don't charge for guac which is definitely awesome. They also have a queso sauce that is pretty darn good and compliments the other ingredients really well. the spicy queso is pretty darn spicy so be warned. They have a few more things you can choose from to put into your burrito that Chipotle doesn't include.This place doesn't give as much food as Chipotle, so in the end, I would say Chipotle is the better deal for the quality and taste. Qdoba is a good alternative though if you dont want to wait at Chipotle when the lines get long.I love qdoba. Everything is so flavorful and fresh. But at this location there are some servers that's don't serve you the corresponding portion. Half spoon of beans :/ and when you ask them for a (little) more because what they are serving is not fair they say alright that's gonna be some extra money. Not nice. There's no consistency with the portions. We usually stop by qdoba about 4-5 times a week and I don't think that's the right way of serving.Love this place.  Preferred over Chipotle.  Alays get the smoked brisket over a salad which is delicious.  Staff is super friendly.  And love the free WiFi.  Good food, inexpensive, and wifi.   What more could you want?Qdoba historically has not stacked up compared to other quick, Mexican style food joints, however, once Qdoba adopted the impossible meat, it is head and shoulders above the competition. 
I absolutely love the lengths Qdoba went to cater to meat alternatives. Also, guacamole and queso at no extra cost to your entree is excellent! 
I highly recommend the impossible tacos and bowls!Love love love the Spicy Queso & seasonal Mango salad. I order from here at least once per week. I typically order online and pick up in the store, but I have gone in & waited in line. The lines move fast and the customer service is good. Clean establishment as well.I'm sorry to say, but this particular QDOBA is horrible in terms of service and food quantity.  The servers were rushed and rude.  We ordered one soft taco, a nacho bowl, iced tea and two kid's meals.  At 4.60 each the kids meals were skimpy and the quesadillas were like cheese filled crackers.  My nacho bowl was the worst I have had at this particular location.  Quantity of meat was so sad.  I wasn't expecting an abundance, but if you take into consideration a regular spoonful of meat, you now have to start taking into consideration the size of the cuts of meat.  I barely got any cubes of chicken.  More like crumbs of chicken.  The worst nacho bowl I have ever had at QDOBA.  I have been going on and off for years and I will not be returning to the 40th St. location.  For the sake of fairness, I will check out the other QDOBA's I have frequented in the past and see if their service and food portions have changed for the worst.  I will check back in with my updates.I was at this qdoba earlier today (Friday 10/19/18)  during the after lunch crowd and I was very pleased with one of my favs "the chicken quesadilla ". The woman with the braids that prepared my quesadilla made my quesadilla look the same way it tasted (incredible) by taking her time dashing on the ingredients...one of my peeves at some qdoba's is  that they will throw on the ingredients in a rush...
My quesadilla tasted just how I anticipated, and I appreciated the petite diced peppers and onions( some qdoba's have  the peppers and onions that are cut long-ways and I totally dislike that) so, thanks again for the petite diced Peppers and onions and for having a clean bathroom and ample clean tables to eat from. :)Terroble customer service bad attitude. Half assed, asked for manager and was told I was speaking to her.  Alexis. Yeah right!  April 3rd 7:30 Pm. 2020. Crappy attitude not answering phone, not faking orders fave to face not taking orders online. I will never walk into that store again. I am a Chipotle guy now. I buy for myself and my family of six most times. I can not take this place any more I ised to be a real fan of theirs. The management has gone into the toilet.my order has been spot on everytime!! this is the best qdoba location. staff are greatMy friend instigated and I never have been to one so I gave it a try. This is a Chipotle type of place and not that I'm not into chipotle or the like I'm a Mexican foodie snob so I like the authentic stuff. This was ok. Your Americanized version of Tex mex  food that you can select toppings and such. I ordered the steak quesadilla and it was ok. Nothing for me to go running back here, sorry! My biggest peeve was no flatware! Why? If it's a takeout order it should have some utensils. The place was clean staff nice but I'd rather go to a mom and pop taqueria and get the authentic stuff.