It was a pretty cute little restaurant; the atmosphere was definitely "neighborhood pub."  We had a very nice (very obviously not Ethiopian) waitress with multiple visible piercings.  She was (*gasp* ) very attentive for an Ethiopian restaurant waitress.  The service was not as good quick as the average non-Ethiopian restaurant, but it definitely blew all the Ethiopian restaurant services away with the speed!  Gee, I wonder if it could be because she's not Ethiopian?!?!?!  hahaha  However, she did mention that she grew up in West Philly eating Ethiopian food.  mmmm I'm jealous!  
As is my custom, I went to use the bathroom and wash my hands before the meal.  Considering that Ethiopian food is eaten with one's hands, I would highly recommend this practice to all my friends .  There were two "stalls" in the bathroom.  Both stalls have saloon styled doors (2 halves swinging freely in the middled, hinged on either side).  The first one was lit, but the right half of the door was missing.  Given this, I opted for the second stall.  After stepping inside, I noticed a good 2 inches between the halves of the door.  Needless to say, I did my business in a hurry all the while praying that no one else would come in.  PLEASE LADIES, GO TO THE BATHROOM BEFORE EATING AT THIS RESTAURANT.  It is a harrowing experience!
When the food came (sooner than expected), the portions were fairly generous.  When I bit into the injera at the Queen of Sheba, I was pleasantly surprised.  It was fairly sour!  It was not as sour as Abyssinia's injera, but definitely a few steps more sour than anywhere else I have tried up to date.  Now, I'm not saying ideal injera should be sour, but I like mine that way.   hahaha  Unfortunately parts of the injera were a little dried.  *sigh*   It's a toss up for me between dried injera versus more sour injera.   
The dishes were all decent, but not amazing.  My companion liked the potatoes in the carrot, string bean, potato dish.  I thought their salad was fabulous - fresh and dressed perfectly.  I did not care for the raw onions, but have to admit the taste was a nice contrast to the other dishes.  Both lentil dishes were decent, as I have said before it is difficult for me to tell much of a difference in them.  However, my trusty sidekick noted that the lentils were more watery at Kaffa Crossing.  I know that 1 of the lentil dishes was too spicy for me, but I am a big, Big wuss when it comes to spices, so that is neither here nor there.   The lamb was a big disappointment, it was a little sour (bad?).  The collard greens were pretty standard, nothing amazing.Cheapest city-wides this side of the Schuylkill. Do you need another reason to stop by this place on a Friday night? Everyone here is very friendly and welcoming. I wish their menu had more to offer, but the fries are steak fries and are also DELICIOUS.Great neighborhood spot, good bartenders, good tibs.  They had a great blues guitarist in one Saturday, I think he plays Sunday nights normally but it was just a great time.  My bf is a regular and they keep him in tibs and lager and he's a happy guy.  If you're in the neighborhood stop in!Haven't eaten the food here - just stopped by for the bar.
I showed up here at around 1am on Saturday for a friend's birthday, and had a damn good time. The bartender was great - I ordered a long island and she warned me that they are huge and $13. When I told her I didn't want to spend that much, she wasn't offended and actually made me a modified drink with 151 that cost $8 but packed the punch of a long island. There was a $10 minimum for credit cards so the bartender gave me a beer in addition, which I gave to a friend. The tab came to $10 even - the beer was just $2 - and I was a very happy camper as I slurped down my drink.
The music was great, and I loved the tiny dance floor - it was packed and everybody was having a great time. I would come back here again for the very strong drinks and fun dancing (and I don't dance...)I used to live right across from Queen of Sheba, it's a really interesting place. There's a lot of locals on the bar side. Place feels super divey. I've gotten both take-out and sat in on the restaurant side. Their key wot and doro wot is probably some of the tastiest that I have had compared to Dahlak and Abssynia. I also really like their beef tips over rice. It's spicy and hits the spot. Injera is about the same as the other two places. I believe they have a $10 minimum for card. Service is kinda hit or miss depending on how busy it is. They typically have one server who also happens to bartend.Like in traveling, when it comes to bars, it's never the destination, but the journey you always fondly remember.  That's exactly how I feel about Queen of Sheba.  The destination of most bars usually end in being drunk, laid, rejected, dejected, or just having a time of any sort.  How you get there is entirely up to you.
But back to Sheba!  I really enjoy the simplicity of it all.  All it is, is just a bar where people are here to drink, talk, share a dirty joke, bitch about the state of pop music, or to just enjoy yourself.  The drinks are cheap and the people are terrific.  This place is a gem.We sorta happened upon Queen Of Sheba.
The wife, baby and I began heading with hopes of hitting up Dock Street. Well, Dock Street is not open on Sundays.
At that point we were committed to Baltimore Avenue, but both wanted something new. That cancelled out the usual good spots, The Gold Standard, Vientiane Café, and Vietnam Cafe. And, yes, those are two different places spelled almost the same, one Thai, the other Vietnamese.
So, this brought us to Queen Of Sheba. We had talked many times about trying out some Ethiopian food, especially since there are several in the area.
Sheba was more bar than restaurant. It was very empty, so we had the run of the place. There menu was very small. I was disappointed they did not have any meat combinations.
We initially were going to get the chicken and lamb tidbits, as well as an app called Foul. The waitress was kind enough to tell us that was A LOT of food. She informed us each meat dish comes with a mess of veggies.
So, we decided on just the chicken. Moments later we were told they were out of the chicken. Who runs out of chicken? It's not like there was a rush of people that came in before us. It was 1pm on a Sunday. We almost left, but got over it and ordered the lamb.
When the food arrived, we were very pleased. It all tasted very good. The lamb was tender and there was hardly any fat. The bread was done just right, just the right amount of sponginess. The veggies were done just right as well. We also really enjoyed the Foul, which is not to be confused with Fowl. It's actually vegetarian and I believe bean based.
All in all, the food was good. The decor was shabby. And the lack of chicken was a bummer.I called up Queen of Sheba to place an order. 
"Hello?"
"Hi, is this Queen of Sheba?"
"No."
I apologized for calling the wrong number, checked a different source, then tried again. 
"Hello?"
"Hi, is this Queen of Sheba?"
"No."
"Oh, sorry. The Web keeps giving this number for an Ethiopian restaurant."
"Yes, this is an Ethiopian restaurant."
"But you're not Queen of Sheba?"
"No."
She told me the name the restaurant was Asmara and then hung up on me before I could place an order. So I went there. Food's ok, atmosphere is kinda horrible--bar with two TVs blaring sports so loud that it's difficult to just eat in peace. At least  the other Ethiopian restaurants offer seating that's free from dismal dive bar cacophony. The only reason to go here is if you NEED Ethiopian for lunch and you're confined to Baltimore Ave. Otherwise, head to Kaffa Crossing.What a friendly place!
I've never eaten here, but a few of my friends are staple 'weekly members' on karaoke night and everyone here seems to know each other and have a great time. I was reluctant at first as this place is pretty far from my house, but after going once I have to admit I will definitely return on a Thursday to take part in the karaoke/dance party that seems to always ensue. Also- the drinks are crazy cheap, and I'm interested to try the food.
Overall, I think this place is great and definitely worth a repeat visit- possibly tonight as it is Thursday.QUEEN OF SHEBA is an INCREDIBLE & unique find in a city inundated with thousands of restaurants. It is an Ethiopian restaurant and i have been here now about 6 times over the past couple years. I have NEVER even seen a glimpse of disappointment. It is absolutely DELICIOUS!! The restaurant is family owned and ran and you feel like you are transported from the moment you walk into the front door. It is very well laid out with a large table overlooking the street, then a small bar area with a larger area behind that housing a bunch of tables, both conventional and also traditional (low seats with a center coffee table high area for setting food into....VERY authentic & FUN). The service is GREAT and everything can be well explained to you if you are not familiar with the cuisine or style. Everyone is incredibly friendly & helpful. The food is EXTRAORDINARY on every level....taste, scent, preparation & presentation. It is very similar to a stew appearance on most items and so VERY flavorful in the best way. You do not have utensils (available if requested) but instead you are presented with a multitude of crepes which you use as a utensil by tearing off a piece, using it to pick up food & eating it. It is so much FUN. We have tried a sampler tray several times and it is a highly recommended way of trying out an array of items....the tray can be done as a meat tray or a vegetable tray or combination of both. There is a bar.....our consistent favorite is the TEJ WINE, a honey wine that perfectly compliments the Ethiopian flavors. Just Go & Enjoy the UNIQUENESS of Queen of Sheba. They do take reservations and it is well worth the trip to it!!Awful...horrible..a bad idea!!!!
horrible food, me and my gf didnt even bother to eat even 25% of our entrees or to get the remaining 75% packed!
Service is horrible too!...nobody to check us in or to find us a table. Even after we found the table nobody bothers to get us the menus! we had to look around the place (tiny and very shabby) and finally had to go into the Kitchen to get the menus!!! That is unacceptable! 
I have no idea how can this place even average a 3.5 on yelp!!!Great neighborhood spot for cheap drinks alongside locals. I ordered my food around 8:30 on a Friday night, definitely drinking time, so I think the food was more or less so warmed up and the injera was cold. I still enjoyed it as I love a Ethiopian food and like to support a local place!Went in the late afternoon, about 4.30. The bartender was pleasant but said the chef wouldn't be in for a while so a meal was not to be had. Too bad.The Queen is a great dive bar for de-stress and chill out time.  This is *not* a trendy dive bar.  It's actually a dark, kinda dirty, tacky bar with cheap TVs blaring sports.  This is where you go for an irresponsible number of city wide specials with friendsFive stars for karaoke.  Three stars for food.  
Come here if you want to eat while singing and watching others sing.  Go somewhere else if you just want good Ethiopian food.  
This place isn't the worst, but it's just not as good as the other options within walking distance.  Das dat good ole American com-per-tition.  Yee haw.  Lol.Good food and good service. 
We ate lunch at the bar during an Eagles game recently. The waitress was very nice and we couldn't beat the $2 Buds even if they did come in a can. Lunch was good and very authentic. 
The atmosphere is a little less than desirable. Very basic plastic bar chairs and an old 70s-dive feel. Not a good place for a first date if you're trying to make a good impression.I'm really surprised at the low reviews for this place.  In my opinion, it offers the best valued Ethiopian food in the Philly area, a place where competition is steep.  The food here is a good $2 or so per item cheaper than in most restaurants, and the service I have found is consistently better than average.  The quality of the food does not at all suffer from the lower price--instead, you just give up the fancy atmosphere, and that's cool with me.
This place is a little divey, in a 70's cafeteria sort of way.  There's an eating area on one side, seat yourself, and a bar on the other.  The bar is dark and the seating area is brighter, but not exactly the most brightly lit place.
But I like it.  There's a positive vibe in here.  They're often playing energetic hip-hop music.  It's the sort of place that I feel very comfortable, and I'm not quite sure why.
But I always like the food, especially the vegetarian food.  I especially like the Foul and Vegetarian platter here.  Food is cheap, portions are good, quality is consistently good, service is consistently good.
Seriously, what is there to not like about this place?  The only thing I can imagine is if you're looking for something fancy...which I almost never am.
Epic win!Love the AUTHENTIC eritrean food here (if you don't want to try that they also have frid chicken, chicken fingers, fries, fried fish etc.) the owner is always so nice and pleasant as well as the staff come for an afternoon CITY SPECIAL a  shot of whiskey and a beer for four bucks!awesome dive bar!!!! $3 citywides here! LOOOOOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE. also $9 pitchers (like real actual large pitchers, not the lame ones with a big hollowed out area in the middle for ice but it means it's actually only half a pitcher). SO MUCH CHEAP ALCOHOL.This place is awesome! I came here with my boyfriend to see and film our friend Dave Smolen's performance. Parking was street but easy to find (it was on a week night). 
I love how those at the bar were able to tune out (or at least ignore) the experimental music being blasted unbearably loudly in that tiny space. The drinks were cheap and REALLY strong. I felt really comfortable there. Great atmosphere. I don't venture into West Philly too often for leisure but if I did, I'd love to check this place out again on the weekends.Came here one night to eat Ethiopian food me and my friend ordered the Beef tibs and gored gored it was flavorful and real quality Ethiopian food! Definitely give this place a try if your in West philly!The food is great, except the fish. Don't order the fish. But the classic curries are fabulous, and if you order meat you get vegetables with it. Incredibly good value and flavors are spot on. Ambiance is a little lacking- but it's a bar with a restaurant side so for what it is it's great. We also bring our toddler, there are booths. I recommend to try this one- it's the best one for Ethiopian food in the area if you aren't worried about having a huge menu or the fancy ambiance.I went here on a Friday night with some friends. We ordered the veggie combo and the doro wot. The veggie combo was okay, but a bit lacking in flavor. The doro wot was laughably bad. The "chicken" they served us was almost entirely just bone. It looked like someone ripped most of the meat off a few chicken thighs, then stuck the bones in the doro wot sauce and served it to us. The sauce was, like the veggie combo, okay, but not as flavorful as other places, like Abyssinia. The service and restaurant cleanliness didn't seem any better than the other Ethiopian places in west philly, and the service was not anything great.This place rocks if you live in west Philly and want to casually amble across the street to get wasted cheaply and un-ignominiously.
Bartenders are amicable and relatable.
Citywide special is available and recommended. 
Late-night, bar is usually full of African people eating special food from the kitchen that others can't readily partake it. I was okay with this and enjoyed the jovial atmosphere of this sort-of-seedy bar.This is a great place. Decided to stop in during the Baltimore Ave Dollar Stroll as they had $1 PBR's advertised....and I'm glad the rain made me stick around. Especially in time for Quizzo...which I kind bombed at, but, I guess it's okay. 
Food and service is excellent. I got some kind of spicy lamb dish with peppers and sauce over rice. So bangin! And a portion big enough to serve 2-3 for $10+tip. Ethiopian food is definitely a favorite from here on out. 
Drinks were cheap as well 2 mixed drinks and a beer came to $11, one of which was Miller Fortune for $3. A nearly 7% ABV beverage, I mind you. You're lucky if the closest watering hole to you has High Life for that price. 
My only complaint is the $10 minimum for cards. Combatted that by ordering in bulk, though, that isn't always feasible. 
Will return.West Philly is likely one of the few places in the states where you can legitimately claim the Ethiopian restaurant market is saturated, thus places need to be on their top game. Queen of Sheba has been around as long as I can remember, but for some reason I always thought is was just a bar. This misunderstanding had me missing out on one of the best vegetarian combos around. Sorry Abyssinia, but I think I've found a new place. That said, it's more of a sit at the bar and order kind of place, the restaurant section was desolate the two times I've gone, but the bartenders are friendly, and the beer is pretty reasonable, the food takes a little time, but then any good Ethiopian food I've had does.They have a quality (ie cheap) city-wide special and a legit dive bar experience.  If you like dives this is one of the many Baltimore Avenue gems.My wife and I just had dinner here on a sunday night.  We have eaten at other Ethiopian resturants in the area.  This one has a limited menu, but the food was very good.  The service was also extremely attentive.  Compared to other Ethiopian restuarants in the area I would say this one gives bigger portions (particularly of meat) for the money.  We were stuffed for a total of $19 for the 2 of us.  As they do not serve dessert and we wanted a little something to cleanse the palate after dinner, we went to a nearby cafe for dessert and tea and spent almost as much there as we had on our entire dinner at Queen of Sheba.   This is also a really interesting and diverse neighborhood.To keep my review short and sweet...
Went here for drinks with my friend on a Friday night- everywhere else we tried was packed. Ended up being able to get seating by the bar and then had a BLAST- cheap drinks, an interesting/eclectic group of people to talk to, and the best part was that my line of sight was douche-free all night. They had a jukebox- one of my favorite things when inebriated. The stools were a bit uncomfortable, though, although maybe it's just because I'm getting OLD. We stayed til the bar closed.
Next time I'm in West Philly on a Friday or Saturday night, I'll be here, rocking out with my friend to "Kiss From a Rose" and ordering PBRs and shots for everyone in sight.They have cheap beer and nice people. I don't get to West Philly much, but when I'm in the area, I go there. 
The food is weird. I like it.This is an awesome dive bar slash Ethiopian food joint. I've never been there during live music though, too bad. 
Good things:
- Amazing, cheap Ethiopian food--my introduction to the stuff.
- Cheap drinks. Rarely any beer better than Yeungling though. 
- Good jukebox. 
- Interesting crowd--it's easy to find a friendly, semi-wasted new best-friend-for-a-night.
- The space is really cool and relaxed, though sadly I've never sat anywhere besides the bar. There are low tables with patterned cushions that are pretty awesome. 
Bad things:
- .....hmmm. The bathroom is kind of weird?
- Drinks served in plastic cups. Eh. 
That settles it! Five stars! Wish I hadn't moved away from Baltimore Ave!There's a pretty good quizzo here Thursday nights at 8:30, which takes over the entire back booth area and can get pretty packed.  The beers remain welcomingly inexpensive (like $3 Yuenglings).Queen of Sheba has become my local watering hole. It's perfect for a group, with generous portions of Ethiopian food and pitchers of beer. Twenty years ago I was a regular at another bar at this location - Off the Wagon - and I can detect the structure of the old bar - the booths and brown decor. I like this incarnation much better because the food is delicious and perfect for sharing.
I stumbled in a Quizzo night there. The questions were fairly easy, but there were sharks among the crowd. A near perfect score is the only way to win the top prizes - and several groups vied for the top spots. I think it was a Wednesday night. The food service was especially slow and that had been the first time I experienced that. i won't take marks off on the restaurant, but I thought I'd mention it.I've wandered into here quite a few times now. The drinks are good (and cheap). You can't beat the citywide special! Give Will a holler, he'll take care of you!3.5 stars.
I went here with a group of Yelpers after a visit to Dock Street. It's somewhat dingy and dark at night. There are two sections, the main bar and another section with sit down booths and a karaoke machine. Fortunately, or unfortunately depending on your view of karaoke, it was karaoke night. Sort of like American Idol tryouts in real time, without the pompous British arsehole. There were actually some good singers, though by in large it was mostly juiced up partiers with an exaggerated opinion of their singing ability. The highlight was watching this guy dressed in Avril Lavigne arm bands singing and dancing without a care in the world. 
Drink prices were ridiculously cheap. I think for 4 people we got two gin an tonics an two beers for under 20 bucks. The waitress was attentive and fast.
I have to admit this wasn't a place I would have visited if friends hadn't prodded me into going. I'm glad I did.Yummy Doro Wat - justy the perfect spice! Our bartender was lovely - people in the bar were friendly. This was a fun visit back to my old neighborhood from the 1980s.This place is an interesting combination of urban neighborhood bar (I remember it as Off The Wagon - ugh) with great ethnic food & even decent beer from Dock Street up on 50th st. Different!!This place is ok ..if your black spending money they will stop waiting on you and wait on white people ..although the owner is EthiopianGood times and good food. Though it's totally a dive bar, they have Doc Street on tap which I was happy to see. I ordered the veg combo. It was HUGE and delicious. The vibe was relaxed and chatty. I had such a great night here, I think it's gonna be a standard destination for me.I adore Ethiopian food, and this place did not disappoint! We had a waitress who was extremely knowledgeable about the food, types of flavors involved, spice/heat levels of the food, prices, and what was available. She was working the bar and also serving tables and she did so flawlessly. She was very attentive despite having a pretty full restaurant. 
The food itself was wonderful. I love spicy food, and this hit the spot! The meat was tender, and the sauce was flavorful, and the injira was delicious. We also got some drinks, and those were well worth the price too. One of my favorite things about this place is the "2 giant Long Island Iced Teas for $18." I ordered them to share with my friend and it was a good price for the amount of alcohol. 
I come here whenever I want Ethiopian food, and I highly recommend it!Queen of Sheba is a fine choice for lunch when you're in the area ... and your preferred Ethiopian restaurants are closed.  The portions are generous, fairly tasty (though watch out for gristle and bone bits in some of the meat dishes), and inexpensive.  The injera is totally adequate but not more than that.
Our server was sweet and friendly.  But she didn't know of all the newly available Yards brews my friend and I saw in the fridge as we departed (and which we would have tried had we known).  Most of the other available beers are mass-market domestics.  The napkins provided are the small, square, thin bar napkins which are rather inadequate for when you get your hands all messy with saucy food.
There's a charmingly divey bar section, a semi-separate booths-and-tables dining area, and a small nook with a couple of messobs (the Ethiopian round straw tables).if you know exactly what you want out of your night. meaning: the plan is
8 minute walk to your friend Karen's house on Osage
(she's doing good, just promoted at work!)
5 minute walk to Queen of Sheba
get in the door (opens in). Find a seat. Theres two next to each other!
2 minute take off coat, look at menu, order a drink
howareyouhowareyougoodgoodcrazystroyawwwwsogoodtoseeyou
25 minutes - 2 drinks- food comes
yum (take the Instagram photo)
?? minutes - eating one more drink
home and in bed by 10:30am to get up for work
(plug your phone is to charge! **bonus points if you already received 3 likes on your Instagram from Sheba)
that it?
don't go to Queen of Sheba. or go. If I see you, I'll buy you a drink. as an fyi WaWa serves hoagies.Great friendly bar with really good Ethiopean food.  I'm no Ethiopean expert, but their food was filling and tasty.  Pleasant service and never too crowded.  Great place to catch a Sixers game or occasionally catch some live music.I really needed this on a day like today.  I had some time before class and this was my breakfast/lunch mealtime.  Yelp helped me decide on this place.  I've passed it many times and today I finally ventured in.  I wanted to go somewhere with a TV and ethiopean food and this place met the criteria.  The woman who greeted me, and I think ultimately made the food too, was very friendly.  I ordered lamb tibs and it was really good!  As the several photos on here show, the food comes on a huge thing of their bread with another one next to it, so there's plenty to eat with.  I think if I had a chance to redo the meal I would have ordered another meat instead of lamb because it was a little too lamb-y and I think the cut could have been chosen better.  I cannot describe it because obviously it's the taste of lamb, but I've had it in other places where it tastes better.  
After I ate, I lingered a bit and the same woman asked if I'd like coffee.  Of course, I said "yes, please!" because I was 20 minutes away from a two-hour class and I hadn't had any coffee yet.  Good stuff.  I felt very welcome here and the prices are reasonable in relation to the amount of food you get.  I think she was disappointed I didn't eat everything, but I was full!  
I'm definitely coming back, and maybe next time I'll get the Citywide special too!  
Tip: $10 minimum on credit cards.I'm no Ethiopian food expert but this seemed decent enough to fit the bill.  It's not absynia but it does it's job.  
The lady and I were out in West Philly attending a show when this was across Baltimore Ave waiting for us to mosey on in.  We were not disappointed.  Xzibit was our waiter and he did a pretty decent job.  The food, although not the greatest did the job as did the $2 mugs of Lager.  
Overall, we were happy that it was edible and cheap.  We spent our time waiting for our food wondering why the interior was as it was, which was pretty entertaining. What more can you ask for?"City Wide" special?  Hella yes!  $4 for a PBR can and a shot of bourbon.  They have a bunch of other cheap alcohol choices, but why mess with perfection?  PBR did win a blue ribbon, remember?
The food is surprisingly good.  One wouldn't think so from looking at the decor and general state of the bar.  But my dish, recommended by the server, was fantastic.  I was burping out its wonderful essence for hours afterwards.
The staff is genuinely friendly and create a good atmosphere.
Granted, this is a hole-in-the-wall which means women will probably want to go to the restroom before entering this establishment.
Aside, the jukebox is fun and has a snappy interface.  "Flight of the Conchords" anyone?I am new to Ethiopian Food, but this place is good. It is really good and very affordable. I went to Queen Shiba after studying at a cafe nearby.
I was in the mood for something new and Queen Shiba was enticing, especially considering the drinks were cheaper the evening I went in. 
I ordered a Ethiopian Lamb Stew that came on with 2 side dishes and large amounts of a type of bread. This dish is good. It is very filling so I recommend ordered this and a smaller dish to split with a friend. They also have a chicken version of it as well (I think they are around option 14-18 in the menu -double check this). I would come here again for drinks and food (half the place is a bar and it has very strong community vibes.
The bartender was also extremely friendly and very willing to explain the menu. Definitely check this place out.Good was good but it wasn't hot,like hot off the flame. Which makes me wonder but it was still goodThe worst dining experience of my life. We were told when we sat down that things were a little backed up in the kitchen, but after an hour when we hadn't gotten our food we decided to check on the status. We were told it would be 'right out' but it was another 20 minutes before the first item came out, and 10 to 15 until the next one, and the last one was so long we canceled it. 
We were there for 1 hour 40 minutes and only 15 of that was eating. All the waitress had to say was "I TOLD you it would be a while!" If we had known 'a bit of a wait' meant over an hour we wouldn't have bothered to eat there. It wasn't the dinner rush, it wasn't the weekend, it was after 10pm and there was only two other people in the dining room eating and maybe one person at the bar.
No real apology, no discount, no nothing. We even had to go and ask for the check.
Considering it is right next to Gojo and Dahlek, two excellent Ethiopian places, there's just no reason to risk an experience like this.I think perhaps that Ethiopian food just isn't our 'thing'.  I've had it in a variety of places, some high-end placesin NYC, some neighborhood places around, but after having Ethiopian, it always leaves, in my mind, something missing.  That's not to say that Ethiopian food isn't good .. perhaps it's just not for us.  
That being said, I still enjoyed our time here.. the service is friendly and laid back.  The food portions are really big.. I got the vegetarian platter and it came spanned over 2 big plates.  The food itself - well perhaps I'm not really a good judge of that.  I found it just OK - lacking depth.  Or perhaps vegetarian dishes isn't Ethiopian forte.  
The drinks are really really cheap and the bar itself is large and comfortable.
The bartender let us turn the TV onto the Olympics, too.  
I don't know if I will be back to eat but I'd go back for some drinks if offered.  The atmosphere isn't exactly the greatest, but drinks are drinks, right?
PS.  Some indigent looking man kept coming into the restaurant and getting himself kicked out.  That was a little amusing.Walking in, you wouldn't really assume this place serves food, but the lentil rolls had such a good flavor and I think that I have to come back for a meat based dish, based on the reviews. The few times I've been here, the place hasn't seen the cleanest, with a broken bathroom or a leaky faucet, but nothing that would turn me off of eating here. As of now, I can only really speak to the bar and a few items on the menu, but the bar seems like a laid back place to eat and drink. Will update when I try a larger menu item, but I have high hopes for this place!After eating at Dock Street, the slowly growing crew decided karaoke was the way to go. I'm not into karaoke, and can normally watch people do it for a little while but generally prefer just to listen to the actual song and skip the whole mess altogether. But whatever, I can play along. 
I dunno if its a regular Thursday thing, but the bar quickly filled up for the event (and I'm assuming that is why everyone was there, as that side of the bar was packed, while the actual "bar" area was much more open). Nice mix of tunes (old-school RnB right into Queen), lots of sing-a-longs, and some good performances. One apparent regular totally nailed James Brown. I honestly thought they were playing the actual record for a second. Dude was legit.
And I can't remember the last time I ordered two drinks (Jameson on the rocks and a Tanqueray and tonic), was able to pay with a $10 bill, and then receive change. Not only that, but the bartenders were friendly, quick, and didn't have a problem giving you a good amount of the booze. Thats pretty awesome in and of itself.
I found it amusing that with all the singin' and hollerin' just a few feet away, a few regulars were more interested in watching a James Bond movie on the TV at the bar. They kept turning up the volume, even. Hey, whatever you wanna do. Anyway, the crowd was lively, diverse, friendly...just a good time all around.
Never been here before, but would like to go back again. On the way out I saw some people with a large plate of Ethiopian fare...will probably save room in the tummy the next time I'm in the area.West Philly dive bars have a culture all of their own.  Save for Leroy's Showcase Lounge - which I will try very soon - they're usually part of an Ethiopian restaurant, and very, very cheap. Queen of Sheba is no exception.
When my friend ordered a vodka mixed drink at the bar, the bartender asked him, "What kind of vodka would you like?"  No matter what kind of vodka he would have preferred, the price would still be the same for mixed drinks on that Friday night: $3.
Bill M. does a great job of describing the decor - it's strange, at best.  Not to mention that their air conditioning the night we were there was weak or non-existent.  But watch out for Friday nights here - DJs spinning some of the greatest funk, soul, and italo in the city.  There's a tiny dancefloor, but still big enough to bust out some killer moves.
When I want to give my friends a good idea of a West Philly night out, QoS is definitely one of the highlights.  I'll be back there this Friday night, for sure.if you've never tried ethiopian go somewhere else - this place is for a specific ethiopian restaurant experience. the 1 star reviews are funny - they should probably never go to africa.
Popped by this place last Saturday afternoon for a late lunch with my dad after the Penn Museum when the place I wanted to take him was closed. shared 2 entrees for 24 bucks. that included a beer actually. Not bad.
sauces were good (not bad but not tasty) and the greens sadly had that "straight out of the can" taste you sometimes get. oh well. their beri-beri sauce has a nice dusty heat. felt sorry for my dad who drank his water too quickly because the waitress was lazy and unattentive - but in a friendly way. 
owners and cook are nice. the owner put some ethiopian dance music on the jukebox for a party who came with two kids wearing ethiopian soccer jerseys. it took me back to my peace corps days.
so, it's a pretty authentic african bar/restaurant here in philly that doesn't appear to over-use maggi. pretty much like a foodstall with seating you'd find in a large town in africa except they actually have what's on the menu.
decor is great and unintentionally dive.
classic neon beer signs in the window and that seal of a quality bar in africa - Guinness - but they also have yards in the bottle to represent craft brews. the waitress doesn't know though - so if you want it you just have to order it.
Kinda wished I lived in West Philly so I could have a beer here from time to time.
ps- don't bother with that tiny paper bar napkin, just wash your eating hand in the bathroom and open the door with the other one.Ive never actually tried the food here but I've stopped in several times for drinks. It's a lounge after restaurant hours and they make some pretty cheap but stiff drinks. I stopped in yesterday during dollar stroll to grab some Pabst Blue Ribbon for $1 and hung out for a bit. It has a very casual and laid back vibe so it's a good place to go to grab a drink with friends.I've been here twice and both times I got pissed off and disappointed. I had Ethiopian food before at Gojjo and I enjoyed it,  thought I should try a different restaurant. Well... That was a mistake. The first time I brought my partner there cuz we had been watching a movie til late and we're hungry. We waited an hour for our food and it was not good,  bland and kinda weird. Overpriced. 
The second time, my friends were craving Ethiopian food and suggested we go to this place. BIG mistake!! We waited for one hour,  again... And the waitress forgot my friend's order. She appeared to be high or drunk. Food wasn't good, the beef I ordered was raw and I asked for medium rare. 
People smoke outside and it was still during cold weather.  They didn't care and kept the door open letting both the wind and the smoke in. 
I don't recommend this place at all!Holla. City wide specials. Talk to Will. Get some wings. One of the best "dive" bars on Baltimore...
-- The ManThe Queen of West Philadelphia. 
This place can't be beat. I'm scared to even review it because I don't want a bunch of people going there and ruining my good time. However I could never give it less than five stars. 
The people you meet here will make memories for the rest of your life. 
If you want to spend an evening bullshitting with the most interesting people you can't meet anywhere else.....This review is not for the food, only the Thursday night Karaoke and drinks: I'm a fan, a group of us went to Queen Of Sheba after an unofficial Yelp event.  Bill knew it was karaoke night.  We got a few songs into the rotation because we got there about an hour before the singing went down.  Mixed drinks were $3, they tasted like straight liquor, liquid courage, it helped getting on stage.  I kind of want keep this place to myself, but it was a lot of fun, so give it a try!  Also if you do stop by give me a call, I'm only two blocks away.  Queen Of Sheba, definitely quickly becoming a favorite!!13 reviews and no pictures!!!  That's high treason!  Don't worry, I added a few.
This review is for the food only, my last review was for Thursday night karaoke.   The service was refreshingly laid back.  Order all food at the bar and at 7pm on a Saturday only a few regulars are around.
The bartender, as someone else mentioned, was obviously Xibit.  He was a cool guy, he was attentive without being overbearing or lurking.
I got the Lamb Tips on naan and Bill M got the beef Kefto (med-rare), both were a very reasonable $10 even.  Bill's beef was a little too raw for my liking, but that's how it was ordered.  The beef was served in te traditional style.  He really liked it and even took leftovers home.  My food was more than I could eat and probably a few notches too spicy.  I ordered mild, but I was still challenged toward the end.  The taste and quality far exceeded my expectations.  I expected mediocre bar food based on my assumption that the regulars at the bar were keeping the establishment afloat.  That assumption was false.  There is no doubt in my mind that Queen of Sheba has regulars that show up for the food as well as the beverages
Don't be intimidated to visit Queen of Sheba.  The metal grate on the door and the smokers outside shouldn't dissuade you.  Although once inside a few people may be loud, everyone is extremely friendly.  And after not too long you'll start to feel the love amongst the wood paneling.
For the record, they do take reservations and they do offer take out.  Both pluses in my book.  Mixed drinks start around $3, beers at $2.My sister and I dined in, the first time for me in a very long time! The restaurant was reasonably clean, plastic dividers separating tables, and the staff wore masks the entire time. Since it was her first time eating Ethiopian food, the waitstaff had good information and recommendations! Although I'm a little offended at the offering of a meat over rice when we definitely came for injera. :)
We got the Queen of Sheba special and the veggie combo, which was obviously more than enough for 2 people and a good sampler for my sister to try. This is definitely one of the better places in the city and I'll definitely be coming back, although maybe I'll be sticking to takeout for a while. The restaurant was completely empty but you know, we're still trying to be safe until things return "back to normal."On a scorching summer day, this place gave us a place to rest and feast on what was one of the most delicious meals of my life. The entree I ordered came out as a generous portion of lamb in Berber sauce, and coupled with red mesir wat, and a side of collard greens, was the perfect combination. These greens were a great accompaniment to the Ethiopian Philly cheesesteak that was not too funky , and still maintained that quintessential flavor profile for my companion visiting from the Midwest . His introduction to both Philadelphia and Ethiopian cuisine was an excellent entry to both worlds. The Bloody Mary, with a hint of exotic spices, fiery kick and tarty tomato base was absolutely perfect. 
I highly recommend this place in a diverse part of this city.I'm not a local so I can't really compare this to the other spots in the neighborhood, but I'm well versed in Ethiopian food and I'll say that this was very good.
I got the queen Sheba platter. It's enough food for two people. It was really good, very meat heavy. The injera here is great- thoroughly sour and the perfect texture. Service was ok, food did take awhile, and it was more of a bar ambience than a restaurant vibe since there's a full bar, TVs, and loud music playing.
I would recommend though. I think the value for the cost is solid. A fun place to go to catch up with friends or for a generally casual dinner.Oooh Queen Sheba. 
The place i used to hang out during my early days when i first moved to west philly. Queen of Sheba is pretty much like a mega divebar if there's a such thing. Except they serve good food believe it or not. 
Not knock your socks off type of food, but just food enough to wash your drink down with.
The bartenders are pretty cool and they aren't bothering you every 10 minutes if you aren't buying things and just hanging out.
I ordered a food ole PBR special with spiced chicken, beef, and rice combo with an assortment of veggies. There's nothing like some solid slightly greasy, yet spicy food when you're on your second or third drink. I personally don't want a cutely curated dish when my drink is already as divey as it gets. That's like ordering a cheesesteak loaded with onions and cheesewhiz with pomegranate seltzer with muddled mint. Why, just why?
Queen of Sheba isn't great, but its not supposed to be. Everything doesn't have to be great to be good.Wow what an amazing meal from fine establishment!. It really feels like the old days when me and my friend lived over here and all we did was think about our next beer. Or should I say beard because actually there is a sense of wonder in having facial hair. Definitely would say that the spot is geared towards the elderly, but not old just experienced. Shout out to my man PJ for always hooking it up, and making us feel at home!
 lots of love,
 Max
P.S. the food hits the spot as wellThis review is based on going here for a show that Badmaster Records put on. I have no idea how to rank it for food yet but might have to find out soon.
As far as shows go though this is great spot. John Emory and Badmaster Recs have put on some great shows here. if your around West Philly then you have definitely seen some of Badmaster's sick bands play some house shows. but even if you're not in West Philly you might have heard some of them - Pony Pants, Drums Like Machine Guns, Mincemeat On Ten Speed, Bad New Bats, Northern Liberties, etc. A lot of these cool bands have played here but they also bring in some of their friends. I saw Eat Foreverer and Tyvek play here last night and it was a great time.
As far as food goes it's a dive bar that serves Ethiopian food. If you've been to West Philly then you know it instantly has some stiff competition from Dahlak and Abyssinia/Fiume. Although I haven't had the food I'm kind of doubtful about it being better than the other two (Dahlak is one of my addictions!). It might be cheaper though. But if you're interested in trying it out message me and maybe I'll come along (food tryouts are fun!).
The decor of the place is all around weird. picture an Ethiopian Dive Bar Cafeteria. by now you're either terrified or heavily intrigued. it's a wooden interior with tacky Ethiopian decorations (framed posters), and a glass Pabst Blue Ribbon divider (?). The alcohol selection was pretty sparse - the best beer they had was all kinds of Yuengling, even Lord Chesterfield. But it was inexpensive.
Definitely come here for a show though. You'll usually see 3 to 4 cool bands for $5. and you'll have a good time.There was a time, years ago, when I only had one friend who would go here with me. Sure, the clientelle was primarily African (nothing wrong with that) and the facade a little suspect, but I always had a great time here around the big curved bar. Bartenders were sweet, and drinks were cheap, and the juke box was jumping. I *guess* I'm pleased that other people have finally discovered this little gem, though it will eventually mean that it's impossible to hide from the people I know.