I love this place! Doesn't take me long to get there and the food is great!One of my favorite places to go to in Philly, and I take every one of my visiting friends here! This place has a lot of yummy stores and awesome stores ( recommended: the grilled cheese place at Meltkraft Grilled Cheese, the donuts at Beilers, 4 Seasons Juice Bar, Muellar's Chocolate Co., icecream from Bassetts, and local honey from Bee Natural). I love coming here, and even though it can get really crowded during lunch hours on the weekends, it's still worth it.This might be a bit unfair to have a single review, as each stall has very different fare with a variety of qualities. It can definitely be considered food heaven, but on the contrary on a Saturday morning can be Philadelphia hell. The produce at Iovines is very good and fresh, and very very reasonably priced. It can be hectic but the lines go extremely quickly. The rest of the market tends to have very long lines - but the lines can be an indication of the HAVE TO eat. The Original Turkeys turkey sandwhich with cranberry and stuffing. The Cannolis at Termini Bros (best I've ever had), Becks Cajun Hurricane Sandwhich, Anything at Beilers, but especially their Donuts and their pecan cinnamon rolls, The Reuban or Rachel from Hershels, DiNicks Roast Pork, Dienner's chicken, but most importantly Millers Twist!
Its definitely an experience you dont want to miss as a tourist, and if your a local you already go there regularly!Alright, I remember the first time I went to the reading terminal and being overwhelmed by the barrage of smells, noise, and people walking back and forth experiencing this massive food/dining market all at the same time. In order to save you, my readers from doing the same research I did to find the 'best of the best,' 
Here is a list of my suggestions (you can view my personal reviews as needed)
1. Any pretzels from Miller's twist - $2.5 (soooo delicious)
2. Roast pork sandwich from DiNic's - $8-10 (very intense provolone taste, voted best in many food magazines)
3. Gumbo at Beck's Cajun Cafe - $10 (lots of flavors, big bowel, a little bit salty)
Additional things to try (from other viewers)
1. Beiler's doughnuts
2. Roast duck noodle platter at Sang Kee Peking Duck House
3. Apple dumplings at Dutch Eating Place
If you want to explore, I'd recommend going aisle by aisle first to see what's available before you settle down. Here's my recs:
Step 1 - walk and explore
Step 2 - choose where you want food(s) from
Step 3 - find a table (hardest part)
Step 4 - have one person sit there and then get food.
Step 5 - don't forget to get napkins and utensils
Step 6 - eat and repeatIt's an experience, to say the least!  Not as many good vegan options since Basic 4 left, but it is still a neat place and a good place to get breads, jams, produce, and other delicious things.Food selection is bountiful. Gets a bit crowded which sorta adds to its appeal. All casual selectionsfresh seafood and produce. fresh breads, cheese wheels spices and great restaurants for lunchReading terminal is always crowded. The food is fresh, the people are from different places. The environment is awesome.Go hungry and early!  Can eat anywhere in the market and get a great meal.  Doesn't matter which spot you pick, I've lived in Philly for 6 years and haven't been able to go to every single spot here.  When I last checked I have been to about 75% of all the stands.  It will satisfy any and all cravings you have.  Just follow your nose!This is a great spot for fresh local foods, candies to taste there or buy produce and meats to take home. Great farm to table market place! I wish I lived closer so I could have brought some of them home! I had a Dinics sandwich and some great candies from local companies.Been there many times, we usually go to Spataro's for a great Cheese Steak or a hoagie. They have the best sandwiches in the Reading Terminal Market.Definitely a good place to visit if you're touring Philly with the fun local stands.  The produce market has great student prices, and caters to locals. 
I like the roast duck at Sang Kee's stand.  The soft pretzels.  Any of the Amish meat.  The ice cream.  Actually, I've never had bad food here.LOVED THIS PLACE!
As a former Washingtonian, I have high standards when it comes to markets - Pike's Place really set that bar high....so let me tell you - Reading Terminal Market, well it definitely holds its own!
The market is set up in blocks / gridded districts, as depicted in a map you can view in the center seating area. We walked each corridor and took in the sights of many amazing items - from juices and smoothies, to breads and baked goods - local honey to fresh produce, seafood, meats....sensory overload, as MacRae posted in a previous review - in the best of ways!
Definitely make a trip here!!If you live in or visit Philly, you have to go to Reading Terminal.
- David RounickLove this place! They have everything you could need at the highest quality with great prices. One our favorite Sat/Sunday morning spots! Advice--Saturdays are better to go because there are a lot of Amish vendors that are closed on Sunday.Great selection of a variety of foods. Wish there were some more fusion offerings, but this was incredible!Just the best food in all the land. 3 important stops on the list. Beiler's bakery:pick up glazed donuts and blueberry fritters. Dinics: Get a brisket sandwich with provolone (dont worry, the huge line goes very fast). Millers twists: ANY pretzle, hot dog or stuffed pretzle. SO good.Fun place to try some of Phillys food options. Every time i visit, I always leave with a dozen Beilers donuts, the blueberry fritter is a MUST. So far as far as food, it has been a bit underwhelming. I tried the infamous Tommy's Roast pork sandwich, which was massively underwhelming and coming from someone who lives for garlic, had much too much. The bee candles are AMAZING, affordable, burn so cleanly, and make great gifts. Overall this is a place meant for exploration. I am always finding something new and delish. If you are new to Philly or just have a day to spend Reading is a must do.I love reading terminal market! I've been going there for a while to get lunch on the weekends and it's always the first place I want to take guests who are visiting Philly. Lately, I've started buying more and more of my groceries - produce and meat mainly - there as it's super affordable and very convenient.When I think of Philly, I think of Reading Terminal. Anywhere you eat here is GOOD. Like really good. So good you will call someone and tell them all about it. Don't leave without getting a fresh baked pretzel from one of the Amish women. There is a vegetarian place that is yummy too but it's pricey and the servings have gotten smaller over the years.Very cool location with a bunch of different places to eat at.  Only negative was there not being a lot of space to sit and eat but it was lunch time.Pretty good if you're hungry or an Amish food fan. Prices are pretty steep there, but a fun time.Great location and options. This is a HUGE market. Be ready to ask for a map to acclimate yourself. My review may be a bit premature as I need several visits to properly rate the quality of vendors and food options. I wish the market stayed open later in the workday.If you like food, and you happen to be in Philadelphia, take yourself to the Reading Terminal Market.
Food: all the delicious American foods are available. Shout out to MeltKraft grilled cheese.
Size: enormous. To walk around it takes a good half an hour. 
Location: easy to get there by bus, taxi or uber.it's obnoxious, crowded, and full of tourist traps...but also awesome and full of delicious goodies.  you just need to figure out what the good stuff is!  start with bassett's ice cream.  yum!This place is great! It's a true Philadelphia experience. I don't come here as much as I would like, because I don't always want to brave the huge crowds.  Nonetheless, this is a fantastic place to pick up lunch of any kind, and do your shopping.  I go for the fresh seafood stands, with everything you can imagine.  I also pick up fresh olives, pasta, cheeses, and Amish delicacies.  They have a stand for everything. It's like an old-fashioned European Market, but located inside. Check it out!love the salmon and rice....just wish you could get a seatFun place to check out with lots of good food and interesting people watching.  Some of the best places are Amish-run; be aware that those shops are closed on Sundays.Let's start by saying this is the place to go if u are hungry.  
There are many varieties of food there from Chinese Thai, soul food, burgers, cheesesteaks, pastrami or corned beef sandwiches.  And everything here is fresh and made to order.  I went into this looking for a pastrami sandwich. And Hershel's deli did not disappoint.  The pastrami was cut and served right in front of ur eyes and it was juicy and delicious!!!! 
And if u have a sweet tooth. They have a chocolate spot and a homemade donut shop.  They make the donuts right there. And wow are they to die for.  My favorite donut was the salted caramel and blueberry fritter.   But there were many more flavors to choose from.  
They also have a produce section and also a fresh seafood and butcher as well.   I'm From jersey and would definitely come back to try some other things.Yes it gets SUPER crowded (especially when conferences are in town / lunch time) but it is very unique to have such a bustling and crowded market with tons of diverse food selections.
Definitely a must-see for out of town visitors and for when you want that special sandwich or dessert.  Also, several fruit and vegetable grocers have an astonishing display and variety of fruits/veggies at great prices.This place is amazing - a foodie paradise on earth.. Hot pretzels .. Amish jerky amazing desserts chocolate
wine Chinese food ... We were in town 2 days and went twice!Go there hungry with patience. Everyone enjoying the onolicious food thereReading Terminal is a Quincy Market that had a thousand babies for those Bostonians out there.  There are butchers, bakers, specialty foods and international delicatessens.  The entire bazaar is indoors and would take a couple of hours if one were to appreciate all it had to offer.  There is at least one dining area in the terminal for shoppers.  A great place for people watching, grocery shopping or going for a meal.  Definitely worth the time if you are visiting the area.A must go if you're visiting in Philly or live there.  I was lucky enough to live a few blocks from there for a few years.  There is every thing good to eat.  I must admit that a highlight for me was on of the candy shops with turkish delight during the summer.  Good noodles, amish people selling cakes and breads.  Fresh produce.   It's crowded and bustling in a good way.The reading. Market. Is a okay place. Food is excellent but service sucks people are ignorant they don't help u and the clients or customers are the worstCame into town for an extensive work project and stayed at the hotel directly across from Reading. I was shoo excited and blown away when I walked in and saw the busy extensive options. I compared Reading to the Cleveland West side market and thought reading was winning....however... Shopping here is limited to a small amount of produce and vast amount of food stands selling overpriced food lacking flavor. I tried at least 7 different restaurants and was completely underwhelmed. Its seems quantity over quality is the trend here.Best place for lunch in the city!  Anything you want!  Sang Kee is particularly good!  Duck!  Roast Pork!Place is Awesome! I get everything from fresh fruit and veggies to Amish Beef jerky, wine, meat from a butcher, fresh seafood, bbq sauces, pork sandwiches, gyros and finally juicers and smoothies. You will not be disappointedThis was probably the best indoor market I have seen in the US. There is just so  much going on that you just want to try everything. It is local vendor heaven. You have to bring cash it is so much easier and an empty.  It is also really crowd but that make it fun to see what people are in line for and what might be worth the wait.All I can say about this place is HOLY #$)(#*&!!!!  This has to be the food mecca of the East Coast.  This reminds me of El Centro Market in Mazatlan, Sinaloa MX except everyone hear speaks english.  Picture walking into a Costco where every few feet is a food stand, deli counter, cup cake and pasitisere, ice cream, a stand with only bacon, and the list goes on an on.
You have to stop and eat here, especially Tommy Dinic's which is iconic for their pork sandwhich (which I had) and their brisket sandwich with brocolli rabe (which I had). Portions are massive, could not eat a full sandwiched so I split it with my wife and we also gave some to her friend.  
Not much to say other than this is 5 stars of a place to vist and every food imaginable under the sun.
Go there!
5 starsReading Terminal Market is a wonderful place to visit for people who love food.  There is something for everyone, locals & tourists. You can eat there, or take your finds home. It's fresh because it's local. And oh so good!Fun place to spend a few hours especially if you have a group with different tastes! Lots of really great choices for breakfast or lunch! Lots of hustle and bustle! Vendors punch your Parking garage ticket for discounted parking. Just put the validated ticket in the machine on the ground floor lobby and it recognizes the discountGood street food. Multi cuisine street food severed at this place. Usually crowded. I didn't buy veggies n meat so no comments.Can't live without Miller's Twist pretzels (with the sweet mustard sauce), Grill at Smuckers breakfast wraps, Martin's steaks and sausages, and Profi's breakfast crepes. So much variety it's the best place to bring friends from out of town when you can't agree on something for breakfast or lunch because there really is something for everyone and it's always quality food.Collectively, I can get my groceries (mainly fresh vegetables and meats) for much cheaper price than I can get at my local supermarket.  Plus, everything is fresher, I'm contributing to local businesses, and it's more likely that the food is locally sourced here.  And still a one stop shop!  Don't forget to get $4 parking across the street when they validate your parking (which is just a strategically placed hole in your parking ticket).On a recent work trip to Philly, I chanced to stay at a hotel right in the middle of downtown.  During my trip I had planned to get out see some of the sights (the historic buildings around Independence Hall, the Rocky Statue, and the University of Pennsylvania just to name a few).  Not wanting to have to walk to a fast food joint for lunch, the hotel conceirge recommended taking a short walk to the market down the street.  Keep in mind that this was my first trip to Philly and so I thought this place was nothing more than a corner grocery store.  Oops.
If you have never been to Philly but are looking to make the trip, you absolutely must make this part of your itinerary.  This place will absolutely blow you away.  For the record, this a huge farmers market that serves, well, everything.  Italian subs, cheesesteaks, tacos, sausages, burgers, cajun foods, chinese foods, artisan breads, ice cream and yogurt, seafood, hoagies, fresh produce, specialty cheeses and they even have a full service amish bakery.  And thats barely scratching the surface.
I was only in Philly for five days so there was no way to try out all these places, but I can tell you what I did have was all good.  Carmen's Hoagies were delicious, the Little Thai Market has outstanding chicken dishes, Olympic Gyro had a tremendous Pita sandwich and Beiler's Amish Bakery had an apple dumpling dessert that was out of this world!  In all I think I only had 3 or 4 meals during my trip that didn't come from the market.  For those of you who enjoy farmers markets, this place is the creme de la creme of farmers markets.  
A couple of pieces of information for you if you decide to make the trip.  First, bring cash.  Some of the vendors take debit or credit, but most that I encountered only took cash.  Second, check the Reading Market website for hours for each vendor as they all have different schedules.  Usually a late lunch is a good time to go as the crowds aren't as thick and most of the vendors are still open.  Third and lastly, this is the perfect place if you want to try out true Philly food.  There's other famous spots in town, but if you're crunched for time like I was, this place has all the Philly staples you'd expect.  Pretzels, cheesesteaks, hoagies, you name it.
If you're in Philly and looking to sample some fresh local faire, it doesn't get much better than this.  What Pikes Public Market does for downtown Seattle, this place does for downtown Philly.  A wildly popular local market where people can load up on just about anything.  I don't know when my next trip into Philly will be, but you can bet your bottom dollar on where one of my first stops will be.I have only been here a few times and tried a few of the vendors but I don't think it's possible to not find what you're looking for here. There's choices ranging from gourmet grilled cheese to middle Eastern cusine to Italian or german and on and on. Hard to rate the establishment as a whole because it respresents so many different foods but I highly recommend trying it out.This was our first time here and I love this place! It was a little overwhelming at first, with so much to see and eat. You should definitely try the Brisket at Tommy DiNic's, Pastrami at Hershel's, and a desert  from Termini Bros.Who doesn't love Reading Terminal Market? I worked there for 2 years and also lead a food tour through this location learning about the history, past and present.
Not only are all the vendors local but they are required to serve everything fresh. I worked at Hershel's and they literally cook their meat for 14 hours before serving it and slicing it up fresh in the market. There are tons of Philly gems here including DiNIcs, Carmen's, Bassetts, Famous 4th Street Cookies, Flying Monkey and Delilahs'.
The produce there is fresh and often times cheaper than if you were to get it in a supermarket. The seafood and fresh meats that you can purchase at the market are unbelievably fresh and at moderate prices. It's one of the only places I can go to as a one-stop shop for preparing a meal.
I try to go to Reading Terminal during the week as it gets PACKED during the weekends. The Amish vendors are there from Wednesday through Saturday. As a Lancaster County girl, I'd definitely recommend trying out some of their food if you can get them (especially the Rib Stand).
I honestly can't rave enough about this place. Just come with patience. It's tourist central, and for good reason.This was my first time here and I was impressed.  There are sooo many different eateries and little shops.  This reminds me of the farmer's market at the Grove in Los Angeles.I work near RTM and go here way too much. Here's my quick guide on the highlights of where to eat: 
Breakfast
Beiler's donuts - Ranked by Fodor's as America's 20 best desserts spots. They do donuts well. Apple fritter and Dutch crumb are my favs. 
Beiler's bakery - You'll need to share the blueberry loaf of bread. Honorable mention for the sticky bun, but it's not served warm.
Metropolitan bakery - They do typical baked goods well. I love the almond croissant and various muffins. 
Dutch Eating Place - Breakfast done well. Love the pancakes.
Lunch
Little Thai Market - Their grilled salmon dish (comes with rice and broccoli) is good and affordable ($7 and some change). You can get extra curry sauce and/or shrimp if you pay a little extra. This dish is popular with the locals and you can see a line at lunch time. If there's a long line, I would skip unless you really want to eat seafood.
Sandwiches
Hatville Deli - Corned beef special
Dinic's - Featured on Man vs. Food. Get the roast pork, get it with provolone.
Herschel's Deli - Pastrami sandwich preferably reuben. The corned beef is also good. 
The Original Turkey - thick slices of turkey, cooked perfectly.
Snack -
Miller's Twist - The pretzels are way better than Auntie Annie's. 
Iovine Brothers Produce - eat healthy and get some fruits or nuts for the road.
Dessert
4th Street Cookie Company - My favorite is the chocolate chip with walnut
Basset's Ice Cream
Termini Brothers - Get the cannoli 
Beck's Cajun Cafe - The beignets are amazing, but only served on certain days.
Beiler's Bakery - The shoofly pie and whoopie pie are good and very unique to this culture.
Dutch Eating Place - Hot apple dumpling, the PA Dutch version of an apple pie.
Flying monkey - Get your dessert fix here if you're vegan.
Beverages
Old City Coffee - This hits the spot after all the food you've eaten. Goes great with dessert.MUST CHECK OUT!!
definitely a must do while in Philly. Bring plenty of delicious food home lots of cool spots. I love the selection of choices at this convenient location. Yoy Won't Regret eating or coming here.It is hard to go wrong when you go to the Redding Terminal. First of all, many of the locals shop and eat here so you know it has to be good. The terminal itself has been around for many years and so have many of the businesses that rent space inside of it. 
Whether you want Cheese steaks or Indian food, you will find it here. My only complaint is that there are too many choices. I know there are individual Yelp reviews for many of the restaurants and businesses inside the terminal. Our family sat down to eat meals from 5 different restaurants and they were all tasty. We capped off the meal with a visit to Bassett's ice cream which is one of the oldest businesses in the terminal and the ice cream was fantastic.
A visit to Philadelphia is not complete without checking this place out. It is sure to be a crowd pleaser.Enjoy doing my weekly shopping here, though it's typically PACKED (emphasized for a reason) Good quality produce to be found, good meats, and other trinkets from the PA Dutch like Peanut Butter and Preserves. Organic/raw Honey. Pastry and chocolates, cheese and bread. Coffee and loose tea to be had as well. Some of it is overpriced, as the place is a tourist trap but at the end if you're a regular shopper you know where to go and where to avoid. All in all pretty high quality stuff at reasonable prices. 
Bike parking can be tight, so if you're a rider be prepared for that.
Again, the joint is a cattle car on the weekend, so be prepared for that.This place is amazing!!!  You can easily spend hours exploring everything in there and sampling all the food.  The meat and produce are also priced very cheap.  They even have products that you can't easily find in other markets.I get the Spanikopita from the Greeks, the Pizza from the Italians, The Sushi from the Japanese, the Chicken from the Amish and the fruit from the Koreans.  It's like taking a trip around thew world all under one roof!  A must visit if you are visiting Philly!Foodie paradise. You can spend the whole day eating your way through this food mall. It gets crowded so if you see a place to sit, go for it! Work as a team with your significant other and cover twice as much territory. This is a tourist's delight located right at the heart of Philly.How do you even rate this place? So many different food options, plus other vendors. Go find the little book store in the back! Definitely worth a visit if you're coming to the city. Watch out for the lunch rush though.The oldest indoor market in the centre of town, close to Chinatown. It's heaven for foodies with great options, although very touristy. Try the sampling from the cheese shops as you inhale the smell of cheesesteaks around you. There is even a brewery inside. The prices are not cheap for produce.
Value 3/5
Atmosphere 4/5
Service 4/5
Quality 3/5
14/20Awesome mix of small food outlets and grocery.  You'll come to get the famous Dinic's roast pork with broccoli rabe and provolone.  But when you see how long the line is try the falafel place.  It's fantastic and fast.Ate: "The Famous" from Dinic's, lemon tart from Termini Bros
Drank: A raspberry and pineapple smoothie from one of the vendors.
Liked: Lots of food and interesting things to eat.
Disliked: Crowded!  And I went on a calm day.  Some dude cut in front of me in Dinic's and pretended that I didn't see him.  The audacity!
Chicken: Yes.  I had some chicken wings but can't remember from where. They were acceptable.
Would mom like it?: Yeah, big crowds are mom's natural habitat.  She knows how to sidestep and maneuver in ways I could only dream of.
Would I go back: Sure, next time I'm in Philly.
Recommend:  I'd like to try the pulled pork from Dinic's next time.  That looked really good!What an awesome place! Reading Terminal Market reminded me a lot of the Seattle Fish Market, with an abundance of diverse stalls selling prepared food, market ingredients, and other generally handmade products. While it can be a little overwhelming at times it's definitely a must see on the list of things to do in Philly.The grilled reuben sandwich we had here at the sit-down diner was probably one of the best meals we had in Philly... period! 
Loved the cheapo slim jims too. This place is great to explore in the comfort of air conditioning ;)So much to choose from.  If you don't like eclectic or intl flavors stick with the sandwiches as Dinics, ice cream and Miller Twist pretzels.  If you want to be more adventurous in taste, there are plenty other cultures to choose from.  Make sure to go for breakfast or lunch as they close at 6pm.Visited here for lunch! This place is massive!!! We ended up walking around before deciding what we wanted and it was so overwhelming with all of the options! I highly recommend getting cookies from the 4th Street cookie company. Hands down the best cookie I've ever had!! There's something for everyone here!This is one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia. Though it gets extremely crowded, you'll find some amazing food and dessert spots here (my favorite dessert is Termini Bros!). There's something for everyone, and even if you're not in the mood to eat or spend money, it's a ton of fun to just walk around and observe the crowds and food stands and establishments. Worth the trip, definitely!So many choices! Great for a visitor coming into town. A lot of places only take cash so keep that in mind. Love Smuckers for breakfast.Amish people are cool--their food is rich and fatty and down home fantastic.  The Terminal is CRAZY during lunch time mostly for jurors and tourists but if you go about 1030 and a bit after 2 you're laughing.   If the Home Show or Flower Show is going on--STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  Merchants will put their prices up during this time.  
There's free wifi too so you can chill out with some food and have great people watching for a couple hours.Fun foodie palace! Like a flea market of quality food.Fun place to visit!  Provides a wide variety of food choices and other interesting things to buy.This place makes having no real major grocery store in Center City bearable.  I came here expecting to be able to find all the great fresh meats, seafood, produce, etc. that I was missing and had resigned myself to the idea that I'd just have to suck it up and pay a pretty steep price to get it, but RTM has blown my mind!
Frequented both by tourists and locals alike, this place has everything! I'd say the majority of the shops are food stalls designed for you to order something and eat there (sandwiches, bakeries, etc.) but there's also quite a number of seafood, meat, poultry, and produce places.  Overall, I found the prices of the seafood to be comparable to my local grocery store (but sooo much fresher looking), and the prices of the meat/poultry to be about on par with grocery store prices, if not just a tad more expensive.  If you look closely, you can even find some deals (like ground lamb for $4.95/lb?! I usually pay $7.99-$8.99!)
Come early, avoid weekends if possible, and try to avoid being in the background shots of as many tourists' photos as possible :)Should be made a National Landmark. This is what a big city can afford that smaller ones just can't.Best of the best!!!! Love you, RTM!!!! Top 1st Philadelphian snack and food spot. It's like a food 'hole' for me... if you are here, please check it outThis place is a foodie's heaven. I just wish they were open later into the night.On my gosh 2 weeks  ago we ate breakfast at the Amish Dutch spot !! My blue berry pancakes look like a flat jack and my scraple wow a thick slice everything was delicious!! I will be back because we love to eat !!Definitely one of my favorite markets. So many shops compacted in block and there's anything from sandwiches to sushi to sweets to meats to seafood. It's pretty much endless and they also have fresh produce. You can get almost everything here. It's fresh and the foods are cooked on the spot. Lots of locals come here and tourists also, you would be missing out if you didn't stop by here when visiting Philly.
They have seating areas around the market so you'll have to scout around for that. Some of my personal favorites would be - DiNic's (delicious roast pork sandwich, get it with provolone and broccoli rab), Beck's Cajun Cafe (amazing gator gumbo, full of spice and chunks of gator sausage), Kamal's Middle Eastern Specialties (stop by for a refreshing Lemon Na-na, aka mint lemonade with rose water and also the baklava - so good!).
A little note - if you can help it, don't come on a Sunday because a lot of shops are closed. Best day would be Saturday!Really cool place to grab some food.  Tons of great choices.  If you are at a convention across the street grab lunch here for sure!  Neat place to walk around and can no doubt find any type of fare you are feeling like.Amazing atmosphere. An absolute feast for the senses. So hard to pick where to eat as everything looks and smells delicious. A must stop when in Philadelphia. We went for early lunch at Dinics and bought some cookies that were amazing and ended up returning for dinner before returning to New York! Amazing!!
So many different stalls, so much to see, try, eat and admire! Yummy all roundlove love love this place! Diverse selection of places to eat at, and they always have fresh seafood produce, meats. the Dutch section of restaruants is great as well. The Dutch eating place rocks! Go there for breakfast and get their pancakes, they are huge and the size of the plate!Very interesting to visit a whole block of stalls with cuisines from all over the world. I enjoyed the bakeries, ice cream and coffee the most..