love love love this place best wings ever !!!!!! love the honey hot and garlic  parm wing and they have the best long island slushiesGreat place to go if you are craving wings. They have 20 cent wings on wednesdays and I believe thursdays. There is also a day for all you can eat wings. They,have plenty of flavors to choose from. I highly recommend honey hot and cajun. Their happy hour specials are a great addition to the wings as well. Their wings are quite small, but for 20 cents you will get your fair share in compared to other places.This place is under the radar. Good sports bar atmosphere. Pretty spacious. I've yet to watch a game here, but the drinks are potent and food is good. Especially the wings.Good atmosphere. Went on a Friday night around 11pm and quickly found seating. Nice crowd but not "too crowded". The fried calamari was AWESOME. Well seasoned. Slushy alcoholic beverages in a variety of flavors and live DJ.My friends and I were going every Wednesday night for over a month until last week when we were shocked to find a poster sized sign displayed informing us that the wing special (25 cent) now ends at 8pm. The special is from 11:30-8! Who are they trying to serve? Our usual meeting time was 7:30 to 8 pm... It seems like every week there was a new rule. When we first started going the long island slushies were $6 then the following week they were $8.. At any rate the wings are good. My fave are the garlic,lemon,butter.. my friends preferred the garlic parm. We are now looking for another place with good wings, good prices and no time constrictions.I love their wings here...esp the honey hot and the lemon butter garlic. Mmmm, just thinking about it makes my mouth drool. Their cheese fries are also really good. If you want cheap wings, they have a special on Wed nights where all wings are reduced. Prices have gone up through the years, but they are still really cheap. 
Only thing bad about it here is the wait for the wings. Expect to wait a really long time for them to come out esp when the place is packed. Sometimes I wish I went on a regular night instead of Wednesdays and pay full price bc of the ridiculous wait time, but if you go with great friends, the wait is worth it. :-)Wings are finger licking good. I recommend honey hot and garlic parm. The house made slushes will get you tore up so be careful !REALES ROCKS. I go almost every Sunday, when it's open mic night.  A lot of the same people play and sing and there is more talent in the Northeast then one would think.  The bartenders are cool, especially Gary who is always so friendly and quick to get you a beer.  The crowd is awesome on Sundays, great vibes, good people.  Norm, who is in charge of open mic night, is a laid-back guy who always encourages muscians and artists to sign up.  Also, two dollar draft beers is a great deal.  All in all, Sunday nights at Reales is always a fun rock and roll good time.well almost 2 years later and we're still going to Reale's on Wednesdays. The wing special is back to the original which was all day long with no cut off.  The staff knows me and my friends and are always friendly and accomodating.  First order of business is ALWAYS the long island iced tea slushy...absolutely refreshing all year long.  I typically eat a plant based diet but make an exception on Wednesdays to satisfy my craving of lemon, garlic butter wings and sometimes garlic parm.  Occasionally I will order mussels in white sauce but I haven't gained enouch discipline to tell them to hold the bread!! This place is a hit with the food and drink prices if you're looking for something local.  After 6 pm metered parking is free.I give this place 5 stars. This was my first time there and everything was on point! The food was outstanding and the drinks were phenomenal. I went there at the recommendation of a friend, and I'm so happy that she did. I will definitely go back there, even if it's by myself. 
Not many's places that I have gone to, I can actually say that ALL of my food and drinks were on point. From the wings, to the fries, the onion rings and the drinks!Came here for happy hour on a hum bug & now it's one of my fav HH spots. I had no intentions on staying long nor even drinking  but baybeee that turned into 4.5 hours of fun & dranks! I started off good with only a shrimp salad and water. After someone at the bar mentioned their birthdate and it happened to be the same as mine, it was on from there. Then to feed the drinks I shared a bowl of mussels which were very well seasoned. The fried calamari wasn't to my liking, I prefer more breading but my friend liked them. The crab legs are very good, they were seasoned perfectly. They also have AYCE crabs on Thursdays that I'm looking forward to. The drinks are def on point and I liked the after work crowd better than the turn up crowd.I love Reale's.  Always a good time, and it is spacious in there unlike most Mayfair bars.  Drinks are reasonable, food is good & the DJ is usually good as well.
They have a separate room for private parties that is spacious & nice.  Oh, and the bouncers are dressed like referees.  I find that to be adorable.This place is your typical run of the mill neighborhood bar. I've managed to run into a former babysitter and a teacher all in the same night. This will tell you how diverse this crowd can be. They have 25 cent wing night on Mondays and the sauce selections are pretty good. The wings are a little on the small side but are cooked well. The beer is nothing fancy but it does the trick. I prefer different beer selections than Reales offers but this isn't a bad hang out at all.Wings are terrible. Go to redZ for wings. The waitress would not even let me take my terrible wings to go for my dog without paying a 3$ fee. Like reallyPretty fun, laid back atmosphere for casual dining and drinks. The prices on most things are reasonable, particularly the food, but there are some funny, almost bizarre exceptions to this. The crab legs are awesome, and pretty reasonably priced, on any night. I know they are all you can eat on Thursdays (and hence I have on two occasions come on a Friday when they were actually out of crab legs, due to their popularity the night before. I almost always get the crab legs. They also have great french onion soup, a couple of nice, not boring/standard issue larger, possibly meal-sized salad options. The weekly specials come with a glass of wine and a dessert, and the desserts are often creative and cool (mexican style churros with vanilla ice cream, once a few months ago.) The waitresses are nice, friendly, and very hard-working. I see a couple of reviews here where people comment about wait times for things, but I would not fault the waitresses for this. It just gets very busy sometimes, and they maybe could use one more server on staff at these times, especially Friday nights. 
The music can be very good, but I have also noticed that the sound system is set a bit high, even if you like loud rock, and this does make conversation hard sometimes. 
The strange surprises regarding prices and charging include that they charge something like 50 cents or a dollar extra (I think 50 cents) for drawn butter, when you order the crab legs. Your waitress will ask you if you want drawn butter, but are at least kind enough to tell you that it is a charge. But this is obviously rather cheesy on the part of the establishment. How expensive is a little drawn butter? And if it's really an issue, add the 50 cents or whatever to the price of the crab legs -- it is a lot less weird and annoying. We have also at least once been charged for a take-out container for our leftovers. I think that was a quarter or 50 cents. Also just plain icky to hear, in a you have to be kidding me kind of way. 
Finally, about their automatically charged gratuity - yes, it feels a bit insulting, like I'm not going to tip at least 15% anyway ... but on the flip side too many people must not be tipping reasonably, or it wouldn't be a policy. I blame other customers for this. I saw a couple of reviews here about people complaining about gratuity on Wing Night. It's food - it's served - if you aren't going to give a decent tip, don't go to a restaurant or bar. It's a crappy thing to do, and very low class. If you can't afford the tip, then you can't afford to eat in a restaurant. I usually throw on a few extra dollars over the 15% automatic and take it up to $20, bc these waitresses at Reale's seem to work very hard, and they are very nice.Not a bad joint for a beer, a bar pie and some MegaTouch with your boyfriend (get your brain out of the gutter!) Bartenders are all very nice, if anything they get a tad too caught up talking to each other and don't see their patrons trying to get refills or to close their tab. But you're there to relax anyway so just roll with it. Some pretty good drink specials and surprisingly tasty chicken soup! As far as the comments on the diversity of the clientele I've seen all types in here, blacks, whites, young, old, tattooed-up crust punks such as myself. Everyone always seems to be enjoying themselves so maybe the dynamic has changed. I'll keep coming back.I came in 9.6.2017 the restaurant probably had 6 guests. I was looking forward to getting the wings honey hot to be exact. I sat at a table. I ordered my food and after 25 minutes of waiting I stood up and looked towards the bar and saw my server just bussing it up with guests at the bar. It's wing Wednesday those wings should be coming out 10 minutes or less. I'm a manager at a 4star establishment and I tip over 20% easily but this was ridiculous. To make matters worse you guys at Reales Auto-Grat 18% on every bill with horrible service, that in itself should be illegal. This isn't the first time I had bad service here this was just the last straw. Wings were good though I'll never take that away from Reales.The wings was bangin, I mean really good.  Try the lemon garlic butter ones.  Beers were cheap too.  Try this place out if you're craving wings, better than Curran'sthis place has great deals. 0.20 wings on tuesdays (or wednesday i think) and all u can eat crab legs on thursdays. the wings are low quality but for 20 cents and almost 10 flavors to choose from, who cares lol.One of my favorite places to go. The staff is always friendly, the prices are reasonable (gratuity already included) and the location is perfect.  The food is always consistently good. The green slushy is my number one go to. They have a lot of tv's to watch for sports, so you will never have a bad view.I don't know what some of thees people were talking about with the coment of the lack of  Afro American clientele. we were there Wed night and the bar was OVER 60% Afro American. Finally a bar that caters to Afro American's, its nice to see in the northeast. now I know where to go or NOT go when I wanna hang out w/buds for a few drinksAlways Amazing service from my favorite waitress (Dottie). Wing nights are always packed. But it's worth it. The garlic parmesan wings and dry rubbed Cajun wings are so delicious!!!!!!! Love coming and hanging out, drinking a few, watching the games on their big tv's and chowing on the mouth watering wings!!! I take my kids but make sure I'm out of there before the bands start playing before it gets rowdy since it is a bar. The only thing I don't like is the 15% gratuity they automatically add onto the bill on the 25 cent wing night. I understand why they do it, but I don't agree with it.Lemon pepper wings, the frozen slushies & all you can eat crabs!!! Im hooked , looking forward to going back ASAP. Everything was delicious!I wish these bars stop using the illusion shot glasses. I feel cheated when I get a undersized shot. Please stop using them. I didn't know they charge gratuity on wing night. That's crazy. But other than that it's a nice place.Worst service Ever!! I went on Sunday, 9/29- invited by co-worker who was performing there @ 6p. I arrived early at 5:15 to order something to eat . Walked in; absolutely NO acknowledgment I was even there. I sat myself at a table; 15 minutes later still no service- no menu, no drink order, NOTHING!! Annoyed, I made my way to an employee and made her aware of my arrival and lack of service considering this was my first (and last) visit in this "dive" establishment. She blandly stated "We didn't see you". Place wasn't even crowded. Their loss as I am a GREAT tipper. I ordered a drink as I still had 40 minutes till 6pm. STILL NO OFFER OF A MENU WAS MADE! I decided to go hungry till her performance was over. Unfortunately, she & performance started late. I was so hungry and pissed at the total lack of service, I got up and left at 6:10. Never again will I cross the threshold of this poor excuse of a sports bar. I have frequented  many sports bars ( Millers Ale House a favorite); this "dive" has a long journey to even compete due to a total disregard of customer service . Worst service I have ever received in my 60 years on earth!!The people who work here are amazing!!! And the food, just as amazing! I've been coming here for a long time and have never been disappointed. I highly recommend coming here and trying their food! Best wings over ever had! All around Grade A service!Delicious wings we had lemon butter garlic and garlic parmesan and they were amazing. The service was great relaxing atmosphere and the food is worth the stop by. One more thing you must get is the long island slushie I never had it before but its delicious and sneaks up on you real quick so beware but if you're looking for a cool neighborhood spot to chill with friends and eat good bar food you have to come herePlace sucks owners suck food is way over rated and over priced!!! Beer usually warm, once got a bottle loaded with grease on one side. Coolers must need cleaning.I always enjoyed this place. I never had a bad time. The enviroment was pretty good. This place attracted a good amount of the opposite sex which kept me & my friends always coming back for more. Lol !! We had good nights & bad. But for the most-part,good. The wings are pretty good & I love the "Tall-Boy" beer glass they give you. Does Gary still own the place by the way ? I didn't see him the last couple of times I was in there.This is a mediocre neighborhood bar. There is a mixed crowd which I like. The food is usually good depending on what you get. Tonight we had Pizza, mussels in white sauce which was pretty good and a good amount for only $6 and wings. For me their drink selection leaves something to be desired but they do have some frozen mixed drinks which are pretty good.Yeesh.
The last time I set foot in this place there was deafening KC and the Sunshine band coupled with black and white checkered decore that was lit by a strobe.  Throw in a few spooky-toothed creeps on the dance floor and you'll swear you are in the final room of a Halloween attraction.  Clientele are mostly extras from the Walking Dead.  Seeing a 300lb land whale give a pilled-out street urchin a lap dance in the middle of the bar and that was all she wrote for me.
I can say they have decent wings and good bartenders.  I also heard the open mic is promising. Just don't go on a Fri/Sat night w/o a blowtorch.Sorry wasn't what I expected to be food was ok and the place is ok the waitress was very nice and the place is ok but they really need help with the foodMy evening at this local sports bar started out with not being able to find it because it's not well lit/advertised.
Upon walking in on a chilly night outside the air condition was turned to artic thus making it very uncomfortable. Looks like your local just get drunk bar, nothing special about this place, actually looks run down and could use an episode of bar rescue in my opinion.
Upon sitting, the bartender was so into her convo with another patron that she didn't even notice me for about 5min. My drink was watered down but I must say the wings were great! Service thru the night sucked, she paid no attention to me, my empty cup, nothing.
This is not somewhere I would take a date for a few drinks, this is more of a quick stop kind of place.Wow !  Having looked at the 4 and 5 star ratings, I had to check this place out.
Arrived ~ 5:30, Friday for a nice quiet, leisurely dinner.  Did we ever go to the wrong place. The bar area was packed, that's a good sign. Tables/food area, not so much. That's fine.  The problem was the music was playing at an ungodly, deafening sound.  Realized then that everyone at the bar was screaming at the top of their lungs to be heard by the person next to them.  We turned around and left.
If you're looking for a quiet, relaxing place for an enjoyable dinner, this is not the place.  If you're looking to have your eardrums pierced, go right in.what a shame--- this place is a pit. inside and out.
obviously these owners wanna suck out every dime and not put anything into the place. what an EYE SORE  on the avenue. it looks like it belongs under the el at margaret and orthodox.  wouldnt recommend this place to anyoneMy favorite wings of all time! The garlic parm are my favorite. Decently priced food and drinks. I love this bar.Well let me see where can I start this place has the best wings  and drinks hands down.
But nothing tops there customer service it's the best thing to me they are A1 when it comes to that.First off I'm very disappointed please check your checks because they charged me 18% gratuity on a Sunday night. And I only purchased a sandwich with two drinks and fries. Very disappointing. Would not recommend.I've been coming to Reale's for years. Service always friendly & food is amazing! Their frozen drinks are amazingly strong, so watch out!Get the frozen Long Island if your into drinks. It's good. I went for all you can eat crab night. They offer crab legs for 29.95 i believe. I went with a friend because i don't eat crab legs i prefer blue claw crabs. Anyway they also have a deal on wings too i can't remember that deal but i do know that it was good. A good thing to know is if your going for all you can eat get there before 920p because that's the last call. This place shows the games as well and always has a nice crowdThis is my favorite bar. I play shuffleboard here and the whole staff has become like family. The Long Island slushies and wings are the best. They have great specials, all you can eat wing and crab days. Food is always fresh and great. Expect to wait a little on special days because the place will be packed because of the great food. Nice dance floor with dj and band nights. The only down side that they don't tell you about is the added gratuity but the tipping was so bad that they had to do something. The staff is great so they def deserve the tips. There is also many Tvs and a dart board. Love this bar!Only been there in wing night. Wings were solid and of course I had to get the Long Island slushy. Both were good. Haven't returned again but I definitely will go back one dayService was slow! Waitress seem to be high off of something, crabs were cold, and the manager is a poor excuse of a manager. I'm not tipping any one if the service is bad. After explaining to the manager about our experience and the fact that we were not tipping he told us as we were walking out to not come back. I never knew of this place before and I wont miss it either! I will never spend any of my hard working money in a place like that! Horrible service PERIOD!!!Love going to Reales!  Food always fresh and a variety of music.  Love the wings and crabs!  Cannot wait for brunch special!Seriously check out the Monster Wings at Reales!!!  Love the honey hots and mild...today it was mild monster wings, so meaty & white bar pizza.  ICED TEA SLUSHY MAKES IT ALL GO DOWN SMOOTHLY!!  from phone order to pickup 20 mins. Hey Monster wings!They need a health inspection, whoever is handling the chicken should not be putting his feet near it. Also yelp is removing reviews about this imagewtf u guys see the picture of the foot on top of the chicken and u still eat here? i had one bite of the chicken (which was so so) and then vomited when my friend showed me the picture of the foot chicken. avoid this disgusting place at all costs. people like that need to be put out if business!!Go here if you like foot and chemicals in your wings! This picture alone would be enough for the restaurant to be closed.Love the wings here. I discovered garlic parmesan wings from this place. On Saturday, they have a half off wing special from noon-6. $2 22oz Yuengling drafts. Mixed crowds. They also have $6 Long Island slushies that will get together exactly where you need to be!! Drunk! Lol. Thursdays can be a little crowded because of their $20 all you can eat crab leg special. Get there early for a table. Table service can be a bit slow though because of the crowds. I tend to stay at the bar. Great place.Came here after working 13 hours at my own joint. Was unwinding, three beers in talking to a server who also finished a shift. Then I noticed the bartender was missing. The off duty server told me he was out in the street fighting with some people. She ducked under the bar and poured me a beer. Then the bartender came in, jumping around, obviously hopped up on adrenaline from the fight. He looked at me and then asked if I wanted another beer. I said sure and he asked me for my I.D. I went for my license and commented that he should really ask for peoples I.D's BEFORE he starts serving them alcohol. He took my glass and promptly told me to "GET THE FUCK OUT!" I asked to speak to the manager. He said he was the "fucking" manager and that I'm banned, which is convenient because I never planned on returning. Reale's is a dump and a place for trash people.This is my first time here and I thought it was a pretty good experience. The place is just a neighborhood local bar that has live music.  They have good drinking foods that will fill you up and make you feel good. The music tonight was really good. The band of 7 people called "Aces". They play a lot of R&B music mixed in with little pop.  Was a full house the 5th of July.  
However check the bill cause they add everything up.  Even extra dressings and the 18% gratuity. Nothing he is free. 
But for a fun evening of music.  If the Aces are here.  You will enjoy the music and food.Gross definitely gonna get food poisoning eating here. Would give 0 stars if I could.Delish delish wings here...best is honey hott and cajun. Minus one star is the service (i'm being really generous). Soooo slowww, especially if you come here on a game night. Servers tends to forget to come back to your table for refills.
4 stars are for the wings only. That's it. Service is 1 star.My go to place! Amazing food and the best staff. I play shuffle board there on Thursday nights. Always great entertainment always a great time!This used to be my go to spot on a weekly basis with friends and family. We would look forward to coming here for drinks and cheap wings. Oh, they also have shuffle board and tons of TVs if you are a big sports fan! But things have really changed. Wings used to be $.05 for a decent size (on the specials night), and when prices started increasing, the size started decreasing. The flavors for the wings are really good though. They have tons of variety (honey hot, lemon garlic, garlic parm, cajun, etc etc etc). My favorite seasonings are garlic parm, cajun, and honet hot (honey hot is a sauce, not a dry rub).
So why the 2 stars? Because service is extremely slow! Even on a very dead night, you could wait forever for the wings to come out. Another reason, the way they cook the wings are hit or miss. Sometimes you get the nice juicy wing that's the perfect size. Other times, you get a wing that is as small as a child's pinky. It's also waaaaay overcooked that you feel like you might break a tooth. Seasoning is still good, but not if you can't eat the wing itself. There has also been times when the soda would come out extremely flat and the server would say "that's how it always is." Really?!
Overall: I sometimes still come back, but not as often as I used to. With so many more spots opening in Philly, you can get decent consistency elsewhere.This place's "Wing Specials" are really something special!!  If you're tired of the same old buffalo wings and the countless variations offered by your run of the mill establishments, look no further than Reale's for that authentic Frankford Ave flavor!$.20 wings and $7 pitchers during Eagles games. The wings had like 10 flavors (Garlic parm were yummy, bbq, lemon butter and garlice, oriental, hot, mild etc...). Gets a good crowd. I'm missing the wings already since San Fran doesn't have places like this. I recommend going!Wanted to go out for a quick bit to eat. Something good but also inexpensive and I remembered one of my family members mentioning this place. So I headed to Reale's and I must say I will be back again!! The music was good, they had music for everyone's taste. Old and new school ... my server was "ok" not bad, not good. Just ok, lol. She didn't give any attitude and she got the order right. The food was pretty good for what you want. It's not a 5star restaurant with 5 star prices. So it was good for something quick... The slushie I had was a mix of cherry and watermelon and it was soooo good. Sometimes when I go out it's hard for me to choose a drink because I don't really care for the taste of alcohol. But when I find a drink that taste delicious and you can't even taste the alcohol but you can feel it hitting you lmaoo. I have found a winner.. I ordered several things and each one was delicious. Thanks reales for a nice inexpensive dinner. I will be backMet up with a couple of friends and had a few drinks and some food. The wings were good, the drinks were good...but it was cold as ever in there!!! That made it hard to relax and eat  We ate in our coats until the drinks started kicking in, lol. By then it was almost time for us to leave. Definitely not a bad place to chill at. It was just cold in there that night.Reales ...great place to eat great wings..great place to watch all Philadelphia sports game...and great people that work there..all atound great place to be at..very clean environmentWent here for wing night after seeing a ton of reviews. It wasn't really crowded but it was a decent amount of people there. 
We sat down and it took forever for someone to come over, clean off the tables and take our order. When it came down the menu it was a decent selection but I came here for only one thing. Da Wings. Garlic Parm wings were slammmmming and I topped it off with a frozen Long Island Ice Tea. The price for the drink was a little pricey but it was good experience for it being wing night. Would 100% recommend and go again.Good food specials but crappy service. Been going here for years and the food is always good but the service brings the place down, no matter if it's the bar or a table....even the live music sucks.  
They add 18% tip to the check....pretty crappy thing to do when the service is bad. 
Better bars in the area.My go-to neighborhood bar. Me and my group of friends have been coming to Reales for the past 9 years. Servers are friendly and I love the bartenders. I have brought many friends here and they always had a good experience. Their wings are awesome and they have many flavors to choose from! They have a good DJ and live music, all depends on what your into. Overall, it's a good time with good people whenever I've been there