The service here has been going down the drain. Its progressivly gotten worse. 
I've had good times and bad times but the bad is starting to out weight the good. Service is taking longer and longer at this location each time. During one visit I waited an hour for my food. It was then brought to me looking dry as if it were sitting out for the full our. The manager came over and apologized and paid the bill. 
After the incident I gave it one last shot. Service is still slow and the food still looks like it has been sitting out. I'd rather drive further to the King of Prussia location where service is much better.went with a friend who wanted to do the endless shrimp...
they have pretty decent wild rice.. and those damn cheddar bay biscuits are BOMB.. 
but I mean it's a chain... and a seafood chain at that.. I'd eat those biscuits any day thoughMost time I don't care for this place but I have to say the service was out of this world! Our waitress was on time and happy to do her job. I had to leave her a $20 tip! If your thinking of going here for lunch ask for waitress Patt,  you will really enjoy your meal.On March 23 at around 10pm I was dining at the Red Lobster. While eating dinner myself and others noticed a roach crawling across the center of our table. We immediately notified the manager and she came to remove the roach and allowed us to leave without having to pay. GROSSSSSS shut it down!Aside from the location, and long wait, I can honestly say that I have never been dissapointed here.  The wait-staff is always friendly and the food is consistently good.gotta be honest here, went here with momma dukes for lunch. and pleasantly suprised. the service was a little forced but nonetheless appreciated. and the food seemed hot n fresh. probably could find about dozen better seafood restaraunts. but it was an ok lunch.  cheddar biscuits are always good!Great food, good service, wonderful management. The restaurant is very nice. The clientele, however, that frequent this restaurant are horrendous.  Customers feel like they can curse and behave badly in front of the entire room and they all seem to want something for free.  They complain loudly about the slightest thing hoping they get a free meal from the management staff.  
I really like Red Lobster restaurants, but the General Manager of this particular one needs to step up and start turning around the idea that they are a soup kitchen for every tactless, thoughtless, and greedy scam artist trying to get a freebie.
It's a shame, because if we lose this Red Lobster, it's a long ride to Langhorne.Took my girl there for the first time the other night...She had never been there, me for years I've been going there!!  Service was friendly and prompt , as always!   She loved the food and we had a great experience!!!  Highly recommendExcellent food and service. Good ambiance. I love to take my wife here for special occasions, anniversary, birthday or when I just want to take her out for an excellent meal.I really like red lobster but this one is so ghetto. I know a former server and he thought it was ghetto!Crabfest was here again and after missing it for the 3rd year in a row, my husband and I took his father there last week. It was a horrible mistake. 
We sat at the bar and the entire piece of wood on the bottom of the bar fell on my husband's leg. (that should have been the first red flag) We told the bartender and he said, "Oh yeah, I know." After we get our seats we order and the only thing I can't complain about was how fast our food arrived to our table.
About the food: The crab cakes were so dry it was like eating hay. I ordered some king crabs with my meal and when she sat the saucer (yes, I said saucer not plate) in front of me, I thought she was joking. There were two VERY TINY king crab legs. The meat was overly rubbery and taste horrible. My husband said his meal was bad too. 
I'd refrain from reading the next part if you have a weak stomach: 
I excused myself to go the bathroom and all I did was cough a little bit and my entire dinner came back up. It was so embarrassing that all I wanted to do was crawl into a hole. 
I will NEVER go back to this place. The quality of food has dropped below sea level. (no pun intended....okay...pun intended....) This used to be top of the line when it came to seafood and now it's just crap. 
I recommend going to Chicky and Petes if you want good seafood. 
sincerely: Dissatisfied in PhillyWhen I decided to spend my Saturday night at a Red Lobster, the last thing I expected was to be disappointed.  This is the tragic tale of the time me and a couple of bros decided to get "classy" seafood.  It all began when we arrived.  We sat there waiting for our table like a child in a concentration camp waits for liberation or death.  When we got there, we were overly eager to get our food.  We had brought a coupon with us for free desserts or appetizers up to $12.99.  The menu tricked to with their crooked combo deals forcing us to get one appetizer.  I was more violated than when I went to bible camp 2005.  We got our muscles, which were undercooked.  When we opened one of them, we discovered a dark secret this maniacal franchise had been hiding for decades.  There was cocaine in it!  Red Lobster was actually connected to the Colombian drug cartel.  I was shocked.  But not as shocked when we discovered this.  To eat the endless shrimp, we had to pay PER PERSON!  We told our waiter that only one of us would eat.  So two of us starved.  When they brought out our first plate, it was out faster than France was out of WWII.  We were thrilled.  But, we were forced to practice communism while eating so we all didn't die.  When we ordered our second plate, it took four generations for it to reach our table. Our third was even longer.  They ripped us off.  It was vile.  However, they continuously brought us plates of bread in order to poison us.  But we were smarter than that.  We took all of the bread with us as a statement against their evil corporate America ways.  Looking out over the Roosevelt boulevard was not the ocean view we were promised.  But we made it home with their literal bread and butter, but also with crushed dreams and aspirations.  But worst of all, they didn't allow us to use our coupon.  They wrote last minute fine print in there for us to not be able to use it.  They are sneakier than Hilary Clinton.  Thank you Red Lobster, you have ruined my life forever.This place is disgustingly horrible . Smelt like a poopy diaper. When I told them they just laughed...Tried to sit at the bar and it was full of flying bugs.. I can just imagine how the kitchen looks... If you value your health and life don't eat there..Stay away, you've been warned! This place is horrible! We asked if they could accommodate a party of 13 they told us it was no problem we would just have to wait and hour. We didn't mind because we thought we'd all sit together, our first mistake there. They sat us at a rectangle table and a round table. We couldn't even talk to each other. They provided us with two servers, which we thought that was great, oh well were wrong. In the middle of taking one of the tables order the girl tells me she'll be right back and went to take someone's check and run their credit card, which is very rude. Three asked for waters with lemon and got just water about 20 minutes later. 
My food was the second to last to come and I had the seaside trio. My food came about 5-7 minutes after everyone else. My shrimp alfredo looked like soup. One table asked for crackers for the crab legs and never got it. Someone who order just a soup got his last; 15 minutes after everyone. The girl server was quick to get the check to and from my father though. She wanted to see how much of a tip she got but provided the worst service ever. They were quick to bus our table and get us out, which we didn't mind. My food was horrible I had to get something else to eat.Took my mom for her birthday here. Wednesday afternoon so no crowd. Mimi the waitress was very friendly and great energy. Food arrived at our table fast and on point even with our big order. Most of the food was great. Only thing I'll say is the salmon could be a bit more seasoned. Overall it was a good experience and they sang happy bday to my mom to both our surprise. I recommend coming here again.We ordered the grilled shrimp and grilled lobster. They both come with side order( broccoli and rice) the entree was good, but the broccoli and the rice just too salty. I need kept drinking water in order to take next biteCame here for lunch with my grandmom. First off Valerie K is awesome. Management is lucky to have her as a server. 
The shrimp scampy was a decent size for lunch. My shrimp ceaser salad has the right amount of dressing and cheese + tasted totally fresh. However the soup, clam chowder was totally lacking substance. The broth flavor was fine. But that's what it felt I was eating...well in this case drinking. The crackers I added on brought a little life to the soup.This had to be the worst experience I've ever had here. We waited patiently an hour after being told 40mins. Our waitress was very inattentive. We were waiting for about 10 mins before she even came to the table. We order our lobster artichoke dip and water and she was gone for another 15 mins. We finally ordered our entree and waited about 15 mins for salads to come to the table (which was all stems). After that our food runner came to ask if we were doing fine and if we needed any refills , (I thought that's what our waitress was supposed to do) we kindly asked for more biscuits. After 35 mins we finally get our 2 ultimate feast.(well at least that's what our orders were) we didn't have any lobster tails, one of the snow crab clusters were short half of the legs, the broccoli was disgustingly mushy, one of the Alfredo was so dry the noodles were literally stuck together, we never received those biscuits, and to top it all of, in the mist of all of this time no one felt the need to remove all the plates from our apps and salad. We were disgusted and highly disappointed.The food is ok. But the service sucks. Our server never smiled when taking order. Never stopped by and asked us about the food. He seemed so impatient with us alway trying to rush us through the dinner. We had done our first course and stacked all the plates up and he just disappeared for at least 20 mins. No share plates ever served. Never come back again.Red Lobster is Red Lobster - being that it's a chain restaurant, the food quality from location to location doesn't change much.
Expect the usual tasty treats - coconut shrimp and calamari make amazing appetizers.
However, the service was abhorrent.  The servers made it apparent that refilling our water was a huge inconvenience, and we were promptly shuffled out as soon as we finished our food.
If you're a Red Lobster fan, the food is on par with other locations, but don't expect good, or even decent service.well you are asked garden salad or caeser and you get it already made dressing and all. well I got my salad and it looked like someone sent it back then they sent it back out to me 
then you have the waiters and the waitresses they have their own like hang out spot in the back just crazy if you ask meHad a wonderful  experience  at Red Lobster,there was NO line we were seated quickly.  We had a pleasant  server named Aquila, She looked us in the eyes,she was very prompt  in getting  our order, she checked on us frequently. I  had the combination meal shrimp,lobster and salmon it was pretty good they just cooked the salmon a little  to long. I'm not a complainer and didn't  feel the need to say anything. Overall  great meal and serverJust gross from the minute you walk in. Menus greasy and  one was chewed up like someone tried to eat it, the tables were dirty.  The smell is aweful, we were sat next to a small loud  industrial fan blowing in the kitchen.  Appetite was gone, left before the server came.This is probably my BEST experience at Red Lobster. Me and my family were greeted by our waitress Shana with a big smile and BISCUITS promptly. She quickly took our drinks, she even remember to get our baby a drink too(that's a PLUS, usually server tends to forget offering my daughter juice). We don't normally order appetizers, but today we've decided to order the lobster pizza cause of Shana's suggestion. Baskets after baskets of biscuits were brought to our table before our meal even came. Yum..........
Hubby order the shrimp trio, I got the combination of 4 flavored shrimps, in addition to our meals, I added seafood harbor bake. Hubby loves the shrimp trio. Our princess enjoy her Mac and cheese and everything we had on the table. I absolutely LOVE my 4 flavor shrimp: spicy fire red shrimps, garlic shrimp scampi, garlic shrimp skewer, and brown sugar shrimp skewer. We also enjoy the seafood harbor bake. Since we were stuffed with biscuits and appetizers before our meal, we end up doggie bagged half of our meal home lol. Excellent food and great service will definitely lure us back, thinking about returning next week........I took my mother there yesterday evening for dinner,  our experience was great. The waitress was so polite,  she was there making sure everything was ok. What ever we asked for,  she bought it out right away. The food was great as usual.  She offered us more biscuits and carry out containers. She was well worth tipping.  We were at the Red lobsters on the Roosevelt Boulevard. Everything was great.  
My table was 62 and my waiter was Shannon W.I was apart of a party of 5 tonight (Saturday) and as expected there was long wait, we were told 30-40 mins but it ended up being an hour. That was ok I suppose. We get seated and it takes 10mins for our waiter to arrive, we get our first round of drinks in decent time and place our order for appetizers. They come and they tasted HORRIBLE! The lobster pizza was dry, the "new calamari" didn't even taste like calamari,  the seafood stuffed mushrooms were primarily stuffed with cheese very little seafood and the crab fries were just no smh. My fiance ordered an add on of crab legs to her entree and they came out well before the entree. We asked for refills and it took 10-15 mins to get them. Our salads came out well after our appetizers. In fact over an hr had passed since ordering and we still didn't receive the entrees. We were told that the kitchen was backed up and they were understaffed. Perhaps they should have fewer hostesses at the front just standing there and more servers and chefs on a Saturday night.I barely write reviews but I just had to for this place. Not only was the food amazing but our server was extra sweet and made sure everything was perfect. We had the shrimp nachos which were cheesy and delicious (and they don't skimp out on the shrimp either) and the shrimp linguine which may be the best pasta I've had in awhile. Theres something about good service that makes the food taste so much better. Will definitely be back soon!My to go experience was pretty rough. I ordered ahead to pick up my food which was a single order around 6:30. They told me it would take about 30 min which was perfect. I got there around 7:15pm and my food wasn't ready yet. I stood and waited for about another 45 min before I left with my food. By the time I got my food it was lukewarm and my biscuits were cold. I could warm up my food but I wanted fresh biscuits which the manager gladly gave to me. There was another gentleman waiting as well who called ahead and was expecting an additional wait of 30 min for his meal as well. Overall I understand that I ordered during the dinner rush but it's pretty clear they are understaffed, therefore service was painstakingly slow. I probably will go to the cherry hill location next time which is what the gentleman who was waiting with me suggested as he said the service is much faster during the dinner rush.No matter what happens, we all can always depend on their warm and delicious cheddar baked biscuits. I'm surprised a lot of yelpers said the service in here wasn't good. I guess my family and I got lucky with a great waittress. She brought everything out while it was still hot and the food was good. From time to time, our waittress came to check on us to see how we were doing. I wish I can remember who our waittress was so you might have the same experience as we did. Overall, we had a great time.Food was regular not wowing very expensive for subpar seafood. Everything looks good but as I always say looks are very deceiving. The waitress was very nice.Wow, I'm glad I didn't go on the days the other reviewers went... that said:
http://www.redlobster.com/default.asp
Red Lobster is gonna pretty much be the same Red Lobster anywhere you go - the night I went to this one a couple months ago was a good one (which I'm thankful for because I needed a good atmosphere as I was having the ex sign the divorce papers that night.)
The food was tasty as to which I'm accustomed - of course I have narrowed my selection at Red Lobster (wherever it may be) down to one entree - Crab Linguini Alfredo - love it. There's never a doubt it will be good, and who doesn't love the cheddar bay biscuits? Throw in a li'l garden salad w/bleu cheese and I'm good to go.
The service I had here this night was excellent. The waitress (hey, why is it okay to say "waitress" but not okay to say "stewardess"... or is it... I'm getting sidetracked...) was very attentive, but not overly so, very polite, and on top of everything. She earned a nice tip from me that night. And the ex mentioned quite a few times how pretty she was... (hey, was she trying to tell me something there...) Anyway, while I agree the girl was attractive, I acted as if I didn't really notice... this is what I do...
We enjoyed our meals, had great service, I got the papers signed, that's at the least a 4 star night, no? I'd definitely go back if I was in Philly, in a Crab Linguini Alfredo mood, and wanted to reminisce on divorce papers... oh wait... no, I'd still go back.Waited a hour to be seated... Once seated waited a hour for our entree and no one took our dirty plates from salad and apps. In addition, our meals (ultimate feast) were missing the lobster tail, pasta was dry, broccoli was mushy and our waitress hated her job ‍. We've been to that location multiple times and never experienced anything like this.I haven't even sat down and I know that this is going to be the worst meal of my life. Service is a disgrace to Philadelphia. The most inefficient restaurant I have ever seen.I love the Red Lobster on the Roosevelt Blvd. The food is always good when I'm here..OK and the Duel Maine Lobsters on the commercials, are as good as they look yummy....But you gotta go to a Red Lobster that has good cooks.Never coming back, bad food, long service! Compared to other red lobsters this one is the worst. Waitress only came around once in an hour of sitting. Lobster had poop still in it!My girlfriend and I went out to dinner tonight and we had the best waiter we have had in a very long time. His name was Micheal. He was attentive but not too overbearing like most. He had everything brought to us in a timely fashion and was very polite. He was Great !Me and my family absolutely love RL!!! my hubby got the Seaside Trio which he loves.  I got the Shrimp in 4 flavors. Don't remember the names of all the shrimp but try my best. It was the spicy Argentine shrimp, shrimp pasta, pepper shrimp skewer, and spicy shrimp skewer. My favorite is the Argentine shrimp, it is very flavorful and spicy, is very delicious.  And I also got the Malibu Hurricane without the alcohol.Avoiding it,you have been warned. 
I've been here a few times. The staff were pleasant and the food was good, the only thing that remained  constant is how disgusting the bathrooms are. Went there with my sister, nephew and couple of his friends. They took forever to sit us and it wasn't busy at all. The salad looked like it was made the day before and he got our order wrong. The waiter brings back the check and he CIRCLED the tip portion. I put my card in the envelope with no intention of giving him a tip my sister put $25 cash in there. Let me say I've never seen a waiter pick up my bill so quickly. How unprofessional, this will be in my last time.I wish I could put no stars !!!! The service here sucked !!smh ! Idk what the hell was wrong with them & that waiters funky attitude!! The food was coldMe and husband were craving seafood on late Sunday evening. We went to Red Lobster. We were given a table right away. Our server was superb - sweet, charming and very attentive. I loved my mussels dish, and my husband really enjoyed both the pouched and grilled lobster tails. I gave it four stars because they have a big wine list, but only one type of white wine was available.The ex took me here again last night (a pre-payment for me to do her taxes this year) and once again, everything was great. It was packed this time, but we didn't wait longer than 15 minutes for a booth - sat at the bar with a couple drinks while we waited. Food came fast and was good as always (the biscuits seemed better than usual even.) I had my usual, it was excellent, and she had a steak. She said it was good, but ha's had better at Outback. The servise was outstanding - the waitress wasn't as cute as the first time, but whaddayagonnado? =)
We did happen to be sitting next to quite a loud family though. They were so loud at some points of the night (or I should say the one woman was) that we had to talk above volume to hear the snaps we were laying on her. Ha!My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary in November. Neither of us had ever eaten here before and we had a coupon (we're broke college students, so we go wherever we have a coupon to LOL). We went for an early dinner around 4PM on a Friday and planned to see a movie after.
We were seated immediately, but the place started to FILL shortly after we were seated. We had two waitresses (one was in training) - they were both really nice and friendly. After our drinks came out was when the place really started to fill up. I only saw 2 servers besides ours so I'm thinking they were understaffed that night --- once it got crowded, our waitresses started disappearing for very large chunks of time. They took our dinner orders a half an hour after we arrived, and the next time we saw them was when our food was brought to us 45 minutes later (that's 45 minutes AFTER we ordered it mind you). It's a tradition that we order dessert on our anniversary (we actually weren't even going to bother because of the wait, but it was also included in the coupon), and it was another long period of time until our dessert orders were taken and even longer until they were brought out, and even LONGER until we got our check. 
We ended up leaving around 6:30, and had to fight our way out of the crowd waiting by the door to be seated. The waitresses were really lovely and attentive to us, and I think it was just because the place was so busy, crowded, chaotic, and understaffed that that they were going absent. I don't blame them -- but I cannot justify a nearly 2 and a half hour stay. That's just ridiculous. 
As for the food....It's chain food - chain SEAfood at that. It is what it is.This place actually deserves more than 3 stars! Probably because they recently hired a new manager, the service is absolutely pleasant and amazing. My waitress was extremely friendly, helpful, and considerate. The food itself is pretty good as well. All of the seafood are very fresh, especially the shrimp! The lobster tail was very juicy and tender. The salmon was a little bit overcooked, but I was so full at that point I didn't really care. Give this place a try! It's really not bad at all.tthe service is slow Food disgusting...I use to like RL..NEVER AGAINWent here on Valentine's Day as we didn't need a reservation. We were seated promptly and our orders taken shortly after. It was a great experience. Our waitress was great. Very friendly, quick and you could tell she enjoyed her job. Even though they were packed our food came out in lightning speed. Also the manager came by to chat and make sure everything was good. The service we received at this location was outstanding. Food was good also!We chose Red Lobster for my grandmother's 100th birthday celebration because she loves the biscuits, and if you're turning 100 you get whatever you want. 
Red Lobster does not take reservations or have a private room, and the policy is to only seat an entire party at once, but this location handled our party of 25 as well as any restaurant I've ever been to.  
I did call ahead and speak with managers to ask what arrangements could be made for us, both Patrick and Tiesha were professional and helpful. Tiesha gave us a nice area of tables and booths and seated us right away, and others as people arrived.
We had 2 servers and they handled all our orders, special orders, re-orders and bill splitting patiently and efficiently, and took really good care of us. Everyone's orders were correct and the food and drinks came out in a timely fashion, and they made sure she had plenty of biscuits to take home! 
When it was time for the birthday song, it looked like all the servers came over and it sounded like the whole restaurant joined in, my Grandmom and all of us had a great time!To be honest I don't know about the low ratings, it seems like that was years ago.  I been to this restaurant about 5 times and is not ghetto at all.  I wanted to go to Olive Garden but the wait was a ridiculous 45 minutes but Red lobster had no waiting.  I love both restaurants.  So we didn't hesitate we decided to go to Red Lobster.  The service was great, our waitress was very nice to all of us, very attentive and helpful.  We got our food very quick and it was delicious.  Like always we have a good experience with them.  I order the Caesar salad and England chowder soup and I'm a very picky person but it was delicious.  I wasn't that hungry but I ended up eating a lot.  My husband was content (no complaints from him)  Out of the 5 times I been to the restaurant there was only one time that I had to wait and it was like 10 minute wait.  I really have nothing bad to say.  My experience has been good! :)Me and my family went to Red Lobster to celebrate his birthday. We didn't tell our waiter it is a special occasion, hubby didn't want the "special attention(RL staff birthday song)" lol. 
After we were seated, it take 13 minutes for our waiter to bring us biscuits. Another 10 minutes passed by, he finally takes our drinks. By the time he brung our drinks, my 2 year old was dying of thirst:( That's the reason for the minus 1 stars. 
The Lobsterfest is still on, so hubby got the Lobster Lovers Dream, which he enjoyed very much. I decided i want to Bay Harbour Lobster Bake, one of my all time favorites from RL. My princess stick with her usual mac and cheese. 
Our waiter was on point after he got our drinks, fast refill of biscuits, and makes sure our dinner experience is good.To me red lobster is very overrated. Food there for one seems to be frozen box stuff. That's just my opinion. Coconut shrimps was not good. I had better. Hot wings were nasty. Food over priced. Found hair in my food but because I was with my father I didn't raise hell. Waiter was good and did a great job. Food just wasn't great. There's corner seafood spots that make better seafood. Not impress and probably won't return.Craving for the famous cheddar biscuits for the past couple of days so me and hubby decided to stop by Red Lobster before we hit the dreamland amusement in neshaminy mall. We were seated quickly at one of their bigger booths. 
10 minutes passed, our waiter finally came and took our drink orders, but still no biscuit. We waited approximately 15 minutes for 2 virgin bahama mama and apple juice, and it wasn't even busy. Finally he bring a basket of the biscuits, but never refill it not even trying to asked if we would like more. Service need improvements.
We decided to order some appetizers today. So hubby order his favorite Lobster Pizza while I got the Shrimp Cocktails. The appetizers were so good that we demolished them within 10 minutes lol. Hubby order the Seaside Shrimp Trio which he end up regretting. He wish he got what I have, the shrimp combination(forget what the name was on the menu). We will return to Red Lobster just for their food and virgin drinks.The service was sucks.  I went there with my sister and my boyfriend during Memorial day. There were only few tables of customers. However, we waited about 15 mins to get service and another 15mins to get Red Lobster biscuits. The Waiter did not apologize. We ordered 2 appetizers and three meals. One of our appetizers (string beans) was so salty and overcooked. The waitress did exchange a new one for us, which made me feel better.  I ordered a Seafood Trio for my meal, however it tasted not right, not like what i had tasted before. I loved Red Lobster. However, this experience made me NOT willing come back.Ate here last night with the bf, and surprisingly, it wasn't terrible. We had a great waiter, and my food was pretty good. I only go to Red Lobster for their cheesy biscuits, and I wasn't disappointed.
Also enjoyed the Peach Bourbon Scallops and Shrimp, surprisingly.  This location was clean, the waiter was friendly, and it wasn't overly-crowded.We went here over the weekend and had a great experience! Our waiter was very nice and even gave us 5 biscuits to take home with us.Went to dinner 2/15/17 around 7pm. To the location on Roosevelt blvd above welsh. Seating as normal was 10-20 minutes for 2. Server was very pleasant but the amount of time it took to place an order and just get a ceasar salad was ridiculous. I asked for a ceasar salad with NO Cheese, I received cheese. Ok not a big deal I was able to take it off. I then began to receive my entree. The Ultimate feast was what I ordered with broccoli as my side, the broccoli was missing.  She later brung my broccoli. The broccoli was hot but the feast was just warm. Next the second entree came, a ceasar salad with grilled shrimp. The lettuce was frozen! Why would it ever be ok to serve any customer frozen lettuce. That entree should have never left the kitchen! I am well aware of how food preparations work and this was just unacceptable. Being one who holds a certification in managing food service and handling (servsafe), the lettuce was not held at its correct temperature. Lettuce is supposed to be served at 41 degrees Fahrenheit and held at 32.   Received the bill and the salad was included. There was no reason that salad should have been charged if it was incorrect the first time. I asked for the manager. He then came over. Very understanding and he handled the situation accordingly. His actions pleased me but my overall experience was horrible. Red lobster is known for their biscuits, being there for 2 hours we received 3. I am not satisfied with this visit and don't think I will ever return.I'm disappointed with Red Lobster they used took be my go to place now every time I order for pick up they ALWAYS mess it up today no exception. I asked that they put my sauce on the side since how that heard extra sauce which ruined my food 35.00 down the drainTook mother and wife to this place. Been a patron around the country for more than 20 years. This is the worst experience. It wasn't busy, the day before mother's day, yet, the service was poor. Got food and the baked potato coud fit in my palm, the butter scoop was half the size of the actual potato. Never again! I place blame on management. Definitely!I do not expect much from a seafood chain restaurant. The petite lobster roll was definitely petite and would have been okay if it was made properly. It's like they took a hotdog bun threw some dry, few day old lobster meat and nuked it. The lobster meat was super dry, no butter on "buttery roll", and the hotdog bun was stale and super hard on the bottom. The crab leg cluster however was cooked perfectly and was moist and sweet. Biscuits were good as well. Just for some of the prices you would expect them to cook and serve you fresh food. Not really a fan but someone gave me a gift card, it only reminded me why I haven't been to this restaurant since I was a child.Just for the wait alone, it was ridiculously long and when the waitress came she was nice but damn. Why does my party have to wait 20 minutes to get some water and bread? She brings the appetizer with no plates and I'm still thirsty!!! This is the worst so far and I'm just ready to leave now. My daughter wants to stay. I'll take my stuff in a to go box. I'm pissed. AND there will be no tip. The manager came over and offered to make one plate over and apologized for the mix up with the scampi sauce spilling over to the fried shrimp. I told him I would not be back here ever again. SmdhUnfortunate experience at this location. We were in the neighborhood and decided to dine here. 
After receiving my salad with GLASS that I actually chewed on and thought I had chipped my tooth, I quietly asked our waitress to come over and showed her the glass and requested a new salad without a big fuss. The manager came over and asked if I was hurt. I said no, I was just really surprised to find that GLASS had reached my mouth. I could've damaged my tooth or even cut my tongue, let alone if swallowed, it could have caused damage. (Who knows if I already swallowed GLASS.) The manager continues to say "You're okay, good." then walks away. 
Upon completion of our meal we received the check with a $0 compensation. The manager said because we didn't cause a fuss he didn't think we needed to be compensated. I was appalled. Although, I was not seriously injured I believe as common courtesy we should've been compensated. Our waitress was great, however the managerial skills here failed. I will never go back and do not encourage others to do so. 
(The waitress gets 5 stars as she was more apologetic than the manager.  We still tipped her over 20% for her great services. The manager gets a zero in my book.)My mom workt in kitchen watching her patient and said there dirty drop food and ect...Went in to pickup food not even sit down and had to wait even tho I showed up past the order time. Then I stood there for ten minutes before someone told me I was in the wrong spot, then I waited in another spot and no one spoke to me until I stopped someone. I was then told my food would be right out. However the biscuit machine was broke. I didn't even order biscuits or want any and had to wait until I said something again to her and told her I didn't want biscuits I just want my food. The food then came right out. Almost a half hour for food that was already ready.I ate there last night with my family and ordered the petite lobster roll. I woke up absolutely sick to my stomach. I knew it smelled funny but I figured it was because it was cold or because it was the sauce they used. I puked this morning and I still don't feel better. I'm assuming I was given bad lobster and I'm grossed out.Two stars because food quality and flavor is subpar compared to many Red Lobsters I've been to. Go to Olive Garden instead. Food was ugh. But biscuits were good.  But the waiter was awesome. Carpet smelled of old funk too!!I recently visited here was not impressed with service at all. Our waiter seemed a little distracted, for lack of a better word. He was very forgetful and disheveled which lead to an extremely long wait for food, drinks and condiments. Def wouldn't recommend nor return.what can $86.00 buy?
Steve Madden shoes. a Coach bag (on sale), a week worth of meals at Mcdonalds. peace. love. happiness. 
what it ended up buying me last night was: 
1. an absent-minded waiter who had a habit of disappearing. He brought me Coke when i asked for water. No problem, he apologize and it was fine until i noted the $1.99 charge for coke on my bill. He waited til after we sat down for 15 minute to ask us for our drinks. He gave my friend baked potato when he asked for mashed potato two minutes ago. 
2. the food was just "okay", which i don't mind if I'm paying $20.00 bucks, but its $86.00!! 
We created our own appetizers of fried clam strips, stuffed mushrooms and fried calamari. The stuffed mushrooms were pretty good with shrimp bits and cheesy goodness. However that was an extra $1.75 charge on a 9.25 price tag. The fried clams were pretty much just fried batter with no taste of clam. Calamari was good for all four pieces. 
Then it was salad which is okay, since you can't go wrong with salads. 
For entrees I went for the "ultimate feast" - of crab legs, lobster tail, fried shrimp, shrimp scampi and mashed potatos. Surprisingly, the only thing I didn't really like was the mashed potatos which were really bland. 
My friend went for the Lobster Rock tail and Steak. His medium steak came out so well done that it was near crispy. Its texture was semi like chewing gum. $29 dollar chewing gum. His lobster tail, however, was huge but tasted a bit weird. 
We ordered a banana cheesecake to shared and that was merely okay too. 
3. the wait. We waited to be served. We waited (for a long time) to place in our order. We waited for our food. We waited for the check. We waited for the waiter to finally come and take our credit card. We waited for him to come back with the credit card. In the end, I wished we had just went to McDonalds for a week instead.This has got to be the worst location ever! I am actually writing this review after a 45min wait for soup and 5 coconut shrimp! I said that I would never come here again, but my grandfather had a taste for it and it's around the corner from his house. I will say firmly that I will NEVER come here again!There was no hostess when we arrived so we waited 15 minutes for someone to even address us at the hostess stand, as servers chatted in the corner and walked by us. The manager finally came to seat us and he looked extremely disheveled, with no apologies. Only giving 2 stars because our waiter was good but I dont remember his name because I dont think he told us. Worst Red Lobster experience ever.I met a friend here recently for lunch, and I was disappointed with my meal. I go to Red Lobster pretty frequently in Philly/South Jersey, and of all of them, this one is definitely the worst in my opinion. My complaint is only about the food because the service here was actually great. Our server was very attentive and sweet. The cheddar bay biscuits and salad that came before my meal were fine, but I wasn't a fan of my entree. I ordered the pick 2 special and had the shrimp linguini alfredo and the seafood-stuffed flounder. The pasta was pretty bland and was missing its usual cheesy garlic flavor. The fish was pretty dry and the portion was extremely small. I'm willing to give this Red Lobster another chance, so I hope the kitchen was just having an off night, and the food will be up to par next time.I know I know.... what would I expect going to a cheap chain restaurant. And I use the term restaurant loosely. HORRIBLE FOOD, it was literally cold. Noisy, dirty, Utterly horrendous. If that weakest link lady were still around she wouldn't even waist her infamous, "You are the weakest link...goodbye" on this place.... BLAH is an understatement.Unlimited cheddar bay biscuits and endless shrimp. you can't beat that.The food was ok. The shrimp alfredo looked like it had been microwaved as it was dry on top. My wine was served to me in a dirty used glass. Very disappointed.Last night I wanted Dungeness Crab Legs. Went to Red lobster and was not told they had none. No problem, but I should have been told as soon as the Waiter introduce himself. Changed my order, spoke to the Manager, who was nice and accommodating. He even said he'd give me a free order of regular  Legs to go with the order. Now my real issue. Our Waiter (Sonny was his name I believe) was very lackadaisical in his demeanor, not like the other Waiters I observed who were pleasant, energetic etc. He was forgetful, slow, and didn't really say attention to detail. I never got the  Legs, I had to remind him and it was after my meal. I told him just to wrap them up. I never got my side order, guess he forgot. My wife had to ask several times for plain water, no . The food didn't taste good, it was so bad, we waited about 10-15 without seeing him. My wife asked me to wait in the car because she could tell I was very upset. Never again.Sunday after church lunch around (2pm)with my parents in Philly .I haven't been to red Lobster in years and it was well worth the visit my dad enjoy coming to Red Lobster and I kind of understand why . I really don't have any complaints food was good are  waiter was awesome . It was so much food we all had to ask for a take out box .
I order the seaside appetizer for are table what come with stuffed mushrooms ,coconut shrimp ,shrimp cocktail . As for  are main course my dad got the lobster Festival I may have the name wrong but he enjoyed it just said it was a lot of noodles and the sauce was more like a spaghetti sauce . My Mother had scallops and shrimp and also ordered coffee she did say the coffee was cold .
Me I had the shrimp trio and pita colada daiquiri and took a Benadryl for my  shellfish  allergies lol . As I said before didn't have a chance to finish ,  I didn't get the shrimp Alfredo . I got chicken  Alfred instead  what cost a lil more money like $5 .00 no more than that . 
It was a great lunch / dinner for us !So I finally tried Red Lobster after years of seeing commercials on TV and just seeing it around however never actually stepping into one. So with that being said my preconceived notion red lobster was a poor man's seafood diner. But boy was I wrong on so many levels! First of all the service was great, I can't really complain our waitress was kind and courteous and kept our refreshments coming and was awesome. Now for the food, we ended up getting the Seafood sampler and mind you it was about $14.00 so what you get are 4 butterfly shrimp that you could get at any frozen section of GIANT or ACME, 4 cocktail shrimp, and some cheese stuffed mushrooms. So overall they were not the worst I cannot say it was a good value at all. My wife ended up getting the sirloin with shrimp which also wasn't that bad and I ended up getting the wood grilled salmon/shrimp/lobster tail and it was great! Very fresh and flavorful and nothing to complain about. But when it's all said and done i ended up paying almost $85.00 for two entrees and an appetizer which I would say is far from a good value or cheap by any means. I know seafood in general is expensive but I feel as though you can find way better food & atmosphere at a better price or same price. The overall experience just doesn't justify on what I paid for. So would I say Red Lobster is the worst place I've been to?! Of course not the seafood was pretty solid but for the price and atmosphere once is enough for me and my family. Thank you for taking time to read my review!dammit. I went out to eat at red lobsters for the first time with my grandparents and a friend for my birthday and I'm actually really disappointed. Not that I'm not grateful that they took me out or anything, no no. BUT DAMN THE FOOD IS SO SALTY. I mean I get it. The saltbae memes are out there rn but u don't gotta be practicing those salt sprinkling skills on my food .___. the soup? SALTY. LIKE THE OCEAN. the lobster? SALTY. LIKE THE OCEAN. the Salmon? SALTY. LIKE THE OCEAN. IM SO SALTY JUST THINKING ABOUT IT COT DAMMIT ELIZABETH. I'm gonna have to go on a jog and probably a detox to get this sodium guilt off my chest. The price was ridiculous for what we got....$8 for salty soup? $34 for my salty meal? $0 for my salty attitude? I could've just eaten table salt (NaCl) at home if I wanted to. Not worth the price. Tsk tsk. 
the view? GOT NONE. the lighting? DARK LIKE MY SOUL. the complimentary bread they gave us? SIKE DH NOT FREE! $6 up their azzzzz
neva againWas told by host we had a 10-15 minute wait that ended up being almost a hour. We then asked why was it taking so long she responded short staff, if she would've said that at first we wouldn't had wasted our time, so after about another 15 minute wait we finally was seated. We asked our waiter for the manager 4 times and they never showed. We didn't even get an apology.. Never Again!This place is like a EMERGENCY ROOM.... service is so slow, people are dragging feet here.... 45 minute wait for tables but they have the place half empty ..... NEW MANAGEMENT IS NEEDED BADLYNo host when we entered.
1 hour wait for entrees.
No refills offered.
No table check from server.Let's just say that the service there is just plain ol HORRIBLE!! Its like everytime i go there, theres like a 3 hr wait and then the food is sucky as CRAP!! I love seafood and i love shirmp sooo much but i would recommend to go to another Red Lobster besides this one on the Roosevelt Blvd.Okay so we entered red lobster and was told it will be a 20 minute wait, which is okay considering it's Labor Day and 6:30pm.... a party of 5 had already been waiting an hour and a big party got up and left and they still weren't called. so me, my best friend and daughter are waiting to be seating and two parties came in after us one a party of two and the other a party of three and they were called before us. They had no reservation and the waitress that seated them didn't even call them by the parties name she said how many and sat them immediately as if she knew them. Unfair and inconsiderate. Probably won't be coming back to this one. P.s we weren't updated on when we will be called neither did the other parties sitting beside us waiting to be seated. So now we are seated and the hostess that seated brings us bread and informs that our waitress is "busy". So our waitress comes without introducing herself and asks for our drinks so we give her our drink orders then she comes back and asks for our food and salad choice, our salad comes before our drinks and we had to ask for eating utensils and salt and Pepper. Our drinks arrive 20 minutes after the salads and they were watered down to the point that the ice was practically invisible. The no name waitress then comes back to inform us that they have no silverware and we get plastic......:( so our food arrives. I ordered fries instead of rice with my entree and my fries were not there! As we look around for the manager people are already speaking to him with complaints. He never approached our table to check on us knowing that obviously today is not going smoothly. The no name waitress was very nonchalant while attending to us. Smh cmon red lobster, biscuits were the only thing nice to us :)!!!!!