To make a short story long....here ya go ....me and my friend Frank were bar hopping and after closing time we would always go to The Mayfair Dinner because to me they always had the best Chipped beef on toast ....so we went there and there was a big line ....so we said well let's go to The Red Robin dinner ......so we get a booth and look at the menu and the waitress comes and takes our order ......Frank orders eggs and whatever....and i ordered the chipped beef on toast and Frank gave me such a dirty look....so when she left Frank kind of yelled at me and said....NOW WHY THE HELL DID YOU ORDER THAT FOR.....you know your just gonna get mad because you love The Mayfair Dinner Chipped Beef.....so anyway our food comes....Frank is just staring at me to see how i like the SOS and it tasted better than The Mayfair Dinner and i said that and he said let me try it and he did and we were hooked :o).......OK now here comes the punch line......the one thing they did wrong with it was they put one piece of toast on top of the other ....now that is wrong....they need to be side by side and the one slice cut.....the way the Mayfair dinner does it and every other dinner in the world....so anyway.....so one week later we were back for our chipped beef on toast ...and i said to the waitress ...i would like the toast Side by Side ....and we thought all would be fine....here she comes with our order....and this is what we got.....our Chipped beef on toast with the same two pieces of toast on top of each other and a side order of two pieces of toast ...:o)I agree with the other reviewer. If you don't care about the experience and just want something to eat they are fine. I used to go there for years but have moved on.We wanted something to eat and burgers were on our minds. we got there was seated quickly. The waiter sat us and took our orders. The food was good and cheap. If we are in the neighborhood again, we wil go again.I can't say it's the best or worse , all I can say its got good dependable food and service, I never had a complaintHad their fried fish on a hoagie roll with fries and coleslaw.  Can complain about a thing.  Waiter was very good.  Quite friendly accommodating.Omg! So depression when im there, people who run it are Russian and they have brought there bleakness to philly! The food is just very OK, but everytime im there I want to stick a fork in my eye... good to eat if you're in you're "Dark place" in life lolGreat food and great place to eat. Been coming here for awhile. Never had a issue with anything here. The place is clean and the restrooms are clean as well.I've only been here once. Perhaps it was just an off night. Maybe the staff were having a bad day. Maybe the chef was tired. Maybe my tastebuds are off. However, I don't care if any of those things are true because this place was bad enough for me to never want to come back again. 
A group of five of us went here one night and ordered five different things so we could do our usual "pick off everyone's plate" thing. We got a grilled chicken Caesar salad, chicken fingers, the soup of the day, and a couple different burgers. There's not much to be said about any of it except it wasn't good at all. The chicken was dry, the soup, flavorless, the burgers were burnt to hell and the fries were cold. 
I don't go out to eat much, but I'd rather go to the Mayfair diner that's a little further up Frankford. Much more worth the time and money.went with my husband the night before they were closed for memorial day. we knew we'd be out by the time they closed because we were just getting breakfast, stuff that takes five minutes to whip up. we weren't aware they'd be closing when we got there, but the hostess still sat us graciously. the waitress therese really didn't like that! got super huffy, threw her little check pad on the counter, and practically threw my coffee on the table to the point that it spilled everywhere (no apology of course; she left me to clean that up, which i did because i wasn't raised by wolves, unlike her).
got our food. they serve french fries with eggs instead of home fries if you go after breakfast time, which is gross. they should warn you on the menu. who eats french fries with scrambled eggs???
through our very brief meal, the waitress made a huge show of how victimized she was for having to serve customers while the restaurant was still open. another car pulled up in the lot and she lost it, announcing "i'm not serving any more tables!" to the hostess loud enough for us and the other remaining table to hear. we ate our crappy food and got the hell out of there. this place is really subpar--doesn't take cards in the year 2015, tiny portions, weird sides if the cooks don't feel like making the usual ones, different rolls/bread every time you go in there--and this was the final nail in the coffin. i'll gladly head up the ave to mayfair diner from now on.
ironically, my husband is a sailor. in her haste to start her day off, she mistreated a service member when the reason that holiday exists is in remembrance of men and women like him that were killed in the line of duty. the place really needs a night manager. the hostess seemed afraid to put her foot down. oh well. hope you enjoyed your tip--it was based off of your professionalism, which was also totally absent :)This place is right around the corner from my house, but convenience alone couldn't get me to ever go in there again. 
Easily some of the rudest waiters I have ever had in my life and the food was pretty gross. 
I honestly don't know what happened to this diner. It used to be one of the best but over the last few years it has taken a complete nose dive. Its really a shame.I never been here before and decided to check it out . Cute place and great service for the staff but the food wasn't that great . I order a spinach omelet and the spinach was over cook and my sausage was raw . Sent it back and order over medium eggs again eggs wasn't done and the meat was raw again . Sucks because my wife food was great . So maybe it's time for a new cookI've been going here since I was a kid. I love this place! The staff is very friendly, mostly everything is homemade, and it's affordable!
Worst thing about this place, their salads. For some reason the salads are always water logged.Eat at your own risk! If I could give 0 stars I would. We gave this place a third chance and wish we hadn't. The coffee was bad, the food was terrible, and the service was worse! The creamed chip beef was fatty and the omelette was watery (is that even possible?) Our waitress dropped off our food and disappeared. They must train their servers to never ask if the food is ok, otherwise they'd be listening to complaints all day. We heard the table next to use complaining about their food and service too. If you're starving and nowhere else is open, here are some tips for dining at Red Robin: bring cash because they don't accept card (21st century, meet Red Robin), bring your own Sweet n Low or Splenda because they only have sugar, bring your own coffee because theirs sucks...you know what, you might as well just bring your own food because you will leave hungry and $20 poorer.I am visiting from Texas and my family of 5 and I decided to go to Red Robin Diner for breakfast before I left. Firstly, we arrived there and a rude woman calling us to seat us (from very far away) was visibly annoyed we couldn't hear her ...instead of simply walking over and greeting us to seat us. We were then seated in a pretty small table so we requested from one of the waitresses to move to a larger table. We walked over to a round table with 5 chairs that she said we could sit at ... The same RUDE woman walked over and said we were not allowed to sit there that it was reserved for 6 people. There 5 chairs there.... And the people sitting next to them were a party of 5. Needless to say we walked of there pretty insulted by the lack of customer service from that woman and took our business to Mayfair diner where they treated us great.Had breakfast here, a Western style omelet with cheese. Very good. Service was great too. Wasn't very crowded for a Monday morning either.Not the best of diners but it's better than the IHOP down the road. Got the Philadelphia omlette that was lacking in cream cheese. ;(Ugh. This diner is terrible. Last night was the third time I'd been there and certainly the last. Our waitress was having a meltdown right behind us. Complaining about how hard the job was crying uncontrollably. She was so busy crying that she forgot our food. Upon bringing it out, she dropped mine so I had to wait an extra long time for a new one to be made. When it finally came out, it was overcooked and horrid. The waitress even had the nerve to comment while taking my uneaten dinner  During this idiocy, they let a couple homeless people hang around and behave badly. One of them was screaming near us at the counter while the other was talking to himself by the bathrooms. It was the worst freakshow I've witnessed in this area. Seriously. You have paying customers trying to eat yet you let unruly homeless people taunt the only customers you have. The one homeless guy was snorting something off the counter. It was disgusting. I can't wait to never come back there again!!!Should be called the dead robin. Food was just okay. Ignorant workers, absent minded waitress and overcharging means this place is pretty bad.I ordered a fried oyster platter and have Been feeling nausea for the last three days. The oysters were very slimming and fell away from the crust.would not go there againI'm not coming back here. They are cash only, which I was aware of, but the asshole at the register, the younger looking meatball,  wouldn't break our twenties not willing to.help us at all. Because of him, our waitress got.a.smaller tip because I had.no more to give since i had to use all my.money towards the bill instead of getting change back. The guy SHOULD have helped the customer instead of making things difficult and being arrogant. He lost the diner 4 custoners todsy, way to go.Well this review is based on a one time visit. I do believe i may have been here long ago but dont remember lol. I was up all night and a friend asked me to go with her somewhere. So since i was up but sleep derprived i went. Of course it turned into more than one just stop. We stopped here right before lunch time. I had wanted to go to the Diner a a few blocks up but went with her recommendation. I found the food to be pretty good and decently priced. Both of our orders came out to be under $20 and  thats with the tip. Service was quick and we were attended to quickly. Our orders came out pretty quick to. I really enjoyed the Home Fries and in fact i was going to take some home but changed my mind last second. The waitress was nice although she seemed like she has been around since the sinking of the Titanic. One thing that caught us off guard is that they dont take plastic. Luckily my friend just had enough cash on hand to cover the bill and leave a appropriate tip.Most of the the reviews below seem to be from before dramatic improvements have been made. I enjoy the diner - particularly the breakfast specials - principally because the food is good, the service is good, and the diner is clean.
Good food. Great Coffee. Friendly service.
(The French toast is my favorite in the city.)Diner sucks. Me and wifey went for breakfast and got burnt potatoes and eggs. Feta cheese tasted like it came out of a plastic bucket. Then you have a hairy meatball seating customers ( too much hair for restaurant business). My wife ask for a large oj and they bring over a shot of juice out of a carton. The extra large is a regular size which is a rip off its $3. This was my first and last time. Waitress had to ask to use the restroom and then was told to hurry up. I don't know if the meatball is the owner or whoever he is needs to show respect for self customers and employees.I went there for breakfast. I ordered sausage with my eggs. The eggs were bland, the hash browns were dry, and the sausage was severely undercooked. Haven't been back there since.Based on the review by Jon C. we tried  breakfast at this diner. Breakfast was good, place was clean and service was excellent. The place was filled with customers. Our server was very pleasant and meal was served promptly.We used to call this place the dirty bird! Actually we still do. I grew up around the corner from here, I've been there too many times to count. It's not very good unless you are drunk.
In fact don't ever travel to go there. Only people from the northeast should ever go in.This place has been going down hill for the last 5 years or so.
Here's one happening that took the cake.
I invited a friend to have lunch with me @ the Red Robin.
My buddy ordered "Canadian Bacon."  Yes, I heard him.
When his order was served, he received regular bacon.  He, politely, informed the waitress. She replied, "Bacon's bacon, you can eat it, right?"
My buddy replied that he wanted the Canadian Bacon that he had ordered.  She grabbed his plate in an aggressive manner from in front of him, returning it to the kitchen.  Shortly thereafter, she returned his lunch plate, just short of throwing it in front of him. Note: Never were the words "I'm sorry for our mistake" uttered. 
THEN, the cook came out of the kitchen, sat down at the counter and processed to STARE at my friend until we left.
Do you think I'll ever be back there?
Do you think I would ever recommend this place to anyone?
Do you think I haven't told everyone I know about this episode?the food is great! honestly the grilled chicken sandwich was amazing.  i had the double stuffed porkchop, which should cost $25, and it cost $13, what a deal.  they have an ATM machine now so you don't have to cross the street.  the service depends on your waitress.  i like to eat there when passing through, it is right near frankford and harbison(near 95)  .  it is clean in and out.  i have gone to the kitchen and it is scrubbed well.  other places cannot say the same.Been here once. Food is horrible--most likely reused day to day. Heard many stories of how the owners run place by abusing their waitresses and being ignorant to customers. Go a little further up Frankford ave and go to Mayfair Diner.This is a really nice place. Very clean and well kept. The layout style, while it fits the normal diner feel, is different. 
I've been there twice with my gf at the time and we both enjoyed the food.
I was surprise with the result considering how many bad reviews i saw before me.The service was great, the lady that served us was super friendly and welcoming. 
We decided to get some breakfast, we got 2 eggs with potatoes, and toast! 
It was an overall nice dining experience :) we would definitely come back again .Not bad but not the best. Went last year for breakfast with my husband and the kids. The kids seemed to like the food. They have good specials and kids eat free on certaindays. Good prices. The wait staff don't seem very friendly/welcoming but hopefully that's changed in the past year.Personally, I enjoy finding new diners to have breakfast with the buds at, and I was thoroughly unimpressed by this one. The full parking lot seemed quite promising at first, but the poor service, lack of variety in breakfast options (along with denial of possible substitutions), and inferior taste, which included dry pancakes and the greasiest home fries I've seen, I was jolted by the reality of the place. 
The staff seemed utterly miserable and the overall cleanliness of this diner wasn't so fantastic. Unfortunately, I can't say I have been to any other diners in the area to recommend... but I'm sure none can be much worse than the Red Robin diner.It's ok. Not good enough to say anything good and not bad enough to say anything negative. I ride by and the parking lot is empty a fair amount of the time. I haven't been there in years.I mean this when I say it, I have NEVER been to such a horrible diner in my life. I wish I looked at the reviews before coming here. We walked in with one other person eating. We weren't even greeted, just was told where to sit.. once my waitress came, I asked for Pepsi or coke and she said they ran out.. WOW. Then we got our food and it was so bland & disgusting! My boyfriend, and my father both agreed the food was awful! We never got checked up on for refills or anything. Waitress had a very poor attitude. Whoever the older woman is, she needs to leave. I'm more dissatisfied by her service than the dreadful food. NEVER AGAIN. SAVE YOUR TIME, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. Thank me later. Wow!!!!I can say the rye bread and the coffee were very good lol They charge $1.75 if you want tomatoe slices instead of home fries!! That's insane! But our waitress was fantastic!! We wont be back. Too many good diners in Philly!!Our party came in on a sunny Eagles game Sunday at 2pm. The place was completely empty. I actually thought it may be closed, as NO cars were in their large parking area. Last time I ate here was 15 years ago for breakfast. It was just fine then. Today was a major disappointment. To start off, the prices are meant to trick you. Everything, even the most basic thing is extra. For example, a tuna sandwich for $3.75 is reasonable, right? Nope! Lettuce and tomato are 75cents extra. A soda in a 12 oz glass is $2.75! Oh, it comes with a free refill says the waitress. Ok, so she refills it with more ice and 7 oz of soda. A total rip-off! (Of course, getting her attention for the refill was a challenge. It took ten minutes to get her attention. She was busy SITTING at a dining room table with another waitress  loudly discussing 'daughter drama'. The cook actually had to come out and yell at her because the hot fish entree we also ordered was sitting so long! Plus, I could care less hearing about her family problems while I am eating lunch. And what is she doing sitting at a table.) 
Now let me tell you about the quality of the mayonaise sandwich. Yes, it was drenching mayonaise with some tuna added. Really horrible and the sandwich had a fizz taste, so I was scared to finish it. I could go on, but now I know why the place was empty. Never returning here.I use to go to this diner through the eighties and nineties the food was really good quality.  I just went back a couple of days ago to my surprise I should have read the reviews on Yelp the quality of the food was terrible it's like it's the Dinner hasn't changed in 20 years that the decor is back from the nineties.  I guess that's why every time I drive past the parking lot is always empty.  I suggest if you're looking for a good meal there a lot better options in the area then this place.Service was good but food sucked. Rancid meat do not stop foods horrible .place was hot .Ordered Greek Salad. Drenched in oil (olive oil questionable) tasted awful. Wilted lettuce, crumbled discoloured eggs, tomatoes had a weird texture. The server took it back... a few minutes later came back with same salad and said its fine nothing wrong.  Apparently, management thought it was okay. I'm a salad person. I eat 2-3 salads weekly especially greek - my favourite. Don't tell me its fine when it clearly isn't. I was famished but didn't want to disturb my entire party (in which their food wasn't great, but not as bad as mine) The server offered free dessert on him, as management refused to acknowledge the situation. We declined. Our servers embarrassment was obvious, he appeared uncomfortable bringing the salad back out. Very awkward. My untouched plate was set aside on the table for the entire duration of about 20 minutes which seemed like an eternity. The owner walked past us as with an unapproachable expression, didn't even say hello. The checkout lady apologized and explained how the owner had a bad day. REALLY!!!??? In all seriousness lady, I had a long day too. No paying customer should ever leave a restaurant hungry. (Yes, I was charged & paid $14.30 for the salad.) I ended up picking up a sandwich from WAWA. Horrific experience will absolutely never go back and highly recommend this place to shut down. Worst Resturant in Philly!!!Service was amazing. I sought refuge in this diner when my car overheated around the corner. The waitress sat me near an outlet so I could charge my phone. I was extremely hot and pretty sweaty myself, the waiter kept topping off my water once I got halfway through it. All I got was pancakes, but ya know what else do you eat on a rough day. They were tasty. The prices were really inexpensive, my pancakes (which were you know standard American portions of large) were less than $6.
Keep in mind it's cash only, I 100% recommend stopping into this place.I think the reason I go here still is because I've gone since I was a kid. The waitresses are always very attentive and nice and there's a weekday vegetarian breakfast special that's like $2. Still, there's nothing particularly special about the place. The food is good and priced decently, but minus a star for the insultingly-small juice that comes with the breakfast combos. It's only slightly bigger than a shot glass. Seriously. Also, they don't take credit, and their ATM in the vestibule has a $2 fee.Red Robin dinner is OK......  It's not great even as dinner fair goes, but it's edible. It's where I go after a night out at 3AM. When you don't really care what you eat because everything is amazing.Awesome food and excellent service,even the owner came to say Hi!!! 3 people had 3 huge meals  for around $50. The place is SPOTLESS, the Waiter (John) very pleasant cordial and accommodating. They made a item they stopped serving just for us!!! Where else can you get such willingness to please a customer?? This place I tell you. Will be back for sure!!!I used to come here a lot when I was a kid, but after re-experiencing this place as an adult, you couldn't pay me to go back. All in one occasion, they gave me a caesar salad with Italian dressing instead of caesar as the default, a plate of pasta that was slathered in plan marinara sauce, rather than actual pasta sauce, with a side of "bread" that was the same as the kaiser rolls they put on their sandwiches. It's like they just threw the meal together based on things that were lying around rather than actually figuring out how to do it right. Tried the strawberry shortcake afterwards thinking "well they can't possibly mess up shortbread with strawberries and whipped cream on top," but the thing tasted like it had been sitting on the shelf for days.
Sorry Red Robin. You might have been good when I was a kid, but not anymore.Breakfast is way over price.  One egg cost five dollars. Try four seasons on cottman ave. they have much better deals.I've been a regular customer for dinner in this bleak little diner for the past three or four months. I continue to go back not for the mediocre food or the charge for every soda refill, but because of the cool servers that are there. They work in the neighborhood with you don't really get a lot of tips and they work hard.
Recently I've been asking for the BLT club sandwich and an order of french fries for dinner. The first time I get french fries it looks like there's a large all over them but has not melted or been cooked to temperature. So I asked to send them back. On my next visit I get a BLT club in which the bacon is cold and hard. I asked for the bacon to be dropped in the deep fryer and warmed up. They say they did but oh no they did not.  I winning this evening for my normal BLT and was refused to be served. They said sorry the owner Gus says you cannot order a BLT because you were turned the last two to be remade. What is he the BLT Nazi? I was furious and immediately asked for my check. Left a $10 tip for my server and told her it was not her fault but I would never return again to this hole in the wall with mediocre food after being denied service.I love this diner. My family and I are treated just as great as if we were patrons of a five star restaurant.  The menu is just what you expect from a traditional diner and the authentic interior is charming. The service is great, it's old school at it's best.Worst Diner experience EVER. FIRST The waitress was down right miserable! It's a 24 hour diner you shouldn't be acting like I'm coming in right before your trying to close and you hate life. Couldn't even give a smile along with the rest of the employees in there. SECONDLY the food was not great and they refused to make me home fries!! Their omelet comes with home fries but instead they forced me to eat french fries with my cream cheese omelet because the cook didn't feel like making them and it wasn't exact breakfast hours, which shouldn't matter cause the whole point is to be able to eat breakfast all day. The courses are bland with no flair. Most places have the cream cheese omelet with some lettuce and tomatoes on top to add to flavor not just slapping an omelet on a plate with some FRENCH FRIES!! Should have went to the Dining Car instead :( do not go here I repeat do no go here.I walked in and began to suspect that I was not going to enjoy my stay.  I came in, alone, right in front of another sole diner and apparently both of us arriving simultaneously was more than the surly hostess wanted to handle in the relatively empty diner.  After a moment of hesitation she told me that my table was all the way to the end and left me to fare for myself while she escorted the other diner to his spot in the other direction.
I sat in the last table in the room we were in.  Apparently she'd meant all the way into the next room and her consternation was apparent when she came over to explain to me the error.  She asked if I would move, and I might have done so even though I was happily settled but I guess she realized how silly that would have been and she reconsidered and told me to stay.
My server was right on her heels and asked me for my drink order.  I asked for an iced coffee. She shook her head to tell me that I didn't want to do that.  She explained that it would be watery because they merely put ice cubes into hot coffee and the end result is watery and gross.  (I have occasionally resorted to asking for a coffee and a glass of ice at places that don't offer and as I am not a real coffee connoisseur to begin with I am usually satisfied with the result if not the process.) This time I took the cue from my server and changed the order to iced tea.  She then expressed a willingness to do the iced coffee if I really wanted it.  I told her the iced tea would be fine.  
Adam's Diner Pet Peeve #1.  Hiding Splenda. I have never price comparison shopped for artificial sweeteners and maybe my personal tastes color this but who uses sweet-n-low anymore?  If you're going to scrimp on a sweetener lose the pink and keep the yellow.
This place takes it to extremes.  The do not even have the customary tub of sweetener assortments on the tables.  I had to request my sweetener of choice and FAIL they do not have any Yellow.  At least I can stomach the Blue stuff because that's what I got.  On consideration, I would be fine with not having the sweeteners left sitting on the tables (an anti-theft measure?) if they also have the full selection.
My server brought me my iced tea and from a secret pocket extracted a couple of Equal packets.  She asked me for my order.  I ordered a sausage and cheddar omelet.  Once again I got the headshake.  She whispered to me that the cheddar was not real.  I understood what she meant but she clarified,  it's wiz.  I modified my order to American.
Adam's Diner Pet Peeve #2.  Using "Butter Blend" instead of butter.  How much money are you really saving?  That stuff tastes like crap and ruins much of the food you're preparing.  While I am less discerning with regard to what was used to make sure the omelet doesn't stick to the pan because it is cooked away (i maintain a real butter omelet tastes better though) I cannot stand the taste of margarine on toast. 
This place PASSED on PP#2.  I ordered my Rye toast with real butter.  I saw my server about to shake her head but she acceded.  She did warn me the real butter would be hard but at least she had it.
Adam's Diner Tip #1: when the butter is right out of the fridge and is too hard for spreading you can massage it while it's still in the package.  That's right.  Massage it.  Gently knead the butter packets with your thumbs of fingers until its consistency softens and then you can open it and use it.
Adam's Diner Pet Peeve #3. "Fake" Rye bread.  If it is shaped like a loaf of white it is not rye even if the bag says it is.
This place PASSED on the rye test.  It was oval shaped and nice and chewy and flavorful like a good rye should be.  In conjunction with the real butter I was a happy camper.
My omelet came out pretty quickly and it was acceptable.  The sausage was perhaps a little too crusty (as in overcooked?) but the taste was decent the cheese was melted and the egg was cooked through but not over cooked.  The potatoes were decent and reasonably tasty.  Both needed seasoning but at least they still have the salt and pepper shakers on the table.
Adam's Diner Pet Peeve #4: Mustard.  Why is ketchup abundant but they always have to send search parties out for the mustard.  I acknowledge that I am weird but I happen to like adding mustard to my sausage omelet.  I feel it enhances the flavor of the sausage.  I like to have this mustard on my entire omelet and not only on the half that is left when the mustard finally arrives.  While we're at it on the condiment gripes, the condiment should ALWAYS precede the order to the table.  ALWAYS.  Nobody wants to postpone eating their hot meal while they wait for condiments.
This place FAILed on both Ketchup and mustard but was quick to resolve on both counts.
Adam's Diner Pet Peeve #5:  CASH ONLY or CREDIT CARD MINIMUM CHARGES.  Come on people.  This is the 21st fucking century.  Many people do not carry cash anymore.   FAILDon't eat roast beef sandwich from here got it around 10:30 at night and found a roach in it and when called they said he could not do nothing they were closed also order french toast sausage was pinkEhh this diner was just ok. We came here after a church service and it wasn't too busy. Our waitress was a sweet lady. I thought it was kind of funny she said they make her calculate the cost of all the meals before she puts the order in (she was taking our orders on a clipboard and had a calculator on it). We were a group of 12, so it was quite time consuming. It's a cash only place, but I don't understand why the cashier can't add all the stuff up when you go pay. Anyways, I think the coffee was awesome, but refills were slow to come out. One of our dining companions had his refill forgotten and by the time it came out he had to leave at that point for his child's baseball game. I think the food was tasty, and the portions were good. I didn't like that they served all the bread in a community basket (especially since all 12 of us ordered breakfast that comes with toast). I prefer it when your own bread is on your own plate. Not sure I'd return here since it's cash only and there are plenty of diners around here to try.This is another of the hidden gems in the Mayfair/Tacony/Torresdale area.  This little diner is right where it should be, as there isn't another anywhere nearby.  It's a small place, but warm and friendly.  The staff is always cheerful and helpful and the food is good, if not great.  Their breakfast choices are always fantastic.
One of the only negatives is the parking lot.  It's VERY small and difficult to navigate.  One has to take great care as backing out of a few spaces incorrectly will back you straight into traffic!
If you're looking for a no-frills, good diner, this is your place!Hey Yelp..., I've been coming here for years. I always order the usual which is The Western Omelet with cheese in it and my husband loves his french toast with either sausage or bacon on the side. Their fresh coffee is out of sight. The place is clean. The waitress are nice and that they know us the owner is nice as we'll. Awesome quality service. I would recommend this place to anyoneThis was the worst dining experience ever. The host was gruff and decided to seat a loud noisy family right next to our booth even though no one else was in the section, I asked.for my open faced turkey on toast but they said they can't, the turkey was discolored, when we told the manager he had nothing go say, 10 minutes later he asked if I wanted to take something else home. Ummmm, ill pass. I'm 7 months pregnant! The waitress told us she had been there a week and was ready to quit because of insane rules. She wasn't allowed to handle the bbq sauce for another dish. The cook had to bring it out to her. This place was horrible!!It's alright.
We used to go here after all of our Little Flower or North Catholic dances.  The waitresses just loved us.  Sense sarcasm?  You should have.  
The waitresses and waiters look like they rather be anywhere else in the world but there.  Which hey, it's not my problem.  You'll wait a while and risk the chance of a cigarette butt being in your food!Bang for buck this place does offer a decent value but the dinner food tastes of Sysco or other high volume frozen food distributors that it's nothing special.
The breakfast specials are good other than the hair which was included for free.  When I complained about it, I was told that that it's just arm hair so that made it more than acceptable.I don't know what gives?...the idea that we should eat here. First off, I don't like the area. So why do we think this would be any special? And I am correct that Red Robin will remain Robin Hood in the neighboorhood. Stay in the woods, but pls. Robin don't rob us when we pay the same comparable price somewhere else. Make your dish delicious and we can like you for your outlaw ways. Face it, we are not in the medieval times anymore.In an update, I've found that this restaurant really needs to step-up its service, food quality, selection, and availability.  Step it up, people!We decided to try Red Robin after about a year and frankly, I wish we hadn't. I ordered Russian dressing on my salad and got French, but no big deal....I like French Dressing too, however, I ordered the stuffed shrimp with crabmeat and it was a total disaster. The shrimp was totally dry and the coating broke apart with my fork. I don't know if it was left under the broiler or in the oven too long but it was pretty much  uneatable.  When we told our waitress about it she was nice enough to have it taken off the check. I explained to her that it wasn't her fault and I didn't want to give her a hard time (my daughter is a server) I actually felt bad for her.  My husbands meal was OK and he got the special which included dessert so he ordered the Rice Pudding. He didn't want it and gave it to me and it was really bland.
We have lived in the area for years and went to Red Robin quite often but after this experience, I'll pass. We will drive further up Frankford Avenue and eat at The Dining Car....so much better!My husband and I have driven by this diner countless times. We finally decided to try it. It wasn't busy at 8pm on a Friday night, so we thought we lucked out. There was only one waitress taking care of the whole restaurant which seemed odd. We ordered our food and while we were waiting, another waitress came out of the kitchen with food, basically ignored the waitress, ate, and went off to hide somewhere for about 15 minutes. In the meantime, we saw the  rude hostess (later I found out she was an owner) seat people and not even bother to give them menus, then scolded the waitress in the middle of the diner for not doing her job right. Some rather large, unkempt man scolded her as well, took some food, and promptly left. I found out he was the owner's son. Having worked in food service, I found it SO unprofessional, not to mention uncalled for, to see this done in front of customers!
Our food came out and wasn't really hot. I found this odd for the amount of people in the place. I had crab cakes, brussels sprouts, and macaroni and cheese. The crab cakes would have been passable if they weren't covered in a greek lemon sauce. That really ruined them. The brussels sprouts were hard and almost grey from sitting on a steam table too long, and the macaroni and cheese had no cheese in it that I could taste...just the cream sauce (heavily flavored with nutmeg) used in greek dishes.  My husband had some cajun salmon burger with corn relish and garlic aioli and fries. I almost laughed when I saw his plate. He had 3...yes THREE...potato wedges on his plate (half a potato) next to the salmon burger. To be honest, the food had no flavor. I don't think the cook knew what salt and pepper was. 
I think this was my first and probably last time in this diner. If I could give them no stars I would have. I've heard rumors that they are changing owners. If they do, I may give them another try. For now, I'd rather just heat a can of soup and make a cheese sandwich at home.