Absolutely delicious. Fresh healthy ingredients,, healthy, zesty flavors, prices reasonable, super fast,....so good. I had a bowl with salmon, mango, cucumber, cilantro, avocado, with a sweet and sour sauce, topped with tempura crunch and sesame seeds. So good. It's like a combinations of sushi and salad--but because it's a bowl, you can mix a lot more ingredients and textures than you can with sushi, so there is a lot more variety.
Quality of sushi-grade salmon was fantastic. Love everything about this place.Well it's a nice place but of course it had to be something "south street" about it. Of all the Poke places I've been to this past year (we are on a Poke kick) they have a system where you can write the order down. Rather than take the order as you tell them. I'm just guessing but it's probably for accuracy, but here is the kicker...
They can charge for whatever they want! Especially when you have to "modify" the meal to your liking. The more boxes you check the higher the price. Most places aren't like that but hey the food was really good. 
I'm giving them 3 stars for a few reasons:
1.the portion size was tiny in comparison to say Pokeono in Ardmore
2. The staff has no idea what is going on if that lady at the courter doesn't tell them, and it holds up the line
3. They charge for everything and that 10% discount was bunk! 
I'll go back but I will surely be in that area instead of going out of my way for such a bizarre dining experience. Better luck next time guys!Your choice poke bowl composed of menu or customizable options. Bowls are filled generously and composed of grains, proteins, sauces, crisps, and veggies. I've visited often since their opening and have had the salmon, tuna, shrimp, yellowtail, crab, and eel options.. I prefer the tuna, salmon, and eel, but all options were palate pleasers. Order online or inside for convenience, cash and credit accepted. Consistently fresh and filling for a reasonable $10-15 each.Wow!!! Amazing and a true bang for your buck! GREAT addition to the neighborhood. These guys are crushing the flavor train!  Got the salmon, mango, eel, avocado bowl. Totally worth checking out. The vibe is def more take-out.
Wishing these guys well.Great addition to the neighborhood. The bowls provide quality and quantity; food is super fresh with large potions. Prices are a great value. Happy to have found a new local spot for healthy takeout!An absolute favorite in the neighborhood. The food is always fresh and the price is a great value. I always build my own to try the different sauces and toppings to go with the fish. The staff is incredibly kind and welcoming. I will continue coming here forever and I suggest you do the same.My first Poke experience.  As I am accustomed to eating raw fish from both Korean and Japanese cuisine, I had no trouble with Poke.  Various choice of sauce was interesting, although I would have enjoyed it more if the sauce was less powerful.  To me it was a little bit overpowering fish. 
I will come back this place as I am on a never ending diet.The bowls are very good and the service is really friendly. Definitely try it !Best Poke I've had,  and I've had 'authentic' bowls on the west coast. You can make your own bowls and the fish is super fresh and nice. It took a little while for the food to come out but it was well worth it.This place is SO GOOD. Food is delicious. Delivery is fast. I've never had a problem and the food always comes out above expectations.First time trying this new establishment.
Ordered Butterfly bowl and dragon bowl. Both were excellent, fresh, tangy and ample in size. A bit more fish would have made this a 5 but still very enjoyable.
Delivery was great even during a torrential downpour. On time and even early!So yummy!  Fresh food with a great selection at a reasonable price.  We built our own bowls and the staff was very helpful with suggestions based on our tastes.I'm from the west coast so usually disappointed by philly sushi.   But this place is pretty darn good.  Maybe too.much rice in the bowl but the fish is cold and the flavors really stand out.  I got volcano bowl.  I will come back.This place is consistently fabulous! Ingredients are fresh, service is courteous, and fast considering what you're getting. I've eaten here many times, and highly recommend the Yuzu wasabi sauce. I opt for the create your own bowl, and have always gotten quality each time. Thanks Red Poke Express for giving the neighborhood an excellent, healthy meal option!Incredible fast food! Been here several times, always built my own bowl. It's a very interesting concept, they give you a sheet of paper and you select all the items you would like in your bowl, from proteins, sauces, to vegetables and toppings. The quality of fish is extremely fresh, i was pleasantly surprised. I have tried salmon, tuna and yellowtail, so far the tuna and yellowtail combo is my personal favorite. If you are unsure about any sauces or toppings the staff lets you have a sample so you know what to expect, it's great. If you have a craving for sushi, and want to walk away with a full belly, (not to mention for under $15) definitely check this place out!Yum! Been dying to try a poke' bowl and the taste did not disappoint! There's over a dozen pre designed bowls (including veggie) to choose from here, some with clever names of local neighborhoods. You can also grab a sheet at the front and completely create your own which is what I chose to do to keep it as healthy as possible. 
Since I'm vegan I decided to chose the organic tofu as my protein. It's served plain, not fried with no seasoning or breading in other words, perfect for those watching caloric intake. I must say I really appreciate tofu being offered as most poke' spots I've come across don't have a plan based protein. Other protein options include yellowtail, crabmeat (+$1), big eyed tuna, Scottish salmon, eel, shrimp and chicken, so definitely something for everyone. 
I went with seasonal mixed greens and nixed the rice in order to keep it light. On this initial visit I added cucumbers, red onion, edamame, carrot and pineapple from their list of over a dozen mix ins. 
I chose the spicy sesame shoyu which was the sauce option with the least amount of calories. After I asked the lovely girl behind the counter, she informed me it's mostly soy sauce based with a hint of sesame oil and a bit of Sriracha so no need to really worry about the oil too much. It was tasty and on the light side but still had nice flavor with just a hint of heat. 
I opted for the avocado which is $1 up-charge as a topping because well, avocado. Duh. The seaweed salad as a topping I felt was also a good choice to add some texture, wetness and flavor. 
For flare I chose the fried garlic bits. Holy yum! I highly recommend these! It added such a punch and crunch. Hey, I rhyme! 
The bowl I created was over $11, but I was just happy to keep it mostly healthful and fresh...and fast, which isn't always so simple to do. 
The only minor complaint I have would be my bowl wasn't as pretty as I would've liked. I say this not only because it wasn't as "Insta worthy" as I was anticipating, and how others seemed to be, but because a lot of the mix ins were at the bottom of the the bowl and the bowl was filled so much I couldn't properly blend. Not a huge deal. Next time I'll just ask for them to be placed side by side instead. 
This area definitely needed a "fast food" option beside Lorenzo's and Wawa and I'm happy it's a healthy one for a change!! Can't wait to return and keep creating my own unique combinations! I think the kiddos will enjoy it also because kids love anything 'make your own'. 
Kiosk meter parking. Lots of spots. There's also a lot under Abbots Square. (Entrance east of TD Bank).The poke bowls here are a pretty good value, you can split one bowl between two people. My biggest criticism is that the two bowls that I tried were verging very heavy on the sweet side rather than savory. I appreciated all the different ingredients in the bowl, but I think the proportion of ingredients was a bit off. For example, my bowl had a TON of pineapple and cucumber in it and way too much sauce. I think if I were to come back, I would modify my bowl and cater it to my preferences. Other than that, the service was very friendly and there was plenty of seating.Love this place!  The fish is fresh, tasty, and you get a TON of food for the money.  I have to be especially hungry in order to finish my bowl.  My favorite is a custom order consisting of 2x salmon, 1x eel, mango, brown rice, and some other stuff that I can't quite remember off the top of my head.  Something they do here that's great is that if you have a particular customization that you love and can never seem to remember it all (like me), they'll store your order for you (the old fashioned way - using a filled out order slip) and you can get exactly what you love each time!
Highly recommend checking this place out.This place knows how to do poke! There is incredible variety with the ability to mix-and-match any combination. Delicious and fresh!! The staff is exceedingly sweet. I will definitely be back.So glad to have this newcomer to Head House Square!  One of the best, fresh, tasty, satisfying, good-for-you lunches I've had in a very long time.  
The price was right -- built my own bowl with salmon, tuna, ponzu and lots of goodies for under $10 -- and they were super nice:  they were quick to put a table and chairs outside for me and my friend because I had my dog along.  And, when I discovered that something on my list was left off, they added it fast and without fuss.
I'm not usually sucked in by food trends (rolled ice cream, anyone?).  But, I think poke is my new obsession.
Hungry writing about it.  Must. Go. Back.This is some gooooood ass poke!! The service is incredible. The manager was very friendly & gave us some free drinks. This is the perfect level of affordability for college students and filled us right up; I'll definitely be coming here more often and recommending this to everyone.This place is great! Fresh fish and fast service! Had the Red Poke Bowl and the Rainbow Burrito. Highly recommended!This review is for corporate catering. I ordered a lunch for 35 people from Red Poke including poke bowls and sushi burritos. Due to a mixup with the online platform I ordered through, the order we received was incorrect. Although this was not the restaurant's fault, the delivery driver quickly called the restaurant, asked them to make more poke bowls, and rushed back to pick it up. She returned and dropped it off free of charge. I appreciate the fact that they went above and beyond to make the order right!
Now moving on to the actual food, it was delicious! The fish tasted fresh and the bowls and burritos had interesting toppings. My personal favorite was the salmon burrito. I'd definitely suggest working with Red Poke for an office lunch!I'm so happy this place is open near me, welcome to the neighborhood!!!! Everything is so fresh n absolutely delicious, can't wait to come back again.This is quality poke. As good as the ones in la.
I hope they stay open for a long time.This place is amazing! Exactly what we needed in this area. Fresh raw fish to make sushi bowls or sushi burritos that are absolutely delicious! Quick and fast service. The place is owned and run by Eddy and Amanda who are so friendly and accommodating. You can even bring a bottle of wine to this BYOB place for a casual night out. This has become my new favorite place. Highly recommend!!!I enjoyed my experience here, food was great and inexpensive.  I recommend this place for an inexpensive healthy meal!Great selection of items, everything tasted absolutely fresh! I had the south street bowl and I loved the variety of items mixed in it.This place is near my work and I love it! Everything is so fresh and tasty. I've ordered online and in store- no issues. The main woman who works there is so nice and even gave my daughter a little cup of mango to munch on while waiting for food when we brought her in one night. Definitely will be coming back again and again.Dis be da great poke spot. True HAWAII flava! Finally, hawaii in Philly. We tryin all the "poke" stops in philly. All the rest basically makin sushi salad, which isn't the same at thing. One bite tonite, and I was right back on North Shore! Make your own, or get one of their specials. All great!This is my go-to when I forget lunch at work. Poke is normally so pricey but theirs is reasonable and they deliver on time and are CRAZY nice. You can build your own bowl or do pre-made. Love me some Red Poke Express!Fresh, delicious, and under 10 bucks!!  Stopped in to try this place after my wife and I formed a craving from Hawaii.  It did not disappoint.  I was pleasantly surprised it came on a bed of warm rice, I had only had it by itself before.  I had the Red Poke bowl per the cashier's suggestion.  It had a mix of raw tuna, edamame, cucumber, onion, seaweed, and a spice, on top of white rice.  Spot on, well done.  Environment is super casual, for a quick bite by yourself, with a friend, or your partner.  Maybe not a date spot.Decent portions and not expensive for Poke.  Everything is fresh, I always wonder why it's so empty inside.First poke bowl experience!!!! And it was AMAZING!!! Make sure you go hungry because I couldn't even finish a build your own bowl let alone the miso soup.
When I stopped in I was the only person in there so I got to make small talk...ask how you actually say poke it's "pohkay"..asked about some of the sauces etc. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful with all of my first timer questions. The restaurant was noticeably clean and glancing at all the ingredients you could tell they were all incredibly fresh.
They suggest some styles of pre-made bowls and burritos then they give you the option of building your own with an awesome check off sheet.
I created my own bowl:
White rice
Tuna and salmon
Cucumber, mango, masago
Spicy mayo and miso glaze 
Avocado, green onion, Kani salad and seaweed salad, sesame seeds and tempura crunchies
They give you a gigantic portion of everything you pick out and don't skimp on anything. I love that they make it right in front of you.
They seriously went beyond my expectations in every aspect..so glad I live so close because I seriously might be here once a week! 
My total for a two protein bowl and a miso soup was almost $13....seriously? Where do you come up with that pricing? I couldn't even finish it and you pay $13 for only one fancy sushi roll anywhere else...
INSANE! 
Pro tip they're offering 10% off until June 30th.This is the first and only poke place I've tried so far but I have become a regular! I get really bad stomachache  eating bad raw fish or sushi so I can tell from the lack of negative response that this place serves up fresh ingredients. I always go for the make-your-own poke bowl option and switch it every time I go here and it comes out delicious every time. Also, the staff are really friendly so it's not even awkward if you dine there alone. At less than $15 for a bowl, you get more full then eating sushi at that price. Definitely recommend!This is my favorite place to get a poke bowl in Philly! All the ingredients are fresh and it's really affordable for the amount that you get. They have gluten-free sauces and are generous with the amount of mix-ins, toppings and fish they give you. Do yourself a favor and try it out!Stopped here for lunch when I was in Philly last. They let you make your own poke bowl or pick one of the standard ones. If you build your own, they're pretty generous with letting you pick toppings.
I had a bowl with yellowtail and tuna and variety of toppings. It was pretty tasty, but wish the fish wasn't cut up so small and there was a bit more fish relative to other toppings. That said the fish was fresh, the spicy sesame oil and shoyu sauce was tasty, as was seaweed salad and mushrooms. I would go back.Fast, fresh, and delicious!  I've eaten here twice, and I love it.  Both times I've chosen to make my own and been pleased with the quality of the ingredients.  A paper order sheet and red pens are near the door and counter for you to make your selections if you want to create your own.  You choose your base of white or brown rice or mixed greens.  Afterwards, you can select various proteins, veggies, fruits, sauces, and crunchy toppings.  You end up with a nice pan Asian flavored salad/rice bowl that's perfect for summer and completely filling.  The people who work there are polite and diligent in making your bowl--they don't just plop a mess down.  If you're nervous about raw fish, there are cooked proteins (shrimp, chicken, eel, and tofu), too.Wow!!! Amazing and a true bang for your buck! GREAT addition to the neighborhood. These guys are crushing the flavor train!  Got the salmon, mango, eel, avocado bowl. Totally worth checking out. Wishing these guys well.Awesome find in headhouse square! It's like chipotle except with poke so what could be better? Plenty of popular bowls to choose from like the rainbow bowl, or you can build your own and have a generous amount of toppings as well. Not the fastest jawn to make, but it's worth the wait. We will make the trip from center city again!Ordered out a make your own bowl, everything came as ordered and extremely quick. The bowl itself was ridiculously good and I can't wait to order again!One of the best poke restaurants that I've been to in the United States. The owners, who are almost always there, Amanda and Ed, are so pleasant and such a nice couple. They really love what they're doing and they have experience in owning previous sushi restaurants In New Jersey. The Fish distributor that they work with is excellent, and on the 5 times that I was there, the quality of the fish, salmon, tuna, and others, was always excellent. their system to build up your poke, requires ( if you do it manually like I do )  that you fill in a piece of paper, and you basically build up your poke based on rice or greens, the fish, and then many different options for toppings / extras/ sauces! This is something unique that I've only seen in red poke. Every single time that I came there, together with different guests,  the Poke that we had was fresh, delicious, and made with love. For the price of about $10-$12 you get a big bowl of poke, which is filling, delicious and fun! Highly recommended.This Poke was incredible. I got the Volcano Signature Bowl. The woman was so friendly and recommended it to me and it was extremely tasty. I definitely recommend.First time here but I've had poke before. The only thing holding this place back from being 5 stars is that I wish i could have added more than one sauce to my bowl. However, all the ingredients tasted really fresh and my order was made quickly with no mistakes!Red Poke Express is an incredible experience! Their seafood is high quality and the flavors are incredible. I made my own bowl with yellowtail, tuna, brown rice, seaweed salad, kani salad, mango, ginger wasabi shoyu sauce and lots of other fun add-ins.
I strongly recommend trying this place out if you're looking for a healthy bite of fresh seafood at am affordable cost!
My only suggestion would be to provide reusable dishes while you dine-in and plastic ware only to-go. We did not see recycling options anywhere for all that plastic, which was sad.I have tried this place about 4 times since it's been open (don't judge me ;) )and haven't had anything I didn't thoroughly enjoy.  They are quick and friendly at the counter and the ingredients are fresh! Extra kudos for labeling the gluten free sauces.  I'm really glad this place is here.So so good! Definitely try it, the ingredients are so fresh and the service is friendly. I can see this place being a new favorite of mineI live just a few blocks from this place and I am so happy to have this as an easy option for food. The ingredients are fresh and I just can't get enough of it. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the ingredients. The soy sauce they use is gluten free and they label which sauces are GF and the sweeteners they use in certain sauces are honey. You can get salad greens as the base and I tried that at my most recent trip and I will definitely do it again. For some reason it seemed like a small bowl to me when I first got one but once I was done I realized it was plenty. I think the prices are reasonable when you take into account how much you would be spending on a similar roll of sushi that had similar ingredients and would be a lot less food in volume. Anyway, I highly recommend this place. It's a fabulous, quick, healthy food option for the area and I'm sooo happy it's here!Good and fresh poke bowls! I made my own bowl with 3 scoops of protein. The fish was fresh and all ingredients had a great taste! I could only wish more toppings and maybe a bit larger bowls with bigger scoops or more rice. Overall this was a good experience but not significantly better than other poke bowl places in Chinatown!Delicious! Very fresh tasting, good rice, lots of toppings options.
I went here with my boyfriend for dinner, but it would make a perfect lunch. I got the smaller poke bowl, which was the perfect amount of food for me. My bf got the bigger one and was still a little hungry afterwards. We both did build your own brown rice bowls with fish. I got the wasabi yuzu sauce which was yummy but maybe a little too much (I usually think salads have too much dressing), and bf got his without dressing. The dried mushroom was very delicious, I guess it was rehydrated because it wasn't really dry but it had an intense mushroom flavor I really liked.
Planning to go back soon!I ordered the Fire Bowl, easy on the Fire, and let me tell you it was delicious! The fresh salmon. The shrimp. A touch of spicy mayo. All over white rice. You can't beat a light healthy lunch like the ones at Red Poke Express.
I ordered thru Yelp and it was ready in a jiffy!
Not my first time there and it won't be my last.I had a volcano bowl with yellow tail and tuna. It was pretty good and they were so nice to put a chair outside for me as I was with my puppy.We poke everywhere and this is quite possibly the best Poké I have had in Philly.  And second only to Poké in Toronto.  The price and quality beat any place I've ever been to and the service is fantastic here. Don't be daunted by parking in the city! There is plenty here.  Love this place!My wife dragged me into this poke place and told me that I "must try it". I'm a smart man to listen to my wife! I ordered a crazy mixture of all sorts of poke, stuff, toppings and sauces. On top there were three different kinds of sushi chunks.  All of it was on a bed of brown rice. I wolfed the whole thing down in three minutes it was so tasty. Do not hesitate to try this place - it was absolutely fabulous.Have been on a poke kick over the last six months and tried the 5-6 spots in the area. Would have to say this is the best of them all. First and foremost, the ingredients are extremely fresh and the place is immaculate. The Salmon and Yellowtail is as good as any expensive sushi restaurant. The Eel is awesome. Ten sauce selections. All ingredients are light and not at all greasy. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  This is the best combination of healthy, delicious and affordable I can think of in the entire city!!Nice, clean, fast lunch. More a takeaway place than eat in but totally acceptable to do so. No table service. No prob. Ingredients fresh and nice. Tastes yummy.I am a huge fan of sushi so decided to give a try to a poke bowl and wow!!
I picked the rainbow bowl and everything was fresh from the avocado, rice and meats ! I did ask for extra tuna cuz raw fish is life. I have difficult finding fresh tuna and this place nailed it!
You can also build your own show in the picture below...
As someone famous once said "I WILL BE BACK"I ride & die for Red Poke Express.  It is fresh and fast and great for sushi addicts.Great food, fast delivery. The wraps and salads are both delicious and the fish is fresh.Just tried this new place tonight and I have to say I think I may be hooked.  I did the create your own bowl and everything was perfect. I got to choose my own base, my own protein, my own toppings and my own sauces. I'll be back, probably sooner than later.This place is pretty awesome. It's become a go-to take out spot for me on days when I forget my lunch at work or when I just want something different. I always go with a build-your-own, two chicken proteins (i'm not super into raw fish) with a bunch of toppings. They have a ton of options and their sauces are awesome. My co-worker always gets a seafood bowl and swears by it. Would definitely recommend as take-out if you're in the area!A lot of the Yelp reviews of this place mention that the reviewers were poke virgins. Although this place is good, it doesn't hold a candle to better poke places I've been to. I wouldn't exactly call myself a poke master, but certainly a poke addict that has made it a point to try and find the best poke spots in New York City, Washington DC, and beyond. I have yet to find an amazing poke place in Philadelphia, and I was hoping that this would be it - but it certainly is not (the best in the area I've found thus far is in Ardmore, if you're curious).
With that being said, Red Poke tries hard, but the piece size (very small) and portion (also small) of the fish you get is sort of disappointing. For the most part, the good flavor is there, but it is completely ruined by the fact that it appears that not all of the ingredients are fresh here (can't say I've ever experienced that at any of the poke places I've ever visited). I love to get something spicy (jalapenos) which is evened out by something sweet (fruit), and Red Poke has two common fruits that you'll find in bowls on the menu - mango and pineapple. Unfortunately, neither tasted fresh and were probably the canned variety. When I finished my bowl, there was a whole lot of fruit that I just left in there uneaten, because the fruit portions were excessive (more fish, less fruit!), and they just didn't taste great.
Also unlike other Poke joints, you fill out a menu card when you order a custom bowl - checking off the ingredients that you want added. This I did think was a good addition, and it ensures that you know everything that you could add to your bowl, and that you get what you want.
All in all, the food was okay, but I probably won't be back to Red Poke. My search will continue for a great Philly poke stop.Great food, but slow service. It also appears that their credit card machine is NEVER working. Of the 5+ times I have been there, it worked only once. Sometimes I pay cash, but mostly I walk out and go elsewhereIt's a great place for a quick poke bowl. Tucked into Queen Village, this place is kind of an oddity - that area is full of eclectic/upper end restaurants, and here you have a relatively cheap poke place. I'm not complaining - we went there for an afternoon snack. The unagi was fresh and warm and one bowl filled both us up really well. It might not be the most inviting place to sit and eat, but it's definitely fantastic food.Incredibly fresh Poke bowls with a lot of variety! Truly one of the best I've had in the area. Ordered off a delivery app at work and did not know what to expect. All of the ingredients were very fresh and blended well together. Planning on stopping into their physical location soon and ordering again at work.It's good.  It's fresh.  It wasn't magical but maybe I ordered wrong.  Very clean.  Nice folks.  Worth a visit.I just discovered this spot - sooo good! It seems to be family run and they are so nice. The service is great and the food is reasonably priced. I'm trying to get the word out to my neighbors :)Delicious poke bowls with all the toppings!! Friendly and fast service too! Definitely better to go with a bowl as the burritos are on the smaller side.Finally got around to trying my first sushi burrito and it did not disappoint! The rainbow burrito was so good and fresh. The staff was really friendly and got my order together really quickly. I'll definitely be back!This place is so great! The staff is so friendly and well knowledged on the type of food they served. I never had a poke bowl and they gave good recommendations.I'd never had Poke before, didnt even know what it was, but it was GREAT here and we definitely will go again. The quality of the fish and everything else was very high, and the service was fast and friendly. Good view of Headhouse Sq. too.Very clean location and one of the best Poke bowls I've had. The ingredients seemed fresh and the spicy mayo sauce was delicious!This place is the best poke I've had in my life. I just introduced my boyfriend to them and he is equally obsessed.One of best poke places I've tried. Food is very fresh and service is great. They give you a decent amount of seafood or chicken with you food.I've been to this place couple of times. I would definitely recommend their sushi poke bowl. The sushi were fresh and the portions were right on. The services were fast and they also have sittings. Definitely is my to go sushi poke bowl store.We chose the build your own bowl option.  Big eye tune and tofu for proteins.  Mango, seaweed, edamame, red onion, cucumber in their classic sauce.  Flavors of ginger, garlic and cilantro made the ingredients sing.
What a great find.  And all for the price of a Hamilton.The ingredients are so fresh! The staff is very nice and the flavors are just great. Highly recommend this place!My rating would probably fall between a 3 and 4 here.  You get a bowl of rice topped with fresh fish and vegetable with your choice of sauces and add-ons.  I typically design my own bowl with white rice, salmon, tuna and hamachi topped with avocado, ginger, seaweed salad, cucumber, radishes and sesame seeds.  My go to sauce is the spicy shoyu.  Add on a green tea and you're running at about $20 which tests the limits of value here.  That being said, Red Poke will fill you up with healthy ingredients quickly.  Certainly can't go wrong here if you crave raw fish.Tried Red Poke Express for the first time for lunch delivery for a work team meeting today - what a wonderful accidental find!!  I had the rainbow bowl - so flavorful, fresh and quality.  The delivery was also very prompt and courteous.  My whole team and I will definitely be coming back very soon.  I would add a picture of my bowl but it was so yummy I inhaled it to fast for a picture!I ordered delivery and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the crazy burrito and the house poke bowl. Both were delicious. The delivery came in about an hour, which is normal. The crazy burrito had a delicious spicy blend with fresh sushi rice, mango, and a spicy sauce. The burrito is a good size and packed with fish. It's a perfect lunch meal. The poke bowl was also awesome. It can with a combination of fishes, edamame, cucumbers, and incredible (maybe pickled) red onion, on a bed of rice. Ifs covered in a spicy mayo that's, of course, amazing. Definitely recommend this for some simple, fresh poke and sushi burritos.