Went here for brunch and had an amazing time!   They used to do bottomless brunch but do to stricter laws they have had to change it to $15 pitchers of bloodys or Mimosas.  Still a great deal as you get a full bottle of champange in each pitcher.  The Deviled Eggs are amazing and as a southerner some of the best I ever had.  The staff is also super friendly and Kim was the best and always made sure our glasses were full !Stopped by for a drink while waiting for an event to start at a nearby theater.  The staff was very friendly in a casual atmosphere.  They have a very wide selection of beers to choose from, mostly in bottles but a couple drafts.  
If you find yourself in Philly and you're searching for a casual place to hang out with friends, I recommend Redwood.A great brunch spot. 
Had a great time with friends here Sunday morning. First of all the location is great for a group of twenty (or thirty :/) somethings to gather and relive Saturday night or just enjoy the day off. The restaurant was cozy, clean, and the staff was friendly and attentive. 
The pitchers were large and well-priced at $15, you get your money's worth. Everyone liked their food.  Again good prices and a great service. I would definitely go back. 
Start off because the food, although good, was relatively standard and nothing spectacular. Also the white sangria, although drinkable, was pretty bad. I'm not sure there was even wine in it. Tasted like simple syrup and vodka. The fruit in it was great.Duck fat fries and deviled eggs don't even mean anything when it comes to this south street highlight. I've been here a few times before this review and every time has been a great experience the bartender Donna is always happily greeting guests and keeping them returning  with her mixology greatness. James is an excellent server who is always on top of everything. When you leave they reset your setting. Talk about having it together. The duck fat fries the deviled eggs the grilled cheese it's all amazing but if I were you I'd have the charcutterie and cheese plates out of all the places I've been this is the most impressive. All around great feel great food great drinks great staff. Come here. Also did I mention there is live jazz? Win. Win. Win.Went here for my birthday with a few friends on a Sunday night. Not busy at 7pm, they have a Sunday BBQ menu, I had the lamb chops and shrimp skewer, the chops were cooked perfectly for me (well) and quite good. My wife has the grilled cheese with crabmeat and called it "..best grilled cheese" she's had! The steak also was cook well and had good flavor. 
They have a decent to above average beer list that's worth checking out on its own. Waitress was attentive and friendly, I'd def go back I'd give a B!I really want to give more than just 5 stars.  I cannot wait to come back.  First of all, the happy hour we attended was great.  Our server (he had blond hair) was the nicest person ever.  He served us and made sure we were always taken care of.
The atmosphere was excellent.  Lots of laughs and as the booze kept flowing, I ended up making friends with two older ladies in their 70's.  It was hysterical.  We did shots together and enjoyed the booze continually flowing.
For a place to be a blast for a 29-year-old and a 70-something... that's great range.  Again if I could I'd give this a 6/5 stars or a 10/5 stars...
Oh and finally.  My friend and I forgot our credit cards and the nice waiter found us on Facebook and let us know they were left behind.  That's AMAZING service.Was really excited to give this place a try! 
I loved the menu and the idea of mimosas always makes me happy! It was THE WORST!!!! When we arrived it was empty which is never a good sign on a Sunday at 11:00! I'm pretty sure our waitress was hungover and the other woman barley greeted us! I ordered a mimosa that was all oj! Then comes the food ugh I asked for medium steak and it was well done and gross! My eggs looked as if a kid made them and were cold! The hash brown were old and soggy! The plantains were the same but cold in the middle! Our waitress was apologetic...hey she didn't prepare it. She brought me a mimosa on the house which was mostly champagne....I'm pretty sure that was no coincidence lol I had a groupon that cost 15 and they comped the rest of the meal but never again!So I gave this place a second try and they did not disappoint.
First time I had an issue with the service.  This time the service was excellent.
 A big group of us (12) arrived late after a show on Thursday night at about 10:30 PM.  It wasn't busy and we were seated right away.  They put together a couple tables to accommodate us with no problem and our drink orders were taken. Drinks came back and food was ordered. We had a couple stragglers come I late and our waitress squeezed in their order just in time as the kitchen closes at 11.  Food came out at a reasonable time, and our waitress made sure our beverages were in order in between.
Five Spice Potato Chips Fried in Duck Fat, Sea Salt - these can't be anywhere close to healthy, but when it taste this good, who cares! A good amouth and great to munch on during conversations! - 5/5
 Charcuterie - Sweet Sopressata Italian, Smoked Duck Breast USA, Smoked Spanish Chorizo, Prosciutto Di Parma Italy. - absolutely delicious! - 5/5
Crabcake - Nothing special. Cooked right, tasted good - 3.5/5
Service - 5/5
Quality - 4/5
Value - 3.5/5
Overall my second experience was great. What you would expect from a higher end restaurant. Decor is great, service was excellent, food was good.  Certainly redeemed themselves after my poor first experience.  Based on my most recent visit, it is a place where I would revist and bring others as well.
Did I mention they had an awesome DJ spinning great music on vinyl!This place is great. Good food and good company. Ryan,  the bartender is really good guy and recommended the mussel soup which was totally righteous. The bar manager Rand was more than nice to me by ordering my favorite beer, Red Tail Ale, to be delivered sometime within the next month. Thanks Rand! If you want good food and drinks and your in the neighborhood come here!I was in town and wandering down south street looking for a warm place to have a glass of wine and a light dinner. I was fairly happy:  Duck frites are amazing. sliders looked good too. Extensive beer list.  They have a good list of wines by the glass but the two glasses I had tasted like the bottles had been open for more than a day.  I sat at the bar. The bartender service was good and he sang along with early 90s R & B playing in the background which is not my thing but faintly amusing.I came here for brunch early Sunday afternoon and absolutely loved it. You can't beat $4 mimosas.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere is really relaxed, and the staff is extremely friendly. My only complaint would be everything was very, very slow and a couple requests (for condiments, napkins) were never acted upon. 
I'll have to come back and try drinks some night to get the full Redwood experience.Just stopped in for a few drinks before a concert next door at The Living Arts Theater. Great selection of beers!! Would absolutely come back and try food next time. Some interesting items on menu.Walked in at felt right at home,  all beers avaliable at room temp,  outstanding,  food great, friendly  mostly,Looking for a place to grab a bite and a few drinks before a show on Saturday, we never had heard of Redwood before so decided to try it.  I'm very glad we did.  The bartender was very helpful and even on a Saturday evening they had good "Shot with a Beer" specials (Jameson and Deschutes! Wowza!)  We ordered a few different things-- Fried Calamari with Thai Chili dipping sauce (3/5) Proscuitto wrapped Asparagas with Balsamic reduction (5/5) and Grilled veggie panini with goat cheese and hummus (4/5 the portabello mushroom dominated the sandwich a bit) 
They were very enthusiastic about what beers were coming up next and the energy was contagious.  Halfway through our time there we realized they were affiliated with Copabanana but even that won't stop me from coming back!  
Also-- Sunday Pajama Brunch was advertised on their specials board and I am very much looking forward to getting a group together for that!Oh boy, what a disaster this place is. Three friends and I were trying to grab an early lunch on South Street before heading back to Scranton from Philly. We picked Redwood because it was 11:30 a.m. most of the restaurants opened at noon and we were all starving and Redwood was open for brunch. 
The layout of this place is odd. It shares a kitchen with Copabanana and the window to the kitchen it right in the middle of the restaurant. There's nothing blocking the view into the kitchen or blocking sounds coming from the kitchen. We sat right next to this pass through window. Big mistake. 
Our server was friendly, I forget his name though. I ordered the Lancaster County Burger, one friend ordered a flat bread, another had the grilled cheese sandwich and the last requested the crab cake Eggs Benedict. Our server had to check on the availability of the crab cakes so stepped over to the window that was three feet from our table and yelled in "Are there any crab cakes?" The kitchen worker yelled back "Yeah, we got some left over from last night!" We should have left right then.
After about 25 minutes the flat bread came out, then about 10 minutes later came the grilled cheese. Then we waited again. Another 10-12 minutes before the Eggs Benedict. Then we waited again. I inquired about the status of my burger twice before it finally came 15-20 minutes after the crab cake. My friends were mostly done eating before my food had arrived. The server was apologetic but I had lost all patience. I actually felt bad for him. The kitchen was uncooperative and I wasn't exactly polite. He did remove my meal from the bill. He remarked that he didn't "know what was wrong with the kitchen today, but the cook is wearing sunglasses." I guess he had a really rough night.
The burger was a preformed, perfectly round, most likely frozen patty with some cheddar cheese, bacon and a fried egg on an onion brioche roll. It wasn't the worst I've ever had. But they've got a lot of nerve serving an absolutely mediocre burger for 12 bucks. It didn't even come with fries!Great food, descent service. Our group really enjoyed the outdoor patio in the back. Quite relaxing and quiet. Great for a nice group conversation after a day in the city.Redwood is still fairly new, don't believe they've hit the year mark yet.  It is run by the same owners of Copabanana South so you know you'll have a good time there.  This restaurant is classy but not so upscale that you can't walk in w/casual clothing on.  I've only been for the afterwork happy hour, which by the way is THREE hours long (5-8) but I plan to go for dinner one night and the Weekend Brunch.  Happy hour offers various deals, my fave being $3 drafts... ANY draft!!  They always have something great on tap and the bartenders know their stuff!!  There are tons of wines too ($1 off during hh I think)!  The small plates are $2-$6 during happy hour!  The food is great, try the lamb or their sesame wings ($6)!This place is good for happy hour drinks. Wednesdays are 30% off bottles of wine, and they've got some decent beer specials. Do not stay for the food. 
Shrimp cocktail was questionable, and the flatbread looked like it was taken out of the freezer. Grilled cheese was boring, and the fries were, well, fried in duck fat. No real complaints there. A place like Redwood is what South Street needs, but simply doesn't cut it. Try harder.I love this restaurant. The food, atmosphere and staff are the best. One of my favorite places to get oysters!!After having dinner here on New Year's I can say the service was fabulous.  The food on the other hand... The lamb was overcooked yet the mashed potatoes were cold. Our reservations were at 7:15 and after ordering we were informed they didn't have enough lamb to serve everyone. I can only imagine coming later to find they were out completely. I would have enjoyed the 80's music a little more if my meal was prepared better. Overall it was a good experience but it could have been so much better.I went here for a Saturday brunch with my aunt and uncle and we were all very pleased. They have a great brunch menu with lots of interesting options. We had the Brunch Burger, Steak and Eggs, and Salmon Benedict. All three were very good, they were accommodating with my request to switch a side. The coffee was strong and delicious, the same can be said for the Bloody Mary's. Our server was super nice and plenty attentive. I'll definitely keep this on a list of places to go in the future.Waited 10 minutes for my drink. Lobster tails (BBQ special) were amazing! The lamb chops were flavorless such a disappointment! Shrimp cocktail was bland as well. The attempt to have a nice BBQ setting was nice ; the prices on the ad and at the place differed so we had to make a note of it to the waiter. Overall it was an okay experience nothing super exciting; probably won't go back though.We went there because they used to have a great bottomless brunch special that everyone raved about.  It's now $15 for a pitcher of mimosas or bloody marys (and they are small wine carafes not pitchers) and the food is mediocre at best- no more bottomless.  I would probably prefer to pay a $5 more for brunch and go somewhere with better food.  Philly is fun of great food so removing bottomless brunchfrom redwood makes it lose the draw of going here. The waitstaff was friendly so it was not a terrible experience, but I won't be back anytime soon.I actually feel irritated that I had to choose a star to rate to begin with in order to write my review. Came in to Redwood today for brunch, walked into the middle of the restaurant and waited for a random waitress to tell us to just seat ourselves. Another random human brought us menus. When we finally asked for our orders to be taken, the Olive Oil waitress with the personality of a pea, possibly mute..... took our order. 30 minutes later when the food came, my panini and fries were cold and the birthday girls chicken and waffles was not only cold but the chicken was burnt to a black crisp all the way around and dry as a cedar plank. After we flagged the waitress down to come back and check on how our meals were going, 10 mins into being served, we asked for her meal to be taken back. She stared longingly into my friends eyes for about 10 seconds before saying, soooooo would you like something different? .... yes. Yes we would actually. Not at any moment during my meal or when my friend asked for a new meal did the waitress ever come and ask how our meals were. Or if she was now satisfied with her newly ordered meal. She didn't remove dirty dishes and actually didn't speak or make eye contact for the rest of the time in the restaurant. We eventually flagged her down to get our bill. Not to mention the place was EMPTY and yet the tables were sticky asked and dirty looking. Never going back ever again. P.s. the sangria is watery and flavorless. That is all.Well to start off redwood is disgusting. We went for brunch and started off getting a pitcher of bloody mary's. I was expecting there to be alcohol in them but the only thing I left with was a bad stomach ache and having to run to the bathroom an hour later. Worst part was I was still sober. The bar is also very dirty. There were flies all over bar and other various bugs. I ordered the fried chicken and waffle meal and the chicken was drier than a 95 year old woman's....  My girlfriend ordered the 3 cheese grease monster that was pretty much inedible. The only good thing about this bar Is the impressive beer list.Terribly slow service, misadvertised prices, mediocre food.  We went for the seashore BBQ event and the only reason I didn't give 1 star is because the guy manning the grill did it well.  His food was good, the stuff brought from the kitchen was bad.Great, great place.  The hummus is wonderful, and you won't believe the portions.  Their cheese plates come with nuts and mustards and fruits that compliment the cheeses perfectly.  Not to mention, it all comes out on a slab of blue stone.  To continue the rant on the small plates, the chips are great: anything that's fried in duck fat typically is.
While its a little too expensive for a college student to make my regular place, its definitely one worth frequenting.  The beer selection is sublime.  The food is incredible.  The atmosphere is flawless.  The servers are as cool as they come.  
Its conveniently located right next to the TLA, perfect for dinner and drinks before or after a show.  
If you're on South Street and the lines at Jim's and Lorenzo's are too long, have some cheese and beer in their outdoor seating at the back of the restaurant.Stopped in for a drink on Friday March  13th. I was waiting for my husband to meet me. Bartender was very unenthusiastic. A guy next to me asked the bartender if he could put on college basketball. The bartender handed him the remote and let him struggle as the cable box was low behind the bar, obviously not set up for patrons to operate. All the while the bartender stood to the side with a tooth flosser picking at his teeth while he chatted with two waiters about the guys channel selection. It's unfortunate because it's a cute place with potential but I can't imagine why I would return.We had donna for a server, she was the NICEST server we encountered all evening. The food menu looked incredible, we would have eaten there if it wasnt 1:30am and the kitchen was closed. She made me a drink called Garden Crisper and it was incredible. LOVE her. Going back when shes working, shes the only server i want to give my money to.Creative, healthy yet decadent tasting, sandwiches, beverages.  Gluten free breads and baked goods options.  Curried Chicken salad wrap was huge and very sharable.  Dark, cozy, odd seating on menagerie of furnishings -- some tables, some coffee tables, some side tables.  Two large vintage/antique couches.  Close at 6pm, but will serve right up to that moment.  Been there twice in one week since discovering them, plan to bring someone new each time to help keep them thriving (but not too much so I might not get a seat!).  Cash only, but ATM on site.  Prices reasonable for high quality ingredients.sooooooo, this place sucks.  We wanted a different place that would accomodate 10ppl.  I will say the drinks were good and the server TRIED hard.  Aside from that, it sucked.  We were here for brunch.  The potatoes were the SICKEST.  They were grey and undercooked and tasted just like salty dirt.  They literally crunched.  They kept bringing out waffles that weren't ours.  The food came out at random intervals and after waiting 10mins for our friend to get his food, I dug into a mediocre eggs Benedict.  It was ice cold.  Like colder than understandable for the wait for his food.  I tried my friends omelette.  I will never recover from that experience.  Spinach, goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes and over cooked eggs are WAY too much going on.  Then we got what we thought were beignets.  They were out of powdered sugar!!!!!! Thanks for telling me before we ordered it.  Also, they were NOT beignets.  They were more like Greek style donut holes w/honey and sugar.   By the end, they had jazz, which was nice but a little loud to enjoy conversation in this little spot.  I think Id be back to drink, but take a BIG pass on the food.  The chef SUCKS!!!!!I found this to be your typical singularly owned relatively nice looking bar that doesn't do too much to make it anything but that. They have plenty of specials and a good location, but nothing that made this memorable or that pleasant.
My friend and I sat at the bar and the bartender soundly ignored us for a bit even though it wasn't that busy. Forgot our order a good 3 times and then admitted it was one of those days. I can understand that, but then he proceeded to tell us just HOW pissed he was at the stressful day, even though it seemed pretty tame in there. I usually don't mind to hear a guy out, but it got a little extreme. 
The owner or manager was nice and gave us free shots for the wait on things, so that was nice, but then our food was brought out...cold, and not good anyway. went for some oysters too and they were way small and not the freshest. They were out of the two things we originally ordered and our drinks were a little overpriced for what they were. I don't think we'll be back as there is no reason to.My Mom and I were exploring South Street and growing increasingly hungry with each block. A number of restaurants line South Street and its side streets--lots of dive bars, some ethnic selections, some high end eateries. Redwood offered a short menu, but one that alluringly combined the characteristics of all of its neighboring establishments. The only thing that caused us to hesitate was the fact that it was completely empty aside from a couple patrons slumped over the bar. Concerned by the lack of other diners, we nevertheless decided to enter the warm bistro. 
A bar lines the entire left side of the entryway, offering an excellent selection of craft beers on tap, including rare seasonal brews like Troëggs Mad Elf, which my mom and I both opted for. Perhaps even more impressive than their selection of beer on tap, though, was their wine on tap.  Yes, that's right. They have wine on tap--six white and six red to be exact. They also have a list of cocktails that sounded divine, but we just stuck with our Mad Elf, which did not disappoint in the least. 
The menu offers a few appetizers, sandwiches, and entrées, and a short dessert list that begins with chocolate-covered bacon. I would describe the food as high-end twists on classic pub food: potato chips in duck confit, or, my selection, a wonderful grilled cheese with gourmet cheeses, caramelized onions, and roasted red peppers. My mom ordered a portobello sandwich on an herb focaccia, which was also delicious. 
The staff was great and incredibly helpful. The bartender overheard our beer order and had the beer poured and ready for us before the waiter even left our table. Our waiter seemed to be a manager, and he explained that they just opened a month or so ago and had not done much advertising. 
Before we left, a couple other parties had entered, and I hope that even more came in later. This is an excellent restaurant that deserves far larger crowds than it currently attracts.We eat here whenever we are on South Street. Every single time we go here I'm amazed it isn't more crowded. Hummus with basaltic reduction, sesame honey chicken, grilled cheese...omg, and the mixed drinks!  Love the black pearl. 
The boyfriend is in love with the food, the sports on the TV, and the huge beer selection. We've loved every bartender and waitress we've gotten. 
The atmosphere is upscale and the food tastes like it should cost 3 times as much. Don't miss a visit here!I purchased a deal from Groupon for an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert. I asked the bartender if we could sit at the bar eventhough we had the Groupon deal, thinking table service was the only we could do with the deal. We started with Calamari which it was really good. My husband and I had steak for the entree, unfortunately both were over cooked but taste was good, the dessert was alright since I'm not into sweet. The reason I gave 4 stars is our bartender John was superly good, he was very attentive. The beer selection was great. The fact that the location is on South st, normally it will be lil bit pricey but not this place!! They do have really good deal during happy hour. I can say that I like his place.I really enjoyed my meal.  I liked my drink and they had great drink specials that night.  My date hated, and when I say hated, I mean LOATHED the flatbread he ordered.  He said it was horrible and didn't taste good at all.  It wasn't GREAT but it wasn't the worst thing either.  The bread that the "flatbread" was on apparently was the issue here.  I really liked the location because you can people watch right on south street!  I thought it was a solid bar with decent bar food!  If it was broken down, it would be 5 for drinks, 4 for my meal and 1 for his.  Three would be a fair middle ground.Had a great evening with friends here. They had a cute patio in the back which is plus. However, I ordered a margarita that was not so great. But I guess that's my fault as this isn't a Mexican styled bar.Me and my sister came here for a quick chill dinner. I got the mini 5 beers they offered for 5 bucks it was actually good except one tasted like dirty water which I didn't finish. They offer small plates so we got the oysters? Calamari and margarita flat bread. Oysters were ok, calamari was good and I liked the sauce but the flat bread sucked! The cheese came off right when I got a slice so I basically ate tomato sauce on bread. Te bartender was nice tho. Over all it was an OK experience doubt I'll go back again.Brunch here is pretty average in my opinion well with the exception of the $15.00 bottomless mimosas. There are only about 6 brunch options in  total mostly egg dishes and a waffle and pancake option. I ordered the crabcake benedict it was a decent size portion. The  hollandaise needed salt/pepper  as did the eggs, but the crab cake was pretty good more crab than filler.My friend and I split an order of hash browns they were not like normal hash browns just potatoes cut up but the kitchen cooked them in buttery/oily  goodness and they were the perfect thing to semi cure my hangover. I probably wouldnt go back for brunch but they have a pretty extensive beer fridge and they offer specials mondays and every night after 10pm.Cute small plate place with nice bar.  Really really liked this place - great service, good food, and nice drinks.  Their beer selection is fantastic and have a few TVs for whatever is playing.So I arrived back tonight after some not so much a good experience a year or so ago.  Tonight was a new experience.  I walked into thr same bar but a much nicer experience.  There was John.  The bartender who made me some kick ass straeberry white wine sangrias.  I had the Seard Scallops on a bed of Roasted Corn, Avocado, and Pickled Red Onion and a small plate and a bar bite of Parmesan Truffle Fries.  Super delicious.  So like me who ventured into a place not so long ago and would never trek into again...I am asking to give it another try.  You will like it!Good food but Pricey!  The calamari was amazing! Pretty long list of beers. 
The service although friendly was very very VERY slow!This is a pretty cool place. The ambiance is great and there is plenty of seating. The food was not great but granted, I only tried one thing; I am definite going to go back and try the burger because it looked great. 
The service was wonderful! Both our servers, Kelsey and Nikki were really friendly and helpful. 
The beer list was phenomenal! They also sell beers to go so it is a good place to get some stuff to take home.Great wine list!  Great cocktails!  Friendly servers.  And a happy hour special that runs until 8:00 pm!  
We went here on a Thursday night, and were pleasantly surprised to find happy hour was still going on at 7:00 pm.  $1 oysters and $5 select wines $3 select beers.  I was so pleased.  We never make happy hour specials because we both have late nights most weekdays.  
To start we could not turn down the $1 oysters!  I wish I remembered what kind they were because they were delicious!  Light and fresh!  
I ordered the cioppino which was spicy and came with a ton of seafood, including a whole half of crab!  A bunch of mussels, shrimp and scallops.  Delicious!
My girlfriend ordered the duck panini which was sweet and tangy.  I was very impressed.
Over all,  our experience was delightful and I am looking forward to going back!Closer to 3.5, but this place definitely surprised me. My friends and I just got to Philly and I had to stop in here to use the mens room. I walked by a really nice bar area near the window which brought in a lot of light, passed by a cute asian waitress, and hit the brakes not for her(lol...i checked her again on the way out), but for a fridge they also had full of craft beers. Stared...and then drooled. Then after the bathroom went outside and told my friends we should give it a try. The food was presented well and not just thrown on a plate. The wings were pretty delicious and stood out among the other things we ordered. The duck fat fried chips were delicious, but with 3 people it can go fast. We had to wait a little as well since there were some technical difficulties.  The beer selection was great, but happy hour beers are somewhat limited. I had the raging bitch which our waiter loved to say over and over again. He was funny and was pretty attentive. We sat outside in a little area enough for 2 parties of 4-6 and a table for 2-3. I think it may not be a great place to have a full dinner, but it's a nice spot to grab a few drinks and appetizers.I wanted to give this place 3 stars but something about this place just doesn't make sense. First of all it's on South Street which automatically means that it's going to attract many walk-ins. I was really surprised when we showed up with a reservation at 7:30 on a Friday night and there wasn't a single soul in the dining area.  There were a handful of people at the bar but they seemed to be friends/relatives of the staff. The atmosphere made me a bit hesitant to stay but it takes me a lot to get up and leave a place, especially since I already purchased the Yelp Deal.  The music was just incredibly loud and mostly Top 40s which didn't seem to fit with the rest of the restaurant. The beer and wine menu, while impressive, was completely unnecessarily long and overwhelming. It took me 2 tries to order a beer that they actually had available that night (despite having listed them on the menu) and my girlfriend nearly had a meltdown trying to figure out what to order to drink since they have probably over 70 beers, 20 wines, and a mix of cocktails (not exaggerating on the beer options).
We finally settled on drinks and then it was on to the menu.  Our server informed us that they were out of their flatbreads which pretty much took away 20% of the menu options.   We opted for the Calamari, the Grilled Cheese with Prosciutto, and the Beef Braised in Burgundy Pannini.
The Calamari was perfect, some of the best I've had in Philly.  The sauce they served it with was spot on with a bit of a sweet and spicy kick to it.  The Calamari was fried perfectly without too much breading and the pieces were pretty big.
The Grilled Cheese was good as well but it's not hard to mess us a Grilled Cheese with Prosciutto.  The Beef Braised in Burgundy sandwich was my favorite. The beef was tender and very flavorful.  My one complaint was that neither sandwich came with any sort of sides (fries, salad, etc).  They kind of looked lonely and small without anything accompanying them on the plate.
Our service throughout the meal was average. Our server was honest with us and straight up told us what not to order on the menu because it wasn't "perfected" yet. I found that interesting but appreciated the candid advice.
Overall the food was probably a 4 but this place really just needs to figure out what it wants to be because between the service, the menu, the atmosphere, the food, and the music, it's just all over the place.So they tried having a Maryland style crab feast here. Which went terribly wrong. 
My family and I were in the back outside. From 6:45 - 9:30 my cuzin never got her cheeseburger. the crabs were mushy. Because they cooked dead crabs. So I ordered clams in white sauce which was like eating a bowl of salt. I never been there before and won't be going back!
Please change your cooks or teach them that they can't cook dead crabs that have been dead for a long time. The inside is completely mushy. And seafood doesn't need a ton of salt to be good. And please please don't forget about the customers who sit outside it shouldn't take 20mins for a drink!We visited Redwood for brunch this Sunday and unfortunately did not find it to be a place worth revisiting. The reason for our visit was the groupon, but even the discounted price could not justify the 3 minute walk to Redwood from our residence. We started off with the oysters which had distinctly "off" taste which could only be masked by by the vinegar based sauce they were served with. Despite being 2 of the 6 customers in the entire establishment on a Sunday mid morning, service was painfully slow. My fiancee ordered the brunch burger medium rare, but upon arrival 45 minutes after ordering it looked like a hockey puck that had been grilled twice. The bloody mary I ordered was too thick and I could barely drink it through a straw due to the amount of horsradish the bartender used. The time it took the food to arrive made it not worth re-ordering. The bald bartender was too engaged singing to the music that was playing and generally doing nothing to check on our table, and the short female server literally only stopped by our table twice (to take our order and present our check). When presented with the groupon the server seemed confused and stated "This will probably take a while, I need to find the guy that knows what to do with this." Despite the fact that we wasted over an hour of our Sunday we patiently waited without complaint. The "guy" responsible for redeeming the groupon eventually came in the restaurant, presumably from the Copa Banana and spent another 10 minutes dropping the F-Bomb and BS'ing with the bartender before coming to our table, redeeming our groupon and giving us our check. 
I have lived in Philly for two weeks now and already know there is substantially better restaurants to spend your time and money on. Below average at best. Stay away.Half Price Bottle of wine Wendesday!?!?!  Situated beside the TLA, Redwood is a snazzy little addition to the South Street area.  The place was a bit quiet, and I really can't figure out why!  We dined alfresco and took advantage of many of the awesome specials they had.  First, my friend and I shared a cold bottle of pinot grigio on a warm summer day to celebrate her birthday.  We also split the margarita flat bread which was part of many $6 appetizer specials.  It was delicious with lots of fresh mozzarella and very tasty bread.  Our server was really friendly and outgoing and he really made our dining experience awesome.  He left us alone to hang out and catch up, but it was like he could read our minds to know when we wanted him to come back; a perfect balance.  For my 'entree' i had the tofu satay skewers which came with a pesto garlic sauce on them.  They were a hair salty, but mainly just delicious.  All in all, I really enjoyed this place, and for the price point, its a great deal!  I'll definitly return!I went straight after work to grab a bite to eat before meeting up with friends to drink. Everything was great.
Food want to pricey and was delicious. Ihad the salmon french fries and spinach I got fries cause they didn't have mash potatoes.Never ate at the place even though the wife works nearby so we we decided to give it a shot since we were in the mood for a burger.  We considered an entree but they were all in the $20-25 range and that seemed excessive compared to the sandwich menu that all came in the $10-14 range.
The server (whose name escapes me) was great - knew the menu and specials and beer inside and out, was friendly and attentive.  The best thing about Redwood.
The beer list was pretty impressive, though a lot of it was a bit pricey.  It helped that we were there during Happy Hour since all tap beers were $3.  We are not wine people though it sure looked like they had a good assortment.
We both had burgers and were a bit surprised that they didn't come with any side items for $11.  So she got fries and I got the asparagus.  The server delivered the sides first, like appetizers, which was fine.
The asparagus was wrapped in prosciutto which was tasty but totally overpowered the asparagus - you could barely taste it beneath the salty pork.  It was also quite difficult to bite into.
The fries were very tasty - at first.  The small shoestrings were fried in duck fat making them quite flavorful, even more so since they were seemingly smothered in garlic.  However the fries on the bottom of the paper were greasy and the dipping sauce was bland.  The more you ate, the more you had to stop eating.
The burgers were not worthy of a "bistro," unfortunately.  I think they were the same burgers that I used to get for $5 a pop on special next door at Copabanana (they are owned by the same people and share the same kitchen) a few years back.  Oh sure, they put it on an onion-brioche bun that was soft and tasty, but the burger itself was not cooked as ordered (she ordered rare, got medium to med-rare; I ordered Pittsburgh Rare and got well done) and the only flavor was way too much Montreal Steak Seasoning.  I like that flavor when I cook at home, but in this case, it seemed like it was being used to mask the meat that I suspect was frozen rather than enhance it.
The check with a tip came to $51 and this was with our beers being half price for happy hour.  Otherwise we would have spent over $60 and there are way too many bars and pubs in Philly with great beer options where you can eat similar food for far less money, or pay the same for considerably better food.I come here for their happy hour, I would have to say the shoestring potatoes cooked in duck fat and drizzled with truffle oil is one of my favorite things on the menu.  Other favorites are their margarita flatbread and sesame wings.  The servicers are witty and make you feel just like you are at home.  I would strongly recommend this place.If you are on South Street (below Broad Street) and are looking for some quality food (especially if you're a food and beer snob like me) I suggest this place. 
Their dishes are unique yet maintain the simple and traditional feel. 
They have a great beer and wine selection and I suggest if you ever want To-Go beer that is good- GET IT HERE. They allow 1/2 off individual bottles when purchasing 6-packs to go. If you go and purchase craft beer to-go at any other bar, the price will be astronomical. I think this is one of Redwood's valuable qualities.Stopped in for one quick beer on a Saturday night.  There weren't a lot of people sitting at tables, but the bar was pretty full - we got the last two bar stools.  Beer list was decent, service was a little slow at times but also decent.  We didn't have any food, so I can only comment on the beer/bar service.  It was okay.  Nothing to rave about, but an alright place to have a drink!I'm a sucker for a good happy hour on a Saturday, and Redwood looked like a real winner before our Turkish dinner nearby.  Unfortunately, it was pretty disappointing from start to finish.  
We snagged a nice two-top in the window for people watching and ordered a cocktail and a solid cask beer.  Mixed drink was pretty good, but not inexpensive, even on happy hour prices.  The beer was great, but the server brought it over two-thirds full (literally).  I got a little agitated and decided to send it back, which did not appease the bartender or the server.  
The oysters were an absolute disaster and we shouldn't have eaten them.  If I hadn't just sent back a beer, these would have gone back as well.  They were horribly cleaned, and they didn't cut the mussel, so they were tough to get out of the shell.  Do not order these if you happen to drop by.
The wings are ok, but for $6 at happy hour, they bring you seven small wings, which is not much of a deal.  The bigger issue was my second beer that came out exactly the same as the first:  two-thirds full!  This time I didn't hesitate to shoot it back again, which the server scoffed at.  
Overall, I don't see us making a return visit here.Our bartender said Redwood had only been around for 3 months and some change, which really showed. It's bright, and the booths are probably some of the best I've ever had the privilege to sit in. No, really. I'm not going to say sitting in their orange booth fixed alll of my lower back problems. But I'm also not going to not say that.
Great beer selection (lots of crafts and local brews). I enjoyed the Kilty Pleasure and some sort of Pomegranate beer. They also had my favorite beer of all time Saison DuPont at a reasonable price. The kicker is that they will also sell you 6-packs to go (limit two sixers per person).
Would definitely recommend coming here!Discrimination at its finest. Im not black, but I was with a group of fine black friends. I felt like I was in a wasps nest with all the staff sly remarks and mention of policies! I had to shake off feeling uncomfortable but it didn't help when I was charged less than all my friends... It was unreal. In anycase.. Food was salty and not good.One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. I'm almost tempted to adjust my other 1-star reviews upward after this experience because it was truly awful. 
My group and I landed here because we were wandering around and feeling rather peckish. We happened upon Redwood (this neighborhood seems to lack restaurants, or at least ones open on Sunday mornings), checked it out on the Yelp app and decided to give it a try. It had 4 stars from a dozen reviews. Their sandwich board outside boasted a brunch menu and small plates. Seemed like a pretty safe bet.
It was a disaster from start to finish. I mean that. They claim to serve brunch, but at 11:30am on a Sunday morning, they didn't know if they had any coffee. (The coffee they eventually brewed and brought to me was fine, though Mini-Moos and a mostly empty sugar bowl were a decidedly diner-like touch in a place that thinks it's a raw bar/charcuterie/tapas joint). Our server seemed eager to sell us bottomless mimosas or bloody marys (at $15, not a bad deal) but we all passed.
Our table was located next to a poorly arranged service area, allowing us a full show of kitchen sights and sounds as well as service/kitchen staff interactions. It became quite clear that their kitchen (and POS system) is shared with with the adjacent Copabanana (presently rated at 2.5* here on Yelp, not generally a good sign). Other atmosphere issues included the two flatscreens tuned to channels showing nothing but infomercials for the duration of our visit and the sloppy looking adhesive-laden panels to which they were mounted.
I settled on the crab cake Benedict after verifying that the crab meat used was lump. When the server shouted into the kitchen inquiring whether they had any crabcakes, the kitchen replied that they had made some last night. Great. At least I had reasonable assurance that I'd be eating something less than 18 hours old. My companions ordered a flatbread, a grilled cheese, a burger and an order of fries. The fries emerged first and appeared to be unseasoned, overcooked Potato Stix. It was a large portion and came with three dipping sauces: beef broth (I wish I was kidding), a milky, garlicky herbed liquid of thin, foamy consistency and some other forgettable sauce that was at least serviceable as a dip.
Dishes arrived at considerable intervals. The flatbread one companion ordered actually sat in the window for several minutes with a random cloth napkin making contact with it. I was told it was pretty good. The next dish to arrive was the grilled cheese, accompanied by a fistful of undressed arugula and two gherkins. I was told that sandwich was okay. It had three different cheeses on it along with prosciutto, how bad could it be? Those two diners were nearly finished with their dishes when my Benedict landed on the table. Yikes. 
This abomination was two off-brand English muffins, barely toasted, each topped with an enormous deep-fried crabcake, a perfectly poached egg, and perhaps a teaspoon (if that) of whatever they thought was Hollandaise (it was remarkably similar to the milky "dip" provided with the fries). To the side was a 1/2 cup portion of very sad looking (and most likely previously frozen) fried potatoes and peppers as well as an assortment of mixed fresh/frozen fruit that I'd be embarrassed to put on a plate. Maybe eight blueberries, a quasi-fresh strawberry, a flaccid thawed strawberry and some cantaloupe. I was hesitant to ingest it given the clear lack of emphasis on freshness here.
The crabcakes, despite their generous portion, also included an obscenely unacceptable amount of crabshell. I was able to get through one cake with just about five pieces of shell, but the second cake was loaded with so much that I simply gave up - some pieces were as large as fingernails. The cakes were severely underseasoned and had a bizarrely creamy texture. At least the eggs were perfectly poached.
The fourth member of my group finally received his burger after many promises from the server that it was almost done. I was most of the way through my meal when it finally arrived, despite a request to simply cancel the order. (It had been well over an hour that we had been seated and we were one of only four or so occupied tables in the place). The burger itself was a pre-formed disc one would find at the grocery store and there was nothing special about it. It came with no sides. 
Our server was clearly overworked/hung over and dealing with an equally hung over/entirely inept kitchen staff. While he was not unfriendly, he was not what I'd consider a good server and did not appear to put all that much effort into ensuring we had an adequate dining experience. 
Overall, atrocious and embarrassing. They masquerade as some upscale "small plate" bistro and fail on every point. This is a cash grab. You might have a good time at the bar here and they do appear to have a commendable selection of beer and wine. For a meal, however, absolutely go somewhere else.This place is horrible, the staff isn't too professional and to have tables right by the kitchen window isn't a good idea. Ironically this is where we sat at. While waiting the cook was loud. But what followed took the prize. At the server area by the kitchen window there was a roach. Once we saw that we were gone! Good thing we didn't get that food! Gross!I've never sat at a restaurant for 20 minutes waiting to exchange a coffee mug of cold water for hot water. Apparently it takes 2 waitresses and 2 reminders for that issue to be resolved. As I sat there fiddling with the strange box of tea I was brought out to pick from at brunch -- I just knew we were in for a ride. 
If someone comes 15 minutes late for your party wants to eat - it means waiting 40 minutes after everyone else has gotten their food at odd intervals. 
Enjoy that glass of water you got at the start of the show, because nothing else is coming. And the patio chairs you're sitting on - oh yeah, they're busted. 
I was even trying to eat smart - my salad was okay --- but it didn't even have the salad dressing on it that was advertised. Add in the other problems my fellow diners were having, and I just gave up and ate it 'as is'. I will definitely not be heading back here. Ever.When we arrived, we were told to seat ourselves.  Someone approached our table and basically threw us our menus. When we received our food, the oysters were warm with the ice almost melted  and the fries were cold. One waitress on a Saturday night on South Street. We won't be coming back here.