Recently went to Reen's based on a recommendation of a  friend.  We liked our first experience so much we went back about 4 times in the last month.  My first visit I walked in and ordered at the counter the pulled pork, ham and cheese hoagie and some chicken salad.  Both sandwiches were delicious.  Not a fan of the chicken salad.  It was good just not to my taste.  The sandwiches have good quality bread, loaded with meats and toppings and well prepared.  The guy behind the counter was friendly and attentive.  Great experience!   So why three stars?  Inconsistent experience.  Next time I called the order in to Reen.  Person who took the order not nearly as friendly.  Picked it up, took it home and several things in order incorrect or missing.  No cheese, no peppers on the side not nearly as much meat or toppings as previous experience.  Third time, went in to order and again really good customer service and sandwiches.  Need I tell what happen when we call in another pickup...no need,  right?  I think we will continue to frequent Reen's when in the area, if we have time to go in and order.  In our experience they seem more attentive if you are in the deli.  No more call in and pickups for us.Food is good, service could be better, hate how they walk away as I'm placing order. Good hoagies! Great pricesGrew up in Parkwood back in the 70's and Reen's was team sponsor. I haven't been back in the area for 30 years and found myself there today on business. I went by the deli and saw how much bigger the store is now (back in the day it was tiny!). I had a simple ham & chesse hoagie and it was perfect. Perfect. Great roll, better meat and chesse. Overall, they were fast, clean, and friendly. I shall be back! (this time in less than 30 years...)I've been going to reens for 30+ years and I rarely leave disappointed.   The hoagies are awesome and the meat is fresh.  The prices are fair and the staff is always friendly and attentive. 
Favorite sandwich
Turkey club- outstanding !Love this place always fresh and greeted with a smile , local family business. Much more than a deli, hot food also served. Best Breakfast sandwiches around , reasonable prices.Some coworkers were going for lunch so I thought I'd give it another try.  This time I found hair in my lunch.  Need I say more.Gets a huge plus for their chicken salad which my wife loves.  The hoagies are well made and they have plenty of drinks in the refrigerators.  
They can get very busy at peak times for lunch and dinner, so be prepared to wait some from the young sandwich making staff.So I stopped in for a hoagie and a soda to go. The staff is yelling at each other over the counters about orders and who took what pickups messed up people are rude as a lot of customers trying to get their food no type of order as to who goes next or call them people know thank you know hello there's a layer of dirt around the counters on the glass and it's around the counters on the glass and it's not from kids touching the glass either the lady threw my sandwich at me to the counter I get up to the front I'm going okay it does he even know what this says he misses me up for something I didn't even have that was less than what it was supposed to be if I wasn't honest and telling them I would have been under charged it seems like it's a bunch of kids running the place and no type of organization there's no adults there's no adult there doing anything then nasty hand washing not happening people touching through their hair their calves their clothes some people wearing gloves over behind the counter some people without gloves I really pray that I did not get food poisoning I really stop eating I didn't eat all my food, and it didnt have all the topping on it. IM REALLY UPSET NOW money down the drain.Great hoagies, Charlie chips, Franks sodas, stocks cakes!!! Service is great and the young guy that rings up is always there and fast to get you out the door on Friday nights!Here's a secret: in their case for hot food...they have pulled BBQ chicken. Get it on a hoagie roll with your favorite cheese. It's the best $6 you'll spend on lunch!!!Visited this deli based on other reviews and wasn't disappointed I did. It's in a strip shopping center. Plenty of parking. I had the chicken salad hoagie with lettuce tomato and onion with sweet peppers and provolone cheese. Cost $6.00. Lots of drink choices from 12 oz bottles to two liter bottles. They also have hot items available for ready to eat dinner family style in case you don't feel like cooking. I'll definitely return when in town.Best Hoagies in the Northeast. I've heard some people say that the wait is really long, but don't listen to those reviews. I've never waited more than 10 minutes, and it's worth it for a good hoagie. Their selection of hot foods is extensive as well (try the paninis). If you don't feel like walking in and waiting, you can order online and they'll have it ready for you at your specified time! They also deliver on Grubhub if you're lazy. Seriously love Reens.We LOVE Reen's Deli! We order food from there more than once a month. Normally we get hoagies there (my favorite is spicy turkey and you have to try their seeded rolls-- you'll love them!!) but I've recently tried their breakfast and really enjoyed that too. We don't get German potato salad anywhere else and their hoagie dip is also delish. I've had a chicken Cesar salad there a few times and I liked the flavor of the chicken and the dressing... I also thought the small size was really big and had a lot in it. All of the guys that work there are friendly and very nice. You're crazy if you're in the area and haven't tried Reen's yet!Solid deli.  Pick up your Deitz and Watson cold cuts, grab a sandwich or hoagie and a cold drink.  Pleasant people behind the counter.
Stop by if you're in the area and need lunch, but no need to go out of your way for it.I love Reen's hoagies! They are big with plenty of meat. The staff is always professional and the service is quick.  I love to pick up a piece of Stock's pond cake for desert!Reen's has been a Parkwood institution for 40 years or so I am told. I have been here a few times when I'm working in the area. And I have tried a few items off their vast menu. Their salads and wraps are really good and very generous in their servings. But I was not happy with their sandwich's maybe it was just the person making it, but they could sure have more to them. And the hoagie I had was the worst I ever had, hopefully it not their norm. But all in all a real solid deli and I will be back!Their prices are good, theyir serving sizes are good, the turnaround time is quick. All in all, this is a great lunch spot. You can call ahead with your order so it's ready by the time you get there to just pick it up and go. When you become a regular, they know you by name! My staples are the egg sandwiches, club sandwiches, and salads. Hard to go wrong!I worked in a pretty popular deli for 10 years and I can say I'm a deli snob I can spot a bad one a mile away. When I 1st moved near Reens I could tell right away that this was a good deli. I go in once a week for lunch meat and we have always had them do either sandwiches or lunch meat trays for any party we have. The staff all look like neighborhood guys and girls and they are always good to the customers! I would recommend this deli any day of the week, not like that roach infested trash hole bi-rite deli a couple blocks down. Reen's is the best deli in the neighborhood.I'll sound like a broken record but I have the same issue everyone else does... no consistency.  I can order the same meal three times and depending on who makes the sandwich or salad it is completely different.  The good used to out weigh the bad but lately everything has been crappy.Wanted a hoagie today and heard about this place Reens from a few locals.  I got two hoagies which were horrible.  The rolls were stale and the lettuce was brown.  When I walked in I thought about getting potato salad until I looked at it in the case and it was brown.  Needless to say I've been on the toilet ever since I finished my last bite.Reens caters every family party we have. Everything on their party menu is super tasty and worth the money. However, every time I've ordered a hoagie or sandwich to go, it doesn't deliver. I just ordered a tuna hoagie - it's the blandest most dry tuna hoagie I've ever had. However, when I've gotten them on a hoagie tray, I've never been disappointed. Maybe the kids behind the counter making sandwiches at lunch don't try as hard as the people who prepare the catered orders?? Also, the service isn't the best. I always feel rushed and hurried and sometimes like a bother to the workers when I order.Nothing but good food and good experiences here - whether it's an American or Italian hoagie, Corned Beef Special, or my personal fave, the Lebanon Bologna hoagie.
They've catered my family events ever since I can remember, and it's been consistently excellent.
If you're in the neighborhood, go there - you won't regret it.Italian hoagie was very weak. Can get a better one at wawa. The roll sucked and way too much lettuce. Don't think I'll ever go back.Reen's has defiantly gone downhill. You can only live on a name and reputation for so long. I don't know how people still order from here. The place is filthy dirty. I walked in today to order and almost walked out. I should have. I ordered and American hoagie and had a nice long hair in it. It had to be a good 6 inches. Disgusting! Never again..I love this place.  A true Philadelphia hogie shop.The Reen's hoagies are not my favorite. They are on the smaller side and don't have much of a taste.  Much better in other local deli's. Just my honest opinion.  However, I do order lunch meat from here and must say it is good. The rolls are fresh too.   Most of my visits to Reen's  are on the pleasant note. The guys taking orders are usually present , sometimes hungover but that's ok... and the the cashiers are friendly.   Stay away from the Hoagies and your in business.I came here in the middle of the covid19 crisis to get lunch for my Bubbie and I. Takeout and curbside only. My goodness what a wonderful change of pace this was. She got the sausage and peppers on a hoagie roll and I got the kielbasa with fried onions (no sauerkraut cause I don't like it). Bubbie enjoyed her sandwich and I was in heaven with my kielbasa. I'd expected just a link that was split on the flattop but what I received was the kielbasa thinly sliced into coin sized medallions. Each piece seared and crispy. Wow. Delicious. Only complaint was the rolls could have been better, very bland. Also had the German potato salad and some mild wings. Both were tasty as well. I'm looking forward to coming back and dining in when the world comes back to normal cause breakfast looked good too.I ordered scrambled egg platter and the hash browns and bacon were over cooked. The hash browns were to hard to eat. I have ordered breakfast before and this was the worst breakfast.I had a VERY good Italian hoagie from here while visiting a friend in the neighborhood. The menu was huge and I was tempted to order one of their Jewish deli options, but in Philadelphia, the Italian hoagie is the determining factor for me of whether or not a deli can make a good sandwich. This place did a great job with my go to order. My friend (who is not a lunchmeat kind of guy) got one of their Paninis with chicken cutlets that also looked yummy. If I'm back up this way, I'd definitely try more of Reen's offerings.Stopped by here after a wedding in the area to grab a hoagie before the reception (never trust the venue food) and it was exactly what we needed. We ordered an Italian and a spicy turkey hoagie and both were delicious. The Amaroso roll was perfect and was topped first with the veggie toppings then the meat and cheese piled on top of that. I liked this way of making the sandwich because you didn't have to worry about lettuce and toppings falling off with every bite, but if you ordered some "wet" toppings such as tomatoes it would probably make the roll soggy. All of the other food items looked great as well, exactly as a deli should be! I would definitely recommend coming to Reen's!Pretty good. I live around the corner and rarely come here, not for any specific reason. But, I decided to give it another try. I ordered a hoagie on a seeded roll and roasted red peppers. It's was .25c to get a seeded roll- no biggie.  But, an additional dollar for the roasted red peppers. I literally had one pepper on my sandwich. Anyway, the size of the hoagie was large. I actually only ate half and saved the rest for later. I ordered oil and vinegar, but it seeped through the bread and the bread was soggy at the bottom immediately after unwrapping the sandwich. That's a huge pet peeve of mine, soggy bread- yuck!
The ease of ordering was simple and the sandwich was available upon pick up. Overall, it was a good sandwich, except for the soggy bread. I'm not sure if I'd have to return for another. But, in the interim, it worked.2nd time here. 
I wasn't the biggest fan the 1st time but whatever....they deserve a second chance.
Decent people working here but service was very slow ... not sure why. 
I mean in comparison to Wawa and primos. 15 min wait for a hoagie ? I was the only customer too. odd. 
My hoagie was a let down. Roll was stale, Lettuce was soggy and mayo watery ... Hate to bash on this place but it was one of the worst hoagies I've had. 
2 stars based on their hoagies... Final review bumped to 3 stars since they carry Stocks pound cake. Any deli that carries stocks deserves an extra star. 
Stocks is the greatest pound cake on the planet. 
Those hoagies though ? come on man. 
Take a ride down South philly and copy their methods... hell, steal their menu and their rolls if you must. I won't say a word.Love their Hoagies! 
They are always packed with meat, and cheese. They definitely don't skimp on ingredients. Ive been here quite a few times to grab some hoagies for lunch and was always satisfied. The rolls are so fresh and taste so good. 
The last time I came, I ordered a turkey and cheese hoagie and an Italian hoagie for lunch. The hoagie was so fresh, packed with meat ad was very tasty. The hoagie literally had some weight to them which you don't get at other delis in the area. 
As far as the staff, they are very friendly, but at times can be slow or short staffed and it shows while you're waiting a long time for your take out order. Besides the hoagies, they have chips, soda, cakes, cookies and juices for sale. They also sell my favorite pound cake from Stocks bakery, which is a plus.Reen's has consistently great customer service and great food. They have a large selection of deli items as well as snacks. Was a few hours late to pick up my order and they kindly offered to remake it for me.This Hoagie place has been hear for many years. And good and great quality food, cheap prices, put that all in to one. And will keep place in business for many years. 
I Don't have any complaints when it comes to the food. Buy yourself a good Italian Hoagie. And The Rolls are always so fresh. Even if your buying a liverwurst sandwich on rye bread. It's fresh. 
Try there chicken salad it's very good. And even there fresh Tuna fish. And even have great, macaroni salad and potato salad as well, 
You can sit and eat inside but I always prefer to get it to go.Italian hoagie was delicious, definitely recommend getting the seeded roll. It had just the right amount of lettuce, mayo, and not too much oil. The meat was flavorful. The macaroni and cheese was alright. I prefer a more creamy texture and it was a bit thick, but not terrible.Reen's never disappoints. They're reasonably priced, fairly quick service. Great selection.One of my absolute favorite places for hoagies!! The staff is always super friendly and service is amazing! My go to is the Reen's Italian hoagie! For breakfast, you can never go wrong with the breakfast on a roll (eggs, cheese, meat of choice AND hash browns!! Yes carb overload but so good). A must try if you are in the northeast area!I grew up on Reen's hoagies. Went out of state for close to 15 years only to come back to a taste of home. Reen's is Philly for me. Fresh bread, fresh deli meats, a slew of homemade salads...just the thought of their seafood salad on rye makes my Mouth water. I drive out of my way from Suburbia to hit Reen's once a week.Family owned and it shows. My mom use to go here with me as a kid and it's still the same family that owns it. The register staff once they know you will greet you by name. This is my go to for lunch meat. Younger staff behind the counter and they are just as nice and will cut your lunch meat like you ask. Great rye bread and poppy seed rolls. I have not one negative to say. If you complain about the line or the wait; remember that's a good, means people love the place.Alright.  A squad of high school boys prepares sandwiches at a lackadaisical pace in the back of the supermarket. Sammies aren't overbig which can be good or bad depending what you want. Taste was perfectly fine. There's a seating area if you can't wait to eat.This place is centrally located in the Parkwood area of Northeast Philadelphia and is just minutes from my house.  The prices are right but the food can be hit or miss. 
Their hoagies and sandwiches are good and typically overflowing with meat and toppings (i.e lettuce, tomato and etc.).  They are known for their chicken salad which is good but not the best I've ever had.  
Over the weekend I ordered hot and bbq wings for the first time.  They messed up my order and gave me one type of wing-which I assume was bbq but couldn't really tell.  The sauce didn't tasty "bbqy" but it definitely wasn't hot sauce.  The wings were served warm in temperature which was disappointing.  Lastly, I was given 4 pieces of celery in each order of 15 wings...yes...4.  
I will visit again but it won't be for the wings.Every time I throw a little party for the family, I go here for the stuff I need. Hoagies, and hot roast beef. 
Lately I've been hitting the spot on the weekends for breakfast Sammichs. I've only been living up here for like 2 years. And this place has been great since i found out about it, (if you remember when wawa was closed for a month) Since then. I've got zero complaints about Reen's. The people are good, you never see people in there just standing around so I don't mind waiting for someone to take my order. Just an all around good spot.I've been getting hoagies from here for...gotta be at least 20 years. They used to have stellar hoagies which were often times cheaper than other places. However, for the past 2-3 years - maybe 4 - the hoagies have gone a bit downhill. They don't taste as good and the rolls can be hit-or-miss. They're still arguably the best hoagie spot around, though, hence the 4/5. It's just that they used to be a 5/5.
The staff are great as they've always been. They're friendly, attentive, quick, and accurate. Never any issues.I am from Amarillo, TX and I wanted to try a real Northeast delicatessen.  This was a great experience! Friendly staff and fresh ingredients. I am glad I went.  One thing the sandwiches are big.  Thank you!Great food and great service. Every staff member was helpful and friendly. Hoagies we're made for me in under 3 minutes and they were delicious. Their prices are unmatched. Very cheap for a hoagie, but the quality is phenomenal. Love their sandwiches.Prices are fair, pretty quick, amazing hoagies. The rolls are so awesome.
Never disappointed!Working out in the Northeast, we don't have the same number of dining options as those in center city.  Sure, there are some really great restaurants, but between the drive and wait, they aren't typical lunch destinations.  Reen's takes care of all my lunch needs.
A classic deli, all one needs to do for a great lunch is show up and read the menu.  I usually go with one of their specials - a rueben or pastrami sandwich. The meat is pilled on.  The rye is fresh at just the right level of softness.  While its made to order, I typically spend more time in line than waiting for my sandwich.  I'll grab a cheap drink from one of the fridges, pay, and if I'm not in too much of a work rush, grab a seat in their small dining area.  I'm in, out, and full in less than 30 minutes!stopped by on christmas eve. very well staffed. got a pound of dietz and watson roast beef (high quality, rare, well sliced) and a bangin sausage, egg and cheese. let's go. five starsI'm not a sandwich person anymore, when u get older the food supply has to go down because your not doing as much.  But if u like sandwiches and Italian rolls and all that stuff this is the place for u.  There meats are fresh they have experienced sandwich makers and the staff is nice and the cashier line goes pretty fast.  I dont really care for there salads like potato, macaroni and antipasto but others have said there alright.  There chicken breast they make up is pretty good.  Clean place too.Sandwiches are very good, however the people that work the evening shift are not very accommodating. That is why I have 4 out of 5 stars.I ordered through seamless and the delivery guy brought it to the house down one but when I called he immediately apologized and ran back to put it at my door. Super friendly customer service. 
The food was delicious and hot! Glad to have tried these guys outGreat hoagies are hard to find. This place has them! Fresh meat in fresh bread. A great neighborhood spot and friendly service.Reens is really good. Pastrami Special, if you haven't tried it your missing out. They get really busy at times so call your order in and it will be ready for you to grab pay and go.Ordered corned beef on a ciabatta roll, soup of the day (tomato vegetable), baked Mac and cheese and mozzarella sticks.  Everything was delicious. Staff was super nice and the place was clean. It's also super adorable that this place has been passed down through generations.A staple in the park wood community for years and years. Family run shop...good hoagies and sandwiches. Fresh deli cuts for each sandwich. It's got that nice corner store feel!Food is fair at best. But the FILTH is off the charts ( not just the floors and tables- the workers look crummy too)... If you plan on eating in there its probably best to bring your own cleaning products. This place hasnt seen soap in years. Probably doesn't own a mop either. I was Afraid to touch anything in there. Just gross.