So yummy! I have a sixth sense for good tacos! Wandered in here while hanging out in the city today. I can't turn down the opportunity for brisket tacos or short rib tacos when the opportunity arises. They know what they're doing here! Very generous portions. Very flavorful and perfectly tender meat! Delisioso!Some of the best vegetarian tacos I've ever had! Will definitely be coming back and recommending this place. Please open a branch in New YorkPretty good food - I have had a couple of their tacos and they were both pretty good. Good sauces, but they could be a bit more spicy. Three of their tacos can be a lot, go for two if you're not that hungry. Overall a pretty great place for a quick bite to eat.This place is fantastic. I went to school in Tucson AZ where the Mexican food and tacos are amazing and this place is on par. One of the best features they offer is their salsa and sauces. The smoked Habanero is my favorite. The pork pastor tacos are so bomb.Revolution Taco has engendered a bit of a buzz since opening right off of Rittenhouse Square.  These are tacos made to order right in front of you with fresh ingredients. Sauces are provided free to enhance the flavor including my favorite - a blackberry hot sauce.  I ordered the house-made chorizo tacos.  The tacos were very good - and large - although I found the ground chorizo itself slightly on the bland side as was the cheese.  Thank goodness for the blackberry hot sauce!
Service was professional.  Do be aware that during the lunch or dinner hours there are many take out orders and as everything is cooked to order,  you will have a wait for your food whether you eat in or take out.  
Water is also free (I'm adding this fact because a few places that have opened up recently in Philadelphia only have bottled water which of course you pay for.) 
I'll def eat again at Revolution Taco!I really appreciated how dense these tacos were (2 filled me up pretty fast), but they could have used some more flavor and freshness... I felt like I had to add quite a bit of sauce to liven things up. I would like to try something other than the pastor next time, I just wish they made it easier to mix and match.These tacos were great!! I had the fish tacos and the spinach  and cheese empanadas. Prices were reasonable. The empanada was delicious. If you're looking for delicious tacos on the go... come here!Short rib taco is the best taco I have ever had. A little pricey but well worth it. I highly recommend.I've been to this location 3 times now and its time to write a review in hopes that it can save others their hard earned cash and go get your money's worth elsewhere like Honest Tom's, Buena Onda, or heck, even Shake Shack, Mac Mart or Spot Burger.  Over the course of my 3 visits to revolutionary tacos I was able to try 3 separate items, the Chipotle BBQ Brisket is actually very tasty however very inconsistent. 1st time I got them they were loaded with brisket, 2nd time, very slim pickings, both times they were double wrapped in cold corn tortillas that were very rubbery.  Worth $9 for two? No. Worth $13 for 3? Still no.  Should be no less than $3.50 each.  
The little sign that greats you at the register reads "NO MIX AND MATCH TACOS", which might as well read "We are jerks and have no valid reason as to why we are depriving you from trying our variety of tacos, Deal With It"
I asked today repeatedly why they are so strict about not mixing different tacos in your order and why you are forced to buy in groups of 2 or 3, and if you want to try a 2nd type of taco you are approaching the $20 mark just to enjoy 2 different tacos.  The employees scrambled to give a solid valid answer as to why they are doing this, they said crap like "its so we don't mess up your order, and the PO system is setup that way there is nothing we can do about, the portions are made to accommodate the costs of each item"  ......huh?
I was one of two people ordering at the time, so the "we don't want to screw up your order" just translated to me "we just don't care to satisfy your taste buds and we are lazy/unorganized and don't want to expel extra effort to create a fun meal for you". the always sweating girl cook even jokingly said "its so we can take more of your money each time you come here"...yeah well that is blatantly obvious, this is stupid menu system designed for people with lots of expendable cash.  It sucks that it would require up to 10 visits and $100 to actually try the full range of tacos on the menu.  
This evening I got the shark fish tacos, which one associate told me comes with a lot of fish...not really, not really at all.  I requested extra pineapple salsa which, didn't really happen either. Once again they were wrapped in doubled up cold corn tortillas that were disgustingly glued together somehow.  The lady behind me ordered the same tacos, her's were substantially loaded with more cabbage slaw and salsa and stuff, kinda made me feel like they deliberately shorted my portion just because i was maybe to inquisitive about the menu policy before i ordered.  The fish was pretty dry, no were near as juicy as the Fish Tacos at Honest Toms of Buena Onda.  The table I ate at in front of the window was super sticky, yuck city sticky. 
Let the taco lovers of Philly start a REAL REVOLUTION and AVOID EATING here, its a con, its designed for the extra successful person who can throw money around carelessly and enjoys wasting food(cold double corn tortillas is a waste).  As an avid regular of Honest Tom's I highly recommend you go there and mix and match all the tacos your taco loving heart desires.  Honest Tom's is the best, their fish tacos rule, and guess what? you actually leave full and satisfied after Honest Tom's, you can choose corn or flour tortilla and they grill both types of tortilla so they have this lovely warmth when you bit into them....you leave Revolting Tacos and your like "I just paid $9 for that? for what? I'm still very hungry!!"
and look, I get it, the rent for they must pay is astronomical at rittenhouse and that's probably whey the cost is so high and the menu is rigged to frustrate the heck out of a variety taco enthusiast on a budget.  so in the end the high cost represents the location and clearly not the quality or quantity of food and service.  
If I ever hear that they can the no mix and match policy and offer flour tortillas I may return, but for now this place is dead to me.I was really excited to finally try Revolution Taco but I hate to say I had a very disappointing first (attempted) visit. I arrived at 9:00pm and it was bright and busy inside and the sign said open 11-10pm in bold outside. Immediately the cashier yelled that they were closed, because the hours were 9pm on weekdays (this information is available online I was told, and the sign on the door just shows weekend times). It was very uncomfortable for me and my friends and for the few people online who realized that we walked in at exact minute of closing. It was a terrible customer service experience, particularly for a new restaurant that you would think is trying to welcome new users.Favorite thing to order here is hands down the al pastor tacos. They're a perfect mouthful of pineapple, pork, and red pepper crema. I like how each taco on their menu comes with its own unique sauces and toppings. This is what stand outs out about Revolution from other taco options in the area. They also have several veg options on the menu. Wish they made breakfast burritos, even if just on the weekends!Don't make the mistake of eating here. Tastes like days old food that's been reheated. Some of the rudest staff out there. As I was walking towards them in my crutches to get the food the gentleman (I use that word facetiously as he was incredibly rude), said can you hurry it up old man? 
Learn compassion. If you value quality food and being treated like a human avoid.Small space inside with a handful of tables. Had the chicken tinga burrito which was a pretty good burrito.  There were four different salsa bottles of varying spices available for eat in or to take some to go which was a nice touch.  I went with a big group of coworkers and they all were very happy with what they each ordered.So good. Selection is not that vast and that don't have hard shell but they're tacos are so good!Vegetarian review:
I came here on a rainy day craving a burrito a few weeks ago. Well, I went upto order and they DIDNT have tofu as an option- just cauliflower or some chickpea patty.. Neither of those sounded good so I asked for guacomole instead. They were out of guacomole.  So I just got no protein, and the cashier looked at me like I was crazy and I asked her to add a little bit more rice and beans so that it wouldn't be super small.
I got the burrito, it was a decent size and got the green salsa, the red one and then the really hot one. 
Burrito itself was okay.. just felt really dry, even with the pico and extra diablo I asked them to put inside. I tried to add the salsa to it but didn't like any of them. The green one was the alright, it was just very limey. The really spicy one was exactly that, just really spicy with no real depth of flavor. The other red one had a Smokey flavor to it & I hate smokey flavors.
Overall, I suggest checking it out once, especially if you like cauliflower or chickpea partties in your Mexican food. I would loveee if they added a normal tofu option- for the non hipster.
I would come here again if my friends wanted, but it's nothing I would crave or voluntarily come to.For how much great stuff I heard about this place... it was subpar. 
I got the fried tofu tacos and was pretty disappointed. They were very dry and the sauce didn't help at all. And all they had on top were slices of carrots. Ew. I don't know what other vegetarian taco options I could have gotten. I got a side of spinach empanada and it was actually very yummy! 
I really don't have much to say about this place. It was bleh. I might return for the empanada though.We got the spinach empanadas and they were on the salty side... But the tacos were delicious. Ground beef were perfectly balanced and my boyfriend loved the brisket bbq ones. If you're a fan of hot sauce, the habanero and blackberrie sauced were a treat!Everything here is good. The pastor, brisket and beef tacos are all awesome. Burritos and bowls are delicious too. Also, try the weekly fish taco.Great taco place! My bf really liked the short rib tacos and I loved the cauliflower tacos. I will definitely go back.  It's pretty much a low grill place but it was all I needed for a perfect lunch!This place is a must go to! I had the best burrito I've had since I moved to philly four years ago. Also I really enjoyed that they let you help yourself to a selection of four sauces. Lastly the staff was helpful and very friendly when I was trying to make a decision on what to order.Been here a few times now and they are definitely my favorite tacos in Philly. I highly recommend the chipotle BBQ or the short rib tacos, they are pretty large so 2 will fill you up (but if you're really going for it then get 3). Their guac isn't anything to rave about, but you certainly can't have tacos without chips and guac so don't skip out on them. I recently tried their dates and bacon with almond and honey special empenada, and it was amazing! I hope it's on the menu the next time I go. I will say that I've have the carnitas tacos too and they were a little dry, but with so many other amazing items on the menu there's sure to be something for everyone.
Suggestion: gather your friends and pick up some tacos on your way for a picnic under the Walnut St bridge. Fun atmosphere, and there are tons of dogs everywhere from the dog park.This is the one place the whole family can agree on for Mexican food. It's got some pros and cons. Really the only bad things are that it's not authentic (but we weren't really expecting it to be) there's no alcohol and it's a bit pricy. But besides that, it's a solid place. There's something for everyone. Tacos, burritos, quesadillas and every kind of meat. Even something for vegetarians. They also sell Jarritos which is a special Mexican soda. Since there's no wait service the line moves quick and your food comes out within minutes. And it's clean. 
But the best part? There's a hot sauce bar. Choose to sample what you want when your food comes out. But be warned- some of it will leave you in tears!The very first meal I had as a Philadelphia resident!
After a long day of moving, and not eating, I was looking for something satisfying - yet not completely unhealthy.  This place called out to me so as to say, "You've reached your destination."
I ordered the chick pea bowl.  Rice, beans, sauces, pico, and salty little pillows of heaven that have ground chick peas in them.  The saltiness of these bites played well with the other flavors in the dish.  I devoured it in about 2 minutes.  I thought it could have been a little bigger for the price, but it was satisfying, which is what I set out for.
You'll be seeing more of me, Revolution Taco!Overpriced mediocre tasting tacos. Feels like they are always trying to do too much with most of their food. I did enjoy the brazilian sea bass, but like i said, too expensive.Very nice presentation when ordering in house, and the Korean short rib taco was amazing. Tried two others as well, the chorizo and the pork, which we're fun and flavorful but I'd definitely come back for the short rib.This taco joint was really satisfying. I ordered the Chipotle bbq brisket tacos and it was bomb! These tacos are not your ordinary Taco Bell tacos. The tacos at Revolution Tacks have some weight of them. The protein they used was pretty good quality rather than 50% real meat. 
As I picked up my taco for the first bite, it was pricey with meat juices. Yes, I said it. Meat juices. The brisket was tasty as is. You can add different sauces they had on the condiment section but I believe it was great in it's pure form. Honestly, I was still hungry after eating 3 tacos and a empanada but I felt satisfied as I walked around the city . The price tag is a little hefty with all four items being around $16 but I would recommend it if you wanna treat yourself something new. They have a good amount of options to choice from.
Overall, probably gonna visit here again for more tacos.They constantly get your orders wrong, over and over again. When you tell them, they yell at you. Not good service. STAY AWAYAwesome empanadas. Special kimchi fried rice burrito was 85% there. While tasty the kimchi flavor was hard to detect and the consistency of the rice was a little mushy for fried rice and burrito. The same goes for the Korean short rib tacos. Tasty enough but if you're looking for the "Korean" short rib (aka galbee) flavor you're not going to taste much of it.
The service was friendly but a tad bit slow for a cafeteria service. Seemed like they were still trying to work out the pace. 
Not wowed but I would go back.A solid 4 / 4.5 stars for the creativity of the food, taste and ambiance. I'm always on the lookout for unusual flavor combinations, and was excited upon hearing about Revolution Taco with its, well, revolutionary and unusual ingredients. 
The place is small but cosy, with high top tables and an open kitchen concept. I split 6 tacos with a friend (most come in orders of 2 or 3 each, and we really wanted to try the different items) - 2 each of Smoked Chicken, Beef Tongue & Cheek, and Three Little Pigs. We ate them in this order, leaving the heaviest till the last, which worked out nicely. 
Smoked Chicken - a decent taco, comes with chicken and a slaw of lettuce on top. It was pretty good, but I would definitely recommend forfeiting this to try other items that you wouldn't normally be able to get. 
Beef Tongue & Cheek - these are the most delicate, tender parts of the meat, and it gives a melt-in-the-mouth texture which I really enjoyed. 
Three Little Pigs - LOVED this one...but again, it has bacon in it, so that's almost a sure winner. My first bite was just bursting with flavor, and the crunchiness of the bacon contrasts nicely with the rest of the juicy meat. 
Other things - the tortilla in each taco comes in a double layer, which I have mixed feelings about.. it does provide enough support to hold the rich filling, but also feels a little too much at times. The wait time was also a little long (not unacceptable, but just feels like a long wait given the casual vibe of the place). 
While my friend and I were debating whether to get a brownie to end our meal (it's huge), the owner Mike, who was sitting at a table beside us, actually came up to us and offered to get us a brownie on the house. Mike was super friendly and told us about how he worked at a baking place way back, which is why he wanted to put this on the menu, and also told us that this current menu will be switched out for a Spring menu in May (so if you want to try the existing menus, take the chance and go now!). The brownie was great - super rich and super filling.I came here with my girlfriend last weekend and the tacos were absolutely delicious. I had the pork tacos and my girlfriend had the fish tacos. We also both got the empanadas. We both loved our meals and don't have any complaints. This is definitely one of the best taco places we have been to.Very delicious tacos! We got the duck tacos with scallion pancake as the shell. Would come here again and try the other tacos. Will recommend friends who visit philly to come!Finally tried the tacos here. It's a cute place in a great location. They have a respectably broad menu, including burritos and tacos. It's a *bit* pricey but quite tasty. 
Pork empanada so yummy. Mushroom tacos were flavorful especially for being vegetarian. My companions got the chorizo and the Korean beef tacos which both were well received. The have a nice variety of sauces to go with the meals. 
Interestingly, there is currently an avocado shortage so there was no guacamole available. It was the first time I heard about this and I hope it ends soon!Stopped in for tacos today in the midst of the "snow storm" and was delighted to see a nice crowd mid-afternoon with the same thought as me. The space is warm and inviting with a really cool pepper wall. My friend and I had both empanadas (spinach and fontina & the special smoked pork). The dough was ridiculously delicious and inside was a warm gooey taste of home. For tacos we had the smoked chicken, special seared tuna, brisket, and ground beef. All were a really wonderful display of flavors complementing the next. We had two of each kind and I walked out totally satiated. 
So glad there are good tacos on that side of town! Thank you for doing what you do!! Can't wait to come back.I got the cauliflower and mushroom tacos and they were good but this place could really improve by providing lime and salt because my taco really needed it. Just put it right next to the salsa section.This place is delicious! I tried it the other day. I ordered the chicken tacos (forget the name, but it's the first one on the menu) and they were fabulous. All their sauces are very tasty too. They're a little on the pricy side but I'll be back! 10/10Ordered three tacos chips and salsa they called and gave me such attitude saying you know this isn't the curry tacos right ? I said yes I'm aware they tried to charge me more money just to deliver two tacos which were disgusting and they said three times they'd refund me never saw anything. Everytime you go in they have an attitude and seem like they hate their job. Not worth it. I used to be a loyal customer not anymoreI saw the "hot and new" and tacos and was very excited. We waited for an hour to get our lunch. It was pretty loud. We got the tuna tacos, chicken and chorizo tacos and unfortunately everything was very bland and just so so. I was really disappointed.Generous servings of "fusion" style tacos like "Korean Short Rib" and "Fried Curried Cauliflower."    Even though I enjoyed my tacos, I probably won't be back because it really annoys me that they don't sell individual tacos or a mix and match option.  There are so many good food options in Philly, why spend your money at a business that isn't really customer friendly?Really solid place. They need to do a la carte tacos like Velvet Taco in Dallas, which they told me they are looking to do. They also need to upgrade the sides (I would highly recommend adding something like the elote at Velvet Taco). For what it is, it's very good, and I can't really complain about the prices for being very high quality tacos.Yum!! I had the duck tacos with a side of Guac and chips. The tacos were delicious- I ordered two and was full. The tortilla shell was so interesting and unlike anything I've had before! It was crispy and thicker than usual, but it was so delicious. I'll be back to try other yummy tacos. Prices were very reasonable too :)1. The tacos come in 2's or 3's and there is no mixing and matching. So if you want to try more than one type of taco, you have to get 4+ and, unfortunately, I cannot eat 4 tacos in one sitting - super disappointing because I wanted to try the chorizo and the smoked chicken. 
2. We had to wait 20 min for 2 tacos and 2 empanadas. 
3. There is no silverware whatsoever.
4. We got the chorizo tacos and an order of empanadas. They were excellent.If u are in rush and really hungry than this is great place to try tacos amazing and great chicken taco I love it price also good in city my best place for tacosMy order for lunch was smoked chicken (2 tacos) for $7.00. I was happy with the portion size and the quality of the ingredients. I walked out of there feeling satiated and really happy with the good vibes that I noticed as soon I walked in...simple, clean, smiling faces and fast service. The lady at the register was helpful and everyone in the kitchen was hustlin to get the tickets out while interacting with customers who were chatting with them over the high counter. I recommend them!One word to describe my dining experience at Revolution Taco...AWESOME! This simple concept of delivering an amazing product at a fair price is lost on so many restaurants as such. The freshness of the ingredients, the prompt service, and a very cool minimalist  interior  make this place great. My favorite tacos where the House-made Chorizo and the Chipotle BBQ Brisket (killer!!) Also, the Empanadas (handmade gems) are fantastic.  This team at RT has figured out what the market wants and delivers on it. I'll be back as I am looking forward to trying the Roast Duck Taco.As a fellow vegetarian  I highly recommend the fried curried cauliflower tacos. Right blend of crispy and savory. It will leave you satisfied!I really wanted to love this place, and I'll have to settle for just like. The tacos had so much going on and still missed the mark. The duck taco was greasy like mostly grease greasy, the chipotle BBQ brisket was good but too saucey, and the Korean shirt rib was good. Something different to try. I like buena onda a little better, but this place is more unique so worth a try!Best taco place in philly.  Amazing variety and their freshness for each of their tacos every visit makes it a great experience.  Quick easy and always consistent. And the music in the place is always on point. End 5o end awesome experience.  I am a 3x a week offender.Whoa, super small unauthentic bland tacos for $14? Not for me. 
Yes, you're in rittenhouse but don't use that to rip the assuming taco lover off. Why do you even serve them in the quantity of two? Who would ever buy just two mini tacos? Do people buy half a car? Do people buy one sock? No. 
Why so small? Why so expensive? Why so American? 
You want real tacos? Go to any taco place on 9th street around the italian market. There you will get 3 monster tacos for $9 and won't be able to move afterwards.The Spinach and cheese empanada were amazing! The cashier was also very friendly and I loved the mango soda as well.Revolution Taco make amazing tacos - as if we were on the West Coast! They have amazing hot sauces like pineapple habanero and creative veggie options like smoked mushroom tacos. Only negative is the tacos are quite expensive and you can't mix and matchI got the weekly empanada, which happened to be the cheese burger empanada. It was to DIE for. My friend and I stopped by for a quick snack because it wasn't quite dinner time. We will be back for the tacos though! I promise.Amazing taco place with great vegetarian options!  I had the fried tofu tacos with chips and guac.  DELICIOUS!  My friend had duck tacos -- which were really neat.  Would highly recommend. The only downside was that they do not serve alcohol (although I think it may be byob).Fantastic vegan tacos at a good price. We had the curried cauliflower and the smoked mushroom tacos and they were both great. Lots of other options for the omnivores amongst you too!Fun, fast, very flavorful.  It's like having a permanent taco food truck just a block from Rittenhouse square.I had the roast duck tacos a few weeks ago and they were awesome! It was more than I like to spend for lunch so I probably won't be getting them often since one isn't enough food. But I will get them again. I'll also be back to try some of the other tacos and burritos.I was very excited to try Revolution Taco! I got the Korean Short Rib taco and my friend got the Chorizo. I highly suggest going with a friend, so you can try more than one type (they don't let you mix and match). 
The presentation was great.  Rib was super tender and flavorful. Loved it. However, it was a bit on the salty side. The chorizo was flavorful, too, but I also found it a little bit salty for my personal taste. Two tacos is plenty filling, especially since they are double wrapped. There's free water, which is nice and lots of hot sauces. 
I also wish it was like 1 to 2 dollars cheaper. However, I'm definitely going back to try more varieties. Yum.The empanadas are very good, although different from what I had before. Tacos are good but need extra sauce for taste.I love Revolution Taco! It is such a cute little taco joint in the heart of Rittenhouse. I have been twice now and ordered the chicken tinga tacos each time because they are so delicious. I went with my sister who is a vegetarian and she seemed to like the chick pea veggie burger burrito bowl. The service is a bit slow but definitely worth it.Tries hard to make simple food gormet. Save yourself a trip here and make your own tacos for  better value and quality. The environment is nice though with plenty of seating.The decor reminds me of a mixture between Honest Tom's and Chipotle. It's casual dining. Portions are not bad. I had the beef tongue and cheek tacos. The ingredients sound like they don't work, but they do. Crunchy, sweet, sour, and savory. It was all good. My favorite part was the crunchy pieces of tongue. I like the concept of the place being casual fusion food.Went in at 12:15 on a Wednesday for lunch.  Was busy but not overwhelming.  Had the BBQ brisket tacos - went with 2 instead of 3 and glad I did.  They were delicious and packed with meat, double wrapped in tortillas.  Was full after 2 and a 3rd would have been way too much for me.  Really enjoyed them and will be back to try more.  You can't mix and match tacos which is a bit of a bummer but makes sense when you think about the kind of volume they're doing during lunch hour.Followed all the food truck owners since the beginning: StreetFoodPhilly, Taco Mondo + Say Cheese Philly and they continue to bang out the highest quality food in their new brick n mortar store Revolutiok Taco!  The beef tongue n cheek w/ house made kimchi topped w/ pickled jalapeños packed a lot of flavor. The glazed pork belly tacos which I topped w/ some of their house made hot sauce are my top two heavy hitters. Am waiting patiently for their Korean fried chicken tacos (hint hint) and more items on their (Shhhhh!) "secret menu"...  Chips salsa and guac were great too washed down w/ some Jarritos Mexican sodas
Revolution Taco brings great ingredients together for a worldly fusion of taco madness. Great service and staff make for a great combination. Definitely go back for more #PhillyTacoTourI got the curried cauliflower tacos - it definitely had curry flavor and the chicken tinga which was really good. But for the price, I could get similar tacos a couple of blocks away with a lot of heat and flavor. Obviously, this is near Rittenhouse Sq so it's going to be pricey but I just don't think each taco was worth $3.There are a number of solid taco spots in Philly.  Revolution taco belongs at the upper echelon, if not top spot, on this list.  Do the tacos rival left coast? Maybe.  But in such a different way.  West Coast tacos are typically known for being fish tacos.  I actually haven't had a fish taco at Revolution.  Their tacos though are top notch for Philly.  I've been to Distrito, Mission, Loco Pez, Taqueria Feliz, Union Taco and Dos Taco.  Hands down Revolution is top based on variety of menu and overall taste.  Must try's are the Duck, Korean Short rib, and Lamb (if available).  How many to order?  I'd say between 2-3 tacos per person.  Prices are fair and turn over-times on orders has significantly improved since opening, which is quite a plus.  So I mentioned a few others taco spots, those worth trying are (in order) Loco Pez, Distrito, and Feliz.  The rest are meh.  Still haven't been to South Philly Barbacoa, high expectations here.   Revolution is still a solid spot, worth a try, if not repeated business.Great quick place for a different type of taco. Tried the Korean beef which was tender and juicy with just the right amount of sauce. Also the pork pastor which is probably the closest thing to an original Mexican taco. Pork not greasy. And of course had to try the duck. The scallion pancake was fantastic. Underwhelmed by the flavor of the duck! Not very juicy and just too much sauce and slaw. Drowned out what should've been the star of the dish!The most amazing food ( not just comparing to Mexican food) that I've had in a long time. Get the duck!Everything tastes fresh and hot. The meat is made to order which makes this food worth the wait in my opinion. I got a chicken burrito bowl and thought it was nicely portioned for the price. It just tasted nice and fresh. This is definitely an upgrade from a chipotle or qdoba.These tacos are huge and packed with meat. Got the 2 of the Korean beef tacos and they came fully loaded. The flavors were authentic and the brisket melted in your mouth. The sweetness of the kbbq sauce paired amazing with the sesame and scallions on top inside this taco.Came here to get a takeaway lunch around noon. There was a line all the way to the door already but it moved relatively quickly. Now, I know this is a taco place (it's literally in the name), but I was feeling burrito-y today so I opted for the Ground Beef Burrito Bowl. According to their menu, the bowl comes with rice, black beans, ground beef, cheese, lettuce, lime creme, salsa roja, and pico de gallo. At the restaurant there is also an assortment of sauces you can take to go, which I hear change daily. Definitely a fun way to try some new flavors!
Let's get into the bowl itself. Smaller than your average Chipotle bowl, but I think you get more oomf with each bite. Each bowl is made fresh, so mine came nice and hot. It is clear the star is the meat here. I was astounded by the amount of meat that just kept coming, it probably took up half the bowl! The beef was tender and juicy, the pico de gallo popping, and the creme creamy and tangy. Everything came in just the right proportion. Never did I get a mouthful of just rice or lettuce. When you got that bite of everything, a mix of sweet lettuce and salty beef with sour creme, what a flavor explosion! Needless to say, a good choice for lunch. While it is a bit pricier (my bowl was a little over $11 after tax), I would say it's worth the splurge.After having managed to start my day before sunrise on a bleary Sunday, I decided to treat myself to some tasty tacos during a late lunch. I had been meaning to try Revolution Taco's roast duck tacos for a while, so that was the first thing I said when they asked for my order. I also tried two of their specials that day: salmon tacos and a bison empanada. 
The food was made fresh and came out within 10 minutes. There were 5 very colorful sauces to choose from, including regular salsa, hot salsa, salsa verde, mango salsa, and coconut lime salsa. Curious, I had to try them all. I personally liked the hot salsa on everything, and thought the bison empanada tasted best with the coconut lime salsa. 
Everything was tasty. The duck tacos contained a generous amount of filling. Be warned that it is quite heavy, due to the deep-fried scallion pancake shell. If I hadn't skipped breakfast and been starving, I would have gotten full on half of the taco. 
The salmon tacos were also tasty. The salmon pieces were perfectly grilled and their savoriness was nicely balanced by fresh chunks of pineapple. The bison empanada was also good, though it was more of a snack item, filled only with seasoned ground bison (I don't remember if onions were in there). It was good, but I've had more creatively filled empanadas in Philly before. 
The staff was very friendly and the decor is clean and modern. In terms of quality, I am definitely a fan. Everything was fresh down to the very soft corn tortilla shells. It's a bit more expensive than average for tacos (though cheaper than Buena Onda), but definitely worth it for a treat.I have eaten lunch here 5-6 times in the past year, and every time the food and service have been outstanding. Highly recommend the mushroom tacos and the cauliflower tacos. Yummy sauces availability which you can choose yourself. Fantastic value.I've tried the beef tacos and also the chipotle bbq brisket tacos.  I also ordered their special empanadas -- bacon & date and also their chorizo.  Everything was top notch.   The tacos had a large amount of meat on them and they just tasted really good.   Prices are normal and definitely worth it for what you get.Revolution taco is so delicious and I get it at least once a week! Their tacos and burrito bowl is far better than any other quick service Taco place. Brisket empanadas, Korean tacos and beef tacos are unreal!!Delicious vegan options. I went with the vegan smoked mushroom tacos and it it the spot. I was craving them later in the day. The fried cauliflower also looks good. Would like more veggie protein options on the menu though.I've been here about 5 times now. I try something new every time and everything I've had is good. The free sauces rotate out constantly and are creative and delicious. The place is clean and has good seating. The prices are fair, the bathroom is clean, and the service is solid.I think these are my favorite tacos in Philly!  Definitely better than Dos Tacos, Jose Pistolas, and Tio Flores which are pretty much the main competitors in the Rittenhouse area.  I got the chorizo tacos and they were awesome!  The torillas are good, almost seem home-made. but not sure.  They come 2 tortillas per taco, I can't decide if it is too much bread, or not, but it is good to have 2 so that the tacos don't rip and fall apart when you eat them (like at Jose Pistolas).  It would be even better if they had a couple days with late night hours!  Maybe open til 2 or 3am on a Fri or Sat like Dos Tacos?  Or even til 11 on a weeknight or 2??My and my people hit this place up in between lunch and dinner. Since there were 6 of us, we were able to sample most of what they had... Smoked chicken in both burrito and taco form was a highlight. Otherwise, pretty average overall...Neat place. Like the concept.  I ordered from here once and was underwhelmed by the tastiness of the food.  Will try again.Come on ...no less than five stars !
Tried pulled pork tacos
As well as carne asada burrito
It was the size of my head.  Not cheap; but then again, neither is their Taco Mondo food truck nor good quality meat so I'd rather spend the extra two bucks over a chipotle and leave feeling good
Sauce options were cool- this is a must try taco spot in center cityCome here for tasty tacos with unique, non-traditional fillings.
The duck tacos are really good, my favorite of the ones I've tried so far.  Lots of rich, moist, shredded dark duck meat and some nice toppings, all wrapped in a delicious scallion pancake.  They're big and satisfying (and at $8 apiece, they should be).  
The Korean short rib tacos & the fish tacos are also good, although note that the fish ones are not like traditional Baja-style fish tacos (different toppings & sauce, different flavor profile).
RT offers a number of salsas / sauces as toppings.  The spicy pineapple salsa is piquant and tasty, and perfectly complements the rich meatiness of the duck & short rib tacos.  The green salsa verde is also outstanding, just bursting with flavors of lime, cilantro and other herbs.  
If you're looking for cheap eats, you'll need to keep to 2 tacos here - order three and you could be pushing $20, especially if one is a duck taco (and it really should be).