When we walked in the entire downstairs was dark and empty, no signs.. but we went upstairs. We walked up and sat at the bar where there were so many dirty dishes and drink cups scattered all over the bar. We were wondering if there were bus boys or if they were closing? It was 7:30pm on a Monday. We sat down at an open spot and moved the drink cups away, gross. The bartender had a huge bag of ice in her shirt. Not sure if she had surgery but was clearly uncomfortable and not sure why she was working. We ordered our food and watched the bar tender nod off while plugging in orders in the computer system, cutting oranges, and just standing there. She was EXTREMELY high on dope (heroin). It was disgusting to watch and none of the staff cared they just made fun of her behind her back and we watched the whole thing. Didn't seem to be any responsible staff or clean up crew or even servers/bartenders. Took a video of the high bartender nodding off and getting jolted by the receipt machine printing out our receipt. Terrible experience, was gross and I'll never go back. This place should be shut down or stripped of its current management.It's hard because in general the place is nice, food is decent and the bowling is fun. The problem is that I have now been here twice and had TERRIBLE service. The first time I was bowling upstairs, there was only one other group of people. It took nearly a half an hour to get a round of beers for three people. Then when the food runner brought our food, I saw him stick his finger in my food when the tacos fell over on the plate. Ew. I was there this past weekend with a birthday group. We had 2 lanes, 8 people total. This time we were downstairs and there were a few more groups than last time. We immediately ordered drinks and again it took nearly an entire game to get 1 drink for everyone! I'm talking...it took 30 minutes to bring two bottles beers. Everyone finally got their drinks except me so I inquired about it and the waitress said they only had that draft upstairs and she had to wait until she had time to go get it! I went all the way upstairs to get it and it took me all of 5 minutes. We all observed her and the bartender working at a snails pace and chit chatting with people at the bar. I shouldn't have to feel like i'm being rude when the workers here are terrible at their jobs. I will probably never come back and if I do I will only order directly from the bar.Service here is the worst and their bathrooms are disgusting. I am a local and was very disappointed. Food sucks tooWent with a group of 9 and had an awesome time! The cost per hour on a lane including shoes was $40 but to reserve a lane you'll have to pay $150 for a two hour slot (no other place makes reservations that I'm aware of). Splitting the charge makes the cost of bowling in your own lane with couches, a server, and music/projected sports a win. The drinks were great, loved the loaded tater tots that could feed everyone for $8.99, and the server Zoe was gracious throughout. Was a little hesitant at first with such poor reviews, but all-in-all with the number of friends we went with you'd pay about $50 each to play, drink, and eat. I would recommend going earlier in the day with family- we did see families there.Awful service - took almost an hour to get our nachos... and they came out looking like dog food. Tasted terrible. Way too many good places in Philly to ever waste your money or time here.Wandered interesting this place after a gig at the Fillmore 
The music was much louder than the music at the Fillmore so we wandered upstairs still extremely loud but not obnoxiously extremely loud 
Waiter very attentive although he had to strain to hear our orders 
Drinks well executed and tasty 
We ordered nachos which were good but nothing extraordinary 
One of our party described the place as a chuckie cheese for those who can now drink   Very good description 
The place has many large screen tvs and they have them over the bowling lanes.  ADHD central
There is an arcade with old school games which include air hockey And skee ball but there is some sort of complicated way of getting a card to play them so we didn't bother 
Wanted to add that I tried to pay with a credit card was told the system was down luckily I had cash because I don't have an ATM card .. I wonder if this was a ploy to make money in ATM transactions??
YmmvFirst time coming here. I went with my boyfriend and we loved it. The food was very filling. I had a cheese burger with bacon and he also had a burger with overlight egg. We shared nachos, which were huge. Usually we don't get full from just a burger but we were extremely full that we didn't even touch our nachos. We had the hurt in love drink which tasted like raspberry lemonade with liquor but I enjoyed it. We ended up having two each. 
The setting is very chill and relaxing for a game night or just hanging out with friends. It's also ok for a date if you're don't want that romantic feeling. The one issue I had was that the wait was EXTREMELY long. We ordered the nachos as an appetizer and it came out with our food, that was annoying but other than that nice place to grub, do some bowling, catch up with friends or hang out with babe. It's right across from the sugar house casino and there some comedy clubs within walking distance.The female bar tender with red hair is the most rude person I have met in my life. I stood at the bar for over 15 minutes before she acknowledged my presence and had an attitude the whole time. Most likely will not return.I had a great time dining here! I had been here for the opening party and 1 additional event but I had never gone to Revolutions to grab a bite to eat. I had a friend from out of town in and I thought this place was something so different than he was use to! The food was great and the service was really nice! It was not that busy but maybe it felt that way because the upstairs area is so large. We also bowled the same day and it was nice to have a server dedicated to the lanes so that I didn't have to keep going back and forth to the bar to get a new drinkWe came on a Saturday night around 10pm and waited for an hour and a half. We entertained ourselves by grabbing a drink at the distillery and then playing shuffle board, which is free. So are a couple pool tables. The check in girl was super friendly and she cleaned our lane but the previous party left a mess and I had to clean up some spilled drinks. The waiter was fine but he was never to be found. I liked when they had music playing but then a UFC fight started and they turned the music off. The place lost its up beat vibe in my opinion. I would probably go back to bowl for 40 bucks for an hour. Split among a few people it's not bad.Restaurant area is a bit expensive but the food was good. Pool table on 2nd floor was missing a ball, but staff let us use the downstairs one for free since we had already swiped our game card at the upstairs table. Fast service and nice staff. Good drinks.So in earlier reviews you know I went to a rock show at the Fillmore on 1/31. When we were in line freezing our asses off, some guy shouting instructions told us we would regret going to this place an d man was he right- but I was coming in from out of town and a buddy was meeting us there. We went to the bar sat for 10 minutes to order a drink, another 10 to make a food order, and then waited a full hour for the food to come out. The bartender Jessica, was new and overwhelmed by the relatively small crowd at the bar. There was another older white woman waitress/bartender who I didn't see helping anyone at the bar, and some black chick who just looked at everyone obviously in need of food, drink, or status of both. The burger actually was great- it was ordered medium well and had bacon on it- yummy (but t was my friends since my sliders were teeny and like hockey pucks). I ordered a lemon drop martini to begin with, but Jessica said she couldn't find the sugar so I ordered a cosmo. While waiting for the food instead of another drink, I ordered 3 shots of Sambuca so I could forget the absolute miserable experience. I do not want to blame her, I blame the management because they should have staffed up for the events (there was also a concert with 4K attendees). I'd be very surprised if they are open this time next year. Also, prices were very expensive and not commensurate with the shitty service. This 2 hours was 2 hours of my  life that I will never get back.Bowing, Arcade games, big-screen TVs!  A fun place to be- and they seem to have a lot of specials going on during the week.
However the machines to get the arcade card were broken. My buddy ordered a milkshake from the bar that took way too long to arrive .. and they reimbursed him for it! (He did have to follow- up with them multiple times however)Had a great time at a company outing here, I accidentally broke a lane and didn't get yelled at. 5 stars! Oh yea, I did fall down on a lane because of condensation from the ceiling, so 4 stars instead. 
I'm from the suburbs and have had issues with car break ins in the past. I'm not 100% confident about the parking my car on the roads. But that's nothing the venue can do, I guess.The better, more classy version of Dave and busters with awesome food and NO KIDS! They have bowling as well as an arcade and the food is spectacular. Our groups favorite was the loaded tot appetizer. Not low calorie but full of flavor and delicious ingredients. This place is a must try... they even make their own pistachio vodka, sounds weird but so good!!Omg never ever go there again I went there to shoot pool with friends and it was the worst tables that I seen in my life it was a very low class place shitty food shitty bowling shitty used arcades and the most to me was a pool table which was the worst . Never will I go there againWent on a week night  after 9, so bowling was unlimited & included shoes for $15. Not bad. It wasn't really busy, so the staff was very attentive....except for the server for our lane.  Would go again, and probably take advantage of the drink/food specials. I have no desire to see what this place looks like on the weekend.My boyfriend in came to this place back in February for our first date and and LOVED it. So much so, that we invited another couple to come join us  here this past Saturday. So we went upstairs for dinner and were seated immediately, however after placing our orders the couple we came with received their food after about 40 minutes. When the waitress came by about 20 minutes after that we flagged her down to ask about our food. She said ours was taking longer because we requested separate checks at the beginning of our meal. Like her excuse made no sense. Another 10 minutes go by and only 1/2 of what we ordered comes out. At this point our waitress is gone and can't be bothered to come check on us. As another item trickles in 20 minutes later I ask for a manager. He comes by, apologizes and is nice enough to offer us drinks on the House. Our last item
Never showed up by this point and he says, I took it off your bill, if they come out enjoy them on me. The waitress comes back at the end, and says "I heard about what happened, but we can't go backwards so can I get you anything else" we all request our checks. She only "heard " about what happened because she went missing and abandoned us after you took our order. My boyfriend pays in cash, and requests his change back, which is exactly $1. The nasty miserable excuse for a waitress brings him his change in all Nickels because she's pissed he requested his change back. I showed the manager and he made her some apologize, then offered To comp us a free hour of bowling for the trouble. It was a really bad experience to say the least. It sucks that "our first date spot" is now an empty low class place with Terrible Service. Do yourself a favor and skip this place!!Revolutions is anything but.  Using old school tactics by telling you lanes are open to get you there and even upon arrival to get you upstairs, but then reversing course once upstairs to make you wait and pay extra money while doing so.
David (presumably the manager) certainly didn't know how treat this situation and didn't make me feel like the place was in good hands.
I'll stick to Lucky Strike.Well I was about to say that this place was just having a bad night or something but after reading the vast majority of the reviews I can confidently state that this place is a true sh!tshow. 
Let's start with what was good. The staff, not the managers though, were very nice and working very hard under unbelievably bad circumstances. The décor was nice if not a bit too empty over all. That's it. That's all that was good.
Now for the rest. Our experience started with an indifferent bar staff that nonchalantly got around to taking our order. This is quasi-Fishtown so I'm used to that vibe. When we went to pay there was a delay because they were only using one of the several POS systems behind the bar. Not sure why that need to happen that way but no big deal. 
We were told to check in 15 mins prior to our reservation so we did. The poor girl behind the counter was flustered but I'm not sure why. It wasn't busy and we were the only people at the counter, like chill girl you got this. She kept calling for a manager who took his time getting there and then basically berated the poor girl. She was almost in tears and all for nothing I could figure out. There were reservations leaving and a ton of open and available lanes. To be fair there were several lanes that were out of order (like most of the games in the arcade). 
So we come back at our reservation time and are just waiting waiting waiting.  We were told our lane was upstairs and to go to that counter, Sweet. Bowing here we come.  Upstairs we waited and additional 25 mins for a lane while several sat open and ready. The girl behind this counter was simultaneously checking ppl In and out, getting shoes for others, returning shoes and then went to clean the lane the we were supposed to go to. All while there wasn't a manager or even a server in site. Eventually a manager came over to help with another guests billing issue for a party but she seemed like she was oblivious to the sinking ship around her. The counter girl cleared the dirty dishes away from the lane to the back table, the one you stand at on your lane. They sat there until we left a short time later. We wanted to eat and kept ringing for a server from the menu screen jawn and none showed up. 20 mins later a dude showed up and by that point we were done. Which is good because he said the kitchen was way backed up and if we did order food it would take forever. I genuinely felt bad for him, How the hell is this kid going to make any money tonight. Any way we asked for a manager, told manager guy that this place is a sh!tshow and for $100 of bowling it wasn't worth it. We had been there an hour and just started our game with no food and no drinks so we were going to leave. 
Advice to management. Clean your whole place. Every day. The bathrooms were disgusting. All of them. The lanes were filthy. You can tell they aren't regularly swept because food and dust bunnies were under the bowling ball return. Our lane was particularly filthy because the do-it-all-by-herself girl barely had time to get rid of the dirty dishes let alone sweep. The lanes are WAY TOO SLICK. Seriously. And then the whole reso thing.  Mostly it needs to be managed by someone with a brain. Then, don't force ppl to get food while they are bowling if they don't want to. Think about this for a second. Hand food and touching bowling balls that are never cleaned is going to get someone sick. All I wanted to do there was wash my hands when I left.  Lastly, fire all of the managers and start over. They were either complicit or oblivious to the catastrophes swirling around them. You can do better.This is my first review ever on yelp, but felt I had to provide feedback for a local bar.
Not great... 
First off the layout and structure was very confusing, there were two check in locations for bowling and it was not being managed well. Second, apparently pool tables downstairs are pay by the game or hour, but the tables upstairs require buying a game card? That made no sense.
There were about 4 arcade games that didn't work, but took our money out of maybe 20 games and the place has only been open for a month or two. That's not a good sign, however they did refill our card, which we appreciated.
We ordered food at the bar, the bartender was nice, but the service in general was terribly slow. Everything was pretty expensive, but overall the food was good and came out relatively quick. 
Overall, Revolutions seemed to be poorly managed that night, but maybe there is opportunity to improve. We might give it another chance, but would not fault those who do not because it was bizarre.The good outweighed the bad, but....
I was here on a Saturday night around 8-10ish with some girlfriends. We had a good time bowling, the lanes were nice (but they need more balls, the 8 & 9 lb mediums especially!), the service was good and we enjoying reading the little trivia facts on the screens between turns. As it got later, a DJ came (he was great) and some flashing lights came on (a bit distracting, but still ok). We were in the downstairs area, there were a bunch of people there just bowling, hanging out and being pretty chill. Then these dancers came wearing underwear, fishnets and these weird ripped t-shirts and it felt so incredibly awkward so watch them climb up on these little tables and start gyrating like we were at a club. People are there dressed in flannel, sipping a beer, bowling and watching March Madness. This isn't some Vegas club, no one is coming to a bowling alley bar to dance the night away. I felt bad for the dancers who got down off their tables and walked off somewhere after about 15 minutes, and I felt bad for all of us who were wondering what the hell was happening and feeling uncomfortable. Know your audience, Revolutions.This place is closed down with no notice online or in windows/doors. We traveled here last night only to be disappointed as we were told by the Fillmore staff that they have been closed for over a month. Wasted drive down from Montgomery county!Not worth the money! We bowled here last night and overall it was not the best experience! About 45 mins into our 60 mins that we paid for the pins kept getting stuck and kept having to be fixed manually. The manager was kind enough to move us and add 30 mins since we sat there for 15 mins waiting for them to fix our lane. Then we moved and the next lane had a whole new sort of technology malfunctions where it told us that every single ball we threw was a foul and we were not over the line once. 
The server Megan was very nice & gave us an hour free @ the arcade for our troubles. 
However with all of the technology issues I think we will be bowling elsewhere next time.I have been here on three different occasions and absolutely loved it! I haven't eaten here only drank but the bartenders are super friendly and give great service!Food was good but cold. Drink specials were great but the bar had charged us a dollar more than what the special was noted on the screen. We didn't realize until the waiter mentioned. Atmosphere was nice and relax.I enjoyed my complimentary groping on the way in. I haven't been pat down in brothels as much as I was entering this place. My wife has neglected me compared to these peopleWe decided to get some food while we were waiting for our lanes to open up. Our waitress was drunk when she came over to us, slurring her words, inappropriately touching me, forgetting what we ordered, just not taking our drink order, ordering the wrong food. The waitress that took over was nice, but we talked to management and they didn't apologize for it nor reprimand her. She was still working when we left, dropping plates and dancing with a pole divider. Then the drunk waitress came over to our lane and just stood next to me while I was eating, not saying anything. It's a shame because the bowling was fun and the food was decent. I don't know if we'll ever be back.Waited a long time to get a lane for a group of 4 on a Saturday night. Once we got our lane, it took 30 minutes for our server to take our drink order. They were playing a if UFC fight which wasn't at all interesting to me. Best part of the night was playing shuffleboard!Waited over 40 mins for service during the Eagles playoff game. Didn't even get water and drinks. Wasn't that busy and they advertised specials for the game. Don't recommend going there.Service really sucks, especially on weekends. Nobody was really rude but nobody is too helpful either. It takes forever to place your order and then forever for your food to come. Many things on their menu are not there anymore. Some things might be out of stock at the time too. I went here on a Saturday night as 1 of a group of 6 to bowl. I gave it a couple of tries but unless something changes then I probably won't be back.
They do have great late night drink specials, however.Your bathrooms are disgusting, and that is a reflection of cleanliness, and therefore it tells me what your kitchen looks like. It makes me not want to order food or draft beer.  I dont think i'll be back, and judging from the low attendance thats usually there, apparently i'm not the only one you've disappointed. You're the only real sports bar in the area, youre squandering it!I've been back multiple times since my initial review. And truth be told, it still wasn't perfect, but it was much better than the last time in March. I think the service at the lanes still needs improvement, but I like bowling and they give you bowling. I like beer and they give you beer. 3 stars, but if they improve lane service I could see this being an almost four star place.We happen to be in the area, so decided to stop it. We didn't sit nor ordered a drink at the bar. We were fascinated with the decor and took plenty of playful pictures. 
No one approached us we walked around the entire restaurant and bowling area upstairs. Music was good and people seem to be having a good time. 
The meals being served looked very appetizing. 
Next time in the area, I will order a meal and a drink.Came for bowling and drinks on Saturday with family and friends. The space is very nice; large, plenty of seating, great tv's located all over, and nice restrooms. The service, however, was pretty sub par. It seems like no one working there really knows what is going on. There was bad communication about where we should go for our bowling (upstairs or down) and we waited almost 2 hours for a lane, yet there were open lanes all over. While bowling, we had to go to the bar every time we wanted drinks and the bar tender seemed overwhelmed, even though the bar was not seemingly busy. Right when our hour of bowling was up, we were asked to hurry and leave the lane. We wanted to have 2 hours but were told no. We moved to the bar area and the watched our lane, and several others, sit for another hour at least. Why could we have not extended with so many empty lanes? While we were there, we were told about a special for the following day, the Super Bowl. Based on that recommendation, we reserved a lane and thought we would give it another try for the game. The TVs were awesome and we figured it would not be overly crowded. When I arrived, I was told by the management that the special I was referencing was for walk in only and not reservations. The desk staff member who told us about it the day before advised me to make a reservation. I also pulled up the advertisement on Facebook and told them it was not advertised as such. They did end up honor the special after I complained, and though i give kudos for allowing it, I really hate being put in that position. We got settled in and had a nice time bowling. Our lane server was great, despite his lack of support. We would see him trying to get our drinks from the bar, but he would be waiting so long. He was always apologetic and did a great job. We finished bowling and were watching the game. The main bar ran out of cups and pitchers, so no one was getting drinks unless they brought a glass back with them. I waited 15 minutes for a pitcher of beer and stopped drinking after that because getting served felt impossible. The bar was also out of lite beer from 6pm on, which seems crazy during a super bowl weekend in a place that was not overly crowded. Unfortunately, this place is poorly managed and cannot live up to its potential. I do not think I will be going back anytime soon.My friends and I came here last Friday to watch the UFC PPV as they were showing it without a cover. We called ahead to make sure they were playing the entire card and if we would be able to hear it. We we were told yes to both. So spare this review multiple complaints I'll just say we had some difficulty getting the fights on the TVs near us and being able to hear it over the DJ playing-- however, all were eventually fixed when we inquired with the server. The server was extremely nice and accommodating, as I felt as a big group we had multiple needs and she did great! However, the food was expensive and a little underwhelming. Additionally and unfortunately, one in our group got the wrong order two times in a row. The beer list was great though which was a definite plus! However, when our server was scheduled to end her shift she cashed us out and told us another server would be taking our table, however no one else ever came. We also attempted to play games, but had a lot of difficulty getting the machines to reload money onto the cards that you must use to play the games. 
All being said, I would probably return under certain circumstances (to watch a UFC card or similar) but would probably skip the food and just have a couple drinks at the bar.I've been here multiple times, This place has so much potential that's just being wasted. Think it's time for this place to start looking into some new management. It's operations are just poorly run. No arcade game seems to work, the pool table upstairs is unusable, the bar service is crappy, the table service is crappy, the food often comes out crappy..and no one seems to care!
For a place smack dab in the middle of so many popular new venues/businesses (The Fillmore, Mad Rex, Goose Island, Punchline), Revolutions is 100% is last place among all of them, the service you receive at these other places compared to Revolutions is night and day. I want to like Revolutions, but the poor service, lack of working machines, and just an overall lack of hustle/care in this place will cause me not to return until something changes. Ownership you gotta do something!Did not like this place . Food was OK but expensive.  Service was absolutely horrible . Place was empty but still took over an hour to get served . Tiny game room.A couple of my friends and I went here for dinner and bowling last night; it was my first time there, but my boyfriend had been there before and said it was a decent place.
There was a wait before we could bowl so we figured we'd sit down to eat first. Our waitress came over and she seemed okay at first. While taking our order she told us in slurred speech "I'm a drinker and I like my drinks to be really strong" and she recommended a cocktail for my friend and me to try. As we were ordering she started leaning on my boyfriends shoulder to hold her up. Then she came around to take my friends order and she was leaning on her shoulder to hold herself up. She read back our orders and it was all completely wrong. 
Another waitress came over and asked if we had placed an order and we said yes and she asked what it was because our waitress had no idea. We then placed an order for different cocktails because we didn't want to be as drunk as our waitress. 
We approached the manager about the situation and she said she pulled our waitress from the floor because she noticed how drunk she was. She apologized profusely but didn't offer us free drinks or a discount (meanwhile our bill was $175 for four people not including the bowling...so a discount would have been really awesome considering our awful service). 
Then our waitress came over to our lane and stood over my friend's shoulder staring at us not saying anything. It was horribly uncomfortable and felt borderline threatening. 
We got a new waitress and she was awesome, and I have to say this place has absolutely the best cocktails in town. Our drinks were incredible, expensive..but so good that it didn't matter. Despite the amazing drinks, our terrible experience with the wait staff will definitely keep us away from this establishment. 
I would not recommend this place to a friend.Came for some food and drinks after work. Adela, the bartender was incredible. Let bes her and had a great time. Good drinks and great food! And awesome service. Ask for Adela at flair!Revolutions was a great place to go after attending a show at punchline philly. My girlfriend and I saw Chris porter and he was amazing. 
Food: we ordered one dish and it was par. We got the ahi tuna tacos which were topped with an extremely spicy jalapeño salsa. I enjoyed it a lot but it was almost too spicy. Otherwise this place has common bar food and an extensive burger menu. The menu is great, but the spiciness of the jalapeño salsa results in a...
3/5
Service: the bartender Maurice was the highlight of our Revolutions experience. He was extremely friendly and was ready with beer samples if my girlfriend and I had any questions. Maurice is the king of Flair Street and can do some amazing tricks with bottles and shakers. He has high hopes for Flair Street and all it has to offer. Maurice alone earns Revolutions a....
5/5
Location: the setting was amazing. Revolutions has a huge bowling ally inside. Even though I did not bowl I was very tempted. If you're looking to go somewhere to drink with an added bonus, this is the spot. Like I mentioned earlier; this is a great spot after a show at the Fillmore or punchline philly.
5/5
Total:13/15I will never be returning to this restaurant. Reasons why include the following: 
1. Service is slow as anything. There is literally maybe 8 people here and our food took forever. The servers literally stood at the counter and stared at us before coming and giving us a menu. They also took forever to come back with anything. Also my food was lukewarm at best, because it was sitting in the kitchen.
2. The food was ok. I got the Mustang burger and it would've been great if they didn't put this salty friend onion stuff on it. It made the burger extremely salty, so I ended up scraping it off. My friend's sandwich bun was hard. 
3. I paid ten dollars for an alcoholic milkshake called o face that wasn't blended whatsoever, and I had to wait till it melted a little before I could drink it. 
4. They have mice and fruit flies everywhere. We saw a mouse, not once, but twice, crawling around the bar. And there was at least twenty fruit flies floating all over the place. 
5. The music was insanely loud. I had to yell at my friend who was sitting next to me. 
Also they included gratuity on the check no matter the price. I'm assuming it's because no one tipped the servers, which I understand why. 
Our check was $53 dollars for two sandwiches and one drink. 
Overall it was a terrible experience and I will not be returning. Save your money and go somewhere else.Been here twice...the 1st time I went for Happy Hour (downstairs in the 21+ area). The 2nd time was a family outing, we bowled and then had dinner (upstairs). Both times I had great experiences. During HH the bartender was very friendly, our food came out in a timely manner, it was delicious huge portions. On my 2nd visit we were greeted, paid, and was escorted to our lane...yes escorted, loved that. Our waitress came, took our drink orders and I explained to her that we wanted to have dinner in the restaurant after bowling, she said no problem they'll just transfer our bill so we could just pay for everything after dinner. I got the chicken burger with the turkey bacon and onion ring (I got my sauce on the side and sub my cheese with Havarti) it was DELICIOUS. The rest of my family enjoyed their food too. I noticed the other reviews on here are not that great but that has not been my experience...I had an awesome time during both my visits. Of course I'm already planning my 3rd!So my friend ordered a beer and sliders at the same time... he had to grab the sliders himself from where the runner dropped them off(we waited 5 minutes staring at them) also it's been 10 minutes and counting, still no beer. It's a shame this place is managed so poorly, who only schedules one bartender for super bowl Sunday?? Also they somehow found a way to remove the picture of a mouse I posted from this place last month...Went in here for BNB Joint (burgers).  They have one in South Beach and it was the best burger I ever had.  This place was cool because it was trendy, with a bar and bowling alley, but the service and quality sucked.  There were maybe 20-25 people in the whole place.  Took easily 30 mins to get a burger, it was overcooked and had little flavor, fries were cold, and the server was slow.  I was excited at first at this place but I won't be going back.  Terrible food and service.We recently had our son's 5th birthday here and it was amazing. The staff and manager were wonderful to work with. The kids had an amazing time and everything was ready to go and in perfect order. The food was delicious and the kids loved having access to the arcade as well as the bowling.  It was so spacious and clean that everyone felt comfortable and had a great time. I highly recommend this place for a night of bowling or a private/group eventAn awesome family environment with fun and games. Great food and bowling. Fun for the kids and a section with adults beverages. First time here and will not be my last. Staff is amazing and very welcoming. I love this place.I thought it was weird that there's pretty much no buzzaround this place. They did a really bad marketing job. Other than it being next to the Fillmore it's nothing special about it. I definitely think they need better marketingHonestly, this place is the cats meow! It is so new and fresh inside and who doesn't want a 10 pound burger while you bowl !? My server, shane, was speedy and attentive to our group as we bowled the night away. Both he and the restaurant deserve 5 stars !!!I would never go back or never recommend this place. (Read the other bad reviews, don't waste your time) 
This was my first time visiting Revolutions. I called beforehand to add my name to the waitlist. When I called, the price was $7.95 for Saturday per person and about $3 for shoe rental.I could not add my name to waitlist which was fine because there was no wait (it was not busy at all). 
When I arrived the guy at the front desk up-charged us $35 per an hour. I stated that we called and the price mentioned over the phone was $7.95, he said: "yeah that's old, that's from when we first opened it's $35/hr now". I stated well you guys should change the message and I would like the price to be honored. The employee rolled his eyes and called his manager to adjust the price, I am sure I am not the first person who did mention​ed this.  He asked how many games we wanted to play and I said two games. 
When our 1st game ended we asked for help because we could not restart the game. When the employee came over he said "you played to two" however we only played one. He argued back and forth with me telling me that I played to 2 games - it was not going anywhere so He then said well you did play two games because each player is one game. NOW listen to this ignorant statement, he said: "I am one game and my friend was the second game, which totals two games and I would need to pay for another game". I NEVER heard of this. And we paid for 2 games. 
I am certain that because we did not pay the $35 initially he tried to get extra money from us by lying and charging us for another game. What an insult, I was frustrated because he was trying to get over. I would never go back to this place. We just left because it was not worth it, I would not be surprised if they are close soon.Where do I start? The space is beautiful but that is the only good thing I can say. This is a total gimmick bar. The food was incredibly bland and burgers don't even come with fries! 
Bowling and food are WAY overpriced. If you want good food and you want to bowl, go to North Bowl. I'll probably be back because it's so conveniently located but I won't order food. This place is basically for people from the burbs who think Dave & Busters is too "urban"I found this place by running around where I live. We wanted to try it out. Fun music and entertaining bartenders. A drink broke in my hand and the employees were so kind and and replaced my drink.  Refreshing to interact with people who seem to enjoy their place of employment and are friendly!! Highly recommended!Saw the advertisement for $15 unlimited bowling after 9PM, according to the manager the lanes haven't been waxed in days and if you are an avid bowler you know this is unacceptable. The only positive is that they did refund my money after saying something. I left after 6 frames. Bowler beware.Overall: 3.16
Food: NA 
Service: 3
Price: 2.5
Atmosphere: 4
My friend and I went here to hangout and bowl a little, so this review is excluding the food aspect. It's located on the 2nd floor of the building for public use. There is a small arcade for a change of pace if you don't want to bowl or take a break. 
For show rentals and an hour of play, it was roughly 24/ person. The cashier and employee was fairly nice and welcoming. The lanes looked a little longer and also oddly slanted ?? I could be wrong but my throws kept going and leaning towards one direction.
Disclaimer: I'm no professional bowler so take it with a grain of salt. Overall, I do not believe this place was worth it. It was fun with the different a bowling modes but it would have been fun if we went to a cheaper spot and didn't have slanted lanes.This place was terrible. Save your money and go to north bowl instead. We sat right down to bowl for an hour. No one came up to us once to ask us if we wanted drinks or food. They served everyone around us but us. Absolutely ridiculous. Never going back.My first time visiting this place was yesterday ( on a Tuesday). I have no complaints. It wasn't busy, in fact the downstairs was closed. A few sisters (about 10 of us) went to celebrate Founders Day and we were seated as soon as we spoke to the hostess. (right away) I ordered the Ocean Burger Blackened (mahi-mahi). This fish was cooked perfect and seasoned. The bread was soft and the fixings were fresh. Tuesday nights are $4 Tito's Vodka and my drink was good. (mixed with ginger beer and some limes) The rest of my party didn't have any complaints with their food, in fact everyone seemed happy with their choices.I was really excited to give this place a shot but I was soooo disappointed. We took my brother out for his 16th birthday on Saturday to bowl and it was pretty slow so one would assume the service would be okay. IT WAS THE WORST I EVER HAD. I ordered buffalo chicken pizza and wings for the kids. They seemed to like it. However they had to eat on PAPER TOWELS (that I grabbed from another lane) even after I asked for plates twice. I also asked for a pitcher of soda at the beginning of the meal to make things easier and was told no. After waiting 20 minutes for refills he gave us a pitcher? $130 later and I have never been so upset. I had to wait at the front counter and ask 2 different people for my check. We planned on letting them do the arcade but instead we walked to north bowl because we were so bothered. No apology from anyone on the wait.We love it here for bowling! Bowling is cheap even on the weekends and it's a great meet up place for friends. Service here is hit or miss. We've always had good service at the upstairs bar, but the service at the downstairs and upstairs bowling area all are disappointing. the servers never know who's taking what lanes/tables and they always look confused. The food is typical bar food and their portions are HUGE so it's good for group sharing.I have posted one review in 7 years on Yelp.  But I came here yesterday to watch football and grab a bite and after my experience I wanted to chime in.  First off: the place is clean and inviting. Staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.  Great experience there.
However, after $2 Miller Lites, there wasn't much to get exited about.  I got the Quinoa Kale salad ($11) with shrimp ($18!!).  I was expecting a bunch of shrimp but received FOUR butterflied shrimp (31/35 count or smaller) that were cooked into jerky!!  Salad was 98% Quinoa with some chunks of avocado.  Dressing was listed as Jalapeño Vinaigrette but had little to no flavor.   My GF got some shoestring fries ($4) that were tasty. 
In short: If you want a kid friendly spot for beers then swing by, but eat anywhere else first.  This place is $3-4 over price on almost all apps, salads and sandwiches.We enjoyed our time here before a concert next door at the Fillmore. Prices were a bit high but not bad for the area. Beer was $4 and the cheeseburger was $15. The burger was a little disappointing considering the waiter mentioned that's what they were known for. Not bad by any means though. Curly fries were solid. Chicken sandwich and pretzel appetizer all quite good. Service was good and drinks were good and the building itself is great. Very cool place with good views. Was a little slow on a Sunday afternoon but looks like a great place to be at night. Bowling and bar were fun. Enjoyed the atmosphere thoroughly. Would definitely go back.What a beautiful new venue and friendly staff. I would highly recommend anyone looking to throw an event, bowl with friends, or watch a football game to check this place out. There are a ton of TVs, music playing in the background, daily drink/food/bowling specials, and a great view of the city from upstairs. I threw a small baby shower here and it was a huge hit! Dara was the perfect event coordinator.  We'll definitely be back!This is a new bar, sports bar, bowling alley, arcade, etc opened next to the Fillmore. The flair bar downstairs advertises specialty cocktails. I got a zen martini which was presented beautifully, but taste wise was mediocre at best. My friend got some watermelon cocktail which was way too sweet. They do try to do some bartending tricks, but for the same price (cocktails average around $12-13 I think) I could get a significantly better tasting cocktail elsewhere. 
The bowling alleys are nice, but again pricey. North Bowl is close by and cheaper.Doesn't even deserve one star.
Took our family here for dinner and bowling on a Wednesday evening. There were seven in our party. Five adults and our two grandchildren.
We were seated for dinner (it was NOT crowded) and waited about 15 minutes to see a waitress who took our drink order - 2 mixed drinks, a glass of wine and a beer. 15 minutes later, after asking for our drinks, the waitress took our food order. Drinks arrived after another 10 minutes and after we ordered food (appetizers and entrees).  The presentation was perplexing - two martini drinks were served in tall water glasses with the wrong ingredients -no olives, too many jalepenos, etc. and sent back. We were told that, despite the fact that they were on the table display menu,  the bar staff were not used to making those drinks. 
By this time we had waited a total of an hour at the table (with no food) when our bowling lane became available. The young children were tired and hungry so the manager agreed to bring our food to our lane. We waited 10 minutes at our lane when some of our food arrived. There wasn't really space there without encroaching on the space of the folks bowling next to us, but our neighbors seemed to understand since they had waited a half hour for a milk shake.  
A few entrees came first. Some entrees never arrived. A few appetizers came after the entrees and another appetizer at the end. Here is what all this looked like:
Quesedillaa - NO CHEESE in them 
Ceaser salad - just lettuce and some dressing - no cheese and served in a pyrex mixing bowl.
Mustang Sally - supposed to be a burger with toppings like proscuitto, brie, onion marmalade ordered medium rare - turned out to be very gray burger with nothing but lettuce, tomato and a rock hard bun that split in half when touched.
Rooster Sandwich - grilled chicken with turkey bacon, jalapeno, jack cheese - never showed up and when we asked again it arrived after the fact but was just a giant piece of chicken on a bun. No toppings. 
Fried pickles and Nachos - not good at all, arrived after entrees, but made it. Woo hoo!
Hot dogs - stale buns, weird toppings. Grilled onions were raw sliced onions, there was no relish so they sliced large pickles on top.
Other fun stuff: 
We were given an empty ketchup squeeze bottle. When asked for another we were given one with BBQ sauce instead.
Glasses were cracked. 
Water pitchers were filled with just ice. 
And it went like that all night.
We had to argue to get some items off the bill. We were then comped a round of drinks which was delivered to us as we were walking out of the building (in our coats). We gave them out to others in the bar. We refused to pay for some items and had to pay for others. It really was comical but a total waste of my money and a night out with our family. What a joke. 
Just go to North Bowl.This bowling alley has a warehouse vibe. Cool area to visit with lots of things to do in the surrounding area.  They provide a nice feature of sending you a text message when the lane is ready for you... this is great because it allows you to leave the bowling alley and enjoy a drink at the distillery near by!
Unfortunately there was a UFC fight going on, which they had it viewing on all the projection screens... made it a bit distracting to try to bowl when you're seeing men knocking the crap out of each other lol
Service is a bit slow, so it may be best to go during the work week.Really? One poor bartender on super bowl Sunday!? This place is awful and it's no wonder it's never busy. Besides the mice we saw running from the kitchen by the bowling lane I can't see why I would come back here. Don't go here this place is a waste of time. Awful service and poorly managed.I will make this short and sweet. This place is built to pull money out of you for zero return. 
I ordered a burger. The burger is priced for just the burger, 9$. If u add cheese, 1 to 2$. If you add bacon 4$. When the burger came out it was the size of a walnut cooked thru (I ordered medium) and the bun it was on dwarfed it immensely.
Others at my table ordered similar million dollar food items, such as salad with shrimp and also experienced awful results. 
I assume this place is aiming for tourists or people from jersey. That is why I am writing to warn them, this place is garbage. Save your money and go to the many other options you have around you. This place needs a reboot or a burn down.Stopped here for a quick bite before a Punchline Philly show. Didn't want to stay after reading the rest of the reviews, but glad we did. Our table enjoyed the Hotel California burger and Hey Jude and Rooster chicken burgers with yummy skinny fries and sweet potato fries. The burgers were great (and very filling), even the chicken burgers (the Hey Jude came slathered with creamy Havarti, thick bacon, fresh avocado and a not-too-sweet honey mustard). Service was also great.This place is awful.
Came here on a Saturday night with friends and ordered food. 2 hours later some people's food came out. Half the food was burnt and clearly under the lights too long. The other half never came. 
Never coming here again.This place is terrible!! The food is corny and not as good as advertised. The prices are outrageous. The employees are rude and all seem like they have been drinking. The managers are no where to be found when I asked to speak with one. The waitresses seem like they dont know what theyre doing. And to top it all off it took me forever to find the main entrance to this place. Overall I waisted my time and money. I regret recommending this place to my friends in town from Kansas City. They said "we have more fun tipping cows on the farm," after asking them how their night was. 
There was one girl however that seemed really sweet. She was the only person to greet us when my party arrived but then a few minutes later I overheard her getting fired in the lobby in front of guests and other employees. Now I'm no lawyer but that definitely sounds illegal or something. The poor girl was so upset and embarassed. I wanted to complain about it but of course the owner was "unavailable." 
So yea, Revolutions at Penn Treaty was probably the worse night out I've ever experienced in Philadelphia. Those Floridians are giving us a bad name.I celebrated a friend's birthday here.  I went online to reserve lanes, but didn't do it that way because I felt it was overpriced and I didn't like the cancellation policy.  We decided to wait until we arrived and was glad we did.  It wasn't that crowded and there were many lanes available and the costs were significantly cheaper in person.  
The bowling was ok - the food was Eh - the service was slow and poor.  I think this place has great potential, but they need to relaunch after training the staff again - changing the menu and offer more specials on weekends.I want this place to be good. In fact, the food is good. The atmosphere is good. The service is beyond awful. We had a fairly large party, so if you're going to go here with a few friends or with your significant other, it's probably fine. But I've never seen such unorganized service. They accommodated our party by comping five burgers that took 45 minutes to come out after everyone's food, but even that didn't make up for the ineptitude. They are clearly understaffed and from I found out last night, there's no immediate attention being paid to making sure that's fixed. 
As I said, if you're on a date, or with maybe five friends, you're probably going to be okay. Maybe drink beforehand because they don't even acknowledge you at the lanes. On second thought, maybe go somewhere else.Came here for a night of bowling with friends and was super excited to discover this gem in the heart of fishtown, right next to the Fillmore. 
The space is huge. There's a bar area downstairs (didn't look particularly happening on a Friday night) and upstairs there are a bunch of bowling lanes, a small arcade, and another bar. 
The lanes and space are modern and updated and clean, which I appreciate. The bowling prices are fair (we came as a group of 6 and bowled for 2 hours with show rental for about $112 total). 
Service wasn't bad- but my friends were upset when the waitress recommended a bottle of wine without telling them the price (the bottle they originally asked for wasn't cold so she suggested the other wine) - they ended up paying $50 for the bottle. 
Otherwise, the bowling was fun, the music was GREAT and it was a fun atmosphere that isn't nearly as crowded as the other bowling spaces in Philadelphia. Our group of 6 came on Friday night at 10 pm and got in with no wait.The service at the bar was lousy, actually it was horrible. I was expecting to have a good time before going to the comedy club across the street but it was a bad start to the evening.    Hopefully this was not the typical service. For now the service is 1 star or less.Let me start off by saying that I had a great time here with my friends (who are also on yelp)! We played shuffleboard while we waited for our lane to open up. So fun. We got to bowl 1.5 games in our hour- also a great time. Shout out to mike for winning. Good beer selection. I enjoyed my beer.
Now to the bad stuff. Everywhere I looked there were spilled drinks that weren't cleaned up. There was a spilled drink on the rails of the shuffleboard table. There was a spilled drink between our seats and our bowling lane that my good friend mike had to cleaned up. I saw multiple other spots of spilled drinks. Next, service was slow and hard to find. Trying to track down our server to pay the tab probably took us 20 minutes- we even tried to pay at the bar and couldn't. Place seemed sloppy and under staffed.Last Friday night I was pulling some friends together for a hang out, and decided on this locale. Despite the location hosting a private party we were still able to reserve two lanes next to each other, which was nice. However it is super expensive to bowl...$40 for an hour. And the game cuts off as soon as the hour is up regardless of if it is mid game or not, so this may not be the best option for the serious bowler. All this aside my crew and I had a great time, and weren't rushed from the couch area by the lane after our hour was up. 
The drink selection was nice as well. I sipped on dogfish 60 all night, which made me a happy customer.
The food was decent too. I got fried pickles which were as good or better than any other I've ever had. My friend ordered the tater tots and we were all shocked with how much he was given. Basically like three pounds of tots. My date had a burger which he liked.
Service was friendly and attentive, and on a Friday night we didn't have to wait for anything. I'll definitely keep this spot in mind for my next get together.My 8 year old son and I walked in and went to check in. Stood there for at least 5 minutes. No one was at the register. Group of employees were working in the 21+ section and no one acknowledged us. A male employee came to the register and clocked in and didn't say a word to us. Um...ok. Are we invisible? Finally a man comes from around the corner and told me to go upstairs and check in since I have a child with me. What I didn't understand was why no one told me while I foolishly waited in front of check in while different employees obviously saw me and my son standing there. Annoyed. Went upstairs checked in with the girl at the register and she apologized after I told her what happen. She was sweet and helped us get started. It's pretty pricey to bowl here on a Friday night. It was like $48 for 2 people for 1 Hour including 2 shoes rental. I don't mind paying that much but if I am, at least have the bathroom be somewhat decent. Practically 10 different stalls and all of them were disgusting. When was the last time someone cleaned the bathroom?!? 
I'm giving this place 2 stars because of the sweet girl at the register and our waiter, I think name Anthony or Andrew. He was a tall white gentleman. He was super cool and fun to chat with. We ordered food and drinks and bowled for an hour and he kept his eye on us and checked in and chatted with us. 
Afterwards we headed over to the game area cause my son wanted to play some video games and why did close to half the games didn't work? My poor son was running around trying to swipe his card and half the time the games didn't even work. We told the girl at the register and she apologized and put a few more dollars on our playing card for my son to play the games that actually did work. He used half the card playing the game that had he claw with the mini rubber duckies since it was like one of the only game that worked.
Disappointed in this place. Next time I stick to South Bowl.Not surprised this place finally closed down. The handful of times I've been here in the past the service has been abysmal and the place bordered on disrepair. From nonfunctioning arcade machines to chairs with broken legs and cracked bowling balls. 
Its a shame the management seemed to have given up on this place far before it closed. Such a great concept with such good potential.My cousin invited me here for his wife's birthday. I thought this was the coolest place ever. This place has enough space to make you forget you're inside of a bowling alley. Second floor has an arcade and a separate bar with tv's on the wall. We decided to play in the first floor which also had a bar and lounge service. Our server took GREAT care of us. Definitely will be coming back to this placeThe service was horrible.  Waited 30 minutes to order food. Food was cold and did not look appetizing.Had to hunt down the waitress. I would not recommend dining there. The pizza was so thin, it fell apart, not edible at all.The venue is nice, the staff were friendly, and the prices were reasonable. I'm a foodie so I was hoping for some good food while we waited for a lane to open but I was terribly disappointed. If I do return I will eat before I get there. The drinks were decent but I've had better especially for those prices. One drink and I was done.
I did enjoy watching the staff come out with the 10 pound burger a party order. It was a beautiful sight to see.
I loved the lanes and the tech used. You can customize the avatars on the screen which I liked.