This is a really good spot, the banana stuffed French toast is the best and it's a huge portion! Also got a wrap, beef bacon, egg, And cheese sandwich it was all good and reasonably priced! The restaurant was clean and the staff were friendly! I would suggest stopping inWe were coming from the airport after a drop off so early the streets were bare. Perhaps a sketchy part of town, maybe South Philly just looks like this... but we were ready and it was there.
A smallish house with a decent menu and better than decent coffee. I am a bit of a coffee snob, this was above expectations.
We thoroughly appreciated the service, offerings, quality, and the music selection.
I have no idea if the prices were par on a local level, but we thought it was a deal. With relatives located tlwhere PHL is going to be a regular thing for the next few years, this place is marked on my map as worthy of a return.I found this place here on yelp and OMG everything was indescribably DELICIOUS! The Party Grits loaded with crab, salmon, & shrimp creamy and fulfilling! The waffles needed no syrup every bite reminded me of my most favorite dessert..The fried swai was light & fresh along with even the fluffy eggs! A TEN in my Book!Stopped by this place after someone recommended it on Facebook. I made my way down 95 to this little breakfast place. Was greeted by kindness as I sat down to an imprint of the game sorry. Ordered chicken and waffles and it was outstanding. The presentation was picture worth and tasted even better. They even supplied this sweet and spicy sauce for the chicken that gave a great twist to the meal. Overall great place and highly recommend it!Business isn't open on the hours and times posted. We drove all the way here based on great reviews.  Its 934 am 9n Sunday morning in January, the place is shuttered. Called no, answer. Owner should update hours to reflect real open/close times.EXCELLENT!!!!  Tyrik has a great little known gem. Outstanding,Flavorful, Quality food. Impeccable service. Dayana (I hope I spelled it right) provided A+ service from the time we called until we walked out the door. Everything we had was delish , chicken & waffles, Party Grits, and Banana Fosters French Toast.  You cannot leave without having the funnel cake fries.  We brought my mother who is blind and in a wheelchair. The staff  were excellent and assisted with everything. Keep up the great work Rhythm and Brunch. Will definitely be back.Stopped here with my Uber particular mom. She had a chicken rice bowl, and I had a chicken quesadilla w/ house made pico de gallo. This was the best quesadilla I've ever had! Everything was so fresh, and the portion sizes were big! The quesadilla was drizzled with a queso sauce that was yummy. I ordered funnel cake fries as well and they were flavorful, not too greasy and they were drizzled with a caramel sauce. The menu design and selections were ingenious. The restaurant was clean and it seems it's a popular hangout for cops. We'll definitely be back.Love this place. Uber eats started my addiction but I also fell in love with the atmosphere when I went in for pick up. The music selection in this restaurant is on point! Food is great! Chicken and waffles and funnel cake fries are a must! Fish and grits is the bomb! The staff is very friendly and professional.Such a gem in SW Philly! Great food, generous portions, affordable prices and awesome staff. I ordered the chicken and waffles here and they were delicious. Well seasoned fried chicken with crispy waffles. At least two full meals in the serving. I can't wait to order from them again.Ughhhhh such a gem in this area of ours. Finally a spot in SWPHILLY for brunch. Banging food, decent portions... service was cool. Definitely coming back. Actually about to order again today. HollaI had Brunch at Rhythm and Brunch today and had an amazing time. Good music, great staff great customer service and food was perfect. I couldn't decide on a beverage and Nish mixed me a drink and it was perfect. I love that you have so many things to pick from and everything taste good. Good job I will be returning.Yelp says they open at 7, their sign states they open at 8. I try the door at 757 and am told their not open yet and am sent away.  Benefit of the doubt, their place, their rules.  Waited until 820 am an now leaving.I can only give 4 stars because I didn't actually eat at this restaurant, but enjoyed their food through UberEats. I ordered the French toast and homiefries lol. The potatoes were perfectly seasoned and cooked. I asked for onions that were perfectly caramelized, sweet and tender. The french toast was simply delicious. The portion sizes were enough for two meals, but I shared my food with my small children. I'm  definitely looking forward to visiting the actual restaurant.Business took me to Southwest Philly and I was HUNGRY! Lucky for me, I found this cool spot right on Elmwood for lunch and I'm glad I did!
I met chef/owner Tarik who is the mastermind behind this restaurant. Great guy with a wealth of experience working for some of our town's great restaurants and catering company's as well as a graduate of The Restaurant School. 
It's a soft opening but the menu had some creative choices at reasonable prices. 
I got there before the lunch rush. 
I tried the crab grilled cheese with spinach and onion. It was HUGE and DELICIOUS. Service was friendly and efficient.
I judge a restaurant not just on the food but the cleanliness. The bathroom was one of the cleanest, most spacious handicap accessible I've seen in Philly. I like an owner who covers all the details.
I most definitely will return - especially to try some of the breakfast items!Don't know what's the hype about..was there a couple of days ago and asked for funnel cakes fries, they DO NOT have and was told haven't had them for a while now. Really, that was the main reason I came...smh! As for the food, party grits was more like "train wreck grits". For $20 bucks I expected a lot more than I received. It was  a pinch and I do mean a pinch of salmon and crab meat in it. However, I did see the 3  large shrimps. Eggs were cold and not freshly made. It was something that you would get from a buffet that has been sitting for a while. Food came before utensils which I had to ask for. Parking was horrible. Would not refer!I must say this was a great meal! I googled best grits and shrimp and this restaurant came up. I was skeptical but I couldn't be more pleased. I will return. The grits and .... was all that, whatever you want with grits they serve it. Grits and beef grits and salmon grits and etc go for yourself. While sitting there the place filled quickly. Go early they have take out too and no I don't work there just pleasantly surprised!Great food!!! The grits are awesome, I love that there is a vegetarian option for breakfast meat. The place is a little small, but I totally understand why they're there..... the rent has gotta be dirt cheap! The service is not the greatest and that's the only reason I give it 4 stars. Pack your patience, and go enjoy an EXCELLENT meal! Good is 10 out of 10 and that's why I'll keep coming backThis is a very very nice breakfast/brunch restaurant in the most unlikely location !!! I've been residing within the Philadelphia area for years and I'm a foodie so I'm familiar with a lot of Restaurants, and I had no idea that this one existed!  Not  only is it beautiful inside and the food exquisite looking, but it also maintains a decent price tag . The food in here looks good and taste great , the customer service was awesome and I think I waited about 20 to 25 minutes for my food . My waiter was super attentive, and everything was made to perfection. It's definitely not a breakfast joint I can eat at every day because it's a little higher in price, but it's definitely one of those breakfast joints you wanna visit for special occasions. My meal cost me about $30 excluding tip. It was worth the visit . Parking easily available and the amount of seafood on the menu was overwhelming. P.S. I ordered a seafood omelette , beef hot sausage, waffles, and home fries .Looked a little sketchy when we first got there but the food was amazing! Chicken wings had great flavor, waffles were great, and the stuffed French toast was sweet but delicious!I just called the restaurant to verify their closing time, (a yelp review stated after arriving at the establishment they found the business was closed , although their posted hours indicated they should have been open ) the young lady that answered the phone asked me "oh what time is it" I said "6:55" she responded "oh we should be open until about 8" I said "ok, I'll call back with my order" I called back at 7:06pm , another person answered the phone and said "we're closed" I said "I just called and I was told you all were closing at 8pm", she said "we are slow tonight so we are closing now"On our way to the airport our plane was delayed. My sister suggested stopping in for breakfast since she had heard some good reviews about the establishment. Between the four of us we had pancakes, eggs your way, fish and grits, beef and turkey sausage. Everything was tasty and looking forward to my next visit. FYI- they are a little pricey from the initial view of the menu (larger platters) but you can order smaller portions.Glad to finally have been able to hit this place up. Parking was found on Elmwood, across from the location. Be mindful of the signage/where you park, the Parking Authority was hanging out ticketing. 
The inside was clean, with a couple of TV's and nicely placed art on the walls. For a lunch break it was half full of patrons mostly for takeout. The bathroom was stocked and also clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful with the menu. Their first recommendation was the fish and grits with shrimp as an add on so I went with that. 
The portion size is big so bring an appetite, or a friend with you. The grits were delicious, a lot of people frown on poor grits but these had character, they were thick, buttery, creamy, had corn flavor and were a little cheesy, the sautéed fish on top was flaky, seasoned with some peppery kick which was a welcoming addition. The flavors were balanced so well and the addition of the shrimp was worth it. The shrimp were cooked and seasoned very well. 
The menu had a lot of great choices, but I went with a solid recommendation this visit. I'll return because other menu items were calling my name!  I snagged some funnel cake fries and monkey bread to share with my office staff and they did not disappoint. The funnel cake fries were crisp, spot on and addicting, the monkey bread had fresh banana and cinnamon flavors if that's your thing and was delicious as well. 
This place is a must try!I wish this was around when I was living in the area. It was a cute place to come in and grab breakfast with my family. I had the waffle that was grilled in batter and sprinkled with powder sugar. I also had a side of chicken sausage and eggs. I have to say, many spots get eggs wrong and they are hard and over scrambled, but these were not only soft but HOT eggs. The waffles were not as hot, and i could tell they probably cooked them first, but I am willing to forgive that since they were still tasty. I will definitely be back, since I'm in the neighborhood a lot.Stopped in here on a recommendation from a friend and will definitely be going back. Small, and local "spot" atmosphere. Clean and comfortable. The R&B playing was perfect.  Ok, the food.  I'm vegetarian.  I had the waffles, vegan sausage patty, a side of grits, and the brunch punch.  The waffles were really good!  The vegan sausage was good, and the grits banged!  My son had the pancakes, homefries, eggs, beef bacon and chicken sausage. He liked my waffles better but I loved the pancakes too. He also raved about the bacon. All of the food was really savory and I'd say perfectly balanced. The waitresses were also really kind and helpful, and consistent with "relaxed" vibe of the place.  It felt like the R&B theme went from the music to the food to the people.  I went on a Sunday afternoon after church.I was really looking forward to checking it out after all the great reviews. I took an Uber across town from my hotel only to arrive to the establishment being closed without warning.  There were several other patrons that showed up to the closed restaurant while I was there as well. It was a complete waste of $20. Additionally the number is disconnected so there's no way to check in advance.Food was delicious and fresh, great portions...I had the shrimp alfredo, and my girl had the chicken and waffles "sweet as taboo"...the food was amazing, we also ordered the corn muffin and jerk chicken cheese steak, all delicious and worth the moneyGreat food. Large portions. Excellent music. I will definitely be back. As a tourist to the city, I was happy to find a locally owned restaurant. I even bought a t-shirt! I had the fish and grits (added shrimp) - very tasty. The chef brought every table a complimentary round of funnel cake fries, drizzled with caramel sauce and powdered sugar. Freakin delicious. 
The staff was mostly friendly. Couldn't give 5 stars because the servers didn't seem to work as a team; one ignored my request for the check and insisted that I speak to my assigned server.Found this place on yelp and am definitely happy I did! We took a Lyft here and not gonna lie it looks a little suspect on the outside but inside is very clean and welcoming. The service was great and so was the food!  The food is very flavorful and I loved that they have a variety of breakfast meat options ie turkey and beef options. If you're considering stop and go here!Never been to Rhythm and Brunch before but I am thankful I went tonight. They had a wing special going on... 
The special was called "Malik's Wing Bowl". The wings came in several different flavors. I opted for the BBQ Jerk. They were crispy and covered in a delicious BBQ Jerk sauce. I wondered why it was so crowded when walking pass. After tasting the wings, I understood why. 
The wings are to die for... I was not expecting a crispy wing with sauce. The ratio was just right. I assumed they would be on the softer side as most wing places usually prepare wings either crispy and dry or with a moist oven baked taste. Not Rhythm and Brunch. The wings were crispy on the outside; not overly crispy... With a popping flavor and juicy inside. 
I'm definitely looking forward to going back and trying all of the tempting flavors. So glad I was in the right place at the right time. I received at least 10 wings, a mound of delicious fries and an old fashioned made sweet iced tea. Well worth the price. Definitely going back! 
There was no thought of writing a review at the time so unfortunately. I have no photos to share. I will next time. I ate the wings and decided to write this review as an afterthought because they were so good and I had to share the experience. I will share pictures of my next visit. 
What are the chances of running into such a pot of gold on a Friday evening after a long weeks work?Had The Sweetest Taboo. My Meal Consisted Of French Toast, Eggs, & Fried Maple Chicken. Everything Was Tasty. I Can't Complain About Anything. Clean Atmosphere, Attentive Server.Where did this place come from?!!!
Absolutely amazing!
It all started when our server brought out a bowl of freshly fried funnel cake fries dusted with powdered sugar and a caramel drizzle. What??!! Sooo yummy! 
Soon after, the food came out...
Sumptuous Party Grits loaded with shrimp, crabmeat and cheese. The dish is also served with 2 pieces of fish, cooked how you like. My daughter ordered hers fried.  Mine was sauteed and added to my party bowl. I usually like grits, but not that much. THESE grits though...I cleaned the bowl! 
The chicken and waffles was a beautiful combination of nicely fried wing portions that were made even better with a couple of drops of hot sauce. The waffles were like fried cake! So yummy, I forgot to add syrup. They were delicious without it. 
Portions were large. Prices were fair. Breakfast for 3 was just over $60. You can BYOB. Space is on the small side. Hopefully, they expand because they're going to need the space!This is place is great. The food is absolutely phenomenal.  Breakfast Potatoes you will not find any where else, seriously! Pancakes better then ihop, cracker barrel and any diner. Most go! Egg white omelet PERFECTION!Oh yeah....coming in at #1 for some damn good shrimp and grits in Philly area!  Now I've had many, East coast, west coast, up north and down south; right here is ranking right up there with some good old New Orleans cooking. A small little restaurant with wonderfully friendly staff and chef/owner. Today's brunch consisted of salmon and grits, shrimp and grits, and some pineapple upside down pancakes between the 2 of us (I know lil piggies right!). Oh yeah, how could I  forget about the free funnel cake fries! Everything was very good, lots of flavor! Will be having this one again, mos def!This place is absolutely amazing. Everything looks so good. I couldn't decide what I wanted! I decided on the fish and grits, and I'm so glad that I did. The fish was perfectly seasoned and the grits went perfectly with the fish.  
 It's also really clean. They give you your silverware wrapped!I look forward to coming back to eat at Rhythm and Brunch. I am relishing in this dining experience. I learned about the Rhythm and Brunch via Instagram. During my Saturday night visit, I expected to have a brunch or breakfast menu item. However, this Saturday night the menu did not have any brunch entrees. This night, the special menu was Major Flavor by Chef Quannie Way.
I choose the creamy garlic + herb-grilled salmon as an entree with a side of herb fried rice and mac n' cheese. Each entree comes with two sides. Initially, I wanted sweet potatoes as a side but - they were sold out. My meal was delicious; the salmon was cooked to perfection. I cannot wait to have the creamy garlic + herb-grilled salmon again. 
Additionally, I choose to have loaded fries was an appetizer. The loaded fries are amazing. These decadent fries were topped with cheese, grilled onion and pepper, and sliced jalapeno peppers. Undeniably, these cheese fries are a top contender for best cheese fries in the city. 
I am completely enthralled by this dining experience at Rhythm and Brunch. The food was delicious and left a lasting impression. I love the board game theme tables. The entree was reasonably priced compared to the quality and portion size. I would be more than willing to have the same meal at a higher price point because it is undoubtedly worth it. I am looking forward to returning to Brunch and Rhythm to hopefully make my way through the menu.I ordered bacon n eggs, no hash, no toast. She looked at me like I'm crazy. "Don't you want no *real* food?... You did see the red velvet waffles? You said you came all the way from California, you can't come all that way and not have no real *good* food.... okay! So would you like the pancakes or the waffles?" She was as sweet as the pancakes.I had a craving for shrimp and grits, so I typed "shrimp and grits" into Yelp. To my surprise, Yelp revealed several restaurants, one was Rhythm and Brunch. I decided to take the 15 min ride to check out this place. 
I arrived and found a few parking spots directly across the street. I was shocked that I found parking because the eatery is in neighborhood on a busy street. I parked and entered the restaurant. There were plenty of seats available. I placed my order, shrimp and grits with a side of fish (for an extra $5) at the counter. I had a chance to check out a Fresh Prince rerun while I waited for my food. My order arrived timely. I don't feel that I waited too long nor did I feel like the wait wasn't long enough for the food to be freshly prepared. 
My shrimp and grits were fantastic!! I found the dish to be full of flavor (buttery and savory). I would have liked more than 3 shrimps though. Now, my side of fish (whiting) was good. However, I wished the fish fillets were larger. I felt like they were a little tiny for my liking. I was able to eat all 3 pieces of fish and I usually never get past the first whiting fillet at other restaurants (or even at home). 
I plan to return to check out the upside down pineapple pancakes. I'll be sure to clear out extra room in my stomach to fit all of the food I order.Last day in Philly & I saw this place on the restaurant.com website. After reading reviews I was very excited to try it. Upon entering we weren't greeted & waited 50 minutes to receive our food. Several people that came after us were served before us. The grits & wings were very good, but the waffles were tough, eggs were bland, bacon was more like jerky, overcooked and super rough. Also, we had to flag someone down to get utensils for our food. It also took a while to get someone's attention to get our bill & when I showed my restaurant.com gift card I was told that they didn't accept it. When the waitress brought the bill back her already unfriendly attitude was worse, I guess because we tried to use a gift card. Overall, very unpleasant experience. If I ever come back to Philly, I will not return and I do not recommend it for others either.I dined at Rhythm and Brunch today for the first time here and it will definitely not be my last. I had the fried chicken wings and classic waffles with eggs (Sweetest Taboo on the menu) and everything was great. My sister had pancakes, veggie sausage, and eggs and she loved her food as well. We got there a little after 11 and there were plenty of open tables but by the time we left the place was packed, deservingly so! 
Maxine was our waitress and she was an absolute sweetheart! She helped us decide on our order and went through just about everything on the menu for us. She really made sure we enjoyed ourselves. 
The atmosphere was really nice and the music was great! There's so many things I want to try on the menu, I will definitely be back!Cute neighborhood spot with an amusing menu and awesome brunch choices. From the side pieces to the Biggie special, plenty of choices. Personally had the salmon omelet, it was ridiculous. Shrimp and grits will be on my next visit, because I will be back!We searched for a brunch place on out way out of Philly from the Army-Navy game and came across Rhythm and Brunch!! Great food!! Ample portions and great service!! Will keep it in mind next year when Army beats Navy again!Waited an hour for our food to arrive. The waitress didn't seem to care after we asked about our food 3 times. We got the three stooges and the burger with a side of beef sausage....the burger was outrageously overcooked, potatoes were cold, scrambled eggs were cold and weirdly runny (couldn't eat them) and the beef bacon tasted like fish somehow. I'd really recommend NOT going...ever!My husband and I went to Rhythm and Brunch for the first time. We sat for 30 minuets and all we received was a menu. No one asked if we wanted anything to drink. Another party of two came in after us and within 10 minutes the waitress walked over and took their order before ours. We just quietly walked out. No scene, unnecessary. I am very disappointed. I hope everyone else experiences better service than we did.Thanks to Yelp, I found this fantastic location. My friends arrived mid-morning from the airport and wanted something local and fulfilling and this checked off all boxes. We were greeted right away and were seated and served water promptly. We were certainly entertained by the menu names, but some decided to play it safe. Well, I was incredibly impressed with the Sweet Taboo French toast and sausage. My friends enjoyed their omelets as well. Those that kept to some traditional menu items like eggs & toast still were able to appreciate the food and service. I am glad once again that this place turned up on my list. Definitely would recommend.I ordered chicken and waffles. It was a good serving size but when I got to my chicken was so hairy. Gross right? Sorry I won't be coming back.Visited this spot today with a few friends. Our goal was to support a place we've never been to. I can't say enough great things about this place. 
Food: I ordered the Sweetest Taboo - Cap'n Crunch coated juicy, fried chicken tenders with French toast and a side of scrambled eggs. There wasn't a crumb left on my plate. One of my friends ordered the Route 36 Omelette - egg white omelette stuffed with crab meat, shrimp, tomatoes and pepper jack cheese with a side of home fries. TO DIE FOR! As a table, we split the Party Grits - creamy Grits loaded with crab, salmon, and shrimp and a side of fried fish. There was not a grain of Grits left. The food was absolutely outstanding. 
Atmosphere: very chill. Some canvas art on the walls and a fire playlist of 90's-early 2000's R&B. The tables have old board games inside of them. Super cool vibe. 
Service: Maxine was our service and she was fantastic. Very attentive, couldn't ask for more.
I will definitely be back to this place. Highly recommendedStay near the airport and wanted Sunday brunch before heading home. A google search gave us this restaurant and the ratings were high.  Great local atmosphere with a fun menu and great selection for brunch. It's small so get there early or you will have to wait. Service was friendly and the food fresh and made to order. I'll come back again when I'm Philly.Came here and was NOT disappointed at all. Going to be my new go to spot! Highly recommend their grits. PHEW!I was excited to come here. Heard good things through various people. Location is right near my house which I love. The establishment is very tight. You are not greeted and you seat yourself. Even when the server came to the table she just asked what we wanted. No good morning etc. We waited close to 40 minutes for breakfast for two. Many came to the door and walked away because the establishment was full. They are definitely outgrowing this place, In assuming. As everyone that came to sit and eat they just tell you to sit. The food is absolutely delicious. My sister says she only come here for the shrimp and grits. My chicken was good and crispy. My waffles were good, taste like funnel cake.Best whole in the wall brunch/ lunch place to visit in philly! Complimentary funnel cake fries too :)Never been to Rhythm and Brunch before but thank God I went tonight. They had a wing special going on... 
The special was called "Malik's Wing Bowl". The wings came in several different flavors. I opted for the BBQ Jerk. They were crispy and covered in a delicious BBQ Jerk sauce. I wondered why it was so crowded when walking pass. 
After tasting the wings, I understood why. The wings are to die for... I was not expecting a crispy wing with sauce. The ratio was just right. I assumed it would be on the softer side as most wing places usually prepare wings either crispy and dry or with a moist oven baked taste. "Malik's Wing Bowl" at Rhythm and Brunch. The wings were crispy on the outside (not overly crispy) with a popping flavor and juicy inside. 
I'm definitely looking forward to going back and trying all of the tempting flavors. So glad I was in the right place at the right time. I received at least 10 wings, a mound of delicious fries and old fashioned made sweet iced tea. Well worth the price. Definitely going back! 
There was no thought of writing a review at the time so I have no any pto share. I will next time. I ate the wings and decided to write this review as an afterthought because they were so good and I had to share the experience. I will share pictures of my next visit. 
What are the chances of running into such a pot of gold on a Friday evening after a long weeks work?This place had a steady crowd going this past Saturday afternoon for brunch. Here's to supporting local Black owned business!
It was a nice place. Not my favorite brunch food, but 
The menus I had found floating online were different than what they actually had (half of the menu was various grits options), but that's no fault of the restaurant since they don't actually have a website. I liked how there was veggie sausage as an option for the non meat eaters. 
I got the combo, eggs, turkey bacon, and choice of waffles/pancakes/french toast. Tried the battered french toast which was pretty similar to a funnel cake if I had to describe it--very sweet and seemed fried. Tried some of the plain pancakes too and they were very good. 
Bit turned off that the utensils were plastic and wrapped in plastic. Not the end of the world, just not what i'd expect for a $16 brunch...If I'm being completely honest food takes a little longer than I had expected. Other than that... the presentation and taste of food is amazing! The customer service is top notch! We will definitely be returning!We stopped here for a quick bite because Yelp recommended it. It did not disappoint! I wish I had pics to post but we ate everything lol. I had blueberry pancakes,  home fries and turkey bacon. They use REAL blueberries that were so fresh and naturally sweet. My BF got the party grits. Im not a fan of grits but this combination was on point! Full of flavor. Great service from the time we walked in.I was visiting from out of town and needed some breakfast. love places that have cute catchy names. The name is this restaurant is what first got my attention and then I scrolled through the pics and looked at the menu and knew instantly that this is where breakfast was going to happen! 
The service was good. We also did not wait long to get our meals. The restaurant is cozy. 
My food was really good. I ordered fish and grits and added shrimp and also a side of scrambled eggs. Everything was flavored perfectly. The grits were very creamy and the shrimp and fish was cooked to perfection. 
I can't wait to come back.Had a nice brunch yesterday! A/C was pleasant even though very hot outside and plenty of free on street parking. I really enjoyed the French toast!!! My friend enjoyed shrimp & grits. Nice local establishment, glad I had opportunity to enjoy!!!My daughter flew into Philly  and was looking for a place to eat breakfast not far from the airport..I put in breakfast in Yelp and Rythm and Brunch came up..I'm so glad it did...everything was cooked to perfection...my daughter had French toast, eggs and Turkey bacon..I had chicken wings and waffles,  and my wifethe shrimp and grits...all I can say is bravo...i have found a great spot and will be returningWell it's 7:22 and I'm still waiting for them to open.  Yelp has their hours as 7:00-3:00 (perhaps this needs to be updated) I did see an employee arrive around 7:10 and yell inside to have someone open the locked door.  Currently I'm feeling frustrated because I drove 45 minutes to try the restaurant.  I tried calling but I received the answering machine.  I guess I will leave and go to my favorite breakfast spot in Philly.Ordered the 3 stooges. Waited a little over 20mins for my food. Eggs were cold, French toast was dry, & it took 5 paper towels to soak up all of the grease from the beef bacon before I could eat it. Definitely not worth the $14 they charged.Rhythm and Brunch is your good typical breakfast spot in the neighborhood if your a local. Pretty busy during the late mornings and weekends. The place is a little cramp but overall well kept. The staff is nice and attentive. The food was pretty good. I've ordered the "Shrimps Up Grits Down" which was DELICIOUS and the BLT which was on to the small side but how big do you expect a BLT lol. I would definitely recommend this place if you want some well seasoned breakfast with a twist to it. Definitely will continue to eat hereThis place is absolutely amazing. Everything looks so good. I couldn't decide what I wanted! It's also really clean. They give you your silverware wrapped!Waffles are okay but they're more doughy than fluffy. Very dense, which I found hard to enjoy. I prefer fluffy and light waffles.Wow, was not expecting to eat such a delicious brunch this morning. We had the grits and fish as well as the pineapple upside pancake. We were seated immediately and the chef or owner came out and gave us his own personal recommendations. The food came out fast, and it was amazing. I've never had such tasty grits, and the fish was fried to perfection. The pineapple upside pancakes were the most delicious pancakes I've ever had. 
Overall amazing service and even better food.I used Uber Eats to order from here, i must say the Party Grits were pretty freakin good! The crab was amazing! My friend ordered the chicken and waffles which was pretty good as well. Neither of us was fond of the burnt sugar on the waffles, but none the less it was still good.This Sweet Taboo was delicious! The ambiance is warm and welcoming. R&B music while you wait for the food soothes the waiting time. Very clean and great service! Not to mention, the owner came to personally introduce himself and Welcome is to Philly! I really recommend it if you're visiting the area of Philly. Super convenient and close to the airport.Stopped here with my uber particular mom. She had a chicken rice bowl, and I had a chicken quesadilla w/ house made pico de gallo. This was the best quesadilla I've ever had! I am a quesadilla aficionado. Everything was so fresh, and the portion sizes were big! The quesadilla was drizzled with a queso sauce that was yummy. I ordered funnel cake fries as well and they were flavorful, not too greasy and they were drizzled with a caramel sauce. The menu design and selections were ingenious. The restaurant was clean and it seems it's a popular hangout for cops. We'll definitely bevThis little place by far have the best grits I have ever had and the presentation was very nice! They dedicated 1 full page on their menu to grits.  So you can have basically whatever type of grits you can think of.  I decided to go with Party grits.  Which included shrimp, salmon, lump carb and an extra piece of fried Fish on the side.  The taste was absolutely delightful. E*ver*y*thing was seasoned great.  The waitress was polite.  Service a little slow but it was worth the wait.  So if your not in a rush, definitely check this place out.The best brunch I've EVER had. I had the banana pudding waffle and fell in love on the first bite. My friend had the sweetest taboo and raves about the syrup used. I will recommend this restaurant to any and everybody! It's a crime it isn't a line wrapping around the neighborhood for this food. Definitely recommend going.So I've never heard of this place but it looked good so we decided to try it. OMG THe food was sooo good. The atmosphere was really nice and easy going. The Muslim sisters were so nice a true joy. The prices a alil pricey but honestly not outrageous. I wish hey served alcoholic drinks but not that big of a deal. The shrimp & grits was a meal by themselves, we ended up taking them home and I had them for breakfast the next day . I am defiantly going back. Everything was really goodOK so I ordered breakfast I ordered two pancake platters and a French toast platter and non of the platters that I ordered morning that had scrambled eggs none of the scrambled eggs had salt and pepper on them and that's what I asked for specifically in the instructions on top of that we ordered an orange juice it never came. called there 3 times and nobody picked up. nobody answers then I call the fifth time oh now all of a sudden the line is busy like what the hell what kind of customer service is that?! the eggs are bland, I asked for beef bacon didn't get beef bacon.... horrible freaking horrible..Do not order from here!!!The food was ok, but entirely too sticky and sweet for a hot day. The recipes should dilute the sugar some. In addition, they did not have all of the order together. We were told the large order was complete and it wasn't. I had to travel 15 minutes back to retrieve the missing food, couldn't call them, the number didn't work, then waited 10 minutes or more for the food . You stand outside, so I stood in the heat. Then  15 minutes back in this oppressive heat. No apology, no compensation for my time. No one seemed to care and we spent almost $100 there. I will not be back and neither will my large group!! By the time I got back with the missing food, no one wanted it. It was all a waste.Very disappointed.  I ordered the shrimp and grits and the chicken sausage. The grits came soo dry. they were suppose to have a creamy citrusy scampi sauce that i did not get. Having them this dry makes them inedible.  What a waste of money.A friend & I visited here on a Sunday evening based off of seeing all the delicious food on their instagram. It's a small cute spot with great music related decor. When we arrived we were the only customers, we were greeted with smiles & told we could sit anywhere. The place was clean and there was music playing. Our waitress was excellent, very friendly explained the menu & what was available. She raved about the crab grilled cheese so we both ordered it with an order of cheese fries. I really wanted to love this place but the food was very underwhelming, the crab grilled cheese didn't have much flavor, it was a little greasy but missing maybe a sprinkle of old bay or something. The cheese fries, and I LOVE cheese fries, the sauce didn't taste like much of anything. Overall we had a nice experience but I wouldn't order this meal again. I would definitely return to try other menu items, I'm hoping to update my review with better stars.I love giving my black ppl business but I'm even more livid when I don't get what is ordered. How dare you send my UberEats order out with half the order and made no attempt to contact me about there being a change to the order... I can compromise! But thank you! Uber eats gave me my money back and I won't patronize again. I can respect business when business is respectful and  why if it's take out and delivery only wouldn't you answer your phone?! #ItsBeenReal #NoThankYouEverything was so delicious ! We ordered shrimp and grits along with the pressed juice and omg! We will definitely order again.Doesn't look like much from the outside but the inside is pleasant decor and very clean. Service is good and the food is better. Enjoyed my seafood and spinach omelette and home fries. Wish they had mimosas on the menu. That would be perfect.The food I ordered from Rhythm and Brunch was amazing. I had the French Toast Grill and my boyfriend had the Wings and Waffles. The french toast was perfect it wasn't soggy or over dipped. The inside was still bready and solid, which is how I enjoy my French toast. My boyfriends waffles were delicious as well. They were nice and buttery. Butter makes waffles delicious. His chicken was fried to perfection. I would have seasoned mine with more salt but I respect the consideration so I can't even put that against them. I will definitely order from them again. Good breakfast was needed in the area. Keep up the great work!I was excited to try this restaurant - first because the reviews are pretty darn good and second because the name is so cool. Perhaps I was a bit extreme having the expectation that I hoped to leave thinking, "I can't wait to return"... 
When I arrived I looked around because I was not sure who the staff were. I made eye contact with a woman and said "hi" - I had to make the assumption she was working since she did not acknowledge me until I said something to her; I asked if I should seat myself and she replied "yes". As I looked for a table, the waitress handed me a menu and then I sat down and waited for my friend.  Realizing that I only had one menu, I searched for another for my friend. Once my friend arrived the waitress returned to take our order - her energy was low and not enthusiastic but we stayed, again, because of the great reviews. My food came out first but I was never given any utensils so we called for the waitress to bring some and she did, 2 sets of utensils rolled in the same napkin together - odd, right? Anyhow, my friend's food came out about a minute or so later and we ate... My friend ordered fish and grits and did not like her food at all; I ordered an egg white spinach and seafood omelette and thought it was good. While we ate the waitress didn't come back to check on us until I was basically done eating (my friend took a few bites and didn't finish her food) - by the way, the check in was, "would you like a box", not what I would've expected like, "how is everything"... Ultimately, while MY food was good, the customer service was subpar, which was disappointing because customer service is a big part of dining out.
The icing was really put on the cake when it was time to pay for our food; first, we had to walk up to the counter to get our bill, then when we told the waitress that the change from our bill was for her, her reply was "oh"... I know... There's a first time for everything, right? The only reply I've ever heard prior to today when tipping someone is "thank you"... I will say the Chef and another woman who was sitting behind the counter had more pleasant demeanors, just not our server :-(
Tip to the owner: Customer service is paramount - have staff check in with patrons about their dining experience and get all staff customer service training so that they know how to greet AND interact with patrons during their experience... The goal should be for patrons to return, right?Horrible customer services. We were seated and 30 minutes later we weren't even acknowledged or even given water. The food looked promising, up seat that i couldn't try it. But I don't do bad customer service, my party and I had to leave.The food is amazingly delicious and the names of the dishes show there is a true love of making excellent enjoyable cuisine. I ordered the Bleu Dream for my first time and the seafood omelette , grits and veggie sausage with beet juice for my second, just moments ago actually. It makes me excited to know what it's like to dine in. I love the combination of offerings between veggie and pescatarian friendly and the wide and unique array of meats (curious to try the lamb sausage). The grits come ready to eat and perfectly seasoned. That's ALWAYS a good sign as to the quality of a Brunch spot! I'll be turning as many people as I can onto this place! Brava!