I really like Rice & Mix.  The quality of the ingredients are excellent, the servers are nice, the place is welcoming and the food is great.  My only complaint is that its a bit too expensive for a quick serve rest.Very nicely done interior for a fast food joint. But the food did not impress, at all. Flavors were dull, quality of ingredients was middling at best, and preparations were painfully Americanized. The "fried chicken" was the biggest disappointment: really, seriously lame. Rice & Mix would have to vastly improve their food to get my business again.This is really terrific, authentic Korean food. The standard Korean meals - bibimbap, jap chae, and yakimandu, are exactly what you'd get in Seoul. But don't bother with these dishes! Instead try one of their fusion dishes - burrito bowl or the Korean wrap. I'd love to see the owners abandon the standard Korean fare and kick up the menu with more of these crossover dishes!HOT STONE BIBIMBAP is my new obsession. I dream of the crispy rice on the bottom of the bowl and the hot sauce that comes with this. 
I'd stlil say Giwa is my preference, but Rice & Mix is much roomier for eating in and much more convenient to my office. Clean, friendly, quick service. This place is a winner!Had a craving for some Korean food and luckily this place was close by.  One of their main attractions is their customizable Bimbimbap bowls.
I opted to go with the "Koreana Bimbimbop" ($9.95) Beef add on ($2) with Spicy and White Rice options in a hot Stone Pot.  They also have brown rice and mixed rice for those who want a bit healthier option.
The bibimbap had a good portion size for the cost compared to other Korean places around the area.  The flavor itself fell pretty short for me.  While all the vegetables were pretty fresh, even with the gochu jang (red pepper paste) mixed in, it tasted pretty bland.  Maybe it's because this place is a bit more Americanized compared to more traditional Korean restaurants, not sure.
For the service, they were pretty attentive and bring everything to your table.This is the new place from the people who own Giwa, which I had been interested in trying since seeing the sign at Giwa a couple of months ago. We were walking by yesterday, saw that they were having a soft opening, and decided to give it a go.
I think the build your own bowl of bibimbap, which you can get both hot and cold, is an interesting concept (they also have preset options if you're indecisive or not feeling creative). It allows you to experiment with new flavor combinations. I also think that it's a good option for someone who has never tried Korean food, as it sort of demystifies the process. At the same time, I don't think someone who already loves Korean food would necessarily feel that this place is dumbed down or Americanized.
We had a bowl of bibimbap (a build your own cold bowl) and soon du bu, both of which were good. If you like Giwa, you'll probably like this place. The menu is shorter, but the food is of the same quality, and the build your own option is an interesting touch. There is also more seating than Giwa, and the booths are really nice. I paid an extra $1.25 for the multigrain rice, and I thought the portion was a little small for the added price. You also don't get kimchee or other banchan with your meal, but everything on the menu is also around $1 less than Giwa, so you're probably getting what you pay for. Overall, I'm a fan, as it's a relatively inexpensive, hearty, healthy option for lunch, and it's only 2 blocks from my work. We talked to the owner, who recognized us from having eaten at Giwa many times, and he said that they hope to start serving Korean fried chicken sometime this summer. I'd definitely come back to try the chicken.I love Korean food and this place doesn't disappoint. I usually go for bibimbap (one dish I seem to never get tired of), which is a solid option here. I tried their tomato chicken stew this time and was pleasantly surprised. The tomato was cooked down quite a bit and have a nice combination of sour and sweet taste- really reminded me of this tomato and egg noodle soup my mom used to make. A big thumbs up for that. The owner is always very pleasant too. I'm being a little stringent here with stars because the wings and kimchi pancakes we ordered were rather mediocre. But overall, I recommend this place! :)I loved the chicken bibimbap, Koreana chicken hot stone bowl and the spicy chicken stew. Very filling and delicious. We visit this place very frequently. Staff is friendly and courteous. They insist on mixing the contents of the hot stone bowl well with their hot sauce as it is a more authentic way of enjoying this dish. Definitely recommend this place.I love this place! 
The food is light, fresh and filling. I'm always looking for healthy food that leaves me feeling full and nourished. The spicy chicken wings are amazing. 
The ambiance is a little weird - I think they need to adjust the lighting and maybe change the music around a bit - but it's mostly good for takeout so it's not a deal-breaker. 
I gave this place 5 starts because I really like it and would like to see a boost in their ratings.They are hardcore with their $10 minimum on paying with a card.    Even if you're just shy.    Who does this in 2016?    Refused to sell me a $9 lunch because if it.   Great service, guys.   Rude.I seriously don't understand the bad reviews. Maybe it's because this is only my second time enjoying Korean food. Anyway, let's remember this place is technically fast food. I thought the atmosphere was great and the music selection was amazing!!! One of the employees came to take our dishes and asked us how our meal was. I thought that was great especially considering that it was just fast food. I will certainly be going back!!Order some Korean rice bowl it was too sweet to eat and not even spicy like i asked. I had a lot Korean food bowl but this one was too sweet like dessert maybe I will try the wings but other that nothing elseRice & Mix is one of my favorite workday lunch spots. Quick service, friendly staff, fresh ingredients, and delicious gojuchang sauce (it's seriously the best, I dream about it). I usually get the signature bibimbop bowl with spicy pork. It's perfect. If you're in a hurry, don't get the stone bowl version. It takes an extra 10-15 minutes. I haven't tried much else on the menu (no need, the bibimbop is so good), but one cold day I'll try the soondubu or some other stew.Atmosphere is great (for a fast food place). Food is good. But - how can you have a nice bowl of bibimbap or dolsot bibimbap with no lightly fried egg on top??? The protein in the rice bowl really misses those yummy egg juices. Rice & Mix tops your bowls with hard boiled egg, which leaves you wanting. Had to deduct two stars from the rating for something so integral to the dish.
The concept of customizing your rice bowl is nice. Two thumbs up for the service and for having fresh veggies like Bok Choy. Rice & Mix is like a slightly nicer and more customizable version of Tampopo. You just get your rice bowl with no pickly condiments. Good once in a while, but if you want the fuller bibimbap experience go to Giwa or Wajoe.So this is the new kid on the block brought to you by the same folks who run Giwa near 15th and Sansom.  It's a Korean restaurant that sports a fairly simple menu, and it has promise. I heard about it the second day it was open and decided to give it a go for lunch around 1:30pm.  
Upon entering, there were not many customers inside, which didn't seem strange given the time. But, it allowed me to get a great visual of the place and appreciate the full-sized booths and the nice two-seated tables well spaces throughout. The look is chic and clean. It's a little dark, but it doesn't feel that way. The focus is on the kitchen and ordering area, and I can appreciate that.  Unfortunately aesthetics do not make the meal.  
I looked over one of the many menus (a huge one on the wall, a laminated menu by the ordering entry way, and a paper one at the door just in case) and I ordered the spicy pork dup bop.  They asked white rice or multi-grain, and I chose the multi-grain. but, what I as not told was it costs $1.25 more than with white rice.  For something that is already $7.50 for a bowl, I was surprised when I went to pay. To get past the $10 mark so that I could pay with debit, I bought a $1 side of marinated tofu with green onion and shredded red bell pepper.  
The meal itself was satisfying, but it felt very one-note and heavy.  There were two or three distinguishable flavors throughout the main portion, but it wasn't amazing. What was nice was that there was lettuce, carrot, and edamame (still in shell) that came with the bowl.  What I didn't realize is that they aren't hot. You should eat a piece after a few bites of the dup bop to have a better balance of cool/hot and spicy/refreshing.  Either way, as I ate it, I realized the pork was nicely cut and cooked, but it had a grainy consistency to it. It felt like I was eating something that was frozen and unfrozen several times.  By the time I got down to the bottom of the bowl, I realized how heavy and greasy the food is. I could see the grease congealing to the sides of the bowl, and that didn't settle well with me.  In the end, the tofu was my favorite part, and the main course was okay.
The bottom line: Rice and Mix is new, and will get pretty good business for the time being.  They need to make it slightly more affordable than the $10.75 I had to pay for the food I got.  I'd rather stuff my face at Maoz up the block for $2 less.)  They have a niche and the food is alright, but I might consider going back.Love the decor, love the food, love the people.
The hot stone bibimbap is amazing and super hot, both in the temperature and the spiciness (keep stirring because your rice will burn otherwise). A ton of vegetables comes on top, which makes it even healthier. I think it's a great indication that even though my face is on fire, I still want to eat because it's that tasty. 
I wholeheartedly agree that they have the best wings in town. Lots of sauce, but still retained their crispiness.
You walk out feeling full, but knowing that it wasn't unhealthy, and that it was worth every dollar.Meh- very average and assembly line-ish. You can tell all their food is from a pre packaged Restaurant Depot or Grand Mart boxNo banchan, but in center city... there's really no good korean food options... and this hits the spot when I crave korean. 
the veggies are fresh, the restaurant is clean, and ... it gets the job done. 
i used to think that giwa was way better... but lately, am thinking this is equally as good.It used to be one of my favorite place to eat Korean but the owners are not nice people. They are not customer friendly!Sadly, they changed how you order food at the salad bar and now it takes way longer than it used to for lunch. The $10 minimum for credit card is also annoying. I like the food, but it's irritating when it takes longer then it used to and you always have to buy something extra to hit the $10 mark for lunch.Not the best korean food . I ordered the signature  bimbimbop  beef in hot pot it was very dry. The chicken  wings is not the best.Went in today for lunch.  Our meal was exceptional.  Also, very reasonably priced.  We ordered 4 entrees with beverages and the total was $45.  Not bad all.
Sun dobu stew was very nice.  And the Korean fried chicken was very good.  Not as good as Cafe Soho, but not far behind.  We will definitely be back again.I won't say I am an expert on Korean food, I'm not. I've only had a few dishes, Korean fried chicken, bibimbop, bulgogi, a rice cake dish with ramen, and a few fermented items such as kimchi. All were delicious.
I was late arriving at work, and I knew if I didn't pick up food beforehand, I wouldn't eat until dinner.  I was looking for something that was quick, simple and not expensive. I have a lot of digestive discomforts and tend to shy away meals heavy with veggies or meat. Yeah, the heavy on veggies is odd, but the sugars in veggies wreck havoc on my tum.
On this day, I chose the beef bulgogi with white rice. It was decent sized, however it was very Americanized. Instead of having some sort of lettuce like veggie to wrap it in, they complemented it with carrot "chunks" and broccoli, and your choice of rice. I chose white rice. You could purchase small sides of fermented veggies, but I didn't. I also received a cup of ssamjang (spicy delicious sauce made with fermented peppers)
The meat was super tender, and marinated well. The rice was sufficiently sticky, and the ssamjang was spicy but not hot hot hot. They will make the bulgogi any heat level you prefer, so that's nice.
 I rate it 3 stars "A-OK", not 2 stars "Meh, I've had better" even though I have had better because my intent wasn't eating he most awesome, authentic food, just to eat healthy nourishing food. This isn't to say I wouldn't have really enjoyed it if it had been authentic.I have only ever had the dumpling soup here but I love it so much and I come back every time. Literally the only place around center city with such a dish. 
The dumpling soup has so many dumplings and it's SO CHEAP. It will absolutely leave you more full than you need to be, but completely worth it because it's so delicious. There are also rice cakes at the bottom. 
The soup tastes home cooked and is flavored with jalapeños to make it the perfect spice for when it's cold outside and when you need to clear your sinuses. This dish is the epitome of comfort food, and this place does it perfectly. 
Rice and mix is very casual. You order up front and you can sit anywhere you want. They give you a number and they'll bring your food to you when your order is ready. The people who work here are so nice and friendly. 
Although I haven't tried the other foods, my friends have said great things about the bibimbap and judging from the dumpling soup, I can put my faith in the other foods here as well.This is one of my favorite places to get take out at after work. The person that usually takes my order is generally very polite and sometimes even remembers me and my order! I typically get the Jap Chae with chicken. I love noodles and pasta in any form. Plus, I feel super healthy eating this because it's all fresh veggies and grilled chicken. You can pick your spice level...I usually go mild. My boyfriend has gotten their rice bowls and they were super delicious also. They are known for their Korean Fried Wings. Definitely would check this place out for something quick and different.Quality ingredients but they are unprofessional as they practice a cheap trick by misleading the customer.  They will nickel and dime you and before you know it, they have already rung you up at a higher price than what you thought you were committing to.  I ordered a 'Bibimbop'. The lady at the register asked me "Do you want brown rice?" I said "yes please"  I also ordered a green tea.  She rung me up and the total didn't seem right, but I paid anyway. (mistake) That was when I realized that she failed to tell me that brown rice is $1.75 extra. First of all, it is rude not to mention that there is an extra cost for something you are offering to a customer, second of all, that is an expensive upgrade.  I also found out the hard way that she charged me for a cold green tea, which is more expensive, when I actually did not order a cold one.  I politely pointed these things out to her and she copped an attitude with me.
I can prepare Bibimbop at home and it is just as delicious. Korean food is not rocket science.  They lost a customer.Self served korean food. You pay for side dishes(kimchi, radish...etc) . For a dollar you get two ounces of kimchi. The soon du bu had five large chunks of tofu which isn't the way it's supposed to be prepared. The soup base was too salty. I ordered a beef soon dubu but it resemebles a vegetarian order. Overall the food didn't satisfy my craving.
I also got a Japanese green tea that costed 2.50 for a 10 oz can (which can easily be found at an Asian supermarket for under a dollar).I love Korean food and this place doesn't disappoint. I usually go for bibimbap (one dish I seem to never get tired of), which is a solid option here. I tried their tomato chicken stew this time and was pleasantly surprised. The tomato was cooked down quite a bit and have a nice combination of sour and sweet taste- really reminded me of this tomato and egg noodle soup my mom used to make. A big thumbs up for that. On the other hand, the wings and pancakes we ordered were rather mediocre. Also, the owners and workers are always pleasant. Overall, I recommend this place! :)I wish I didn't spend $13 on lunch, but this place puts out some tasty grub. I got a signature bowl with spicy chicken and the fancy rice. The side of hot sauce is addicting and adds the right amount of spicy to a delish bowl. After 2:00p.m., they do a few specials so you can save a couple bucks here and there. Haven't tried the burrito bowl, but the picture makes it look great. Interior is modern, clean, and spacious. Same owners of Giwa, I'm told and they keep up the good work in this establishment. Nothing mind-blowing, but a yummy and relatively healthy lunch spot in Center City.Finally, after months of waiting, Rice & Mix opened its doors! I saw them working on this place across the street from where I lived for like 2 months, and was getting really excited to try the food here.
Ironically, literally THE DAY I was moving out from my apartment, my fiance (equally excited for this place opening) and I noticed they were having their "soft opening"! After loading up the car, we just had to try a dish from here.
Both of us wanted to have a hot stone bibimbop, mine with chicken, the fiance's with tofu. We ordered the customizable ones, each with our own choice of fixins (there are so many things to choose from, but I like the freedom to make mine the way I want). It took a good 15-20 minutes to make, but once we got them, we were both super excited!
Each one came out piping hot in this enormous, heavy stone bowl. You could still hear the ingredients cooking/sizzling at the table, and, be warned, the first bite can be painful! We each had our own sauces to add, mine the hottest one, and hers a milder one. I dumped my whole container out, then mixed everything up, and dug right in! Every bite was so good, if I wanted to mention every item in there I would need another paragraph, but everything mixed together so well. The sauce was great, and I love how the rice gets really crispy at the bottom from being cooked so much!
All in all, another great addition to the "fast food" style Korean dining market. My only complaint would be that they do not include sides for free (something that their parent company Giwa does do). Because they were soft opening however, they were really friendly and even offered to throw in a few extra veggies into our bibimbops for no extra charge!
Definitely a bittersweet experience, considering this was my last meal in Philly as a resident of the city, but a great way to go out! Not that I won't ever be back to Philly, but not quite the same...Simple, fast, tasty korean food. Nothing outta this world good, but it's very filling. The hot bibimbop is my favorite dish here. It's a quick go-to place if you're taking a study break, and the prices are comparable to Chipotle or Cosi (around $10-$12 depending on what you order).Strike 1: Overpriced ($13!!!) for a basic cold vegan bimibop bowl. Strike 2: Messed up my order twice, giving me a hot bowl and then a completely different person's order. Strike 3: Put egg on my bowl after repeating several times that I don't want egg. Got my money back, and I'm never returning.This was terrible experience i  Phili. Me and my friends were craving for some korean food., since we r not locals, we searched korean restaurants near downtown area. And this place popped up. The place is actually clean n nice. Me n my friends ordered Kimchi jjigae, yukgaejjang n dokbukki. Soup were blant, no taste, almost watery., dokbukki sauce was just not tastes right. It wasn't korean food at all. I ate korean food almost everyday. Which means i know what's good or bad., for everyone who wants to have korean food in Phili., there's none in downtown., only if you find one probably Chinese style Korean food., if you are Korean n if you know Korean food., I totally won't  recommend this place. Next time i better go to U-town., I'm not the type that gives bad star but., I'm giving 2stars because of the friendly worker., otherwise i would give 0. Sorry that I couldn't find authentic Korean food in this restaurant.This review is strictly for the chicken wings. From the looks of the other reviews, that's too narrow of a focus to gain a full complement of stars. And If you've visited Rice & Mix and haven't had them, I might be wildly pom-poming a back-up option in your eyes. But I'm doing it anyway. This is the second best fried chicken I've spun between my fingers and thumbs in Philadelphia. 
The wings ($10.50 for 10) arrive delicately stacked like an edible Jenga set. This is almost ironic not only because, well, where was the last place that did anything but dump them on a plate, but also since you look like you've been enthusiastically finger painting by your 7th or 8th drumette. The meat is jacketed with a batter that's more tempura than herbs and spices and tailored with a red chili glaze that turns on a deep heat and pumps out a savory and pungent taste.
Some kind of dry-ass slaw sits shotgun next to our breaded heros; think shredded SEPTA passes finished with a drizzle of white sauce. I'll buy your next trip on the Broad Street line if you can actually finish it.
Rice and Mix might be a one trick pony, but man, it's not a trick I'm getting tired of anytime soon.This is my go to restaurant in Midtown Philadelphia! Seating is plentiful and the restaurant is ALWAYS very clean!
I've had quite a few meals on the menu, and they are always fresh and tasty.
Prices are exactly what I expected and the meals are well balanced between meat and veggies.
The only downside is no fountain drinks, but they have bottled coke choices and ice tea. Additionally, they have some great choices like coconut milk and guava aloe to make it a more authentic experience!The build your own bowl is great, filling and total value for money - 5 veggies, protein and 2 sauces. My total was 12.67. The service is quick and easy and there is plenty of seating. I would recommend this place.Finally! A restaurant that's different than hamburger, sandwiches, or street food! Pretty much everything on the menu is healthy too! The bibimbap had a very refreshing taste and gave me energy for the rest of the day. The restaurant inside was very beautiful, clean, and inviting. I love the idea of the booths because you get to have privacy while you're out for dinner or lunch. I can't wait to go back and try something else!Food was delicious and the staff was so sweet and welcoming. I had the Bibimbop bowl it comes in a hot stone bowl that sizzles the rice until it's crispy. Total hidden gem in center city!The worst kimchi stew ever. 
it's my first time in Phili and this is the first restaurant I tried in here, but man. What a total waste. You guys can do much better, Phily!! Had to oder another dish and that again was just mediocre. Nothing special. Will never come again.Rice and Mix is a decent Korean place on the east side of Broad.  It does have its variety of options (dolsot - hot stone, wings, etc). They have a sign that says they gave the best Korean chicken wings - but I couldn't get that for lunch.  
The dolsot is a my standard Korean dish that i order.  I'm located on the west side of Broad so I normally go to Giwa.  Overall - still prefer Giwa, but Rice and Mix is good in which it allows you to choose your vegetables.  
I would say Giwa is like Chipotle as Rice and Mix is to Qdoba.  If you want a dolsot, you go to Giwa.  If you want dolsot and other things (wings), you go to Rice and Mix.  Just like chipotle had their burritos, but Qdoba has their quesadillas, nachos, etc.This is a very different bibimbop experience for me. I've only had bibimbop from Korean food trucks and I've enjoyed them. I didn't expect the hot pot to be sizzling the food the whole time, which makes the rice crispy. I know for some, crispy rice is their favorite. I would totally come back and try other things on the menu.The stars remain the same for the bibimbop and the overall quality of the restaurant.
I would give the soon dubu a measly 2.5...maybe. The price is reasonable, $8.95, and it comes with the egg already in the soup. The broth was bland, and the meat was the bulgogi meat they use in the bibimbop (which can be good or bad, depending on how you see it). The tofu did taste fresh, though. I got the Extra Spicy, but the level was about a Mild at Jong Ka Jib (soft tofu house). The color was deep red, but did not deliver. It seemed like the "spice" was more from the red pepper oil, and therefore not as spicy as it should have been.
They gave us a side of kimchi for some reason. Maybe because we ordered 4 entrees? I don't know. But the quality was poor and too salty.
I have an issue with how long it takes to get our food if it's in the stone pot. I guess because the demand is not that high, the pots are not kept hot and it takes forever to get to temperature. We got two of our meals first, then had to wait another 10 minutes or so for the other two bibimbops. By that time, my soondubu had stopped boiling inside the hot pot (and I like my food scalding like a typical Korean). I might as well ate at a sit down restaurant.
If people are on lunch break, the slow food preparation and the high price may be a turn off.
On a brighter note, I heard they are starting Bulgogi Cheesesteak and Korean Fried Chicken. The flyer for KFC said it is only ready for dinner hours, starting at 4 PM. Let's see if these dishes hit the spot.waited 20 minutes for my stone pot bibimbap... kinda disappointed: 1 because of the  wait, 2 after the wait, i'm disappointed with this rice bowl compared to the money i paid ($11.88 after tax)... 
let's just say.. get the regular bowl (so there is no wait) and it's several dollars cheaper ($8.50)!  this isn't new york.. don't make me pay too much for lunch... 
service is friendly, nice decor, don't know how i feel about the 2 or more people for booths... but all in all, a nice choice for lunch~ good luck with competing against Chipotle across the street which is a much better choice economically speaking.Tasty affordable food, nice atmosphere and good customer service. I had their spicy chicken with rice which was flavorful and filling. Great spot for takeout and also a byob with nice seating. Fun for a group dinner. I'll definitely be going back.I tried the chicken wings and the hot stone bowl (Koreana) with tofu. I wasn't a fan of the wings; the flavoring was a bit weird and the texture (crunchiness) was lacking. I think this place is a bit too healthy for me (health nuts would prob go crazy about this place).  I prefer more robust flavoring food; in other words, probably the unhealthy stuff (lol).Rice and mix is one of the supposedly closest affordable Korean restaurants near me, so I decided I need to try it out. For a 15 minute walk, it's worth it. I was greeted nicely and welcomed to take my time to look at the menu for takeout. I noticed the prices are cheaper than what I saw on their website probably because online ordering typically includes tax prices and whatnot. I got the kimchi stew within 7 minutes! Super fast. It came with white rice, although you can probably ask for brown rice. The stew is pretty solid, not super oily just the way I like it! It's good. Next time I plan on eating inside because the atmosphere in the restaurant looks very calming and welcoming!I finally found a go-to fast food option in the heart of Center City that I have long wanted.  It is Rice & Mix Korean at 12th and Walnut Streets.  When I am in a hurry or need a quick bite before a concert or theatre, this is where I am heading.  All your "Best of Korea" favorites are here....you order at the counter, they cheerfully bring it to your table, you heartily eat, and you are out the door soon after you lay your chop sticks down.  Recently I had a very tasty Beef Japchae here with Gochujang sauce on the side....not gourmet but def good enough.  And it was less than ten bucks and I made it to the theatre on time!
Cheers to Rice & Mix!!Conceptually, this place is very cool. You go in order, sit down, and then your food is delivered to you. Service was quick...it took about six minutes for my food to arrive and the food I ordered was very fresh and filling. I opted to get the regular bibi map without rice and just five vegetables. Inside, is very minimal and industrial looking to me. I feel like it had a bit of a fusion feel, but overall, I would return if I was in the Philly area.They are hardcore with their $10 minimum on paying with a card.    Even if you're just shy.    Who does this in 2016?    Refused to sell me a $9 lunch because if it.   Great service, guys.   RudeSoon du bu with tofu is an absolutely delicious, spicy, hearty vegetarian option (there is anchovy in the soup though if you don't eat fish). A perfect surprisingly filling lunch option. I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the place is a hair too expensive and the ordering process is really confusing, despite clear attempts to make it simpler.Great chicken(9/10). I always get extra spicy. reminds me of soho chicken on cheltenham ave. good burn on the tongue.I was hungry before my workout and starving afterwards.  I ordered up some Korean Bibimbap on Seamless, and within 45 minutes, was happily eating my meal.  Everything was tasty and fresh and exactly what I wanted.  One downside: I love having a fried, slightly runny egg that mixes with my Bibimbap, but the egg in this one was little strips of omelet.  Overall, I'll definitely be back.I expected much better things from Rice & Mix, since it's owned by the same people who own Giwa, which is pretty good. Unfortunately, Rice & Mix is not that great.
I eat all kinds of Korean food, but two things I always get are the spicy pork & Korean-style fried chicken. The first time I ate here, I got the spicy pork. It was OK, but not spectacular. I suppose if I were absolutely craving Korean spicy pork & this was the only option, I'd go here. 
However, this place gets one star for the horrible product they think is Korean-style fried chicken. It's basically General Tso's chicken in wing form. There's too much breading & too much sauce. It's just not done properly. I can say this as a former resident of NYC who has eaten at Mad for Chicken (now Mono + Mono), Kyochon, Bon Chon, and Boka. Rice & Mix is just horrible when it comes to chicken.
$10 minimum for credit card. The best thing this place has going for it is that it's right next to Yogorino.Korean fried chicken!
The fried chicken combo ($8.50) comes with 5 chicken wings, a side of rice, and vegetables-  which turned out to be some room temperature broccoli and carrots, 2 pickle slices, and some edamame.
Korean Fried Chicken is a fried delicacy I have enjoyed extensively in New York. Though I haven't yet made it to Cafe Soho in North Philly, I have tried the more central options and none have been quite right. At Sammy Chon's they were a little too crispy, at Chick-a-Licious they were a bit under seasoned. I feel like Goldilocks here and my expectations were low. I was happy to find these wings were cradled in batter that stayed crispy and held on tight to the wing. The coating of spicy sauce was more heat-oriented than the savory soy-garlic combo favored in NY, but it was still satisfying. I really enjoyed these wings!
Fine, but not as exciting was the  regular, non stone bowl bibimbop. As I went down the assembly line, I picked  the pork, mushroom, hard boiled egg, carrot, and bok choy with the Korean savory sauce ($8).  The cold veggie ingredients and warm pork were placed on top of hot rice. I had to mix it all up to to even out the  temperatures, because I don't like my mushrooms and bok choy cold. I was pleased with the serving size, though there could have been a higher pork ratio. The signature sauce was very very good. I made the mistake of having them add the sauce in, rather than getting it on the side so I could put a ton more on.This isn't your typical 'hole-in-the-wall' Asian grub take-out joint. It's better than that; it's a restaurant. The size of the place looks big enough to seat more than 50 people. The atmosphere is quite pleasant, and the place is clean. The food isn't cheap nor is it expensive. They say you get what you paid for and it's true, the food meets the expectations. The lady at the register is very friendly every time I come in and I always leave satisfied. There isn't table service other than them bringing you your food, but I still tip. If you prefer not to sit in they do take-out. It just shows how often I return.What the HECK happened?  This was the worst visit I have ever had here.  Did they change management or something.  I ordered the seafood pancake , and though I normally get the standard bi bimh bap or Bulgoki or even the tacos, I have had the pancake at Giwa before, their sister store.
Why do I get the sinking feeling that ...the more these two (formerly little)  restaurants grow..the more the quality will suffer?
This is my umpteenth visit to both--and only the second time I've ever had a bad meal here.   The other was a few weeks ago, at the "New and Improved (NOT)"  --Giwa.  It was the first underwhelming meal I had had there.
It is lacking that certain Je Ne Sais Quois now....just the spark has gone out of both.  It's like the place has no sould and no one cares anymore.
But the pancake--ok back to the pancake.  This listless little devil arrived like a limp dish rag...with the smell of old , frozen, bagged seafood preceeding.  NOT good.  In fact it was a downright disgusting, pasty mess. 
I almost took it back up, but the people are (usually) so nice, I couldn't even bring myself to complain.
Plus, I wouldn't even know what to say--it was so beyond the pale--bad, that I can't even describe WHY.  There was not one redeeming pancake factor there.
Overly Grease Laden (check!)  ( I get it--it's friend--but this was more than that--it was like they hadn't changed the oil in the fryer in months.  It had a slightly grayish tinge...and just tasted---raunchy.
Virtually Inedible.  I literally took it over to the trash after 3 heave ho bites with a large dose of gusto.  What can I say?  I gave it the old college try.  In the trash it went.  All $12 of it.  
I ask again, Rice and Mix, what the Hell happened?  
Say it isn't so.  
After all these years, this is making me never want to come back here.
Get it together, people.I was in the area today, running a few errands in the city, when I realized I was starving and it was lunchtime. The Yelp app (yay!) told me that I was near a Korean lunch spot called "Rice & Mix". I was totally surprised because I know this area fairly well, but this restaurant is still fairly new, only about six months old.
I should say that bibimbap is one of my most favorite foods in the whole wide world. I went through a winter when I was making myself this dish probably three times a week. It is soooo yum and so versatile, warm, and comforting. So I was pretty stoked to check this place out.
I ordered a "Make Your Own" Dolsot Bibimbap with the multigrain rice. It costs a few dollars more than the bibimbap not in the hot bowl, and the multigrain rice is an extra $1.25 which is kind of cheeky, but I did like having the option and as it turned out the multigrain was delicious. The staff were very friendly in taking my order.
I like that the restaurant is incredibly immaculate, and the decor is very warm and inviting. The ladies' bathroom was clean, although it needs to be checked on more often--the restaurant was fairly empty when I went and one stall was out of t.p. These things matter! ;)
After about a ten-minute wait, the dolsot bibimbap showed up and that bowl was the hottest one I have ever gotten when ordering this dish. It was like they had plucked it straight from the fires of hell. So it took me a loooong time to eat my meal. It was scrumptious, though. At first I was mad because the lady at the counter, it turned out, screwed up my order and gave me chicken instead of beef. I decided not to complain because to me it wasn't worth the hassle and I've probably been eating too much red meat anyway and I'll tell you what, that chicken was sooo good!! But for this mistake, I would probably take them down half a star if I could and give them 3.5 stars. I'm rounding up from there because the meal was really delicious, anyhow.
I would definitely come back here, and if I'm in more of a hurry I'll order the bibimbap without the hot stone bowl so I can get out faster. (Which will make me slightly sad, however, because the crunchy rice at the bottom of the hot stone bowl is pretty much the stuff of the gods.) The food is fresh, healthy, and delicious, and I'm so excited that there is a whole restaurant devoted to one of my top favorite dishes!Normally, I love this place. However, I JUST got an order in the store.  The rice was clearly scraped from the bottom of the container (BURNT) and the egg in it is BLUE. Yes, BLUE.This is probably some die from the container but I am not taking ANY chances. I am SO SO disappointed. I guess make sure that they aren't scraping your rice from the bottom and ask for non-blue egg. Sad face.This is definitely my FAVORITE spot for lunch! I've taken all my co-workers here and they love it! I love that you can customize your own bowl: it's like a Subway for Korean food. I try to get something different every time I go but the spicy pork is just TOO GOOD.3 Stars for cleanliness and friendliness, 2 stars for food and prices.  I'd go 2.5 for this place. 
I have the same sentiment about this place as I do with Giwa.  It's Center City Ethnic food.  This means "Feed the masses tame ethnic food at prices necessary to pay for the lease" I can't hate on their business model.  
I'm sure if you've had Korean food in North Philly, you'll say this place pales in comparison (food wise).  So obvious statements aside, I'll say that the food isn't bad.  It serves the purpose.  
I had the grilled chicken Bi Bim Bap Koreana style.  Plus some ban chan.  While I opted out of the stone bowl because of time and additional cost, that would usually be my preferred method of Bi Bim Bapping.  It was all fine.  That's the word...fine.  
Try it if you're curious, but no need to rush.I got the hot stone Koreana for lunch today with spicy chicken and it was super delicious. I would have preferred more rice but it was still a really good meal. It wasn't very busy around noon but people started swarming in pretty quickly. Overall, pretty good korean place, definitely visiting more often for lunch.I am not a Korean food expert, so no idea of authenticity. That said, it was a great lunch and I would definitely eat lunch here again. I got the cold bibimbop which was basically a salad on multi grain rice. Light, but filling and tasty.I really would give this 4.5. Giwa is a little better, but Rice & Mix is just as cheap and actually has seating.
Those Korean wraps are amazing. Somehow the wrap bread is like toasty crunchy, yet it holds everything together. You don't need to eat it with a fork. Can actually hold it like a real sandwich :P.
The flavors are on point. Great Korean spicy sauce in the sandwich and on the side in a little container. Ask for like a ton of sauce. It is so friggin' good. I don't really get the point of Korean food without spice. This isn't like going with your lame friend to a Thai restaurant and watching them get Pad Thai. Korean food needs mean spice or else what is the point. 
This is a great option at any time of day. Cheap. 
Beware: $10 credit card minimum. The fact that I have to warn you of that minimum shows how cost-efficient this place is.So giving two stars on takeout for a couple reasons :
food quality : Ok. Not good not bad just there. I got a tofu bibimbop koreana that was scrambled tofu, carrots, sports rice and spicy sauce. Not much flavor, and if you don't use the sauce there's almost no flavor. also got four wings. very small, decent flavor. since it was takeout s little soggy but that was expected (I live across from them, I can see their storefront) 
quantity : the bibimbop itself was sizable. ate it and felt just right. wings are very small, so be warned when ordering. also came with some bland cabbage mixture 
price: overpriced. I get that it's center city ish but i can go to giwa and get tastier food for less. sure a slightly smaller amount but tastes so much better, crisper rice pieces etc., $16 was my total, ten or twelve would have been fair. 
overall: if your desperate for some Korean I guess come here. but if I'm dropping sixteen on lunch I'll go to El Vez right around the corner. 
if not for the price and blandness wouldn't be half bad.I am no authority on korean food and I have only gotten take out from this place while at work.    Generally its pretty solid.  I usually get the bimbimbap hot stone (i like the crispy rice you get with hot stone even though I'm getting it take out).  The hot stone is $2 dollars extra but it is a larger portion than the regular bowl.  My only gripe is the nickel and dime-ing.  $2 is a little much for the hot stone upgrade, also whole grain rice is an additional charge.  A single rice dish can cost $14 which is a bit excessive if you ask me.I like that this place has been trying to roll out new options on the menu. The fried chicken, for example, is a nice option, even if it's not the best in town. And the kimchi fried rice, even if it's a little one-dimensional, is a nice as well. But then I tried the new bulgogi sandwich.
It sounds good, right? Basically take all of the stuff that you might put in bibimbap and put it on a sandwich instead of over rice. But then they add mayonnaise (which is not noted in the menu, so be forewarned). Not a little smear of mayonnaise either, but a bread-soaking glob. Why? I have no idea. I guess because Americans tend to put mayonnaise on sandwiches, regardless of whatever other ingredients are also on the sandwich. In this case, however, the result is nothing short of disgusting. I could only eat 1/3 of mine before I just couldn't stomach it anymore and threw it out, feeling like I definitely wasted $8.25.
Dear Owners of Every Restaurant in Philadelphia: Please don't leave ingredients out of the descriptions on your menus. There are people who are allergic to mayonnaise. Or who simply don't like mayonnaise. Or who--like me--think that mayonnaise is just something that should never be paired with bulgogi and would prefer the sandwich without.
Dear Owners of Rice & Mix: If you're trying to add interesting new things to your menu, you should think about adding bulgogi kimbap. And don't put mayonnaise on it.I had the Signature Bibimbop (pictured) and my boyfriend had the House Bibimbop. Fantastic!!! Great portions, fresh and delicious food! Highly recommend.Went there twice , pretty good Korean food in Philly, since there aren't many choices. This one is a must have !I went to Rice & MIx for a late lunch and found that they have a food happy hour from 2:00 PM -5:00PM. There are only 2 choices for the happy hour which were the ramen and and the kimchi fried rice. The happy hour is a $1 off either dish. There is also a lot of room for dining as they have booths and plenty of tables. I tried out the ramen which was a korean style with different spices. It was pretty spicy for ramen but nonetheless an alright dish. The noodles were good, but the broth was okay and there were not many fixings to go along with the ramen. Most of the food here is advertised as being spicy and they had many things that were really different than most other Asian restaurants offer in the city. I would go back here to try some of the other things on the menu.Came here finally after walking by this place for the past few weeks.
Good: Clean atmosphere, friendly staff
Bad: slow service (waited 20 minutes for Galbi), price is pretty high for the very average tasting ingredients, bland veggies
This place is def very trendy and clean.  The booths are pretty sweet (but why an intimidating sign that says only for groups more than 2?)  The servers are friendly and I like the self-service cafeteria style seating.
However, for $9.00 I expected a lot better than a bowl of white rice topped with veggies and some sauces.  The veggies seemed like they were taken straight from a salad works chain.  They were raw and completely bland.  What's up with charging $1.00 for a side of Kim chee?
A staple of a nice BiBimBop dish is plenty of the red spicy korean sauce that goes on top of the dish and a rice poached egg.  What do you get here...a watered down non-spicy reddish salad dressing/hot sauce and a cold overcooked hard boiled egg.
The idea is good but the conveyer belt style of serving Korean food doesn't hit the spot for me.  
Conclusion: come here if you want some bland americanized version of Korean food.  If you want more authentic korean food that is cheap, goto Koreana in University City or the many places on North 5th StreetFood: Bim bim bap came with cucumbers and broccoli and hard boiled eggs. WIERD. Much better at Giwa. YEA! Jap Chae was good, though. Have to pay extra for ban chan. WACK.
Atmosphere: Nice, but kind of reminded me of a Korean CHIPOTLE.
Good for the niche it serves: quick bites or too lazy to cook dinner.Tried their take out dinner last night. I ordered spicy pork over the rice and hub got galbi tang. My hub loves authentic Korean food and me not so much. I can't handle garlic and spicy very well and doesn't appreciate free kimchi side either so I actually prefer Korean fusion places. I thought this place might be the one for me. 
And actually I was right. My spicy pork dish was just right for me. That means for someone looking for authentic Spicy pork dishes.. might be disappointed. I liked the fact that they didn't use much or garlic and did not see any red pepper flakes on my plate. I do hate red pepper flakes mixed with sauce usually so it was just right for me. They gave hot sauce on the side but I did not use that. It was a bit sweet and slightly spicy side. And I also got the multigrain rice which was delicious. The texture was chewy and dry side so it was almost like multi grain salad. They give edamame and steamed carrot on the side which I wasn't fan of. 
My dish was delicious ( for me) but was too small. I am so used huge portion of Korean meal with free sides. But I did like the sauce a lot so I will keep going back whenever I am craving. 
My hub actually enjoyed his galbi tang. They used LA galbi, different type of galbi Korean uses for this soup but broth was good. He finished all. But he is the kind of guy needs kimchi and side dishes when he eats Korean so he was sad there was no free kimchi. 
I would really like this place if they have little bigger portion .YUM!
I saw this store being built and could not wait for it to finally open!  Yummay! I did the make my own Bibimbap thing, got it with Bock Choy, Bean Sprouts, Spinach, Mushrooms and the Beef [ Drum-rolls please] with the spicy sauce. Goddamn i ate it all! It wasnt the plan but i did! And the best part about it? I din't feel gross at all! Im not gonna lie eating out way too much makes me feel pretty gross,but this was very light, fresh and just the perfect portioning, although i could use a little bit more vegetables. The beef was spicy, juicy and succulent! Some of the vegetables though, I could tell straight came out of the can [I am pretty darn sure, if not i am horribly wrong, which can't be] so they could use some flavors or something. 
The interior is warm and welcoming and you would have no idea about it unless you actually stepped in! Great lunch spot if you are willing to spend $10 or a bit more, not to mention, its really hard to find healthy food when you are eating out.This review is for their signature hotbowl of bibimbap with bulgogi! 
I got to pick out of three sauces: hot, mild, sweet. I got mild, which had a kick at the end! Anyway, getting to the actual bowl!! I drooled! The proportion of bulgogi was huge!! So much meat! I'm not complaining of course. Every bite had a piece of meat! Vegetable for me was okay, just mediocre.  As for the rice, amazing! Having the hotbowl makes a huge difference eating bibimbap. The rice turned brown and got crunchy.  Overall, I enjoyed my bibimbap. 
However, the price is too expensive. To have a hotbowl is an extra $1.50 or so. Literally spent over $12 to get bibimbap. 
I'm giving it three stars, nothing too special except the huge meat portions and having the hotbowl; and the price is expensive!Korean food can be delicious but also healthy. If you want whole grain, skip the white rice and order the multi grain called "japgok bap".   Typical main entrees are low in carbs so you will be fine. BYOB so pair spicy with Cabernet or Pino noir.First time trying this Korean restaurant. Just happen to pass it and wanted to try it for dinner. Spacious seating area and very clean too 
You order your food at the counter, grab a seat then they will bring you your food. Got the beef jap chae , & chicken bibimbap Korean fried chicken combo. All the dishes were very tasty and tasted authentic to me. The server was super nice and friendly. 
I would come back here for Korean food. You don't find a lot of Korean restaurants in the center city so this would be my go to spot from now on.I was still thinking about their super-crispy chicken two days later.  I ordered the unsauced six-piece mixed breast and wing option, which was definitely a sufficient meal.  Get the garlic sauce on the side for dipping.  The ambience was much nicer than one might expect from a fast casual spot.  I ordered takeout, but I can definitely see coming back for a sit-down meal.  They need to open a spot in University City!Ordered the bimbimbop (Koreana) with spicy pork.  The dish was quite tasty, and stayed sizzling hot (temperature, not spice level) for the entirety of my meal.  Had I not eaten with a friend from South Korea, I wouldn't have known that the rice at the bottom of the stone bowl is meant to burn and become crispy.  Actually turned out to be a nice effect.  In addition to the bimbimbop, I ordered some pork dumplings that were good, but grossly overpriced.  Ten dollars for 5 dumplings is ridiculous.  Also, I wish they had a fountain soda machine with a water spout.  Having to walk back and forth to the counter to get my Dixie cup filled got annoying. Overall, a good experience though.Ordered both the signature and koreana bibimbop (hot stone) with beef, one with their spicy sauce and the other with sweet sauce. Bibimbop was decent, but their beef is chopped up into really small pieces, so when you mix it together you really cant taste it, so I would recommend getting a different protein. Also, both sauces didn't really add much flavor, as the spicy was not spicy at all while the sweet sauce tasted rather bland. 
Also ordered the Korean Fried Chicken. I am an avid fan of Cafe Soho and other Korean chicken places in NY.  Rice & Mix's chicken was ok, chose the spicy flavor and it had a decent kick to it. I prefer Cafe Soho's better. 
Overall, their food is decent, but nothing special. I do appreciate the cleanliness and quickness of service, but not sure if I'll be back.I was not expecting to have such a disappointing lunch. Is it possible I am spoiled living in Chinatown? Possibly. Here were my biggest complaints:
1. Price- I ended up spending $13 for takeout, just for the bibimbop. No drinks or sides included! I find that outrageous for fast casual. Granted, the portions were huge and I ended up saving half for later, but it still wasn't fair. Their whole model needs to be re-evaluated. For the entrees there are 2 options: 1. Regular 2. Hot stone. Apparently regular means the entree is served cold. I may not be an expert in bibimbop, but charging $3 extra to have a hot rice dish doesn't even make sense. 
2. Flavor- Making my way to the back of the restaurant to place my order, I passed a window displaying all of the ingredients. This actually excited me, as there was a great variety of fresh items to choose from. However, after taking my first bite of the meal, I was extremely disappointed how bland it tasted. The dish was served with hot/medium/or mild sauce on the side (which I thought was more of a salsa), but I was confused why there was no sauce in the dish. Just a plain bowl of dry rice & veggies- no thank you. 
Don't be fooled-! With all of the options in the neighborhood, there are plenty of other places to get a better meal.