Waited a little to long for my food when there were only 4 guests in the restaurant (very slow day but I waited at least 20minutes). I sipped on good hot coffee and waited patiently. I had the Southern Catfish Waffle and all I can say is YUM!!! It was really good!!! I wasn't able to eat it all but when I ate it late for lunch it was still good. I will go again but only when it's a slow day because I can imagine how long my food would take if there were a few extra ppl there.Again amazing food and service as usual. The friendlist staff and smzing food in Germantown Go here to eat. Lamonaye is amazing eat with her and tip her well. Sherits is amazing as well, eat with her well. Dont be cheapestCame here for lunch and our waiter recommended the catfish galore...it was amazingly good! This place is very nice. It has quite a nice space. The staff is friendly.The food was tasty but it took ridiculously long! We were sitting for 30 minutes before we even got our waters the food took almost an hour to come out and we waited for the check about 20 minutes. Overall not worth it.I've eaten here several times and each time I have gotten something different. From the catfish and grits to the amazing waffles, this place is great! So happy I found this place. I will continue to eat here!I have been here a couple of times with my boyfriend but today I decided to go alone really having a taste for pancakes. I have always been greeted and sat in a timely fashion. The staff here are professional and friendly toward children. Even when eating alone at the bar staff will engage in conversation while tending to needs. Everything I have tried at Rose Petal has been tasty thus far. The plates are perfect size. The music is also nice. It usually is always a wait on the weekend.This is my new favorite go-to brunch spot in Philadelphia!
Service: 
The staff was very friendly. Our waiter in particular was one of the best I've had in a long time. Upon arrival we were seated within minutes (no wait time on a Saturday afternoon, you can't beat that.)
This restaurant is BYOB and our waiter made sure we had all we needed to begin the festivities. Orders are taken by the waiter on an iPad which expedites the process. I would say within 10-15 minutes our food out. 
Food:
AMAZING!! I order the Catfish & Grits.. which was just great. It was also sooooooo much food. The grits alone took up the entire plate. On top of that, it came with a side of eggs and a choice of meat. 
My friend ordered an omelette, which came with home fries and a choice of meat. She also ordered a side of Petal Cakes, which is basically just a stack of pancakes. Her food was also really good!
Overall: Great service, amazing food, reasonably priced and it is black owned!Went here for brunch and ordered the Rose Petal Delight Cakes with Turkey bacon and eggs on the side. AMAZING!!! Our server, Malcolm, was so nice and helpful, and the atmosphere was very chill and welcoming. Would definitely make my way back here if I come to Philly again!This is our new favorite place to get breakfast. The chicken and buttermilk waffles are amazing and we have had them on three occasions. The fajita omelet is incredible as well. We have also tried the turkey bacon. scrambled eggs, and the home fries and everything is amazing. Parking is sometimes an issue but the food is well worth the hassle.To begin...I'd like to say that I absolutely love their food!!....IF I can actually GET the food served to me at a decent timeframe from when I actually place my order (rolls eyes). I'm a native NYer, but my mom lives around the corner from this place. When it first opened up, every time I visited Philly, I wanted to go to Rose Petals. I loved the initial purpose behind the creation of the place. After the first visit, I spared mercy on them for taking more than 30 minutes to bring out my order. On the second visit, I wasn't so light. But I admit..I am addicted to their rose petals delight french toast! So I knew they'd take forever but would give me what my hunger craved. 
This past weekend, I visited Philly and reminding myself of their ridiculous wait-time, my sister and I (we both frequent this place quite often), decided the BEST route, would be to do their takeout (rolls eyes once again). Well boy were we wrong. Now my sister mentioned to me that she ordered take out once and they gave her the wrong order (she ordered french toast--they gave her, what I assume was pancakes, which to me were a stack of dry, round, flat, and cold, chalk thingys---i'm not a fan of them.) 
But nevertheless, here we were...willing to give their services another try. On 3/8/14, I call around late 9am, ordered our simple order and the girl (btw, she was very pleasant) told me 20 minutes. Now, dealing with their "20 minutes" before, we decided it best to give them 30 minutes before leaving to pick up our food. We get there and lo and behold, the cashier tells us our order isn't ready yet at 35 mins later. I go back outside and wait another 12-15 minutes on our food. I walk in and the cashier once again says, "i'm sorry, its not ready yet. We're just having a busy day". I hold my tongue because this isn't a new york restaurant and it's still in its "start-up" phase. So...back out to my car I go to wait another 10 minutes. 
Alright, i think an hour later is SUFFICIENT  enough time to have a simple order complete. Plus, i realllyyy had my heart set out on those delight french toast! So I trudge back in there and the cashier says "your order is coming out from the kitchen now". So I stand there...and wait...and wait...for said order to come out the kitchen "now". After ten minutes of now waiting at the counter, the co-owner, a nice hispanic (i'm assuming), woman comes to me and says, "i'm sorry, do you want a refund?" 
No explanation to what happened to my order that was "coming out of the kitchen now". I was so pissed off, I turned my back and left as quietly as I came. I wanted to ask her if she could "refund me MY TIME WASTED" 
All in all, Dear Owners of Rose Petals, you make good food. Your husband is a really great cook along with his staff. And the girls in the front although slow most of the time, are genuinely pleasant. I also support the restaurant because it is in honor of your deceased sister Rose and also in honor of breaking domestic violence within relationships. BUT, I REFUSE to order from you all because by the time you bring out people's food, ten years might as well have gone by waiting. Please work on your service more!! Oh and REFUND ME my time wasted that morning for more than an hour and a half!They offer gluten free bread! They were out of some items but still a good find on Germantown Ave, which can be hit or miss...Totally Unacceptable!! Took my wife there for Valentine's Day dinner because we wanted to support a neighborhood business and the lure of a small cosey environment.  What a disaster! First, the waitress was totally incompetent about the menu items. The choice of appetizer was caesar salad or tomato soup....seriously! Anyway, we were the third couple to arrive and order, but nearly the last to eat after maybe a dozen or more couples arrived. Once our food finally arrived, of course it was wrong. Finally after 25 minutes or so the food arrived and it was far from what I expected. My lamb chop was very small with mostly fat and bone. My wife's stuff chicken leg lacked "stuff" and was very dry.  The service continued to go down hill as we had to call over two different workers to assist us with various requests such as water refills and napkins. However, throughout it all I remained calm and silent until the folks around us begin to have the same complaints.  For desert, I had the chocolate cake that was probably baked a week ago tasted like paste. Rose Petals, please do better going forward,  especially if you want to charge $65 a meal!Me and my Queen went half on two of the Grandmas Love Waffle the Chicken Sausage Omelette w/ Gouda and a side of Turkey Bacon. The food quality, ambiance and service was uber Ethereal!!! You don't eat at Petals, you experience Petals.First time here. The server really friendly, the chicken waffle delicious. We order grits and cat fish it turn out too dry for usGreat coffee, great service, great atmosphere in a slick location. Try the chicken and waffles!Unbelievable breakfast. Four separate dishes were extremely tasty. Highly recommend the Southern Comfort. Ambience and service top notch. Mother's Day pricing was probably a bit too steep but overall experience was outstandingLoved my brunch experience. I ordered the catfish and grits and it was sooooooooooo good. The grits were creamy, well seasoned and didn't need a dash of anything.  Just perfect.  & the catfish was very good. I'm not generally a fan of catfish but these catfish nuggets were good.  It's a small establishment complete with a kids room, which I thought was a very nice touch.  The waitstaff was personable and we enjoyed our brunch. My friend ordered French Toast & enjoyed her meal as well.SAVE YOURSELF!!!!!!!! Went to this place a few weeks ago. I thought it was such a cute little cafe. However, my mood quickly changed. I have patience but the wait is ridiculous. I waited 2 HOURS!!!!!!!!! Just for an omelette and bagel. I gave two stars instead of one because our waiter Ron, was very helpful.Nice place, friendly staff, descent food. The portions are small. I had the peanut butter waffle. There was a teaspoon of peanut butter for a plate sized waffle. There was also a teaspoon of sweet cream cheese and 1 small sliced strawberry. Not enough to have for every bite of the waffle. Big disappointment. The flavor of everything was very good, but it seemed like the were charging more for a fancy plate presentation than a meal that would satisfy. I spent $12 for lunch including tip. I am an averaged sized person and left there still hungry. I won't return.Being previous Rose Petal customers we experienced great food. However, out of the numerous times that we've been here, something has always been less than stellar with service or temperature of food. Our friends wanted to continue to support them because they're a black owned business. So one day, we headed to grab breakfast early in the morning before the crowd arrived. We stood waiting to be seated while it appeared no one was in the restaurant. I finally said good morning loudly and a waiter informed us that he would be with us and that we could have a seat. Halfway into our meal a fixture fell on a customer and water poured down on the customers across a few tables. An elder whom the fixture fell on tried to get up as fast as she could. After she got up and people were rushing to help, she fell. A staff person assisted her, and they asked another table to move so that they could clean the mess up. Sad to say that the owner walked in and said nothing after learning that there was an issue. He walked straight to the back and never returned. As workers scrambled to clean up the mess, the guests whom the water fell on we're left to ask for napkins to dry themselves off. The second owner came in and said nothing as well. The guests whom it fell on all started to leave, and ownership said nothing. They dried up the spot and continued to serve food as if nothing happened. Let's say that unfortunately, this is the last time that we will visit. A simple apology to the customers injured, or inconvenienced would have went a long way. Instead nothing was said and the inconvenienced guests left.Stopped past for breakfast last Sunday..... And ended up hosting my 34th Birthday Party/ Scandal Watch party the following Thursday! The food was GREAT! The service was GREAT! The atmosphere was GREAT! This spot is a gem in the community! Can't wait for dinner service to start!!I was happy to bring out of town friends to the Rose Petals Cafe & Lounge today for a nice breakfast.  They were seeking between the Savory & Sweet, but wanted it to provide that "comfort food" appeal.  I immediately felt Rose Petals would meet this picky bunches punch list.  
We called ahead because we had a group of five (5) and the seating is limited.  As we arrived, we had a table awaiting us and our greeter- Malcolm.  Wow, Malcolm was awesome and made our experience a wonderful one, he was pleasant and attentive to our requests.  
Food:  The group ordered coffee, tea, waffles, french toast and a few other menu favorites. The food was good, everyone was pleased with their orders.  
Service:  The wait for the meal was a bit long-over 15 minutes.  I am not sure of the set-up in the kitchen, but they may need more chefs to get the food out quicker, but that is my only note for this special place.
Price:  Reasonable for the portions offered.Really nice and cute place to eat. The food was great. Had some issues with service but the manager got involved without us asking and took great care of my friend and I. Would definitely go again.Delicious waffles, eggs and scrapple. The staff is pretty friendly and we've never had to wait for a table. Love the atmosphere and music (very loungy). I wish they had espresso drinks. I think that would make this place that much better :)I ordered from this place and let me begin by saying the food was great!!! The portions were nice and my family moved the fresh fruit added to the pancakes. I would have given them 5 stars but they forgot a waffle order and when I contacted them back the only response that I received was they were sure it was in there. The saving grace was I had more then enough of the large portions to make it work. I will try them again and let you know how it goes....Food is great service is terrible like so annoying that the taste of the food doesn't matter. I had a party of two and it took 15mins to get a ginger ale and water. And when we ordered food we only ordered a sausage egg and cheese and grits with toast. It took 40 mins and during that time the waitress didn't even update us and we were sitting at the bar area so she came by frequently. Once our drinks were gone and we almost fell asleep the waitress came over and said it would be five mins which turned into 10. At that point I paid for my ginger ale and surprisingly that didn't take long. The worst part is that the manager didn't even inquire it's almost like this was normal for customers to come in and waste their time. 
I would only come back if they hired more ppl to handle the volumeI love this place. Great food, great service. They're usually pretty crowded for breakfast, which I personally think is the best thing to get there. Their chicken and waffles are bomb.The wait at this establishment is insane. Waited 30 mins to get seated. Then the wait for our food after we ordered was an additional 45 mins! Insane! I ordered shrimp and grits with beef bacon and eggs. The shrimp and grits were not good at all. Left a bad taste in my mouth. Too much Cajun seasoning. On top of that I only had about 4 little shrimp thrown in a big plate of grits. After I ate the shrimp, I had so many grits left over. My partner ordered french toast with turkey bacon. His entree was not warm and the french toast was a bit soggy. The owner needs to invest in a bigger location as well. Way too cramped and tight. Lastly, there is only one bench to sit on if you are waiting to be seated. Be prepared to stand outside or in your car because the bench only sits about 2 people in the waiting area.Arrived here late for a brunch date with a gf so I was seated right away. I had a trying morning and fortunately for me the food was LOVE at first bite ! 
We both ordered the Grandma's stuffed french toast and it was the best french toast I've had in a good while. It was two french toast slices stuffed with strawberry cream cheese & topped with fresh strawberries. It was accompanied 2 bacon strips and 2 eggs any style and there was no extra charge for the cheese for the eggs. woohoo
I chose turkey bacon and again it was love. By far, it was the best turkey bacon I've tasted in years. Honestly I don't know many people that eat turkey bacon because they prefer the taste, they eat it for health or religious reasons and yet this turkey bacon was just plain good ! 
Overall my only complaints are that the first table they seated us was a high top table and it was uncomfortable and was in the walkway. We asked to be moved and were much more comfortable after that. Our server was a bit slow but overall nice. 
I'd definitely come back and bring friends!Great variety of food items, however the service was not tiptop. The syrup came out with water in the top of the jar, my waffle was drenched in water. My fiance had to wait for 20 mins to get his steak sauce, so he food was cold. I dont know if we will be visiting again.This was our first trip to Rose Petal but it certainly won't be our last. Our first pleasant surprise was that they actually have a kids room with toys and books which was so helpful with our wiggly toddler. I ordered the catfish and grits platter. Everything was so flavorful! Creamy grits, moist fish, yummy turkey bacon & cheesy eggs. My friend got the chicken and waffles which she thought had good flavor but she didn't love the texture. The chicken wasn't fried legs or breasts so there's no crunch and everything is just kind of soft. Our server, Malcolm, was so helpful and told us where the local playgrounds and schools were. Overall, it was a great visit and we will be back!Been here about 5 times. Usually get the pancakes or French toast which also comes with eggs and bacon. I've gotten several varieties of said pancakes/French toast and all have been solid. Add a fresh fruit salad (mangoes, blueberry, banana, blackberry, strawberry) for another $1.50. Food is always consistent and the coffee (la Colombe) is strong. One of these days I'll explore the lunch menu and of course I still have to get the belgian waffles that they are known for. Service is no frills but fine for what it is. If this place was in a neighborhood like northern liberties or south philly it would have a line out the door like a Honeys or Sabrina'sI had a southern comfort which was cat fish ontop of a cornbread waffle. 
A.M.A.Z.I.N.GThis place is pretty good, but it did not live up to the raving reviews from friends.  We went on a Sunday morning, and there was no wait, which was great.  The place is super cute and nicely decorated, and the staff is very friendly.  It took a bit of time to get drinks, food, and the check, but I can give them a pass simply because they are new-ish and very gracious hosts.  I got the meat lovers omelette, which did not have any cheese.  My mistake, as I should have read more closely and asked to add it.  Without it, the eggs were fluffy but flavorless, and the meat, which was just sitting inside of it in a small, dry pile, was cut into tiny pieces and way over-cooked.  The toast was cold, but the grits were delicious and more than generously served.  My partner got the tall stack of plain pancakes, which he said were "not nearly as good as trolley cars best pancakes" (weekend pancakes), "but better than their not best pancakes" (weekday pancakes).  They were very thin, not at all fluffy, but apparently had a very nice texture and flavor.  On the plus side, he received four plain pancakes for a few dollars less than he would have received three plain pancakes there.  
Note: sodas are cans, so no free refills.  Our check for two people was only $17 though, so not too bad.
We will try it again after 11am someday to see if their lunch menu is better.Waffles and pancakes were amazing! Everything was fresh & flavorful. Presentation was nice as well. Service was great, always a plus to be served by friendly staff. I called ahead, and took my breakfast to go. Nice ambiance, do I plan to sit & eat next time.Very nice place. Good food and great service.  A new place in Germantown that has good qualities and is clean and well kept that's something that doesn't happen all the time. Also, they have a wonderful children's playroom in the back. That's awesome. They offer whole wheat pancakes and turkey/beef products for those adverse to the swine. Reasonable prices are the cherry or should I say strawberry on the (pan)cake!So glad  Rose Petals came to the neighborhood. It's fantastic!  I've been twice so far and had waffles both times. Grandma's Love is a plain waffle covered in baked apple slices. Perfectly sweet, not overkill. I think that the apples should be offered as a side for those times when you can't decide between sweet and savory for breakfast. The second time  I had a wheat waffle with whipped cream. Delicious. The grits? My God, I wish they came by the bucketful. Perfect La Colombe coffee, too. At first I thought it was a bit cheap to offer only one free refill, but the mugs are basically the size of swimming pools.
The staff is also friendly and competent, and the owners even seem to regularly check in with customers. 
Also, a previous reviewer said they might not bring kids, but there's actually a small play room for kids to hang out while the grown ups hang out. I've brought my infant both times. The first time he slept, the second time he was awake but quietly sat in my lap. I would probably decide to leave with him if he got grumpy though because the place is pretty small and a loud kid would disturb pretty much everyone in there.
Great not to have to drive downtown to Sabrina's or Morning Glory for a fantastic brunch. Rose Petals is just as good, if not better (and not quite as pricy... Although the portions aren't quite as obscene, either).After moving to Germantown from South Philly I was immediately disappointed in the breakfast and brunch options.  I have been walking by Rose Petals for a few weeks now and decided to go for breakfast today with my boyfriend.  
I got the berry waffle with a side of turkey sausage and a coffee.  The waffle was fresh and delicious.  The turkey sage sausage was amazing.  Tasted like it was made from scratch.  The coffee,  LaColombe, was served in a huge mug.  I love LaColombe and am so glad there is finally somewhere to get a good cup of coffee in Germantown.  
Boyfriend got the chicken and waffles and a soda.  The chicken was well seasoned and crispy and the waffle, like mine was perfect.  
Our meal was $27.00.
Our visit was perfect from the service to the food to the ambiance which is why I gave 5 stars.  I would only change two things. The whipped cream which did not taste homemade and the syrup which was not real maple syrup.  
Awesome addition to our neighborhood!  I can't wait to go back and bring friends and family.Best waffle I've had since I was a student at Lincoln University (PA). The food tasted fresh. Especially the eggs. All I needed was the cheese. No salt necessary. I don't think they serve pork. The beef bacon was cooked to perfection. They are strict with their breakfast hours, but if you come after 12, you can still get the waffle sandwich that has eggs and bacon in it. It was great. I will be back.As a renowned "omelet snob" I let server Ashley know that if the egg white omelette with mushroom, spinach, onion and cheese I ordered was terrible, I'd end up on Yelp. Her response "I'm up for challenge." Not only was the omelette superb, Ashley's service was as well.  And it's BYO?! Meet your new brunch spotAmazing! Everything hit the spot just right. My girlfriend and I both had the strawberry rose French toast; the turkey bacon was so authentic and complimented the eggs very well. The French toast was tops though, chocolate crumbles, whipped cream, fresh strawberries and powdered sugar...gone in one minute!Awesome family owned and operated restaurant in the heart of Germantown. Support Local Small Businesses.The food is dope (that means it's real good).  First time in this place and I almost gave up on it 'cuz the wait was a little bit long.  It's a small space but think it could be rearranged a bit better to accommodate more people. They could use a hostess, do something 'bout those flies, fix the door (looks like somebody tried to break in), and have the city fix the sidewalk outside since there is outdoor seating.  Those are your cons.  Despite the time, people stayed and waited so that clued me in that the food had to be good.  The decor is nice too. We ordered the cornbread waffle with catfish and I would've licked the plate if I wasn't such a classy muhfucka.  The eggs with turkey sausage were excellent.  Chocolate chip pancakes were good but not real fluffy.  But other than that it's some good eating.Crab cakes for breakfast!!! Add eggs and bacon cheesy grits(grits!!! With cheese!!! Done right!!!)
 How can this be bad? 
The service was great the ambiance is nice the place was alive with locals.
I would definitely go back. I suggest that when you're in Philly you check it outLove Rose Petals Cafe, it's great place for me and my partner to share our life experiences  and workout ideas that we are going to apply action to. Most importantly the food and the service is absolutely the best. The servers are so attentive and pleasant it's hard for have breakfast any place else.  #thebreakfastclub.
Kenny GPros: The food is good, tasty and filling. 
Cons: The wait. The wait was so long, we had a 10 minute conversation with the table next to us. After finishing our 10 minute conversation among ourselves. Ok ay, we did order hot sandwiches, but they were burgers.
I recommend going, as it is new and it can use the business to improve the cons. The food is good, just haven't the time to wait for it.Today was my first time at Rose Petals Cafe & Lounge and I had a great experience! Everything from the atmosphere, decor, waitstaff, and especially the food combined to create a really nice outing. I ordered a belgian waffle with crumbled sausage and gouda cheese and was blown away. Very delicious. 
I hope this resturant stays around and cannot wait to try their upcoming lunch menu. As a former Obama '12 volunteer I couldn't believe how they retrofited the former Germantown campaign office. They did a very good job.Food was amazing yet again, however my family & I had a 12:45 reservation and still had to wait an hour to be seated. We will definitely dine in the suburbs during big holidays like Mother's Day.This was such a great brunch find during a girls' trip to Philly for the weekend! We sat outside and our service was great from start to finish. Our server was extremely friendly, attentive, and courteous. He described menu items in detail and was very patient with all of quirky requests to add this, remove that, and put something on the side. He was also super fun to chat with and gave us local tips on what to do in Philly!
Our food came out hot & fresh! We all raved about how good our choices were and each of us cleaned our plates. By far my favorite part of the experience here was the owner coming outside before going on a break and overhearing me asking about watermelon. After playfully joking with him about not having watermelon in the fruit salad he left and came back a few minutes later with a whole watermelon he had sent to the kitchen and sliced for my friends and I. I was elated!! And so very grateful for his kind gesture and exemplary customer service.
Go to Rose Petal's, I highly recommend the food, service, ambience, and total experience! Great find in the Philly area!Our server was delightful however, the service was slow and the portion was small. It could have been the items that I ordered. Other waffle & French toast orders looked plentiful. Our server noted that Rose Petals Cafe recently moved to digital payments and that she was still learning. The new system didn't seem efficient or effective. I hope that they improve. I would give it another try.A year ago I gave Rose Petal 4stars! It's sad that I can't do the same today. I ordered to go and my food was the worst. I was so mad. I had already left the restaurant and didn't feel it was worth returning the food and complaining. The cook knows what he put in my platter and thought it was ok. Well that costed the restaurant a bad review with 1 star. I will never order take out again.What a find. 
This place really drives home the reality of the impending renaissance of the Chel-Wayne area of Germantown. Things are looking up for the 'hood!
I love how cozy and elegant the atmosphere is at Rose Petals Cafe. The place has the chameleon-like ability to be a sophisticated yet comfortable and family -friendly bunch spot during the day (complete with a kids' play room), then  at night, become an intimate spot for a romantic dinner date, punctuated by live music.
For brunch, we loved the chicken and waffles -- the non-traditional twist, with pulled chicken and sweet maple glaze, is just as delicious, yet spares you the 15 minutes of work, cutting your chicken off the bone, slicing it into little pieces, and pouring the syrup. You can just dig right in. That's perfect for the slow and easy, no-fuss sensibilities of a brunch meal.
We also had the catfish and grits. Delicious. The fish was well seasoned and fried perfectly, and the grits were spot on -- creamy, salty, and just a touch of butter. This was the first time I'd ever eaten anyplace where I didn't have to customize my grits before digging in. Impressive.
The smoothies were really nice and full of fresh-tasting fruit, too, without being overpriced (around $3).
The young ladies running the house were sweet, welcoming and attentive, without going overboard on checking on you.
I took away one star, but would've only taken away half a star, if I could've. That deduction was due to the long wait for our food to come out...but once we tasted it, we couldn't stay mad.
We'll be back, maybe next time to check out Rose Petals Cafe's sexy night-time alter ego.
Definitely worth a trip, even if you live in another part of town.My boyfriend and I just moved to East Falls and decided to check this place out, and it is fantastic.  
The food was amazing and all prepared fresh.  My boyfriend got the Chicken and Waffles and I got the Berry Waffles.  I was a little hesitant to order the berry waffles because this is usually just berries from a can and heated up and tossed on top of the waffle, but I shouldn't have worried the berry compote had clearly been made from fresh berries and was amazing, tart and just a  little sweet. 
We will absolutely be coming back to try different things.Ever since I left this place, I've been ranting and raving about the breakfast. I was introduced to Rose Petals through my friend who currently lives in Maryland. So one morning I decided to give it a try. I had the waffle quesadilla, a waffle stuffed with turkey ham, peppers, tomatoes, cheese and onions, it was so amazing! There are so many other options that I want to try when I go back. It's a small establishment, but the service is fast. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming, love everything about it!They were awesome at first when they opened, The food, atmosphere was perfect, especially Sunday brunch. You didn't mind waiting because you know that you were going to enjoy your food and the atmosphere. THEN THEY FELL OFF. After my first bad experience it wasn't an big deal. Then I went back numerous times, each and every time I went after my bad experience  it became worse and worse . I don't know if they changed the management and cook however the food became nasty and burnt or their stuffed French toast with cream cheese was horrid it came out like slop, I asked for over medium eggs they came out cold and well done. I really wanted to love this place.. kinda sad about it.Short Review: Great Food, Cozy Atmosphere, Attentive Service, Go Eat Here!
Long Review: I've had my eye on the place since it opened. I am always driving past here, today I had some free time  and decided to stop and take delight in their food. I quickly looked at the menu and decided on the chicken and waffles, I struggled a bit with ordering it because it wasn't the "traditional chicken and waffles" rather maple glazed pulled chicken with crispy skin on top of a waffle. I'm a woman who loves tradition but always open to change so I decided to try it. It was really good!  However, I didn't really receive much of chicken but more of the skin, which was soggy but I just picked through what was there of the chicken, tossed the skin to the side, and devoured the waffle. Not a deal breaker, but since I tried it, liked most of it, I probably wouldn't get it again because of the chicken issue.
NOW, Let's talk about the star of the show, the waffle. This is not your standard waffle mix waffle, it's different, airy, light, filled with air pockets (which is a really good thing) slightly crispy on the outside but perfectly airy on the inside. Honestly to me it seemed like it was a mix of a really, really good cake batter and a really, really, really good waffle mix. Saying that to say, they clearly make their own waffle mix because I could taste so many subtle flavors in the waffle. I can say I am a lover of waffles and this waffle was probably one, if not the best, I have ever eaten.
One slight note: The waitress didn't mention the specials to me and I only saw them written on the board after I ordered my food. The table that was seated after me, she definitely pointed out the specials so I was like dag, but really not a big deal. I will let that slight slip pass because she was very attentive and pleasant. 
I know it wasn't intentional.
I went early and  there were a few people in the restaurant, but as I was leaving it was filling up. I would suggest for a first time visit, based on some of the reviews, try and go when it's less crowded.
I really hope they stay consistent because they are clearly being well received and producing really good food. Word of mouth travels fast and I will sing their praises as long as they keep up the great work.  
The menu is creative and different. Not your average breakfast/brunch place but well worth all the buzz it's getting. 
The food should speak volumes without the chef uttering a word, and that waffle did just that, so kudos to the chef! 
The food was amazing, very friendly server, need I 
say more... You want to go now, don't you... So go!Pretty solid joint. Coffee kept coming, and service was quick. Had the French toast dish and a side order of homefries. They forgot my whipped cream on the French toast but it wasn't the end of my world. Coming back again to try the Southern Comfort waffle dish.Just left this rude establishment!!! Was seated at 830am. Unfortunately at 850am, I was out the door and back into my car looking for somewhere else to eat. No one came to take my drink order. No one came to take my food order. Two parties of four were serviced promptly after seating. Rudely, I was not. The owner/manager Tonya had no explanation for this disgraceful display of customer service. I've been here 3 separate times prior to this and service was still slow. This time it was non existent. The restaurant was not crowded. It's also a holiday. So on Easter Sunday, I couldn't even order a meal. The waitstaff completely ignored me for the 20min that I was there. I will NEVER give these people a dollar. Menu is creative, but when you have a complete lack of follow thru from the front of the house, what good is it?I went 5/2/2017 to have a late breakfast. I wanted to try something other than my usual greasy spoon. When I first walked in the atmosphere was very calm and relaxed. I dug how there was a choice of stationary as well as movable seating. A very hip vibe covered the style and decor. Sitting down the menus were place at empty tables. A quick browse of the menu showed some exotic and inventive versions of breakfast and lunch standards. Meat choices were of a healthier fare turkey and chicken and beef choices were in abundance as well as unique pancake, waffle, and French toast options. 
(I look forward to trying some if I return) My appetite however was not as adventurous as the menu, I was in the mood for the basics bacon, eggs, home fries,and hopefully a decent toasted diner style corn muffin. The closest I could find was a meat lovers omelette that gave a choice of home fries as an option and rye toast. After a lengthy wait I received something vastly different than my appetite was craving. My eggs were prepared in the form of a very greasy omelette but the meat was tucked loosely under folded eggs instead of being combined together as part of the dish. Separately these two ingredients were difficult to enjoy. My home fries looked more like roasted potatoes and had a flavor that I did not care for, with that and cold toast I wished I had just went to a regular diner and properly fed my cravings. The menu and atmosphere had intrigued me so that I want to try something else at a later date. I just wishI could have had a better executed dish. With a warning of what I encountered I would still recommend trying the place again.Camp Funzie had an incredible time during our visit to this establishment last week!  We went for a yummy waffle breakfast and got so much more.  The server, Malcolm, was friendly and talked to all of the children about owning a business.  This was definitely a fun stop on our tour of local and Black Owned Businesses during our 2018 theme of "Black Coffee...No Sugar...No Cream"!Like I said before I had heard good things before. For my first time here I tried the meat lovers omelette. It had bacon and spicy sausage with pepper jack cheese. I was impressed that they used real eggs. It came with hash browns. Again to my surprise these browns were an original recipe, not the cheap kind you get at some diners. Also try the the the rose pedal smoothie. I will definitely give this spot another tryMy boyfriend and I ordered the spicy turkey sausage waffle, strawberry rose delight french toast, a side of turkey bacon and a bagel to pick up. 
We received burnt plain pancakes and a burnt waffle. 
When my bf called Rose Petals to ask for a refund back to his card, he was told he needed to bring the food back to the restaurant. 
He then asked to speak with a manager and was told she was too busy to speak with him.
So he made the 25 min trip back there. When he  arrived, he was again told that Tanya (manager) was too busy to speak with him. 
He waited for 15 minutes before he was handed a phone with Tanya on the other line. 
She claims she had to leave to go to the hospital?!?!
I smell bs.
Seriously, that is unbelievable. Its a shame she made him drive all the way back there to return their gross food and then not have the decency to speak with him.     
Everyone makes mistakes but the way you handle and correct them is what matters!
Tanya needs a lesson in customer service and perhaps Rose Petals needs a better chef.
#saynotowelldonebreakfastI love the food! I cant speak on the service while sitting in because I have only done take out. I have never been disappointed when I get my food. Its always hot and fresh. The food has the right amount of spice and always leaves me wanting more. I do plan on eating in, so I hope I am equally pleased. So far so good, keep up the great work! Thumbs up for Rose Petals!I'm a little torn with my feelings about Rose Petals. The food was good, but the service was terrible! We sat for over a half an hour before I got my food. It was a Sunday morning and we were starving. My waitress never came over to check on us. We had to flag her down and then finally someone else came to our aid, only to tell us that "we're busy, your order will be up soon. There's two orders ahead of you". That conversation took place after a half hour of waiting. We would've left, but at that point and after waiting so long, we figured it wouldn't hurt to wait a bit more. When we finally got our food, my food was good, but my boyfriend was livid at how tiny his omelet was.Sometimes there is a wait to get your order. In this case, thats a good sign. Everything I have tried on the menu is very good. If I had to recommend one, The "Southern Comfort" - Waffle with Seasoned catfish - Soooo goood!!!!!I stopped by here for breakfast for the first time today, the experience was outstanding. Everything was perfect from the welcome, decor, menu choices, price and outstanding service.  The breakfast menu includes several omelet choices, interesting combinations of waffle selections and French toast options.  The coffee is excellent and there are also bakery choices.  The service was very attentive and on point. 
Currently open only for breakfast and lunch beginning October 4th they will serve dinner as well on Friday and Saturday evenings.  The location directly across from the Chestnut Hill West train station make this a great spot for commuters.
Hit this spot early as this will soon become a busy brunch spot.  Enjoy!!!Food and service was excellent! I got the chocolate chip pancakes with spicy sausage, fruit, and a hot chocolate.  Hubby got the chicken n waffle.  everything was wonderfulThis place is perfect for brunch! Our server, Malcolm, was really helpful and friendly. I ordered Grandma's stuffed French toast which comes with fresh strawberries and strawberry cream cheese. Toast was great and I loved the fresh strawberries! I would definitely come here again if I come back to Philly!Great Atmosphere and Service is excellent! 
Food was great! Cozy spoke that is very welcoming and inviting. Small space but it's well decorated and kept. Small Business Excellence! Will be returning. 
Our Server was Malcolm and he was FabolousFirst time coming to this place. Very cute and small.  Went for breakfast at 830am on Saturday. The place had a moderate crowd.  Waitress came promptly after we were seated. We order French toast and an egg/bacon sandwich.   Nearly an 45 minutes later, we asked the waitress where our food was. She stated she just checked on it.  Came back about 10 minutes later and said our food was being plated.   We waited another 10 minutes before giving up and walking  out. Over an hour and our food never came.Unacceptable is how I'm feeling having just left this establishment. Let me explain. I woke up this morning and invited my BFF Cheryl, and her 2 year old grandson to breakfast. There was a spot I heard about and really wanted to try. We arrived at 11:00 and we're informed there would be a 5 minute wait. No problem since I really wanted the Southern Comfort waffles I heard so much about. 15 minutes, not 5 minutes later, we were seated. I happily ordered the Southern comfort waffles. My BFF ordered mini pancakes for my nephew and catfish and grits for herself. The waitress then says, "we're out of catfish". Ummm sweetie, isn't catfish the meat in the Southern comfort waffles. Oh yea, sorry we just ran out. She then orders crab cakes and grits, asking first if they had them. "Yes mam we do". 10 minutes later our waitress came back to inform us they were or of crab cakes. She finally, after some debate, ordered something else. So as I'm sipping on my nice big cup of "lukewarm coffee", we note that only 1 other table 15 minutes in was receiving food. This table of 5, one person at a time was finally getting their food. Hmmm. Now struggling to keep a 2 yr old occupied and quiet, along with the couple next to us doing the same, 30 minutes, and several more people coming in the place, still no food. Oh, forgot to mention, the waitress finally made eye contact with us and said our food would be out in 5 minutes. Hmmm. At the 45 minute mark with still no food and a restless, hungry 2 yr old, we got up to leave. A completely packed restaurant, including the counter and only 1, yes 1 table had food. Everyone else, still waiting. 
The lady selling girl Scott cookies out front asked if we enjoyed the food as we were leaving. Ummm No, since we never got to eat. She said we should give them another try cause it really is a nice spot. Welp, for her maybe. For us, not so much. My BFF is a "1st impression" type of woman so she already says she's never going me. Me, I really want to give the food a try, but service has to get better. And let the servers know, with that many people waiting that long, go over and acknowledge your tables. ask them to be patient. See if another cup of HOT coffee would be needed. Sometimes. Great Food can become Horrible Food, with Horrible service.Rose Petals showed up on Yelp, so my husband & I decided to give it a try. Delicious food, incredible customer service, & great experience. The breakfast pastry was to die for! We will be back!The food is excellent. At times, the wait time is long but the servers are very friendly. The owners are nice as well. This is a great addition to the Germantown area.Great food worth the little bit of a wait.  I had the chicken and waffles chicken was fresh and cooked perfectly my girlfriend said her french toast was the best she has had in a long time.  Service was greatOur server was very friendly. She made sure she mentioned the specials of the day. Service was pretty good and the food was very good. Nice spot to go to on a Saturday morning with the kids or just to catch up with your girls or even to have a small business meeting. My son and I will definitely go back again.Delicious.  Excellent wait staff.  Desmond doing a great job.  Can't wait until Elkins Park location opens.  Much success!Great Service and Food!
Every January, my agency chooses a restaurant for our annual brunch after the holidays as a way to ease back into work. Upon recommendation from a staff member, we chose Rose Petals in Germantown, and I'm so glad we did! 
23 of our staff enjoyed healthy and delicious portions of breakfast selections ranging from Pulled Chicken and Waffles, to Catfish and Grits, to French Toast with turkey bacon and eggs (cooked to order). Everyone raved about their food, and vowed to return with friends and family in the near future. 
I personally enjoyed the Catfish and Grits, which was SOOOO yummy! The fish was crispy and flavorful, served with an aioli sauce that made it even better! The grits were perfect, even down the crunchy green onion bits on top! I had so much food that I took some home for lunch! Even the leftovers were good!
One of the highlights of the day was our server, Malcolm, who masterfully served our large group with grace and patience. He made sure we had everything we needed! 
I will definitely be returning...this place is wonderful!!! Next time, I'm getting the Chicken and Waffles!I've had breakfast here three times and always loved it!! 
My favorite so far is the Spicy Turkey Waffle with Gouda with syrup. It's the perfect combination of savory and sweet.  
Sometimes there's a wait for the food and other times it came out quick. Will be back soon!! Friendly hosts and servers, too.Bartender was really nice. He allowed us to taste the catfish before we ordered an entire platter. They do NOT serve alcohol but they are BYOB. COOL BEANSSSVery knowledgable staff! 
I had the French toast (server suggestion) and it was phenomenal! It was great that they had three options for sausage. I had the sage turkey sausage and it was superb!
This is my first brunch spot on Philly, after relocating from Chicago, so my expectations are pretty high! Well done!