Much better to come here in the winter for some warm comfort food.
I tried the chicken salad with green apples - very good but just a tad too mayonaise-y for my picky palate.  Next time I'll go back to the 1/4 chicken platter.
The counter gal who has been there from the start is amazing.  She is bright and friendly and works her tail off!
Friends all had 1/4 chicken meals - some had light, some had dark - all enjoyed.  Mac 'n cheese, corn muffins, kale chips, beet salad, collard greens and mashed sweet potatoes were enjoyed by all.
LOVE IT HERE.
(Boston Market for Yuppies?)Delish banh mi!  And the ginger miso dressing for the side salad was also great.  I'd give five stars but it's a bit on the pricey side for the various sides and add-ons -- if you aren't careful you can end up spending $20 for your lunch.  That said, it's tasty, there are vegetarian offerings, and the chicken is free-range local.  Will definitely go back when I feel like spending a bit of cash.Wow! I've been waiting for lunch to be available and it was worth the wait. Everything was spectacular. One of my favorites was a freshly cooked Succotash.Chicken banh mi. That is all.
For 7.50 you get an explosion of flavor in your mouth. The chicken is moist, the crispy chicken skin adds a nice crunch, and the pickled veggies and cilantro pack a punch. Say yes to jalapeno. A truly great sandwich. Pretty much ruins my appetite for dinner, but it's so worth it.
Curious to try their chicken meals and their half/whole chickens...while fairly pricey compared to the grocery store version.
Chicken Banh Mi includes: togarashi dressing, pickled red cabbage, cucumber, cilantro, rotisseur chicken, lime, crispy chicken skin, jalapeno. NOM!Rotisserie chicken brings to mind some place that rhymes with Moston Barket...right? Or those slimy weird plastic bubbles that fill most supermarkets with that smell that triggers some kind of instinctual hunting/gathering instinct... 
NOT HERE! Nope. At first I wasn't sure where I was supposed to sit, and the only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is I like to feel cozy while eating Mac-n-cheese so good I'd smack somebody's mom. It's a perfect creamy, peppery rendition of a classic. Bravo dudes. 
The bahn-mi was unique, and while I am not sure how I feel about the crispy skin on the sandwich- I am impressed with the balance of flavor. If you want traditional maybe this isn't where you'd want to go for this Vietnamese classic, but it's still worth trying. 
I never seem to get there when they have kale chips (which is ok since I make the best I've had anyway...) I do enjoy their other sides. Everything tastes homemade, and like there was love infused into everything.
Chicken...the chicken is moist, flavorful, and simply fantastic. If you can't make your own beautiful golden chicken...this is the next best thing to homemade, with love. 
Go, eat, be happy!Yummy organic chicken and affordable price! Good choice for a quick lunch break.
I stopped by here with a couple of coworkers. It was hard to decide what to get with a plenty of tempting choices. I settled with an order of quarter chicken meal (leg and thigh) with side of potatoes and roasted vegetables. The chicken is very tender but had a large piece of burnt chicken skin on. I tried the mac and cheese my coworker got and it's very tasty. A little kick of spiciness made it interesting.   
I would definitely go back there to try out their banh mi sandwich.Big shout out to Tina who treated my 7 year old so very well!
My little one loves the chicken here (the two of us get the $12 1/2 chicken meal which is way more than we can eat.  The corn mini-muffins were a huge hit with DD.  I love the Kale Chips (DD not as much.).  Plus they now serve Reed's Ginger Brew.  I love this place more and more - and when I want roast chicken - this is where I come.I've never actually set foot in the restaurant but Rotisseur has earned a spot in my rotation for delivery options. 
It's pretty much all about the Chicken Banh Mi sandwich. I love it so much that I might name my next kid Rotisseur Chicken Banh Mi sandwich. 
Other than that  particular menu item, the main offerings are the rotisserie chicken and sides. Both are good. I usually opt for the beets with feta along with the mac and cheese. You can't go wrong with either.
As a bonus, their delivery guys have always been prompt and courteous.LOVE IT! Great concept, well-executed. The chicken is tender and tasty, all the sides are awesome and they change with the seasons. The staff is super-attentive and friendly. Highly recommend it!Weak. The Bread was warm, crunchy as it should be and I really like the added touch of the crispy chicken skin inside the sw.
But the chicken was cold???  And it was 1pm on a weekday. I've had many Banh Mi sandwiches in New York (especially at Baoguette) and they were all filled with warm meat..maybe this is a personal choice but cold meat isn't just for me...
Apologies for the earlier review about hearing a microwave noise..apparently according to the owner they do not and never will own a microwave...so i'll take his word for it...I ordered delivery around 7pm on the weekend and got the same experience a lot of other people did. The chicken and tofu bahn mi were good but nothing spectacular. The sides were definitely lacking. The potatoes (which were actually supposed to be sweet potatoes and mis-sent) were cold and soggy. The mac and cheese was okay at best.
Maybe the food is better in person but I won't order delivery again.The barbecue chicken sandwich was a little dry and didn't have enough sauce, but the bread it was served on was fairly tasty and the price was reasonable. My colleague's banh mi looked great, though. I'll give it another try and update my review if I like my second trip there.Great spot for lunch!  I always order the breast and wing with two sides.  My standard side order is typically the kale chips.  They're so easy to make at home, but they're always perfect when I get them from Rotisseur. What am I doing wrong??  I always mix and match what I like for the second side and recently have been getting the mac n cheese. I am a bit of a mac n cheese snob, so I have very high expectations when I eat any version other than a homemade casserole.  While this isn't my grandma's mac n cheese, I find it to be a wholly acceptable alternative.Deliciousness and a good mixture of selections -- interesting tastes like Bahn Mi and simple pleasures like plain rotisserie chicken -- make this is good lunch spot. Whenever they deliver they forget something though, from a sauce to a full sandwich.Oooooh. Ahhhhh. Mmmmmmm.
Bf and I were anxiously awaiting the opening of Rotisseur. One day after grabbing dinner somewhere else, we decided to stop by see if they had finally opened. We were checking out the menu posted in the window. An employee stepped out and said, "Come in! I'll give you a free corn muffin, no strings." 
Well.
We got our corn muffins while we checked out the rest of the food. It took all of maybe five seconds to decide we were going back to Rotisseur, like, as soon as possible. 
We showed up the next day and another employee recognized us. "You're back!" Duh, how could we not. We both ordered a 1/4 chicken meal (which comes with two sides), and we both got dark meat. The sides were roasted potatoes, succotash, kale chips, and mac and cheese. The sides were all very good, but I think the potatoes were my favorite. The meat was very tender and juicy! 
Oh, and it's BYO. Looove.Was exploring center city for a day while visiting upenn, and this place fit the bill for convenient, fast, high quality, service, and price. I just tried the chicken banh mi, but it was delicious. I have a substantial appetite, and I found the sandwich alone to be perfect in size, and portions of moist chicken were generous. I was originally going to get brunch at a nearby spot, Day By Day, but it was so crowded moved on searching--and I'm glad I did!While the rotisserie chicken is superb, have the Bahn Mi sandwich for lunch.  Hands down the best sandwich in the city.I've been here several times and rate this place a solid four stars. I like their rotisserie chicken and slow roasted pork sandwiches, so today I decided to try something new. After reading all of the so-so reviews of the tofu banh mi sandwich, I had to try it for myself. Complaints of the tofu lacking flavor have been addressed. The brick of tofu in my sandwich was definitely soaked in a nice marinade of soy and rice vinegar and sprinkled with plain and blackened sesame seeds. The pickled red cabbage, cucumber, carrots, jalapeno, cilantro, lime, and spicy mayo add a nice sour and spicy flavor to the experience. I found myself wanting more, possibly another sandwich, after I finished mine. The sandwich is on the smaller side so it's probably a good idea to get a side. Go for the sweet potatoes. Pure yumminess. The baby corn muffins are also good. A meal here can get pricey, but the food is very high quality.Great place to pick up lunch or when you just don't have time to make dinner. The chicken is very juicy, tender, & flavorful and the sweet potato mash as a side is yummy. You can get single serve or a whole chicken. The staff is very friendly & nice.Very impressed! Nor sure why this place was not on my radar - anyway got the chicken banh mi and a 1/2 chicken to go for dinner. The banh mi was probably the best I've had so far in Phila. Great unique flavors, better than normal roll and served from very pleasant staff. Nice job!Fantastic food: moist and flavorful chicken with appetizing sides.I love roasted chicken. Apparently this dish is not easy to find than you think so I was happy to find this place. Got half roasted chicken with roast beet and feta.
Chicken was pretty but not enough meat for me. I got hungry after finished my meal. Maybe they cooked really small chicken that day.. I just don't want to get hungry after finishing half of chicken myself.1/4 chicken w/ 2 sides for abt $7 and i was curious and hungry so i walked in.   i got mac & cheese and the succotash.  mac and cheese was kind of dry and not that great.  i enjoyed the succotash though!!!
and the chicken - its focus...really lacked flavor!  i've had way better, moist, tasty chicken at peruvian chicken joints in Virginia, and even boston market is tastier actually.  
I did get 4 free corn muffins though for checking in on four square....THOSE were tasty!
my suggestion - work on the chicken.  marinate it or something.  add more flavor.We ordered delivery and it took an hour and a half (45 mins was originally quoted). When it finally arrived, half of our order was missing. The bbq chicken sandwich was soggy and tasted only of vinegar to the point of being inedible. Two stars because we called to complain and promptly got a full refund. But we got what we paid for because it wasn't edible in the first place!This is a hipster Boston Market which is a compliment. Prices are affordable and healthy options are available for those looking for them. Overall a friendly, quick, and delicious experience. Extra mustache.I order via Eat24 here a lot, and w/ the weekly coupon that Eat24 has, it's incredibly convenient/a little cheaper to place an order online and select the takeout option (since I live so close). My go-to whenever I feel like having a relatively healthy dinner but not feeling like cooking. The beets & feta and cornbread muffins are fantastic (probably some of the best cornbread I've had), and the chicken is always tender and flavorful. I had the bahn mi before too and it was pretty good, but I prefer the straight up cuts of rotisserie chicken (leg & thigh). A bit pricey for what you get though.Delicious chicken and sides. Great place to grab lunch. Staff is very friendly.I'm such a fan of this wonderful little spot. The chicken is outrageous - juicy, full flavored, and with the most delicious crispy skin. They are also local and free roaming, which is important to me. 
The interior is bright and welcoming, and the owner is friendly. I recently tried the bahn mi and, like so many other reviewers, really enjoyed Rotisseur's take on one of my favorite sandwiches.
Oh, and the salty kale chips are pretty good too!Try their banh mi (or rather their unique twist on the Vietnamese sandwich that's not really a Vietnamese sandwich and costs twice as much...it is free range and all that jazz after all). The chicken is so juicy and tasty. Don't skip the crispy skin, that's the best part!I didn't care for the rotisserie chicken at all. I've had better from Acme. It was bland, dry, and the skin was rubbery. The beet salad that I chose for a side was decent. The salad I ordered never arrived. The delivery guy advised me to call the restaurant, but the place was closed when I called. For a $20 meal, it fell quite a bit short for me and wasn't filling. Thanks for the photo below. Now I know what the salad might've looked like.The chicken banh mi was amazing. I went during lunch hour for takeout. The line was pretty long, and we had to wait a little bit for our food. It was worth it, though. They forgot to put jalapenos on my banh mi, but were quick to add them when I mentioned it. They were out of kale chips, which was a disappointment because I've heard good things about them. My friend got a chicken caesar salad, which looked so good because of the fresh, moist rotisserie chicken on top. The chicken in the banh mi was super tender too, and the crispy chicken skin added a perfect crunch. I loved the togarashi dressing. Definitely drench the sandwich in sriracha for the extra spice!
Can't wait to go back and try the mac and cheese/kale chips/chicken caesar. And of course have the banh mi again! They really make amazing chicken here.After walking by this place every day on my way home from work, I finally decided to stop by for lunch. The menu looked promising and I was excited to try their run at a bahn mi sandwich. 
Well.. it was a valiant effort but the sandwich costs $7.50 and was quite small. I realize we are paying for location here but you can get a much larger, much tastier bahn mi in south Philly for $3.00. 
I got their mac and cheese as a side based on everyone's glowing review of it. For $3.50 I got a couple of spoonfuls of dried out pasta. 
Maybe I hit them at a bad time, they use fresh ingredients, but the prices and portions were out of whack. If you are craving a bahn mi, I suggest heading down to Washington Street and getting the authentic version.I ordered the chicken Banh Mi and a side of pickled vegetables. For some reason, the vegetables have a sour taste. The bread was good, but the chicken was pretty bland. I am used to the Asian/Vietnamese taste in a Banh Mi, so this place isn't for me. 
Overall, I would come back to try the whole chicken but the Chicken Banh Mi didn't suite my taste buds.My gall pal Meredith B is the known as the "Banh Mi Queen" at Rotisseur so naturally this has been on my list of places to try. Thankfully I found myself in the neighborhood on a hot day at lunch time and went for it...I was not disappointed. 
I got the Chicken Banh Mi and the chicken was well done. It was tasty and well cooked but I'd like to come back and try a chicken leg and thigh combo some time before judging it too much. What made the sandwich awesome for me was the perfectly cool and crunchy pickled cabbage. It added the perfect texture and bite to the sandwich that made me love it. 
My only complaint was that I wished the crispy skin was crispier. I love myself some crispy skin and it just wasn't what I was expected. 
That being said, I still totally enjoyed the sandwich and absolutely plan to come back. Thanks for the recommendation, Banh Mi Queen!I love chicken, always have. Even during the 90s aka the golden age of pizza slices I stayed firm in my commitment to chicken. Then about three years ago I began researching the source of conventional chicken and the affects of hormone and antibiotic treatment. The deeper I dug the worse it got. I felt like JLC (Jamie Lee Curtis) in True Lies, everything I thought I knew and loved had been a dirty violent sham. 
Since becoming neurotic about my chicken it's been very difficult to stop somewhere and get some clean healthy chicken to eat on the run. I read about Rotisseur when they first opened and I saw that they use Pennsylvania chickens but I couldn't find if they were cage free and untreated. 
Today I forgot my lunch and there was only one thing I wanted and you know I ain't talkin' about falafel. I figured I'd look at Pure Fare and maybe Honeygrow, but in the back of my mind I was thinking man I wish Rotisseur was good to go. Decided to pull up the menu and bam, all natural, antibiotic, cage, and hormone free Amish chicken. It was the answer to my prayers (and clearly printed on the menu).
Cruised on over, ordered a half chicken, it was ready in like five if that. Got some cups of hot sauce and was back at my desk, 15 minutes round trip. I usually salt the ish out of my chicken but this was brined to perfection and oozed natural flavored goodness. No salt needed and I only used about a quarter of the hot sauce. The sides look phenomenal as well but I was really just testing the waters today but there is no doubt I'll be back soon.I had a leg and thigh and a large Caesar salad. The chicken was nicely seasoned and properly cooked with the exception of the rubbery skin. The Caesar salad was not a Caesar. It was mixed greens (not a hint of romaine) with tomatoes and cucumbers and some pre packaged croutons. The dressing was atrocious. I'm almost positive it was a bottled product. It was incredibly over salted. I could not finish it. Please make your own Caesar dressing and TASTE IT!I love this place, the food, the owner and the  casual and friendly atmosphere. Their menu combines many of my favorite things - rotisserie chicken, kimchi, the most delicious mac n cheese, and pickled veggies. I always try out a different hot sauce ( their house sauce is in my top 3). Oh, and in their chicken bahn mi there's a hidden surprise of fried chicken skin and it will amaze your tastebuds.  And on top of all this, I really appreciate that the menu on the wall is artfully hand painted, things like this allow their quality to shine.What a great place. The staff and owner have always been super friendly, and the food is about as good as it gets. Not only is the rotisserie chicken delicious, but the chicken bahn mi is great too. In addition, there is a constant rotation of creative, wholesome sides. If you are craving a home cooked comfort food type of meal, I can't recommend this place enough.Sucked, chicken bahn mi is just hype its bland with a slightly off flavor. Never again. And the vinaigrette salad they describe as being "not your mom's" was so plain- who's mother are they referring to bc im pretty sure any idiot with lettuce, one cherry  tomato and a bit of feta could make this bc that's the only ingredients....
I had to change this from 1 to 3 stars because late at night I had the other half of my sandwich and learned THATs where all the flavor was... Why? Who knows but that half was tasty!I crave the chicken banh mi from Rotisseur on a biweekly basis. The feeling slowly creeps up on me until suddenly it has a hold on my stomach and the thought of eating anything thing else is food torture...until...at last, I reach my delicious sandwich. The chicken is moist and they add a layer of crispy skin from the long, slow cook. Pickled cabbage and fresh cilantro really tie the whole thing together. Make sure to add a healthy squirt of sriracha if you are a spice freak.
The sides are made on a daily basis. The best side I've come across are the curry garbanzo beans. So. Good.
Love rotisseur but don't let your cravings take a hold of your life, body, and mind on a Sunday. They are not open as I was shocked to find out. I withered and died for a day until Monday came.Rotisseur is like the really great guy you want to be in love with, but know in your heart there is just something missing.  I went today with the really great guy I am actually in love with and we had a very nice meal, but it fell short of the wonderfulness I had promised him.  We split the chicken banh mi and it was excellent, as always.   The ingredients are super fresh and the roll is the perfect balance of crunchy crust/soft interior.  They also strike the right notes of heat, sour and salty I look for in a Vietnamese sandwich.  We divvied up a half chicken with sides of macaroni and cheese and succotash.  The chicken was moist, but could have been more tender, especially the leg/thigh.  The skin had some nice crispy bits, but was mostly flabby, not an attractive quality in a chicken.   The mac and cheese was a little gluey, but still pretty good as mac and cheese goes.  The succotash was my favorite part of the meal...tender crisp corn kernels obviously just sliced from the cob, big slices of zucchini and plump lima beans.  My southern grandmother would have been impressed!  They have a great selection of Mexican sodas and a variety of hot sauces to spice up your life. The staff is good natured and work hard to get everyone fed quickly.  The owner was manning the register and was very friendly, his mood certainly buoyed by the lunchtime line stretching out his front door!  All in all, a great concept and really good food.  I'd love to give them five stars, but if your main attraction is rotisserie chicken, I want it to be exceptionally good!  Next time I'm going for the duck confit banh mi.  Because yes, despite the quibbles, there will definitely be a next time.So, I spend about $25.00 a week here.  Love the food.  But today, I asked for extra dressing for my salad and they wanted to charge a 'regular' customer $.50 for extra and this was after we had finished our meal ready to eat the salad.  Seriously?  It's not like I won't come here anymore, because I will but that's not how you treat your regular customers.  I give this rating for today and today only.  I will continue to give this rating and review until they stop charging for extra dressing.  I could see if I asked for 3 but I only asked for one.  Not cool guys!  Not cool.  My name is Daniel!I had an amazing experience here. I ordered the bo ssam banh mi and it was pretty delicious. The pork was juicy and tender and the toppings were done very well and it has a nice kick to it. My girlfriend is a vegetarian and ordered the tofu banh mi. She did not realize that it had jalapenos on it and they were really nice and understanding about it and made her a new one. She said that the tofu was very well seasoned. The roasted potatoes on the side were also delicious. The food looks and feels homemade.I tried Rotisseur for the first time on 6/26...and it was just in the nick of time, since it closed on 6/29. I'm glad I got try the Chicken Banh Mi (good bread, chicken, and veggies) and hope that the sandwich will resurface elsewhere.Pros: The chicken is nicely done (juicy and tender) and the sides seem fresh and healthy (I liked the red beets with feta, kale chips, and collard greens). 
Con: The chicken is very small, slightly bigger than a cornish hen. If you are hungry, I would suggest ordering half or a whole chicken, it won't be too much.The chicken is delicious! However, there could be more side choices. It astounds me in the Center City neighborhood with so many vegetarians around that this place doesn't offer a healthy vegetable side dish. I would expect a place like this would offer steamed broccoli or steamed vegetables as one of the side dishes. I also love the potatoes, but guys come on we need more vegetables!I ordered Rotisseur via GrubHub and the food came over an hour past the stated delivery time. Worse - I called five minutes after the original delivery time and was told that the delivery was on the way. When I called again, 45 minutes later, no one answered the phone. I called GrubHub to complain, and they offered to call the store. In the intervening time, the food did arrive. GrubHub reached the store and said that they would send the delivery person back out to pick up the food, and then they'd give me a refund. 
In short - they delivered an hour late, lied about when the order was sent out and did nothing to make up for that. 
Never, ever ordering from Rotisseur again.Roisseur's chicken is one of the juiciest chicken's I have ever had. Not sure their secret but even getting it delivery leaves it warm, tender, skin crispy and the white and dark meat bursting with flavor. The best part about the delivery option is I feel I can get a complete meal for a reasonable prices (protein, starch, veggie...and maybe bread pudding :)). 
I get the delivery for dinner often, but if you really want to experience Rotisseur get in there for lunch and get their Banh Mi (w/ jalapenos). One of the best sandwiches in Philly in my opinion; I would describe it better but I don't even know whats on it besides chicken, some purple sauce that tastes amazing, crispy rotiss skin, pickled onions, cilantro, and something something, something something. You get my drift, don't think about it, eat it!
 You can also get one side for a total of about $9. The sides differ everyday but I am a fan of the mac-n-cheese, roasted potatoes, grills zucchini, and pickled vegetables. I was not crazy about the kale chips, corn muffins, or soup but they weren't bad. 
There isn't a plethora of seating so don't try to go with a big group but if you are doing a lunch date with an old friend, this might be your place. My one warning about lunch is that if you order a Banh Mi it can take a long time and they can get a bit disorganized. So many people order these sandwiches and I don't know their secret, but it takes  along time to make them. They have gotten better over time just make sure you keep an eye open to see when your food is ready because I have seen food go to the wrong people before.I'm guessing I should've ordered the regular chicken, but I have a hard time turning down a Banh Mi ($7.50). Especially when hungover.
The sandwich was good - nothing like what I got used to in SF, but solid for Philadelphia. I'd give it 3 stars. I added a side of mac & cheese ($2.50 w/sandwich purchase, which seemed a little overpriced for the portion size), and while the taste was great the pasta itself was cold. 4 stars for taste, 2 stars for temp.
Will absolutely return if I'm nearby, and will make sure to try their famous chicken next time.Really nice little place. We had chicken banh mi's which were really interesting and tasty- not what you'd get from a standard Vietnamese restaurant or corner store, but more like bougie banh mi. Definitely worth a taste, will be going back!I don't really understand how this place is rated so highly.  It's not bad, but it's not great either.  I ordered the chicken bahn mi, and it was closer to a chicken salad sandwich than a bahn mi.  Again, not bad, but nothing special.  I'd maybe eat here again if I was interested in a decent sandwich fairly quickly, but I won't go out of my way.Great chicken bahn mi sandwich loaded with a variety of pickled vegetables and fresh roasted chicken. I also enjoyed their selection of Indonesian hot sauces!Solid!  A great new choice for lunch ($7 for dark, $8 for white 1/4 with 2 sides).
My BFF and I got a 1/2 chicken and 2 sides for $11.50 - 2 sides were plenty for us to share.  We chose the cornbread mini-muffins (so good) and mac 'n cheese (my friend loved it, I wasn't wowed.)
Meanwhile the chicken is the star of the show.  Not too salty, yet nicely seasoned and perfected rotisseried.
It was very warm in there - even with the A/C running.  (All those rotisseries)/
Decent service, too.Delicious, moist, flavorful chicken. Wonderfully tasty sides to complement the chicken. Quick and friendly service. And incredibly inexpensive (I'm reticent to say that, 'cause it might inspire them to raise their prices). If I had purchased a similar meal in a restaurant, i would expect the bill to come to about thirty bucks minimum. For that takeout meal from Rotisseur which I enjoyed at home, I paid about a dozen bucks. Truly a bargain for an outstanding meal.I go here way too often, and that chicken bahn mi is way too good, to not put this place at five stars.  To me, my favorite sandwich in all of Philadelphia.  Something you could eat every day and never get tired of.Absolutely delicious!! Yes, a tad expensive, but you get a lot of very fresh, very tasty food for your money. Very impressed !I enjoyed a very delicious chicken dinner here with my husband. The chicken was moist, tender with a nice crispy skin. For sides we had the roast potatoes, mac n cheese, cornbread, and pickled vegetables. The only downer were the pickled veggies which were too bitter. Which was a shame since they have few vegetable side options. 
Would definitely get a chicken to go and pair it with some healthier sides at home.You don't know chicken 'til you've had some from Rotisseur. No, seriously. You may think chicken is chicken is chicken, but few people know how to cook this bird to bring out the true flavor AND keep it juicy and tender. Here, meat falls off the bone and releases its flavorful juices in a way I have never been able to replicate - good for Rotisseur since it means I'll keep coming back! And the deals that you can get here are just as good! So cheap, and the sides are tasty too so you can bring home an entire family meal for as much as you would pay for just the chicken anywhere else. But beware if going in the late afternoon or evening - one time we got the LAST chicken they had. Takeout is popular, so order ahead - and hey, they even deliver!Even though the banh mi wasn't as flavorful as the ones you get from other Vietnamese cafes, it was a solid sandwich with really good, fresh ingredients. Loved the bits of crispy chicken skin! 
On another day, I went back and had the miso ginger salad with chicken. The salad was also really fresh and delicious. Rotisseur is definitely one of the best lunch options in this area.I didn't quite get what all the fuss was about.  While the atmosphere has a decent independent vibe, but the service, friendliness, and chicken was simply standard.  A number of their sides were not ready, they offered no tap water, and the chicken was mostly tasteless.  They did offer a number of unique sauces and a true salt/pepper grinder.  I wasn't a fan of the sweet mashed potato, it was a bit too sweet, but their potato wedges were good.Had the chicken banh mi....Chicken was really good. Though, the sandwich is tiny for $8.10 after tax. Too much of the red cabbage...barely taste the banh mi sauce.i have gotten near-raw chicken every time i've ordered from here.  the first time i put it in the oven for awhile and it came out pretty good.  the second time, i had them remake the order.  the third time, i gave up- for the price point, this place is just not worth it. a chicken place who can't cook a piece of chicken through?
i've also had the chicken banh mi, which boasts chicken skin as an ingredient, but it was surprisingly gross- the chicken skin was like rubber.
the sides are also insanely expensive for the amount you get- the beets and feta are a high point, but the macaroni and cheese is gross and suspiciously tangy.Dry takeout chicken
Was rather disappointing
I want succulence.It was over priced for chicken.  It is byob, but the chicken was okay.  Boston market chicken is much betterI am obsessed with the ginger miso salad. Don't get me wrong the chicken is great, but geez this salad is freaking awesome. The dressing is tangy and the salad is simple but just right. I am hooked.Thanks, fellow yelp-ers for a yummy recommendation!  Sure, they don't have a massive menu, but I always prefer places that do a few things, and do them really well.  I had the basic bahn mi (no jalapenos) and the kale chips for a quick, hot-weather dinner.  Chicken was very tender & moist, the pickled cabbage was a nice contrast, and the spicy mayo had just the right amount of zing for me. It hit the spot.  If I lived in the area, I would definitely be back (hmm, and it might even have to be considered as my airplane food...I'd have the other passengers only a *little* bit jealous...)I finally checked this place out yesterday for lunch. I had half a chicken w mac&cheese and pickled veggies. My companions had same but different sides, they had corn muffins, kale chips,and succotash. The food is good but nothing really stuck out as being VERY good.  Good for takeout but not for eating in, service is rather slow.Their kale soup is saltier than I prefer, but after adding water to it, it is really good. Especially on the cold winter days as of late.Rotisseur does chicken and they do it well.  I've walked and driven by  countless times and finally made it in.  I got to the try the chicken banh mi sandwich and the mac and cheese side.  Both were very tasty.  
The staff are friendly and the prices are very affordable.  I look forward to getting back here again and trying other things on the menu.Great, relatively affordable, healthy choice for lunch or dinner. The chicken is great, and the sides generally good and healthy, although I love the Mac and cheese. The beet and feta salad, broccoli and cauliflower and the corn muffins are also great. Love the succotash, when it's available. The place itself is a bit of a hole in the wall, so we often get takeout or delivery.Actively mediocre in terms of both food and less than mediocre in terms of service. 
Banh mi was ok, but cold. My side of mashed potatoes were limp and cold.
Wait was not ok. There were four people working, no people in line, and my banh mi took twenty minutes to make despite also being cold. I think it would've been faster if they cooked raw chicken instead of attempting to heat old food.This is a great lunch spot. They serve REAL food and it's delicious. They have a great variety of side dishes and the chicken falls off the bone. You don't get a huge portion, but they also don't use chicken that are pumped full of antibiotics. I will pay for quality over quantity any day of the week.!! I've found a great little dinner takeout spot! (Though they do have some cafe like seating). Think something like Boston Market but better!
Their quarter chicken (leg and thigh) was juicy, flavorful and super decently priced at around $4 or $5, and for $10, you can make it a meal with 2 sides of your choice. I chose the macaroni and cheese (which they recommended) as well as the mushroom soup. The soup was really great, but I was too full to finish the macaroni. It's ok cheesy, and topped with some large breadcrumbs, which I'm not sure I like. (It must be old baguette from their bahn mi - that's what I keep thinking in my head).
Speaking of which, they sell bahn mi (Vietnamese sandwich)! It's $7, so definitely on the pricier side for these, but hey, it's center city, so some price premium can be expected right? I've yet to try it, but it's on my to try list. They have a whole bunch of sauces that I think are for the bahn mi, but I grabbed some for my chicken. There's one that is super spicy (I opted out of that one) and then one that was called the love child, which I tried. It's still spicy, but mostly a raw garlic kind of spicy kick, and flavor. Not bad.This place is very tasty. The chicken is super moist and the skin was crispy and delicious. The Mac and cheese was delicious and the kale chips were very flavorful. The guys working there were very nice and knowledgable about recommending things AND gave me a cup of water that was actually a bowl since they didn't have cups but worked out great because I drink a ton of water.Hahn mi and BBQ chicken are great. The Mac and cheese and kimchi are great sides. The sauces are good and I really like the house hot sauce. They deliver which is awesome.I just ordered take out and I was pleasantly surprised. Everything is seasoned so well. The chicken is juicy, tender and falls off the bone. Everything you want from a white meat rotisserie. The side of Mac n cheese and salad were also very good. 
The only reason it's not 5 stars is because I want more.Thank you Rotisseur for delicious $3 vegetarian sides!
If I want to be "bad" and indulge in mac & cheese, Rotisseur is my new hideout.  A  small is more than enough for one sitting & boy is it heavy - mini penne & hearty breadcrumbs in a creamy, mildly sharp sauce.  It's more like homemade baked mac & cheese than the soupy velveeta-style texture I've had elsewhere.  
To pretend I didn't go solely for a cup of fatty cheesy goodness I'll pick up a half chicken for my guy.  For less than $15 we can both satisfy our comfort food craving.Had the quarter chicken (breast and wing) with 2 sides (mac and cheese and roasted potatoes). The chicken had good flavor, and was moist, and not dried out, like white meat rotisserie chicken can often be. The  mac and cheese and roasted potatoes were dry and flavorless, and completely unmemorable. While it was an okay meal, the $12 cost can't be justified, and thus I won't be eating here again. You're better off buying a whole rotisserie chicken for $4 at Wegman's.All the great review took me here and I was super disappointed. Came around lunchtime and the place could barely handle a line of 5 people. SLOW service. The two people working seemed scattered and confused.
The chicken bahn mi that everyone raves about was nothing amazing. Sure a mixture of chicken, pickled cabbage, jalapeno, and chicken skin on a white bread was decent, but nothing amazing. The chicken is just cold pre-made chicken they rolled out of a bag. You could see the cold fat that became gelatinous, which is no appealing. Bread was sub-par.
The chicken thigh and leg was quite small, though juicy. Skin needed to be cooked a bit longer. Mac and cheese was unmemorable, except for the dumb soggy crouton looking things on top. Beets with feta cheese on top was good, but that's hard to mess up.
Overall, service was eh, food was eh, and I would not return.STILL loving this place. I have no idea what Allison H. is talking about when she says the tofu banh mi is blah. I beg to differ, sister. I'm no veg-head (anymore) but a few times a week I go meatless. This is the perfect veggie sandwich. The marinated tofu is tangy, has a lovely roasted flavor, and is NOT over-salted...the togarashi is a heavenly, tangy sauce, and the pickled cabbage, dear lord..as fresh and crunchy as anything purple and pickled can get. I ask for extra jalepenos because there's never a time where you can have too many, I believe. I also always swear I'm only going to eat half the banh mi, and save the rest for later. Yeah, that never works...