This place was sort of a staple when I lived right next door, but there are many better pizza places in the immediate area. The pizza is similar to a pan pizza at Pizza Hut, nice and greezy. There was some bogus sign in there once that said something about their steaks winning some competition. If there is any truth to that, they must have been the only one in the contest, because they're steaks are mediocre at best. Overall, everything I ever had here was greasy and not very appetizing. but, when you're in college and need some food, Royals is where you go. You can't sit down and eat here, so there really isn't much appeal here.I ordered a chicken gyro platter and a side of jalapeño poppers. It was my first time ordering anything from this joint. I ordered online from Yelp. The order confirmation said it would take 45-60 minutes for delivery even though I live 6 blocks down the road. Thirty minutes after placing my order the restaurant called and told me they had messed up and just received my order. They were not polite or apologetic. I still agreed to get it. Another 45 minutes later the food arrives. The gyro was nothing special, especially because there was no real chicken chunks in there just strips of frozen I don't even know what. The fries had burnt into the styrofoam container and were unsalted and cold. The poppers were average at best. 
Probably going to try this place one more time, different items and if it doesn't improve then it will surely lose my business.all the food sucks but the Cheesesteak. The Cheesesteak is the only reason why this place is open just as good as Pats caliber if not better.  In my top 5.one of my friend's lives right around the corner and orders from here all the time...prob a little too often, according to her. she says that they've always been super nice and accommodating.
she brought a pizza and some wings to a party one night and i thought both were pretty delicious...better than the other pizza joints that i've ordered from in the neighborhood. the only thing is, i haven't been able to order from here because their menu isn't available online and i don't have a physical menu :/Tiny family-run business on the border of Penn and USP. Awesome cheesesteak. Other stuff is good,  but the cheesesteak is as good as you'll get in University City.Went here really late night last weekend and talked to the manager for a bit while our pizza was getting finished.  The inside could certainly use some updating, but the pizza was great!  They've been in the nieghborhood for about 30 years and have seen quite a bit of change between then and now.  Good pizza, good people.Two stars because once, when I was there, I saw a gigantic roach on the floor. (I still eat there. I am lying to myself that it just came in through the open door.)
I literally live across the street from Royal Pizza, which makes it very easy to justify dropping in. It is cheap, the food is decent, and they are really fast (calling for a personal pizza will have it ready in under 10 minutes, depending on how busy it is). The same personal pizza, probably enough for two meals, is under $5. In fact, I don't think I've ever spent more than $10. There is no seating so it's only good for takeout... not that you'd really want to eat in there. It's always a billion degrees and you can smell it 100 feet away!
The food is nothing remarkable. I like the buffalo chicken cheesesteak although it is not great as far as those go--it just tastes like hotsauce and is light on the cheese. The pizza is more of the crispy, buttery crust that you sometimes find in this city...not bad but not always what you want for a pizza. It's very greasy, so it's satisfying late at night, but you feel a little ill afterwards. My favorite thing to order is the chicken souvlaki, however, which you wouldn't think to find at such a pizza place. But the pita is warm and lovely and salty, the meat is well seasoned, and their tzatziki offers a nice, cool counterpart.
Every tim I go in there, though, I picture that bug. :(I went here specifically for a cheesesteak because I had been craving one for weeks...that cheesesteak was literally one of the best I've ever had. Amazing! Not to mention the fries were on point. Great customer service. This is def my go-to neighborhood spot for cheesesteaks now.Quick delivery. Dough was undercooked, and thick (OK this may just be the style of pizza). Cheese was low quality. If you want thin and crispy, go elsewhere. Chicken fingers were fine, but if you mess those up then something is seriously wrong.My favorite pizza place in the area. Yes, the food is really greasy, but you don't eat at a pizzeria for your health. It's a guilty pleasure. The owners are super nice and they joke around with me all the time. Great service!
Try their Delta Chi special. It's one of my favorites!I came in to pick up a package (they serve as a drop off location for UPS) and while I was waiting for them to help me, I witnessed an employee prepare what looked like mega fries with NO GLOVES, BARE HANDS!!! Then I saw a different employee handle what looked like a grinder/cheesesteak with NO GLOVES, BARE HANDS!!! Neither of them washed their hands. The first employee came from behind the counter, handles money and serviced me and then went back to handling food WITHOUT WASHING HIS HANDS AND WITH NO GLOVES!!! Disgusting!!!!!Being a vegetarian, there isn't much I can order from most restaurants, but I must say the Grilled Vegetable Hoagie was amazing. The veggies were grilled just right, the sauce was perfect, and it was filling. I would definitely order more veg items from here.Threw half my roasted veggie hoagie and chef salad away. The egg that was included was rotten. Literally had a grey color yolk of boiled egg on top
Of the salad. My own fault I guess for ordering a hoagie and a salad from a pizza joint. But NEVER again.This is a very solid old school pizza joint where you can get good greasy and deep fried food. The pizza is a sort of heavier deeper-style pizza, but very good. 
Excellent stromboli. 
There hoagies and sandwiches are solid. 
Their motha F'in cheesesteaks compete with any of the top cheesesteak places. 
I've never been disapointed with an order here besides the regret of getting something so blatantly unhealthy HA!
The staff are nice and have character, clearly they are a long time local family establishment. 
Happy to have this a block away.I ordered a chicken cheese steak stromboli and received a buffalo chicken cheese steak stromboli.  I called to inform them of the wrong item and was chastised by the girl on the phone that called me a liar and kept me on hold for 5 minutes after I requested a manager.  I will NEVER eat here again and neither should you.Great cheesesteak! I've been craving one and after ordering from Pete's on Woodland ave I was just about to give up and not get one. I looked at the reviews and all the reviews were good. I can honestly see why! Awesome service, great delivery guy, and very good food. Will be ordering from again.For cheap hangover food with a average portion sizes and really tasty mega fries, this is your place. I've never tried the pizza, but the sandwiches, hoagies, steaks, and appetizers are all wonderful. 
The place itself is walk in and pick up only, and the wait times are a bit long, but just schedule to try it when you aren't immediately super hungry or need food quickly. Sometimes they're on top of the orders, but only one cook is in the back at once usually, so high volume nights may be longer. 
Milk shakes are better than most pizza joints in the area, and I really can't stress enough how good of a deal the mega fries are! If you look at the prices around the area compared to the amount you actually get, these are always bigger and have more cheese and toppings. Split a corned beef sandwich and some fries with a friend and was happy.Order was almost 1 hr past scheduled delivery time. Pizza and fries were cold.  The delivery driver had a VERY hard time finding location and called me- Not once, but TWICE she hung up on me. When I called the shop, the manager told me "we did you a favor". Seriously?? The 2nd manager- Jessenia- attempted to explain what he meant by they did a favor by delivering outside of the 2 mile radius. I explained that no where on the order did it reject the address. Shop could have informed me when I called to check on the order after I had arrived on time or anytime between ordering and delivery. I would have happily ordered from another spot to get hot pizza in a timely manner.  Is this how this place treats PAYING CUSTOMERS??? I am extremely frustrated and disappointed. Never EVER again.... Thanks Grub Hub for caring for the customer!I hate to give it two stars because I dig the owner, but the food is not great (although I really like the buffalo chicken cheesesteak) and if you walk in there, you are going to smell like deep-fried food for days.... still, it's a good local spot that is worth ordering from (once in awhile) if you live in the area.Really enjoyed the pizza, wings, and cheesesteak! Great price as well - will order from here many more times!
Delivery does not take credit card - so make sure you have cash on hand!I just finished a great take out meal of pizza and cheesesteaks. I called their number. 215-222-1900. The large cheesesteak is really large and tasty. I order w fried onion, provolone and mushrooms. Gus and Maria have been there for about 30 years. Maybe more. His sauce is amazing. I love it on my steak and a little extra to dip my crust in. Call then and it will be ready in 15 for pick up. They also have delivery. University City has some new pizzerias but this one is my favorite.I love this place. We live around the corner and it's our go-to. Their pizza isn't your typical philly style, but it's wonderful! And their wings, oh man. Always friendly faces when we go to pick up as well.Pretty good pizza, one of the best I've found in west philly. Nice family environment and are rather helpful. Also services USPS for people interested.really good homemade pizza, and super nice people. I called when they were closed, and the laddy still got my order in and personally waited for me to pick up my pizza. Excellent service!First time visit
Friendly, warm greeting
Limited street parking
Sells PA lottery tooA great place to go for cheap and fast food. It has existed for many years. The location is pretty good and easily accessible. Not the nicest looking joint, but will give you decent fried foods. 
  There is a package service and place to buy lotto tickets here, so it has multiple functions. 
If you are looking for greasy cheap food, this is tour spot. After parties or a quick bite to eat. This place is consistent and pretty good. 
 Mega fries are always good, but you can also order wings, pizza, and a number of other good options. Very affordable and a go to for food if you live in the area.I love these guys so much! They're so kind, the pizza is delicious, and they always deliver much faster than their estimate. 
Also, every time I order I ask for a drawing on the box for my 3 year old son and they always do it! I think I end up being even more delighted by it than my son haha
They're so awesome. This is definitely my family's go to pizzeria. 
Thank you for being so wonderful!!Best cheesesteak in all of Philadelphia?  No, but in West Philly, hands down! 
Everything on the menu is pretty solid, with the exception of their fries.  They are kind of crappy.
Before the days of man vs food, I accepted a friend's challenge which was worthy of Richman gluttony.  An 18 inch cheesteak with a side of mozzarella sticks.  Why?  Because when it comes to greasy comfort food, this is probably the best they have to offer.  Just good a, greasy cheesesteak with all the important items checked - fresh rolls, tasty meat, cheese and sauce.  
The mozzarella sticks are made just right too.  Not over cooked and the cheese just oozes out.  The chicken cheesesteaks are on par with tops in the city.  The hoagies are alright, though I would head for Wawa for a better one.  For a heartier meal, do the chicken parm.It was better than I thought it was going to be. It was late on a Sunday and they came in a fast 25 minutes. The mozzarella sticks were still hot and my large Cobb salad was great. I would definitely order again !I've been eating from royals for about 10 years now the only thing I ever eat is the buffalo wings and mega fries but I tried a cheesesteak this week and I must say it was soooooooo delicious! I ended up there again getting 2 in one week! The food is great the people that own it are super friendly and the prices are great! I can't tell u the last time I paid $6 for a cheesesteak without it being from a corner store! I'm more than satisfied!!!Despite the exterior, this place is solid! I usually get the plain small with olives. Pizza is made to order.This place is amazing and convenient for all your late night cravings. The best part it's nearby and open late. Although Sunday's they don't open until like 4pm.
There is no seating so it's the kinda thing you have delivered or you pick up and save yourself the judgement. 
The wings and Pizza are so good. Yumm I love their special pizza. They have good specials so sometimes that drives the order. I've also have tried yummy tasty and cheese steak hoagies and they are huge! My boyfriend and I usually have to split one.  
Above all the best part of this place is their staff. Always good to support small family businesses. The couple is usually hilarious despite how busy they must be. I always pick up my order and come home with a great story about some conversation going on there.I just moved into the area a little over two weeks ago. My first experience with Royal Pizza was picking up a package dropped off by UPS- very easy process, just remember to bring your ID and tracking number. While I was picking up I grabbed a menu for my fridge.
Today I decided to order lunch from here. I got a "small" mushroom steak, fries and wings. Let's start with the steak. My lord. For a "small" steak, it was nearly two feet long. I watched the woman behind the counter put it into my bag and I considered telling her it must be wrong. I don't know whose rolls they use but the bread on these steaks is phenomenal. The best part is it only cost 6 dollars. The fries. I got em curly. No complaints, well seasoned and crunchy. Wings. A little soggy, but I got em buffalo style, which is a wet sauce, so understandable. Also, it was 5 full (2 joints) wings for only 7 dollars. They had a lot of meat on them too.
I have already recommended this place to my friends. The prices are amazing and the portions are out of control, I have enough leftover to eat for tomorrow too. I will be here again and again if my waistline can forgive me.Great pizza and wings! We live close and love being able to walk and pick up our orders (which is pretty often). I like my pizza a little crispy so I order it well done- still soft but the cheesy gets a nice golden hue. Not your typical New York style, slices are a little bit smaller but it's way less greasy. The wings are fried not battered and there's plenty of sauce. Got their curly fries a couple times too and they were great. Workers are always fast and friendly.Got the fries with cheese on top and a classic pepperoni pizza. The fries were extremely greasy, but I guess it'd be a good hangover food. The pizza was just average.I placed an order via Grubhub tonight. I ordered two cheese steaks. One chicken and the other beef. When the food arrived, I discovered that there was only one sandwich labeled, which appeared to be chicken. It turned out to be beef. I cannot eat beef. I called the restaurant to let the owner know the situation. She went from 0-100 in less than 5 secs. She did not want to listen to a word I had to say. Her demeanor was rude and unacceptable. Also, she did not offer any solutions, and stated, "I didn't really want to make the chicken cheesesteak anyway." It's sad she doesn't realize that making sure your customers are satisfied will ensure that they'll return to order again. This is my 1st and last time ordering. You lost a few customersMy first time here so honesty is a must for me to provide. Ordered two things which was a Cheesesteak Stromboli and Royal mega curly fries. Both looked and smelled delicious and the appearance was very appealing so my expectations were that I will definitely enjoy. The Stromboli was seasoned just right, the way it was made traditionally also drawed my attention, and for a small was a decent size.
  Those three things made me enjoy majority of my stromboli but I got full off a few big bites. The only thing I would have to point out is the extra sauce I asked for I didn't get imo.
The fries too they were really good but could be a little warmer. The cheese's was plentiful, bacon just enough but the ranch I kept trying to look for. Needed more.
Don't get me wrong if your in the area and you want a good pizza or cheesesteak, this would be one place to look into.
Just for me tho I think unless I'm craving a good stromboli and have no other options, I'll come but it's not that close for my effort to.Im a first time customer much as i saw this place growing up, i never been there, today i wanted some pizza and i decided to try this place out, And i most say the prices are good and the staff are super friendly. I got a pizza and Cheese fries. The pizza was ok it wasn't bad. The fries was good. I will go back to try something differentGreat neighborhood place to get your typical Philly neighborhood eats; pizza, cheesesteaks, hoagies, etc.
They are the only place I know of in West Philly that does upside-down pizza, which is a treat if you haven't had that before.
The owners (Gus & Maria) are legit Greek and know what they are doing with pizza!Not a huge fan of the pizza, but the cheesesteak is solid, probably better than abner's and cheaper. I kind of dig the dingy vibe--it's the type of atmosphere that produces a strong cheesesteak. Meat and bread tasted fresh and the onions and meat were chopped nice and fine. Classic family run spot.A great place to go for cheap and fast food. It has existed for many years The location is pretty good and easily accessible. Not the nicest looking joint, but will give you decent fried foods. 
  There is a package service and place to buy lotto tickets here, so it has multiple functions. 
If you are looking for greasy cheap food, this is tour spot. After parties or a quick bite to eat. This place is consistent and pretty good. 
 Mega fries are always good, but you can also order wings, pizza, and a number of other good options. Very affordable and a go to for food if you live in the area.I ordered a large cheese pizza and  it looked like a medium to me. It was fresh and hot, and the cheese was delicious the sauce was alright the the dough was soft overall the pizza was alright. Not the taste I was looking for though It reminded me of a pizza you can find at a Chinese buffet.I'm a USP grad so I lived on this place for years. 
Food is pretty tasty but very greasy. Prices are low and the service is fast. Take out only.  Not my kind of pizza but it tastes alright and is definitely better then god awful franchise pizza places.
The stromboli is the real deal super duper gut buster! Sweet, acidic, fatty and cheesy with a little tomato. Yum!
My brother swears by their cheesesteaks and they can really load it up with everything! Every time he comes to Philly he has to have one. Fries, fingers and wings are all pretty standard corner shop taste. Pizza fries are awesome.
Gyros and greek fare (owners are greek) are better then you would think from looking at menu.
Hmmmm, I could go for some Royal's with a side of nostalgia right now.this is the worst grilled chicken i have ever eaten in my life. they overcharged me on what the menu price was, and the chicken was so dry and flavorless. there was nothing good about the meal whatsoever.I went to this restaurant to pick up a package from UPS because it is a UPS access point. The first time I went, the restaurant was not open at it's listed hours, so the second time I returned, I asked why this was the case. The older male employee then proceeded to yell at me that I can't tell him when to open his business (which I clearly did not). When I then informed him, that after speaking with UPS, I was informed by their representatives that Royal Pizza was at fault, he proceeded to yell at me more.
This was terrible customer service and then to add to it, they consistently spoke negatively about UPS, which is a partner they choose to do business with. Do not go here if you have any level of customer service standards because I'm sure they treat their food customers in a similar manner.Delicious!  This was my go to place for years! West philly classic Mega Fries, kills it! (fries with mozzarella, provolone, ranch, and bacon.)  I get mine with hotsauce. Turkey clubs is great, and the Greek salads are fresh, with a lot of toppings, and Greek grape leaves stuffed with rice.   Service is always quick and Gus and Maria are awesome.  
There are 2 specialties though that truly set royals apart. 
The first is the chesesteak.  I believe that the Royals cheese steak is one of the best in the city.  It's pretty much the compendium of all the major cheese steak places, but with fresher rolls, and more meat and cheese.  Gus makes his chesesteak just right! 
Royals also has some of the best wings around.  Crispy and available at all levels of heat, I truly could eat them every day.  The hots are, in my opinion, the perfect blend of savory wing goodness and heat.  
They also do a good job if you need a large amount of pizza and wings for a party, and have great pricing for catering orders, I have used them many times.  
Their pizza seems to be polarizing.  Some people love it, and some people hate it.  Definately worth venturing in and getting a pizza and wings to check it out, but judge them by their steaks and wings, not by their pizza.2 of my cousins have gotten the pizza  before and threw up. And I got the steak pizza the other day and threw up. We also ordered got a burger the other day and when we got the burger and small steak pizza the food took 1 hour. They said it would take like 15-20 min. Terrible serviceExtremely good cheesesteaks, likely the best one I have had in West Philly. It might not have the flashiest exterior decor but I recommend trying it out (for years I was curios why I would always see so many cops and UCD security guys buying food here...there is a reason). 
The owners are nice hardworking people and provide a valuable service to the local community with their UPS pick up and drop off. 
I am a bit disappointed to see such a negative review from Harrison B...who is giving a PIZZA place a 1 star review on Yelp for UPS services. I'd make a strong wager this guy didn't even buy or try any of the food. Maybe a local pizza joint won't have the same 100% operating times as a chain UPS store or 7-11? I think that's common sense...
Not only are the cheesesteaks excellent (they made me try one with Mayo...at first I resisted...but its amazing!) but as someone who has lived in the Clark Park neighborhood for many years, it is extremely convenient for me to be able to drop off UPS packages and not have to schlep over to 38th and Spruce (I am extremely grateful). 
Thanks RoyalReally solid cheesesteak. Honestly, better than a lot of the more famous places but I think the random corner stores you find in west and south philly have the best cheesesteaks so definitely give this place a shot! Very filling and inexpensive as well.I ordered the large pizza I hate to see what a small one looks like I know things are tough right now but come on really!!!Always a classic place for uscience students to get some cheap Italian food. It's a little hole in the wall but don't shy away, the food is good for how much you pay, the portions are large and the food is good!  It's family run and they're super friendly! The only thing to be wary of is that it's very oily so if you can't stomach it, this place may not be for you. It's also great because it's open lateOrdered a small plain pie for takeout. The place looks dingy, but the pizza was alright. They really model their pizzas after Pizza Hut. The crust looks the same on the underside and they definitely add sugar to it, like Pizza Hut does. It's a tad bit too greasy and heavy for my liking, but it's a good fix for college students.It's cheap, It's fine.  Besides the pizza, it's the type of shit you wanna order for delivery - it hits all the sweet spots.
Pros:
Holy shit is it inexpensive.  Might be the best deal in West Philly that won't kill you.  
The menu is massive in a good way.  They have a variety of pizzas, hoagies, platters, sandwiches, burgers, fries and apps.  Everything you want.
I found them very friendly.  My wife ordered the honey-dipped chicken and a short call later, they said they were out and offered the fingers instead.  
All the food, except the pizza, is exactly what you expect/hope for.  They're solid if unspectacular, but hit the spot.  The prices for the quantity are a great deal.
Cons:
I could do without the experience in store.  Weird way to run a pizza shop, but normal for a corner store.  At 42nd and Baltimore, in 2019, I'm a little surprised, but whatever.  
Without a doubt are some items not the best.  For example, I found the burger to be a formerly frozen patty or a regular kaiser roll.  Services with fries and cole slaw for 5 bucks made it a good deal though.  On some level, it's a get what you pay for deal.  But great drunk/hungover food!
Other Notes:
As others have noted, the pizza is,  uh, different.  Breadier with a garlic and butter crust.  Think a breadier Dominoes in style.  If you're expecting pizza similar to a number of joints nearby, be prepared to be disappointed.  But if you're in the mood for some fastfood pizza, this is honestly the spot.  Super cheap as well!  But, it's not "the pizza" you are expecting.
Conclusion:  We might have found our new "OMG, I'm really lazy today" spot with Royal Pizza.  I think we'll order again or maybe take a quick walk down!Great prices. Good cheesesteaks x Wings. Fast delivery. Classic Philly pizza spot. Cash onlyThe service is amazing with a delicious pizza every time delivered hot and freshly makes this my go-to place. One of the best pizzerias in Philly.