I like Royal Tavern, I do, I promise. Good decor, football on the TV, nice bartenders, different and delicious things like truffle oil parmesan popcorn, and a quality jukebox. HOWEVER. I think I'm allergic to this otherwise fine establishment. I walked in tonight - immediate sniffles. Walked out - slight sneezing. And since I've graduated to puffy, watery eyes that can barely see to write this review. I'm willing to give Royal a second chance, but next time I'll be packing some Zyrtex.I actually don't know anyone who has eaten here and does not like the Royal Tavern.  The food is delicious and the portions are generous.  I like to try the specials because I know that whatever I get will be amazing and different, and there are usually at least 5 each day to choose from.  The staff is friendly and really seem to enjoy working there.  Cozy restaurant with a very intimate feel.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!I'm not vegan and pride myself on an unapologetic love of meat -- but the vegan sloppy joe may be my favorite item on the menu.  The sloppy joe sauce is out-of-this-world good.  Paired with a beer and some crab fries with a game on the TV at the bar -- it's transcendant.  If you prefer a table experience, there are plenty of seating options away from the TVs at the bar.  The place is rightfully a popular neighborhood hang out, so be prepared to wait to get a seat if you go at a peak evening time.The first time I attempted to dine at the Royal we decided to turn away due to the wait. As I recall it was a Friday after 9pm, so I don't see this as a negative.
I returned for brunch and it was still a bit packed, but they were able to accommodate our odd party of five. We all decided to pass on the hair of the dog so I can't speak for the drinks, but bloody mary's and mimosas both can be had for a reasonable $5. I did go with one of the featured specials of ham, swiss and scrambled eggs in crepes, and I received four of them with some sort of cream sauce on top. I was satisfied with my choice though I did find the lunch meat sliced ham to be a little disappointing. 
They have a rather extensive selection of vegetarian/vegan options and the vibe is somewhat hipster, but this is South Philly after all and if you want a cheese steak, well, you know where you can find one. Service was spot on, food was great, prices reasonable. Certainly worth checking out.I came here for the first time, I heard they have great food and drinks.   I went in Christmas Eve to meet my friend their and I was treated with no respect, I don't know if it was because I was gay, black? I don't know.  But the way I was treated by the bartenders was completely inappropriate and my friend who came to meet me even said, he's come before and he feels I might of been targeted because of my race or sexual preference..   I will
Never go here again Bc you made me feel like I was a criminal.I am going to have to agree with everyone and say this place is definitely a go. Beer selection is great, service is friendly, and the food is AWESOME! They make the best grilled cheese I have ever had, they use a combination of cheeses, one of which is smoked gouda-and they make it on GARLIC BREAD-you need to try one, today.Best vegan options! The cheesesteak is amazing.The staff had an impressive selection of band tees and that talk was greatly appreciated.Kind of bizarre that this place advertises itself as the best burger when it features and array of vegetarian and vegan options. I guess it is good that there is something for everyone but I would imagine that if you are a true Vegan, which I am not, that there is not much appeal in watching someone wolf down a burger - - - even if it is the best burger - - or maybe especially because it is purportedly the best burger. So like if a Vegan and a non Vegan come here to eat and the non Vegan is telling the Vegan how good the burger is doesn't that make for an awkward meal?.   I get that these are first world problems but I am just saying. .... I opted for the Wakame Soba salad with tofu. This is not an easy dish to execute and I have to say that they nailed this and got it 100% right! The soba and tofu were cooked perfectly and the vegetable and peanuts in the dish just simply delightful!  If I come back I will try the burger. Hint - - -half priced draft and well drinks at happy hour!Great place.  Surprisingly good food.  Reasonable prices.  Good vibes.
Royal Tavern is one of my go-to places.  It's the perfect blend of relaxed bar and great restaurant.  I have never had anything there that I didn't like.  Highlights include the Angus burger, popcorn, and cubano rolls.  Their brunch is also fantastic!  Breakfast burrito, baby!
The only bummer is that it can get crowded.  The slightly "relaxed" service doesn't always help that, but in this case, I don't hold it against them.BEST Bloody Mary's in the city! Mmmmmm super fresh, savory and spicy ;)
Service is meeehhhhh, but they mean well lol. Food is never a miss!I'd have never found this place on my own - but was sent there by a co-worker who lives around the corner.  This place looks like... and in truth is... a cozy neighborhood bar.  That said - it has probably one of the most amazing kitchens in the city.  But there is a down side to this... it's a small joint so show up early because getting a table is next to impossible at times. 
One thing I love about this place is the wait staff.    Ask about the specials and they will tell you if they are worth skipping the regular menu for.  For instance last time out I had an amazing Jambalaya... rivaling anything I've had in the French Quarter in New Orleans... off the bar menu.  But every other time was steered by the waiter toward one of the gems on the standard menu. My favorite is the Roasted Chicken Breast.  The menu says it's butternut squash,
catalan spinach, cinnamon-cardamom crme frache and frangelico - but the result seems far more rich and complex than that.  I could sit on teh floor with a two gallon stick pot of the squash and eat like a little kid.  Absolutely amazing.Children, I have figured it out.  The riddle of the Sphinx?  No, the riddle of why people like the Royal Tavern!  And having solved this caper, I think I may be able to figure out why folks like other places that appear to be located in Sucktown, USA.
Anyway, back to her Royal Taverness.  It's not a bar!  It's a restaurant!  If you (I) go there expecting it to be a bar, you (I) will most likely attempt some violent shit out of frustration.  But once you realize it's just a restaurant, the whole game changes.  
Allow me to explain:
Crowd?
Expecting bar:  Wow, everyone here is kind of sad and lame and should probably go shopping to replace their feeble excuse for a wardrobe.
Expecting restaurant:  Hey look, it's packed, and everyone seems kind of happy!
Decor?
Bar:  Um, this is weird.  It looks a little too fancy to not have a cocktail menu.
Restaurant:  Dark wood, low lights!  Cool!
Service?
Bar:  I'm too bored to care.  Can we go to McGlinchey's now?
Restaurant:  Nice enough.
Of course this whole expectation thing would be a moot point if the food were not up to par (yeah, I'm looking at you, Sidecar).  Granted, I've only had the burger, but man.  That was a good burger!  I'm not usually into bacon on burgers, but I felt like all of the toppings (spicy mayo, long hots) had been thought out, and it worked!  I would feel safe putting my palate at the mercy of the rest of their menu.  
And the jukebox...well, it doesn't fucking kill, but hearing more than one T. Rex song over the course of a burger is going to win you more than a few points with me....So good! I went here for brunch on a random Sunday. I had the hash brown scramble and it was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of eggs and this sold me. Add the special blackberry mimosas and this meal made me a happy woman. And it's affordable especially when you go home happy and full.I have to say that I always considered myself a "Loyal Follower" of Royal Tavern but after my last visit I have to say I was definitely disappointed. 
We were there for brunch and I choose the Italian Sausage Gravy over Biscuits that WAS NOT described as spicy and I have never seen a spicy version in my life BUT I have been to Royal Tavern many times and I know they often make dishes spicy without putting it in the description, which by the way I will never understand but whatever. So I asked the waitress just to be sure and her exact words were "na, it's not really spicy, not at all". Now let me explain, I am not someone that is scared of spicy food but currently I have some acid reflux issues due to medicine I am taking so sadly I have to stay away from spicy food, temporarily thank God! 
The dish came out and not only was it spicy, EVERYTHING WAS SPICY. The Sausage - Spicy, Gravy (which is normally a white gravy) was so spicy it was a pink, Biscuits - Spicy (and not that good I might add). Even the hash browns on the side were dusted in Cyan Pepper. I took one bite to give it the "Old College Try" but I just couldn't do it. So I then waited 5/10 minutes for the waitress to finish doing her shoots with the Bartender and other waitress before I could send it back. I have nothing against waitresses and bartenders doing to occasional shot but Saturday morning Brunch, really??? The waitress offered to make me something else but my wife was already half way though her meal so I declined. Then it took a turn from crappy experience to I clearly do not care about my customer right now because the bill comes and the waitress charged me for the Biscuits and Gravy!!! After she clearly did not know the menu and I took one bite and sent it back she still charged me!!! 
Everything considered I would have given a 3 star for this meal since I love Royal Tavern but is this a sign that things are changing there? I can not mark my experience as "A-OK" if I had to pay for a meal I could not eat because the waitress doesn't know the menu. It won't be my last trip to Royal Tavern because above of all else they still have the BEST BURGER IN PHILLY. But I guess only time will tell if they are starting to slip on the food and service that gave them there "Loyal Following".there's lots to like about the royal:
1. good beer
2. vegan and veggie-friendly food items that are delicious, especially with #1. i recommend the vegan sloppy joe.
3. relatively chill and down-to-earth atmosphere, although it often gets crowded quickly.
one of my favorite bars in philadelphia.Went here after a concert. Looking for cheese curds which I thought I saw on their menu. Walk in, seat yourself. Got waters and menus fairly quickly. I asked the server if they had cheese curds since I didn't see it on the menu and he shook his head no. So we ordered the vegan cheese steak and the wakake soba noodle salad. Both were brought out really quickly. We also got drinks - dogfish beer and an Arnold Palmer. Arnold Palmer was tasty and we like the dogfish so that was good. The cheesesteak was piping hot and had mushrooms and onions I believe, which I love so that was good. We shared that and the soba salad. That was really good too. Served cold and sriracha on the side. We ate everything. Glad we went - still on my quest for cheese curds though. One day.....I kind of see a trend going on here where the No. Libs and Bella Vista have some sort of alter ego thing going on.  While No. Libs has the Abbaye, Bella Vista has the Royal Tavern.
Both have delicious beers and really, really delicious food that tend to lean towards the veggie side.  
I prefer the Abbaye due to it's proximity to my homestead, though.  Royal Tavern is basically the same thing for when I'm in South Philly.I live right next to this place but I hardly ever come here.  I suppose my main reason is because the place is always so packed.  In addition, I've been told the food here is amazing but yet the first two times I came I was rather disappointed.  That however is all subject to change.
Based on a few comments on Yelp I went with the recommendation of the Angus Burger.  Seriously the burger was out of this world.  The pepper they put on top was simply magnificent!  I have also tried the Grilled Cheese once before and I liked that as well.
Unfortunately I would love to give this place more stars but personal based on my experiences and taste buds it has been hit or miss.  I do really like this place and the customer service is great.  I would definitely suggest giving it a shot.  They do have the beers I like so I will probably be back.  :)LOVE this place.  And, since I live 5 doors away, they make many of my meals!  I've never had a bad dish here but particularly love the Meatloaf sandwich and their burgers.
Probably the nicest wait staff in town, too.  Everyone is very nice and down to earth and happy to help.  Jukebox is one of the best in the city.In the world of Philly bar food lore, the Royal Tavern is a legend. My appetite for pub grub is also legendary, yet somehow the two have never crossed. If you asked me about "the royal" I would be able to say a few quick quips 'best burger in south Philly" and so on, but truth be told I have never been there. I remedied the situation. Having barely recovered from a nightmare south of Washington, I got back on the horse. I really enjoyed the experience. 
Pretty well reviewed, I will just offer a few simple musings. 
The bar was full, subsequently loud with conversation but outside you could not hear a peep. Combined with the fact that the bar blends in with the surrounding houses, a perfect blueprint for how a business can blend in to a neighborhood without disturbing the neighborhood vibe. Hear me SWCC? 
The place was pretty dark inside. When our food arrived, They turned the lights down lower. I really like to see what I'm eating, but apparently I am the minority on this point. 
The beer list was on par with the other micro brew taverns in Philly. My meatloaf sand which with bacon marmalade was delicious. The fish and chips are gigantic and my friends enjoyed them. Gnocchi appetizer is a must. 
The Royal tavern stands shoulder to shoulder with many of my favorite bars. I will be back to try the burger.Last night was my third time eating here and, once again, loved every bite! Last night I was really looking forward to the ruby red mojito I had last time I was in, but no dice. Apaprently that had only been a special. They were more than willing to make me a regular mojito though, and who am I to turn that down?! I also got the chicken caesar salad (the chicken was AMAZING!). The decor is great (tin roof and christmas lights) and the staff is super friendly and nice. The only reason I took a star away is because they have a crazy neighbor who has been known to attack people.Cool atmosphere nice servers and menu was very creative and offered a lot of delicious vegan items! Deff will be going back brunch and mimosas are also deelish!My husband and I just moved to Philly from Brooklyn and we were on the look-out for a new local brunch spot. Consider the position filled! 
Delicious brunch (I am partial to the eggs with tater tots and chipotle crema), not too pricey and we don't have to wait an hour to eat. 
For dinner the meatloaf sandwich is so so yummy. I haven't tried anything else yet but don't worry; I just moved here!The Royal Tavern is one of my favorite destinations for good eats in Philadelphia. 
The Food Girl and I have been frequenting The Royal (thats what its fans call it) for years now. There are just so many reasons to go, really. Where do I even start?
Are you a blood-thirsty, unapologetic carnivore? Well then the Royal is the place for you. Their angus burger is the apex of the recent burger resurgence in Philly. Piled high with long hots, smoked Gouda, bacon and a spicy mayo, this is as good as it gets. It comes served with a generous portion of fries alongside their patented malt vinegar mayo. YUM. 
Or maybe you are a tree-hugging hand-across-the-world vegetarian type, like my lovely fiance. You're covered too. Their tempeh club is out of this world, and just one of many vegetarian-friendly options. 
Perhaps- like us- you love brunch. Again, the Royal is a winner. It's as alive at 11am on a Sunday as it is midnite on a Friday. There are always interesting specials, reliable standbys & damn good coffee and bloody marys. 
Or maybe you are just a stone-cold drunk who cares about nothing more than satisfying the pathetic lush who lives inside all of us. I suggest you go to the Royal as well. Theirs is a fantastic drinking spot, with a reliable and rotating list of beers. 
As you can the see, the Royal Tavern is many things for many folks. Go there and see for yourself. You wont regret it.Where do I start?  Dirty.  Skirt steak tacos -- limp, unattractive, taste?  None.  Hericort vert almandine -- looked like a FEW limp, shriveled green beans.  My friend had the taco also and refried beans which ran like sauce!  My guess is that they keep it that dark so you can't see what you're eating and sitting on.  Yuck!G & I checked this spot out after a few beers at the POPE.  We split the popcorn, potato skins and the burger. Yum!  Enough food for 2 and the burger was delicious.I've been to Royal Tavern a bunch for drinks and dinner, but had my first brunch experience on Saturday after having a Bloody Mary craving and a bit of a hangover. I am yet again happy to have this place around the corner. I read that this is one of the best places in the city for Bloody Mary's and I absolutely agree. I can't recall any place in Philly that has better Bloody Mary's. It was garnished with lime, lemon, olive and a pickle. It was also perfectly spicy and for only $5! And it is a rather large, filling Bloody Mary. It is in a big glass. I don't think I could handle more than 2 of these since they are so big and filling. (I hate when you order a Bloody Mary and you get a small glass filled with a bunch of ice and you can suck the thing down in 3 sips- not the case here.) The brunch food was also pretty good but I think I am a bigger fan of their dinner food than I am the brunch menu. I had the salmon special which was pretty much lox on a bagel with a side of potatoes. The salmon was good and fresh. My bf ordered the biscuit special and said it was good but I didn't try it. Serving size was perfect- filled you up without making you feel disgusting about yourself. We also ordered buffalo chicken wings which were good, not the best I ever had, but still tasty. My favorites here are still the vegan tempeh club and vegan sloppy joe.
Also, there was no wait for brunch when we arrived a bit after noon on a Saturday.I really enjoy this place. The vegan food options are really good. I absolutely love the tempeh reuben! They also have a very nice beer selection. The only downside is it can be tricky to get a table on weekend evenings, but the wait usually isn't terribly long. Just grab a brewskie at the bar while you're waiting!The burger is good.
All the food is good.
It's good. (Royal Tavern)
4 StarsI've never had a REAL meal here, but each time I go here, I think about how I need to get back.  I've had their vegan sloppy joe's at street food fairs, and I've been there for drinks a few times. Each time, I am just more and more happy that they exist.  I recently swung by late at night, and had tater tots - which were great and cheap! I recommned it.The front is very unassuming and you can easy walk right pass it. As you read the menu you realize that you walked into a new world. My friend and I happened upon it at brunch time. We shared a dogfish head theobroma, BACON bloody mary, an augus burger and french toast with dulce de leche.
The burger had bacon, caramelized onions, smoked gouda, pickled longhots, chile mayonnaise. Every bite you tasted something a bit different. It wasn't about a hook it was just great beef and amazing toppings that will easily make us drive 3 hours to get more.
Everything was amazing!The place is a little divey but the food is awesome. Gourmet ingredients at fair prices.Our neighborhood joint. Feel really lucky to have it around the corner. Great value. Surprisingly savory combinations of flavors. Solid. The way a gastropub should be.Yes, there are great burgers here but there is so much more going on that you must check out the menu (note: slight variations once you arrive) to do this place, and yourself, justice.  We enjoyed a phenomenal dinner, excellent service from waitress (who really knew their extensive beer offerings well), and the buss staff (who were attentive and helpful in packing up leftovers).  We went for a Monday early dinner at 6 and the place was virtually packed to the brim but we got seated right away, by the time we left there was a line out the door and we thought, it's worth the wait. Kitc.hen serves 'til 1am.I've been here a few times and I have to say every experience has improved.  I started with the much hyped royal burger and couldn't handle the pickled jalapeno which in my opinion took away from all of the other ingredients (bacon, caramelized onions, smoked gouda,pickled longhots and chile mayonnaise on seeded brioche bun) between the bun.  
Then I tried the meatloaf sandwich which didn't quite satisfy my tastebuds for the night (bacon, provolone, fried onions
and porcini mushroom ketchup on ciabatta). 
It wasn't until last night that I found exactly what will make me go back a 4th, 5th, and 6th time.  
Simple items, nachos and grilled cheese.  Done to perfection.  
The nachos (corn chips, mozzarella and jack cheeses,
pico de gallo,lettuce, jalapeños,
sour cream, guacamole) started us off split three ways.  I'm pretty sure I was trying to eat faster then my friends in order to get more then my fair share of guac.  I probably could have ended there but alas I muscled through when the waiter brought out my meal.  The grilled cheese (smoked gouda, sharp provolone and goat cheese on rustic french bread) was delicious and I  will certainly mozy my way over to order this during happy hour one day after work when I come home to an empty fridge.  
Royal Tavern, it may have taken a few times but we're going to be good friends from here on out.I have been here a handful of times mostly for brunch usually with lager group of friends. The service has always been good. Although a friend of mine had a very bad experience once. I wasn't there for it but the manager took care of the situation and all was well in the end.
They have an ample beer selection and the food is good. My favorite is their burgers.I recently moved to queens village and needed a place to grab a bite to eat late with friends visiting, mind you i did little due diligence before moving to a new area, well we walked. we ended up at royal and order various apps and beers. I had a dogfish head aprihop and split the chix nachos and mac chz. 
Everything was great other than the push over bartender that greated us. Could have been more warming but the female waitress pulled through and made a solid evening. Ill be back.We showed up as a group of 4 at 7pm on a Saturday over the summer. The place was full enough that we had to wait 25 minutes for a table but there was room at the bar so we were comfortable and had some drinks. After we were finally seated the service was reasonably snappy and we placed our orders in a reasonable amount of time. The food came quickly, the portions were huge, and our waiter checked in multiple times to see how things were going.This bar has my favorite beer, Ommegang's Three Philosophers.  I like that.  I also like the retro beer advertisements in the bathrooms (funny) and the super hand drying machines (the best kind of hand dryers).  The dark colored wood which comprises the bar is classy.  I also really enjoy the Pan Fried Gnocchi -- quite delicious (though overpriced).  Throw all the pine nuts and arugula you want on it.  It's still just gnocchi for $15.
But that's kind of the overall theme here -- nice selection, but you're going to pay for it.  Average to higher than average.
Service can be hit or miss.  Servers are quick to start... but taper off from there.
I really want to love this place.  I mean, I like it fine enough.  I've been here many times with various groups of people.  But it has never developed into the love category.  I'm usually the guy who says, hey-- let's go to The Dive.  And they say, hey-- let's go to the Royal Tavern instead.
Seating is also limited.
What can you do?  The Royal Tavern is a fine bar.  Just not one of the finest in the city, in this humble yelper's opinion.  Meh.This place is wildly underrated and to be honest, I'd like to keep it that way. Having explored more vegan foods lately, I find that Royal Tavern and Khyber Pass (in old city), both of which are owned by the same people, offer a lovely selection of vegan foods. I am not vegan and definitely eat meat, but if a menu has vegan options I am more likely to choose those unless there is some good fish on the menu. With that being said, I have been here several times. My only complaint is that their food tends to be on the greasier side. So if you're looked for healthy plant-based vegan, this probably isn't the place for you unless you specify light oil or whatnot. This place will be a great go-to for me for date nights, hanging with friends, or coming alone. Plus, the local library is across the street so I recommend picking up a nice book and having yourself a meal and a beer.The service I received here tonight for a to-go order was completely unacceptable. And yes, I am posting this already because I am so bothered about the terrible service.  
I ordered two burgers to go on the phone and was told that it would be ready in 15 minutes.  I showed up at Royal about 15 minutes later and was told by a waitress that it wasn't ready yet.  Ok, totally fine with that.  About a half hour later, I notice a to-go order come out and the SAME waitress who I spoke to when I came in, looked at the ticket and then put it above the bar. Obviously I assume it's not mine since she knows I've been waiting in the bar for well over 30 minutes and sees me standing there. Bartender finally goes over and checks the order about 15 minutes after she brought it out- wouldn't you know, it's my order.  
Then my fiance and I got to come home and eat cold, soggy burgers. 
I've worked in the restaurant business and understand that to-go orders are annoying and don't usually result in tips; however that waitress' behavior was completely unacceptable. I don't care how much I like their burgers, I will never return to a place that employs people who don't care about the customers and only care about their tips. 
The waitress was the one with the really long hair.I am about to go on record and say that Royal Tavern has the best burger in the city. Other notable mention goes to the Chicken Frankie (curry chicken wrap, but the size of a burrito). Never really impressed with their draft beers. And the service is usually pretty surly, so I never feel comfortable asking for a recommendation. But the food is really good and you can usually get a table, so I do like to frequent this place a lot.I had the grilled chicken sandwich. The bread had a burnt taste. It wasn't burnt but had black burnt shit on it. Either a dirty grill or toaster IMO. Didn't notice till halfway in. The apple and blue cheese was tasty, though not creative. The chicken was paper thin, barely 4oz if it was.  The arugula was good to round out the sandwich. I'd say the overall sandwich experience was compromised by the burnt taste and the diminutive chicken portion, as if its hard to toast bread or chicken is in short supply. It could be a great chicken sammy with some ATD. 
The beer menu was weak for South Philly. Replacing two IPAs with two saisons was a bad choice, IMO, on the draught menu. 90minute and Yards aren't very creative choices if you only have two IPAs on draught.Yay!  Such a fun place!  If I lived here I'd come here all the time.  Fun hip vibe, great bar and local beers.  Good selection of vegan/vegetarian food!  
We had to wait about ten minutes for a table on a week night, as it was a little packed.  The great thing was there is a jukebox with a wonderful indie music selection that kept us occupied.
I had the vegan sloppy joe and I have to admit I was a little hesitant.  I'm a new vegetarian and sloppy joes is a favorite.  I was hoping it would hold up.  Oooh, it did.  It was soo tasty and huge, I ate the entire thing.  It also came with a side order of cole slaw which was great.  We shared the mac and cheese, which wasn't too bad, a litte chalky but full of flavor.  The fries were very yummy too.
We tried their local beers.  The local dark beer is very smooth, good but I'm not a big dark beer fan.  I ordered the Sweaty Betty beer (honestly just so I could repeat the fun title to the waitress), its a lighter beer with a hint of fruit but with a Miller kick at the end which I could have done without.  
Overall an awesome place to go, little pricey but totally worth it.Went first time last night to grab dinner. Staff was very friendly. Drinks were reasonable. Had the toasted gnocchi, chicken tortillas, chicken and arugula sandwich with french fries and had some of the kale caesar. Everything was really good. Cant wait to go back.i dont drink, but i do eat, so this bar rules. great food served in a perfect bar atmosphere. love that.Not fancy, but doesn't need to be, This unassuming local tavern serves up some of the tastiest bar fare around. Not to mention the best burger in town IMHO. Service is friendly despite the continual crowds waiting for one of a handful of tables, and my friends say the veggie options are great, though I've never tried any as aside from the burger, the Korean fried chicken is also a favorite. Their house pomengranate sangris is great, as is the beer selection, and the stellar jukebox. Great place for a drink and eats with friends, thouggh going with a group larger than 4 can be challenging for finding table seating.Hands-down the best burger in the city, The staff is very friendly service is great I have visited once a week for years and have never been disappointed.Don't be afraid if you're middle-aged by the darkness and the music once you're there the staff is so accommodating you feel right at homeThe burger is incredible. They have one burger on the menu, but the proposed toppings are unique and perfect. The burger comes with gouda, sautéed onions and long hots. You can add or take away toppings, but I recommend not changing a thing. It is such a great combination of flavors. The bun is essentially a large seeded brioche. The beef is well-seasoned and always cooked perfectly. The fries are freshly cooked and perfectly sized (not skinny or too thick). They also have a delicious grilled cheese and meatloaf sandwich. Yum! 
The service is great. The bar made great cocktails, plus has good beer on tap. The humble pub atmosphere also makes this place perfect. This joint gets busy, but if there's a wait, trust me. It's worth it. One of the best burgers in Philly.Three cheers for the Royal Tavern! Open late, tasty food, good service, and great tunes. My favorites are the barbecue wings and bacon wrapped tater tots, which might have been a one time thing, not sure. Still, if you see 'em, get 'em! Almost everything that can be dipped comes with a tasty homemade dipping sauce as well. The menu is a little small but my friends and I ordered different things and we were all very satisfied with what we got. Dessert was a little disappointing though. Decent, but not worth the price.
As for the non-food things, they were also quite good. Service was a little slow but still friendly and understanding. Luckily, they have a jukebox to keep you entertained while waiting filled with everything from Rick Ross to the Clash to Justice and beyond. Commendable hours too! More often than I'd like I'm stuck trying to think of a place that serves dinner and is open past 9 or 10 but now I know the Royal Tavern is there and serving tasty foods.Nice tavern experience that has some vegan items which is much appreciated.
I have been there on a weekday evening in summer and winter and they are very different. The place is not very crowded on summer weekdays but mobbed on a weeknight between Christmas and New Year's.
The best item: the smoked coleslaw which is vegan. Get it. Every time.
I also am a fan of their vegan bahn mis. Always a treat. The onion rings are great and they are vegan but the sauce they come with is not. Be careful.
One thing they can work on is how cold it was inside on a freezing winter night.
Very worthwhile though. Good place for vegans and non-vegans to congregate together.Highly recommend the beer battered artichokes and French fries with malt vinegar mayo. Friendly and attentive staff. Nice ambiance.Not a huge lunch menu, but we were only there for the burgers. They were unbelievable. Best I've had in a long time. Nice beer selection. The place had a nice feel. Not too big, not too small. Loved the handcrafted old style bar.Really like this place.  Stopped in for lunch during a weekday and was surprised that it was practically empty!  My co worker read somewhere that the had the best burger in the state, so we decided to try it.  WOW!  Yes, it's true.  What's funny is that they don't advertise or mention this...or even boast about it.  It's just on the menu as the Angus burger, no hype, just listed just like the other menu items.  For a minute, I wondered if we were even in the right place.  We ordered it anyway & it was SO GOOD.  The meat was so fresh and the toppings blended so well.  
Great beer selection, and the server/bartender was so nice & friendly.  My friend didn't really like their drink & the bartender noticed they weren't drinking it & asked if anything was wrong.  She took the drink back with a smile & "re-made it" without my friend even having to complain.  She also chatted us up about the neighborhood & cracked a few quick jokes.  Awesome service. Great way to spend an afternoon.
They are so modest about the greatness of the burger, it's perplexing.  The fries were great too.  Will definitely be back.I really, really wanted to love this place. I love the darkness, tavern-y feel of the spot. Great music and atmosphere. Didn't love that happy hour was 4-6 but nothing you can do about that. All good. Service was great, no complaints there. Cleared the dishes, kept us hydrated (water and otherwise) and was very attentive.
Ordered the much talked about burger and I may have talked it up too much because while it was good, it wasn't the BEST burger ever. It was just.... good. We asked for medium and got well. The BBQ Brisket grilled cheese sandwich was pretty good. I loved the fries with the aioli dip and the mozzarella cheese (when we asked for cheese). The calamari was a disappointment as I expected more quantity wise.I went there for brunch, and the food was great. Simple and homemade-like, in a good way. Also, my friend's Bloody Mary was on the house. Nice.One of my favorite places.  They consistently deliver quality food and quality service.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  
Favorites:  Burgers, Salads, & Specials.  
Definitely worth going to.Some of the best beers and best foods in philly
I strongly recommend this spot.  The chef is amazing, he's got the best wings in PHL as well as an amazing, diverse menu.  Similar to some other brew pubs in PHL, they have an amazing draft selection and some of the best food and wings imaginable.  I recommend mango habanero or Buffalo wings!This place is a really great option if you have a lot of differing tastes in your group. The menus has a huge variety with vegetarian choices, ethnic dishes - it's easy to find something everyone will like. The atmosphere is a true dive bar, but it can get really packed for brunch and dinner. They don't take reservations, though, so try coming at an off time to assure you get seated quickly.I eat at Royal Tavern on average about once a week. "Royal" as it's locally known, has a great vibe, much like the neighborhood, lots of locals, great people, and good music. Where they really shine is their Specials Menu - local and seasonal, always delicious and inventive. There are of course trusty favorites I get on a regular basis. The Cubano Spring Rolls are a must try, and the Nachos are gigantic & delicious (oh word to the wise - that Longhot on the Burger is INTENSLY HOT just sayin' otherwise, the burger is a good bet as well). The portions are generous, and the tatertots always crispy. There are also a lot of Vegan items, including dessert!
Brunch is no exception for the rule of deliciousness (there's also a Cubano Omlette which is one of my favs) and again, check the specials board before you make any decisions. If you're looking for a quick fix to take home & enjoy on your couch, while they don't take orders over the phone, I've gotten takeout while standing at the bar in my pajama bottoms plenty of times. Oh bonus - the kitchen is open until 1am, for semi-late night eating. It's a great place to grab a pint & a bite to eat in the neighborhood.My wife and I had brunch here, and we were incredibly underwhelmed after having heard the massive hype.
I get that it's more a bar than anything, but Royal Tavern certainly does not fit the gastropub brunch bill. First, a poor tea selection. Second, very slow and inattentive service despite there being a very small crowd. Third, mediocre or worse food. I had a breakfast burrito with tomato basil soup; the burrito was OK, but it was served on a plate where a black bean side had seeped onto the burrito, making it difficult to eat. The soup, however, was bland and thin. My wife's experience was far worse. Granola that didn't have much more than oats, fruit that was billed as fresh but ended up being a canned fruit cocktail, and soy milk that wasn't included. Due to the slow service, it took over 15 minutes to alert the staff that soy milk hadn't been included; due to the otherwise low quality of the food, we didn't feel compelled to find someone to fix the order, which did end up being taken off the bill.
The bottom line is this: In this neighborhood, I am not sure why anyone would go here for brunch.Royal Tavern is on my list of Top 10 Philly Eats. The Brunch is solid. I've never been let down by it. Recently, I went out of my way to try the Angus burger that everybody raves about. I was afraid with that much hype, I'd be let down. Quite contrary. The burger lived up to its rep. It was made perfectly medium-rare (which is how I ordered it) and was insanely juicy. Burgers need to be juicy, ya hear? They also honored my request to replace the Gouda with goat cheese, since I'm cow's milk intolerant. 
Combining a perfectly cooked burger with bacon, caramelized onions, pickled long hots, and chile mayoannaise on on seeded brioche bun? Pure heaven! Favorite beef burger so far by far. I'll definitely be back!I was visiting a friend in Philly who took me to Royal Tavern for breakfast.  The strawberry crumble pancakes were amazing!  Super friendly staff with great food, can't beat that.  I will definitely be back next time I am in the area!This is a great place for a casual drink and bite to eat.  Food is always delicious and great selection of beer.Great and friendly service, great beer selection, and the best burger I've ever had.  I've only been here once so the sample size is too small to give it 5 stars, but maybe I'll write another review once I start going more often.Best burger in town. Great friendly service. Great soba noodle salad. Fine beer selection. Will Oldham's instrumental album on the iPod -- "Seafarers" -- what?! So up my alley. Used to love to sit in the window and read and watch the sun change the color of the wall across the street. Isaiah Zagar has since done that wall up with what's maybe his mirrored mosaic masterpiece. But before and surely now the bottles and the beautiful mahogany bar illuminate in such a way in the evening that irradiates the soul (especially if you've had a few). Anyway, my first meal in town -- a forgettable tempeh reuben in July 2006 -- but I've since been here dozens of times, mostly sticking to the burger with collards or the soba salad. One of the reasons I love where I live. So stable. Same decor, one or two of the same waitstaff. Hope they never change.It's a place I always go back to. The beer list is always great, but the food is what keeps me coming back. The meatloaf sandwich is awesome, hands down the best bar food I've had. The service is consistently great, and the bartenders are knowledgeable and nice.  The environment is awesome, a hodgepoge of older folks, hipsters, and the neighborhood crowd. 
A plus is the jukebox and the chalk board in the bathroom!Home of the 2015 Best Vegan Cheesesteak (which my non-veg friends couldn't tell from the real thing) and other plant-based dishes. It's great to be able to walk into a pub with your friends and know there is something lovingly cooked for you, that you won't have to watch everyone else eat. Super-friendly staff and a fantastic chef.Good food, good ambiance, good vibe, good music, great service....
Five stars across the board !
p.s. I asked if I can substitute fries on my burger for something else and they offered me grilled asparagus (can't get that anywhere else in the city).This place is my favorite place for a hungover Saturday or Sunday lunch.  I have tried almost all the sandwiches on the menu and they are all very good, the only exception for me is the Vegan Sloppy Joe(not good).  Although I am not vegan or vegetarian but this place has a great selection for anyone who is.  My personal favorites on the menu are the Burger, the Meatloaf, and the chicken sandwich.  I like that the chef has put together some really interesting twists on traditional pub grub.  There is one downside to Royal Tavern...be prepared to wait for a seat lunch or dinner.  I suggest going at 3 o'clock if you want to sit right away.  
The staff are always friendly and helpful...if you haven't been go here now!Really great dive bar with amazing food! Love their popcorn. Great drink selection and fun atmosphere. Close quarters, so plan to stand around the bar if you go on a Saturday night. Highly recommended!I don't know if I can explain my undying adoration for this place. I love the dimly lit bar. I love the great beer selection (quality over quantity). I love the chalkboard in the bathroom.  But most of all, I love the food. I love love love the food.
I'm going to make a very bold statement: The burger here is the best burger in Philadelphia. Nay, the world. Smoked gouda, pickled long hots,  chili mayonnaise, brioche bun! I salivate at the thought...
That's not to say the rest of the menu isn't darn near perfect either. Some of the highlights include... spicy greens, truffle butter popcorn (at $3, a must while you wait), the meatloaf sandwich, mussels with chorizo, and those delicious fries. The only thing I would avoid is the Sweet Potato Bánh Mi (which I found to be relatively bland and very dry), especially when I've heard such great things about another vegan option on the menu: the Tempeh Club.
Annnnnd, I think I know where I'm going for dinner again tonight...Solid upscale pub fare.  I had the meatloaf sandwich, wherethe meat was thinly sliced, with an egg, mushroom and cheese and it was delicious, served with excellent pomme frites and mayo.  A small but varied draft craft brew list  was a great plus.  I'll be returning for more sampling soon.Normally my husband and I love this place but we were very disappointed in the service today. Our server,"server #5" according to the check, was awful. She was absolutely miserable the whole time. We were not asked once if we needed anything after the food came and it took her 20 minutes to give us the check after we asked for it. I'm not sure if she was hungover or what, but We will make sure not to sit in her section next time we come.Great food, great beer selection.  Comparisions to Standard Tap are apt.  The menu is fairly extensive and everything is a familiar item, almost always with an interesting twist.  A salad with a limoncello vinaigrette, calamari with harissa, and so forth.  I sampled a couple of IPAs which were both good, then had the wings, ordering a combination of the traditional buffalo as well as mango habanero.  The latter weren't nearly as spicy as I expected, nor did I really taste mango very strongly, but they were good, and coated with crumbled wasabi peas to boot.  Wings also come with carrot and pickled daikon in addition to the gorgonzola dressing.  The waitress was attentive.
The atmosphere is comparable to other establishments of this type and it seems to be a pretty laid back place.  I look forward to trying more of their fare.Royal Tavern has long been atop my list of places to try, specifically to try their burger. I decided after being on that list for over a year it was time to get my fill of their recommended fare. In a word, pretty good. Pretty damn good. Not my favorite burger in the city and maybe not even in my top 5, but usually anticipation that simmers as long as it does will ultimate deflate the overall reaction. Fair beer selection combined with a decent food menu and comfortable atmosphere creates a pretty solid trilogy of reasons for me to return to Royal, but with so many other places on my list to try.... I hope I can return again....The food is delicious. I got take out yesterday and ordered the chicken sandwich. It was delicious. The only negative was that the bread was a little soggy. I would defiantly eat here again.Maybe I'm just ordering the worst dishes on their menu but every time I go to the Royal I am underwhelmed.  The most recent time there I had the Mango Habanero wings.  While they were reasonably spicy the meat itself had the limpness suggesting that it was previously frozen - sort of like the wings that one would buy at the grocery -  preseasoned and found in the frozen aisle.  My friends and I also had sangria's that were just okay.Truly good Friday night dinner w/female relative.  Food is very well prepared - GREAT BEERS ON TAP-Servers & beer keeper are awesome
Only negative is tables are way too close, I don't want somebody's fight w/ his frigging girlfriend in my ear, while trying to relax after work.Great food- I'm not a vegetarian and the Vegan Sloppy Joe there is one of my favorites.  They also always have my favorite Woodchuck Dark & Dry Cider.  The smoke used to be excessive, but no longer a problem.  Sometimes the service can be a little spotty- depends on who you get.  Some of the waitstaff has been there for a while, but the newbies are often not on the ball.