The new chef, Tommy Hogunz, makes some of the BEST fried chicken I have EVER had. The herbs and spices he uses gives it such a distinct and wonderful flavor. I can't wait to try other menu items!!!!!
PS: Try the hand cut fries!! SO good.Still awesome & they gave a full menu .. The good is awesome . Great people & a great vibe . A must try .. Bonus if you are looking for parking they have a full parking lot across the streetI came in here between bands at Kung-Fu Necktie and ordered the BB Burger with Bacon for $6.00. I then ordered a Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, also $6.00, and when I pulled out my debit card, the bartender informed me that they're cash only, but he conveniently has an ATM at the end of the bar. Word.
I was nervous about getting food from a place where the menu barely filled one side of paper and consisted mostly of wings and tacos, but I've hazarded some suspect late night bar burgers in Philly before with good results. I thought I felt something in the air; a meaty whisper, angus between buns, calling out to me from behind a veil of holy crap that's the tiniest men's room I've ever seen. The urinal is 90 degrees and one foot away from the toilet, the sink tap is a globe valve and the door doesn't shut all the way. There is a hotel style security latch, but the rails it slides down are bent open. Just go for it.
The burger hits the bar, and that bun looks like it was just purchased at Shop Rite. I hadn't been expecting an artisan ciabatta roll, but this thing looked humble. I flipped the top to dollop on some ketchup, and noted that the patty, at least, was thick. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad.
One bite, and I was satisfied with my choice. The meat was delicious, the bacon strips added excellent flavor, the vegetables provided textural spice and the bun was just present enough to not take away from the meat and cheese. Bravo. Looks can be deceiving, and this burger came out of nowhere.
That said, six dollars for a Sierra Nevada Pale Ale is a little steep, don't you think? Probably won't be back but this bar taught me a valuable lesson that things aren't always as they appear.I typically dont write yelp reviews unless a place is really really terrible or really really awesome. This bar falls in the latter category. Went in on tuesday and it was a really relaxed chill and friendly vibe. I had my first pickleback there! 5 bux not bad. They had about eight drafts selection i believe. There was a dj playing some hip hop. The dudes bathroom had a urinal that went all the way to the floor like a spanish style fountain. It was really cool (i may have been a bit drunk because that urinal was awe-inspiring.) really chill good vibe all around. But heres the best part: the bartenders were awesome (chalk and carlita) and fun to kick it with. I had a great conversation with them. The theme/decor of the bar is cool as f%#k Such a unique rad concept. Some people really dont get the theme (its not heavyhanded but pretty obvious if you look at the name.) the theme is actually really cool and successful. This is one of my new favorite bars. Unfortunately i didnt see any voodoo stuff.... Maybe i missed it or maybe that word just gets thrown around way too much to describe religions that have been sensationalized by the media. Anyways.... there was some catholic and/or santeria type stuff there.... Depending on which way you wanna read that. I loved the native american mural, buddha heads, candles, saints etc. theres a ton of stuff on the walls to look at when your there by yourself. The vibe is a little hood, a little spiritual, one part neighborhood bar, three parts dive bar and a splash of class. . It looks like the inside of my house. Kinda like drinking in a church but cooler and yer less likely to get hit by a lightning bolt. I'll be back for hip hop quizzo. Until then, cheers!It was poppin in here, feeling myself I just left this place lost my bag with my inhaler in it and the security found my bag with me and helped my crazy ass calm the f down because I was wheezing like a mofo from dancing my booty off with some fine company 10/10 y'allWhoa! Fun laid back vibe, great dj, pretty people wearing fun outfits. This place reminds me of Ministry of Information from back in the day. It's decorated with a large amount of kitsch including a painting of wolves on black velvet, an owl shelf, and diamond painted clear brick windows. There's a small dance floor that I easily can see getting packed. Rad, rad, rad. Cash only, but there's an ATM. Small menu that looks well thought out and yummy, and a few craft cocktails at reasonable prices.PSYCHEDELIC LIGHTS.  I love the psychedelic lights.
MUSIC.  On point.
$$$$$$. So Cheap I love it.
HIPSTERS.  Stop taking this place over!  Stop it, stop it, stop it.  You are ruining a good thing.Pros: Inexpensive drinks, Really good music.
Cons: The place is small and gets crowded very easily, the bathrooms are disgusting.First time here but this place is jumpin on Sundays!!! Would def recommend if you're in the area, love cheap beer and like to dance. Cash onlyTommy is the chef here and he is a nice and phenomenal person. He welcomes you with a smile and gives you personal service. You can order inside the bar area or go around the corner and order up at the outdoor window. 
I ordered the wings, and the they taste great.  You get them fresh and the seasoning is great too. I will definitely come back here to order the burger next time.Their new chef Tommy is on point with his food! It doesn't look like a food spot, but looks are deceiving. The Mac and cheese and wings are out of this world. Its an eclectic spot catering to locals and hipsters. If you haven't been go, if you haven't been in the last year go again. The staff rocks! Especially with Janay and Kait behind the bar. The drinks specials, beer list and food continuously grow and the music spans the gambit for everyone!The Saint is seriously the Coolest spot in the city. The artwork outside transcends to the inside decor, and makes you feel like you're not even in Philly anymore! My girlfriends and I have made this our go-to spot for over a year now and with the 2nd floor now open, we have a place to relax our feet from dancing all night! Did I mention the music is Always on point?? Drinks are cheap, service is quick, and there's always a cool crowd.Very fun and diverse  place. Saint gave me old school basement party vibes. Very good variety of music from old school to reggae to current. It is a cash only bar but the drinks are on point. It was packed on Saturday night but not over bearing.This is the absolute best bar in Philly. Great music, great staff, great food, cheap drinks (water ice cocktails are brilliant), and the most open and diverse crowd anywhere. You can feel the positive energy as soon as you step foot through the door!
They have a sign on the door letting you know that they accept, value and love all walks of life. The Saint is a great place to bring your friends from out of town to show them the true spirit of Philly. 
Thank you, Saint Lazarus Bar, for creating a place where we can all just be ourselves! Keep up the great work and never change.The wings are amazing, all 3 kinds!!!  Bartender was nice, cozy little dive good for day drinking or a night out.Previously Wonder Years, this is an okay spot. Went on Thursday night  Not really a crowd, but, there was good music playing from the DJ; mostly 90's hip-hop. Can't comment on drink prices as a friend got them for our group, but, the service was fast & friendly.  From my understanding, there will also be a kitchen opening with Cajun/Creole cuisine soon.  Looking forward to that.Checked this spot out on a Thursday night. Wasn't too pack. The music was super lit. The dj played music from the 9-9 to the 2000's y'eard lol. Real chill spot. Henny shots were $10 and the food items were super cheap. Didn't spend too much. Free parking is available across the street in a lot. You just have to grab a parking pass from the body guard. Bar tenders were real cool as well. It's a nice decent spot. I will be going back soon. 
Ig: egotistical_sshole
Ig: AyyeDPGreat place to chill met three of the best bartenders kait, Natalie and Janay! Recommend to anyone that lives in philly or just visiting!Tommy should feel proud of his fried chicken!! Hands down some of the best chicken wings I've ever had. Oh and those gravy fries are devilishly delicious! Even though its not the healthiest of foods, I didn't feel like a total sloth afterwards. Im only dreaming of the next time I can dive into those gravy fries again. I envy those who live near by.. Though they have a sweet to go window for easy pick up. I totally recommend this place if you're feeling sinfully gluttonous. Sacred + Delicious = Sacrilcious. :)Wow! really? This area needed this!...Its that bar that just pleases all those I like to be around and have FUN with. I know little about it but apparently its only a few weeks open and already talked about like crazy. It has a Creole Louisiana thing going and expected to have really great food unlike a regular bar??. Music wise I've been there on a soul rock and roll night and once a new 90's night and it was great on both.I've been here a few times after work, for its convenience. The weeknight bartender is always very nice, and the mix of people is always an interesting one. This is definitely a cultural bridge: a place where some Northern Liberties Piazza types can get into a conversation with someone who spends most of their time under the El. They have good drink specials and they're starting a (much-needed) earlier quizzo this coming week.
This past Saturday night, I went in for a nightcap with a group of friends and the DJ set was uncontrollably good. Everybody was bouncing, whether they knew it or not. Keep up the good work, guys!Small spot but pretty cool place to chill at minus the dude taking my drink when I wasnt finished with it. But drinks were good deal and DJ was goodI found this great little dive bar in fishtown last wed. afternoon and had a blast...meet the owner and janay the barmaid and  had a nice conversation while sipping on my cold PBR....very interesting inside....divey..artsy...funky....fun. the best way I can explain it.    def. a blue collar crowd with a lot of locals....everyone was nice and friendly and I think just happy to be there....I would like to try this place on a sat. afternoon or evening when its a little more busyWe stopped here for a drink and to use the bathroom when exploring Northern Libs/Fishtown. At first I was sketched out due to the neighborhood, but this bar was amazing! The artwork and décor is hilarious and fun, the bartender was pretty cool, and a beer and coke cost $3.50. Cant beat that! I would return for cheap day time drinking.Hands down best fried chicken in the city. Cheap drinks and great atmosphere. All of the food is great and the rotation of local dj's that play at least 2 times a week provide great music to go along with it. Love this spot.I came by this bar this past weekend to grab a quick drink before heading to my dinner reservation across the street. The interior of this place was super interesting and original, I'm a fan! I love that they have Not Your Father's root beer. I took a quick glance at the menu and saw they have Korean Fried Chicken Wings and apparently original Fried Wings. I'm definitely going to have to come back to try!I can't give saint Lazarus enough praise! I love the Saint! This bar has the absolute best vibe of any bar in Philadelphia. If you decide to go anywhere else you are selling yourself short. The atmosphere is like being underwater/ in space/ and in New Orleans at the same time. The drinks get the jobs done and the bartenders are the coolest. Especially Rashid lol! Different DJ's throughout the week so you can kinda pick your poison on what's days you wanna go. They have tacos and wings next door and idk what time they even close! The dance floor is awesome! I call it the Lazarus Pit. It's really a revival of good vibes. The crowd doesn't discriminate. All shapes sizes colors and creeds sharing a great time together. The owners are very sweet cool and awesome. They will relate to you about anything. Janay the Saint is the bestest! So if you want a guaranteed rememberable night then go to Saint Lazarus... even for day drinking lolMy favorite place for cheap drinks and awesome djs. Make sure to check out the new menu!  Those wings, the ipa mac and cheese were dope. Great staff too! Much love to kait and rasheed!There are nicer bars out there with way more affordable drinks.
$8 for his beer. $7 for my half filled shot glass.
Staff is friendly though. Not their fault.Phenomenal chicken and some of the best collard greens I've ever had.  Definitely check this place out, and there's even a Togo window so you don't have to deal with the bar crowd.The first time I came here was randomly to grab 1 drink after a Big Sean concert at the Fillmore. Place was so awesome that we cancelled our Uber and stayed to close the place down (on a Wednesday, mind you). 
You venture towards the back of the building to see the crazy artwork including Rick Ross, Meek Mill, Buddha, posters with random sex positions, trippy lighting, the DJ (now identified as Astro8000) had bright pink hair tied up in space buns and a matching shirt. I immediately fell in love. 
Now my bf lives in fishtown down the street and honestly if the rest of philly nightlife is wack we can always count on the Saint to go back to and have a great time. 
CASH ONLY bar-- good prices and great mixed drinks (get the fishbowl if you want to get wasted)
*** WATCH YOUR SHIT, crowd is shady and stole my mans bomber jacket***Fish tacos are delicious! Jerk chicken tacos are also good. They're open late and prices are low. Only downside is during late night the area is sketchy.Back home in Philly and this is the first "dive bar" I'm taken to which is very interesting on the inside. You have the 90s vibe with the incense burning, neon lights, bad art work, the tiny bathroom with an urinal / toilet combo & a vast selection of music all on a Wednesday night. 
So Happy Hour is from 9pm-11pm, I swear my drink prices kept increasing depending on the bartender as the night went on too. Either way they have a decent selection of beer and as the night goes on they have a dj that appears. I'll be back to this place very very soon and soak in more of its atmosphere of casual chill.I'm not sure what was here before but our crew stumbled here on a saturday night around midnight and it was bumpin!! The music kinda drew us in as a bouncer checked our ids. A great sound system blasted mashups of some classics and new vibes from a dj who turned out to be the owner. We were approached by someone who introduced himself as the marketing manager and after our compliment on the bar he got us all free shots!
This place has potential! Cheap PBR, limited seating, great atmosphere, loud music. 
A small dance floor next to the dj booth can handle about 15 people max. Such a cool little spot with seating for about 20 people max so its not a big bar by any means, the crowd is a little mix of everything from hoodrats to hipsters at night .
More so a place to mingle and soak in the atmosphere in the evening. I loved the late night vibe but don't expect to find an upscale crowd by any means.I tried The Saint for the first time 2 months ago and have been back a handful of times since because the food is always amazing and I can have a few drinks while I wait. Yesterday I went to pick up food for my family and I was not satisfied with the quality and I was missing one of my items. So instead of writing a one star review I called and spoke with management. They apologized, explained that they had a new cook, and the owner remade our order and delivered it. Stuff happens, it's how you deal with it that matters. I will be back!Food has been amazing ever since the new chef took over. Fried chicken wings, Korean fried chicken wings, and buffalo wings are all amazing. Great happy hour specials too. Will return again soon.The Saint is the spot!! Especially on Fridays for $tunt. GREAT MUSIC PLAYED. Not the same tired top 40 bullshit.
Cheap drinks, fun artwork on the walls. It's always a good time. Not much to say but go here if you want to get loose. Only downfall is the dancefloor is small. It gets packed out real quick! Probably the only thing holding me back from giving it a 5.Kinda divey, kinda funky, kinda small. The walls are adorned with the most eclectic works of art. It's the kind of place where you notice something new every time you do a visual sweep of the bar. 
No shortage of seating when my friend and I wandered in here on a rainy Friday night. We were searching for some cheap dinner and discovered the Yelp reviews for Saint Lazarus - and I'm so glad we did!
This dim lit hangout was the perfect combination of cheap drinks, good food, and local vibes. I ordered the steak tacos - 3 massive, packed tacos for $7. I come from Austin, the home of America's best tacos, and Saint Lazarus didn't let me down. The steak was tender and well seasoned. I was stuffed after two tacos, but I managed to scarf all three. There were at least three people who came and picked up to-go orders, and that's always a good sign that the food is good. Don't be fooled by the dive bar vibe, the food is slamming. There are also vegetarian options available. My friend ordered a cheese and veggie quesadilla, and was super happy with her order. Food was made fresh and delivered quickly. 
This is definitely a great place to grab a drink and a taco or three. I'd come back, for sure.Service was very rude. Bartender demanded our ids and credit cards (I'm 26) and gave major attitude. Threatened to kick us out for no apparent reason. We left without getting served due to her unpleasant attitude. Watch how you treat your customers.Haven't been able to write a review in awhile . My iPhone broke and I didn't download the yelp app! I have had plenty of check ins here.. This place is great ! You have to checkout Thursday nights 90''s Quiznos night . The best in the cityI Rocks out with this place. Simple,  chill and bumping music.my drink sucked tho. All I got was tito's and pineappleIf your looking for authentic Philadelphia nightlife and not some over marketed  BS along with great DJ and awesome vibes. Come here. 
This place is not for everyone but if you have and sense of local culture this is the spot to DANCE after midnight.When I'm in town I love popping by here for drinks and great music. I love this place, the music and vibe is always great. Always full of beautiful people good place to dance or just people watch while u relax.I only ordered food from the side window so this isn't a FULL location review. 
I needed vegetable tacos in my life and this was one of the first places to come up so I figured why not? After about a half hour of circling the location for parking I finally found a spot about 3 blocks away. The window service was different then I'm used to but my friend and I ordered vegetable and chicken tacos. 
Shortly after ordering (about 8 minutes) we received our take out which included 3 tacos each. My vegetable tacos were quite bland as they only consisted of beans, lettuce, tomato, and cheese. No exotic vegetables or flavors. My friend ended up receiving the wrong order of tacos which we didn't notice until we made it all the way home. BE SPECIFIC. He wanted regular chicken and ended up with jerk chicken which is not his cup of tea. We ended up calling the restaurant and they refunded us for the chicken tacos. 
Not the worst place but not the first place I'll run to for tacos again.i'm a white boy from ny and this was the most welcoming bar that made me feel like home! better than boston, cheers jazzy was the best!! thank her!!!! if i come back ,, this is the "spot"Spoke to the DJ about him cutting the best partyms of the song, when no one is dancing, and he told me he was an "international DJ". Guess this is what the DJs at Saint Lazarus Bar do. Shame. As I was ready to recommend this bar. Ah well. Guess the DJ with premixed synthesizers knows better than the floor not reacting to the music and preferring to talk to friends. Oh and the managers were were "too busy working" as I was told, to address any issues. In short, save your time. Go somewhere else. The crowd is already super young, but went because o heard the music was good, which, unfortunately was not true. Save your time. Go somewhere else. And FIRE THE DJ who has no respect for cultural music!!! (Or suggestions/feedback)One of the grimiest places I have ever been to in my city. I'd mention about the tasteless music but I guess music can be a subjective sentiment. One of the times the bathroom smelled like legit burnt hair.
All-around bad vibes all the times I've been there. 
Cheers.One of the coolest bar in the NoLibs/fish town area. Thursday's and Friday's are golden days here as the DJ plays great music . It's a cash only bar but there is an ATM in house. Have a good amount of beers on deck. This place has a very trippy ambiance with its neon light and glow in the dark artsy stuff on the wall. The place is small and gets very crowded very quickly on weekends, but it's worth checking out even if just for 30 minutes. 
You never know what kind of crowd you are going to find there and that's what make it so great. Music is really awesome here !I like how I'm getting marked up a dollar on my beer because I got an iPhone X. Yet a sign on the door says no discrimination but I'm getting white privilege taxed? The crowd is so pretentious for being struggling mid twenty's hipsters with alcoholism and spending problems. I thought I liked the shrimp but really it makes me shit my stomach lining out. The Dj couldn't even play any little peep on the day he died like fuck man people mourning but nah it's cool if prince died again there would be a night instantly. So really let's talk about discrimination and hypermasculintyphobics cuz that the level you deluded wack jobs are on. It's cool in the end gentrification will keep you guys and your salmonella kitchen in business for many years to come.Loved this place. I can only rate the dj, music, beer, and dancing on a Saturday night but it was definitely 5 stars. I will admit that it got crazy crowded and getting upstairs seems to be a safety hazard more than anything else, but still not a deal breaker. 
Thank God there is one place that hipsters and white guys into craft beer haven't completely destroyed in fishtown/northern liberties. I appreciate their contributions of coffee shops and antiquing but they pretty much ruin everything else.
Anyway Saint Lazarus is definitely a great place for dancing and drinks. Enjoyed it, will be back when I'm in philly again. It made my trip back home worth it!!Like another person said, this bar is strange. My friend Shante P and I were doing some bar hopping for my birthday. We were headed downtown so we decided to park at the huge free lot at 2nd n Germantown and catch the El train down the street. As we were walking down, I suddenly needed to go to the bathroom.  Sheesh. .with no place in sight really, we came across this place. 
Let me just say, I am from the hood. Grew up in Hunting Park, go to some.shady places etc. But this place gave me the Damn creeps. There was a guy standing outside blocking the door and didn't look like he wasn't moving unless somebody made him so we used the side door. 
Bartender was friendly. We ordered our usual drafts of PBR and I headed towards the bathroom. This "bathroom" was the size of a kindergartners cubby damn hole. It was clean though. Super dim light but clean and smelled okay. But me and my purse had issues fitting inside with the door closed.
So back to the bar. All of the crap on the walls from devils and angels to I think a photo of Rick Ross...huh? ?I was confused lol. I look up and see a kitchen menu on a blackboard. Food had promise but I didn't even see a door leading to a kitchen. Uh no thanks. 
The patrons....most of them were locals, guys just getting off from work etc. Friendly but not bothersome. At the table was the same guy from the door. Sitting there with his half of a beer that looked like.it's been there all day along with multiple disposable cell phones, clearly this guy sells something in this bar. Along with the random folks walking in, speaking to him and leaving, uh yes something is exchanging hands and it ain't directions. 
So like I said, I like dives, shady places with good drinks. But I can't frequent a bar that looks like a cross between a rap concert and a seance. And I don't want to be in a place that allows dealers to conduct business.This quirky bar with its fun decor, colors and lights is the best of both worlds. 
Come here during the earlier hours it's a Quiet, and laidback dive bar. You can always get a seat at the bar and service is quick. Drinks are prices pretty much the same as other bars in the area. Perfect for starting the night off in Fishtown. 
Later, after you've circled through the other bars in the area, come back here to find the the music gets louder and the place gets filled up. Despite the small siz Everyone Come here to dance for hours and listen to great music. Plus there's no cover for ladies! 
And don't forget to stop by around the corner outside. They have a take out window! Pick up some great tasting tacos to get you though the night.
Parking here is also pretty easy.I've been here on multiple Tuesdays, probably the most popping place you could find. Nice upstairs, good music and drinks. The playlists don't change up much for each party though, but there are always lots of people to dance with and plenty of interesting conversations. Pretty small, hard to squeeze in on some nights.I love this place as far as music vibes and drinks but the food sucks now that they changed the kitchen ownersI needed to find a place with good music for my weekend in Philly. By good music, I mean bumping loud hip-hop, from every era since the "Birth". This was the place. As I walked in, I was greeted by "Notorious Thugs" and a small, dimly lit space and a handful of people. I loved the ET figure by the bar with a glowing neon-colored globe next to it. I could keep going on about the cool ass, DIY-decor, but its something to see for yourself.
The place got packed to the brim by 11:30pm
I came back a second night in a row, danced, and met some good people too. This spot was cool as hell. They charge a cover after a certain point, but its worth it. Hopefully gentrification doesn't change the true essence of this place. And I worry that my review will contribute somehow. Keep doing exactly what you're doing Saint Lazarus, and make that money!I'm giving this bar a 2 star rating because I got immensely sick after one ONE DRINK here. I came here hoping to love it. It seemed a bit mysterious and quirky. Not a ton of info about it online. 
Upon entering I was digging it. Interestingly decorated. They have fish bowl drinks. Bartenders were friendly enough. 
But then I had one drink and though I felt fine at the time, about 20 minutes later was sick as a dog. Like maybe the sickest I've ever been from drinking...except I only had the one drink. I ended up having to ditch my plans for the rest of the night and go home. Not sure if my drink was drugged, or this drink was just INSANELY strong or what, but I am hesitant to ever go back.The crowd is extremely loud and disrespectful. There are near constant fights outside of the bar every weekend. This used to be one of the best spots in the neighborhood, but sadly that's not the case anymore. If you want to be treated like meat and maybe get caught in the middle of a fight, this is the spot for you.I went here on $1 pbr night and got
Drunk real cheap. The bathrooms are tiny and probably out of toilet paper. Whatever. It's a bar under the el, next to a dollar store and a strip club on girard ave. take it as you may.This place is dope the music is good and the crowd is wavy but damn it be hot as fuck in there lol thankfully the bouncer let us walk out a few times to get some air.
If they had more ac's /fans i'd easily spend way more money we only had one drink each bc it was too hot to drink usually we EACH spend like $100 at other bars! 
I'd deff come back i woulda gave them 5 stars but i dont want anyone passin out bc i told them to go get lit lol but yea the concept of this place? FIREEEESucks. Wouldn't recommend. Super rude bouncer. $10 for guys which is weird because everywhere else is free. I walked through and it's very small. Not very packed at all. I could never. Don't do it.It's a 50/50 shot: you either come to the Saint and get the most deliciously ratchet, wild, outrageously fun tiny dance floor in the whole city, or you get nothing at all. Head there later in the night for best results - because if you hit, you hit. The Saint can be a freaking blast. 
Bartenders are friendly, decor is quirky. Neon everywhere! DJs are hit or miss: I've seen some amazing local talent spinning here, but also bland hip hop from MacBook jockeys. 
Fair warning: definitely witnessed two major bar fights here in the handful of times I've gone. The crowds do get a little out-of-pocket. Always makes for a wild show though.....
All that said, the Saint is *definitely* interesting. Take your chances and check it out yourself.I normally love this bar. It is my go to when I go out once a month, sometimes every other month. There isn't normally a cover and the bouncer is always friendly but pats down everyone and checks purses. When I went two weeks ago, they had "promoters" on the door charging $5 to get it. I haven't seem them charge $5 to get in, in almost two years. These door people really did not have their stuff together at all. They didn't start charging until 11- 11:30pm. I watched numerous people walk in without being security checked because all they cared about was getting the $5. Regulars had to walk to the atm (I know its only five feet away, inside but still) to get out cash to even get in. There were two guys standing in front of the door who checked our IDs but did not even open the door for us three women (which I found a little rude).This place was amazing last night! Great DJ and drinks.  The place gets packed but if you're into dancing, the DJ keeps the hits flowing.  Very friendly bartenders and good drink prices.  There's a parking lot across the street, but you have to get s sticker from the bouncers. I will definitely go back.Saint Lazarus seems like a throwback to what Northern Liberties bars used to be like at a time before I went to NoLibs bars (so I can only guess...).  Neither craft brews nor innovative pub fare await you here.  Actually, there's no pub fare of any sort to speak of.  You might, however, be allowed to bring in food from outside and enjoy it while sipping a Lager and chatting with friends, listening to music, or chatting with and listening to the voices in your own head (...I'll try not to judge).  They have both live music and DJs here, depending on night and time; on the Thursday I was here, they had both (sequentially, thankfully).  The DJ can get quite loud. 
The decor is, as South Park might put it, one half voodoo basement, one half Hagrid's attic, and one half a hoarder's closet.  So if you happen to somehow find yourself trapped with non-communicative companions (I was fortunate to not be), there is plenty to explore along the walls.
The crowd seemed like a variable mix of old-timey drinkers, green-horned hipsters, the lost, and even a few of the damned.  Some of the former can get vociferous; provoke at your own peril.