I only just ordered from these guys for the first time and they delivered to my door without calling for directions and within 20 minutes of my order!!! The food was AMAZING!! I've eaten at sushi bars in Japan and this place could go head to head with the best! The prices are more than reasonable, the delivery guy was very friendly and greeted me with "great respect" (in Japanese) and gave me back some money claiming at  I had tried to "tip him too much"!!! After my first experience, I will FOR SURE be one of their "regulars" from now on. I could not give a higher recommendation for this area of the city! Enjoy!BEST sushi!! My roommates and I LOVE Sakura! We always order take out and have never had a problem. It's always delivered in a timely manner and they have never messed anything up. The prices are so reasonable and they have a great 3-roll combo. Our favorite take out place :)If you've had good sushi, you will be disappointed with this place. Hubby and I weren't in the mood for cooking one evening and stopped by SJC to try it out. It was a small place but empty on a weeknight. We ordered a variety of sushi rolls, from what I remember it was the King of Dragon, salmon, tuna, and spider rolls. Each and every roll was mediocre, somewhat bland. There was no balance of flavors and each bite left my tongue in a confused, dizzy taste. With each bite, I kept wondering where that umami flavor was, you know that good feeling you get whenever you eat sushi. The rice didn't seem to have the right texture/taste, and where was the fish flavor? This is a sushi joint for Pete's sake! Don't be fooled by the presentation of the sushi. The food isn't as good as it looks. Also, upon closer inspection the avocado in my roll was brown and mushy. Gross. Hubby and I were worried about getting sick after eating at this place.When in the mood for some sushi. This place is a phone call away for delivery. Well worth the money, especially for a place that delivers quality. I always order salmon skin, tuna avocado and salmon avocado. It comes with a side of miso soup. This is the three piece lunch special. A trio of Love Love Love.Japanese at your door place of work. It can't get any better when you rarely have time to cook and bring food from home.Had the eel and cucumber role and ikura sushi.  The food was made fresh and the hot green tea was delicious!Our absolute go to for sushi delivery. The spicy crab roll is amazing - add asparagus to make it even better. They're very reasonably priced and everything tastes fresh. Make sure to add the wasabi mayo; it's a great addition.
It's certainly not a Friday-night-out place (go to POD for that), but it's a great after work dinner option.We are Chinese foodie, and we love the pot here. A huge portion and with good spicy favor. Everything is good except it is a little bit expensive. Here the post costs 100 bucks. If you don't care about the price, you can come and try this authentic Chinese food.Love love love this place! You MUST try the spicy tuna tartar! $6.95 well spent!
Dancing Lobster Roll is #1 favorite. Great creamy texture.
King of Dragon is #2It's funny how I'll rush off to rate the new hott (two t's make it cool) restaurant after eating there once, but give no Yelp love to the places I eat a hundred fold more.  Well, Sakura, your time has come.
I probably get delivery from this place once a week.  It's close to my place, so the wait is usually less than 25 minutes (awesome).
The food is pretty spot on.  The sushi is on par with some of the more expensive places (i.e. Umai Umai) but much cheaper.  
Their fried rices are great, which is weird because I typically pass on these dishes.  I do add sriracha to all of them, though.
Their teriyaki and hibachi dishes are good, but not great.  However, given the generous portion of meat, I usually order it anyway.
I like Sakura enough to eat there a lot.  There ya go.The basic rolls here are excellent, 6 prices and very tasty and fresh.  There is even a TV with sports on if you stay to eat in.  The one downside and the reason for 4 vs 5 stars is that the special rolls are really expensive +$12-14 each.  When the basic rolls are $5 this is a little steep.  Overall a great place we will return to as well as order delivery from themI'm not a big sushi person but I checked out Sakura since it's so close by. 
I've only had the Sweet Potato, Avocado & Cucumber, and Avocado rolls. My absolute favorite is the sweet potato roll and I even made my sister a believer when she tried it. I love love love their ginger dressing for salads. You can't beat the price of the lunch specials either. 
I've eaten in a couple of times and it is very clean and the staff is lovely. 
I dislike eating in because the dining area is small and it can get crowded...but they have FRIED ICE CREAM. So I put on my big girl pants  and bear it.I've ordered a few times previously with no complaints.  This time around the sushi was just plain bad and I called them to let them know.  I offered to even bring the rolls back and exchange them for something else only to be told there is nothing wrong with their sushi... EVER.  As a repeat customer I expected a better response.  They lost my business from here on out.  Bye Sakura!Mostly happy with Sakura. 
I ordered my food to go. I got an eel roll, miso soup, and kani salad. Everything was very good and very fresh. The portions were appropriate for the price. 
The service was fine, food came out quickly even considering the place was busy at the time. 
My only complaint is they got my order a little wrong. They mixed up my rice. I wanted brown but got white. I also ordered some eel sauce because I wanted to try it but I didn't get any. I'll try it next time.Rock shrimp was awesome! Sushi was very fresh and tasty! I was surprised by the stars-this place is underrated.Great for the local sushivore.  The food here is decent and prices are average.  I wouldn't necessarily dine-in, however it's good for a quick fix/ take out order.This place is great for delivery. SUPER FAST DELIVERY and my order always comes right. If you're looking for some quick sushi at your doorstep, then this is the place for it. I always place my order through the Yelp app. Super easy and convenient!I order from this place all the time with my GrubHub app and it's always a great choice! Sushi orders can add up in price quickly but this place always delivers good food and in a pretty timely fashion-- last night it only took 30 minutes to get 3 rolls and a Bento box!! It was impressive. 
My favorite is the Dancing Lobster Roll and my bf gets the Teriyaki Chicken Box-- so much food in the Bento Boxes!!!Great for the price and convenience. It's nothing fantastic but my picky 7 year old and my boyfriend loved it. I got the avocado & cucumber rolls (once had better...but they were good) and my boyfriend enjoyed his California rolls. The seaweed salad wasn't bad either.
 I've finally found somewhere that would deliver to me in Port Richmond though! Lets hope they will still deliver after having discovered how "far" it is (supposedly NOT outside of their delivery zone though from other reviews I saw elsewhere).One of the better options in this neighborhood. The place is small but the service and food is awesome. Chicken Teriyaki is my favorite here, the sushi is also good. Their salad with ginger dressing is a bliss!!  Chicken in the Teriyaki was fresh and good! Lot choices in their menu!!!Paid 20 bucks for pretty lousy sushi. Didn't come with accompaniment I asked for and was pretty bland. Would have been better off ordering from Kansai.I used to live at 12th and spring garden, which is right by this place. It's great if you're in the area and want some decent sushi, but it's not worth traveling across town for. 
As I said, the sushi is just decent. They have the standard rolls available anywhere and a couple specialty rolls. There was one time I ordered through grubhub, and they gave me sashimi instead of sushi, which was annoying because it's the same price but is actually like half the amount of food. It was like two pieces, as compared to a roll which usually has five or six. 
Now when I'm in that part of Philly and decide to stop in! I usually get the udon noodles, which is better than their sushi.I can't tell you how many times I've been to this place for lunch in the past two years. The sushi here is so fresh I can't get enough of it. The only down side is that they don't tell you things like if you order two rolls get the meal with the soup and the salad because it's cheaper than the two rolls alone. Still a great place to eat though.In a land where take out sushi can go horribly, horribly wrong, Sakura is a beacon of hope.
The store is small, clean, and cute. The staff is so, so friendly. The food is reasonably priced and fantastic.
With sushi it seems like you always get ALMOST a great place. If it's cheap, the food sucks. If the food's fantastic, it's overpriced. If the ambiance in the restaurant is great, they don't deliver. I have to say that Sakura hits every nail on the head for me.
I'm a creature of habit so I get the same things a lot. The Foxy Lady roll is my favorite thing on the menu.  I love getting the simple rolls, too, spicy tuna or avocado - the chefs rolling abilities are great, so I always get a tasty, perfectly executed snack. 
Obviously this place is small with a limited, however fantastic, menu. It's no fancy pants woo-woo sushi joint where you need to wear your good shoes.  Come as you are - or do what I do. Stay home, in your weird pajamas, and wait for the very nice delivery guy to bring you your dinner.Tiny place, sullen sushi chefs. America's Got Talent inexplicably and inappropriately playing on an overhead TV throughout my meal. 
I ordered chirashi. The cuts of fish were cheapest quality, skimpy too, the presentation lacking creativity. There was a sliver of bone in one piece of fish, that lets me know the sushi chef is very inexperienced or completely doesn't care. Worst of all, in my opinion, the fish was room temperature, borderline warm. Ugh, no.
I ordered uni nigiri. It was overpriced and neither looked nor tasted fresh.
My waitress wasn't particularly friendly, but she was attentive and efficient. I was comfortable with her. Then, without explanation, she vanished toward the end of my meal, and a man utterly distracted by the TV dropped off my check, collected my payment, and only said thank you when it was time to return the receipt for me to sign. Tip time, of course.
Disappointing. No intention of returning.Sakura is great. Their lunch specials are great. For 7.95 you get 2 rolls, salad with awesome ginger dressing I usually lick out of the little cup when no one is watching, and miso soup. I`ve also had the salmon teriyaki lunch special (8.50), which comes with a bit of california roll, salad and soup, which is equally bangin`. They deliever to my job and the delivery driver is always pleasant. I thank Sakura for their consistency and for being the moment in my work day where I may ponder anything else besides work.Had some really awesome yaki udon.  Age tofu was well prepared as well.  4 stars minus one for how hot it was in thereThe food is pretty good, though I don't eat sushi so I can't comment on their main dishes. Lunch specials are a great price, so coupled with the convenient location I will definitely be back.Sakura serves some typical Japanese fare, including a variety of sushi, noodle soups, and stir fried noodles.  They have a ton of sushi options, which are good.  None of them really wow me but if you're going out for a nicely priced lunch I'd say go for it.  I'd certainly recommend the udon noodles over their sushi, as their nicely stir fried and come in three options: vegetables, chicken, or shrimp.It's kind of weird because I walk past 15th and Spring Garden often but rarely stop to look around.  I did not realize that there was a brick oven pizzeria on the corner and a little shop that looks like it has cute jewelry right next to Sakura.  It was like a nice little treat, but I digress...on to the food :)  I went to this little joint with my Aunt, and we were just going to grab a quick lunch.  She ordered the bento box, and I had the lunch special with 2 specialty rolls.  The ginger miso salad dressing was so delicious, and you get a salad and miso soup with each lunch order.  Everything was super fresh, and the servers were really friendly.  I will definitely visit again!!!I'm in love with the tempura here. Perfect fresh food is the definition of this place. Service was great. Prices were not to shabby. We will definitely be getting takeout from here one day.The service at Sakura is top notch. Every time I order, they have it to me within 25 minutes and the delivery guy is always nice and friendly. The sushi is great, I am still a Vic fan and always will be, but Sakura has become my go-to sushi delivery option. The fish is fresh and the rolls are hearty. Yum!So it's the Tuesday after a three-day weekend and that hangover you're nursing makes you hate life and work and everything else that isn't a soft bed in a dark room.  Well, lo and behold, while I was walking en route to that bed, I noticed that Sakura Japanese Cuisine had JUST opened that day and was running a grand opening special of 10% off your final bill.  
I was looking forward to this place opening now for weeks and figured that I should try to cash in on the offer and, also, sushi for me is like the ultimate in hangover food for some bizarre reason.  
Anyways, I ended up spending two hours stuffing my face with fresh, reasonably priced sushi. 
I'd recommend:
Hampton Roll (Tuna, avocado, mango & tempura)
Foxy Lady Roll (Spicy scallop, tempura, avocado, lobster & spicy sauce)
Crazy Tuna Roll- tuna tuna and tuna 
Keep in mind that most of these rolls are in the $10 range and are pretty substantial.  You could easily get two or three rolls and split them in a group, tapas style.
Oh, and did I mention that it's also a BYO?  I'm sooooo glad that this place just opened up in my neighborhood.I just got delivery so, will make this a quick one.
The chirashi was good, nothing amazing, but well priced and tasty for 10pm delivery on a week night.  No shellfish, just nice plump pieces of your run of the mill raw fish.
We also got every type of dumpling they had.  My shumai didn't really stand out but the others were definitely edible.
If close by or too drunk to go out, this place is definitely worth your time and effort.Fresh and friendly. I get sunshine roll (sweet shrimp) and hamachi (yellowtail) consistently and its super fresh and flavorful.Sakura is the new kid on a crowded block of pizza shops and take out food, but should hold firm for the foreseeable future.
I ordered take-out from here soon after the joint opened. I was surprised at the quality of the rolls for the price offered. I recommend the Shrimp and Asparagus roll, yum.
I was even more shocked to see the interior of this place. It's super clean, has a cool sushi bar to watch rolling, and adequate seating for a tiny place. I wouldn't thing twice about dining in with friends if the situation presented itself. The staff is really kind and makes you feel like they value your business.
Compared to the other Asian-themed food offerings in the neighborhood, I'd say Sakura has them beat.A+ for convenient location (across the street from where I work) but so-so as far as sushi goes. 
I like their ginger dressing salad but the dressing itself could be a little less watery. Their lunch special is a huge steal (if only they weren't limited to the simple rolls!!). Seating is pretty limited at peak eating hours because the place is so tiny (especially when a four-person table is taken by two people and they just keep lagging...). Their miso soup is good and always piping hot when I get it.
The only thing I wish they wouldn't so is pound their tuna, salmon, and yellowtail into a mush. The taste is more fresh and intense when you leave them as slices.This is a nice casual sushi joint where you can enjoy a nice, cool, cute lunch on a warm Sunday in July. The rolls are just as creative as anywhere, and the fish is fresh and delicious. 
Also, they've got canned Japanese green tea, which is pretty flippin' rad.I work around here and enjoy their sushi and udon soup.  It's clean and the staff is friendly and the food tastes fresh every time I've been there.  Their "salad" that comes with the lunch special is just cut up iceberg and carrots and it's not very good and I never eat it (but that's usually the case for all sushi restaurant salads so I won't hold it against Sakura personally) and the miso soup tastes like the powdered kind (but I often enjoy that I won't lie).  It's a good place if you work or live around here.My boyfriend is on a continual hunt to find "some sushi that is good, and cheap."  And by continual I mean we have this discussion a minimum of once a week.  To fulfill this search we have eaten at just about every sushi place in the city (regardless of the "cheap" aspect), and I am so glad to have found this place.  The food was great, the service was fast, and the prices were good.  
He lives in the art museum area, so it is additionally great to have this place within walking distance.  We now have both our neighborhoods covered: Vics for me and Sakura for him.  
I would have given it five stars, but the seaweed saled was not as good as other places around the city.  If you have room left at the end, the tempura-fried green-tea ice cream is delicious.i'm disappointed. i waited about an hour for an avocado roll that was kinda ehhhh...the sweet potato roll is much better but definitely not worth the money i spent. the driver made me walk out to the street, didn't get out of the car. i understand if you're on a busy street and there's no parking available, but he could have just pulled up right in front of my house. lazy. on top of that he seemed pretty perturbed that i didn't want to give him a good tip. won't be ordering from this place again.This is the best local sushi spot in the 'greater fairmount' area.
Small, family owned, and delicious.
Order anything with spicy tuna: spicy tuna tartar, spicy tuna roll, spicy tuna ice cream :o
Sushi + Sashimi for 2 is the way to go.
Taste: 4.5
Service: 5.0
Decor: 4.0Good in price, waitress was very helpful! I loved the sushi.I'm not a sushi snob. I asked the sushi chef what's good and he said the Yellowtail. He was right. I also got my usual spicy tuna roll and I ventured for the Mexican roll (crunchy spicy tuna topped with crunchy spicy salmon). Both had too much mayo. Also, come to think of it, he made the spicy tuna roll crunchy which I didn't ask for but upon writing this I remember thinking to myself while I was in my feeding frenzy too much crunchy flakes. Also, the tea I ordered smelled like dish soap. While I applaud the sanitation I fear for my bowels later. The waitress was very friendly. She even hooked me up with a free piece of sushi that she called a sushi muffin. It looked neat but was covered in mayo. I'm noticing a trend with the mayo here. I've never experienced that at a Japanese spot. Maybe because I'm a fat American they assumed I like lots of mayo. Wrong! But I'm not mad at them. They did me right. If I had to complain more I'd say the wasabi lacked the kick that I'm used to. I'd give this place a C-Love Sakura!  This is our go-to when we are indecisive about what to order; Sakura is always our default!  We'll also go here for date night - it's BYO and the waitress knows us, so that's always a plus.  The spicy tuna is to die for!Not the best sushi I ever had, but i I was in the area I'd be ok to come a bite here. I had the christmas roll, spicy tuna roll, and shrimp tempura roll. The prices are a little more than what I usually see, but this is close to the city so the taxes must be high. I really liked the christmas roll, there was a good amount of fish wrapped on the outside and the avocado was pretty fresh. The fish however is just ok, I've had better. I didn't like the shrimp tempura roll though, it was drenched in I guess soysauce and isn't what I am used to eating. The pieces are big though i you are looking for something filling. The spicy tuna had nothing special. The fish is just ok quality. Overall meal was not bad, if you are around the area and want sushi, go or it.Got sushi platter for two for ~$50. They definitely give you thick slices of sashimi, but when the sashimi is not fresh, it's the nastiest thing in the world. Their speciality rolls are filled with large amount of vegetables and very little fish. Not worth the price tag at all.Pretty mediocre, only gave them 3 because they gave us a free dessert at the end to make up for shoddy service. I ordered sushi, my girlfriend ordered teriyaki chicken which was supposed to come with miso soup. My sushi came out first of course, which would have been okay if they'd brought her soup out at the same time, but they forgot to bring it until I was almost done my dinner! The sushi was way too cold, practically frozen. Her chicken came out after I was done my dinner, and she complained there was hardly any sauce on it. Oh and at one point they came to refill our tea, but had not steeped the tea more than five seconds so basically poured us hot water. They were quick to notice the mistake though and corrected it. To make amends they brought us a nice dessert (fried bananas and chocolate ice cream) on the house, which is why I'm giving them 3 stars and not 2.I've tried a LOT of different sushi places in Philadelphia. Being from Jersey, I always found it disappointing that Philly didn't have more all you can eat places. 
But whenever I've ordered delivery from Sakura, it's reasonably priced and it tastes super fresh. Gauge of really good sushi are low levels of fishy taste. There's a particular fresh flavor that sushi aficionados will recognize, and every time I order from Sakura it is very fresh. 
Dinner 3 Roll Special is only $13.50 and is very filling. 
I've tried Morimoto, bleu sushi, etc. this place is by far the freshest and most consistent!Not too bad. Their spicy tuna rolls are really good. Also tried the pork dumplings which were great as wellThis place satisfied a quick fix for some miso soup, veggie hibachi(the zucchini was overcooked and was thickly cut and watery), and I had to try the salad dressing from the previous review. The dressing is good-but I wonder if it is homemade as the teriyaki sauce seemed out of a bottle and then watered down and heated. Maybe the sushi itself is good and fresh...It's a darling spot and I enjoyed the quaintness of it. In my opinion I think the food needs a boost of something and it would be that much better.If my fiancé and I had to choose a favorite food, it's sushi. He was on his way back from Cleveland, and I knew that after an 8 hour drive in a cramped car, he would seriously love to come home to a sushi dinner. My day of yoga over, I walked from UCity over to Sakura Japanese Cuisine to indulge his stomach and my desire to try a new place (and keep my reviews coming - totally unselfish of me ;D ). Sakura is teeny tiny, just a handful of tables (mostly doubles) with a four chair sushi bar. I quickly placed my order, and the host generously offered me an order of edamame on the house! The sushi was prepared very quickly, and after barely 5 minutes I was on my way home with my bounty.
When he got home, he found a spread of four maki rolls, spicy white tuna, spicy scallop, spicy salmon, and yellowtail scallion, with their tuna tartar. The maki rolls are 6 pieces, but the size of each piece is quite large and packed with filling. My first bite of the spicy white tuna revealed that they mince the raw fish into teeny tiny pieces so it's nearly mushy in texture - something that I don't like for a few reasons. First, I couldn't tell the difference between the white tuna and the scallop because tiny white pieces of raw seafood flesh look exactly alike! Also, it makes the tartar less appetizing both visually and texturally, although it tasted great and quite fresh. The fish definitely tastes fresh in all of the rolls. I also didn't' care for the crunchy added to the spicy rolls since the small fish pieces are very liberally mixed in with it, so it just seems like I'm getting less fish. The free edamame was awesome, and very nice of them, though there's nothing special about it.It's good sushi, but those little nitpicky things will make it less likely that we'll repeat, except for MAYBE one more time to give a special roll or two a chance.I can't tell you how long I have waited for a sushi place in this area.  Given that, the place is actually pretty good.  The sushi is fresh and decently priced.  I got the sakura roll which was huge and had 4 different kinds of fish in the center.  My favorite is the philly roll with smoked salmon, cream cheese, and avocado.  It's take out and eat in, although the dinning room is pretty small.  Overall a great place.Usually they are pretty good for the price (i usually get sashimi) , but the other day I ordered the Godzilla roll...oh my god it was so gross I couldn't eat after the first bite. That was the worst Godzilla roll I have ever had.I have ordered delivery from Sakura a few times. It is not horrible, but is not that good.
The most disappointing item I have ordered is the vegetable tempura. I don't think that their tempura could even be classified as tempura! Tempura batter is supposed to be light and flaky. But this tempura had a heavy, thick coat that was really gross. I did like the gyoza I ordered once though.
I don't think I will be ordering delivery from Sakura much in the future. I may occasionally order though because I sometimes need to break out of my usual places to order-in from.The fish is so fresh and perfect, the servers and sushi chef are so nice, and the place is cute! They gave us a free app last night, and although I have no idea what it was, it was delicious. They chatted with the two of us about Japan and different kinds of sushi fish while we took our time finishing our bottle of wine. I'll definitely be back many times.This is a hole in the wall sushi bar. The sushi was good and fresh but if you're looking for a fancy upscale sushi place this is not the place for you. 
I ordered the Wasabi pepper tuna - first time I've had tuna and it was good but not for me. Some people love this though so give it a shot if you like tuna. 
I had the garden salad with ginger dressing, everything I imagined it would be. I had a cucumber avocado roll.. good and fresh. I tried the spicy tuna roll, it had some crunch to it, I liked it.After first walking by several times because the outside is not very inviting I finally caved and glad that i did....Sakura has become one of my favorite lunch spots! The Lunch Specials are so inexpensive and the food is great...2 or 3 rolls plus soup and salad....i always get the 2 roll special because with the soup and salad that is a lot for lunch...going there often i have tried most of the rolls...although i wouldn't really recommend to dine in for dinner...for lunch or take out this place is great!!!Decent sushi option in the N. Broad/Spring Garden area. I had a lunch special- two rolls plus miso soup& salad.
The decor was new and welcoming and I noticed several business people enjoying lunch while I waited for my carryout. Good lunch option, as they were fast and friendly with the order.
Themselves food itself was again, decent.  I ordered a salmon& avacado roll, tuna& cucumber roll as part of the lunch special l. Tuna looked a little dark, but tasted good, while salmon roll was solid.
Great new lunch option in an otherwise spotty area of town for lighter fare options.Pretty good, not amazing. The shrimp tempura roll had a sweet sauce, which was weird. My biggest issue was the delivery guy barely stopped the car. He called before he got there, then had me pick up the food through the window off the passenger seat. I expect you to at least pull over to deliver my food, especially when there is a delivery charge!Mediocre at best. I got the sushi lunch special. The sushi itself tasted fine but not great. The California roll was rolled poorly and had almost no imitation crab and avocado in it. The miso soup tasted like water and, as it is such an easy and inexpensive soup to make, there is no excuse for this. It had basically no tofu or seaweed in it either. 
It's $11 for the special so I didn't have especially high expectations but it was the little things that ended up bothering me.Really really good quality sushi at one of the best prices around. This place is extremely tiny but has just great sushi that you wouldn't expect from such a hole in the wall restaurant. I've been here 3 or 4 times service has always been quick and pleasant. Also the best Ginger dressing around I've eaten at a ton of sushi places and no where has ginger dressing as good as Sakura's.Did a pick up for lunch. Was originally planning on just walking in and getting a menu, but I can never just do that, so I ended up ordering a shrimp tempura roll and a small miso soup. Came up to $8.10. 
The roll was okay, and since it was $5.50 I won't complain about it being only 5 pieces. It was filling, but nothing amazing. The miso soup however was wack. It was watery, the chunks of tofu and pieces of seaweed were pitiful, and it was a big disappointment. 
The place is nice and it would probably be somewhere for a solid date (since it's byob), but I wasn't too impressed. Especially because the woman didn't even suggest the lunch roll special which would have been cheaper and had one more roll. But I'll give them another chance another day when I'm craving Japanese food.Solid sushi option that delivers (with $10 minimum) and has reasonable lunch specials.  I got the Chirashi for lunch with shellfish swapped out - the fish was fresh, but the generosity of the portions varied (nice sized salmon, but skinny yellowtail pieces).  Included were the Miso soup (standard) and Salad (fresh lettuce and tasty ginger dressing).  I will order again, but probably try the rolls rather than the Chirashi.Okay I'm a bit of a sushi snob. I openly admit this which is why I'm only giving Sakura 2 stars. I mean, if you're looking for a quick bite of sushi during lunch, Sakura is acceptable. They have a good lunch special - 3 rolls (selective options, of course), a cup of miso soup and a small salad with ginger dressing for $12 (includes tax). This is extremely filling, but let me tell you that I could not tell the difference between the spicy tuna roll, the spicy salmon roll and the spicy whitefish tuna roll that I got. If the quality of the fish is high, a person should be able to tell. I want to give Sakura props for at least putting a lot of raw fish in the rolls; however, the ratio of fish to rice was totally off. For the first time ever, I'm actually saying that there was not enough rice. Also, there was not enough vinegar used while prepping the rice. 
Since this is across from where I work, I will go there again for lunch because of the convenience. Next time I will try some of the specialty rolls to see if there is a quality difference.Good and cheap sushi. Great for a quick bite or sit-down. I went for dinner and thought it was going to be pretty pricey, but it was affordable and worth it. It's a hidden gem in the city of big names and over-priced sushi.Took an hour to deliver , food was rubbish . Cold flavorless and forgot the sauces they charged a few dollars for ..This is my favorite sushi place in the fairmount area, location playing a huge role, but the lunch special is fantastic and another huge reason I give them 4 stars.
I've eaten in with friends here, had take out, and ate at the bar by myself as a late lunch. I've enjoyed the sushi every time. The ginger dressing for the salad is amazing too.
And the host is so pleasant.
Only downfalls and reason for 4 stars is... the music... Often very loud causing to speak pretty loud.  As well as the size, make sure you call ahead around busy meals times, at most the place fits 16.Lunch special including 12 pieces of sushi, miso soup, and salad for $8.50 provides a very filling lunch! Quality sushi and good service.This is your Anytown USA small sushi shop. Best suited for lunch or a no frills dinner, Sakura was a safe bet on a trip up to Spring Garden.
You know the KFC mashed potato bowl that's layered with mashed potatoes, gravy, crispy chicken and cardiac defibrillators to restart your heart? The Autumn roll, with spicy tuna, panko, salmon, mango, and chef's sauce is a little like that, but in a good way. I think. There are a lot of flavors going on and the inclusion of mango is only a rumor while it fights through the heavy chef's sauce for a place on your palate.
Before landing on my plate, the pork dumplings were probably last seen in a grocery store freezer. The pork was bland and the seams even had a plastic feel in their consistency. When "plastic" comes to mind to describe the food and not the payment, it's better left off the menu. 
Our waitress was sweet, but poured our wine like a frat boy pours a Franzia for a freshman girl. She filled it to the top of our glasses to kick the bottle and changed our quick dinner idea to a lingering, red-toothed affair. But in a good way, I think.We were really in the mood for a sushi lunch yesterday, but little did we know that finding an open sushi restaurant would be as difficult as it was. After much Googling, Yelping, and calling, we finally found Sakura.
We got two miso soups, three salads (two with avocado), the sushi lunch (four pieces of sashimi and a California roll), a spicy tuna roll, and a Philly roll for $28.00. I think that's a pretty damn good deal.
The food was delish. This is a very tiny place that you could easily overlook, but they know how to make some sushi!
Would return!Only complaint is that I asked for brown rice instead of white on my rolls. This would have annoyed me more, but I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the rolls. I got the 2 roll lunch special with spicy tuna and philadelphia rolls. The special is $8.95 and comes with miso soup AND a side salad. Pretty good deal if you ask me!Love it here! Tea is delicious and a variety of rolls are available at affordable prices. I've never had one I don't like.
The eel avocado is my go to. Mexican roll was almost as good as a taco!!This is one of my favorite sushi places in the city.  The sushi is fresh and they don't overload the rolls with too much rice.  The servers are also very nice.  I love their bangin' lunch special..3 rolls, soup, salad for like $13.  That's what I'm talkin' about!  Although it says on grubhub that they don't deliver they most certainly do.  I live in Rittenhouse and used to have to haul ass the whole way over there to pick up my sushi and when I asked if they could hook a sister up, they said that they delivered.  You live and you learn!Sakura is DELICIOUS. They're relatively inexpensive, and deliver quickly. When we place an order for pickup, even if we're five minutes away, our order is always ready when we get there. 
The spicy tuna rolls are perfectly spicy, and the rolls with mango in them are awesome. I'm a big fan of the seaweed salad and miso soup too. 
For a bumbling midwesterner, this is one of the only sushi places in the city that doesn't seem pretentious. It's ok with them that I don't know a lot about what I'm ordering, and they do their best to explain the rolls and recommend what I might like. Hooray!This is the BEST sushi I have had.  I basically make a stop her once a week. The lunch specials are amazing.  The prices are very affordable for high quality product.One of a few local sushi dens that will deliver to me, so I've tried them out a few times.  I've consistently been impressed with their rolls, and i love their seaweed salad (with cucumber in it!), but the tuna and salmon sashimi were completely devoid of taste.  Maybe it was bad batch of fish or something, but it was disappointing.  Despite that, Sakura is still a pretty good dinner choice overall.  I ordered through grubhub and the delivery was quick and accurate - and that alone is worth at least a couple of stars!Salmon tempura was good. The 'Incredible roll' not so much. The crab salad topping was a few strings of crabmeat in some kind of gelatin.Two polar opposite experiences here. 
First time around I went for the sashimi lunch special and was not impressed. The fish did not taste fresh and the bed of rice was dry. I will say I did enjoy the soup it came with but the salad is very blah, just an after thought toss in for he lunch special.
Fast forward a couple weeks and I decide to give Sakura another chance, and they totally redeem themselves! 3 roll lunch special was to die for. The spicy tuna melted in my mouth, the philadelphia roll has just the right amount of cream cheese and the yellow tail avocado like the other two was super FRESH. I will say the salad is just what it is, some lettuce with the standard dressing but it makes for a nice palate cleanser. The soup was consistent and has a great flavor base.
Sakura is also on Grubhub for easy ordering which I will be taking advantage of again soon!Sakura is hardly the best sushi I've had.  It's not even the best sushi in Philadelphia.  But for the price and convenience, it's hard to do much better.  When I moved to Philadelphia, the Fairmount/Spring Garden area really only had Doma and Umai.  Both places are delicious, but they are pricey and are better for special occasions (at least on my budget).  However, when Sakura opened I finally found a decent sushi place that I could rely on for takeout and delivery.  
After a long day of studying at the library, I often find myself coming here as a way to treat myself.  I am truly appreciative that I have a place like that.  In addition, their lunch specials are great.  I think 3 rolls is about $12-13, and it comes with soup and salad.  Really not a bad deal.
I personally love their spicy salmon roll, which has the perfect amount of flavor and crunch.  My biggest gripe with this place is that the Yellowtail is inconsistent.  Sometimes it is incredible--fresh beyond belief, mealy, and delicious.  Other times it is bland and you can tell it's not super fresh.  However, it has not been enough to keep me away from this place, and I strongly recommend it for reasonably-priced take out.I was pleasantly surprised by this place, from the outside you might expect a chinese food take out ambiance, but it was anything but.  It was well decorated, and the food was great.  The menu is pretty extensive and they have a lot of interesting rolls, not too mention this place is cheap!  Its a BYOB, they deliver, and take credit cards.  I will go back again!