My hubby and I have been heading to this bar almost every Friday for two years now. The friendships we have made with Danny, Fergus, Neil, Everton, and Karrie mean so much to us. We look forward to seeing them, catching up and having some good laughs. They also just happen to make the best drinks in the city and the atmosphere is authentic and fun. Great food (MUST get Truffle Fries) although I do wish there were more vegetarian/vegan options. Hint Hint Owen! :-)Masterful cocktails, knowledgable and FRIENDLY staff, terrific food and you can't beat the laid back vibe in what can be a raucous area of Old City. A locals fav.The best of the best for cocktails. Yummy snacks. Ladies bathroom is plush, big enough for a private party. Absolutely love the early 20th century Parisian/Euro vibe of this place. Old tiles, old tin ceiling, gorgeous dilapidated feeling. You will feel regal and at home at the same time in this place. Enjoy!This place came high recommended! I finally  made it in after sushi over at Uzu and what a lovely surprise.  I love all the original wood bar and tile throughout - the vibe of the music and old timey drinks.  This place is an experience - great for a date. Really delicious cocktails - will have to try the food next time!I'm a big fan of the Sass.  Great food, great beers, friendly service in the olde historic Philly.Went here early on a Saturday night. Bartenders were amiable and poured a good gin martini. One of the owners, Neil, was super friendly and even attempted to make one of my homegrown cocktails: a Hendricks/ginger beer infusion. I had a salad as I was still full from a fantastic brunch and it was good. All in all a good experience. Nothing really to brag about but I'll definitely be back when I'm in the mood for a classic cocktail.Wondering thru the local streets of Philly and my buddies brought me here to try an absinthe cocktail. In a word awesome. Thanks guys!!!Great little bar w/ food. Loved the intimate nighttime vibe of low-lighting and candles at the tables. Very chill and relaxing vibe, and good selection of tunes in the background.
A small but tasty and unique menu. Same goes for the draft beer list - small but a nice unique selection. The staff was fantastic. I would be here all the time if I lived here.This is a cute place to hang out and eat.  The ambiance was warm and cozy.  The food was decent, but in my opinion, a little on the bland side.  I had the carbonara, and I've definitely had a lot better around the same price range.  With that said, the food was still good and the service was good.I love the music at Sass on the week nights. ITs a great romantic getaway that changes up the typical happy hour feel. Even if you're not hitched up, it's a classy yet relaxing vibe. Definitely reminiscent of the prohibition era. But damn, is it pricey!Fantastic little tucked away cocktail bar with amazing music and what looks to be a wonderful food menu.A great bar. I enjoyed the good beer and the music a lot. The best in the old city. I found an amazing woman  called Jennifer, she is green-eyed and svelte. and since then i have been looking for her. I would do anything to find her. And will be thankful for anyone who could help from the staff of the bar. She is a constant client.
oussamalaifi@gmail.comThe ambiance, the people and the bartenders are the reasons I go back. The ambiance there is very relaxed and comfortable. You feel at home when you walk in. The people that go to this bar are very friendly so if you like meeting new people, this is the place. The bartenders know all the drinks too. Great bar!My wife and I love this place--whenever we're down there to catch a movie and every other place is overflowing with people, we can almost always get a quiet table in Sassafras by the fire place.  Great beer selection--even more so considering what bars surround it.Exceptional food at reasonable prices, especially the lunch specials: e.g. Lobster roll with salad or fries for $5.95. Excellent friendly waitstaff. Beautiful old interior with tile floors and wainscoting, wood panelling, fireplace, pressed tin ceiling. Recorded and live jazz. Altogether, one of, if not the, best bar/restaurants in Old City.Awesome spot for lunch. This cozy little spot on second will keep you coming back for more. I recommend getting the bison burger with the works!!in a city full of uninspired irish pubs, expensive speakeasies, and raucous clubs, sassafras is a chill, awesome alternative. it reminds me of all of my favorite bars in new Orleans. the bartenders are great, and the ambience makes me feel like i'm not in philly, which is blissful.
the ladies bathroom is unreal. did you ask for a fainting couch in there? well, you're in luck...you got one.I came here on a date night, really enjoyed this place,the ambiance, the physical plant, the bartender Carl couldn't have been more attentive and on point especially when it was busy at times. I loved the old fashioned he made and can't say I've ever had a better one! Thanks to the band and customer service I'll be back again ...maybe for a ladies night!This is the best bar in Philadelphia. Amazing service. Amazing drink selection. Amazing food. Amazing ambience. Danny during the day - guy is a legend. And Karl and Neil on weekends - classy, excellent bartenders. If you come to Old City but don't stop in, you've done yourself a disservice.I randomly found this place on yelp because my mom wanted a burger and sweet potato fries and she was not disappointed. When we got there Everton was by himself tending to the bar and taking the food orders so he did a really good job juggling bartender and server at the same time. He was really nice and sounded like he new everything about every single liquor ever made. The sirloin burger was huge so I was able to eat 1/2 of it and it was amazing! It was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. The patty was seasoned really well, so well that I actually forgot to put ketchup on it because it was so good. I actually ordered the Gruyere and ham perogies which were good but they could've definitely used some more filling in them. The lobster bisque and grilled cheese were delicious too. The burger was my favorite, then the Lobster bisque/grilled cheese combo and third the Gruyere & ham perogies. If I come here again I'll order the Sirloin burger or I might even try the Ostrich, Bison or Lamb burger. The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is because the food took 35 plus minutes to come out. The womens bathroom upstairs is also one of the cleanest, coolest and spacious bathrooms I've ever been to.The best bar in Philly, hands down. Neill and Feargus makes the best drinks and keeps this historical and multi-dimensional place warm and classy. Always my bar-away-from-home. If you don't have a reason to visit Philly, make this it. You won't regret it.Best Fish and Chips in Old Town. Consistent and friendly service. Good drink selection. Fair pricing. Very happy to come back again and again!Great bar and wonderful service. Bar staff was friendly and professional. Loved the mellow atmosphere and lack of douch baggery that is common amongst Old City bars.Great atmosphere and Danny and Feargus are awesome. Snow & Tell Scotch Ale is awesome and the spaghetti and meatballs smell heartwarming on a 28 degree day during the biggest snowfall of the year. Recommended All Stars!Best bar in the city, bar none. Great food, great drinks excellent service! The atmosphere is fabulously anachronistic. It harkens back to more sophisticated times. Live jazz music contributes to the wonderful ambiance. Whether you like a perfectly poured Guinness, a classic martini or a flaming absinthe, you won't be disappointed. All the bartenders are serious professionals. Love, love, love this place!Love the music at Sassafras!  Live jazz with duo and trios generally.  I'd give it 5 stars for the music.   I've enjoyed every night of music that I've gone to and many different groups play.   Haven't eaten there though and prefer the weeknights as it isn't as crowded.  The atmosphere is warm and intimate.  The staff is friendly, professional and attentive.Found this place while heading somewhere else. The food was great and bar has a good selection. Will definitely go back.This place is saturated with soul. Walking in, you get a vibe of an apothecary from the turn of the century which ding ding ding - it used to be! Got some historical factoids from the bartender- the paintings on the wall of ladies with their Décolletage (place was a brother back in the day! Paintings are original per staff) Then was briefly a speakeasy. our bartender Keri was attentive and knowledgeable, setting me and my girlfriend up with some solid fire drinks tailored to our respective preferences and mood. I got a vodka based drink with a splash of champagne and lime and other subtleties that the hostess mixologist K dashed in; its effervescence and citrus flavor really appealed to me in this spring season that's been dominated by heavy rainy days. Babe got tequila based drinks that she jived with; jalapeño palomino rendering as well as a grapefruit splashed character. Honestly I am a hard sell for good cocktail bars as too many in this city come off as try hard overly complicated, stuffy and expensive (not to name names.) This place has some lovely grit to its elegance and delivers what every bar should aspire to be. Will return it in the neighborhood and I encourage you reading this to give it a go as well.Holy cow! The ostrich burger and sweet potato fries were great. Excellent and unique beer selection. I recommend getting a seat by the fireplace. Red drapes.Never a good sign when a waiter can't really recommend anything on the menu.  Very disappointed.  I can't believe this place is this highly rated.  For starters the burger was a wild let down - bland and very overcooked.  Not to mention it took over an hour for it to make it to the table.  Fish and chips were fine; nothing great.  Fries were soggy.
This place is staffed by only bartender/waiters.  They're working their butts off.  However, it seems very understaffed.  Took forever to get drinks, get our order in, and finally for the food to come out.  They need more staff in front and back.
There are better choices in old city.Watched football here on Saturday afternoon. Fairly quiet so service at the bar was personal and quick. Well curated tap list. Bartender was totally willing about adjusting eve to our desired game. We snacked on the cheese plate. The four slices of Irish cheddar were nicely sharp but not too harsh. The toasted bread pieces were mushy and tasteless. The jam tasted like smuckers with nothing special about it. Seeded mustard was ok. No nuts on plate as indicated on menu. Disappointing for $8. The atmosphere is laid back and charming with original tin ceiling and classy sprawling ladies room. Would return, given the friendly bartender. Hoping for more attention to appetizers for us bar flies.Went here last night for drinks for the first time. Looking for a nice bar in the Old City area after catching a movie. We were rather discouraged by all the bachelorette parties and the like going on at many of the bars. Enter Sassafras. 
A small, intimate bar. Very nicely decorated with a vintage feel. Very well stocked bar. We didn't get food, so I can't comment on that. Still, it was a perfect place for a couple drinks with my boyfriend to round out a relaxing date night. I got a specialty drink called St Rick that contained Hendrick's Gin, St Germain, lime, cucumber, and basil. So yummy I had two. My boyfriend had a dirty martini, good, and a Manhattan that he enjoyed. Server was friendly and prompt. Oh and the background music selection was perfect!
Prices are fair, but these are still $10+ drinks. Still, we will return.A few locals introduced me to their favorite bar in the area. I suggest letting the bar tender choose your drink for you and definitely check out the unique paintings in the ladies room :)Classy establishment. No frills. Old school look to it. Bartenders are pleasant and knowledgeable. Great wine selection as well especially for a place not defining itself as such. A step outside of the douchery that can be old city.This place has a few unique things, but I'd highly recommend the drink called Saint or Sinner. Made with bitters formulated by a licensed herbalist and sommelier. Delicious drinking.Just ok. Had the Moscow mule to drink but did not like the vanilla vodka. Too much. Had the fish and chips. French fries good but the fish was lots of breading not much fish. Service was ok.This is a really cool bar and restaurant. I would never be surprised to see a 1920s gangster come out of the restroom. The place plays smooth jazz, TV is on but not a focus, and the atmosphere is really cool. 
Starting with beer, the list is small but there's always good beer options. It rotates regularly. We know we could have something we haven't had before. 
As far as food, everything I've had is delicious. Both the burger and the veggie burger are delicious. The fries are great and the serving size is just right so we don't feel gross. 
The service is always excellent and knowledgable. The bartenders are friendly and for two years, I've seen the same bartenders which is probably why the patrons at the bar are always interesting and friendly. Makes for a really good evening.I'm new to the neighborhood and to celebrate my move, my friends and I hopped about last night sampling drinks and small plates. Sassafras Bar was by far our favorite of the evening. The bartender made wonderful whiskey sours old school style, and the best Moscow mule any of us had ever had (made with Franklin Fountain ginger beer). The froth on my whiskey sour was laced with red wine - v unusual. 
We snacked on wonderful truffle frites and deviled eggs, both of which I highly recommend.
The ambiance is sexy and vintage, with very dim lighting, a classic wood and mirrored bar, original mantel, and low wooden booths with fresh lillies on the tables. I hear they have jazz some nights, but I really have no clue where the band would really fit because the place is so narrow and intimate. If I ever have a love interest I want to take out in the neighborhood for a sultry but casual late night drink, I'm bringing them to Sassafras.Came here the other day with my fiance and we were starving but we didn't get anything to drink. I got a burger and my fiance got a chicken sandwich. First off, the waiter was awesome!!! He was the bartender I think but he was so friendly and just nice all around. Even if the food had been terrible (which it wasn't), I would come back for drinks just because of our waiter. When we got the food, it was pretty good. It wasn't rock my pants amazing but it wasn't bad either-just your typical burger and I liked that I could get bison meat instead of the typical ground meat selection. My finace liked his sandwich too and though it was pretty good as well. Great restaurant though and will be back for drinks again.I've walked past Sassafras at least a hundred times and assumed that it was just another 2nd Street mediocre bar (there are many).
My wife and I were both having our hair done down the street and were looking for a nice place for a light dinner and cocktails, thanks to Yelp we found Sassafras.
Very intimate decor and a noticeable lack of loud/drunk patrons. A duo was playing jazz by the window while we enjoyed a nice glass of Pinot Noir. My wife had the steak frites, while I nibbled on some wings and deviled eggs. All were delicious. Sitting at the bar we both commented on the great care they were crafting cocktails (will try next time). The tremendous service from our Irish bartender was the icing on the cake!...loved the name, so I randomly dropped in. Ended up sitting next to a guy who returned from a visit earlier in the evening...great conversation ensued. Add an awesome bartender, another random regular, and a nice selection of white wine: Win-Win. 
See you guys soon :-)One of Philly's best. One of the great things about Sassafras is the fact that it's rarely crowded. We often pop in for a cocktail late on a Saturday night and rarely have an issue getting a seat (which is really saying something since it's nestled in the middle of party-central). The vibe and decor feels like you stepped back in time and walked into a speakeasy. The bartenders are highly talented mixologists who make every drink like it's the most important thing they've done all night - does that make service a tad slow? perhaps, but the quality of the drink far outweighs the wait. (If you like bloody mary's, you need to get one from here!)So cute! I usually stay away from Old City after dark but yesterday me and my friend stopped by Sassafras fro some after dinner drinks and I loved it!
We got a seat at the bar and ordered from their specialty cocktail menu. I loved the atmosphere. There were 2 younger guys playing music (sax and the guitar). It made me feel like I was in a 40s era bar. The bartenders were also super nice. 
I'll definitely be coming back tot try to food next time.Great burgers, good beer selection on tap, friendly waitstaff and cozy atmosphere!
My only complaint is that stairway to the women's bathroom is a little windy & intimidating after a few beers..other than that it was great!Through the door sits an ecclectic almost historic bar, celing, walls and floor that makes you feel like you just stepped back to pre-proabition times.  The owner sits at the head of the bar reading the paper and smoking, not mush lately, like an all seeing eye that keeps tabs on the flow of business.  The burger is still hands down my favorite in the city and I've had Rouge and Barclay Prime's.  Good beer selection and a place to hang in old city without the crowd.  What sucks is I always want a friggin burger there for lunch and they're never open.I love this bar, even if only for the fact that my co-workers and I used to go here late night after we got out of work. The music is usually good, the food isn't bad, the beer selection is decent, and the bar is small (and usually half empty). Which probably explains why I like it so much, especially compared to every other annoying bar on 2nd St.
If you're trying to find some place to duck out and hide but still have a few drinks and be able to carry on a conversation, you can't do better in Old City than Sassafras.Rather than take up your time by waxing redundant, let me refer you to the other five-star reviews below.  To those remarks I'll only add that, to my perhaps limited knowledge, Sassafras is like no other place in Old City, or Philadelphia for that matter.  Further, as a bi-city dude who spends half my time in NYC (and as a Yelper who shivers with pleasure at the prospect of writing a bad review of anything), I can safely say that this is one of the warmest, most interesting, most authentic, most amiably presented neighborhood bars I've encountered in either city, ever.  From the sharp, friendly bartenders to the beer selection to the lighting to the fireplace to the typically-appropriately-volumed music to the special musical guests on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, to the fantastic burgers, chicken santos sandwich, Mongolian dumplings and other well-executed basic dishes, to the gorgeous eclectic musical taste of the bartenders themselves--this place quietly, beautifully rocks.  And those Irish accents just cinch the deal (I know, I know, sorry, can't help it).  My friends and I are engaged in a conspiracy of patronage.  We want to keep this place around for a long, long time (though luckily, and not surprisingly, it seems to be doing just fine without our help).  Note that the ownership changed a couple of years ago, so earlier, less favorable reviews may not be reliable.  Just go, and if you love it (as you are likely to), go, and go again!  Sassafras, thanks for being Sassafras.We were just walking down the street and this place caught our eye. This was the best bar in Philly. The bartenders know how to make great cocktails and pay very particular attention to the drinks they are making. A true skill i have rarely seen. This place made the best old fashioned I have ever had. A must try.Sat at the Bar Halloween weekend. The Bartenders were exactly what you expect friendly, quick with a pour and interesting to boot! This midwestern girl felt right at home! Reading the other reviews I kinda wish I would have had a bite to eat.. ah well next trip.Live jazz can't be better. A bartender from Ireland and the best company ever.   I have never been here before, but the guy who introduced me to it was spot on. I can't decide what is better, the food, drinks or the guy who looks much better in person than his profile picturesSeriously, you can read my reviews and I totally haven't said this anywhere else. THIS is my favorite bar in Philadelphia. Hands down. I don't feel like I need to go into detail here. It's truly amazing. The intelligent Irish gents behind the bar, the cozy, timeless atmosphere, and perfect food make for a fantastic visit every time.Decent atmosphere, efficient bartenders, sometimes music, and acceptable prices combine to make this place probably the best chill bar in the old neighborhood.This place is fantastic! Came here for late dinner and the pomegranate martini was delicious! This is a hidden gem in old city!My favorite cocktail bar in the city? It might just be. 
Love the speakeasy feel but not actually a speakeasy. You can normally grab a spot at the bar, you might just need to wait. Everything on the menu is awesome - highly recommend the Muel. 
Love that they write out the credit card slips.
Easy date night: Han Dynasty for dinner, sassafras after (although I do this with friends)Went to Sassafras the last time I was in town and it was a great, quiet bar.  Nice ambience, good beer selection, and a chill atmosphere.This place is like stepping back in time...which I love. Old bar,old music,and old decor. It was early so the barkeep was the server too. Service was good. The food...was just ok. I ordered the special; sirloin burger and fries. Asked for medium and got well done. The size is good for a lunch portion but not good if you are hungry. I'd give this 3  1/2 stars.The lamb burger here is so good that it can turn into an addiction.  Seriously.  The meat is juicy and flavorful, and the brie and sauteed onions complement it perfectly.  I have also had the same burger with bechamel and mushrooms, and that was a delicious combination, as well.  In fact, the possibilities are almost endless if you take into consideration the choice of meat (veggie, beef, ostritch, lamb, bison), cheeses, sauces (rec. the bechamel and bordelaise, if you get the sirloin), and toppings.  The burgers are even good the next day (I always get one to bring for lunch if I or a family member is in the area)!  Plus, I really like that they can give you a salad instead of fries because they have a great honey mustard dressing.  My lamb burger and salad lunch today definitely made the workday bearable and seem shorter.Stopped in twice during my quick weekend trip to Philly. I like the relaxed old-school vibe of Sassfras. On night one, the sign outside featuring lavender champagne lured us in. We were definitely not disappointed. They were some kind of delicious! So much so we came back with friends the next day after brunch. The service was OK on Friday night, but wonderful on Saturday afternoon. Worth a try if you're in the area!I just went to Sassafras last weekend and loved it! There are no words that can describe the bartender besides maybe the sweetest man on the planet. The Moscow Mule I got was the best one I've ever had - with ginger beer in it mmmm... Loved the atmosphere with fun jazzy music!  Four stars because the food wasn't the best... the pierogis (sp?) and fried pickles were semi bland, though I did love the onions inside the pierogis. Super cute bar to take my mom in before her 1920s wedding this summer. I'd go back JUST to be at that bartenders bar - such a nice, genuine guy.Really I have never had anything but a great time here...great food, great service, great drinks, great crowd...and a couple times there's been live music - just a perfect setting. 
The seating is rather limited in maybe 15 bar seats and 6 or so tables...there is some standing room as well. But I have always found a place to sit when I have come in here. It feels so authentic inside and the deer with a top hat above the bar really set's the mood. There is a quaint fireplace and you just have such a great old feeling inside. 
The bartenders are always always GREAT and my favorite is that when you order a Guinness they actually put the shamrock on the top! Bonus points for that...it's in the details you know. 
They have a ton of burger options...Bison, Ostrich, Beef, and a could others and they come out perfect, and their sweet potato fries are also delicious, with yummy dipping sauces. 
They have a great mixed drink menu, good beer selection and a good wine selection too.great atmosphere!!! there was a little live music, i was so happy i went there, food and drinks were awesome. Had the steak sandwich w sweet potato fries and my husband had the ostrich burger! soo good!!!I absolutely loved my first visit at Sassafras this weekend!  I first heard of Sassafras a year ago when they sponsored some dishes at a Yelp elite event last year, and I remember everything I ate and drank at the event was amazing.  Hence, I always remembered the name, Sassafras, I need to go there one day!  
Boom, it happened, and was such a great experience.  We sat at the bar, so had personalized service with the friendly bartenders who entertained us all night by whipping up some very creative and artistic drinks.  My first round was a grapefruit infused vodka martini with lemon zest, amazing.  Second round, I asked the bartender to make me something with gin and cucumber, and he took a simple request and created a masterpiece drink with fresh cucumber, gin, basil, and a few other ingredients that I don't remember.  It was perfect. 
Food:  The hummus plate was delicious, it comes with artichoke hearts! What!? Yes!  Also, try the home-made Pierogis of the day... the special Pierogis I had was ham, aged cheddar, and potato, pan sauteed, with a delicious (but light) sour cream base.  Phenomenal!  Probably the best Pierogis I've ever eaten in my life, besides my grandmas!  My friends also ordered the chicken sandwich, which looked good, but was a tad spicy (even though the bartenders informed them in advance).  They seemed to enjoy it!
Overall, very impressed here, and will come back a million more times. Its refreshing to have a unique, un-crowded cocktail bar with great food, and great bartenders, in the middle of the busy hustle-bustle of Old City.  Winner!!!Sassafras is hands down the best bar in Philadelphia. Over the course of my two years in Philadelphia, I have logged many hours at the bar, sipping cocktails, listening to live music, and eating delicious meals. Allow me to break down some of the many wonderful things I love about Sass:
The Food: I have yet to have a disappointing meal here. My go-tos are the calamari and the fried pickles, because the batter is just amazing, and the sauces - aioli for the pickles and something sweet and tangy for the calamari - are fantastic every time. Do ask about the specials, though, because there is almost always something creative on the menu that will make even the least adventurous eaters feel like foodies, and sometimes they come with a side of sweet potato fries, which I swear I could eat all day long.
The Drinks: Owner/Bartender Neill created a drink just for me. I'm not going to tell you what it's called because I'm selfish like that (and I'm also afraid you'll spoil the ingredients, which I would prefer remain a blissful mystery). Suffice to say, it is magical, and I order it every time. I also love the large selection of cocktails they roll out for special occasions. Keep an eye on the Facebook page, because I'm sure one of the autumn concoctions will tickle your fancy!
The Place: Sass is undeniably warm and inviting. The real gem (in my opinion) is the ladies' room, which features a beautiful mural on the walls, a comfy couch, and a full-length mirror to aid in the prevention of wardrobe malfunctions.
The People: The best part of Sass is truly the wonderful people who work there. I had only to tell them "Neill makes me this thing that's pink and fruity" and each of them came up with their own unique version - all delicious. They are friendly, warm, welcoming people who are always good for a laugh and/or a slice of wisdom, and they always go the extra mile for their patrons. Just last night, Angie poured a bucket of ice water over my head out front for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. 
But why take my word for how incredible this place is? Go see for yourself, order a drink and a plate of sweet potato fries, and strike up a conversation with your bar tender. I hope we meet at the bar!Perfect for a spontaneous Sunday night date. Excellent cocktails, nice low key live music, delicious food (loved the grilled cheese), great service, and right ambiance. We will come back again.Nice intimate setting. The grilled cheese was just what I was looking for and the service met expectations.I really enjoy this place. It is a nice, small place with a lovely atmosphere and, being in Old City, it has some nice antique flair. I quite enjoy going to the bathroom here for the vintage plumbing. The crowd is typically mature and quiet and the servers are professional, quick and attentive when need be. This is a good place to take somebody for lunch or dinner so you can have a relaxing meal with conversation that isn't drowned out by blaring music, spillage from other diners, and other forms of noise pollution found in many establishments.
While other places seem to fill up around here and while other places get put on lists for "Best Burger", I think Sassafras is easily the best I've had in Philadelphia. I'm hardly a burger guy, but this place is one of five places that make me want burgers periodically (two being in Scotland). I initially went here for the Ostrich burger, and I must say that it is top five burgers I've ever had. Ostrich meat is absolutely delicious and every time I order a burger here they cook it perfectly to order (medium-rare for me). I also ordered the Buffalo burger another time and it is another top five quality. The lamb burger is also quite good. I like to get the "Dillinger" on all the burgers so I get caramelized onions and swiss cheese. 
One time, I made the mistake of passing on the sweet potato fries in favor of regular fries, but I will NEVER do this again. Their sweet potato fries are some of the best I've ever had and they come with an addictive garlic aioli that was another stepping stone in changing how I view mayonnaise. 
That being said, I do not believe I've actually tried the regular hamburger. I don't know if I ever will either, as I think I'll be going there for the Ostrich burger. It is unique and it is delicious. I don't know how the bar is, as I haven't tried it, but I believe I had the lemonade and other similar drinks here and found it to be quite good. 
Suddenly, I am craving a burger. Sadly, there is a snow storm outside, and I will not venture from the Schuykill-side of Center City to the Delaware-side, as tempting as it is. If there is one place that would make me for a burger, it may just be Sassafras.Visited this place while on a day trip to Philly. Hop Sing was closed but maybe it's a good thing or else I wouldn't have awesome live music, a great cocktail and the best dressed up deer to talk about. 5 starsCame here with my boyfriend for New Years for dinner. It was busy but we were seated immediately. It's dimly lit, cozy, and intimate. We ordered drinks and an appetizer (order their pierogies, you will not regret it!). I had the spinach and ricotta ravioli and my boyfriend had the bison burger. He was very happy with his burger and my pasta was delicious (my portion could have been a little bigger, or perhaps the plate itself could have been smaller...). My cocktail (the 'dark and stormy') was also delicious, if a little expensive. The service was fantastic; our server was so attentive and we never had to wait very long for a drink or a dish. 
We enjoyed our visit very much and I would love to come again.I loved visiting The Sassafras Bar in Philly! I went here during lunch and got the chicken sandwich, which was very good and inexpensive. I also had an awesome martini with bitters and chatted with the kind bartender for awhile. Don't forget to check out the art wall in the woman's bathroom.Really wonderful service. Trendy and intimate ..definitely had a speakeasy feel. The drinks were okay and it was a cozy, good experience! Would definitely go back.Love this place.  Admirable beer selection and the food is really good.  I recommend the basil hummus and sweet potato fries for apps - all plates are large enough for 3-4 people to share.  The bartenders are friendlier than any I've seen in Old City and I have yet to have a bad time.  
Plus, ladies, you have to check out the women's bathroom just for giggles.  It's a giant converted bedroom with shag carpet and drapes and yes, a big old couch.  It took me about 30 seconds to register that it was the bathroom the first time I went in - I thought it was a lounge. 
Sassafras is a welcomed low-key surprise in the middle of a rather hyped up part of town.Great bar, excellent food. If you're a meat 'n potatoes guy like me, the burgers and the meatball sandwich are a must. Highly recommended!I dined here last night and had a wonderful time. The food was amazing! The slaw dog was such a great treat. I hope the chef puts more great items like this on the menu. The wine list is great. I couldn't get over the beautiful and charming ambiance. This place is a hidden gem. Definitely make this destination your next stop for a fantastic meal.Awful. This place should not be rated this high. Just to be clear this is primarily a bar bordering on a pub style atmosphere. The night I was there patrons were drunk and very loud. The lighting and ambiance was poor. I ordered a basic beef burger and it lacked taste. The bun was microwaved and stale and they gave me a select helping of microwaved from the "night before" styled fries. The bartender was nice and serve me a martini. The martini was decent, but again over priced. I can't recommend this place. Please think about better pubs in the area like the Eulogy Belgium Pub.
Good luck in Philly.I love this place. the ambiance is great and reminds me of an old school bar with the music and drink menu. I ordered a dirty martini and the bartender asked me how dirty I like it (now, now get your mind out of he gutter)  and adjusted it without hesitation when I asked him. 
It was a fun place and we'll be going there again.Came in for Samhain specialty cocktails but I ended up ordering Guinness because nothing looked good. 
Chalkboard outside advertises bar bites during happy hour, never saw a food menu.
It was damn near impossible to get the bartender's attention despite sitting at a high top directly behind the bar seats. 
Speaking of, not sure those tables should even be there. The walkway suffered as a result, and quite a few people bumped into me as they passed back and forth.
Took about 15 minutes to get the bartender to notice us for round 2, and he ended up charging us full price for our second drinks despite the fact that it was still happy hour.
The only other person working was a waitress; she never dropped by us once. No one offered us a food menu, or waters, or anything that could have improved our experience.
Live music was only okay. It did not serve to add anything special to an already less than mediocre experience.
Kind of divey, though I felt like that was more as result of lack of upkeep than by design. For happy hour, I really wished I had gone back to Moriaty's instead: $3 Guinness and some bomb wings would have done the trick.
Other people's food smelled pretty good, I might be back for that, though not any time soon and probably only as result of other people's wishes.In a sea of cheese, this pub is a standout.  Quick, attentive bartenders with cute Irish accents, reasonable prices...I make sure always to get a seat at the bar. 
I mostly drink here but I have eaten here once.  I think I got the salmon.  I was not disappointed.  I think my friend and I also ordered the hummus and it was delightful. 
The trek up the stairs to the ladies' lounge (which is huge--covered in mural and you get the feeling lots of people have gotten busy on the sofa in there) can be hairy when you have one too many cocktails.  Men, you're lucky your (tiny I hear) bathroom is on the first floor.
They have absinthe and apparently have it served the right way.
I'm a bit fan of the ambience:  the original Victorian feel to the place.  The hex tiles, the dark wood.  The liquor selection is wide and the wine, according to my friend, selection is delightful.We've been frequenting Sassafras for 15 years & just wanted to let people know how great it is, particularly the service. While Olde City has gone up and down and back up again, Sassafras, Neil, Fergus, etc. have been one of the best bar/restaurants in Philly.This is one of the best places to eat in the area! Order the truffle fries which can be substituted for regular fries on a burger. The desert was amazing as wellnot really my scene. it reminded me of an 1950's bar where wealthy white men go to smoke cigars and get way from their wives (if that even makes sense). the server was french or something and it was pretty traditional looking.
but it was fine for drinks. in the middle of busy 2nd street on a crowded friday night. i tucked myself in a small nook with my date and drank some whiskey since that seemed like the most appropriate thing to order. the phillies game was on so i was all good.