So, the service was EXCELLENT! Our waiter was amazing. The staff was very knowledgeable on the food and the preparations.  The delivery on the descriptions from our server was equally as passionate. They were attentive and defiantly worked in simpatico. Hats off to the wait staff you were amazing!  Now, lets get down to the food.  As most people think they are foodies, we are defiantly the foodies type cause we are cooks ourselves.  Our food experience was good, not bad, nor mediocre. Not fantastic, not exceptional, but good.  This was our second time back and experience was pretty much the same as our first.While we would come back with friends who wanted to try this venue, there are other places that we find more traditional "Italian philly".  Again, with two visits the food was consistently good, But us Philadelphians are tough on our Italian food.Thank you to everyone involved for a memorable evening.My boyfriend and I came here for Valentine's day and it was truly amazing!! They had a great vday fixed menu with a lot to choose from. We both ordered the filet mignon and it was cooked perfectly. The atmosphere was gorgeous and the waiters couldn't be any more attentive. Thanks for making our first vday together special! We will definitely be back!My first time to Philadelphia and the dining scene is amazing! Scarpetta was the most incredible experience of them all. The wine selections were superb and the menu was  really fun to read. It was hard to choose without over ordering. My favorite appetizer was the carrots -it sounds not too exciting, but it is mouthwatering good. I also had the Malfadine with morels and Gnocci with crab as stand outs also the dessert selected was sublime. The service was also top notch, Fred was so natural and fun. I wanted him to join us. So all in all an amazing first timer experience. I can't wait to go back.This place is awesome! I had a work function there and I couldn't have asked for a better environment. The service was fantastic, the appetizers that we picked out from their menu items were delicious! All of my guest that I hosted couldn't stop raving about the environment, the service, and how great all the food and drinks were. I highly recommend this for your holiday parties!Excellent quality and fantastic pasta. A bit pricey but worth every penny. Will definitely have to have dinner here again or even check out their happy hour.Among the worst dining experiences I have ever had at a Philadelphia restaurant. We were seated 45 minutes past our reservation time, only to then be served an awful bread basket that I imagine would be indistinguishable from the bread basket served at Olive Garden. The fried calamari appetizer was all fried, with oil noticeably staining the paper napkin over which it was served. This pathetic first dish was followed by two pasta appetizers: one was fair, the other - a basic spaghetti in red sauce for $22 - was tiny and tasteless. The sauce was so thin, light and weak that it was barely noticeable in sight or in taste. We next waited for what felt like an eternity for our main dish. Of a mere four meat options to choose from, the restaurant was out of the veal tenderloin, which was of course the one that my guests and I wanted. This left us with few other choices at this allegedly "Italian" restaurant, a classification very much up for debate. I had the branzino, which was in all fairness, fair (maybe a 7/10). It was definitely the best thing I ate, which doesn't say much. When we received the check, we politely informed our waiter that the manager had offered to comp our drinks because we had to wait so long for our table. The waiter had the nerve to tell us that the second round of drinks wasn't supposed to be comped but that the restaurant would still take them off the bill. Here's the clincher: this exchange occurred after the waiter offered a dessert on the house that we declined! The least they could have done was comp the drinks, as we were noticeably unhappy with our experience. Thus, the service lacks in professionalism to the same extent that the food lacks in taste. Strongly suggest avoiding this place.Great experience, good service, beautiful ambience and consistently good food! The food is simple, but prepared right. The only reason I took a star off is because the menu is a tad boring...I hate seeing any variation of fried calamari on a menu at any fine restaurant.Amazing food. Wonderful service . Exceptional! The server was friendly, full of knowledge with the menu, and very patient.
Great gave suggestions on the menu and the food was delicious .
Recommend scarpetta! Loved it! Get the squid ink pasta!!!Scarpetta will be excellent... in a few months. Unfortunately, what could have been an amazing experience was ruined by cold food and arrogant service. The entire meal was rushed - 5 pasta dishes and 2 entrees within 35 minutes.  In terms of service, not once were we asked how our meal was, not once did we feel as though we were taken care of.  First course arrived before cocktails. The food was great, albeit all was cold/room temperature.  Due to a new restaurant, it felt as though dishes were pre-prepared and placed under a heat lamp to pump out of the kitchen.  Multiple times with food on the plate, we were asked if they could take the dish away.  While the servers may have been trying to tend to the table, it was entirely too rushed and we felt as though they were trying to turn the table over quickly.  3 stars is because the flavors were definitely on point.  However, when you spend higher end prices ($100/person), you should at least expect people to be NICE (you opened five days ago, why so jaded?) and food to be served hot.Small portions but the food was really good. Our table sampled a few of the desserts and all were outstanding- guava, chocolate cake, cheesecake. The staff was also amazing!Absolutely loved this restaurant! Great food and service! We came here for our anniversary, had great appetizers and we shared the lamb chops for our main meal. They were perfectly cooked. Highly recommend!!I meant to write a review a while ago because the service and food was so good. First time I was there to eat, the food came relatively quick and the entree was great. The manager (Drew) even came by and asked us if the food and service was good. It was! 
Came back a few more times, this time to the bar downstairs. The bartenders were quick and attentive and my drinks were made well. I think this will be one of my new spots in the city.Fine dining!  This place, service and food is absolutely amazing!The reputation and reviews built significant anticipation ahead of our visit. Our meal was fine. The bar had some nice craft cocktails and interesting bites to sample ahead of dinner.  The staff was very nice and restaurant dress was very much geared to a special night out.
We may have been in on an off night.  Meal execution (yellow tail app, linguini bolognese, more) was not consistent with the restaurant's NYC reputation for high flavor execution.
I may come in again but will certainly check reviews ahead of a future visit.Food was good and we were having fun until when my son went down to get us a surprise drink from the happy hour bar. After we already had one at the table for full price. The manager came up to us and said we can't do that and made a bigger thing then he should have in front of the whole restaurant. It was our first visit and now to embarrassed to go back. Great job on making guest feel welcome.  Why are they worried about a few bucks when we spent over $300 for the 4four of us.Restaurant Week 2018
SERVICE
There is a really cool bar downstairs and the restaurant is located upstairs. The workers were very nice and professional and seated up on time. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the food and was nice. Our water glass was always filled and they made sure the table was cleaned between courses.
It was very chill. We were there for about 1hr and 45min. I didn't fell like I got my food and was in and out.
FOOD
So the bread basket is the MVP. We got two baskets because... why not? Do not skip it. Honestly I could eat that and drink wine with some girlfriends or something. 
As stated I went there for restaurant week and wanted to start with the risotto but by 8:00pm they ran out of it. Smh. The creamy polenta was delicious! I was very shocked. I wasn't given a spoon so I'm not sure why that happened. Also it was only slightly warm which means it could have possibly been sitting out for a little. 
The spaghetti was good. It was very filling. The pasta was perfectly cooked. It reminds me of the spaghetti I got in touristy part of Rome lol. Presentation and all. It's good but not authentic. Still with trying! The roasted chicken was cooked well. The inside was moist and flavorful. It looks like it was half a chicken. 
For dessert I got the chocolate cake. It was veeerry rich and it had some chocolate filling on the inside. It also came with a scoop of ice cream which I think on its own isn't impressive but together with the cake it cute into the strong flavor of the cake. So definitely a good combo. The olive oil cake... was different. We had never heard nor tried such a cake... so why not! I probably wouldn't get it again.I have been to Scarpetta Philadelphia 2 times so far. Once for a girls night out and once for my best friends birthday. We started each night with drinks at the downstairs bar.  I had a San Remo which was like a very sophisticated bourbon punch. The other girls had a Cucumber Gimlets. The bar had a very good energy with dim lighting and energetic lounge music,  kind of like something you'd find in Miami or NY. We were taken upstairs to have dinner in the main dining room. Our server, Mari Carmen was very knowledgeable about the food. My friend has celiacs and is not the easiest customer. Mari Carmen didn't hesitate to answer her endless questions. She was genuine and had a great sense of humor. BE SURE TO TRY: Raw Yellowtail, Diver Scallop Crudo, Polenta, Braised Rabbit Pappardelle, Duck Ravioli, Black Cod, and Veal Tenderloin. Lastly, the Espresso Budino and Delicate Cheesecake were a great ending to our meal. The staff made my friends birthday even more memorable with a birthday candle glowing in a bulb glass and champagne toast. All the details during my experience will def have me back again. I recommend this place for any occasion; First date, celebration, business dinner, or fun in the lounge with friends. Thank you Scarpetta Philadelphia, the girls will be back !Very nice experience on the day after christmas for lunch. It was almost empty which is surprising! The dining room overlooks Rittenhouse which I'm sure is just beautiful at night when the park is lit up (was nice during the day too). Definitely a white table clothe type of place. High quality service and delicious food. They were able to accommodate a dietary restriction at our table. The bread was so good I didn't want to order an app -- but of course I did! The beet salad was fresh and delicious. I also had the halibut on croute which was perfectly done. My mother got the pre-fixe with the pasta which was a gourmet version of exactly what she was in the mood for - spaghetti and fresh tomato sauce. The dessert was devine and I ate way too much. Overall a perfect lunch. Service was on point.The folks at Scarpetta were great. Our waiter had a warm personality without being overbearing or obtrusive and the busboys were on point. The food was excellent, esp the pasta. My only complaint was the portions were on the small side. I usually don't mind but for 200 with no drinks or wine I shouldn't have to go home and eat a sandwich. Still, it's definitely a dope spot that I'll be returning to albeit not when I'm do hungry.Over priced beverages and food. Very loud to the point where it was hard to hear the waiter let alone the person across the table from you. Four of us felt we were rushed and service was very dramatic. So if you're looking for a relaxing dinner, this is not the place. Although the polenta with mushroom  fricassee and the black farfalle is to die for the pappardelle with rabbit was very bland. Food was not hot and served to us warm. Desserts at $12 each very disappointing and small as were all the menu portions. Will not be going back to  Scarpetta anytime soon.Great food but portion size/price doesnt match up. Super small portions that are ridiculously overpriced. Would never eat there again. Can get the exact same food with the same quality a dozen other places at nearly half the price.I love the Starter "bread"- since its not really just bread it's mini stromboli's! YUM I usually just go for late night drinks and small bites but everything is always great. I had the braised rib and scallops too. no complaints here!Breads were awesome. The vegetable Stromboli was bomb-diggity. All of them stayed crispy throuh dinner. Citrus olive oil was great, eggplant dip was ok, mascarpone butter was a bit too much butter and not enough mascarpone. 
Tuna "sushi" was so salty. Could have worked if it was seasoned but you can't put salt and nothing else. Pairing with a wine helped balance the flavor but still weird that it's fish vegetables and salt. 
The spaghetti was...good? I don't get the hype, it was just spaghetti with basil. Nothing life changing like Carbone. Would even say great, just good. Spaghetti noodles were fresh and soft but sauce was disappointing
Wine was quite good though the markup here is insulting. Bottle retails $15, single glass $18.
Service was good, no complaints.Horrible service.  Had 8:30 reservation.  Sat at the bar waiting forever.  Host told us he was waiting on two tables to clear.  Never checked with us for over an hour.  Girlfriend finally ordered from bar.  It was not worth the wait.Wonderful wonderful. Had a great table overlooking the park. Could not ha e asked for a better place to celebrate at birthday. The floor manager was very eager to to discuss the wine list and what would be best with our meal selections. 
I had the roast kid and my partner had the chicken. Both were well prepared and full of flavor. The wine went perfect with both. The bread offered hand meat and cheese in them which was odd with the infused butter, olive oil and eggplant spreads. I dug through to find plain rolls. We did not have dessert, we were too full from the meal. Definitely would eat here again!Had Thanksgiving dinner here. Service was great! Truly appreciate anyone's cheeriness having to work on any holiday. Recommendations were great. Had the Chestnut Soup and Short Rib and Bone Marrow Agnolotti. Both exceptional! Don't skip out on the Espresso Budino for dessert. Truly delicious. 4/5 stars only because the food was a bit luke warm for my taste.I've been to scarpetta 2 other times before tonight, once in Miami and to the Philly one this past Jan. Tonight, we had the worst service I've ever had at a nicer restaurant. When we arrived for our reservation, the hostess said our table wasn't ready and insisted we sit at the bar. 30 mins went by and she clearly forgot about us. She randomly walked by and was like ohhhh wait your table is ready. She brings us upstairs to a table and doesn't tell anyone about us. The hostess comes by with menus about 10 minutes later, another 20 minutes pass and she finally tells a waiter to wait on us. So we waited a total of 30 minutes for someone to take our order. The waiter didn't seem to really care that we had been waiting so long and at this point we were super annoyed! Finally, the manager comes over and we tell him about what happened. He offered us another pasta dish to try, but disappeared after we got our pasta. It was just 2 of us and we were there for almost 2 and a half hours. One star because the food was good, but we will not be going back. Much better food and service at other places in Philly.Dined at Scarpetta's on a Sunday evening. We were seated at a table next to the window with a view of Rittenhouse Square. Our waiter was attentive and friendly. We ordered cocktails, shared a beet salad. We both had pasta dishes for our entrees. The pasta is made in house. It was cooked a little longer than I like it, not quite firm, the sauce was tasty and fresh. The dessert was a warm bread pudding, yummy. The espresso was very good. It was a good experience, not in a hurry to return.Ambiance : entryway into hotel (downstairs) area is a bit unwelcoming. Once upstairs though, felt warmer. Not too uppity.  But classy nonetheless.
Service: the waitstaff, and general manager are excellent.  I was  pleased to see how fluidly they seemed to run the place even though it was full house and a sat night. 
Food:
Appetizer: tuna susci to start with since they were out of the diver scallops.  We didn't care for the vegetables it was made with.  
Entrees: we had the farfalle (sweetbreads) and the branzino. Delish. Just right. And the wine pairings were excellent too. 
Dessert:  budino and the apple tart. Both were also really good.
Between the excellent service and the food - we will be back for sure and  have already recommended to others. felt the price was also reasonable - for a bottle, appetizer, two entrees and two deserts, ambiance and service - less than $200 or so.  
And on your way out - stop by the Library bar for a drink.Really amazing atmosphere, very energetic and ambient accompanied by 5-star service. The bread, the drinks, the food, the dessert with compliments from the house was all better than our expectationsScarpetta is a truly spectacular in EVERY way and by far my new favorite spot to go to in Philly.  The dining experience is just that- an actual EXPERIENCE, not just a meal. The cuisine is exceptional, mouth-watering food where you ooze after each bite, commenting to the person sitting across from you about how fabulous your dish is. Cozy intimate bar downstairs, spacious & spectacular dining room upstairs with grandiose floor to ceilings windows & arguably the best view of Rittenhouse Square sitting perched from above. The decor is stunning; it somehow merges together a peaceful, relaxing ambiance while still feeling upbeat & energetic. 
But what makes Scarpetta stand out from all of the others is the EXEMPLARY service. We are fortunate in Philadelphia to have a lot of great restaurants with great food, but Scarpetta wins the award for best service, HANDS DOWN. 
Each and every guest is treated like a VIP. Starting with the beautiful hostesses that greet u at the door, the great bartender who welcomes you in & makes you feel like you belong (thank you, Tom), the GM, Drew who personally ensures that every little detail of your experience is EXCEPTIONAL (I bow down to you, Drew, you know how to do this right!), and then there's the icing on the cake- an Italian gentleman named Ennio (complete with thick, authentic Italian accent) who is the manager and food & wine aficionado stopping in on each & every table answering questions abt the menu, making recommendations, and explaining how dishes are prepared in such a way that you actually feel like you're dining on the Amalfi coast of Italy. I've honestly never met anyone who knows so much about cuisine & wine. He is passionate about his guests & making the dining experience an art. They all collectively make every single guest feel like royalty and they've raised the bar WAY high. Bravo, Scarpetta-you are the epitome of going above & beyond!My husband and I dined here on Saturday night, ahead of the Philadelphia marathon. We chose this particular restaurant because they were listed as a partner for the marathon. That being said, there was absolutely nothing that would indicate a partnership, other then the fact that pasta is on their menu and that's what runners eat. We were disappointed that there was not more effort made by the restaurant to participate and cater to the runners. Alas, we still had a good meal. 
The highlights: The food! The bread basket-- as other yelpers have said, it's a gem! Focaccia, calzone, round roll, and a stromboli with some beautiful dipping options! A fabulous start to the meal. I had the basil gnocci with lobster. The lobster was stellar, the flavor was good, but the gnocci was a little too mushy for my tastes. My husband had the bolognese, and he loved it. Perfect portion size, delicious and filling. Just what he needed to run his race. To start, we shared the polenta, and that was amazing! Creamy, delicious, and full of flavor. We did get dessert- I had the valhorna chocolate cake and my husband had the apple tart. Both were tasty, the apple tart was just a bit better, in my book. 
The meh: The service left a little to be desired, honestly. Our waiter, Seth, seemed like he might have been having an off evening. He dropped silverware from an adjacent table, a plate from our table, and always seemed to look past us when speaking to us. He certainly did have a lot of table, so his so-so service might have just been a distraction. 
Mild complaint: When we were leaving and trying to get our checked coats, I witnessed some unfortunate cattiness between two of the hostesses discussing a patron that made me a little uncomfortable. An older party had been seated next to us, in a booth in the center of the restaurant. They requested to be moved to one of the more private tables, overlooking the park. I witnessed the hostess oblige this party, and happily move the party to their requested table. However, she then followed us downstairs, and openly mocked the two patrons to the other hostess staff, and within my earshot. I felt that this was highly inappropriate and unprofessional. Given the price of the meals at this restaurant, I can certainly understand wanting premium seating for a special occasion. Nobody should be mocked openly for that. 
Overall, the ambiance is fantastic, and the restaurant was very romantic. We enjoyed our meal thoroughly, and found the food to be the reason to return. There are definitely more menu items that I would go out of my way to try here and would return for sure.  I stand by a solid 4 stars because I think that given how busy Philly was for the marathon, the service issues perhaps might have been a one off. I would recommend that others try this restaurant.As you stroll out of the picturesque Rittenhouse Square and through the revolving doors of Scarpetta, the ultra-modern Italian restaurant and bar that recently opened in The Rittenhouse, the feeling is almost instantaneous. "Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore."
From the warm and sexy lighting to the bumping bass, the bustling staff and the attentive hostesses, Scarpetta feels like you've been transported to a hip Manhattan joint. Everyone we saw, from dates to businessmen, girls groups and buddies, was dressed to impress. The wine flowed like water and the bread baskets flowed like slightly-doughier water.  Scarpetta is a place to see and be seen, a place to bring your boss, a place to show-off to your parents, and a place to woo. I've gotta confess:
I loved it.
Remember that bread basket I mentioned? Yeah, that bad boy is filled with some flawless, airy and crunchy foccaccia AND house-made stromboli. Served alongside mascarpone butter, citrus infused olive oil, and an eggplant spread that wouldn't quit, we definitely had them refill this basket (....twice).
The options for the crudo were honestly the biggest challenge we had as every dish looked better than the last. In the end, we had three of four options (don't worry tuna, we'll be back for you!) Scarpetta manages to elevate each dish in a way that not only let's the quality of the fish shine but accentuates the natural flavor with expertly chosen garnishes. Our favorite was the  scallops. The pea and aleppo purée brought a zip to the smoothness of the scallop flavor I'd never experienced before.
The primi piatti that spoke to my date and I was something we'd tried at their preview party: Braised short ribs of beef with vegetable & farro risotto.
As expected, it didn't disappoint. It merely melted in our mouths.
Scarpetta's signature dish is their spaghetti, a flawless example of the classic dish. But I suggest you get at least one more pasta dish: the duck & foie gras ravioli. Velvety, rich, and drizzled with a marsala reduction, this is easily the most delicious pasta I've ever tasted. Each pocket was stuffed with a perfect blend of tender duck and creamy foie gras.
Dry-aged ribeye, featuring trumpet mushroom, cipollini onion, fingerling potato & truffled spinach. Our "Carne" choice, cooked medium rare and served pink and juicy.
Dessert was affordable and delicious, so splurge why don't ya?! Scarpetta is a place to be spoiled, and to spoil someone. It's a place I could easily write a thousand words about, but I'll leave you with these six:
Just go. Eat here. Be happy.Scarpetta was amazing. Everything we tried was on point, the bar downstairs has a clubby feel but upstairs is a nice dining room. Our server was a little over the top but whatever can't fault him for that.
The food - the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms was delicious. So rich, so creamy. Great start to the meal. Entrees - the spaghetti was as amazing as everyone says. A very well executed, simple pasta dish. It tasted like a neapolitan pizza - the tomatoes were evident in the sauce, as was the basil. The duck and foie gras ravioli was so decadent. The short rib and bone marrow agnolotti was my least favorite, but still great - I could eat these pastas every day. We also shared a braised lamb dish that was tasty.
The dessert blew me away. We couldn't choose, so we ended up with three - the mascarpone cheesecake was rich, not sweet, creamy, and a perfect cheesecake. The coconut panna cotta in guava soup was really good too. The espresso budine had great flavor and textures. It was hard choosing a favorite, they were all so good. 
For the food and service, I don't think the prices are out of this world. You can walk away with an amazing meal spending 50/personFood is delicious but it's a little overpriced. The atmosphere is upscale but relaxing.Our meal at Scarpetta was nothing short of perfection. My husband and I were seated at a table overlooking the park (you may want to request this if you're worried about previous reviews regarding noise level), and service was great from beginning to end. The bread basket with stromboli and regular bread came with a trio of butter, olive oil, and roasted peppers. We started with the raw scallops (him) and beet salad (me). I personally don't like raw seafood, and the beet salad is a great option for anyone like me. The beets were flavorful and the crema on the side was a nice accompaniment. Next, we shared the black farfalle pasta with a seafood ragout. This was outrageously good! I had to stop myself after a couple bites so I didn't fill up. Their pasta really is a must-try, even if it's just to share a dish before the entree. Then, hubby had the branzino and I got the striped bass. Both were outstanding, I don't think I've ever eaten a piece of fish so quickly. It came with brussel sprouts which I usually hate, but they were actually delicious. Last, I opted for the banana bread pudding and he got the cheesecake. I am a bread pudding fanatic, and this satisfied me perfectly. It was very warm and came with banana brittle and a variety of dipping sauces that made it even better. I know their espresso budino is supposed to be the best, but I will go for the bread pudding every time now! 
In terms of the noise level complaints from previous reviews, I really don't see how it's any different than other popular Philly restaurants on a Saturday night. It was packed and people talking creates noise, so what do you expect? There was music playing, but I didn't find it intrusive or difficult to understand my husband. And the entire experience took about 2 hours, so we didn't feel rushed at all as others stated. We had plenty of time to chat in between courses and look out at the park. I am not someone who is easy to please, but Scarpetta hit all the right notes for me!What a beautiful restaurant nestled inside Rittenhouse hotel. The view is spectacular -- best in Philadelphia as it overlooks Rittenhouse park -- and the ambience is modern and sleek. They have a nice wine selection and bar tucked away on the first floor. Service was wonderful as our waitress Mary Carmen "MC" catered to our every need. 
The food itself was very good, if not slightly overpriced which is a function of beautiful view / ambiance and top-notch service so don't mind the slight premium. The scallop and truffle crudo is delectable, one of better starter dishes I have had in Philly. In comparison, the tuna crudo disappointed since there was a slight fishy smell when it arrived which threw us off though it tasted fresh. 
The pastas are incredible, best in town. They are all handmade fresh in house. The spaghetti is a very simple dish with fresh tomato basil where you can taste each ingredient from the freshly crushed cherry tomatoes to the garden picked basil. At $22, it may be overpriced by $2-4 but once you taste it you won't mind paying. The foie gras & duck ravioli are delicious as well with a rich creamy explosion to each bite. Definitely recommend both of those dishes to share for the table. 
For entrees, we shared the veal tenderloin, farfalle pasta with squid, and order of octopus. The veal itself was properly cooked and delicious. The sides with which if was paired could have been more creative and complementary to the meat itself. For instance, the polenta would have been better served soft with mushrooms accompanying it akin to the appetizer than its more hardened, potato like form for this entree. 
As for dessert, these might be the best I've had in Philly. The flourless chocolate cake with hazelnut gelato is absurdly good and feels like a sinful lava cake without feeling as bad about what you just ate health wise. The cheesecake is not to be done, made from a light and airy ricotta cheese overtop a freshly ground graham cracker crust which is crispy as it is light.I know that a critic has not given a favorable review regarding this restaurant. I am Italian and I lived in Italy for over 15 years.  Those times that I do go out and eat Italian, I don't eat what is considered Italian by the masses. No chicken parm. No spaghetti and meatballs. No veal parm. I typically do not go out and eat Italian because personally nothing measures up to my standards and my mother's cooking. But la Scarpetta not only met my expectations but exceeded them. From the raw fish appetizer to the homemade pasta, the branzino and finally dessert, each dish was handcrafted to savory deliciousness. The service was hospitable, yet professional, and extremely on top of all our needs! Ennio, Tomaso and Al (our waiter) truly know how to make a night super special.Delish! What a wonderful experience and setting! The location is perfect - right next to Rittenhouse Square. 
Came here with my family and we love Scarpetta. We've been to the one in Miami multiple times so we were excited to see it here in Philly!
The service was excellent and the food was great! My husband and I started with the Tuna Susci appetizer which was very fresh and tasty. For dinner I had the Short Rib & Bone Marrow Agnolotti (yum!), my husband got the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli (favorite!), my uncle got the Cavatelli with Oxtail (very rich but good), and a few others ordered the basic Tomato & Basil Spaghetti - Everyone was very happy with their dish! I would highly recommend coming here!I have eaten at Scarpetta in NYC many times and it is always wonderful.  For a big NYC restaurant group, they make you feel very at home.  
I was hoping that the Rittenhouse location would live up and it certainly did.  It was fantastic.  If you would've told me I was in NYC, I would've believed it.  
Philadelphia's Italian restaurants are always lacking something, and this new Scarpetta truly brings Philadelphia what it was missing.   
This is a gem, and e desperately needed element to the Philadelphia restaurant scene.  
Food, service, cocktails, all were amazing and up to NYC standards, which is hard to find in Philly...I came here twice for happy hour and it was closed - once on a Sunday in the summer and once they were having a private party. The third time was the charm. We sat on a sofa in a corner - very comfortable. Loved the bruschetta and mushroom pizza. Overall, very good food, drinks, service and ambiance. A private party came in after happy hour and then it became too noisy to have a conversation so we left. I would go back but call ahead to make sure they are open.Ambiance was great, food was good ( not amazing but good enough for philly).. Staff was solid as well. Will go back.Scarpetta was a fantastic dining experience. My wife and I went here to celebrate our 9th anniversary. The place is very hip, and we had a window seat overlooking Rittenhouse Square which was a great view.
For new diners, I'd highly recommend the tasting menu which is $75 per person. This allows you to sample the best of what the restaurant has to offer, and includes the following:
Crudi- think of it as Italian ceviche. The tuna and yellowfin varieties are very fresh and have delicate texture.
Appetizer- Creamy polenta, which was delicious and easily the best polenta I've ever had. The braised short-rib was fork tender and melted in your mouth.
Pasta- The pastas are hand made in house, and they have a distinctly more "bitey" (al dente) mouth feel which I prefer. The spaghetti is in a simple tomato and basil gravy which is very well done. The short-rib bone marrow agnolotti with horseradish is exquisite.
Entree- My wife had the blackened cod which she really enjoyed. I had the moist-roasted capretto (goat) which has huge flavor somewhat reminiscent of a cross between a pork chop and pot roast. The saltiness of the pancetta really enhanced the flavor.
Dessert- Cheesecake was very light, almost having the consistency of whipped cream. I appreciated that it wasn't overly dense. It tasted like any other cheesecake you've ever had, however. The espresso gelato pudding was exceptional.
Bonus points to the wait staff, who are available and attentive without being overly on top of you. 
Overall I'd highly recommend Scarpetta. It's an incredible dining experience that I would urge anyone in the Philadelphia area to try.Wonderful experience every time I went, best crudo in the city (besides Vernick's striped jack)Went to Scarpetta with my husband for my birthday dinner and it did NOT disappoint.  The wait staff, service, views (we had a window seat), and food were all amazing.  We started with the creamy polenta and octopus - seriously the best octopus I've had since we were in Positano, Italy.  We also had the spaghetti and linguine with clams. I heard Scarpetta was known for their spaghetti - and I can see why - so delicious.  The linguine with clams had awesome flavor, too.  My husband ordered the scallops for his main dish which he raved about and I had the filet mignon.  Even though I was full from everything before the main dish, I couldn't waste the filet because it was one of the best I ever had - if not the best.  We were too full for dessert so we didn't order anything, but they brought out a little chocolate cake with a candle for my birthday - very thoughtful.  Though we were full, who could say no to chocolate! It was very good.  I highly recommend Scarpetta to everyone!! New favorite restaurant in Philly.Perfectly good upscale Italian with a beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square. The food was well prepared and thoughtfully arranged. That said, the service was quite slow. Our two course lunch took 1.5 hours and the restaurant was very empty.  For business lunches, they need to pick up the pace a bit.This was my first time dining there - the food was good - started with oysters, beet salad and then had the short rib pasta. The shortfall was the service. We were a large party so I was ordering wine for the table - the waiter made suggestions- they were for the most expensive bottles. I ignored this and ordered what we wanted and then noticed that he kept opening new bottles without asking if he should do so - leaving us of course with full bottles at the end of our meal. It would have been appropriate for him to ask before opening them if we wanted to continue. I know he just wanted to drive the check up. Then coffee and dessert ordering and serving took forever - some of our group left without it - overall this place is for diners on an expense account.One and done. Made 6:30 reservations on a thursday evening. Got a nice table on second floor near windows. Our waiter fred was awesome and honestly made the experience much better than the actual food was. Fred was telling us about the menu when Eno (sp?) rudely came over and started to simultaneously describe the wine list!  We could not hear about the menu and fred had to repeat. The food was really ok. Not great or stellar, but ok. Kind of made it more than what it should have been... for example I ordered the spaghetti with basil and tomato sauce and instead of being just that it also was mixed in with cheese which I really try to avoid. I also ordered the roasted Cauliflower and it came with a creamy purée, the chicken liver pate came with a coating of fat on top for aesthetics??  Everything had extra ingredients not listed on menu. I am not a fan of mysteries. Desserts were again not so great. The stairs are a death trap. No light. Going to the bathroom was an obstacle course with kitchen being right before it. Yes it was a hot day, but it was rather warm in there adding to the overall score of JUST OK.Really enjoyed our dinner here last night! The food and service were both fantastic.  I had the duck and foie gras ravioli and they were perfectly plump and full of flavor, I could have eaten 150 of them.  I also had the diver scallop, which was very good, but a bit too salty.  The raw yellowtail was also a salty, but the quality of the fish was very high.  They must be sprinkling sea salt on top of the fish or something, and might be a bit heavy handed with it. The halibut was perfectly cooked, I'd definitely recommend it. I had the espresso budino for dessert and it delicious, but Barbuzzo on 13th street wins in the battle of the budinos.  Awesome place for a date night, anniversary, or any special celebration.  Ask for a table overlooking the park!The restaurant is beautiful!   I sat at the bar last night with a couple friends and ordered the scallops and tender lion.  Both were excellent and the bartender named Ashley made me an awesome drink that most never get correct.A lovely find on Rittenhouse square. Highly professional and attentive staff.  Was confused by the bread basket.  Prior to going to a fine dining establishment I really have no desire to eat stromboli so i found that to be odd that there were two hearty sized portions of stromboli in the bread basket. I did try some of both of them and was barely hungry by the time our appetizers came to the table.  We enjoyed the hamachi appetizer.  For the main dishes we ordered the chicken dish and the branzino. Both were well prepared and a generous portion.  The coconut panacotta for desert was worth returning for. One of the reasons why this wasn't five stars is despite the staff's seemingly best efforts it took over a half hour to get the desert out of the kitchen.This place is amazing! Came here with my mom for a nice dinner and they did not disappoint! They start you with the most amazing complimentary bread. We then ordered the Brussels sprouts to start, which were delicious then my mom loved the duck and the mezzaluna pasta was to die for! We had a great server, Seth, and even the manager, Mike stopped by the table to complete the amazing service! We live in California so we'll be trying their Las Vegas location the next time we're there! Definitely recommend this place for a nice Italian dinner!Every dish was a masterpiece. Service was exceptional. Ambiance perfect for dining pleasure. Our host Ennio could not have been more friendly and accommodating. My wife and I dine often in Philadelphia and I must admit I rarely right a review. This restaurant is one of the best dining experiences I have had.We went there last Friday night for a romantic dinner. Was the first time for us there. The service is impeccable, our waiter was knowledgable and introduced the concept to us which is phenomenal by the way. Food is authentic from various regions of Italy. Try the agnolotti!I have to say I had fairly high expectations of this establishment considering that the owner Scott Conant is a celebrity chef with a very critical eye of other people's work. 
I must compliment the the space & the staff both are top notch. Excellent service from a friendly staff. 
The pasta which should be their calling card was average at best. I had the Basil Gnocchi with lobster. The gnocchi were mushy & very over cooked. 
There is a lot of competition in the Italian food scene in Philly & this New York landmark has it's work cut out for it. 
If pasta is your thing & you are going to charge a premium for it you better get it right.Fabulous treat yourself..Out with BF girls night out and loving pampering self....loving it loving itI went for a business dinner with 3 other colleagues and didn't realize it was restaurant week. I wanted to order off the regular menu while the others wanted restaurant week. However the waiter said no that we all had to do one or the other. I asked why and he said they couldn't let me just sit there while everyone else ordered apps and i said that it was my choice bc i don't have room for an app tonight (also my entree was going to be more than the price of restaurant week). He talked to the manager and still declined. I think that was ridiculous. After that my colleagues insisted they didn't want restaurant week menu and that they'd eat off the regular menu. The food wasn't even that good -- especially for the prices. I would not go back.I thought the food here was great.  This place recently received terrible reviews but I went with someone who had eaten here several times before and knew the best dishes.   
We started with the yellowtail and octopus, which I thought were both great.  This was then follow by the pasta with rabbit, agnolotti and spaghetti with tomato sauce.  These were all great, especially the spaghetti with tomato sauce, which it better be for a $22 pasta dish.  We finished with the  coconut panna cotta.  While I thought the food was good, I didn't think it was necessarily worth the price.  There is a lot of great pasta in the city, for a much more reasonable price.A very fancy dinner place that is dark and dripping in ambiance.
The food is good and it comes with unlimited bread, except it takes 20 minutes per bread order. They need to throw it in the oven. The dipping sauces are great though. One is a tomato spread, some type of oil dip, and a light fluffy butter.
I went with the ox tail pasta. Can't remember what it was exactly, but it was really good.My girlfriend wanted a nice dinner and suggested this place. The food was good but definitely not for the price. I've had better for literally half. Especially in a foodie town like Philadelphia. I think Scarpetta came into Philly over-hyped and has not lived up to it's name.
I could have spent $150+tip for 2 people in an infinite number of better ways.
There are so many better Italian places.
I go to restaurants for the food, not the location. Being in Rittenhouse Square doesn't magically make my tastebuds explode. Not worth it imoI was in town for an event at the rittenhouse hotel, and as I was heading back to NYC on a later train, stopped by the restaurant early in the evening to ask if they accept take out orders. I was told yes by the bartender, but when I returned an hour later to place my order, I was told by the very same person that they "don't take takeout orders because it doesn't travel well". Am I drunk or are you schizophrenic? Considering that I was willing to drop $$$ for fine dining takeout and they didn't accommodate my request (without even asking what I wanted to order), this customer service is appalling.The service is a bit ridiculous. Nice restaurant, good wine list but honestly? They literally glare at you every time they pass your table and it's horribly awkward. There's a fine line between waiting on a table and doing a good job (you should be attentive and there when needed but otherwise "invisible". Take a tip from European restaurants! The service is typically classy and impeccable and doesn't matter what type of place you are in.) This is however a nicer restaurant and no one wants to be stared at while they try to enjoy a meal or a conversation. What a sin that they haven't been trained properly. Needless to say, my date and I laughed it off after but they need to cut out this "deer in headlights" thing. Awkward. 
Other than that, I can say my beet salad was very good but the spaghetti, which as I understand is their signature dish, was not...I could make a much better tasting spaghetti sauce at home. Portions are tiny, expect to be hungry later.I would easily give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the service. The food was delicious but we won't be going back. It took 15 minutes for the waiter to take our drink order and it appeared he was giving other tables much better service than us. We ordered the creamy polenta and spring salad to start. For our entrees we ordered the carpetta and the veal. All very good but we feel no need to go back. If you are into a stuffy environment with mediocre service and delicious food--go for itThe food was fine if forgettable, but it was sceney AF. House music and all.My friend & I were in Philly for the Flower Show & wanted an upscale place for dinner. Scarpetta turned out to be perfect. The ambience was sophisticated, the service pleasant & efficient and the food was sublime. The manager, Ennio Ciminelli, came to our table after the meal to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. When he heard I was going to Las Vegas next week, he offered to make a reservation at their Vegas location. I quickly agreed & can't wait to enjoy another wonderful Scarpetta meal.Just dined here on St. Patrick's Day and can't say enough great things. I went back and forth between a 4 and 5 star review on this because I felt the meal was overpriced, but the service was exceptional. You can find many meals on this level in city that are more reasonable. However, the view over the park was so delightful and the food and cocktails were executed well. The appetizer that we shared was the shirt rib, which was small but delicious. Next, we each had a pasta dish. My friend had the duck and foie gras ravioli with a Marsala reduction and I had the papardelle with a rabbit ragout. We both liked the ravioli better, as we felt the dish had more flavor. The entrees we had were the chicken and steak and we both preferred the steak. For dessert we had the chocolate cake and espresso budino. Both of those were excellent but the star was the budino. Our server, who was excellent, brought us out a complimentary cheesecake dessert to try... Which was so light and a perfect way to end the meal. Also, of note, was my favorite cocktail which was the cucumber gimlet which would be awesome in warm weather, as it had a very clean taste. All in all, this is deodorant worth a try, but if you aren't looking to break the bank, I would suggest coming for happy hour and trying a few small plates and cocktails.I had a really good experience at Scarpetta. I loved the atmosphere, the service, the food, and the drinks! It's a perfect location as well! I'm a big fan of their pasta in meat sauce!Omg this place is amazing the best dish is the lump crab with spinach gnocchi to die for truly outstanding!!Came here for our anniversary last night. I made the reservation not realizing we had been to the bar several months ago. I was initially worried as the bar downstairs was nice, but not my scene. Plus it's noisy. However, we were taken upstairs and seated next to a window overlooking Rittenhouse Square. Intimate and romantic feel. 
Food
They brought out bread, but with a twist, some Stromboli... amazing
Braised octopus- solid, wish there was more
Creamy Polenta with truffled mushrooms- stand out, so creamy, nice presentation, perfect size to share
Short rib and bone marrow agnolotti, best thing of the night, so tender, my husband definitely tried to hog it all
I had the chicken as entree, which had nice crispy skin and I loved the fregola, but it was missing a little pizzazz. My husband had the goat, which he enjoyed. I skipped dessert, but did try my husband's panna cotta with guava "soup". It was the right amount of sweet.
Felt really welcomed here, I feel like sometimes we are brushed aside at similar caliber places for looking young, but the management was great. The manager (I think his name was Daniel) gave my husband a lesson on grappa and let him sample some. Will definitely return soon.Overpriced, a little pretentious. Waiter was trying to upsell everything so much it made dinner a little uncomfortable. Food was ok, view was excellent.Got a couple different dishes but the best ones were the octopus appetizer and the short rib bone marrow pasta. That pasta was Amazing!!The food was average at best. Both pasta dishes we had were salty. It took three different steaks to get cooked the way I wanted it to be. The manager was rude when talking to me about how I wanted my steak. The meal was too expensive to have average food and rude service.Beautiful downstairs bar is the first room that greets you!!! The food is amazing and the service is impeccable! Everyone is so professional and accommodating. This is my new favorite hangout!Great environment with windows from ceiling to floor,  in the upstairs dining room, facing the iconic rittenhouse square park. Service was top notch! Alex was very knowledgeable about the menu, providing unregretable suggestions for food and drinks alike. Highly suggest the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti (pasta)!!! Filet was perfect; cooked exactly as described. I will definitely return to experience even more of their menu!Delicious food.  The mushroom polenta is savory and creamy.  Service was fantastic. Very attentive, friendly, and informative. Each course was spaced out nicely.  Even gave us a free dessert cheesecake because it was our anniversary.   Nice views of Rittenhouse Square.  Nice setting for any purpose, romantic, business, etc.  Soft lighting, rustic chic ambience.  Totally recommend.Wow!  I wish I could give more than 5 stars, especially for service and the food.  This has quickly become our new favorite spot and we cannot wait to come back!  We went to Scarpetta for a much needed girls night and although I had been once before when the restaurant first opened and although I had been disappointed by the service (despite the  delicious food!), I beyond impressed with how much it has improved.  The manager and staff went above and beyond to ensure that our evening was special and were incredibly attentive, even acknowledging our prior experience and that they had made significant efforts to improve which blew me away. The food was just as delicious as I had remembered, especially the Arancini and Fried Mozzarella and spaghetti.  We ordered several different pastas (their famous spaghetti, short rib agnolotti, duck and foie grad raviolis and gnochetti) and they were to die for!  The spaghetti is still my favorite-I think I could eat it everyday. Food aside, the ambience is modern and fun and perfect for a date night or night out with friends.My date and I tried Scarpetta for the first time last night. We really enjoyed the food, which was excellent, and the view of Rittenhouse Square. For a high end restaurant though the music, which amounted to background music nothing more, was much too loud. It was so loud that I had a hard time talking to my companion, and the server, which is just not acceptable.  I  requested that the music be turned down, but that request must have been ignored because the volume did not decrease at all. The loud music really detracts from the wonderful food and otherwise great atmosphere at Scarpetta.Scarpetta is the newest and best addition to the upscale Rittenhouse Square dining scene by far! If you're looking for great libations and divine Italian food that is unique, innovative and consistently good no matter what, do yourself a favor and head to The Rittenhouse's new gem.  This space was previously Smith and Wollensky's but you won't even recognize it - chic, sophisticated and the most perfect ambiance for any occasion- drinks with friends, small bites at the bar, a casual weeknight dinner or a birthday/anniversary celebration, THIS is the place to go.  
I've been to Scarpetta for several happy hours in their bar area and the place is always hopping with attractive men and women of all ages.  They have a great cocktail/wine/beer list that is carefully selected by the best Sommelier- you can't go wrong with any drink here.  Their food is incredible - from their crudos and small plates to their handmade pastas and delicious larger plates, you will leave completely satisfied and blown away.  The service here is impeccable- every server is knowledgable about the entire menu and ensured every time I was totally satisfied with my meal.  Favorites are the diver scallop crudo, braised short ribs, duck and foie gras ravioli, pappardelle, wild striped sea bass, chicken and the BEST veal tenderloin you'll ever have. You can't go wrong with any dish!The service is so bad!!! The food is just average...
We came here for restaurant week dinner, $35 for 3 courses, but they charged us $50 per person in the receipt.Gf took me here for my birthday. Based on the reviews we were all very excited for a nice night out.  Unfortunately our experience was not a good one. Service was AWFUL. Our server literally ignored us all night and took forever to do the easiest tasks such as run the credit card after the meal. Also, though the food was good, the portions are pathetic. We understand that it's an upscale restaurant but ordered apps, dinner, drinks and dessert and still left hungry. They were also out of Gnocchi (the one reason we went). How do you run out of gnocchi at an upscale Italian restaurant on a Friday night? All in all, it was a real disappointment and we will not be back. Not worth half our check.