Nice place. The staff was real nice and the service was good. Mussels and Dungeness crab were ok, but the crawfish were just plain bad...as in tasted like they were on their way to being spoiled. Definitely NOT fresh. Thought it might be a fluke or just a bad batch, but after sending them back for a new order...it just did not improve. We had high hopes for this place, unfortunately, we will not be returning.The food was very disappointing. We ordered 1lb of live crawfish, Captain's combo, and Ocean Reef. All three were lukewarm, the potatoes and sausages were cold, sauces were not impressive. There is lack of depth in the flavors. The crawfish did not taste that fresh. The clams were very good size though.I decided to take out despite the bad reviews, and the food was ready within about 15 minutes, which is a good time. I got 2lbs of clams and 1lbs of shrimp. When I got home I was happy to see that there were gloves and bibs. But upon opening it, I saw how watery the seasoning was, which threw me off (I got the Cajun).
When we opened the bags, we were looking for sausage and were very disappointing when we found it.  For every pound, we got two little slices of sausage. The potatoes were good but the corn was very small and not sweet at all. Also, for our clams, a lot of the shells were broken and had some sand left in them.
Overall, I wish the seasoning wasn't so watery because it made it hard to get barely any seasoning on the food. And I wish there were bigger sausages and my clams weren't broken and sandy.The quality of food is good and the price is great. I would come back here and I would recommend this place.DO NOT COME HERE. The food does not taste fresh as they advertise. I come on Thursday night and No one was there ... cough...cough... I ordered crab and crawfish togo but the sauce ruined out the flavor of seafood. Stomach is the worst thing everSea bar was ok, I order the Caribbean pineapple punch  taste really good. The restaurant to known for their crayfish so I order mild and spicy crayfish. I like the idea you get gloves for eating crayfish so the peppers won't burn your fingers and the restaurant has sink on the floor to wash hands from the sauce instead of going to the restroom, but only thing I did not like they don't have a sign to notify customer to seat yourself so you just standing looking lostThe food is pretty good. Customer service was excellent! The best thing to order are the butter shrimps and clams. The buffalo wings were pretty good but the whole order is just 5 piece not worth the price we paid.I eat at many different seafood restaurants.. there sauce for there Louisiana style dishes are good.. But their super spicy is really mild... For most people probably medium. The seafood could be fresher. Great ambiance ...appetizers are not bad.. a little over price for a bit so fresh seafood.. maybe it was bad just that night but I might give it another try.. Maybe.What a comfortable and relaxed atmosphere. The food is very well prepared. The prices a really reasonable. The staff is very friendly. Everything about this seafood restaurant wants to keep coming back.Decided to try out this place as it had great yelp reviews however i must say i'm very disappointed as it went from a relatively pleasant experience to a horrible one. We ordered two main entrees one of which was a seafood platter that was pretty fresh and tasty thought way overpriced for the portion (but im not complaining if its good). We also ordered a peiking duck, which after 15 minutes the waiter came back to confirm the order. After 30 minutes i called over the waiter wondering where our last order was. She comes back and tells me that they dont have any more of it. Really? Why make us wait 30 minutes to tell us this? I just got the check and left, went to another restaurant for the other half of my dinner. Im not a guy who cares much about service but this is another level of bad. Definitely not coming back, but at the very least ill give the two stars for an "okay" taste.Amazing experience! Little Neck clams, Stone Crabs, Shrimp, steamed perfectly. Good Service. Garlic Butter Old Bay (Spicy) was like nothing I've tasted! Will go back...soon.Staff was fantastic! We went on Fourth of July at an off time and it was still great. We got a few appetizers and drinks, including the scorpion bowl and the margaritas which were awesome. I would highly recommend!Love this Cajun style and butter garlic style seafood very much! I've been there twice. Crawfish, lobster and stone crab there are quite quite fresh. You can try blue crab, oyster there too. 5 star suggest!Awesome sea food at a reasonable price.
Here from Wisconsin for a week and went back a second time for the Cajun crawfish & lobster.I was hesitant to eat here b/c of the negative reviews (people saying the food was bland and not fresh). I experienced the complete opposite! Came here for early Mothers Day dinner this past Saturday with my entire family and we had the best time. 
We didn't have reservations and were seated right away. Our waiter Evan was the best! Like usual, we ordered way too much food. We thought their portions would be similar to Joe Crabs Shack so we didn't want to leave hungry and decided to each order our own but share. There were 7 of us (adults) plus 1 child and we ordered 7 items plus appetizers! Of course, we had leftovers.
Let's get to the food review: I ordered the combo - shrimp and crawfish with Cajun sauce with the request that it be super spicy! I loved what I ordered. The shrimp and crawfish were good sizes and the flavor was on point. We also ordered blue crabs, mussels, clams, lobster, crab cake, calamari, buffalo wings, and raw clams. We definitely got our seafood fix! Can't wait to go back!The menu is very large and interesting.  I would suggest that they might want to reconsider including the crawfish in all but 1 of the items from the "combination" menu items, not really a Northern East Coast dish and most people don't know how to eat them, use fresh shrimp for the fried shrimp appetizer, I thought they were frozen, make sure to bring the appetizers out before bringing the actual meal.  Staff was very polite but had to ask multiple times for things we wanted.  Not a bad experience but they need some work.First time eating from here, ordering take out tho, but place looks nice at the top, there's also a nice party room downstairs too. Very friendly and customer services!!Walked in on a Thursday night and we were greeted with cold faces. I literally had to say" hello! " For them to come over and seat us. The waitress/hostess sat us by pointing at a table. 
Not a great start 
I ordered a lbs of craw fish and a lb of clams with a mix of the sauces . I was told that the crawfish were live. The server brought out our drinks my margarita was okay for 5$ and the blue moon was fine. I ordered clams on a half shell , they were 1/2 dozen for $7.50 which is a bit steep but whatever. The clams were actually good however the put the horseradish in a container that is shared from table to table with the same spoon which is unsanitary. 
My clams were good But not medium spicy at all. The crawfish were barely live . They tasted like the were half dead before they were even taken out . The meet was mushy and flavorless. I ate 5 and left the rest , . Didn't even bother to bring it out.My friends and I always do Doc Magrogans on Wednesdays for AYCE crab legs. When they were closed for renovations we decided to give this place a try. Although they don't have AYCE, I had amazing snow crab legs (just as many as I would eat at Docs) for $16. Came steamed with butter, old bay, corn on the cob and sausage. So filling and delicious-- WOW! Great happy hour cocktails- I had the $5 martini. If you're looking for affordable seafood, a nice decor, and friendly staff PLEASE try this gem in Chinatown. You WONT be disappointed! I'll be back, very very soon!I decided to give this place a try since I had a Groupon. Went with my bf, kids, and family on a Sunday afternoon. There was no wait time for us, and we got seated at a table/booth right away. The decor is somewhat hip with a bar with changing color lights (the theme follows in the bathroom as well with the color changing on the light fixture and sink faucet). The food is here is similar to Crabby Cafe here in Philly or Hot N Juicy in the DC area. Price point is pretty reasonable for seafood boil compared to CC and HNJ. I ordered the Coastal Plank (garlic butter, medium spice level - would've gotten spicy but was sharing with my daugther) with snow crab legs on the side, bf got the Starboard Special (cajun, medium spice), raw clams, chicken heart on a skewer, and my son had the mac and cheese and Maryland crab cake. All the food came out pretty good and it definitely satisfied our seafood cravings. I'm not a fan of raw clams, but they did look pretty fresh. My bf did say the crawfish tasted a bit "frozen" (as in it was frozen, thawed, then boiled to serve), and said the crawfish at CC is tastier. I have to agree that the spice/flavoring of the seafood boil at CC is definitely a tad better than at Sea Bar, but Sea Bar is still pretty good. The sausage, corn, and potatoes in my Coastal Plank were tasty and flavorful. Our server was also friendly and our food came out in a timely manner. Definitely recommend giving this place a try if you're a fan of seafood boil. This place is located in Chinatown next to Imperial Inn so there's street parking and a few parking lots nearby.The crab and shrimp boil were so yummy and flavorful.  Note: if you don't love garlic, don't get the garlic sauce.  The seafood fresh.  I ordered it togo through Eat25.  While I waited, the bartender made me a yummy smoothie! Great service!We went to Chinatown on Christmas for the first time ever.  Our first 3 restaurant choices were packed and had 30 minute waits. We came here. The place was empty. Two booths were occupied with customers. The décor is very nice. Decorated for the holiday with Christmas music playing. Much more modern and Americanized than some of the other Chinatown restaurants. This is more of a seafood place. You won't see Won Ton soup or General Tso's chicken here. We ordered from the Dim Sum menu. Short rib skewers were tender and tasty. The butterfly shrimp had a good crispy breading, but the shrimp were a tad mushy. The pork dumplings were okay. The spring rolls looked fabulous, but upon tasting were overwhelmingly fishy. The sesame balls were delicious. Our waitress was friendly and polite. Service was good.
WiFi was superb. My tablet came to life immediately.I WANT CRAB WITH LEMON AND PEPPER, NOT CRAB WITH LEMON AND SANDS/DIRT. This is actually my 3rd time here, first 2 times were ok, not great but ok. I didnt want to come back, but my gf wanted to try again, what the heck why not. SERVICE GOT BAD! Foods got worst. The girl serving us looks like she wants to punch us as we order, not a smile. I guess i can deal with that until my food came out. Crawfish were dry and was not fresh at all. The meat was sticking to the shell , just bad period. Now the crab, we ordered the 3lbs of blue crabs. There were so much sands! DO THEY WASH THESE??! One piece I had had a chunk of sand. Would definitely not come back hereThe Reading Terminal Market was just too crowded for us so we walked a few blocks and noticed the Sea Bar having a soft opening.  So glad we gave it a try.  A nice combination of Seaford and Asian dishes.  Really enjoyed the spring rolls.  The shrimp roll served with fries was great. 
They specialize in combination plates where you choose the sauce and spice level.  We had mild shrimp and crawfish.  It was great.  A little messy but they supply gloves and bids.
I wish them the best of luck!!Was in town when a friend decided to bring us to her "go-to-spot," an economical place where you can get cajun/creole style seafood (mainly crawfish and crabs), that reminded me of places like the boil back home in nyc. 
when first told about the prices of this location, i didnt have much of an expectation for it, other than that, maybe its some cheap knockoff of what i have back home. ended up getting over 4 lbs of crayfish, and and a seafood jambalaya of crabs, corn, and of course, sausage. 
they came in plastic bags, where they steam all the items with whatever sauce you asked for, regular, or spicy. and because the whole ordeal was so messy, they offered gloves so you could dig right in and operate on the food. 
overall, both the spicy bag and the regular bag was cooked along with butter, which made both creamy and delicioius, but not overwhelming. we would have continued to get more orders of crayfish if not for the fact that there were already three bucks of shells in front of us and that we were so stuffed. 
total bill only came out to be around $30. DEFINITELY worth every PENNY, the boil quality... if this is not considered robbery idk what is!I initially came for the $9.99 for two pounds of crawfish special. The crawfish was so fresh and the price was unbelievable that I had to call a friend to come and try it, too. We both ended up not only finishing our two pounds but also getting a few more pounds to go.
Today I returned and had several of their appetizers as a late lunch. I found the lobster roll to be exceptional and the lobster mac and cheese to be superior to those at some well-known Philly restaurants.  The crab cake was delicious also, but I think that the ones at Del Frisco's and Ippolito's are better.
The service was efficient and pleasant. The bathrooms are on par with those at Starr restaurants.
I look forward to trying other items at Sea Bar.do not come here if you are not a serious seafood lover. this rating is specifically for blue crabs, shrimp, mussels, and service.
service ranges from fine - expect what you may find at any other Chinatown establishment - to exceptional. my 2nd time here I brought my family and the restaurant ran out of blue crabs (it was so good we wanted to get a 2nd order -- they had a 3lb special for $12.99). we were notified that they had run out but almost immediately after, the manager (I'm assuming) asked if we were still interested and that she would have someone run out and buy some more for us. what service! my mom really appreciated this and has been singing their praises ever since.
I love the captains special which is a giant bag of shrimp and mussels-- all bags come with corn, potatoes, and sausage. their sauce options are delicious -- choose from spicy Cajun, garlic, old bay, to just steamed if you're a purist. Big plus for being an Asian establishment so they serve white rice which is absolutely necessary when eating seafood ;) everything I've had here has been fresh -- as it should be since this place was an old seafood market and is owned by the same people!We went there for lunch. The food is very fresh and tasty. Reasonable price and great service! We ordered snow crab and shrimp with Cajun sauce and Old Bay. It took a while to get the food ready, but definitely worth the wait! We will go back again!Do not come here ! Management tried to  credit the bill or give us a discount for next time but I denied it as I didn't want to make a scene and I don't plan on returning. 
The whole staff catered to a family in the restaurant who proceeded to change the babies diapers in a restaurant booth we were sitting next to. Hopefully they cleaned that booth.
The crawfish wasn't cleaned and flavor was terrible and the crawfish was bland inside. 
The salt and pepper shrimp was cooked with ALL of the shell on so of course all the seasoning was pointless as soon as it was peeled. Just laziness of the kitchen staff. 
The service was probably worse. Our waitress spoke only Chinese so it worked out we had someone with us who could order. But even in the Chinese exchange, she was difficult to deal with as she still didn't know anything and kept having to clarify EVERYTHING we ordered. There was inconsistency with the specials and pricing.I went there for the raw clams on the half shell, I jones for them the minute I get off the plane in New York, Philly, or Boston. I prefer the top necks, which are bigger than little necks but smaller than cherry stones. I knew this place was in Chinatown, and I was staying right down the street at the Hilton Ambassador Suites. When reading the reviews I never got the impression it was run by the Chinese. It was. There is just a cultural gap. The service doesn't hit the mark. When I read the reviews I had no inkling I was going to get the detached/amateur Chinese service vibe, but I did. The waitress spoke some english but I could lose her on a 50 cent colloquiallism . The waiter that helped my waitress had a little more command of english than she did. The good news is that the clams were fresh, let's just get that out there. The rest of it wasn't memorable.I wouldn't go there to eat any of their dishes. The pot of tea was awful. That was shocking since Chinese tea is my favorite. Not here. I started with a lychee martini at 6:50, waitress said happy hour till 7. At 7:01 I ordered my second, the guy waiter said happy hour over. We were the ONLY people in the restaurant at 8pm. I said "you're joking" he got the hint.I'm giving 3 stars for the fresh clams, since that was my singular reason for going there.Yelped & found this place new with good ratings. Decided to take my family here to try for the first time. Total disappointment. Restaurant was NOT busy, total of maybe 6 tables occupied? We ordered our food & sat around for atleast 45 minutes before an order of our APPETIZER came out. If you're hungry, don't plan on coming here eating right away. I come from the west coast. Restaurants that serve this kind of food have it brought out to our table piping hot within 5-10 mins tops! The restaurant would have a two hr waiting list, which means the restaurant is fully occupied. If they can get our food out that fast..why can't Sea Bar do the same? Food was bland, I have had better.This was my first visit to this restaurant and It was decent. They have a relaxed and chill vibe with friendly service & great food.I travel across the country full time from East Coast to West. Out of all the sea food restaurants I have been to the Sea Bar is the ABSOLUTE best we have had the pleasure of visiting. We ate here everyday we were in Philly! The food is heaven in a bowl and the staff are perfect in everyway. Once you taste the deliciousness of the perfectly seasoned seafood you will be hooked for life! The drinks are great, the specials are always amazing. The staff here make the experience such a wonderful time. I'm planning extra trips to the area just to visit this restaurant.I rated 5 stars for fresh craw fish and AWESOME customer service. The owner of the restaurant talked to us about different dishes they offered and stories behind them. In the end, he offered free samples of their new dish, the cold craw fish, which was the BEST I had ever had in the U.S. Next time make sure to try it!!Everything I ate was delicious, the waitress were excellent, great music. Best seafood in China Town.We ordered the shrimp steamed in the lemon butter sauce and the lobster steamed in the garlic butter.  Both came with corn on the cob, potatoes and sausage.  It was truly a feast!  My friend got the east coast oysters raw and deep fried soft shell crab which were also delectable.  Our bartender, Kai, was quite the mixologist.  We had an excellent experience with fresh fish, great drinks and an awesome ambiance. I highly recommend this raw bar if you are in Chinatown.My friends and I came on a weekday to try out this restaurant because they offered a good cash back percentage and we wanted to see how this feature on yelp worked. To our surprise, this restaurant was quite good despite it being nearly empty.
Now, this Cajun style / Asian dim sum restaurant is a weird fusion and although the two don't necessarily match, the food was still pretty good.
I can't say much for the Asian dishes and dim sum because I didn't think they were amazing. I ordered hot and sour soup - which tasted quite bland and VERY sweet and the soup dumplings, which were 95% microwaveable packaged ones. My friend ordered some skewers and other dishes and felt that they were all too sweet (but still good) !!!! They also forgot our broccoli order but that's okay. 
The really good part was the seafood !!! I ordered 1 lb of snow crab legs with all the spices. THE FLAVORING WAS SOOOO GOOD. The seafood comes with corn and sausage and O MY GOD when you eat the corn that has been flavored, it is literally the best thing you will eat all day. I don't think my description does the flavor justice, but it's definitely amazing !!!!!!! 
The restaurant somehow lost the credit card of one of my friend but they were kind enough to give him a $20 voucher and they handled the situation very well and were very nice about it. Luckily, they called later and said they had found it! 
Great service and great food. Come for the seafood, not for the Asian selection.I have been here twice but I will say that I am not recommending to come here. The first time I came was when it just opened, and the second time is just recently. We ordered a fired calamari, and it is supposed to be an appetizer. However, they did not have it to us until we almost finished the entree. Also, the bucket we ordered says: snow crab and stone crab. Trust me, I am a big fun of crab and I eat crabs a lot! I know what is snow crab and what is stone crab supposed to be. In the food they served, it only had one piece of snow crab, a broken piece of stone crab and a lot of blue crab. Blue crab is not supposed to be there, why they put so many of them. Besides that, I am very concerned about the food quality as well. Regardless whatever the crab was, they were not fresh at all. You cannot really eat anything real from those food. My advice to this restaurant is that, now that costumes already paid enough money for the food, please do your job to serve food well. Isn't it what a restaurant supposed to be? Good luck.I love seafood, so I was really excited to try this place out. When I walked into this restaurant, no one greeted me. This one guy working there saw me, and basically ignored me to continue his convo. This other lady seemed more shy. Good thing I was just there for take out. I would prob never done in based on this service. The food was good. I ordered the crawfish and lobster. It came with three pieces of sausage, some potatoes and two pieces of corn. I ordered the medium spicy, and it was so spicy. It was almost inedible. On the menu, it said mild, medium, spicy, and really spicy. I went with the medium thinking it would just be a little, but it was too much for me. The sauce was very flavorful. It went so well with the crawfish. I had the everything sauce. The sausage was great. I liked the corn, and it was really sweet. I would be back, and next time I will get the mild.I was hesitant after reading some of the reviews but so glad I gave them a try. Yummy $5 martinis special, great bang for your buck combos. We had snow crab legs, dungeonous crabs, crawfish, raw clams. All the seafood were big and meaty. Try the sauces on the side. I enjoyed dipping the crab legs in the garlic butter sauce.It's not satisfying at all. The taste of food was okay. However, the restaurant was not very clean as some food particles were still left on the table when we sitted down. The most annoying part is that the food wasn't hot as it should have been, it's more or less cold and turned off my appetite.
Quite an disappointment. I would never go there again.So the former fishmarket in Chinatown has reincarnated into Sea Bar, a restaurant that serves seafood. I went there with my friends on a early weeknight and it was mostly deserted. Since the opening of Crabby Cafe around the corner, we have been introduced to these restaurants who serves a bag of usually heavy seasoned and sauced seafood boiled with potatoes, corn and sausages. I can get with that.
Sea Bar is pretty spacious, decorated and dimly lit. The interior design is slightly gaudy, the furniture clunky and cheap. There's a 1960's b-movie feel to the whole place and I'm pretty sure it was unintentional. The waitstaff wore a digital name tag with a whole sentence for you to read which is a little weird since you'll have to spend a whole minute and a half staring at their chest.
Food wise, while we were there they have two dine-in specials that makes the whole experience a lot more affordable. (3lbs stone crab/$9.99 and 2lbs crawfish/$9.99) we also order a clam and shrimp bag and a Dungeness crab all with a spicy sauce. We probably won't order the stone crabs again since the shells are hard to crack and meat a little choppy, but the shrimp and clams are fresh, meaty and generally awesome. The crawdads are larger than expected and the Dungeness crab was well worth the price. It's worth noting that each bags are enough for 2 people but you may want more. 
We also ordered a whole grilled squid but it's a bit tough and chewy, it's also bland so we won't make that mistake again. Also the waitstaff are not very enthusiastic or service oriented but if the food is good (and cheap), people will come.Solid choice for Boiling Crab/Kickin Crab - esque food in Philly! 
The menu has a strange but very large variety of food (Asian small dimsum, stir fry dishes, buffalo wings, French fries, Cajun style sea food). 
Seafood comes in bags, but they give you bibs and gloves so you don't have to worry about your hands smelling super garlicky after. The seafood was SO generous and so delicious. We got the crab legs mixed with all the sauces and it was DEFINITELY over 1 pound.
The seafood did come out quite slowly; we had finished all of our appetizers and were waiting on the seafood for a bit. So this isn't the place to go if you're in a rush. 
We also ordered:
Duck Rolls - delicious! Little bit pricey but this is a must get
Squid - was quite bland, and the sauce underneath was too sweet
String Beans - very sweet, tasted great
Bok Choy with Mushrooms - not actually bok choy, was lettuce but was pretty good
Oysters - Fresh, on the pricier side
Hot and Sour Soup - lacked flavor but HUGE serving for $3.50
Overall, great price for the quantity of food and service was very attentive.The taste is not what I expected. The crawfish that I ordered was not fresh and I kind of have stomachache after eating at that restaurant. I would never go again.They have a groupon special going on right now and it makes this place even more worth it. We got the combo with the dungess crab and crayfish. Crayfishes are currently in season so all the crayfishes they use are fresh. If you've only had frozen crayfishes than you're clearly missing out and need to give this place a holler. Dungess crab as always was delicious. We got the combo sauce with both the creole and garlic butter at the spicy level. The sauce was A+ and savory. We also got the chicken heart on a stick as appetizer and that was also delicious. I would come back again.Was walking around Chinatown Christmas evening looking for a drink and spotted this place. Decided to venture in ONLY because it had 'bar' in the name. Wasn't expecting much. Decor was a little kitschy - glass fish had reindeer antlers, but, what the hell, it was Christmas. Sat down, ordered a glass of wine, fried pork dumplings and a duck roll. Everything was excellent. Would definitely come back to try an entree.Sea bar atmosphere was dimmedly lit. There was TVs throughout the restaurants. The background music was at a perfect level for background noise. Bathroom was tidy and clean. 
If you're coming here for sea food, then it's a great place for it. Like any seafood restaurant, it's going to be a bit pricy. In addition, they do have other type of food. My friend ordered the buffalo wings. It wasn't too good so go for the seafood. 
The service was great and fast. Waiter was nice and friendly. Beats seafood at a Chinese buffet that's for sure!Very interesting concept in the Heart of Chinatown, Philadelphia, PA  Asian fusion, CajunEverything is pretty. Simple as that. Really friendly service. Price is fair. Enough said time to eatNO STARS. Do not eat here. The worst service of any restaurant in the country. The wait staff is terrible and clueless. Dinner took an hour longer than needed to get food. Awful. Don't eat here. Just don'tI've been here twice now, once for happy hour and another time for regular dinner. The prices are super affordable for the amount of food you get. Drinks and food specials are good for happy hour you can find $5 cocktails and $3/4 beers. They also have specials on different seafood items. For dinner on a Saturday they also had a special it was $15 for blue crabs. We got all of the above seasoning at mild/medium level. Medium has a mild kick but spicy is spicy. I've had the crawfish, lobster, stone crabs, blue crabs, and shrimps. Favorited are the shrimps and blue crabs. Shrimps are a decent size and the blue crabs I think taste better than the stone. Each bag of seafood comes with sausages, corn, and potatoes so no need to order sides. The only con about this place is that some of the servers have a language barriers and don't understand English well, so just be a little patient. Other than that, great place with good food and prices.Best happy hour IN THIS WHOLE GODDAMN CITY. Nicest bartenders and amazing food. #pokemongo if you're a player, there's 3 pokestops directly near Sea Bar and tons of pokemonAfter anticipating for this place to opened we finally went . We went in and got seated right away . The decor was very impressive . Place was very clean and well prepared . 
After reviewing the menu we know what we wanted . We ate at several restaurants with similarities . Very much like hot n juicy crawfish , crabby cafe , bistro southeast , and Dex's and Syd . So it wasn't hard to understand . But sadly they don't have their liquor license yet so I have to picked a virgin drink upon availability . Of course strawberry daiquiri was my picked . From appetizer to our main dishes I have to say the food was mediocre . We've ordered the soft shell crab but it had a weird texture to it . I got a pound of crawfish with the all above sauce . I didn't like it too much because I'm not a big fan of creamy sauce in my seafood . I thought it would be similar to hot n juicy crawfish sauce that's why I ordered it that way . I don't know is it because it's not the season but the crawfish also had a weird textured to it . My boyfriend got the harbor trinity which came with lobster , crawfish , and shrimp with the all above sauce and he didn't like it either because the sauce was creamy . The lobster tasted like it undercooked . Very chewy and the meat stay sticking to the shell . I have one question , what was a piece of blue crab leg doing in my boyfriend's bag ? The shrimp tasted liked it was undercooked as well . If it was finger licking good we would of devoured our food . Instead we took our left over home knowing we probably won't even eat it again . 
As for service it was okay . The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. But I was a little disappointed because we ordered lobster and they forgot to give us a crab cracker . They gave us three pieces of napkins knowing it can get really messy . We needed more like a roll of paper towels . I don't know if I'll be returning . 
I didn't take another star off because they offered us beer which was on the house . We didn't take the offered because my boyfriend quit drinking beer and I'm not much of a beer person . We appreciated it !Decided to try this restaurant on a whim with a friend. We ordered 3 dishes, a whole fish, cashew chicken, and a dish of vegetables. It took them 30 minutes to come out with our food, of which time we were patiently waiting in eager anticipation that it must be real fresh - much to our disappointment. The cashew chicken was cold and fish was not fresh at all. The best dish of all turned out to be the plain vegetables with garlic. Will not be returning to this place.This place was awesomely amazing ! I'm from New Jersey and would drive an hour just to replicate the same meal that I ate. We ordered 2 orders of seafood and split it between 3 people! We couldn't eat it all! Very fulfilling and great flavors!Oh My Goodness!!! I went here with my husband last night! if you don't like seafood, don't go here. If you do, please go here!! It has a nice ambiance, the servers were great and they went the extra mile preparing something that was not on the menu. I had two orders of the $9.50 crabs...it was AMAZING! I was a little skeptical thinking it may not be enough crabs, but there were lots of crabs, potatoes, corn on the cob and sausage. My husband had the shrimp version and he raved about how many shrimp he had! I would go back again...and again...and again.! Great job Sea Bar!This place is ur go to place for great service and seafood. 
Let's start off with the service. The service was great we were seated right away and were given our drinks aka water. They were polite and the servers was very friendly, they also recommended great dishes. The atmosphere was very clean and organized as well. Let's get down with the biggest thing here we are here for the food. We ordered our food and literally 10 minds passed by and our apps are here and that was quick. We had buffalo wings and calamari. This is why I rated this place a 4 and not a 5 because the calamari was little bit too hard cause of the different breading they was using which was pako breading. I believe they added alittle bit too much of vinegar to the sauce and that made it sour. 
The wings was little bit of a disappointing factor. I expected medium sized wings and we got wings that was the size of a quarter. 
The crawfish was actually good and spicy. The corn was good and also the potatoes was good but the sausage had no taste to it and they gave us 2 pieces of cut up sausage  in each bag. A sausage is suppose to have  a smokey flavor to it not a bland flavor. But this restaurant is good I recommend it to everybody who loves seafood and is also around chinatown .I decided to give Sea Bar a try with a friend and upon walking in we were greeted in a monotonous tone and pointed in a direction to seat ourselves. Our server/busser (she never clarified what or who¿ she was nor did she introduce herself). Servers were standing around pointlessly as if stunned and we went 10 minutes without a water refill until we requested one(note that the restaurant housed only 3 tables this night) 
Service: 0.1/5
We ordered the grilled green mussels and the starboardspecial (1lb shrimp + 1lb crawfish)
The grilled green mussel appeared as if they had been literally tossed on top of lettuce.(i wish i took a picture of this because their picture portrayed the dish arranged in a circular structure but somehow they got the idea of scrambling the mussels. Not only did they appear unappetizing but they came with a quesy sauce (spicy mayo +something lmao) 
Boiled crawfish and shrimp were okay.I am in love with this place I took my sis for mothers day.  We went back to days later and I'm going to have a gathering there as well.  The food is fresh and taste great.I have so much good stuff from to say about this restaurant. Def destroyed my hunger for seafood and great prices. First of all you can decide from Pounds of crabs, crawfish, shrimp, or crab legs. Then you pick from a garlic butter sauce, or a sauce that contains garlic, lemon, old bay, and butter. Whatever you choose
Is cooked in the sauce you pick along with potatoes, corn, and sausage. My mouth is watering just reminiscing. I also got a lobster for $10. I didn't realize that also came with all the sides. Usually I don't eat all my food , but I demolished everything. The seafood is served with a bucket, bib, and gloves. So don't get all fancy cause it's messy and worth it. The staff was very attentive and overall the atmosphere was casual and relaxed. Great seafood at a great price. Will def be back.The food is great and the seasoning is very different taste. I love Cajun styles craw fish. DEFINITELY come back again tryThis is a great place for the freshest seafood, at unbeatable quality and price.
Clean,  great staff.
Just an all around great place!
Bartender Mary is beautiful and always on point!I love seafood so when there is a new seafood place in town, I am so there. Besides, it is good competition for places like Crabby Cafe. Ever since Sea Bar opened up I have been visiting almost every week it seems. As of right now, they are having different specials and changing it up every few days or so. Take advantage of them before they're gone. First stop here, I came for the crawfish special 2lbs $9.99. The flavor was really lacking, didn't quite make it to the meat, spice level medium was more like mild. Over the course of time and with customer feedback, Sea Bar really up the flavor profile and spice level. I really recommend trying Cajun sauce over all other sauce and medium spice level is now spicy so beware. The seafood here is really fresh, service is attentive. If you come here stick with seafood though and not mac and cheese or calamari. They aren't that great.My one friend recommended this place to me and I finally decided to go with my best friend yesterday. The food was decent. For appetizers, we ordered a whole squid and short rib skewer. For the main dish, we ordered the 2lb crawfish special for $10 which was a great deal. It was very tasty considering it's the first time trying it.  The service was actually better than I expected. I had a very friendly and handsome asian guy I believe and he gave a nice service overall.Two pounds of crab legs for $32? Sure! I couldn't finish all of this crab, but it was delicious and spicy and everything I had been craving that week. They included sausage, potatos and corn in the boil with the crabs so honestly one pound of crab legs would be more than enough for a meal. They have happy hour 3-7 every day which I'd like to come back for.  Also, they give you plastic gloves which is wonderful so you don't leave smelling like crabs! I'll be back very soon and glad this place is open!This is the second time I've tried at this seafood restaurant already. The first time happened when the restaurant was just opened. Two times but two different experience.
The first experience was awesome, the food as well as the customer service. We asked the server whether the crawfish is live or frozen, and he said that they always serve live crawfish. Great! We ordered 2 lbs since they were having the special at that moment ($9.99/lb when you order 2lbs). The seafoods were live and fresh just like the server promised. The Japanese raw oysters and clams were super fresh and delicious. The great impression was the reason that we decided to come back for a second time.
As the first time, we asked the server whether they have live crawfish available. The server said yes. So we ordered 2lbs of crawfish (garlic and butter sauce) and other dishes as well. Guess what, the foods were bland the sauce was bad. The crawfish were definitely not live/fresh, actually maybe less than 10% of them were fresh, and of course, we couldn't finish all of those crawfish. 
I felt like I was being tricked to pay for the bad food. I've been to many places and those restaurant were honest. Just tell the customer the truth (not half true) and do not use trick like mixing live and frozen together and then tell customers that they are live. I hope the owner put this issue into consideration. I may come back (second chance) if theres improvement in the future.Good quality live seafood! Highly recommend asking about their specials because they are a steal! We ordered both specials the other day: 2lbs of crawfish for $10 and 1lb of stone crab for $10. It easily feeds 2 people and it's delicious! We had it done in the garlic sauce with old bay, great sauce for dipping. The restaurant itself has interesting decor, our server was awesome, the only thing we didn't love was the music playing. It was loud Chinese techno music.