Seorabol is now my #1 restaurant to provide me authentic Korean food that meets up to my nostalgic taste of my mom's homemade cooking. I ordered the ox bone soup with dumplings and it stayed true to the clean but deep flavor (with your own control of salt & pepper seasoning!). Truly delicious and definitely a reorder since it's difficult to get it anywhere from my experience!This place is new and I believe only opened up a few months ago. There are other locations throughout Philadelphia, but this location is my first experience. They have a good reputation so I was excited to try them out for lunch.
Walking in you'll see they have a very large dining space which is made even more noticeable because it was empty. The staff seemed a little frazzled throughout my visit and these factors together suggest a struggling business.
They weren't operating very smoothly that day, however my experience was excellent because of the attentive staff.
The staff was very accommodating in proactively replacing our Banchan, getting utensils, and offering more bowls of rice when we were empty.
The galbi was delicious and I definitely plan on coming back.
PRO TIP: ask for wooden chopsticks as noodles slide around less on these as opposed to the metal ones.Horrible! Very bright lights, cafeteria style. Zero atmosphere. Food just as bad! No taste, fatty, just awful! Sent everything back. Disgusting!!
Never go back!!!!love the second center city location! now i can get my SRB fix way more frequently! great job SRB team!Growing up, I used to have Korean food at least once a day (thanks Mom!). It's probably the only cuisine that I could eat forever without getting sick of it. I often crave Korean food, but how much I actually eat it has depended on where I've lived. A good amount during the time in the SF Bay Area (thanks to more Korean-food-loving friends), a small but still surprising amount when in Pittsburgh (thanks to a lunch spot somewhat nearby my workplace), but now, in Philly, I've been eating a pathetic amount of Korean food--I hardly ever have Korean food anymore. That is in large part to the dearth of Korean food places in Center City.
This is all about to change. Cue Seorabol. A restaurant with street cred from super North Philly, Seorabol has the most Korean feel of the limited Korean options we have here. Even the small touches of the banchan (side dishes) that are unlimited help with the Korean atmosphere. The food has been generally pretty solid. The space is somewhat small, but for a start to Korean food, I'm pretty excited about this place!! See you often, Seorabol! :)This rating is a 3.5 
In comparison to the original, the service here is definitely great but the  food is average. My friend and I came here last week to try it out since we are pretty hopeful that Korean establishments will make a mark in center city. Upon arriving we were immediately greeted by friendly staff. They provided us with hot tea which helped us keep warm. We ordered the kalbi, seafood paejeon and the kimchi jigae. 
The kalbi is cooked for you and brought out on the sizzling platter. The kalbi was a bit chewy but well seasoned. The seafood paejeon was perfectly crispy on the edges and soft in the middle. I also liked the portions. The kimchi jigae was a bit disappointing. I felt like it tasted overwhelmingly like kimchi, but it lacked some seasoning. I've had plenty of kimchi jigae in my life and somehow this did not quite satisfy. I noticed the pieces of meat were like slices of meat rather than chunks like I'm used to. In general I was disappointed by the food but I'm hopeful once they figure some things out it'll be better. I do acknowledge the service was good though. So I may come back in a few months since I am loyal seorabol- original3.5 stars. 
Came with friends for dinner during opening weekend. While we were excited to see a Korean restaurant in Center City, we left a little bit disappointed. The 2nd street location in Olney is much better, but I get it, we're paying for location, ambience, and convenience here.  
First off, let's talk about the banchan (side dishes). There was not a lot of variety. We probably received about 4-6 different items, with an additional serving of a few of the dishes. 
We shared the bulgogi, kalbi, bibimbap, and soondubu. Everything was fine, the portions were smaller than the Olney location, and priced higher. (As expected for Center City.) The thing that really annoyed me was that there was a special on the menu for soondubu and choice of meat (bulgogi/kalbi) for a special price. We tried to order that since we knew we were going to share a bunch of things, but were told that "it wasn't available." It's not that they were sold out of the dishes, but we just couldn't get the combo at the special price. They basically forced us to pay full price for the two items, even though the menu offered a special (it wasn't "special" for certain hours either). That is just annoying. Literally it was $4, not a big deal, but it's the principle of it. 
Good in a pinch if you've got a hankering for Korean food.I love Seorabol. I'm been quite a few times since it opened. I've tried the beef dumplings, seafood pancake, spicy stir fried squid, thinly sliced ribeye, kimchi fried rice, and the stone bowl bibimbop. My favorite is the stone bowl bibimbop, which I've had at a few other restaurants and have to say, Seorabol's is at the top of the list. The only thing I've tried that I really didn't enjoy was the kimchi fried rice - just not my thing. I've ordered take out a few times and they've included the small starter plates (various fermented veggies and/or fruits) and thrown in a Korean canned drink.Amazing Korean spot! Delicious, flavorful warm dishes and nice ambiance. Really enjoyed the tea and the bi bam bap in hot stone bowl.I used to drive regularly to the location in Olney and was blown away when I saw they were opening this Center City location. Regardless if you are with a large party or sitting by yourself at the bar, they still bring you the full array of bonchon. The food goes above and beyond expectations, and the service is friendly, fun, and attentive.I was very excited to try this place out after frequenting the Seorabol in North Philly. Unfortunately, this place has a much smaller menu and the BBQ is done in the kitchen, not at your table.
I came here on a Sunday evening after the NFL game with a friend. There was no wait to be seated. The manager and servers were very friendly.
We got a seafood pajeon (pancake), seafood soon dubu (soup dish), and galbi.
The pajeon was nicely filled with seafood and crispy. Definitely did not disappoint.
The same goes for the soon dubu, though it was missing the egg component.
The galbi was marinated well, and there was lots of meat on the bone which I loved.
I would still visit this place again when my Korean food craving strikes again.Food was good. Very limited vegetarian options but the server was attentive to the our needs. Wish the serving sizes were slightly larger.We ordered Happy hour appetizer and drinks, spicy seafood tofu stew and dolsot rice dish. The food is very good, but the waiter needs some improvement.I've been eating a lot of Korean food since I got back from Korea two months ago. Like a crazy amount. Seorabol has done a great job bringing their food game high from their North Philly location to Center City. The level of care put into their food is shown in the small details of their food presentation and the depth of the flavor from first bite to last. Highly recommend the cross cut short ribs.. mouthwateringly tender, salty, sweet and has that umami flavor that will have you craving it randomly sitting at the office sending an email at like 10am. The sundubu-jjigae, spicy tofu stew is also super good, with a rich broth that will warm your Seoul.Definitely a big fan of Seorabol - the service was great, the sides were fantastic, and the food was well portioned for the amount you're paying there. I would come back for the Happy Hour (I've heard good things) but dinner wasn't too shabby either.
My three friends and I decided to order family-style, and ended up splitting the SRB Galbi, the jajangmyeon, and the bibimbap. The galbi was by far the star of the meal and was marinated perfectly. I was probably most disappointed by the bibimbap - while it was okay, there was nothing really special about it. If you want to try a bit of everything, I would definitely recommend ordering to share; with the amount of sides you get (kimchi, mashed potatoes, fried tofu...) three dishes was more than enough for us.
If the North Philly branch is too far of a hike, I'd recommend paying Seorabol a visit to satisfy your cravings. That being said, I'm sure I'll be back to try a few more dishes off the menu!Another great dinner at Seorabol. This time I brought a newbe and he found everything to be delicious. Service was efficient and comfortable. We had two of the happy hour appetizers- the chicken and the spicy rice cakes, both delicious. We both had the bimbimbap in the stone bowl, really enjoyed all of it. Will be returning!Great atmosphere and great food! The Chef definitely knows what he is doing and it shows! Seriously give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!I really love this place. I've been ordering delivery once or twice a week over the last few months, which is terrible for my wallet but so extremely rewarding for my taste buds. Soondubu and Jajangmyun are my favorites. I used to live in NYC and went to Ktown often, but when I moved here I realized Philly doesn't have as many options for Korean food, so it's a blessing that this place exists. It's consistently good and satisfying food that's reasonably priced, what's not to love?The food is really good. Staff are friendly. Although we were confused who our server was for a while. We ended up ordering appetizers and entrees from two different people. I thought I ordered the ribeye bbq and when it came out it was short rib bbq. But it was so good I cant complain. It's the best short rib I have ever had. 
We have made a great dinner. Some minor mistakes occurred but for any new restaurant it's expected. The staff were working very hard to take care of us so thank you. 
We will be back.Went here for dinner one Saturday. They were happy to take a last minute reservation as well as wait for us (for 15 minutes) even after our reservation started. You start off with some banchan, which are unlimited. The ones we got were good but nothing special. We ordered kimchi fried rice and a dolsot bibimbap along with some drinks and apps. The entrees were okay. My bibimbap had average portions despite being on the pricier side. The amount of meat (beef) in the entree was also a bit disappointing. Lastly the bowl didn't seem to be hot enough for the rice to sizzle and stick at the bottom (although my friend's bibimbap did). Overall the meal was just okay, not amazing especially given the price ($14) and the portions. The waiter forgot our apps completely too, which we ended up canceling. Everything else went alright. Paying was smooth, service (outside of the apps) was good. They can give you additional gochujang sauce if needed for free.Fantastic. Food was amazing, the staff was so so friendly and attentive. Beautiful space. Such a transformation from the dead zone this building used to be!Yesterday devours lead me to @seorabol.centercity Korean restaurant. Upon my entry, I've noticed that they have quite a few specials which were to my liking. I was given a warm welcome, as soon as, I walked in the door. As the hostess guided me to the bar, where I took a seat, I was given another warm greeting by the bartender. He welcomed me with open arms and offered numerous times to explain the menu to me. Even though it was my first time; and he didn't know that lol;  he still treated me like it was; which was really dope. Once I looked at the menu, my decision was made. I ordered the Soondubu Jjigae (spicy seafood soft tofu stew). It came with four side dishes which were hotdogs in Korean bbq sauce, mashed potatoes, kimchi, and sauté broccoli. They all were very delightful. The hotdogs and the mashed potatoes went first LOL. I saved the Korean cabbage and sauté broccoli for my stew. Once my stew arrived, it smelled amazing and it still piping hot from the kitchen. It also came with a side of rice.  Upon eating the stew, I noticed that it had scallions; tofu; little neck clams; baby shrimp; and really big chunks of squid . The stew was absolutely amazing; and was really beyond my expectations. It was definitely worth my time and money. I can't wait to return again to try other things on the menu. Until we meet again @seorabol.centercity keep up the amazing customer service and good eats! If you ever find yourself around the Broad st and Spruce st area, feel free to stop by and tell him that I sent you. . -Shimmy  #koreanfood #bar #customerservice #beer #hotdogs #rice #broccoli #cabbage #potatoes #mashedpotatoes #stew #shrimp #squid #clams #scallions #philadelphia #philly #southphilly #food #foodphotography #foodie #foodiesofinstagram #foodgasm #foodpornSo I'll start out by saying I absolutely love going to Serabol's first location and I was pretty excited to the center city location so that I would no longer have to drive 30 mins out of my way after trying there new location I think it's safe to say that I'll gladly take the drive. At the new location you don't get the K BBQ experience which was what I looked forward too. The location is very small and the food took a really long time to come out- I don't recommend ok'ing on your lunch break as it took up more then a hour for two soups. The manager was nice enough to comp one of the bills for us. I will give it one more try. Keeping my fingers crossed!Just got back from the spot so im writing this when everything is fresh in my mind. Went there around 930pm on Saturday and let me tell you... this place was lit! My friend and I sat at the bar, the place had a super cool vibe going on. Music was on point and the people there genuinely looked happy. People making memories, eating good food, and just flat out having a good time. A lot of smiles was popping tonight.  My friend and I ordered the dolsot jaeyuk and the sagol mandu guk. Highly recommend the dolsot jaeyuk... it comes out in a hot stone bowl. Had a spicy kick to it but at the same time a little sweetness at the end of each bite. As we went along eating it, it only got better with each bite because the rice inside became crispier and seasoning started to blend into a masterpiece due to the hot bowl. This is the perfect spot on any occasion! Go there and tell me im wrong!Couldn't have had a better experience here. Went during the soft opening however their selections were fantastic. We tried a few things on the menu and each was fantastic. Definitely going back whenever I'm in Philly.Ive tried many Korean places. This restaurant has solid food. Seemed like there was only one waiter when we went but he was friendly and tried to work fast. We got the beef bibimbap which was great, even though they forgot the rice. But that was an easy fix. The only thing I didnt like too much was the seafood pancake. Pretty doughy and dry and sauce was bit on saltier side.The original Seorabol is, hands down, not even close, the best Korean, nay, the best Asian restaurant in Philadelphia. It's also a miserable half hour slog in traffic and I hate to drive.  Now it's a three minute walk so yay.
Limited menu, but try the beef tendon soup. It's like, wow.Interior is really modern and sleek. Lots of noise, and very hard to hear people talk. Really enjoyed the banchan: broccoli stems, broccoli, kimchi, green beans, and cabbage. All of it tasted fresh, but soaked in MSG. We ordered a kimchijigae and yukgaejang. Both tasted delicious and were worth a try. Service was alright, wish they had more refills on the banchan.I've been waiting to come here ever since hearing that they're coming to center city. It's a sad thing that they don't have the grills here but I'm still super glad to have a new korean place to try!
We came for the soft opening and were greeted with smiles and great service. A nice touch is the hot rice tea and the banchan. 
We got the seafood pancakes which came with a wonderful dipping sauce and plenty of seafood. We also got the stone pot bibimbap. The rice was nice and crispy on bottom with a vibrant array of veggies on top. Although the veggies weren't seasoned strongly, it's nothing a douse of the spicy bibimbap sauce can't fix. 
Overall I enjoyed the meal and am looking forward to coming back to try more things since this place is a lot easier to get to than the original location without a car. Welcome to center city!This is my second time ordering from Grubhub.
Galbi Tang is my absolute favorite Korean dish. It's very comforting and I particularly enjoy it on a rainy day.
I was at first skeptical to see Galbi Tang on the menu for $18.95, the highest price point I've ever seen for this dish. Normally it ranges from $8-14. Its hard to find good Korean in the city and it was on Grubhub so I went for it to satiate my need for comfort.
To my surprise, it was the best Galbi I've ever had. The portion is large, and the quality is amazing. They give you so much meat and really thick quality pieces. The broth has a very nice bone flavor that tastes like they've cooked in bone for a while. I highly recommend this dish and place.Everything I ate was delicious! Staff was super helpful when deciding which dishes to select. Definitely heading back and making this a regular dinner spot!Thank you for coming to Center City!  It took way too long to get a great Korean restaurant in center city.  Yummy comfort food, and spicy & stinky in all the best ways!I'm so glad that Seorabol opened this location in Center City! I've been here three times so far and every time the food was delicious and the service was excellent! They are serving alcohol now too. Highly recommend!Wow!  Philly just got better.  My new go to spot in Philly!   I recommend the Galbi, bulgogi, and the YukGaeJang.   Had some of my friends sushi too.   Fresh and tasty.  Makes my mouth water just thinking about their food.  Staff was quick and super friendly.   Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu.  You'll be seeing me quite frequently here  : DI came to Seorabol's new location since the one down at Olney was always too far for me. Having come for their soft opening, their menu was a bit limited, yet I still got their Galbi, Bulgogi, stir-fried octopus and stir fried pork along with kimchi Pajeon. We were first given banchan and all were pretty good. The galbi was personally my favorite. The kimchi Pajeon could have had more flavor. Service was good and quick. I'd really like to try the sushi next time3.5/5
i was SOOO excited when i heard seorabol was opening in the city. i'm a huge fan of the one in olney so i really was hoping the tastes and flavor would be similar but i sadly have to say it's a knock off version
we ordered the KFC, kimchi stew and bibimbap. the bibimbap was OK, flavors were so so and the beef they used was lacking flavor and i felt like most of my bowl was vegetables, it needed more beef and rice. the KFC was good but i wished it was more crispy. the kimchi stew was wayyyy too salty. 
all in all, the service was great but the food is definitely nowhere near what i thought it would be. i'll still be searching for my #1 korean restaurant in the city...I have been waiting for Seorabol's Center City for what feels like years and I'm so glad it's finally open! I've been to their Olney location several times and it's one of the only restaurants in the area that really makes it feel like you're in Korea. Unfortunately Seorabol CC doesn't have the KBBQ grills so I can't say the same about this location, but it IS solid Korean food in Center City so I will take it!
The General Cho chicken is a great shareable app, the seafood pancake is also a great big portion to share. I wasn't as big a fan of the fried dumplings, wish there was a steamer option. The Yuk Kae Jang is great and not something you see on a lot of American Korean restaurant menus! My only other request is where is the japchae? Love that there is complimentary banchan and a good variety (don't forget to ask for refills!) I've also had the bulgogi and and galbi and both were good (although not as good as if it was being grilled in front of us!)
Drinkwise I love their pomegranate Soju that comes in the carafe with the ice hole so your Soju stays cold AND doesn't get diluted. They're open until 2am Friday and Saturday so... Just remember that a great late night food option!
Saranghae Seorabol!There isn't a lot of authentic Korean food in center city Philadelphia. For that you have to travel to the outskirts like Upper Darby and Cheltenham. Seorabol does have a location near Cheltenham and it's one of the longstanding outposts for authentic Korean food. Other Korean restaurants in CC have opted for a more fusion style. 
Seorabol Center City does what others thought not to, but it was a hit for my two non-Korean companions. We were at the Loew's hotel for a training and decided to make the 10 minute walk to try it out. They were both very pleased. There is a small (4 or 5 item) lunch special menu with everything $10 on that menu. We had two stone rice pots (dol sot bibim bap) and one noodles in black bean sauce (jjajang myun). The side dishes were very good and their stone pot dishes were quickly consumed. My noodles were a little undercooked, but otherwise very enjoyable. And for a meal in the city, walking out having paid a $12-13 for a hearty lunch makes my wallet happy.Pros
- very good side dishes
- attentive service 
Cons
- expensive drinks 
- food wasn't so good 
Probably would not come back. But it was a good experience.The food here is seriously so delicious! I ordered the seafood pancake and seafood tofu pot through their new online delivery website and was surprised how fast my food came. I was worried about ordering soondobu online and was wondering how it would be delivered, but the careful packaging and the boxes won me over. I was surprised to see the soondobu full of seafood since this is not always the case at other Korean restaurants. The prices are high but the quality of food is top notch. The side dishes were just as delicious and the choco pie was a delight!Just happened to roam around downtown and got hungry. Everything around was either lunch trucks, Tex-mex style, or nothing crave-worthy. Walked in and was greeted immediately . We wanted some Authentic and we definitely got it. Cool vibe and waiter was on point. The owner came out and introduced himself as well. He went from table to table which I thought as pretty cool. A couple of cocktails and great food and off we go.  Thanks Seorabol! Two happy camperI ordered takeout via Ritual for lunch. While I was only in there for a minute or two, the restaurant seemed spacious and clean. I looked around thinking I would come eat here in person if I liked my food.
I ordered the dolsot bibimbap and I really liked it! I love when dishes aren't over-salted or sauced. This came with sauce on the side and was not too salty at all. It also came with a bunch of interesting sides to eat with the dish. At $14 I feel like I got a good amount for my money.
The server was friendly and my order was correct and given to me on time. I would definitely try Seorabol again!This place was so great. I have two difficult food allergies for Korean food (wheat and sesame) but the chef was able to accommodate. Our server was excellent. Their yogurt soju was really good too. I am used to Korean food in LA and this place was right up there.I went during their soft opening on a quiet Sunday afternoon and it was the most successful Korean dining experience I've had in Pennsylvania (outside of my mother's kitchen).
We ordered the scallion pancake, spicy octopus, ox bone soup with dumplings, and SRB kalbi. I really liked their scallion pancake, it was thicker than other restaurants and had a definite crunch on the outside while still being soft and chewy on the inside. 
The spicy octopus was super spicy and bright red. It came in a stone bowl and the rice made a delicious crust at the bottom after I sweated my way through the tender octopus. 
The ox bone soup was really smooth and mild. It clearly had no helping hand from any instant powders. The dumplings were surprisingly huge and very filling. 
The kalbi should always be the king of any Korean meal and the SRB version held up to the role. It was so tender and deeply flavored and was a generous portion. I'm glad that they cooked it for us because I tend to overcook my meats which would have been tragic for this dish.
Everyone was super polite and happy to answer any questions but gave us space to enjoy the meal. They were playing some old school kpop which made me really happy. Definitely some Fin.K.L and S.E.S. 
Because we came at such a weird time, we were actually the only ones there and the owner/chef, Chris, was able to come out and talk to us! He commented on our super clean plates and asked us for future menu items (I pushed for Korean desserts). It's so obvious that he cares deeply about making this a long-lasting, authentic place. We had a really good talk about the Korean immigrant experience and how much closer he feels to his parents and their history since opening the restaurant.
I've always complained to friends about how Philly had a huge Korean food void and I'm glad that it's finally been filled by Seorabol.Place is so good!  Their pancake so crispy good!  Wish I lived closer I'd eat here everyday!I like this place quite a lot. Wanted to grab some dinner with a friend of mine prior to a show at the Kimmel, and saw this on Yelp. We were in the mood for Korean, so it was great. I've been to the one in North Philly before with the same name, and enjoyed the food but thought it was expensive. The food and price here were both decent. Much smaller location, but seems more intimate and one can definitely have a date here. Service here was good, but when it got a little busy, we were somewhat forgotten. However, place was small enough that we were able to grab someone.
The selection is decent; there's not too much, and the pricing is decent. We came during Happy Hour, and pretty much ordered the entire menu. The little tapas that come out at first were GOOD.  The seafood pancake was average. We got the SRB Galbi to share, and it wasn't that special. The Buldak was HOT but delicious. Finally, the kimchi fried rice was also pretty decent.Came here with a friend because we had the BOGO offer with bibimbap. It was his first experience with Korean cuisine so we went for the most popular dish! 
Dolsot bibimbap came sizzling in the stone bowl, and we couldn't be happier with our lunch choices.
Also, their side dishes are amazing.
Will be back with another GF friend, server said they have Gluten Free hot sauce to go with the bibimbap, but sadly the only protein option would be tofu.Since moving back to the states from Busan, I have missed good Korean food dearly. Seorabol is the best Korean food that I have had in Philadelphia hands down and makes me feel like I am back in Korea. The food is exactly the same as it was in Myeongji Dong Ocean city and makes me so nostalgic. Wonderful experience!Top Notch and highly recommend. Glad this opened in Center city! The rice bowl was great during lunch.Great Korean food in Center City!  Amazing customer Service.
This restaurant is conveniently located off Broad. With an unassuming exterior (kind of looks like an apartment building), this place is a hidden gem. The food was delicious. I had the Bibimbap which was delicious and hearty. I had enough left over for another meal. While the food was great, what really made the experience was the incredible customer service. Each host/server was so kind. They were able to rush out our food when we were short on time without losing any quality. The servers offered to mix our food for us and were very attentive and helpful throughout the meal.  I highly recommend Seorabol!Great restaurant. Linda provided excellent service during my visit. It was my first time there and I must say that the food was delicious and wholesome. The restaurant was clean and the food was fresh. 
Between the good food and great service provided by Linda, 5 Stars is well deserved!Very near Kimmel Center, very pleasant Korean restaurant has excellent service, very nice menu selection of well prepared food, and warm decor.New restaurant conveniently located. Came with group of 5, wanting Korean food! 
We were excited after reading an article and reviews, came here about 7:30. Restaurant was not busy, so we were seated right away. 
Ordered sweet n spicy cho chicken, seafood pancake, and dteobukki (what the duk) as starters, was served a few types of banchan. 
Mains included dolsot bibimbap, ox tail soup, beef soup, and kimchi tofu soup. 
Seafood pancake was great.
Dolsot bibimbap looked good (person was happy) 
The rest was meh. 
Pretty disappointed. Banchan was o.k. I think maybe philly center city is not the place for Korean..Excellent Korean food, definitely my favorite place in the city. The bon chan is always delicious and comes with delivery as well as a surprise Korean treat! Their Yukaejang is the best I've ever had and isn't filled with the fern brake which I usually pick out anyways. I also love their jaeyuk bokkeum. If you ask for extra spicy they will test you so beware! Overall my favorite spot for Korean comfort foodThis is a really cool spot for a casual lunch or dinner  and some darn good food. I came here for an early dinner on Thursday with my wife. The place has a modern but casual design. There is a spacious seating area with about 20 tables. There were Happy Hour drink and food specials, which was cool. We got the beef dumplings and spicy chicken for appetizers, both on the happy hour special menu. The spicy chicken was more sweet than spicy and tasted like sesame chicken. My wife didn't like the chicken, but I did. We both didn't care much for the dumplings. They were cooked well but the stuffing was bland. 
For dinner my wife ordered the bibimbap and I ordered the grilled short rib. The short rib was grilled to perfection. It came with a bean paste that I didnt care for. The ribs would have been better with the bibimbap sauce. I should have asked for a side of that sauce. The ribs came with white rice which was cooked perfectly. My wife loved the bibimbap in the sizzling bowl. I tasted it and it was delicious. 
The stars of the show, though, where the several sides they served before the entrees. The kimchi, hotdogs, and tofu were killer. And they keep refilling them upon request. 
Overall, we really enjoyed our experience. The prices are good and the portions are good. The service was also topnotch. They have a full bar, including sake, which is cool. I recommend this place.Today was their first day doing Happy Hour prices and portions so me and my friend decided to go in. We were seated and given water and tea very quickly. Servers were speedy and nice. The food was super good and authentic. My favorite was definitely the General Cho's Wings, the WhatTheDduk, and the Jajangmyun. But everything was honestly pretty good. Flavor was definitely on point. 
It's a great, delicious addiction to the center city area. I'm glad that this North Philly originated food is now much more accessible to many.This is an awful restaurant. Beware!
It's not the main restaurant with the table top grills. It's is something less. 
Less taste
No sizzle
Unfriendly waiters
stay awayThis was the best Korean that I've had in about 9 years since leaving Kansas City. I loved that you still got the small sides even with delivery. My husband and I were on a date overnight and wanted something but didn't want to go out in cold! They delivered early and called to let us know they'd be there soon. No problems getting our food. 
Spicy pork was delicious. Some of the sides were bland while others were amazing. I think it was radish with spice that was awesome and the kimchi was great! Ordered the dumplings, as well, which were great! Loved that it came with dipping sauce! 
Would definitely order again from here if in town!It's like going back home and eating food made by your mom or someone's mom. i only eat a few dishes so i know v well what i like and don't like in a dish. sulrong tang is my classic and i finished it to the last drop of soup. authentic and delicious! can't wait to try more dishes!
we came by on an eagles sunday to find that others also had the same idea. and we thoroughly enjoyed the informal dining experience as guests and staff joined in the highs and lows of an eagles game!Yummmmm Yummm! I've been looking for a good Korean restaurant for a while. The others  I went to in center city is OK, but this place is awesome! And ban Chan (I hope I spelled it right) but there's kimchi, etc, which should be part of the meals! I got the kalbi short ribs. Some soup, I was very happy!!!The food was incredible. Didn't have a lot of experience with Korean food but the staff was super friendly and answered all of our questions. Would definitely come back when in the area again. Probably going to order the homemade kimchi onlineThere is finally some decent Korean food in center City. The hwe dub bap and yukgaejang was delicious. I have yet to try the BBQ but the prices seemed reasonable. Looking forward to trying there full menu3.0/5
Maybe it's because I got the buy 1 get 1 free discount, so they made them quickly, but I thought their hot stone bibimbap was really oily and as a result, tasted kinda soggy. It didn't have any of the crispiness that I like in bibimbap. The veggies in the bibimbap itself were good, and they gave a lot of gochujang -- I would just cut down on the oil.My second visit here and I'll still impressed. The service and food are on par with the best I've hadCame to Seorabol after work one day with a couple of friends for their new happy hour. We were seated pretty quickly and ordered all the food on the happy hour menu, which included the kimchi fried rice, mandoos, general cho chicken wings, fried rice cakes, jjajang myun (black bean noodles), and buldak (spicky chicken), as well as a bottle of soju to share (they have fruit flavored soju!!) All the food was really good, but I particularly enjoyed the jjajang myun, and the general cho chicken wings. The waiters were attentive and constantly filling up our water and tea. All in all, a nice addition to the happy hour scene, great food and great prices!Great service and delicious food! I had the bipimbab which was delicious and I love the side dishes they serve just like in Korea.I believe a good restaurant not must only be good food but good service. I'm happy to see more korean restaurants in the city. Seorabol is definitely the go-to and it's in a prime location. Mind you, the food is not 100% traditional korean, but the foundations are. They serve side dishes with entrees and I see some dishes (black bean noodles) that aren't served in some korean restaurants. I'm def happy about that. Also, Happy hour is the BOMB. Dishes are like $5 and cocktail is $6. Will definitely come back. Everyone is super friendly there.This is my favorite Korean restaurant in Philadelphia. There's not many places that provide such an authentic taste to there meals! 
The servers are always so attentive to your needs and are friendly as well. 
The food comes out in a very timely matter and they also provide small dishes before the actual entree. This is such a plus because most Korean restaurants don't provide this, especially in the city. 
I highly recommend this spot if you're looking for some great Korean food in center city!I hate paying an obscene amount of money for Korean food. Seorabol's happy hour and lunch menu really help keep this poor student's budget intact while tending to his home cooked cravings. Great service and really attentive staff!Awesome place!! I actually got to know about Seorbol via YouTube from the owner, cool guy. I got the beef dumplings, they're amazing.As a native Korean i had a high hope for this place but i walked out of this restaurant with nothing but disappointment. 
The mandoo gook i ordered (which is basically a dumpling soup) was just factory produced broth and dumplings from the dumpling shop by Hmart. I could have literally made the same stuff for like 5 bucks at home if not less. Banchans were nothing like authentic Korean. And like many of the reviews said, the service was horrible. My server never came back to check up on us or asked us if we needed anything. I somehow was able to get a hold of him for a check and even that took him forever. But you know what, i dont blame him because there were only 2-3 servers in the entire busy restaurant. 
Sorry serabul, I won't be coming backGreat Korean food in Center City! Spicy pork hot stone bibimbap is amazing every time.I've been counting the days until the Center City Seorabol opened, as we love the Olney Seorabol. As others have written, I was more than a little disappointed that this Seorabol does not have in-table grills. Didn't love the sports-bar vibe; however, service was fine and the food was generally good (particularly the mandu, kimchi pancake, and stone pot bibimbap--the rice got nice and crispy after letting it sit for a bit).
Will likely make the trek to Olney for my next Seorabol fix, but hope it does well in this central location!Nice casual place and good service. Inexpensive.  But the food was overall disappointing however. 
The Korean appetizers brought out before the meal were good but boy were they tiny and scant. Not what I am used to in Korean restaurants. The kimchi pancake and seafood pancake appetizers were excellent. Tasty and not overly greasy 
Some of our main dishes were OK, but others were pretty bad. The spicy octopus was flavorful and just the right amount of heat, but the octopus was just about the most rubbery tough that  I have had in an Asian restaurant, or any other type of restaurant for that matter. The house special SRB barbecued short rib was a plate of bones. When it first came out I thought, wow that's a lot of meat. But it was really just comprised of sliced bones with barely any meat on it at all. Big bummer. The bibimbap was OK though several people found it boring.
The menu at present is extremely limited, but they've only been open a few weeks and apparently the limited menu reflects only a partial listing of what they will ultimately offer. It is certainly much more limited than what is listed for their restaurant in the Northeast. Hopefully not only will the menu expand but the quality will improve. 
I understand that a brand new restaurant can have a challenging start, although because this is an offshoot of a well-established and apparently well-liked restaurant elsewhere in the city (though I have never been there) I'm surprised the start is so wobbly. It would be nice to have a good quality Korean restaurant locally here in the neighborhood so I hope it improves.I was so excited when I heard that Seorabol was opening in center city. I loved going to the original. Seorabol did not disappointed. We started with the kimchi pancake. Perfectly crispy along the edge. The rice cake was an interesting twist on the original with the skin slightly fried. The rice in hot stone was perfect comfort food after a long day. My husband order a beef stew that was light and savory. The Galbi was yummy! Perfectly marinaded and so so so good. Food aside, service was attentive. I will still go the original for grilling the Korean bbq at the table but for my Korean food cravings, Seorabol in center city is perfect.A wonderful addition to the Seorabol family! We had a variety of dishes in our group, and all of them were wonderful. I almost didn't miss that there aren't grills in the tables. We had the ceviche, the SRB galbi, the spicy galbi, the spicy octopus, and, of course, the bulgogi. Everything was tasty and well-presented. Definitely up to the standards of the original restaurant. So happy to have this in Center City!Visited during lunch time yesterday and was surprised to find the place was not crowded. Enjoyed the banchan and the dolsot bibimbap I ordered. The server was very nice and asked if we would like more banchan after we finished some quickly while we were waiting to our main dish. Would go back there again.12/18/2019;
It's been lying in my collection for a while and we finally made it. Here's probably the best Korean cuisine I've ever had in philly! 
The waitress and waiter are extremely nice, and food's quality was shown started from the appetizers!
Seafood pajeon and Ddukbokkie were so good! Soondubu is the classic and there's a lot of soft tofu! 
The only thing is that the spicy chicken is way to spicy haha even tho there was cheese on it. So glad we got the one from happy hour menu so the portion is small. 
Love the music here too! So many classic Kpop songs that I listened toNot authentic at all!!! Slow customer service that took 30 minutes to notify us that they don't have lemonade that we ordered. If you are looking for authentic Korean food don't go - its very much just American kfoodOrdered take-out today and I couldn't be more pleased! Kimchi jjigae portion was enormous, well flavored and piping hot. It was served with white rice, 4 small banchan, and they even threw in a Choco-Pie as a small treat! I really appreciate that they included complimentary banchan, unlike most Center City Korean restaurants that charge you even for a small amount of kimchi. 
This will be my go-to spot from now on!! Love love love!! Can't wait to try their yukgaejang on my next order...which will probably be tomorrow!!