New location. Place is clean and very staffed up. The training team must still be helping. The concept is good. Order at tablets or at counter. My ticket time was about 8 minutes. So not a long wait for food. They were not very busy during my visit. The staff are friendly. The food is ok. Four stars for the staff working hard. If it was just rating the food, it would be 2 stars maybe 3 at best.There's not much that can be said. The Shake Shack experience is typically the same everywhere you go.
+Good food
+Friendly staff
This is the first Shake Shack I've been to outside of NYC. I've noticed that their large drink is bigger (although it had too much ice) and I got a little more fries in my order. I enjoyed my Shack Stack and my lady enjoyed her Chick'n Shack.Loved ordering from the kiosk. It took me and a friend a while to decide and having the kiosk was great cuz we could always cancel or change anything we wanted. 
The wait wasn't too long. It was just two burgers, fries, and a milkshake. Even though I ordered a strawberry milkshake, it didn't taste like it which was disappointing. The burgers, however, were delicious.Horrible service. Made a mistake in the app ordering and it wouldn't let me change it. Called the phone number and it was a robot answer. 2 options - call managers office for large parties or learn about hours. Called the managers office and no one picked up, they were "having fun with guests". Now I get a text that it is ready and I haven't even left my house. Very frustrated. Food probably isn't even going to be that good and the shakes taste fake. Calls themself shake shack but their shakes are horrible.We love to go to Shake Shack whenever possible. In Philadelphia, we got our chance once again. The burgers were great as expected and the fries were hot, crispy and tasty. We were not disappointed and ordering at a kiosk was fast and easy. They're doing it right and their consistency is excellent. We will definitely return for more at whatever location we find them in our travels.Came in with a few friends one evening around 8PM. Ibe been to Shake Shack before, so I knew what to expect with getting the true Shake Shack taste. I went to the order screen to place my order. I placed an order for a Double ShackBurger in a lettuce wrap instead of a bun and a side order of Fries. 
The store wasn't too crowded when I arrived, but my food still took about 15 minutes to be prepared, which I felt was a bit long for Shake Shack. 
Once my food was ready at the counter, it looked pretty good aside from the fact that my portion of fries did seem a bit skimpy. The cardboard holder of my fries definitely looked a bit empty. Regardless, I took my meal and sat down to eat. 
Overall, I did enjoy my meal. It was my first time getting the ShackBurger in a lettuce wrap, and I really enjoyed it. The fries were delicious and crispy. I would return to this location; I just think that they could use some improvement in speed of service and fry portions. I'm sure it isn't that way with every order; they may have been rushing to make mine. 
Shake Shack will always be a simple and fun spot for me. I would go here again.Cold fries. Missing ingredients on a dry bland burger. Needless to say I won't go back.Went on opening day. Great location, interior is nice, electronic kiosks for self-ordering. Takes about 10 minutes to get your food. Had the cheese burger and pie-oh-my. Overall, like other Shake Shacks, good quality food!Moist and juicy patty, semi-sweet potato roll, evenly melted cheese - this was truly a great burger experience. I ordered the double with lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions and shake sauce. 
Pros: 
- very fresh meat, bursting with savory-salty goodness. 
- evenly melted cheese, and none stuck to my burger wrapper. 
- pickles were thick and crunchy. 
- I don't know if it was a potato roll, but it was a great pair. 
Cons: 
- great burger but not sure if it should cost $9.
- only once piece of lettuce 
- who uses Roma tomatoes on a burger? 
- only two pickles, would have loved more. 
Suggestions: 
- please offer customization choices like 'extra lettuce' or 'extra pickles'. 
- please offer grilled onions.Usually go to the one near rittenhouse square but this new one is a welcome addition to midtown village.  The establishment is clean, the staff friendly, the app a bit clunky. Its not overly obvious where the credit card slot is.  I found this one to have a very small menu compared to other shake shacks. I hope eventually more items start popping up.
Fries are always top notch at shake shake,  i found the burger very salty the last visit, usually i like them.  
Will probably be back, though i like the one on Rittenhouse more still.Where do I start? The food was absolutely delicious and fresh! Upon entry there was staff available to assist with ordering if you needed it. My mother had cheese in error on her burger and was remade without hesitation! I didn't know they buttered your bun and when I asked for just a bun without it-they offered to remake my burger but I was not looking for a freebie. I got what I ordered initially but they were so accommodating to make it right. The fountain Diet Coke needed replaced and all this was taken care of by Tyshier while he was on break! I had no idea until after he took care of our concerns and had a short break afterwards. You don't find employees like that. He could of sent me to the counter or anything but took care of it himself! KUDOS KUDOS! I can't wait to go back~if you don't try this place-you're missing out! I waited patiently to let the manager Lucas know as well. My mother said "I can't eat one if these burgers everyday. I'll definitely be backI went here on my lunch break, it was pretty crowded.  I think the ordering system is weird , there are two options, touch screen computers and telling your order to a human.  I ultimately had to opt for a human experience because when I tried to use the touch screen computer and order , I was unable to since I didn't have the required payment method (can't remember what it was I just know I didn't have it) .  
Subsequently I had to stand in line which is inconveniently located behind the computers. I thought that was a strange floor plan design decision, because it was cramped and weird but I'm not an architect... I'm a foodie. 
I ordered a bacon burger with their special mayo sauce or whatever and some cheese fries a coworker recommended.  Customer s review de was great.  They take your name and when your order is up they call your name.  
Overall the burger was tasty,  I would definitely buy it again, and the fries were good too.  
Damn ....now I want a burger smh.It's shake shack so obviously it's amazing. 
The staff is always very friendly and the line goes relatively quick (if there is one) 
The space is a decent size, they have a lot of tables outside and a communal table along with several booths inside. 
Condiments are easily accessible. 
If you just want water there's a free tap in the back. 
Definitely great quality for it being a fast food restaurant. 100% affordable.  
Shack sauce is delicious. I typically get the shack burger which I always feel like I could eat two. 
They do offer gluten free buns which is Pretty cool honestly.This is the worst shake shack I have ever been to and I've been to many! Staff here are slow and discourteous to patrons. Get it together!!What a joke of an establishment! There are problems here that will definitely keep me from returning. First let's start with the ordering system. They really want you to use their kiosks to order, however the first two I tried to use didn't even work. There are no instructions advising that they only accept Apple Pay or chip cards. The screen gives a swipe option but there is no slider. One of the employees said to swipe because he didn't even know that you cannot swipe. So I inserted my chip card, of course there is no indication on the terminal of where to insert your card and if you're not an Apple Pay person, you will be completely lost.
After about 5-10 minutes wasted trying to order my food finally came. The burger had a single piece of lettuce about 2 inches wide 2 tiny slices of tomato that looked like they were cut from those tiny salad tomatoes and a tiny ring of onion about an inch wide. It looked ridiculous, and tasted like a burger with no toppings which was not what I wanted. The burger was OK, much greasier than I've had at other locations. Fry oil did not taste fresh either, seriously disappointing! Overall- ordering sucks, food is subpar and the time it takes to order and actually get your food is too long for a lunch break. If on lunch try somewhere else...Just used up my daily calorie allotment, and it was so worth it! We got cheeseburgers and cheese fries and both were sooo good! The burger was juicy and the shake shack sauce really goes well with it. The fries were crispy and delicious. Kiosks were easy to use and food came out quickly and was nicely presented. A staff member went around the restaurant to ask whether customers needed anything. The location is airy with lots of light from the many windows. The only negative I have is that the paper towel and bathroom tissue holders were non-existent so the towels were both just sitting on the counter/shelf. I have to say I've had in-and-out burgers and IMO this place is better.Soft opening.  Ordered 3 burgers, 2 fries [meant to order 3 but app wont allow you to make a separate order once your 1st order has been processed!! ] and 3 shakes. 
1 STAR FOR THE APP:
First, I have to admit, I did go there earlier [to order the cheese fries that we forgot to order] but found out they havent even started on my app order.  She wrote down all of my orders and stated that she'll expedite as soon as possible but I kept seeing all of the Kiosk orders being prepped first.  She offered to give me a drink while I waited but that didnt sit right with me.. 
While waiting, I get a text msg at 11:12a stating my orders were ready for pickup .. not quite. They eventially managed to get my order within 15mins. 
She apologized for the glitch in the app/PC interface and offered to give me cheese for the fries [which she added] and an xtra burger [which we didnt see].  :/
4 STARS FOR THE FOOD
Overall I've been to several Shake Shacks in NY and other Philly stores and the food was pretty consistent but only had the basic menu!  Hopefully they'll add more options in the near future?
MISC:
One thing I would recommend: please mark your food.  We couldnt tell which of the shakes was the shake vs the malt [xtra cost].Ordered the Chicken Sandwich, yeah I know it's a burger place, and it was delicious, but the customer service and wait time was terrible. Needs something other than high prices , if they ever think they will beat out 5 guysI just had shake shack for the first time day and I went to this location my burger and cheese fries were good I was shocked can't wait to go back and try there MilkshakesI can't express how overjoyed I was when I moved back to Philly after a year living in a city without a close Shake Shack and found out there's a Shake Shack within a 5 minute walk from me! Shake Shack is my go-to burger place and has great fries and cookies and cream milkshakes (all my cravings in one place!) It is definitely the best chain burgers in America. I've been here countless times since I moved back in July. There is plenty of seating and never much of a line so you get your food pretty fast. The quality of my burgers here haven't been consistent compared to other locations (including the 22nd street one also in Philly), and they even ran out of ketchup in the dispensers completely once which really sucked, hence the 4 stars. Overall I don't think this is the best Shake Shack location you will find, but it is good enough for me to keep coming back for my burger/fries/milkshake fix!!The walk up order interface was easy to navigate, place my order & pay. 
Since I only ordered an ice tea and cheese fries my wait was pretty short - less than five minutes. Others that ordered burgers were waiting a bit longer because cook time is longer. Mr fries were crispy perfection and the ice tea was really nice, not over brewed. I plan to come back and try more of the menu especially in the warmer months to get the shakes or concrete.Omg worst shack burger I ever had my burger didn't fit my bun and the manger came over and replaced my burger!! I still will never return I'll keep going to my local Shake Shack 32nd Chestnut St.Now the food is good, there's no lie about that. The reason I gave this location 1 star is because of the unacceptable service. The person sitting behind the counter who was making themselves look busy had to call another employee from the complete other side of the kitchen to take my order. I paid cash so I had the timer in my hand and it turned out they were "too busy" to put my order in the system and I sat like an idiot waiting for a cold burger and mediocre fries. While my girlfriend ordered from the kiosk and got her food immediately. Leave it to computers to take over these lazy workers jobs.Burgers are amazing, shakes are a must.  Good food, great staff. Takes a while to get your food since they make everything to order but worth it.Love Shake Shack glad there's one in Philadelphia! I've been to shake shack before in NYC but here in Philadelphia is one of the better experiences I've had. The food is high quality and the staff and nice and very friendly. My mother has never been to shake shack and I brought her she loved it! The sports playing in the background, the music, and the staff are all great and make for a pleasurable eating environment. The only problem I have is that it took a few minutes for our food but it didn't really affect our enjoyment of this restaurant.It was every bit as delicious as was discussed  with me before hand. Amazing food and open later than previously thought. Definitely go for the cheese fries.Had lunch on a Tuesday. Crowded, yet efficient. Relatively noisy. But, it was a happy noise. Kiosk ordering is so user-friendly that a kid could do it. 
Ordered the double burger with friend shallots and the mushroom burger. No fried today. Just a couple of soft drinks. 7 minutes later a very nice guy shouted out my name and I came to the counter to get my order. Walked to my table and immediately noticed that my double burger was only a single. Went back and showed him and he immediately ordered a new burger to replace it. I tried to hand the single burger back and he told me to keep it. Sweet! A couple of minutes later, a different, yet equally as nice young man brought my burger out to me. Apologized and swiftly walked away. 
I didn't plan on eating a single and a double. Rest assured that I did though! These burgers are no joke! That mushroom burger defies all explanation! Try it! 
Overall, I want to move closer to this place so I can stalk, I mean, "visit" them on the regular! 
Kudos to the crew here! They recovered quite nicely!Went here around 9:30pm to order two shakes. Took 20 minutes to get them. Ordered at the kiosk, which was fairly easy, and was told I'd get a text when the shakes were done. Got a text prematurely and waited at the counter for 10 minutes to get our drinks. Drinks were ok, pretty basic milkshakes. It seems they were off this night - many people waiting 30+ minutes for food. Not a fun first-time experience.The best burgers in the US. This is my go to place for chain burgers. My personal favorite is the one with mushrooms and pairing it with fries and milkshake (coffee or chocolate). You can never go wrong with their burgers. The place can get very crowded during lunch hours but not so much during dinner. Originally from New York, they have multiple branches here in Philly! Staff are very friendly and you can easily order online too! Service is quick and the place is relatively clean! Would always come back to order more burgers!For the first time, this place was a disappointment. They have always earned their 5 stars from me. The burger was tasty, but the tomato's were gritty, squishy, and over-ripened. The fries, undercooked, mussy, and exuded a slight hint of freezer burn. When did they stop serving fresh cut fries? That's what brought me in to this place before. $50 for 3 cheese burgers, a hot dog, 2 French fries, and 3 shakes is one thing, but paying that price for less than par produce is a travesty. A rare Shake Shake poor performance today. Hopefully this is a one-off and isn't the beginning of a sad trend.I've always been a fan of shake shack but my most recent visit has left me a little let down. I tried the gochujang chicken burger but it was just a soggy mess all around, with sauce all over the bun and really didn't have any texture besides a spicy gochujang mush. I ordered their fries and asked for them extra crispy, but did not receive them as any different than normal with minimal crisp.Went to this relatively new location for an $8 shroom burger, which I have had before multiple times. I love it!! This particular sandwich came with a quarter piece of lettuce and two tiny slivers of tomato. Frustrated, I questioned it and an employee told me "that's our standard". I know THAT is not the standard. Mad as shit I paid $8 for a slice of deep fried portobello mushroom on a bun!This location is fun! It's a bit more open than the other locations in the city, and they even have kiosks to make ordering faster.
There is a caveat to this in that it relies on you getting a text message when your order is done, which is an imperfect system. I'd rather they keep the buzzers for all customers regardless of where your order because cell phones are largely unreliable when it comes to getting text messages, especially indoors. 
I must say, for such a central location, the kitchen puts out food about as quickly as they do at a normal location, which is way more impressive because some locations take as long as a sit-down place with 3 courses.
In any case, if you're hankering for a decent burger (or chicken shack, just saying) without sitting down and you're around, this place is pretty reliably Shake Shack.$15.14 for a small hamburger, small fries, and two medium cokes.  Never going back.If you never been to any Shake Shack, go back in the womb and restart your life. The best chicken and shroom burgers everrrr! May look plain but there is FLAVOR (I don't really eat beef but everyone says their burgers are good) Omg I always mention how picky I am in my reviews right? Very important. I don't even KNOW what's in the shack sauce and I could eat a bucket of it, ok that's gross but you get the point. I used to live in NY so when they finally came to Philly I was likeee hallelujah!!! Where else can you get a bomb sandwich, quick, with a glass of wine or a beer? I'll wait.We had a cooking mishap last night with dinner and hubby saved us by ordering Shake Shack so we could quickly eat something delicious. He ordered the new KFC sandwich and I ordered the Shack Stack with the Shroom burger and a regular burger patty (comfort food vibes). We also picked up a small side of fries with the new Gochujang sauce. The Shack Stack was cheesy, delicious, and consistent with what I expected. 
The new Korean inspired items were less impressive. The chicken sandwich was good, but KFC is typically very crunchy chicken and this sandwich was not. We've ordered KFC to-go from other places in the pandemic and it held up its crunch so I don't think the takeout aspect was the culprit here. The Gochujang sauce was a good sauce but it tasted like any other burger sauce or spicy mayo. That could just be my unfamiliarity with what Gochujang sauce is or should taste like. It was still a good sauce and the fries were consistent with what I expect from Shake Shack.
Great job with the consistency of the normal menu items and with social distancing, etc. at the store. "Meh" to the Korean inspired items from me.This location just opened and it's so nice! You can't order from an actual person anymore but instead order at a kiosk, submit your number, and then they text you when it's ready. So much nicer than having to use those dirty vibrating discs that other locations have. The only thing is that if you want something extra (like extra pickles), you can't tell them when you are ordering but have to go up to the people making food and then let them know. The employees are super super helpful. She offered to get the extra pickles for me and also brought our food out to us and cleaned our trash up. Service kinda reminded me of chick fil a, but better! They also constantly went around wiping down tables. The burgers were fresh as always and I tried a vanilla milkshake for the first time. The milkshake was solidly good, but it had some icy bits in it which weren't great, I would prob get a milkshake from them again though. Overall really great experience!My husband and I ordered take out from Shake Shack the other day. We live about 4 blocks away and our food was ready by the time we got there, which we appreciated! They had a covid bouncer, enforcing a strict one person/group in, one out. So we were especially glad we had ordered beforehand because the line to order was somewhat long.
We got home and unpacked our food. We both ordered the regular shack burger and I ordered hot spicy fries. The burgers are amazing! Like so amazing you wonder how the hell did they make a fast food burger so delicious?!  It was juicy, flavorful and cheesey! 
The hot and spicy fries were so spicy, I was running to my fridge, grabbing the milk and drinking directly from the jug! I honestly thought spicy meant like Cajun seasoning, where it had a little kick to it. I was so very wrong! My husband tried them and he was also shocked by how hot they were. He couldn't eat them either.
Overall, food is great! Watch out for the spicy fries, though! If you order them, you might consider asking for the spicy seasoning on the side. We will definitely order from here again!Believe it or not...not all shake shack's are the same.  Some are larger, some are more convenient, and some could be less crowded.  This location happens to be all 3 of these reasons.  
This is a newer location that opened up in the past two years.  Now there is a Shake Shack on both sides of Broad St.  While I like the other location, it's can be a wait for your order.  Not so with this branch.  lo and behold, there are order kiosks to be used for NFC and charge card payments.  I can't tell you how much easier this makes ordering.  No need to wait in line while someone ahead figures their order out when they get to the register.  There are several kiosks here that allow you to choose dine-in or take out before proceeding to the actual food items.  When you are finally finished you can pay with Apple or Google Pay or a credit/debit/gift card.  Super easy order process.  Those paying with cash or just want to talk to someone can order from the persons at the register.   I like the option of ordering from the kiosk when their are lines.  This enabled you to avoid them.  
You have the option to enter your cell phone number for a notification when your order is ready.  I did this, but I was greeted, with a nice surprise.  An employee brought more order to me after calling my name out.  I did not even have to go back to the register area for pickup!
The location is also notable for having a lot of space.  There is a lot of seating space available.  I have also noted that this location is also a bit less busy than the location at 20th and Sansom.  Also makes for more seating space.  
I have not noticed any difference with the food here.  It is the same price and quality.A very nice location and likely the best in Philly. This Shake Shack is one of the first to introduce a self order and payment system. It is very efficient and makes it easy to order without having to wait in a long line. The service is fast and the workers are extremely nice and talkative. The staff will go above and beyond to make your experience great here. 
This establishment is very clean and has very nice decor and a good amount of searing and televisions. I would also like to complement the great music choice. 
The food here is very good. A new item on the menu is the chicken bites, which come in a variety of sizes. These bites are brand new and extremely tasty. They have a soft juicy consistency on the and are very crispy on the outside. They are probably the best I've ever eaten at a fast food joint. Well seasoned and definitely a great addition to the menu. 
I also recommend any of the burgers and shakes on the menu. They are always good and have a great taste. They have excellent lemonade and will give you refills if you ask. 
This is definitely the best location of Shake Shack that I have ever been to. Staff are nicer than most joints and the self order as well as the cashier order are both options here. It is very convenient and they give you very good service. I strongly recommend this locationOrdered bacon fries received regular fries. They were good but, I didn't have time to go back and get what I paid for...I was enchanted by the media blitz of this popular chain. I was excited to try it. The service was inattentive and slow. The burger and bun were good, though the meat was skimpy. The fries were fine.  Not sure what all the hype was about since the food and customer experience was standard.We made mobile orders at this shake shack. They were always ready by the time stated it will be ready on the app. The employees were courteous and quick. The food was still hot. However the second time which was the next day, it was past rush-hour and the food got a bit cold. The mushroom burger wasn't as good since the cheese kinda solidified and wasn't melted like the first time I ordered there. I would still go back for another burger.after waiting half an hour standing outside they gave me the hamburger without bread tube to wait 35 more minutes for them to put bread is a total waste of timeI visited with friends in Aug. outdoor seating was available. Even though I don't like coleslaw! This was delicious!!! The waitress was cool! The adult drinks where okExcellent Burger's, I've never had a bad meal for this place.  I dare say,  possibly the greatest burger's I've ever had. Keep doing what you do Shake Shack.The chicken is pretty tasty but they're a little small. The fries are also good. 
The cheese sauce was kind of stiff and had that unpleasant layer at the top that forms when it's been sitting too long. That was disappointing. 
Service was okay. The employee was nice and the food came out in a decent amount of time.My mom got me and my sister a cheeseburger with pickles, fries and an Oreo milkshake which were delicious. Me and my sister instantly like shake shack and my mom starts ordering a lot there so I can definitely say that I like shake shack.
All in all I can say that shake shack is four stars with its delicious burgers and ordering and delivering serviceLike all the other Shake Shack locations I've been to, this one is no different. Food was great and the wait time wasn't bad.Came here for lunch because I walked past on my way back from Staples. 
The store had a couple of tables set up, but mostly was empty space due to COVID. You ordered via one of two active touchscreen monitors, and then put your phone number in so they can text you when it's ready. 
The fried chicken sandwich upgraded with bacon and avocado really hit the spot. It also had mayo and pickles. The crinkle cut fries survived the walk back to work and were still crispy. It was just enough for an order to fill you up. They also threw in some ketchup packets.
The very friendly staff was following all COVID-19 protocol with masks. Masks required when waiting for your food to be made. Almost wished I got the shake too!
$12.45 for the fried chicken sandwich and fries. Decent!This was my first time here and it was a seamless experience! You can place your order at the kiosks when you walk in the door or you can order at the counter. No sooner had I submitted my order and I got a text message saying my order was ready for pick-up at the counter. The next minute, my name was being called and picked up my shake and left. 
The inside of the building was clean and organized. The employees were working really hard and were getting orders ready quickly. I noticed an attention to detail of theirs - there was an employee stationed in the midst of the people waiting for their orders. She was asking people if they had ordered already or not and was directing people appropriately. She asked me if I had ordered and since I did, I moved over to the order pick-up line. I appreciated the intention to create an as straightforward ordering experience as possible for customers. I will definitely be back!Better than in and out and five guys (which are both top notch burgers) Better than everywhere and everything. We got pick up and it was prompt and accurate. I love this place more than anywhere. My favorite burger on the planet. Nothing beats it. Come here.My first Shake Shack visit was here last week. As a long time CA resident and afficionado I understand that this in a high-class homage to a famous west coast burger chain (starts with In and ends with Out!). I will say quite different but a very enjoyable experience. 
Burger: very fluffy & soft yellow potato bun but with a slightly sweet flavor. Burgers are smashed and crispy, and you can tell the meat is a good quality grind. Cheese is expectable melty, bacon was pretty good and a nice smoke level (can't say that it was outstanding, but enjoyable). 
I think the Parmesan truffle fries were the champ: the truffle sauce is decadently rich, and the Parmesan was, at best, hiding like a barely glistening early season snowfall that quickly disappears...slightly pathetic. But the wavy fries are crispy and dynamite with that super thick truffle sauce. 
Yes I would eat here again if I want to splurge on a high-quality fast food burger. But I'd just as soon pay ~2x less and get the OG west-coast deal that makes up in style and  value, compared to what Shake Shack does with quality and class.Was honestly very underwhelmed with my Shake Shack experience. I've been told by a lot of people that it is their favorite burger and that it rivals Five Guys and In-n-out, but quite frankly it was just a decent burger, fries are average, and the prices are high! It's not something I ever feel like I have to order again.There aren't shake shacks where I'm from, so whenever I see one I take advantage! This location was VERY spacious (compared to one I went to in NYC), there were lots of available tables when we arrived for dinner! You get to order on a kiosk which I though was neat, you really get to personalize your meal! I ordered the shackburger, with no tomato and with pickle, well done. I also ordered fries and the pride shake, which is a June special. Everything came out as I wanted, and it all tasted delicious! Once my shake was melted, it was impossible to get the sprinkles with the straw, but I enjoyed the limited time shake. The service was great, the workers were really helpful and kept the place clean. Overall we had a great experience!I recently ordered here via DoorDash (amidst the pandemic).
Shake Shack burgers are usually among my favorites. I ordered from here to try their limited time Korean-inspired menu items, and I was disappointed with what I received. I had the Korean-Style Fried Chick'n and the Korean Gochujang Chik'n Bites.
To start off, the chicken in the sandwich did not really have a good texture to it as it was not crispy and mostly lathered with too much sauce. The kimchi was a good touch but not flavorful enough to really complement the sandwich as a whole.
The chicken bites were $7.79 (same price as the sandwich), but I received like eight very small pieces. It was not worth it at all. The sauce that came with it was also very underwhelming.
Overall, I find that Shake Shack is usually very consistent and a great place to grab burgers. Unfortunately, these limited time Korean-inspired items were a good idea but poorly executed.It was really good. I've been to Shake Shack before and they never disappoint. This location had about 4 kiosks for customers to use to order their food if paying with a card and one register if paying with cash. The kiosk allow you to input if you have a food allergy and will show you which menu items contain each allergen, which is helpful. I ordered the strawberry mint lemonade, which seemed to be brewed warm and then poured over ice which didn't really help to cool the drink down. The chicken sandwich was amazing as always and the fries were cooked fresh.My burger could have been assembled with a little more care (the bun was pretty squished when I got it - see photo) but otherwise I have no complaints about this spacious Shake Shack where the service was timely and pleasant.I'm trying but I just don't get it. Half filled, frozen tasting crinkle cut fries and a underwhelming burger, that honestly isn't much better then what you get at Wendy's. Add a small drink and you're paying over 12 bucks.. End result, still hungry..
Other then the service being pleasant, I'm done with this place.. There are way better, fast casual spots in this city..I was in the area running errands and stopped by Shake Shack for a quick lunch. Ordered the Avocado Bacon Burger + Chicken, which was available for limited time. The sliced avocado was fresh and applewood-smoked bacon was delicious. Loved this new menu item and totally would order again!Quick, delicious food on Labor Day weekend 2021.  Masks required except while eating or drinking via city of Philadelphia mandate.  Clean restrooms and friendly staff found at this location.  Restaurant dining area (indoor dining open) is clean but there was a panhandler going from one customer to another asking for money, including bothering customers while eating at tables under the eye of employees.  I would have preferred the staff ask this gentleman to stop bothering paying customers. 
     Ordering is only available via mobile order or in the restaurant via ipad with credit cards only.  Texts to phone notify when order is received by the kitchen and again when it is ready for pickup.  Our order came out quickly and correctly.  My daughters and I all loved our juicy burgers and honey fries.  Prices are reasonable as well.  We don't have a Shake Shack in our hometown so we enjoyed trying something new to us.  Time from ordering to pick up was eight minutes, so quite fast considering there was quite a crowd on Sunday at 1pm.I have never been a bad experience at any Shake Shack- my default order is always the shack burger with cheese fries (like an old trusted friend) it's always comforting and makes you warm and fuzzy inside!
This location is organized and run like a well oiled machine- the kiosk ordering makes it easy and there is always seating! The space is clean and the condiments are always stocked and organized! They have two TVs as well- a fancier form of fast food I supposed! Two thumbs up!Ordered 2 nights ago and my burger was completely inedible. It was completely burnt and I'm shocked someone thought this was okay to serve up. These employees don't give a shit about you or what they are serving. I called and left a message for the manager and surprise surprise no return call. Don't waste your time or money. These people don't care about serving up sub par garbage that's drastically overpriced. Look at the photo they clearly don't care! A complete waste of money!The Culinary Adventures of Tom Coghlan, FB
I was working at 12th and Market, and was parking at 12th and Sansom... As I walked to my car at the end of my day, I passed a Shake Shack under construction at 12th and Chestnut...What I know about Shake Shack is this... It is owned and operated by Bobby Flay. He starts his employees at $15. an hour...I have NOTHING but respect for this man... The first time I went there, I was a bit disappointed... It was kind of my fault, and I decided to give it another shot, but different this time. When I first go to any eatery, I order items on the menu just the way they are served... The FIRST time... I ordered the Cheese Burger with Shack Sauce. It was served medium. First off, I don't use condiments, and second, I like my burgers well done! I like my Steak medium rare, but ground meat, I like well done. For me, the flavor is in the charr. I decided to try it again, but under my terms... The second time, I ordered a Cheese Burger, well done with extra cheese, lettuce, tomato, and pickle, an order of cheese fries... and a beer!  This time I WAS NOT disappointed! The Burger was cooked perfect and the extra cheese was well melted. The lettuce was crisp, and the tomatoes fresh! The three slices of pickle were perfect. It was all served on a Martins Potatoe Roll! It was a VERY GOOD BURGER! The cheese fries came with extra cheese. It was a REAL CHEESE sauce, not that fake plastic cheese whiz! I liked that!!!  I washed it all down with a cup of Shack Meister® Ale Made just for them by a Brooklyn Brewery... The employees were ALL very helpful and available! I WILL RETURN!Amazing! We had the best customer service here. During covid, the setup is interesting... You can order on the app or order through a glass window inside, but only one person can go in at a time. (Pro tip: If you order on the app, you can usually find a coupon on the internet!)I've been to Shake Shack's before...this one was probably the worst I've experienced. 
We were so excited when we parked the car and saw there was a Shake Shack near our final destination. We once had the Chicken Hot Dog here and have dreamed of it ever since. So....we ordered 2 chicken dogs and a kids meal for my one kid and a general hot dog for the other kid. Well, the skins on ALL the hotdogs were chewy...maybe overcooked? I can't explain it, it just wasn't good and made it hard to eat them...and it took awhile to eat. 
Not recommended, unless they shape up!mmmm burgers and milkshakes.  
i love that you can sit outside.  i also love that the food is always piping hot and delicious. I love the creamy cheesesauce for the fries. i love that even when the line looks long, the wait is never really that long. i love the reclaimed bowling lanes that have been turned into tables. 
i dont love: 
hmm. drawing a blank.Just had their burgers and hot dog.  The burgers were good but the chicken hot dog was very very dry tasted like cardboard.
Was very disappointment with their concrete donut thing.  Shakes were good .  Next time I think I will just stick to their burgers.  
All in all was a good experience.Tell Em, Sam!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecc0nbg9m-8Solid burgers and shakes.  
Best fast food-esque burger in Philly, definitely better than five guys.
Only draw back is the price...where it will run you about 15 bucks for a small burger (1 patty), fries and a shake.  A bit too expensive for casual lunch outside of NY.
The price is even more offensive after you consider a double double animal style with fries and a shake from In & Out Burger in LA is only 8 dollars.First time at the Shake Shake on a Saturday night at 9:30. It was still bumpin'. The menu is pretty big and written on the wall... It was a little overwhelming as a first timer. I went with a simple vanilla shake and my wife got a 50/50--iced tea/lemonade. My friend got a PB shake and fries. You get a buzzer to alert you when your food is ready--great idea! We got our items very quickly, despite it being very busy. There are tables and a counter to sit at. It was very full so we sat at the counter. The fries are really good--so crispy. The shake was also awesome--perfect consistency. Can't wait to go back and have burgers and fries. I like that they have tons of bike racks and planters around the inside.My first visit to Shake Shack (not just the one in Philly but any Shake Shack anywhere) was a success overall.
The line moved very quickly considering it was dinner time on a Friday night. I wasn't even planning to order anything as I wasn't hungry, but wound up with a bacon cheeseburger and a side of ice cream. Go figure.
The burger was very good though not some blissful nirvana that all the hype would suggest. A better one can be had right across the street at Village Whiskey. The ice cream (which I got carded for LOL) was a beer-nut flavor. It was good, though everyone else said it tasted beery...I didn't notice that, which probably indicates the degree to which my taste buds have been trained to ignore the taste of alcohol. Oops.What can I say, it's the best fast food burger out there. They cook them perfectly and dress them very well. There's no grease running off of them like disgusting Five Guys or Smashburger. The fries are great too. Considering this place went from a tiny cart in NYC to locations worldwide in about a decade, I'd say they're onto something.Every time I get a Shake Shack burger or chicken sandwich to go they never really make it to my front door. I still haven't figured out yet if they're just that good or too small. You have to almost always supplement with fries or a shake if you have a decent sized appetite. The parking and location can be a little awkward to get to. Still my go-to fast food burger spot at the moment. 4 stars for taste and quality, 2 for price, portion size, and wait time.It's a great fast food. The burgers and the lemonade are delicious. The only problem is that you leave the place smelling like smoke.If you are going here, I would definitely recommend the Shack stack burger. A beef burger with a veggie patty as well. The veggie patty consists of mushrooms stuffed with cheese. It is amazing. The fries however, are alright,they could use more cheese, and they were a bit salty. My husband got the double stack burger, and that was pretty salty as well.  The shakes are amazing though !Shake shack is ALWAYS delicious. I don't know who would give shake shack less than 5 stars. The staff is always friendly - every time I have a dog with me, someone brings out a water bowl without even asking - the service is quick, they have beer and wine!!! and the burgers are a revelation. The potato bun alone should win an award. Also, if you haven't had a peanut butter milkshake, you are missing out on life. Lastly... Not that I would ever choose this over the burger, but the buttermilk chicken sandwich is unreal. I tried it once and haven't stopped talking about it, but I can't stray from the original cheeseburger. Village whiskey is right across the street (also amazing) but I would still pick shake shack every. single. time. I'm obsessed.I had never been to a shake shack, so I can't speak to this one relative to others. The burgers here are really good, though I didn't love the shake shack sauce. Also there is lots of seating upstairs!This was my first visit to Shake Shack. The burger, fries, and shake held up to the hype. I loved the bun which had a hint of sort of sweet Hawaiian taste to it. The only problem with this place is the price.Food was really good! But they should rethink how to give food to go. By the time I got home, everything was cold :-( but it was still surprisingly good. A little pricey, but definitely worth a bite. I love the fact that you can get a beer and enjoy some good food. The cheese fries are a must!Always love shake shack the place AC was kinda high considering it was raining outsideOver the course of the years, I have heard many things about the different Shake Shack's in NYC, yet never got around to trying them. Luckily, they decided to open one in Philly, so I could skip the trip up north.
There has been picture after picture online of people waiting in long lines to eat at the new Shake Shack in Philly. Apparently these were all for lunchtime, as when I went here for dinner, there were only 6-7 people in front of us.
There was a woman handing out menus (which seemed unnecessary with such a little amount of customers in the restaurant, and with the menu posted humongously on the wall).
Ordered a ShackBurger, Shack-cago Dog, fries, and a Peanut Butter milk shake (don't worry it was between two people)/
The burger comes on a potato bun, and I am not impressed with it at all. By far the worst part of the meal. If looking for a quick burger go to 500 degrees or Starr's Square Burger instead. It tastes ok, but is also super small.
The Shack-cago dog was much better, with the frankfurter having quite the snap to it, and covered in your typical Chicago-style hot dog toppings.
Fries were the thick crinkle cut, that look like they come from the Ore-Ida freezer section. Despite my prejudices for these type of fries, they were still rather tasty.
The star of the show was the Peanut Butter milkshake though. I would definitely come back here to sample some of their other frozen goods. They have quite the list going with delicious sounding mix-ins like Truffle cookie dough, and termini bros cannoli shells.This place is a dump, long lines, over priced food. I compare this restaurant to a modern McDonald's.Stopped in on a Saturday night to grab the new hyped up Chick'n Shack sandwich which was really good in comparison to other restaurant chains. This location was spot on, food was great as always got to love those fries with cheese sauce and a nice beer to wash down all the goodness.. Service was very nice and relaxed. Personally I loved the seating upstairs away from the counter it was cool over looking Chestnut St below kinda different to say from most places that cram it into one area. I will def return back to this location it's my new spot when grabbing some Shake Shack in Philly!Finally tried Shake Shack in Center City and absolutely loved it! Paid approximately $10 for a single SmokeShack burger and a side of fries, which is actually a lot less than some other chain burger places in Philadelphia. The burger was juicy and the sauce on it was delicious! Definitely going back soongreat place for quick, but not cheap taste- beer and fries (who doesnt like this combo?). usually crowded, and sometimes the wait is long. maybe hard to find you seat. but the tables and seats rotate pretty fast. burgers, fries, milkshake and beer, are all good. personal favorite is beer + cheese fries on a sunny day, at the outside seating area.Wow. Tough crowd for Shake Shack. It's been interesting reading the reviews because I feel like a lot of people are overly trashing this place because they've heard great things about it and it's been hyped up so much. I guess that's natural. Some place that is supposedly super awesome rolls into town. You're disappointed. So then you take them down a peg--maybe to balance out what you think are the insanely optimistic reviews? One reviewer even suggested that people like this place because they want to look cool. Huh? 
Anyway, I think the 1 and 2 stars are way off. I give it a 4. The quality of the meat is superb. It's well-flavored and juicy. The bun is soft (and is NOT like McDonald's, as another reviewer suggested). The burger itself is smaller than, say, Five Guys, but I think it's a reasonable size, and honestly, it would not hurt us if we ate regular-sized hamburgers. I can't say that I am a big fan of their fries, but at least they aren't super greasy. I can't give Shake Shack a 5 because I do think it's overpriced.
I like this better than Five Guys but not better than my ultimate fast food favorite, In 'N Out (just throwing this out as a point of reference for my west coast peeps).
The dining area is well maintained, especially given the number of people that go through there. Whether or not you think Shake Shack is worth the wait is up to you. You should at least give it a try when the line isn't too long. Personally, I won't get in line if it's way out the door. But if it's reasonably close to the door, count me in.Love this location. Has a ridiculous amount of seating on the second floor, and a great place for groups. The quality here is not as good as the NYC locations, but the service is really fast. Overall, it's your standard shake shack.A little over-hyped but the food was still solid. Went with the shackburger, shack-cago dog, and cheese fries. The desserts are pretty addicting as well - try the Center City Pretzel.If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Got take out here yesterday, 1 burger, 1 bacon burger, one mushroom burger and some fries and cheese fries. This was literally THE WORST FOOD EVER. The fries had a horribly bitter after taste that didn't leave my mouth for hours after eating just two of them. Maybe they need to change the fryer oil? Pungent, butter, and disgusting.  The cheese sauce for the fries was equally as putrid, actually all of the food had a strange chemically bitter after taste. We threw it all away.Loved this place!!!  I visited Shake Shack for the first time yesterday and was not disappointed.  The Staff was very friendly.  I ordered a double shack burger and a strawberry shake.  The burger was the best that I have had in years.  It was grilled perfectly and tasted outstanding.  The shake was great also.  Considering that this is a high volume location, I was impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant.  I will definitely be visiting this restaurant again as I am now a huge fan of Shake Shack.Great atmosphere and Burgers are OK, I think Five Guys has the tastiest in this category, the hot dog, however is awesome with the little crunchy fried shallots mmmmm. The drinks are all one size so :-/ especially a bummer that the milkshakes are $5 and only like 12 oz.! Rip offStopped in this afternoon for a caramel malted shake. Good shake, definitely made from dairy (not a shady fast food frosty concoction) and thick! Perfect size for a hot day. No it's not 24 oz, but I'm okay with that. Bigger isn't always better.I love the Shake Shack! I have been here several times. If you're looking for the best place in center city for a burger and cheese fries, then this is the place for you. The chicken sandwich is also very good and the shakes are satisfying. They can get pretty busy around lunch time but you can order on the app ahead of time.So, if you're in the mood for a burger and fries, this is a decent place to go.  Being from the west coast, I don't get the Shake Shack hype (In N Out is a million times better, in my opinion).  
The service is always great, everyone is always friendly and the food comes out pretty quickly.  
Overall, nothing special but not bad either.$11 for a tiny burger and soggy fries.  Not impressed.  The Center City location was better - even with the too small burgers.My boyfriend and I were both craving a burger after walking all over Philly in the cold.
I texted my sister asking her if there was any good places to eat since she attended college at U Penn. She recommended this place so we tried it.
We ordered 2 Single Patty Smoke Shack Burger, we added fries and tried a hot dog.
Everything was very tasty, the food came out efficient. The only problem was we weren't full after eating.
I do recommend this place but next time I'll order a double not a single.I've tried the 'shroom burger and cheese fries. I like the 'shroom burger.. The fries aren't really great.. The strawberry shake is yum!
I find it a little expensive.. $7.50 for 'shroom burger.. Another $5 for the shake.. $4.50 for the fries. $17 for lunch is a bit much..
Won't be frequently this place..Great burgers, amazing shakes and root beer, and beer selections from Victory. If you haven't been to shake shack, get there and get a double. There are no weak spots on the menu.Pretty good burgers from decently-treated cows. They don't offer gluten free buns (philadelphia can't seem to catch up with other major cities on this) but they do understand the gluten free allergy and will not only leave off the bun but alert the kitchen to keep the plate and burger free of gluten ingredients. Pretty cool. My friend loved her shake too. The burger was flavorful and juicy but a little too greasy. Still, I'd try it again.I freaking love their smokeshack double burger. I add hot sauce too though for spice. Their cheese fries are wonderful too. They have doggie treats too.  I'd recommend this place to everyone if they want a quick fix.Shake Shack has a brand name, that's for sure. If you've lived in NYC like I have, yu'll know that they have lines that stretch blocks at pretty much all times. Fortunately at this Philly one, this isn't the case.
So I'll start with what really annoys me about this place: how INCREDIBLY SLOW the service is. Somehow, it takes 15-20 minutes to get a burger and fries. I mean, come on, they're essentially running an upgraded McDonald's -- there's NO reason it should take that long to cook a fast food burger. It's actually laughable that they have those buzzer things: IT'S A FAST FOOD RESTAURANT. Staff is also pretty rude and rather condescending.
Food - pretty solid. I don't eat beef, so my only real option is the 'Shroom burger, which is one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had. It's a portabello burger with this oozy filling; really unique -- would recommend to non-vegetarians as well. The fries are average. Haven't tried the shakes or custard on account of their really high prices, but maybe I will sometime soon, if I don't have to wait too much longer...Okay, I never eat here. I have had their vegetarian mushroom burger thing and it tastes like a fried turd. Their fries are whatever but better when you drench them in cheese. And honestly, who cares if they serve beer/wine? Like, there are million better places for a beer that have a equally good burger/veggie burger in Philly. BUT I keep coming back to the UC Shake Shack for Quizzo. Every Wednesday at 7pm they host the only not 21+ Quizzo that I know of. It's a great time and they have prizes for 1st and 2nd place. It's so much fun and I can do it with my friends that are under 21. I highly recommend using this as a social for any of your clubs!Eh, I guess it's ok. Burger was just so-so (I guess to compare with competitors, not as tasty as Five Guys). Fries were uninspiring at best (I would even venture to say "bad"). Didn't try the shakes. I have to wonder if this is what happens to a good place that expands (rapidly at that) and tries to keep up its original quality - you just can't do it.Got the veggie mushroom burger and fries. Both were delicious but slightly more expensive than comparable meals. Heads up: the cheese and sauce are inside the fried veggie patty, and when you first bite in, it can easily explode out.My friend and I sat right across Shake Shack while eating dinner, and really enjoyed observing the people moving slowly in line. It was so packed - wow.
After dinner, we finally decided to go in to get a shake of our own. We had a strawberry shake and a Rittenhouse^2 respectively, both of which were made with high quality ingredients and pretty good taste-wise. The Rittenhouse^2 had a little bit too many coffee beans (which overpowered even the sweetness of the frozen custard), and with 4+ dollars, it was pricier than your average frozen yogurt at a larger size and choice of toppings. As a dessert, it was great, but I was underwhelmed - maybe I am biased towards frozen yogurt?
I also got a look at the burger. While looks and smell of food don't necessarily tell you everything, I got the feeling that they were OK but nothing I would come back for.
Finally, I thought the dog treats you can buy are noteworthy. True to its tradition which started in Madison Square Park, I think it's very lovely that they offer snacks for the human's favorite companion. I especially love the name "Pooch-ini" - nice marketing there! However, I cannot approve neither of the price (almost 4 dollars for a dog treat?) nor the content of the snack. Dog biscuits probably have enough unhealthy items already, and adding peanut butter and custard to it certainly won't help. I know our dog loves yogurt, ice cream and the likes to pieces, and we make a point not to give her too much. While the concept is nice, this place just feels... irresponsible.
Bottom line: Shake Shack offers NYC-like food in a NYC-like atmosphere at NYC prices. If you're into that, you'll thoroughly enjoy yourself.Came here after my weekly fun run (its an awesome meet-up). Hardly any line and affordable prices. The burgers arent oversized and a great single serving to make you feel content after having one. 
Also they're open to 11 (not sure if it fluxuates by weekday-weekend, but thats what yelp is for)
I had the burger with bacon on it..and the flavors were awesome! I also had the rittenhouse^2 (not a shake, eat it with a spoon) and also a great quantity for the place..definitely coming back for more!Some of the best shakes here!  You'll definitely walk away with a few extra pounds but walk around Philly to work those off!  Staff is friendly and service is quick. Be prepared for a line.Can't go wrong here! 
The burgers are delicious as can be. 
Order the SHACK STACK!!!!!!!!! Deep fried cheese and portobello mushroom hugging inside a cheese burger! I ordered it twice on my stay in Philly and I will tell you this was the best thing I ate in the whole city that weekend. 
The bun is so yummy, reminds me of the soft chewy dough of Hawaiian bread.
Cheese fries are good, but wish they were hotter in temperature. 
Service was just alright, but what can you expect from a very busy burger spot.
One of the best fast food chains in America!!!I used to eat at Shake Shack probably once every two weeks but because I'm trying to get my dream body, I came back here for the first time in 5 months. 
I was very disappointed how they changed their fries and the burger tasted like any other McDonald's burger - flat and ordinary. Everything I always ordered changed and I hated it.2nd time dining here. I ordered something without onions due to allergic reaction to non cooked onions. I went back and told the staff. They immediately fixed it. We dined outside and the manager was so kind to come apologize as well as comp us on our next meal.Ok so I drove past the place a couple of times. Never had the chance to actually stop...that is until TODAY BABY! No lines....yay! Went in and  placed my order and wha-lah  I had my food. I wasn't alone so I had to grab it and go. It was almost rush hour and I was heading back over the bridge to Jersey(I am rambling I know...smh) So anyway the first thing I had the pleasure of tasting was the vanilla shake. It was....good. I wasn't exactly uber thrilled. I mean the name of this place is SHAKE SHACK....when I put my mouth to the straw I wanted my taste buds to S-H-A-K-E!!!!!! It didn't it just kind of wiggled. It was good but could of been better. Ok the next thing I popped into my mouth was a couple of French fries.....OH BABY!  (que the rocky song) the champ was there. It upper cutted  my taste buds like a baby Mike Tyson. They were crispy and tasted awesome. These fries were nothing short of perfect.  The burger!!!! I ordered it well done. I ordered the Shakeburger(with cheese) . I asked for onions but she didn't put them on there(bummer). The bun was super soft with a little sweetness to it. AWESOME. The meat was well seasoned. Nice clean fresh taste it. I was very impressed! Very!  One thing about the burger was the shack sauce. I didn't really care for it. It wasn't bad but it was lacking something(shrugs). Oh I also had a piece of my aunts Chicago dog. MAJOR MESS! It comes with everything but the Sears Tower on it lol. Its was a yummy mess lol. Just a warning if your going to order it be prepared to change your shirt. Overall I really like the Shake Shack. Go check it out!Clearly there are a million reviews for this place so I don't need to add much. But whoever decided to put a deep fried mushroom oozing with cheese on top of a cheeseburger is clearly a genius and deserves some sort of medal. Crinkle cut fries are my absolute favorite form of fry and then they offer cheese dipping sauce to go along with it? Orgasmic.
I expected a TAD more from the concretes. I thought my life was going to be changed and while it was good, I thought the custard itself was a little bland. Next time I might add some pretzels and hope that the salt they come with jazzes it up a bit. I would definitely go back to try this theory out!The Shake Shack is incredibly delicious.  I just wish it was not so damn expensive!  I ordered a double Smoke Shack Burger, cheese fries and a tap root beer. Here is how they stacked up.
Smoke Shack Burger-  Double cheeseburger with bacon, chopped cherry peppers and shack sauce.  This thing was very good.  The cherry peppers made it.  The bacon was great as well.  Their burgers are so meaty and juicy!  The only thing I would change is a little less shack sauce.  My burger had a bit too much on it.  Other than that it was a great burger.  Side note though....my buddy ordered the same thing and they forgot his bacon.  It was busy in there so he was going to attempt to get it changed but said F it and dug in.  
Cheese Fries-  These were some great fries!  The cheese sauce they use is a mix of 2 types of cheeses.  Its on the thin side, didn't congeal which is nice and stayed hot the whole time while eating these.  I liked the cheese a lot!  I would definitely get these again!
Draught Abita Root Beer-  This was great as well!  Some of the best tasting root beer that I have had.  They put too much ice in the cup though so I mowed down my beverage rather quick and there are no free refills.  A tad disappointed seeing it was like $3.40.
Overall this is a great place!  If it was a few bucks cheaper it would be perfect!  My meal alone was $17.23 and that is pretty pricey for a late night meal.....because of that, I would only come here once a month or so if I lived close.  All the ingredients are top notch though and for the most part you get what you pay for!Shake shack is your good ol go to burger and shake place.  
The beef is good quality and spiced enough for flavor. This place tends to get busy during peak lunch or dinner time.  There will be a slight wait but worth it. 
Overall experience,  casual down to earth burger place where you can bring a date. The burgers I thought was more on the messy greasy side but who doesnt love a greasy burger here and there.As someone from the west coast, I was really excited about trying Shake Shack for the first time after hearing all of my east coast friends rave about the burgers!
I ordered the 'shroom burger (I'm vegetarian and this was the only vegetarian option on the menu) and split cheese fries with my friend. Both dishes were incredible. We went to the restaurant fairly early for lunch time (11:45 AM) and my burger literally came within a matter of minutes. 
The portion size was fairly small, but it was still filling which I loved. The mushroom was grilled to perfection, and the melted cheeses added a wonderful touch. However, I did feel as though the burger was a bit pricey (I paid about $8, I believe) for the size of the burger. 
The cheese fries were also delicious! Will definitely be craving these in the future. I wanted to try the custard/concrete, but decided that I'd skip out on the extra calories and will instead be back on a different day to try these tasty treats.  
Overall, really satisfied with my first experience at Shake Shack. Will definitely be back, even though there is only one burger I can order on the menu!I've had Shake Shack burgers before and was already impressed by the quality, simplicity, and taste of their food. So when I heard they recently released a chicken sandwich (Chick'N Shack), which is pretty huge news for a chain known for its burgers, I had to try it. And it was fantastic.
The fried exterior of the patty is super crispy, savory, and fresh, to the point where I could have sworn there were parts where the fried layer floated above the meat, rather than sticking to it like most fried foods do. The inside was tender and had clearly been marinated or something, because it wasn't dry at all and also soft and juicy. The bun as usual was buttered and tasty as well. The tangy/creamy white sauce, slaw, and pickles were perfect accompaniments. I was planning to take it to go, but I sat down and ate the whole thing inside the restaurant.
The shake, which I ordered malted, was terrific too - black & white (fudge and vanilla custard). Not too sweet, could taste the hints of chocolate and malt along the creamy vanilla.
It was Sunday night w/ no line, so my food came out quickly too!Awesome AWESOME staff. They are all friendly and vibrant. It's in a choice location with both indoor and outdoor seating. 
The food, slightly overpriced than what I think it's truly worth, but worth it anyway for the good cheap burger. A little better than Five Guys for the atmosphere, variety, and booze, but not on par with the price.I went to their University City Philadelphia location. Great atmosphere. Modern relaxed decor. Friendly staff. Carrying your food up stairs is a pain but the seating area is upstairs is very nice. The bathrooms were clean and stocked. I ordered the only vegetarian option. I wish they had a few more vegetarian options, maybe a veggie burger. I ordered their 'Shroom burger. It was a fried mushroom burger filled with cheese. Very bland. The sauce was good, the lettuce, tomato, onion was fresh and good. The bun was toasted and good. I was not a huge fan of the fries. Crinkled and crispy. A little too crunchy for my taste. Probably won't stop there again.Burgers are so good I die and the concretes send me straight to heaven. 
What a place. If you find yourself looking for a quick food coma during lunch this is the place to come. I have no idea what they do to their burgers but they are unreal. The concretes are ice cream with deliciousness mixed in. I always get the rittenhouse. 
It's also really nice that you just order at the counter and then can sit outside (no worrying about splitting checks). 
A must try!Whatever you do, don't order delivery form this place, they don't box up your food, it's literally an open bag with open not fully wrapped burger or covered fries. It's completely unsanitary and the food was ice cold, and of course there's no way to get a refund. Also the portion sizes are tiny. My double burger is smaller than a big mac and theor is probably 20 fries in the tray. Thanks shake shack for stealing $20. I wish there was an option for 0 stars.Wrong order- turned into a great experience. Josh and Tom took great care of us and fixed the issue and added dessert. Had the  bacon cheeseburger w peppers and the shroom cheeseburger- SO good!  And they have Brooklyn ale!As someone who loves burgers and has eaten at a lot of different joints, the ones here are a notch above the rest! They are juicy and delicious! I always order two double cheeseburgers. I can't do this place too often because of the calories and the price, but when I do, it's a treat and worth it!I know there is a long going debate about which burger place is better Shake Shack or In and Out. For me I think In and Out is slightly better but they both offer burgers but with their own twist. 
Shake shack has a lot of great options to chose from. You can order a burger or a mushroom burger which is pretty delicious. Also they have hotdogs, chicken sandwiches, and grilled cheeses to chose from as well. Their French fries are pretty amazing and their milkshakes melt in your mouth. The one thing that sets apart Shake Shack and In and Out is Shake Shack offers alcohol. I only ever had one of their beers and honestly it was pretty good. 
Shake Shack consistency is always there and anytime I want a burger this is my go to place. I love the atmosphere and every time I go in there, I know I will be satisfied, but I still like In and Out just a little bit more.tl;dr - shake shack always has quality burgers at a slightly higher price point but it's worth it. Workers are always happy, but the setup of this place is kinda inefficient and can get congested easily. 
Of course the burgers are DELICIOUS. I always drag my friends here and they always get hooked. That's a given. I've tried all the burgers and the regular cheeseburger is my go-to. The portobello is a little too rich for me with the deep fried mushroom and the cheese, the double cheeseburger is a little too much (and the ratios are off, I do wish they gave more lettuce/tomatoes with that), and the smokeburger was... okay. I liked the chili cheese burgers when they had it, but I prefer the chili cheese fries (I am anxiously waiting for its return). The burgers are a little oily, especially the double cheeseburger, but it's okay lol. 
The fries are also delicious. The shakes are yummy! The price point is around 7 dollars for a burger and 3 for fries. So a 10 dollar meal, which is expensive for fast food but reasonable for a quality burger.
The workers are always really happy and friendly. They have yet to mess up my order.
However, the lines get long during lunch time and the setup is kinda confusing. Downstairs gets really crowded with a winding line, a door that's placed near the end of the line (so people keep entering and it can get confusing), and a ton of people waiting for their orders. There's no seating downstairs, so it gets pretty congested and hard to navigate. Upstairs has more seating, but I wish there was just more room downstairs to deal with the line, the waiting people, and the people looking at the menu. Overall, a good experience but avoid coming here like 12-1:30 to avoid the crowd."Love this spot! Stuck in a hotel while our house has no power, we googled this and recognized it from NYC. We wanted a smaller meal and the size of the burgers is perfect, many places serve those giant, tasteless globs of meat on giant bready rolls. Not this place! Love the frozen custard too, this place is a treat!Being from the West Coast, I have missed In n Out ever since I moved. So far the Shake Shack has the only burger that can even come close to a taste like In n Out! The burger was delicious and wasn't too large or too small. The concretes are something unique and very tasty, as well. I personally like the Rittenhouse flavor.So wouldn't you think that the device given to you lights up your food is ready?, not so.
My food was not even bagged when I approached the counter and orders after me were being served first. The manager was even a little snotty in his explanation of why I was still waiting. The burgers at Bobby's Burger Palace are much tastier, will go their instead!I know shake shack is known for their burgers (which I've had, they're A1) but on this particular day I wasn't in the mood for beef, so I got the chick-n-shack. Pretty gooood. Bun was super soft, chicken crispy and juicy and the buttermilk herb sauce they put on it makes the dish. They could get rid of the pickles tho... Otherwise, service was fast and efficient enough.Burgers are pretty juicy and the staff are always nice. A little expensive for the portion size and sometimes I'm left wanting more. The burgers are top quality though, any my friend likes the frozen dessertsA nice place to go for a good burger, milkshake and / or a beer. I had the Shack Stack burger which is a burger with a fried portobello mushroom on top. The burgers get a 3.5 rating but the fries are 5 star worthy! I did not try their beer on tap which is made in Brooklyn.
The ambiance is quite cozy. It's not a loud place. I had to wonder why there was a huge tv hanging in the place.I love shake shack. Very clean but busy establishment being so close to the campus. Burgers are always fresh and steaming hot, and i absolutely love their lemonades and milkshakes.Came here around the time they opened up and then again a few times after that. Each time was satisfying, especially after drinking. I like the cheese fries, but I don't like the cheese fries. I think i'm too used to Cheese Whiz, that when I get real melted cheese, it's just not the same. The burgers are very good and so are the concretes. 
The only other thing that's not so fun, is finding a place to sit. It's not hard, just annoying because sometimes the tables aren't readily available the minute you get your food.So, I have perused many Shake Shacks during my NYC days. I eagerly awaited the arrival to Philly. When it first opened, I was so excited, I tried reviewing it without going, because I felt it was like McDonald's, once you tried one, you tried them all. Well, I later learned that you need to visit the actual location, not one in a chain, to submit an honest review. It makes sense.
Now that I finally made it out, let me tell you, just like all of the others. We're talking total mind popping ZoMG experience here. So good. So good. Seriously, I want to do a happy song and dance with each bite of their AMAZE-ZING burgers.
On this trip, I had the SmokeShack burger for the first time. If their regular burgers were not good enough, this one was even better. For starters, it was a double, and we all know two is better than one. And, there is the applewood smoked bacon on it. And, we all know bacon makes everything better. So, yeah, my eyes sort of popped out of their sockets due to this AMAZE-ZING burger.
I also had some fries and a chocolate/vanilla mixed shake. Their fries are decent. I like the crinkle cut style. The shake was good, but they should be shamed for calling the tiny sized cup any size at all. What the deal yo? You already stole my heart, why do you have to steal my money too?
But any way, go get you some Shake Shack burger. Maybe some fries. Save your money on the shake, unless you are really craving it.I understand that at 9pm on a Wednesday night in a thunderstorm noone is in a great mood but the service I encountered at this Shake Shack was terrible. Having asked for a vanilla ice cream in a cup with a cone on the side (since it was pouring and I had a twenty minute walk ahead of me and I didnt want my ice cream to melt in the rain) , the person taking my order stared at me as if he could not hear or understand what I was saying. He gestured over a colleague while ignoring me in a very rude manner, who similarly seemed mystified by my request. After clarifying  what seemed to me a simple request several times I was finally given my order. The cone was stale and clearly very old. Uneatable. All in all a terribly disappointing experience.1st time to the famed burger joint. Had the smoke shack and fries. Fries were ok, burger was very good. The smokey sauce plus the slightly sweet, slightly spicy cherry peppers made the burger. Looking forward to a return visit to try with the "concrete". 
Didn't realize they had a liquor license, good to know for next visit.Oh Shake Shack, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways...
1. ShackBurger: A perfect cheeseburger--it was love at first bite.
2. Fries: Hot and crispy--it was love at first crunch.
3. ShackMeister Ale: Smooth and refreshing--it was love at first sip.I'm a huge fan of this chain, but I guess I was spoiled with the original in NYC. Maybe they were having an off day, but they were still pretty packed at 11 pm on a thursday. I ducked in RIGHT before closing and still had to wait a good 20 minutes for a cheeseburger and fries. That's to be expected because it is a new opening of a hallowed institution. FINE.
But, yo. The burger was kind of flavorful and somewhat juicy, but it was well done. It was way over cooked. They need to retrain the chefs to keep the maximum amount of juicy. I have yet to try my favorite Shack Stack there, it was way too heavy for an 11 pm meal. Maybe one day when the hype dies down. Soon my friend, soon.Been here more than two times...which is bad! But it's so good and so close to my job. 
What I've had here so far....
Burgers: 
Shroom burger - portobello mushroom stuffed with cheese, dipped in panko then fried, amazing!  
Smoke shack - beef patty w/ bacon and a spicy sauce that had a good kick. 
Cheese fries are good...I wish they would bring the crinkle cut fries back. The new hand cut fries are skimpy and oily. 
Milkshake..must try coffee milkshake! It's the best!OPEN LATE: great since we were looking for a bite to eat with two children when heading out of town.  Flavorful and perfectly sized burgers.  Fries were eh.  The staff was ok... I guess everyone loses a skip in their step when its close to closing time.  Overall decent experience... Still a fan of the burgers!A damn good burger, but I don't see what is with all of the hype!?!? 
I've passed by the Shack in NYC a few times, and I have seen the line wrapping around the block.  The wifey and I were in Philly for a fun evening. We were walking past the Shack (the line was short) so we decided to share a burger, fries and a shake. 
The burger reminded me of Steak and Shake except the lettuce and tomato seemed fresher and the burger a little thicker. The fries were crinkle-cut (my favorite!!) We ordered them with cheese sauce (a good choice!). The shake was delicious, but I thought it was overpriced for its size. 
Don't get the wrong impression. GOOD BURGER!!! I just can't see why anyone would wait more than 5 minutes for some fast food.Fabulous burger place, although the prices are a bit high for fast food, but that's just the big city I think. I had a classic cheeseburger and it hit the right spot, along with a beer that is specially brewed for shake shack. Perfect meal on a rainy day.Excellent burger and fries except the one time I went the patty was WAY to salty ( almost like it was accidentally dipped in salt ), but the last time I went, the burger tasted the way it usually tasted. I took the risk again! A risk worth taking!Prices are a bit steep, burger was extremely juicy. Only food complaint would be that you ask for cooking preference, e.g. well done, medium, etc. Atmosphere was modern, fast paced like Philadelphia really is. I liked it.I love it tasty and right size for me ~ cuz normally other restaurants burger is too big for me but  size is just right ~~~ i am so happy to eat thereGuys, it's Shake Shack--the same everywhere. I like the fact that I know what to expect when I'm ordering a burger and fries and know that I won't be disappointed afterwards! Great for when you just want fast-food to "hit the spot."
Their custards and milkshakes are absolutely decadent. 
Fries are crisp on the outside and soft on the inside--just the way I like them. 
I always order the Shroomburger or Single Shack. (again, very reliable). 
The one thing I hate is the long lines during lunch and dinner hours. I don't like waiting so I've only been here like twice during "off-peak" hours to avoid the students/college rush during the school year. 
I like the burgers here more then Bobby's down the street because they're "less meaty" and richer in flavor. 
Additionally, the seating upstairs is quite spacious. I like that they have a lift to help everybody to get upstairs even if they cannot climb the stairs.I really do not understand the hype around Shake Shack. Yes, it's a decent burger. If it were $3. For $5-7, it better be tastier and more filling than what Shake Shack is giving you. Places where you can get a better burger for $6: Five Guys, Spotburger (food truck), 2 In N Out burgers, and a number of other places you probably haven't heard of. The shackcago dog is okay, though could use a bigger, meatier hot dog. But if this place is your thing, I don't imagine I'm gonna convince you otherwise so do your thing.Ok, I get the hype. It's edgy. The burgers are pretty good in taste. But they are also small and super super greasy. The fries weren't that great, I like Chick-fil-a fries better. I haven't tried any of their shakes but I also wouldn't drive 10 min to sit down and drink a shake.Awesome black and white milkshake is worth the wait.Burger just right and their fries, wine well just be prepare it is a little too much alcohol for a glass. Street parking, inside/outside tables available. 
This place is ideal for meat and veggies loversI've been to Shake Shack a couple of times. I've had their SmokeShack and ShroomShack, both were good, although the latter tasted a little to salty for me. Their milkshake is absolutely the best！Oh shake shack. How I adore you. I've never even heard of shake shack before moving to the east coast. Now I am a firm believer that this is one of the best fast food burgers ever. Albeit grossly overpriced, shake shack burgers are so juicy and flavorful. I don't know what they do to the meat but I somehow always crave these burgers. Try the shack stack-- delicious burger goodness with the surprise of a mushroom croquet. Revolutionary.This is a fun place with quick service but good quality food. Asked for the lightest beer they had so ended up with the shake meister which was pretty good! Smooth and not heavy. 
Food - fries are crisp and crinkle cut. Nothing crazy though seasoning wise. Smoke shack burger is awesome. I love the hot pepper relish with the bacon. Was excited to try the chicken and apple sausage but sadly it tasted not much different from a hot dog. Still good though and I liked the charred ends from the griddle. Shakes are delicious and so thick and filling. I love the peanut butter one!I love love this place but HATE the fries . THEY ARE GETTING NEW FRIES!! Woo hoo!! The cashier just told meI love Shake Shack.  Being a native New Yorker, I was thrilled to learn this past spring that the Shack would be shacking up at 20th and Sansom.  I've been here a few times, and it still delivers.  Is it as good as the ones in New York?  Of course not.  But it's still a great burger and a fun treat from time to time.
Shake Shack's burger is similar in style and construction to the In 'n' Out Burger found everywhere throughout California (and sadly, not on the East Coast).  The patty is thin, but juicy and moist.  The bun is soft yet sturdy.  The cheese is melty and delicious.  And the rest of the ingredients (the lettuce, tomato, and yes, the shack sauce), all work in harmony to make a melty, tasty, savory burger.  And Shake Shack isn't just about burgers: they also make delicious (albeit small) milkshakes and decadent concretes.  Any order of their premade options, but the Rittenhouse Squared is my favorite.
You can also order wine or beer to go with your burger, a small leg up on close competitor 500 Degrees (which also makes a terrific burger).  And despite the long lines and waits during peak hours, for me it's a small taste of home away from home.  It's not perfect, but it's still damn good for Philadelphia.  In terms of burgers overall, not nearly as good as Grace Tavern, but way better than PYT.My first experience with Shake Shack was at their location in Madison Sq. Park in NYC. I loved it and every time I think of it, I wish I had a burger right by me. I expected the same from the new location at philly. I finally paid a visit this Sunday with my boyfriend who has never had Shake Shack before. 
We only waited around 15 minutes to order and another 5-10 minutes to get our food. We each ordered a single Shackburger and shared a side of fries. The burger was delicious and just as good as I remembered. The fries are not the best you may ever have, but they go well with the burger, especially with all the salt sprinkled on the fries. 
One thing I was not sure is the design of their location. I loved the Shake Shack in NYC because it's right in the middle of the park. Getting an awesome burger from a little house then eating on a park bench seems to be the definition of the Shake Shack experience for me. It feels a little out of place to sit in a sort-of modern room to enjoy their food.
Next time, I might just get to-go with a Concrete and enjoy them by a park.We have avoided trying Shake Shack after hearing/reading that it is overpriced and overrated. But after an epic drive home from Virginia, we were craving a burger and wanted it fast. Shake Shack gave us a burger, and gave it to us fast, but wasn't exactly satisfying. We each got a single burger and a cheese fry (cheese on the side) to share. We both finished our meals and said we would be hungry again within a few hours. Lo and behold, we are hungry now (1.5 hours after finishing dinner). Although we couldn't gotten double burgers and/or 2 fries in order to increase the quantity of food, you shouldn't have to pay $25+ for good quality fast food. For that price, I could easily go to a bar and get a big burger. The burger itself was tasty, well-cooked and well-seasoned. Neither of us particularly cared for the Shake Shack sauce. I would go back there over Five Guys in a heartbeat, but I think I'd rather go to a good bar for my next burger, even if I have to pay a few dollars more.Shake Shack is my favorite burger place in the city. Their burgers and fries are the best, better than restaurant style burgers or fries in my opinion. The service is always friendly and it's an extremely clean establishment. The shakes are good too. The outside seating is really great when there's nice weather.I had one of their burgers and enjoyed it.  I mean I would not wait in line for a meal here but the burger was adequate.
I also had one of their "concretes" - and I have to say it was darn good!  
Fries were OK - nothing to rave about.  
The music was too lound - turn it down! 
Staff could learn some manners and keep their drama off the dining floor.My friend and I split the shackburger and the smokeshack. The burger patties were delicious. They were really juicy and flavorful. The bun was okay but I wish it was more toasty and not quite so soft. The price is cheap if you get a single hamburger or shackburger, but gets a little pricey when you pick one of their specialty ones considering the size of the burger. 
I didn't enjoy the fries very much but I really liked the frozen custard. I got the rittenhouse with chocolate custard, la colombe coffee beans, coffee marshmallow sauce and cookie dough. It was really rich, creamy, and I loved the little bit of crunch from the coffee beans. I only got a half size and it was plenty!Perhaps because I live literally right atop this Shake Shack (I live at the Chestnut Squares), I have become accustomed to the flavors of the burgers, so it no longer blows me out of the water, as Jesse Wellens from BFvsGF would say about Shake Shack. The fries are often just broken up pieces of fries leftover from the bottom of the fries bin, and sometimes soggy. I would say the fries are pretty bad.
Haven't tried the SS at Center City, so I cannot compare, but 4/5 from me. Good service, though.V nice place. Trivia on Wednesday is a splendid time. Consider coming with a friend or 7!Update to say that I'm now discovering years later that the fries I got were during Shake Shack's attempt to transition to in-house hand made fries. Thanks to the protesters that forced them to change back lol.When shake shack first came here, the first  person that I know who went there complained it was expensive for buying lunch for two guys and said it was okay. However depends who you are... being a female in the neighborhood, I can spend $4.00 for smaller size ( lady size just right for me) burger that's delicious and I can depend on the fact that it's always PERFECT, always delicious.The burgers are delicious, but on the small side.  If I get a double it's too much, though.  I absolutely LOVE their fries, but I recommend putting the salt on yourself.... I love salt, but they are way too salty for me.  The milkshakes are good, especially the fair-trade coffee flavor.  I haven't had a concrete, because I want the one with Philly pretzels, but they aren't gluten free:(   I've been there a million times and it's consistent.  I'd go here over elevation burger (delicious but soooo greasy), or that other place which people rave about, but it's incredibly over rated in my opinion.  Love shake shack.  I really don't understand why they get negative reviews.  I still miss fatburger and in and out, though:(Shake it like a salts shaker up in this jawn!!
Very good burgers and shakes.  I will report back regarding the fries!!!!Great experience here. I've been here several times and am always happy with the food. I stopped by right as they opened (and weren't too busy yet) and the manager Derek went out of his way to make me feel welcome, talked about some of their different menu items and seemed genuinely interested that I enjoyed my food. Oh, and the burger and fries were awesome too.I had the chicken burger- delicious! Not something people usually get at Shake shack, but if you want to try it, it's great! But the coffee milkshake is the real deal! A must have!! The burger, the coffee and the fries was around $16 total. A totally indulgent lunch, but it's not everyday you have Shake shack, so it's okay!I could see the brainless Monk's/Sabrina's/Apple crowd going nuts for this stuff; The lines are terrific - you get to meet people chat with them for hours, its a great place to network.
We ordered from here for the whole office (on a weekday)
13 orders w drinks = $200 - not bad
It prepared very fast... too fast, some of the burgers were pinkish. (extra rare -- that's bad)
The food is just very Meh. 
Absolutely not awesome in any way whatsoever. 
Its better than five guys but who isn't? 
Perhaps outside Philly this quality is considered good.
It's just sloppy fast food with a pretty store front.
The burgers aren't special or grilled on a good surface or anything. 
The buns are the cheep yellow potato starch bread sponge crap they give out for free around the corner from my place.
The shakes are below average. 
The foam is not good quality, it looks like they spend 10 seconds blending it on low.
The strawberry milk shakes taste like plain vanilla with sugar added.
The chocolate milk shakes taste like plain vanilla with sugar added with a hit of shade.
Vanilla milk shakes, the only one they got right.I ordered the SmokeShack burger. Had a nice spice to it without being overwhelming. The line was surprisingly short for a Friday and everyone working was speedy and friendly. It can get a little pricey here but I'd be backGood crinkley french fries,
cheese options: get out of here,
Want sauce? More sauce? sauce.
^^ Haiku version of review below.
I asked if there were cheese options besides American. The guy behind the counter gave me a look like I was a terrorist for not liking "American" cheese. This is America, can I get some freedom of choice for my cheese preferences? Why is Shake Shack being enblematic of Big Brother in George Orwell's 1984?
The french fries were delicious, and I wish there was less sauce on my burger and that the sauce was placed between the bun and the hamburger meat.Came here after a winter beer fest because it was in walking distance and exactly what you are craving when you are a lil tipsy and cold! We ordered a double shack burger, a double smokeshack burger and order of cheese fries, two black and white milkshakes. Everything was awesome except I wasn't totally into my milkshake the way I thought I would be! We also ordered two of their Brooklyn Shackmeister ales which is a collaboration between Brooklyn brewery and Shake Shack, which was actually pretty good. Very clean atmosphere, quick service. What's not to like, really.Last year I went to the Shake Shack in Manhattan after seeing a musical. There was a huge line to get in and no seats left for me to pop a squat. I got a shake and it was delicious. It tasted like I was drinking slightly melted ice cream. Fabulous. 
So I had high expectations for this Shake Shack. I tried the burger and fries and got another shake. 2000 calories later, decided it was really not worth it. The burger patty is probably the same size/thickness of a McD's but a little tastier with the sauce. The fries were not great. Which pains me to say. The shake was still delicious. So literally, I would ONLY come here when my doctor told me I'm under weight and I need a shake. They really try to make-up for their not so amazing food with the merch-- Cute to-go bags, fun presentation of the food, etc can go a long way. But it seems like that's what you're paying for rather than taste.  
Also, there's not a ton of burger options. You get way more variety at Bobby's Burger Place. And that place is just as trendy. I also don't recall seeing options for people who don't eat beef/hot dogs at this Shake Shack, while you can get veggie and chicken burgers at Bobby's.This was bad overall. I ordered a Smokeshack-double. It was raw inside. I took it back ti the counter and the guy told me that "Shake Shack"prepares their food medium rare which means that there is pink on the inside". I looked at the wall and asked where it says that. He told me that the consumer advisory-about eating undercooked meat- "implies" that. He took it back and I received a replacement- a single, not a double. At that point I just said forget it. This place has a vague notice of how it prepares food. They berate customers for not knowing the meaning of the vague statement. Then they pull a fast one and replace with a less expensive product.Love the burgers and the atmosphere here.  Great place for lunch or a quick dinner. Thought the Shakes good, but were overpricedBurgers are amazing, shakes are to die for, but prices are high and that's never coolI'm from DC so Shake Shack is nothing new to me, but this location is a nice burger joint to go to! The burgers here are pretty descent. I think what makes them kind of different than any other typical burger joint is their sauce and buns. I've had the Shack Burger (original cheeseburger)  and Smoke Shack (with bacon) which were both tasty. Shake Shake also promotes its all natural Angus beef void of hormones or antibiotics but the burgers are kind of greasy. However, don't get me wrong this is a still a nice place to go if you're craving a decent burger and in the area!I just went there today for the first time. And first impressions, the building is very nice, but the food was very dry, bland, and not to mention the food was quite pricey for a smaller sized meal but other than that the serving staff was pretty good plus their were a few games to play to keep the kids occupied.Shake Shack is a classic. This wasn't the first time I've had it (although it was the first time I frequented this location), but I thought the burgers and fries were good. I think you can probably get better burgers for the price, but sometimes you just need a little Shake Shack to hit the spot. Great location for both Drexel or Penn students, and there was actually a pretty big seating area upstairs.What an awesome burger place! I came here to tour Drexel, and this was THE place I wanted to go after a productive but overwhelming morning listening to talks and waking around. The staff was fast, friendly, and fun, with one particular employee making sure everyone within listening range was having fun, too. Great energy. I also loved the upstairs seating arrangement, which is excellent for people-watching. I was more than satisfied with my bacon cheeseburger and fries, but next time I come down I'll have to order one of their milkshakes. Would it be wrong to choose a college based on local dining establishments?Sweet bun, beautifully charred burger patty, crisp lettuce, and tasty tomatoes. $4 bucks for a standard hamburger, but it's tasty considering that you get what you pay for.Been hearing about the burgers and decided to give it a try, not the best experience being as though I had to re-order my meal twice due to simple mistakes made. Although the food was good and my fries appeared to be fresh but towards the bottom of the bag they were burnt and full of oil, I'd still recommend this place for a quick burger.I generally like shake shack but my experience this time was slightly under my expectations. I order the shroom burger and the cheese fries. The shroom burger was tasty, but the buns were just overly greasy. After eating it, I felt a little bloated and unhealthy. The mushroom itself was delicious though - juicy on the inside and crusty and crunchy on the outside. Just really let down by the greasy buns. I expected the cheese fries to be cheesier. The fries were also dense and mushy. I'll probably come back here again just because it's close to my classes and sometimes I'll forget to pack my lunch.Probably one of my favorite spots to eat at on a Friday ( that's my cheat day ). If you know Shake Shack then you know what they are all about. Good food and Shakes !!!Each shake shack is a little different. 
What's different here is the seating and events. Seating is upstairs and there is plenty of it (especially compared to other Phl locations). Each night there are different events at this locations, like trivia. Also, this location attracts a younger crowd being near all the universities. 
As for the rest of the place, it's your typical Shake Shack:
- Menus on the chalk board and on hand outs by the door
- The menu is a la carte 
- There is a "express" line for those just ordering ice cream
- After you put in your order, you'll get a buzzer to let you know when it's ready to pick up
- Free water at the condiments section 
- Burgers are served on potato buns 
- The fries are delicious
Since this location is in the city, there is no designated parking, but there is street parking and a few lots.Came here for the first time on Sunday and omg parking is hard to find. You have to have good timing. But the place was very nice. There are tables inside the place and outside which is nice. We got 2 Shack Stack, 2 cheeseburgers, 1 chocolate and strawberry milk shake and cheese fries and regular fries and it costed us about $45? the food was very good.Their strawberry milkshake is a MUST HAVE. So delicious. We had to order another one to go and we accidentally ordered a chocolate and the guy gave us a strawberry one and the chocolate for free. So thank you. Service was fast and the workers were friendly.Not gonna lie but it kind of expensive for a burger place. I'll  definitely try to come back when I'm in the area.I was at the store at 11 AM 03/19/16. The cashier was very nice, friendly and professional. I ordered a double Shack Burger and added raw onions, small fry, small soda and a strawberry shake. The burger was good, not amazing but good. You could tell the meat was fresh pretty tasty but nothing too extraordinary. The fries were either old or over cooked or both. I think I got a bad batch because other's fries did not look like mine. Shake was good, atmosphere was nice but it was still morning so it wasn't crowded.  My total was $20 and some change, a little pricey but that's what I expected. I will probably try it at least two more times. By myself and then with friends from the west coast, IN N out country. Not bad but not fantastic. I will post again on my next visit. Like I said I probably got a bad batch of fries.they're ok...my first time here was for a school meeting and i had their shackburger, fries and soda. i thought everything was just ok. sorry...not sorry. i'm from southern california so my go-to burger spot was in-n-out. yah...yah...yah...it's everything we californians make it out to be lol
anyways, i've stopped by to grab dinner before a class or two. the last few times i've gone, i opted for their smokeshack. it's a little better. they have beer and wine, which is cool. in-n-out doesn't so i guess shake shack has a one-up on them for that. if anything, i'd say their fries are decent. 
the staff has always been very nice and friendly, but the food's pretty pricey and the burgers are pretty oily. i'm usually always ready for a good burger and fries, but it's been a little bit since my last visit here. lets just say that i don't ever crave their burgers or fries but if i ever do, i'll stop by again. they're not terrible.Decent burgers. If you calculate the price into it I rather go somewhere else that gives me a better burger. Their french fries are a sorry excuse, thin, limp, and soggy.So this Shake Shack is fine, but it's different than the center city Shake Shack which is weird.  The fries here are not crinkle cut, and the Smokeshack does not come with lettuce and tomato.  I expected everything to be the same, the two restaurants really aren't that far from each other.  The burger was good, although my friend thought it was spicier than center city.  I didn't notice.  Also, I liked the shoestring fries better.  I think those crinkle cut ones are pretty tasteless.So good! A first-timer here at Shake Shack and I am so satisfied. I got a Smoke Shack and a Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate (total: ~$11). Both were delicious with rich flavors. Mmm!
Service was fast and very kind. Seating area has some chill music and has actual bowling lane parts as tables. That's pretty sick! I will be back!I think the fries are tremendous especially with the cheese sauce but that is where my love of Shake Shack ends. 
I find the burgers to be always greasey and the buns to be soggy and practically inedible no matter when I get the burgers. 
Don't even try to do take out if you want to eat the bun
The shack sauce is also very nice
Go a step up and hit up Bobby's Burger Palace for a better burger.Always a treat! Great for a late night snack after the bar. Fries are always a must here.I thought the burgers were ok, the fries have a funny aftertaste.  I prefer elevation as their fries are better the ingredients are organic.I will not return to Shake Shack anymore.  There burgers are for children not adults. The patty is to thin even the double burger. Not satisfied at all with the burgers.  I heard there shakes are good from my sister but Im lactose intolerant so it doesn't matter.I just may have to divorce you Shake Shack.  Two primary reasons I go to Shake Shack (and bring my five kids):  I love the shack sauce and I love the malt vinegar for the fries.   So so so disappointed when I went there today and found out that you are no longer serving malt vinegar.  In addition, after I spent $48 on burgers and fries, I asked for some extra shack sauce (since I don't eat ketchup and can't get vinegar) and my request was denied.  WOW - too many other excellent burger places to eat and I am sure they would provide a little extra sauce on the side!Came in for a quick bite, remembering that I do love Shake Shack burgers. Got it without cheese this time, with all the toppings plus shack sauce. Coming in at lunch, I definitely expected a longer wait, but it was a pretty quick turnover for a burger. Since I only had a single burger, I think they prioritized mine. 
This store is a bit disorganized in the front compared to other SS locations, as it's super small downstairs, but there is an upstairs eating location. Workers take orders efficiently, little personalization. For the size of the burger and price, I'm not sure it's worth it. Can get more than two times the burger for less than twice the price at a pub or restaurant, or you can go to another fast food place for cheaper and get the same size. Toppings are quite fresh which is awesome and interesting, but overall, just a so-so experience.Yum, Shake Shack. I much prefer you to the In-N-Out Burger chains of the West Coast. I was pleasantly surprised to stumble upon this location while exploring Philly. Service was efficient, and the place was clean. There's additional dining upstairs and a nice patio outside.This location needs to step up their game the center city Shake Shack is so much cleaner and the food is cooked better. I live in west Philly but now drive to the Center City location because I don't trust the food here. Last time I ate here the seating area was dirty, my burger was under cooked, and I saw workers using the same gloves to do multiple tasks. I ended up throwing away half my food. Their health reports confirmed that they are not keeping it as tight at their other location. Maybe they should switch up the management?got the chicken burger and it was a tad bit on the oily side but IT WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS I will be returning to try one of their beef burgers !!I lived not far from the original SS in NYC but never felt like waiting on the tourist-bloated permaline so yay, I finally I get to give 'em a try.  
A really excellent burger, perhaps the best in fastfooddom, decadently greasy and tastier than 5 Guys though they did  severely short me on the onions. Not sure how the very soft bun held it all together but it managed somehow.  5 Guys wins hands down on the fries though, these are frozen from a bag. Really good shake--yes, frozen custard is superior to ice cream.  Fast & friendly service, nice view.6 dollars for a single, 8 for a double, this place is slightly overpriced for the quality of food. Compared to 500, shake shack wins on bread but loses on everything else. 
The price is a little more than what I'd expect. Props for serving beer though. Plenty of seatingBurgers are darn good but the fries are soggy. They really need to take the fries up a notch or two, the potatoes are good but the cooking process needs work. Shakes are good. The turn around time for orders is slow and needs improving, but if your in the mood for a burger you cant go wrong here.We went here for my daughter's birthday and she seemed to enjoy it, but for the price I just feel I can get much better burgers elsewhere. The staff was super nice and friendly, the place was clean, but it was JUST a burger, if I'm going to a burger place I want it to be a slam dunk great burger. It actually feels and seems a lot like Bobby Flay's burger chain.Super convenient now that there's a SS in ucity. It gets busy around lunch hours so be prepared to wait. 
Also very good customer service. If they mess up an order, they will happily make you a new one!This was my first time ever trying Shake Shack and wow,wow, WOW is this place reallllllllly good! The only reason I'm taking a star off is because the cashier was extremely rude and seemed to be in a very bad mood. As insensitive as this might seem when you're working with people whatever you're going through is to be left behind you once you enter the job and begin dealing with your customers. Please, don't bring your bad mood into this. 
But, let's get back to the food shall we... Oh my, AMAZING. The burger in particular was just really good to me. I've tasted fast food burgers, restaurant burgers, burgers on the grill and even the "famous" In&Out burgers and I must say Shake Shack may in fact be in the top lead for burgers that I've had in all honesty. I mean, everything in that burger was just good. I just had the regular Shake Shack burger and that was so delicious so I could only imagine what the more detailed burgers were like. This place is good and clean as well and there was a guy, I believe maybe like an assistant manager or something and he was just extremely friendly. He kept coming around asking if we were fine and if we needed anything else and I thought that was very nice. I would def come back to this Shake Shack. Even with the rush of the Drexel move in they were very fast and somewhat organized.Best burger I've had.  Who needs the fancy stuff, all you need is some American made beef patties and cheese and they do it the best.Honestly not what I thought it was gonna be. The fries taste like ore-ida fries but crispy since theyre fried. Also burgers dont come with fries! Which is a bummer. I got a single shack burger and it was a small patty on a toasted potato bun with lettuce and tomato and garlic aioli. Burger was good, but honestly paying $9 for a burger and fries of that quality isnt something Id do again.Very impressed with the portobello mushroom "burger". Friend mushroom stuffed with yummy cheesiness on a soft bun. Loved the cheese fries-not your typical canned cheese. This is the good stuff, my friends.
Husband enjoyed a cheeseburger. Too full to try the shakes. Maybe next time.
Order takers went above and beyond to inform us newbies.
They only lose a star for the two flights up to the seating area!I don't get it.  Their veggie burger is gross.  The milkshakes are over priced and small.  Maybe the meat is good?  I don't see what the fuss is for this glorified fast food.A nice juicy patty with fresh lettuce and tomato inside a potato bun with just a dap of sauce is heavenly and what i look in a burger. 
Since this shake shack in on the Drexel campus , i wasn't expecting much. Maybe its my low expectation, this location is surprisingly good. 
I usually get a single shack burger and try to only eat half to save the calories , lol . But its really hard to resist. 
Other than the 90% ice and 10 % soda, no complains.Shake Shack: not worth the price or the wait.  Note, I only had the Shack Burger and cannot speak to the other sandwiches, fries, shakes, etc. all of which seemed to be flying off the shelves during my 20 minute wait for my burger.  If it was about 20% cheaper and you could walk in and get a sandwich, it would be awesome fast food.  But, that is not the case.  It was messy (not juicy in a good way, but greasy and fall-apart-sloppy).  The bun, supermarket no frills variety, was WAY too soft to handle all the grease and sauce on that sandwich and it turned into a soggy, slimy film.  And the shack sauce is basically just mayonnaise as far as I could tell.  not very creative. It doesn't add much.  That said, the patties themselves are good.  perfect medium, well seasoned and they have a nice crust. As is often the case, the tomatoes and lettuce were flavorless wastes of space.  The 'good' patties are neither enough to overcome the rest of the mediocrity of this burger nor to justify the price.  Frankly, the long lines and longer wait for food is a little mystifying.  For the price, 5-guys is better.  For a better price, 'regular' fast food isn't too far behind this place.Common shake shack, expensive, food takes forever to reach your table and the hamburgers are TINY.
There is no need to get into the Menu.
PRICY AS HELL. Please don't waste your time on a burger that is $10 and doesn't include soda or fries.
If you are a college student, go to SAVAS.You have In-n-Out over the West and Shake Shack here in the East.Glorified fast food....best way to describe Shake Shack, and it's AWESOME.  I love that they have great ice cream choices with their burgers and fries.  It's a little more expensive than a McDonalds or Buger King, but the food also tastes better and you have more options.  This Shake Shack on 32nd and Chestnut particularly is crazy busy.  I'm sure this is because it's in University City near all the colleges, what college student wouldn't want to eat here?  But they work really hard to get you in and out as much as possible.  The staff there is SO sweet.  I'll be back for sure.My LA homies will shun me for saying this, but Shake Shack is YUMMERS. 
Hands down their crinkle cut fries are infinitely better than the soggy In n Out fries (sorry not sorry... I like my fries thick). The hamburger is exquisite- the meat patty always tastes on point and the Shack sauce is indescribable (it's heavenly...that's as specific as I can get). I usually order the Shack burger and I ask them to add pickles (another thing Shake Shack does better than In N Out). Cheese fries are great to try at least once in your life, but I typically stay with just normal fries. Portion size is decent.
For the University City location, service tends to be a bit slow during peak lunch hour. There is ample seating both upstairs and outside. It's one of my favorite places to eat with my friends and it is a mere 5 minute walk from my law school. 
Ultimately, I can't cross that line yet to say that Shake Shack is better than In N Out, but it definitely rivals it.I only come here for the quizzo, every wednesday 7-9. Free fries with any purchase if you're playing. But what do I buy?! The only vegetarian entree is the 'shroom burger, which at about $7, is overpriced for a stuffed mushroom between two buns with a diameter of maybe 3 inches. It kills me. The beer is a little pricey too, their shackmeister ale $6 for a 16 oz pour (though brewed just for them by Brooklyn Brewery). So a full meal for me would be about $13, more than enough for a decent restaurant elsewhere. 
It's delicious though.Food was good but definitely overpriced. I've gone to restaurants and would pay at most $10 for a good sandwich/burger that comes with a side of fries. I paid $15 for a burger/drink/fries and definitely had better for that price at other places.The burger ("shackburger") tasted pretty good but was overall just a soft messy blob, lacking any discernible flavors besides salty, lacking any crispy or crunchy texture, and with occasional odd overly-bright pink spots in the meat. The chicken hot dog on the other hand was rubbery-tough and grilled way too black on the inside slice, and also lacking flavor. The root beer float tasted good but I don't understand why it only filled up 80% of the tall paper cup. The highlight of the meal by far was the cheese fries -- by themselves the fries were just okay, but pouring the cheese sauce on them made them absolutely wonderful.So addictive and good...
I come here for the Shackburger most of the time. Sometimes I would get double meat burger. It's simply so juicy, so flavorful and so amazing. It's also close to the maths and physics lab, so I come here a lot after evening lessons. Sometimes Shake shack is my only reason to go to class.
Amazing place. Thanks for being so close to campus!!!
It's as good as the ones in NY too.I've just finished my first ever burger (double cheese burger) and fries from Shake Shack...and i'm really disappointed. The bun was soaked through with grease and the cheese was tasteless. The fries were just average. In a word the meal was: greasy. But not flavorsome greasy - just oily, greasy. 
We are spoiled for choice here in University City and Philadelphia in general. If you can, hit up some local places like Spot Burger. You'll get a burger thats 10 times better than Shake Shack and you'll get the added buzz thats comes with helping a local business.Philadelphia has become a mecca for the restaurant scene, and because of that it wasn't long until the imports started to show up. "Shake Shake" is a New York chain and I'm sad to admit that being from New York is already a strike against it. This is not because I have anything against a place filled with so many delicious bagels and deli meats. Its is because I have city pride and want do what I can to support local operations.  I think our city has great potential and I want to see how far we can take. The problem is that resources are finite and if we want to see what Philadelphia can do we need to support locals. I understand live by the idea that "variety is the spice of life," but interesting things are happening here and to see them through I will support local over foreign restaurants. I don't like to admit to bias, but I will not lie to you. With this in mind I will continue on to the review.
To start with "Shake Shack" oozes style. I talked in a previous review of how I enjoy the steel and wood look that modern restaurants set up. The "Shake Shack" has mastered it, they understand how to compliment the look with solid flat colors. The interior is perfectly proportioned. With everything from the tables, plates, chairs, food containers and food designed to match the room. Nothing is gaudy and the concept of burgers and fries as well as where to order and sit is conveyed through the use of simple shapes and designs. I don't know what the style is, but it is similar to the stark cartoon images we use on road signs. In addition the lay out is superb, they have an understanding of how lines of people move and flow. A large menu placed is placed above the waiting area of the line in such a way that it can be seen in its entirety no matter where you are. This serves double duty in providing light entertainment and, hopefully insuring that when someone does get to the front they know what to order. They have an extra line dedicated solely to those people ordering milk shakes and custard. Which helps to cut down the main line and insure that people who want to pop in and out can do so. After you've ordered they give you a buzzer that tells you when your food is done. Its about the size of cell phone and lets you can prep your table or go for a walk while you wait. All these little things show that a lot good ideas went into this place and its construction.
The food is what you would expect from a burger place. Fries milk-shakes and burgers dominate the menu. The only way that they veer off the the beaten path is by also selling a variety of hot dogs. Hot dogs and hamburgers have a strange relationship. They are always bought together  but any griller worth his salt will buy double or triple the number of burgers to dogs. I understand that hey have shared history, but people just don't eat them like they used too.
The plain burger that "Shake Shack" serves comes with its own special shake sauce. While I can't tell you what actually is in it. Judging by the color and consistency I assume it is a mix of mustard, mayo and some other spices. The burger was fine, nothing wrong with it, but nothing that wowed me. The patty was very flat and well done with a nice crisp on its base showing a cook who understands the maillard reaction. If I have time to go back I would want to see if I can cooked in way other then the USDH certified guidelines for cooked meat though.
The fries were good, but a little too thin. This cut sometimes called the "shoe string fries" is pretty popular right now. A thinner cut means more of the surface area can be cooked by fry oil and creates crisper french fries. It also cuts the heat retention of the dish in half, so you have cold fries on top before you even sit down. The fires were also over salted a little bit, but that is just nit picking.
As for the milk shake, perfect. I don't drink milk shakes very often, but when I get a hankering for one I get so desperate I will stop at Mcdonalds to buy one. After the first sip I'll promptly throw it out in disgust at both myself and Mcdonalds, but I want to show you how desperate I get for these things. "Shake Shack" Despite any thing else I said earlier makes a damn fine milk shake. They know how to make it thick, but not so viscous that you'd pull out your fillings trying to suck it through a straw. The flavors are mellow, which is how I think a milk shake should be. I drink milk shakes not because Ilove ice cream or milk. I drink them because I enjoy a smooth velvety texture with a light sweetness set off by chill. I this way shack lives up to its name by giving me a place to go whenever I'm in deperate need of a shake.
Over all (), they look great, but the food isn't great. If you want to see how a restaurant should look and act. I recommend that you go and learn what you can from them.The greasy burgers made me sick. Just saying. My stomach felt awful shortly 2 hours after eating there the other day.$14.25 for a Double Shack Burger, Fries and a small ice tea. The burger patties fell apart in the bun. This is a sign of frozen meat that wasn't defrosted properly. It was like burger was microwaved. The meat was actually mushy. Totally unacceptable. The burgers are over salted. This is only necessary if you trying to tenderize the meat. High quality hamburgers don't need that much seasoning. The fries are frozen. I was aware of that before eating at Shake Shack. 5 Guys and In and Out don't use frozen fries. For close to the same price I could have eaten at Rouge which has a phenomenal burger and fresh french fries. I have eaten at the all the restaurants I have mentioned. I would rate Shake Shack below Wendys and above McDonald's and that isn't saying much. By the way this is the second time I have eaten at a Shake Shack. All this time did was confirm my suspicions from the last time. An inferior, overpriced burger and fries.So good but so expensive, totally worth it though. Be prepared to pay upwards to $15 per person but the food is amazing.The outright growth by Drexel since I graduated not so long ago simply amazes me.  Next up on its growing campus is Shake Shack.  Considering the previous dining options, I have no doubt students will have anything to complain about with SS.
As for me, no longer a student and with the whole city open for dining, I can be a bit more picky.  Yes, SS has solid burgers and shakes.  Has either location in Philly delivered me the best burger I've ever had.  Nope.  In fact, they seem slightly below In-N-Out.  Of course, SS is a whole lot closer than In-N-Go.