Found a BONE in my Yellowtail roll and scallion roll. When I called to complain, the person on the phone started to giggle and responded with "um ok... I guess next time you order we can give you an extra roll or something." I obviously will NOT be returning. 
The sushi that I did manage to consume before finding the bone was not great. The fish did not have flavor and there was too much vinegar in the rice. Also, the rolls were not completely rolled and were falling apart.Had a chirashi - I'm a big fan of sushi and chirashi, and since my favorite sushi place in town, Vic Sushi, doesn't have chirashi on the menu, I've been looking for a nice place for one. After the reviews and referrals of my friends, I decided to try this place.
Well, the chirashi here is definitely not bad. The sushi cuts are think and many, the rice bed is seasoned well and just enough to make one full. While I can't complain too much of the quality, I was rather disappointed with their maguro sushi; it lacked flavor. Too bad that only if the tuna was good enough, this place could have easily been one of my favorite chirashi place in the town. (Sushi weren't bad on the average, but yet to beat Vic Sushi)
I can't say much about the service here since I came a bit early (5:00pm) to avoid any crowd and enjoy quiet dinner alone at the sushi bar. However, the service was just right for me, and the décor also is none of my complaints.
Overall, although I didn't try much of their menus, I'm pretty satisfied by this place.
Just the tuna was on the bland side, so maybe I won't come here too often, but other than that, no real complaints so far. 
However, thus my search for the quality chirashi in Philly continues :(I thought the sushi was good. I would come back.
But, they really need to clean up their orange awning outside. It is filthy. And that's not the first thing I want to see when I go to a sushi place.We LOVE this place! From Seattle and have tried several other Japanese restaurants and find this the best in Philly. Nice quiet atmosphere, you can hear yourself and friends talk, food great and service excellent. Even the way the food is plated shows that they care. Will keep coming back.After a long, beautiful sunset run on the river, I was starving for sushi. I was visiting the area and saw the great Yelp reviews so I thought this was the spot for me. The staff was very polite and the restaurant was quaint and well kept. I ordered the Sushi Heaven Plate and thought it was OK. The sushi was fresh, but there was nothing extraordinary. No unique flavors, no incredible textures. Just straightforward, average sushi.   For dessert I tried the fried ice cream and was pretty disappointing. The ice cream itself was still rock hard when it came to the table and the dough was still spongy textured on the inside, which I have never experienced before.   
Not really a place I would go back to again.Best Japanese food I have ever had! Traveling for a week and plan to eat here every night!!Best freshest sushi in Philadelphia!!!!  The sashimi pieces are very large.  The prices are reasonable.  The staff is very friendly.We had spider roll and another roll and octopus and mackerel. More like $$$ not $$.
Maybe it was just an off night at Shiroi, but this was pretty disappointing. The rolls were just like rubber. Still we ate it and the people were nice and asked how it was, but what can you say? We paid $48 and left depressed and next time we'll just get some cheap Chinese food.I went here as a party of three for dinner- we got the Sushi Love and another cooked dinner combination. The sushi was quality, the size of pieces were average or standard for the price. The staff was courteous and attentive. There were couples, and groups there dining- the restaurant appears small but there is an upstairs that looks like it would be nice to host a party or group. I'd also recommend the Sake with Plum wine, everyone in our group enjoyed it!This place is definitely solid. Fish is very fresh and a straightforward atmosphere with quick service. Huge fan of their salmon avocado and sashimi rolls.
Also, a great place to get teriyaki and udon noodles.Excellent, fresh sushi. Everything was fantastic. The manager (Bob?) was super helpful in guiding our order choices. They forgot to include our gyoza in our takeout order after which Bob called us and delivered it to you doorstep personally! Such a great guy.We eat here before we go to the orchestra, probably five or six times a year.  It's a top notch Sushi restaurant with great service.  It has a nice range of sushi options as well as cooked dishes and a great set of Bento boxes.  Prices match that of most down town Sushi restaurants.  Its sushi options are better than average.  I never eat rolls, but my friends often do and like what they get.  Once I splurged and got their top of the line sushi platter, the special that has all the exotic pieces.  Wow.  At any other Sushi place you'd have to order a la carte to get these bites of joy, and at a higher total price.  It faces tough competition from plenty of other good places, including Morimoto, which has the best selection of Sushi and Japanese dishes in Philadelphia, so only 4 stars.  But anyone who has not eaten at places like that, this place would get a 5 star rating.Sushi Love for two.  Seemed like a good idea at the time.  Man was this a lot of food!  No wonder why the wait staff were starring at us in the corner waiting to see if we could finish it all.  We did our best, but fell short.
We were looking to satsify our sushi craving before we headed out for drinks.  Yelp pointed us here.  Not only was it within walking distance from our hotel (the Sofitel), it was next door to the bar we wanted to check out (Good Dog Bar) and other bars as well.  Score!
We decided on the Sushi Love.  Miso soup or salad, 16 pieces of assorted sushi, rock and roll roll (shrimp tempura, spicy sauce, cucumber, scallions, bonito flakes, and sesame seeds), spider roll (fried soft shell crab, sprouts, scallions, bonito flakes, and sesame seeds), salmon and avocado roll, and spicy tuna roll...all for $57!  Did we care if we couldn't finish it?  No.  Why?  Because it was only $57!  Man were we eye hungry. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gkrDiCU_sRZKwuBlhEzv6A?select=FB1liQlAxRSD-enhzv3ucA)
Their house salad with ginger dressing was yummy and had just the right amount of dressing on it.  The miso soup came out piping out, was good, but it was well, your ordinary miso soup.  The sushi was pretty fresh.  Although I can't exactly remember which sushis we had, I know we had 8 different kinds.  The rolls were just okay, nothing to jump for joy about.  The sushi and veggies in the rolls were pretty fresh.  The sushi rice was okay.  My favorites were the rock and roll roll and the salmon and avocado roll.  The spider roll pieces were huge!  Definitely had to take two, if not three bites to finishe one piece.  I think I would have liked it better if they were bite size pieces.  The spicy sauce that came with the rock and roll roll and spicy tuna roll was not good at all.  Not only was it not spicy, but you could seriously taste the mayo in it.  Not cool at all.  
Service was okay.  Our waitress was pretty attentive.  But, maybe it was because she kept starring at us to see if we could finish our meal.  Whatever though.  At least our hot sake and Sapporo never ran low.
Shiroi Hana is an okay place to grab sushi at.  Not the best, but it will do the trick.Very limited selections and very pricey for no reason. I don't like places that allow for no substitutions. Lunch time combos are useless bc they come preselected. Not a fan and won't return.I ordered to go a miso soup, mushroom rolls and salmon+avocado rolls. 
OMG!!!! This place reaaaaly impressed me!!! Miso soup was excellent!!!  mushroom (shiitake)rolls were on point! And salmon+avocado rolls were absolutely amazing!!!! There were so big pieces of salmon!!!!I don't know what happened, but I used to love this place. My most recent visit during lunch made me wonder whether or not I should've stayed. The place smelled like fish. Rotting fish that sickened my stomach. Every sushi place has a little bit of a fish smell, but this was extreme. I would've given this place one-star for this visit (I used to think of this place as a four-star place), but the sushi was still okay. The older sushi chef who used to work there is now replaced by his apprentice, it seems. Every piece of sushi is he-man sized, which I don't like. Sushi is supposed to be dainty and small, not made for a cow. I don't get why places like this and Haru make such big sushi for cows. I appreciate my piece of toro being whopper sized, but this isn't the beautiful edible art I've come to know and love.This is a great sushi joint. The interior is a little austere but I would like to think it is because the fish should speak for itself. I have always found the fish very fresh and reasonably priced. I am a bit of a purist when it comes to sushi so have never tried any of the specialty rolls. The sake selection is solid and I have always found the servers to be very pleasant and professional.This is one of the best sushi places I have ever been to. I went here with my new-to-sushi sister and even she loved it. Everything tasted so fresh and flavorful I had to limit my soy sauce intake...which is rare. The front of the house is always prompt and accommodating. I've had the same waitress each time I've been here and she has always taken care of myself and my guests. When my sister struggled with the menu and chop sticks she was very helpful and even gave her a short chop stick lesson. She made an already great meal even better. My sister had the Philadelphia roll and I was surprised at how delicious it was. I think the prices are pretty reasonable compared to other sushi places so I have no complaints there either. Such a great place for sushi in the Philadelphia area.Great meal and fantastic service.  We Had Sushi and also Rolls.  Fresh sweet fish,sticky rice and warm Saki. Great presentation and specially prepared ginger for my wife. Will definitely return.Great place located in the heart of center city. Nice and quiet atmosphere(not awkwardly quiet). Sushi was very fresh and tasteful! Waiter was friendly and service was very good! Food came out very fast and was delicious. If you drive here good luck with parking! Will be back here soon!Came to Philadelphia for a conference and stumbled upon this place as I walked around looking to see where we could eat. Ordered the bento box. Everything was excellent. The atmosphere is quite pleasant and adds to the very positive experience. I will definitely come here again when I'm in town.Good sushi, quiet and quaint atmosphere, the price is fair too. The presentation of food and dessert menu options should be improved to compete with other sushi places in townI had a great first experience at Shiroi Hana. I ordered the sashimi deluxe; 17 pieces of very generously fat cuts of fresh sashimi, free brown rice, delicious miso soup, and great service. I will definitely come again and bring others with ne next time. Best in Philly when all factors such as quality, value, and service are taken into account. Only place with much higher quality is Morimoto, but costs twice as much.As far as I am concerned there are three types of Sushi restaurants: Horrible, good, and amazing. If you are looking for Nobu or a $90 piece of extinct nigiri, this is not your place. But if you are looking for fair prices, casual atmosphere, and extremely solid rolls and service, this is your neighborhood joint. This is not a place I would eat my last meal on earth, but if you want good and fairly priced sushi on a Friday before 20 dollar beer night in Rittenhouse Square, this is your place.The place is quite authentic in the sense that I was brought hot wet towels as I was seated. The staff was japanese too. My tea cup was often refilled and the service was great. I did not see many special choices for the sushi rolls so I think that I may have ordered the wrong things. I ordered a spicy scallop roll (this has too much rice in it), shrimp tempura & eel roll, spicy crunchy yellowtail roll. They were decent but they weren't amazing.  I also ordered teriyaki squid which was very watery but tolerable. I wouldn't order it again though. What I wanted to order was a nigiri sushi sampler which two Japanese men ordered right next to me. Maybe those would have been better or  a bento box because I could not tell what was the specialty in this place by the menu options, especially since I see high reviews and it seemed like a relatively more upscale place.My wife and I had dinner here last night. Absolutely fantastic! Everything we had was delicious and the service was impeccable. The shumai and fried oysters were great appetizers and my wife went bonkers for the uni (sea urchin- her favorite sushi). My sushi roll was among the best I've ever had. We will be back soon!I'm a regular at Shiroi Hana for lunch and dinner too if I find myself working late. Center City Philadelphia's a tough place to try and find something reasonably healthy that's not an overloaded salad.
Shiroi doesn't slice dainty delicate flakes of fish. The sashimi platters feature assortments of thick, fresh slices. They're fast, clean and friendly. You can be in and out in 40 min at around $20 pp. It's typically quiet during lunch and gets busier for dinner. Great place to grab a bite with coworkers and friends.
Hit up Morimoto's or Raw if you want to impress with cash or trendiness. Shiroi is straight-up, fresh sushi and sashimi. 
Recommendations besides the Sashimi samplers:
Any hand or maki roll. Good quality fish makes for a good roll. Hamachi Serrano with avocado is a perfect balance of creamy avocado and beautiful yellow tail set off by jalapeno. Udon bowl is flavorful and great to share in the winter. Sake selection is quite good.Excellent food. Broody poorly-trained waiter on the second floor reached over my face with a dirty plate in his hand from another table. I asked for coffee at the end of the meal and he said, "I'd have to make it."  So we skipped the coffee. He got an 18% undeserved tip.I'm not an expert at sushi by any means. My experience at Shiroi Hana started off well enough. I went with two others on a Friday around 7:30pm and the restaurant was almost empty with the exception of 3 other tables. We were given warm towels at the beginning of our meal, nice touch! We each ordered a few sushi rolls and a house salad with ginger dressing. The house salad was typical, nothing fancy, good ginger dressing. The ratio of cream cheese to other stuff in my Philly roll was a bit off and I found it difficult to eat, physically. Like hard to get down the pipes. I also had the snow crab roll which was better. I liked the ambiance and service was great, but the food was just in Snooki's words: "meh."I came here a few years ago during the Cherry Blossom Festival (this restaurant offered a 10% discount to those that brought the special advertisement in the Cherry Blossom Festival website -- Google it).  
I returned recently since I was craving some really good Japanese food.  
First dish: Kaibashira -- scallops sauteed with butter and sake.  Eight medium-size scallops appeared within 15 minutes of ordering.  Sublime.
Second dish: the Max Roll (Tuna, yellow tail, avocado, cucumber, scallion, smelt roe) and the Shiroi Hana Roll (Shrimp, crab stick, smelt roe, scallion, tempura flakes, mayo w/eel and avocado on top).  Of these two, I preferred the Shiroi Hana Roll since it definitely had a lot of flavor going on simultaneously.   The Max Roll was unremarkable.  
My dinner companion ordered the Tuna Club Roll (Chopped spicy tuna, smelt roe, scallion and tempura flakes in sandwich shape).  Now THATS a winner!  It really did look like a club with three layers of rice!  
They do accept reservations, so be sure to call one in if you go.I really like this place but on a student's budget, it's not that affordable.  It was recommended to me by a Philly assistant DA who was Asian so I figured he knew what he was talking about.  I also wanted to try a good sushi place that was actually edible as sushi or sashimi.  We tried one of the combo sushi platters and it was excellent and very filling.  The miso soup was served very hot (which I love) and it was delicious.  The service was very good and it was not too crowded as I came around 5:30 for dinner and most of the orders seemed to be for takeout or delivery.  (It was also pouring outside)  
It was kind of annoying having to go upstairs for the bathroom but it was cool to see how it's a different more trendy and sexy setting up there.  This place is a nice middle ground between Mizu/Vic's and Morimoto.Two-words: Bento Box!!!! Tempura and gyoza were cooked just right and california rolls were good.Good location, very convenient with walkable distances to broad street theater area and city hall. Food is good, and it would be better if they could plate the food visually betterGood location in center city but I just never liked this place. Authentic Japanese people have been known to like this place but I just thought it to be above average at best.Awesome quality sushi/sashimi offered here. Prices are pretty much what you would expect for sushi/sashimi (around mid 20's). It also has a cool traditional japanese look inside.Not sure what all the bad reviews are about. This is the best japanese restaurant I've been to *in philadelphia* so far.  I've had plenty of japanese food in San Francisco, Tokyo, NYC, etc. and Shiroi Hana is way better than Zama, Fuji Mountain, etc. This place kind of reminds me of Ise in NY. All the same type of appetizers and entrees.Shiroi Hana, as many have commented, has beautiful interior with a calming, comfortable ambiance. It is memorable for the way it is minimally decorated and extremely clean. 
The food:
Gyoza: liked the flavor of the filling, but the wrapper wasn't crisp/light
Tempura: beautiful presentation with light batter. Very well-done and great portion/variety.
Tonkatsu - Lightly breaded and tender cutlet. For its price, you get two cutlets worth of katsu, and I think the real treat is the katsu sauce with kewpie mayonnaise. Really lovely.
Sashimi regular- For $25, you get a 12-piece sashimi dinner. Extremely fresh fish, and I love the shredded daikon beneath. The salmon and the yellowtail were exceptional. Filling alongside salad and rice. 
Hamachi don- Again, beautifully fresh hamachi don presented on rice with black sesame. (Chirashi must also be wonderful)
I am looking forward to trying more of their traditional dishes, and I was very taken with their service. Absolutely a gem in Philly.
-
Edit: Surprised with my second visit. Had the chicken teriyaki, which was terribly overcooked chicken breast with a very thin dressing as the "teriyaki sauce." Not moist or flavorful at all. Also, the agedashi wasn't very good, either. Tough tofu and the flavor was a little off.High quality sushi. Nice list of quality sakes. Fast but not pushy service. Very relaxed and quiet inside. I generally don't take pictures of food but this is one time that I wish I had as the presentations were also really nice.Shiroi Hana is an above-par neighborhood sushi spot. The ambience is calm & quiet in a fairly casual & clean space.  The menu covers all the bases with your basic appetizers, simple fresh sushi, creative rolls, and some cooked entrees, as well as daily specials. The service was good and our food came out quickly. 
We started off with wine - while it wasn't the best white wine I've ever had, the pour was big, and the more I drank it the better it tasted ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
My mom and I started with two salads - seaweed & house. The SEAWEED SALAD was good, with a touch of acidity from a lemon slice! The HOUSE SALAD used a spring mix and had a tasty ginger dressing. 
We also had a couple of sushi rolls and one of the specials. I forget the name of the special we had, but it was our favorite thing we ordered! If there's a special with a description containing "crispy rice" and "spicy" - get it and thank me later. The dish comes with two planks of thin and crispy rice with a chewy interior, topped with spicy tuna, jalapeno slices, roe, and a sauce. It had the perfect combination of textures and flavors, and I love anything with a spice! My SALMON AVOCADO ROLL was very fresh, and had the perfect amount of rice. I forget which rolls my mom ordered, but she enjoyed hers as well.
With so many Japanese restaurants, Shiroi Hana isn't a place I'd go out of my way for or choose over another more favorable spot, but I wouldn't hesitate going here when in the area!This place is my favorite spot for sushi. I usually get take out but I've come here with friends a few times. 
If you come here to sit down it's a small restaurant but usually very quiet. The staff is great and the sushi is my favorite of the city they have a great selection. 
The only reason I give them 4 stars and not 5 is because their hours annoy me. They are closed in the middle of the day and that's usually when I want sushi.Shiroi Hana is a tasty and aesthetically pleasing restaurant. The food is very fresh and flavorful. I do not enjoy a lot of Philly's Japanese restaurants but this place is pretty exceptional. The staff are attentive and accommodating. The place is very clean and decorated beautifully. The cream, pale yellow, and brown décor is very inviting and soothing. I love coming here in the cold weather and getting settled in with a hot hand towel and a cold Sapporo. 
The sushi portions are quite large and they are generous with the sashimi. The udon is tasty and the teriyaki and chirashi dishes are not half bad. I knock a star off because I do think it is overpriced. I have had a few rolls that were mediocre and there are much cheaper Japanese places out there with a higher quality of food. Overall, Shiroi Hana is a pleasant restaurant and worth checking out.I am a raw fish fanatic, and am always willing to drop the extra money for quality sushi, but this restaurant is definitely NOT the place to do it.
My boyfriend and I ordered edamame for starters, and three specialty rolls. The edamame was dried out from being over-microwaved, and the rolls were the smallest/dullest $15 rolls I have ever seen in my life. 
The ambiance is really nice for a sushi restaurant, which is why I gave it two stars instead of one, but it's definitely not worth the low-grade fish, stingy portions, and lack of plate presentation.
We were so dissatisfied with this place that my boyfriend and I went to another sushi joint the next day. We spent half the amount, and got twice the amount of food WITH better quality. Sure, I had to sacrifice the nice lighting and table cloth at the other place, but my stomach and I left a hell of a lot happier.Consistently excellent and fresh. By far the best sushi in Center City.I have always had good sushi here.  I've been here for lunch with a colleague, for dinner with my six year-old son, dinner with just adults, and a big party (upstairs there are more tables and you can have a private party up there).  The service is quick.  If you want a leisurely, cool, funky night out - don't come here for that.  If you want great sushi, interesting rolls, and fresh sashimi - come for the food.  When I came with my son (who LOVES sushi), the waitress was very nice to us and accommodating.  This is a kind of place where you will see some business dinners, small groups of friends, dates, and a few kids.Did take out just before closing.  Tuna, salmon and double eel.  Unbelievable.  Glad I took a walk around the block of the hotel.  The tuna and salmon were very high grade.  Reasonable prices as well!We had dinner here Saturday night. It wasn't crowded and the friendly server helped us choose a sake that we were very happy with. The fish is fine, nothing special. In general,  bland -- even the spicy tuna hand roll -- and overpriced. (When a meal is great, I never mind the price. If I'm not impressed, I notice it!) The sashimi deluxe was just lops of tuna, salmon, and yellowtail. When we ordered mackerel for some variety, the sushi chef handed us more salmon.  Overall, eh. You can find better.Usually a decent place for quick sushi but after the customer service we received after take-out today,  I would not recommend anyone to pay a visit. After receiving poor quality fish and skin on a roll we called and was told "I checked it over and everything looked fine. " I'm not sure which is worse,  knowingly serving us less than acceptable fish or arguing that it was correct. Poor form!!  Not worth the visit!!Yo! My fav fav favorite sushi place at PA! Fresh sashimi ever! The presentation of the sushi is perfect. I like the best is the spider roll. Love the little tail. Oops.. The taste of wasabi is still in my mouth. Deliciousss.. Service here is fast and clean too. Price is reasonable. Dude, give it a try!Their business hours are not 5pm.. it is 5:30pm! It is abit later then other restaurants, but 30min was so worth it!
I ordered Sashimi plater. They presented 3 pieces per fish and there were 4 different fishes.(total 12 sashimi) When I saw the dish, I was bit disappointed about the amount/varieties compare to the price, but it was so worth it! It was fresh (of course) and the thickness of the sashimi were pretty decent, so it full me up very quickly.
I am very look forward to visit this place again. Very good service or course!!!Had a pretty great experience overall but enough nitpicking to knock it down to 3 stars. This tiny restaurant has a sparse yet intimate feel. First gripe is the wine selection or lack thereof. I think they had like 4. My second gripe was the miso soup; I have never before had miso soup that I disliked before although of course some are better than others. Theirs had a strange, mysterious fishy taste. My final gripe was the lack of exciting dishes on the menu for non sushi lovers. I settled on chicken teryaki. On the upside the chicken teriyaki was very tasty and too plentiful for me to finish. They offered white or brown multigrain rice so I chose the latter. I'm not sure what kind of rice it was as it was a purplish shade but it was very tasty. Our server was wonderful; attentive but unobtrusive. The experience was lovely but I'd be much more likely to return if I liked sushi!I was impressed all around. A very good restaurant. My date and I walked in around 8:45 on Valentines Friday night and they were able to seat us without reservations within a few minutes. The service was quick and no fuss--not overly friendly but not rude either. 
The food was very authentic, fresh and tender. The salad ginger dressing had a little more lemon than most sushi restaurants but it was refreshing rather than overpowering. It was also nice to see that on a busy night the chef was prepared and did not have to water down the miso soup.  The Shiroi Hana special had very tender chicken with perfectly cooked and breaded tempura. 
The sushi specials were again fresh with very tasty and hearty cuts of fish.  The sashimi was perfectly sized (a mistake of a lot of sushi restaurants is that they make such big pieces that it's no longer bite size).  The green tea ice cream was creamy, tasty, refreshing and a perfect way to end the evening. I will be going back next time I'm in the area.Cute place to grab some sushi.  Their food is always good and sushi is fresh.They also deliver and are fast and always get everything right.  I love sushi and live near there so I get the deliver quite a lot.  Overall, they are great.Tender sushi-excellent service. This is a little gem of a place. They have their own soy sauce, it is tasty.  They have room for larger parties in their upstairs with a bar. Everything was arranged thoughtfully for sharing a love sushi platter.  The banana tempura dessert was perfect. Only misstep is miso does not stay hot because of plastic bowl and ginger salad is on spring mix, which is not my preference and they drowned it in dressing. Ask for light dressing.Best sushi in philly here. The place is kind of small so seating can be hard however take out is very good. Not an overly priced japenese restaurant  like some other places.I went for dinner with friends on Saturday night. It wasn't too busy but the service was pretty slow. Took like 10 minutes to order our food. I got the $33 set dinner with miso, salad, box sushi, and ice cream. The salad was pretty average. It tasted fine but I wasn't that impressed because the dressing was just OK. The box sushi was quite small and not filling for something that should be $33. You get four pieces of sushi and six small pieces of one roll, and it comes with tempura, seaweed salad, and teriyaki chicken. The sushi wasn't in a good presentation and tasted just average. The portions were overall small and the teriyaki did not have a good glaze. It seemed like our was just baked chicken with sauce glaze on it. 
Overall I would be happy if this meal cost $20 or a little more because that's about the quality and quantity you get, but it was not worth it.Looking around all the Japanese restaurants in Philadelphia, the first restaurant which flashes in my mind is Shiroi Hana. It is suited in Center City at 222 South 15th Street near City Hall. There are a variety of transportation choices to arrive at this restaurant. Although the restaurant looks small, the inside environment is cozy and comfortable. 
     I have been to this restaurant twice. The food there always looks colorful and tastes good. Because of my interest in raw fish, I never forget to order a fish over rice dish for each meal. I tried the Salmon Don the first time and the Chirashi the second time. The Salmon Don is a bowl of sliced salmon with a bed of sushi rice, and the Chirashi is a bowl of sliced toro, uni, yellow tail and salmon with a bed of sushi rice. All the slices of fish are really fresh and will let you feel as though the fish is still alive on your tongue. Each bowl of rice includes almost 12 slices of fish. It is enough for us to eat one bowl of fish rice as a dinner.
     Of course, many other delicious dishes are provided every day by Shiroi Hana. We chose the sushi plate the first time. It is called the Sushi Deluxe, which is a plate of 10 pcs of sushi with spicy tuna rolls. The slices of fish are out of this world and the rice is a little bit sour because of the sushi vinegar. Customers can add mustard and ginger slices in it if they like. I ordered iced tea and my friend ordered the hot tea for drink. The iced tea is a cup of black tea with a slice of lemon and a can of sugar. I think the iced tea is too diluted so that I even cannot get the smell of black tea. My friend told me that the hot tea is good. It is mixed Chinese green tea with Japanese green tea. My friend likes it very much. It is worth mentioning the tempura in this restaurant. The shrimp tempura and the soft shell crab tempura is fantastic. Especially the tempura sauce, it is almost the same as the sauce, which is provided in Japan!  
     To tell the truth, the service in Shiroi Hana is better than any other restaurants I have ever been to in Phily. Waiters and waitresses all know Japanese and they always talk to Japanese guests choice by Japanese. Every ten minutes, they will come to every table and ask guests if they have needs. They are polite, friendly and well trained.
     In addition, the first floor of the restaurant is small but beautiful. People can choose either to sit beside the cook, choice the process of making sushi or to sit in sofa, waiting for the delicious food. People also can go upstairs to several small rooms for private conversations by reserving in advance. The restroom there is clean and sweet-scented. You must have a good experience there with an amazing dinner.
Derrick P. said on yelp website, "This place is definitely solid. Fish is very fresh and a straightforward atmosphere with quick service. Huge fan of their salmon avocado and sashimi rolls." I really agree with his opinion and recommend people to have a meal there too. 
     All in all, Shiro Hana is really a good restaurant to have a try!So we took a chance on the sushi place with decent reviews, a liquor license, and. 5 mile from our hotel.  The place was small (but aren't most sushi bars) but not cramped.  True staff seemed pleasant.  Their downfall was the ADD they all seem to suffer from.  Error #1 everyone around us got the hot towel treatment.  While that may seem trivial, when you don't get it,  you miss it. Don't lie...you know I'm right. #2 if I say I ordered sashimi and you bring me sushi, don't tell me I'm wrong when it was you who was distracted by the number of tables sat while taking our order. Error #3 host:when a kid asks you for training chopsticks don't say"go ask your waitress" while you sit idle.I'm not a big teriyaki fan, but I loved eating their beef teriyaki rice plate, which is priced around $20. The sushi here is pretty good (but not the best) and I fell in love with their beef teriyaki because they used thinly sliced rib-eye. They give you decent sized portions and the meat was tender with just the right flavoring.Not too much to say... stopped in for a quick sushi dinner.  The sushi was pretty good and service was friendly.  Nothing too spectacular but I do remember feeling like the rolls were bigger than normal.  I'll take it!I've been going to Shiroi Hana for about four years now and have never been disappointed. There have been times when I would go here once or twice a week. Not only does Shiroi Hana have fresh sushi and unique rolls that I haven't seen in other sushi restaurants in Philly (I highly recommend the Island Roll; it's my personal favorite), but it offers an array of Japanese-style chicken, steak, and cooked fish which is great when you have less adventurous members of your party who aren't crazy about the idea of raw fish. In addition to the normal menu, they have included an insert for a special "spicy" menu for the past few months. I have tried everything on it and love it all.
From a price perspective, Shiroi Hana is a bit more expensive than small sushi bars. However, it is less expensive than other ultra modern, swankier sushi places like Raw and Zama. That being said, Shiroi Hana's ambiance is somewhere in between, so I'd say it has a pretty casual vibe that can be dressed up or down. Dinner guests are usually a combination of locals from the neighborhood and also business people staying nearby or theater-goers.Very simple but excellent quality.  You don't have to spend a fortune (like Budakon) to prove quality.  Loved it...loved it...loved it.  Parking right next door or numerous parking lots around the area.  Close to Rittenhouse Square if you want to walk after dinner.
Also, Good Dog is right next door if you want to hang at the bar with friends after dinner...I've been making the rounds in Philly for sushi lately, and this place has become my perennial favorite. I've taken two dates here and also come with my dad, and the minimal, quiet, clean atmosphere seemed to fit both situations. Price-wise, it's no steal, but it's fair and not inflated by trendy cache.
The fish is the freshest I have had and sashimi cuts are generous and uniform. If you're more into rolls, try the eponymous Shiroi Hana roll or the rainbow roll. I am a sushi/sashimi purest, and could not tell you what the appetizers or wine selection were like, two complaints I've noticed in other reviews, which may be fair for all I know. I personally can't waste valuable stomach real estate on anything but the sushi, save a little miso and some sake. I do recall the seaweed salad was a big hit with my date. Not my bag.
Everything here from the decor, to the service, to the presentation, does a wonderful job doing exactly what it should and then getting out of the way so that the sushi sits center stage. It's a couple more bucks than your corner sushi joint, but even on a budget I have always considered it money well spent.4.5 Stars.
I declare Shiroi Hana as my official GO-TO Japanese restaurant!  
This place is the real deal.  You can tell by the menu that they're serious about this cuisine and authenticity...and it's also worth noting that their online menu does not list everything that is available.
All the food was absolutely fresh and delicious.  The actual restaurant itself was pretty, and service was above and beyond.  
Whether you're having date night, dinner with padres, or a meal with friends... choosing Shiroi Hana would be a no-brainer.Love, love, love the sushi & sake martini!  We were so busy enjoying the casual but on-point service, oysters, sushi, and conversation that we forgot too snap a few photos.  There will definitely be a next time! 
If not a fan of sushi there is a full menu of fresh and mindfully prepared options. But do have sushi. 
Outstanding!1 hour ago, i went that restaurant and i totally got annoying!! I found hair in the California roll and i talked to my server! Actually i thought apology is mandatory in this case, But they just took away my food which was included hair and just provided new one! They didn't say any SORRY!! It simply doesn't make sense. 
I really disappointed that restaurant also i didn't wanna eat anymore, so i asked my check and they just include my California roll that had trouble! It was really rude and they have to apologize about that part!! I absolutely DO NOT recommend this restaurantHad a wonderful dinner there last night.  Both food and service were truly exceptional. After sharing a delicious lobster tail tempura, two of us shared the Ume Dinner Special after being advised that two of them would be too much food. It was a very large bento assortment of chicken teriyaki, shrimp and veggie tempura, seaweed salad & sushi. It  came with miso soup, salad & ice cream.The standard for sushi is simple...are the fish fresh?  This was my first time eating at Shiroi Hana and I was not disappointed.  I had the mixed three option, to which I chose the #1, 2, 4.  The fish was very fresh and tasted great.  The piece of fish was decently large and the amount of rice was small.  No complaints there.  
The price at $15 for 8 pieces of nigiri and 2 hand rolls was not so bad considering the price of each individual nigiri was mainly $3 or more.  This was during lunch so I'm not sure if they have this for dinner also.  Once I added a scallop, toro, and uni nigiri, well let's just say the price tag sky rocketed.
Service was fast and friendly.  I would not mind coming back.  However if I was in the mood to really indulge on sushi, I would probably not come here.  I mainly eat nigiri and the price here is ridiculous.  There are definitely places with fresh fish at a cheaper price tag.This place was good but a little on the pricey side. The menu was what you'd expect for a sushi spot. Give it a try if you're in the neighborhood.An authentic Japanese restaurant.  Got the Hardcore sushi and it was great.    Also ordered the Daifuku mochi that was also good.   I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a real Japanese run restaurant.This place will be a major disappointment if you are a fan of fresh, authentic sushi. Sushi chefs looked bored and upset when I sat down at the sushi bar. Showed no interest in engaging in conversation. Would not help at all when I asked about recommendations, what was fresh. I ordered the "hard-core sushi" combination with salad and miso soup. Miso soup fine, salad with ginger dressing too heavy on the greens.  Fish were all served at luke-warm temperature. Mixture of fresh and previously frozen fish. Snow crab sushi had a piece of shell left in it. Didn't have any problems with tendons left in the fish, but the chefs clearly had minimal training in the art of fish cutting. Quality of fish is maybe 3 out of five and that is being generous. Overpriced for what you get.This is one of the only Japanese restaurants in the city that is actually owned by Japanese.  Unfortunately the sushi chefs have as much personality as my left toe, but the fish quality here is excellent.  Also, one of the only restaurants other than Raw and Morimoto that carries Mirugai all the time.
Sushi beginners may want to stay away, as this place is far from a bargain.  Due to the fact that I eat a lot more sushi than a normal patron, I would say to expect a bill ranging from $50-200.Oh Toro is THE best part of the tuna and they served it FROZEN. No REAL sushi place serves it FROZEN. Also a friend ordered oh toro sushi, while the rest of us ordered sashimi. The amount of meat was such a huge difference for the same cost. Definitely get sashimi if you're going to pay market price and if you're going to try out this place.
I ordered a Sapporo Light, she still brought me the wrong one after I said it twice AND pointed it out on the menu.Absolutely delicious!!! My family and I went here the night before the Philadelphia marathon to have sushi for dinner and it exceeded our expectations. My wife and I eat sushi once a week and we are very selective. The fish was very fresh and I would recommend this place to friends and family without hesitation.mmm delicious!
I just got back from having dinner here.  Slightly pricey, but definitely really good.  I ordered the dragon roll and the salmon steak (cooked to medium).  Everything was so yummy.  I feel like I ate a meal for 3 people all by myself, cause I didn't want anything to go to waste.  If I lived in philly, I'd prob frequent this restaurant a bit more often.After living in San José CA and having access to Japantown and now having visited Japan,  Shiroi Hana is the place that delivers the real deal.   Excellent atmosphere and ambiance with superb food!  I highly recommend for lovers of Japanese cuisine!The only thing I'd recommend from this place is the TUNA TARTAR.  Yummy avocado, tasty seasoning, and most importantly - fresh tasting, melts in your mouth, tuna.  After trying this appetizer, I was super duper excited to try the rolls.  I loooovvveeee sushi so I have very high expectations for every place I try, considering how pricey this type of food is.  Anyway, onto the rolls.  Overall, the PRESENTATION of the food was excellent and  quite artistic.  But.....my bf and I tried:
Spider roll - this is my all time favorite roll, next to anything spicy tuna.  So this roll HERE...was a huge let down.  It wasn't hot or crunchy or flavorful.  It was just whatever and had a strange sweet flavor.  They give you this semi-salty dip to go with it but man, that doesn't make it any better.  
Spicy tuna roll - GUEH! It wasn't spicy nor did it taste like tuna. And what's with the weird sauce on top?! Is that supposed to be their version of eel sauce or something? I'm confused.  
Rainbow roll - another disappointment.  The tuna was kinda dry..and the yellowtail was oddly flaky yet chewy at the same time.  The salmon was alright though.  
Crunchy roll - this was by far the worst.  What made this roll "crunchy" was the fact that they sprinkled a tiny bit of tempura over the roll.  What a ripoff!  An expensive roll that can't even live up to its name! D: I couldn't even taste the shrimp either...
Based on what I got here, I would not come back and order it again all for 70 bucks.  I've seriously had better.  Quality and quantity.  
A plus is that the service here is very good.  Everyone's very polite and it's like they wait on you, hand and foot.  They literally stand by your side and make sure you have everything you need, etc.  
Again, I think I'm just gonna try other things on the menu besides the sushi if I ever come back.  Hopefully they're as good as the tartar.It's a good classic Japanese restaurant. The sushi is always fresh. It is more expensive than mostI came here last night with my boyfriend and we have both been up all night with severe food poisoning. Avoid this place unless you want diarrhea and vomiting all night and day.  I should send them my hospital bill. Do not go here!I'm always on the lookout for a better sushi spot, but when it's all said and done I always come back. Try as I might to find a new sushi restaurant, I never find anything quite good enough to dethrone Shiroi Hana.
It's not that there's anything wrong with this place - the fish is always fresh, the miso is delicious, the udon's warm and inviting. The place is consistently good, but I guess I'm just searching for greatness. I don't even know what I'm looking for in particular. I always leave satisfied, but wanting something more.It's a nice place with a great atmosphere, but nothing stands out. 3*
Customer service is excellent. The server is incredibly attentive. 4*
I only tried the sushi and it doesn't stand out. The taste is just so-so. I personally think that the sushi is a bit dry. 3*