The Simple Dos and Don'ts for a Shabulicious meal at Simply Shabu :
DO make a rezzy if you have a larger party (or even if not, this place gets busy!).
DON'T expect there to be that much space between tables. 
DO pick up wine/sake/whiskey/booze on your way. (BYOB)!
DON'T be sketched out by the alleyway and nondescript door, look for the fogged up windows.
DO add your own spices to make a spicy broth.
DON'T waste an extra dollar on spicy broth that you can spice yourself for free.
DO follow up on your order (Hey waiter, where are my noodles/egg/tofu/beef? Service was a mess. Gonna give them the benefit of the doubt because they're new but c'mon!)
DON'T worry, after all that, they'll probably forget to charge you for something so everyone wins!
DO ask for extra bowls for sauces so you can slurp up delicious broths in one bowl and dip meat in other various sauces.
DON'T mix all the sauces together, cus that was weird. (Follow the instructions on the board).
DO order beef, shrimp and a la carte normal (asian) vegetables (bok choy, watercress, nappa, enoki mushrooms) to supplement a combo.
DON'T limit yourself to just the combo-because nobody wants your weird corn on the cob and tomato in their broth Simply Shabu.
DO go with your friends and enjoy a fun, cheap (super full for $20 each) DIY meal!
DON'T go with your friends and family who "just don't get the DIY food craze" (they're stupid).
SUPER excited this place exists! Hope the service improves. Can't wait to be back!The concept of the restaurant is great and the interior is nice and modern, and that's all the nice things I can really say about this place. If your restaurant concept is to have your guests cook their food in your soups, shouldn't your soups be flavorful? The houwe broth tasted bland almost if it was stock they made and have been thin down way to much. Their "spicy" broth is actually the same only difference is they threw 2 hand full on Chili's in it, I literally had to scooped two bowls worth of Chili's and went to their sauce bar and dumped everything they had into the soup to cover their water soup.  And they are charging $17 per person for a little bit of meat and a veggies display that looks a lot but not really, I don't mine paying more if you put a little more. This is the second time in here not by choice,  and I hated it even more . thanks but no thanks for me.Moving from California, I have been looking for Shabu Shabu for quite a while. This is the first place in Philly that specializes in Shabu Shabu. The ingredients are extremely fresh and good there. I really like the kimchi hot pot in this place, which I have not seen it anywhere else in Philly city. It is a little bit on the pricy though.Was very excited to try this place. but it was quite disappointing experience. I have been to shabu-zen in boston (which is only shabu shabu place I have been to) and loved it. however, in my opinion this place is definitely NOT comparable to shabu-zen, especially THE SERVICE. after viewing all the positive reviews, I figured this place could be full on sunday night. but when I went in with a reservation, the place was pretty empty. the waitress seated us right away but never came back to us for about 10 minutes. and never asked if we wanted anything to drink besides water. isnt this the very first thing they should ask after having the customers seated? we even had to call them over to place order! although the food was fine, I dont think Ill be traveling more than 30minutes again to have that kind of service. save your time and make your own shabu shabu at home!!!!Not bad, not great--a solid hot pot place.
We went with a group of 8, and had 3 pots to share (made for some awkward seating).  My husband and I got one beef combo and one pork combo to share--regular broth for me, spicy for him.  Food was a bit slow to come out (we had veggies for a while before the beef came, and we were basically done by the time the pork came out).
The combos are an ok deal--between 15 and 20 for a big bowl of assorted veggies (one piece napa cabbage, spinach, two leaves of bok choy, a slice of taro, corn, one small slice of tomato, one oyster mushroom, half a handful of enoki), an egg, a small bowl of noodles of your choice, and a plate of meat (with 9 pcs).  
I was unsure of whether to get the combos--but you'll note that there's only a $2 difference between getting the combo, and just a plate of meat a la carte.
all in all, I shrug my shoulders.  I certainly wouldn't turn down hot pot, but I'm also not going to sing its praises to the rest of Philly.I am IN LOVE with this new place!!! Ambience is trendy, clean, hip and the service is awesome and friendly! Love the concept! Prices are fair and you will be STUFFED!!
Try the combos, you will not need anything additional, way too much food really! Love the vegetarian combos, most of the time I take HALF the food home and I am a big eater! Been there like about 5 times and have not been disappointed! Any issues ask for Dennis he is the owner, you will probably just ask for him to thank hime for putting this together. They mostly do dinners week days and then week ends lunch and dinner, once I went for lunch during the week and was bummed lol. Please if you bring your alcohol (and can't handle it) don't act like the table we sat next to last weekend ahahaha I think they felt bad cos they left us beer and sake! Thanks guys lolI love shabu shabu! It's so fun!! I especially loved that we had our own hot pot and that we are able to make our own sauce.
What else... Oh yes, they give a ridiculous amount of food for cheap! I felt like one seafood shabu order would have fed me for three days!
Oh how much I love cheap eats!Nice atmosphere and great staff. A unique choice of veggies and sauces. Reasonably priced. I'd say the only downside is the broth. Spicy broth is way spicy but not really flavorful and the regular tastes like nothing (must add soy). Overall, the quality of meat and veggies was great. Yummy leftovers. Would come again!Great fresh food and friendly service. This place is small. Bring your own bottle or beer. Mix your own sauces (be sure to do this). I think four people is the ideal table size for eating here.Excelllent hotpot in Philly Chinatown. This place is awesome if you like DIY and hands on food. Its everything you'd want, fresh ingredients, great spicy broth, and a clean sauce station. The fact that the meat is USDA antibiotic and hormone free is a huge plus. I got the seafood combo which came with clams shrimp salmon cod scallops fish falls a bowl of veggies and udon, everything you needed for an awesome meal. Will be back again for sure.
Also as a bonus, its BYOB!I seem to be the odd one out by saying I was not completely amazed by this place.  There wasn't anything necessarily bad about the place, and I actually left VERY full, but given the price tag, expected something a little more special or unique. 
PROS:
Clean
fancy tables with stove built in
nice arrangement of vegetables and meat
Assortment of sauces
friendly service
BYOB
thicker than normal shabu cuts of meat
CONS:
PLAIN white walls. I felt like I was inside an asylum. 
5 inches away from the next party over, who will probably be unusually loud
over-priced  ($17 for 6 slices of meat)
house broth was bland (spicy broth is better, but $1 more) 
Ultimately in the end, I'm pretty sure I can make this at home for literally half the price tag and more meat. Also, be warned! I love garlic, but my breath and skin reeked of garlic for the next 2 days, no matter what I sprayed or how many times I brushed my teeth.I'm not 100% sure how much I can convey how great this place is. It is the epitome of a casual and fun dining experience. I had always heard good things about hotpot and it had definitely lived up to the hype. We called about an hour ahead on valentines day and they were able to accommodate us (I'm not sure if we were just lucky or not, but I would call ahead of time just in case)
The inside is decorated like how I would imagine a fun fro-yo place (which is super okay with me) but the most interesting part of the restaurant is the bar seating.
I love the way the bar feels like a community space and everyone is facing each other and enjoying a meal. It's a fun concept and I really enjoyed it. If making casual eye contact with other humans is not for you, they also have limited tables available (which I'm sure you need to call early to reserve.)
Lets start with the service. Absolutely impeccable. Everyone was super friendly and incredibly helpful. It was my first time eating hotpot, which can be a confusing concept sometimes but with the wonderful help of the staff, we were able to order a great combination. 
We ended up ordering the meat combo hotpot and an extra broth (the spicy) with pork belly, tofu skin and wood ear mushrooms. The mushrooms were free courtesy of a yelp check in offer. There is also a giant bowl of vegetables and a side of noodles/rice that come with it. Everything was just super fantastic. All the ingredients were fresh and high quality and the hot pot experience itself is definitely worth a try.
The sauce bar, which other yelpers have touched on, is just amazing. It's similar when you go to mongolian barbeque and make your own stir fry sauce but you are constantly nervous on whether or not it's going to taste good. Trust me, it is. With the helpful guides and the amazing flavors, you could do what I did and pretty much add a scoopful of everything into the bowl and it would taste fantastic. My date however did the smart thing and actually remembered the ratios of what he put into the sauce (which I recommend doing) so he could actually go back and get more sauce if he ran out without worrying about it tasting differently.
We didn't save enough room for the shaved ice, but the couple next to us ordered it and it looked absolutely fantastic. maybe next time...
The reason this place gets five stars is how genuinely happy the staff was when they heard you were enjoying your meal. It's the little things like that which will absolutely have me coming back.Sorry. This is just not shabu shabu.  And the frozen seafoods def not my favorite...
The decor is nice and something new...but they really need to step up a notch on the soup base and the "frozen seafood". Not to mention, my fish ball was still frozen...This is my third time here and I feel like it's about time I entered a review for this amazing place! So this is one of those times where I really wish yelp would let me enter half stars, coz this place would definitely rate 4.5 stars. For those of you wondering where the 1/2 star went, service. This might be a new restaurant thing but the last two times the service was really friendly and helpful but kinda slow. I like that they didn't overdo the decor, it's a great balance of functional, calming and welcoming without distracting you from the great food. 
Appetizers: Try the pickled cucumbers if you like a little heat. Very crunchy and refreshing and a subtle heat. 
Next step is the sauce bar. I like my eating experience to be interactive, especially if I can customize or be directly involved beyond ordering. So this part is really fun, just enough ingredients to let you play and experiment with the flavours without being overwhelming. 
The shabu (hot pot) itself is something you have to experience for yourself but my advice would be to consider that all your ingredients have different cooking times. So don't let things sit too long or take it out too early. 
Last bit of advice that I wish I'd gotten my first time here, how to eat the raw egg! Wait till the end and you've cooked everything else, them gently break the egg into the boiling water and watch it cook!! 
Shabu shabu!!Our big group tried this place last week and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and service. I am a big fan of shabu shabu and have tried many places in ny and most did not have a flavorable soup base as this place. Most importantly the veggies / seafood were thoroughly cleaned and kept fresh. I ordered the regular soupbase w/ seafood platter and extra crab on the side. The crabs and scallop were meaty and fresh. I highly recommend this place as it is budget friendly and the food and service met my expectations.
ISeriously good food and serious fun! The food was great and not too expensive, drinks are very reasonably priced. Makes for a fun sharing experience especially with a large group of people. Half of our table had never eaten shabu before and the staff was very helpful and answered all of their questions!I love it!  To my knowledge this is the first shabu-shabu in Philly.  The dining experience was so much  fun.  If your not into cooking your own food and being an active participant this place is not for you.  What makes this place even greater is the single serve shabu.  They have a long U-shaped bar with each seat having their own induction burner.  No more having to share a pot!  It was just a bit odd sitting at the bar if you have a big group, can't really communicate with everyone.  Dear owner(s), please get your sign up ASAP.  It was hard to find this place due to the fogged up window and the lack of signage.  You guys are going to want people to notice your yummy goodness from the outside.  Our group of 5 arrived without reservations on a Saturday night.  They gave us a call within about 30 minutes to return.  Our group was seated at the bar so we each ordered separately.  Since it was our first time, most of us ordered from the main shabu list which included the broth, protein, veggies, and noodles or rice.  You can also add from the a la carte menu or order everything a la carte.  The prices were decent.  Our bill came to about $100.  I suppose since they just opened up that's why they included a 10% off on our bill.  
I ordered the seafood shabu.  My choice of broth was spicy.  I asked our waitress how she would rate the spiciness.  She said it wasn't that spicy.  Wrong, it was to the point of coughing.  I like spicy but i also like to taste my broth and food.  It was bearable but i would probably choose either the vegetable or house broth and just add chili oil or chili to it myself.  The flavor of the broth was good though.  My seafood selection included: 3 shrimps, 2 scallops, 4 slices of fish, 3 fish balls, 4 clams, and a small piece of crab with the leg.  The veggies was a good portion but they included a slice of tomato, corn, and i believe it was taro which i did not like so much.  The udon noodles were tasty, if it got cold i just threw it back in the pot.  You also get to choose your own dipping sauce.  The have an asian condiment station which included: soy sauce, scallion, cilantro, chili, chili oil, garlic, and others i can't remember.  All in all, the food was great, the wait staff was attentive, and everyone had fun.  Oh i almost forgot, you will get messy here and that's ok.  
This place is definitely a must especially if you've never experienced shabu-shabu before.  We'll definitely be back!Wouldn't go again.
PRICE: Portions were small and overpriced compared to better locations like Little Sheep Mongolian Hot Pot in Edison, NJ.
FLAVOR: House broth was boringly flavored - just a little salty and savory, but without any of the unique herbs and flavoring at better hot pot locations (many others add bits of whole garlic, cardamom pods, and goji berries to the broth).  Kimchi Broth was a bit better, and added a bit of interesting flavor.  Mostly, both broths lacked salt and flavoring.  Feel free to add scallions, garlic, and peppers from the condiments bar to make it better.
SELECTION: The ingredients selection was not bad - pretty much what you would expect - lamb, meat, vegetables.  I recommend getting some taro to start with, because it is delicious, but takes a long time to cook.  
SERVICE: Service was pretty good, but the shaved ice took 15 minutes from ordering.  Much too long.The main shabu is a good choice for first time meal. However, when I come back next time I'm just going to ala carte. The veggie side that comes with the combo meal is too little and includes things I don't like taro root and squash. You get two lettuce leaves and a handful of spinach. I need more than that for veggies.
I would do beef again or the beef with pork. Then a bunch of alacarte bok Choy and spinach.
Spicy broth isn't very spicy, but it's spicy if you make your dipping sauce spicy. Next time I'm going to do house broth and have my dipping sauce spicy, both spicy is too much.
They are still waiting for their sign so the place is 1023 cherry st., closer to the 11th st side.My family and I went here late at night and while the food was great I found that the waitress forgot to give us netted spoons and a ladle until we mentioned something. How would we eat? As per usual Chinatown restaurants, the service is quick and impersonal. The food was fresh and the broth delicious.The food was delicious, the staff was very nice. They were helpful in explaining what shabu is (I'd never had it before). For a table of two, you have a pot of broth at your table (it's actually split in two parts, so each person can have his/her choice of broth -- spicy, normal ['house'], or vegetarian), and there's an electric heater under it. You get veggies/tofu and your choice of more veggies/tofu (if you're vegetarian), various meats (including seafood), and noodles or rice (and they also throw in an egg). You cook these in the broth yourself, and then dip them in a sauce that you mix from the sidebar (they have sesame oil, soy sauce, BBQ sauce, cilantro, scallions, hot peppers, ...). I had the surf and turf (seafood and pork or chicken [I chose the pork]) with the spicy sauce, and my girlfriend had the vegetarian version, and we both really enjoyed it. (We both got noodles, and they're delicious.) It gets a little messy, but it's fun and really tasty!Great friendly service! Food was fresh. I ordered the beef set, and they also gave a LOT of stuff in the side veggies. The waiter was really friendly and open for comments about things we liked and would like to see on the menu. A shame they don't have a lunch special, if not it would be perfect!Two nights ago, my super-hungry boyfriend and my super-hungry self didn't feel like cooking and decided to go out to dinner. Blinded by hunger, we ended up at a restaurant...that involved cooking. Maaaaaaaybe I didn't fully realize how a hot pot restaurant functioned. Oops!
Sitting at the Shabu bar at Simply Shabu, we ordered one pot of the Vegetable and one pot of the Seafood. It took only a few minutes for the server to come by with the broth to get us started, and in the meantime, we loaded up some little saucers full of hot peppers, soy sauce, sesame paste etc. from the place in the restaurant that I will refer to from here on as the "Extra Stuff Bar". We threw the stuff from the Extra Stuff Bar into our pots and subtly observed other people at the actual bar and how they were cooking their hot pot ingredients. 
Then all of the magic started happening. Our ingredients arrived and our server showed us how to control the burner. The vegetable ingredients came out looking gorgeous! If you appreciate nice produce as much as I do, this little arrangement will knock your socks off! The seafood was plated nicely as well, but then I started feeling a little panic-y upon realizing that it was frozen and I'd have to play chef from here on out. 
Clearly not knowing what we were doing, it would not bother me if anyone sitting around us viewed our food choices and consumption as an entertaining side show that night. Initially, the logic behind my cooking sounded a little like "I love bok choy and mushrooms and...let's try some of these fish balls now. Okay, those are done, let's turn the burner down...oh crap, I forgot about that clam I threw in!". 
Somehow, everything I cooked ended up turning out better and better as I got into a groove. My advice to a Hot Pot n00b would be to take a few moments to do a visual inventory of the ingredients and try to loosely plan an intentional execution. My only regret is deciding to flavor the broth with too many hot peppers from the Extra Stuff Bar: one sip almost had me running to the bathroom to put my head under the faucet (which is a shame because after an hour of cooking with such a great assortment of items, I'm sure it would have been amazing). 
Also, hot-potting can be really, really messy. It's also entirely possible that maybe I'm just really, really messy.
The staff was sweet, chatty and very helpful in aiding us in our hot pot adventure. The only thing that was a little off was our server's inability to uncork our bottle of wine (yes, this is a BYO). To her credit, I doubt she's old enough to buy a bottle of wine. The atmosphere was minimal and modern...I love it, though I'm going to second whoever said that the lights could stand to be on a dimmer switch and cranked down a few notches. 
Now that I've had a taste of hot pot, I can't wait to return! I love how it can be whatever you make it. And I will make it so that I don't burn my face off with all of the spicy.Coming from NY where shabu is everywhere, Simply Shabu is a bit below my expectation. The house broth is mainly water, no taste.  Very small portion for the price. Seems a bit too pricey for this type of food and location. DO NOT order fish roe balls. They serve the cheap ones - very fishy taste and not at all appetizing.  They serve grapefruits at end of meal. I saw the waiter took a plate of grapefruits from a table that didn't eat to another table.  Yuck!
I wouldn't go again if I don't have to.If you've ever tried fondue or Korean BBQ, you're already familiar with the "make your own meal" concept. Rather than a pot of hot sauce or an in-table grill, you get to prepare your meal in a Japanese hot pot. The idea can be simple, fun, and, with the right ingredients, potentially an excellent meal. I cannot find fault with Simply Shabu. You get a lot for your money and the ingredients are top notch. Whether you're a vegetarian or a meat lover, you can enjoy a sumptuous meal that includes a huge bowl of fresh vegetables, steaming hot broth that is warmed at your table, and your choice of rice or udon noodles. Meat options include USDA Choice rib eye, pork, chicken, lamb, beef meatballs, pork meatballs, shrimp, Dungeness crab, scallops, cod, clams, crab meat, fish tofu, fish meatballs, and cuttlefish meatballs. You can order a preconfigured combo meal or a la carte. There is one inherent danger to the concept - undercooking your food - but really the onus is on you to use your better judgement in deciding which ingredients look "cooked enough" for you. The seafood appears to be mostly frozen and I found myself biting into a cold cuttlefish ball at one point, so you have to be careful with timing and knowing where your finished stuff versus your transitional stuff is. In general, my fellow foodie companion, Chris W, and I had fun making our own meals. We each ordered the Surf & Turf combo shabus. I had the lamb and Chris had the pork. We each received a plate with five to six slices of meat and an assortment of seafood. After all of the ingredients are added to the broth, the result is a very complex, flavorful stew. Perhaps the only misstep is one of our servers asked us if we needed more bowls, presumably for the assortment of spices available at the spice counter, when we were about halfway done with our meal. Depending on the person, this is a place that will live and die by its sauces. I created a wonderful blend of soy, scallion, and garlic that I used to season most of my ingredients. The sesame sauce and BBQ sauce, which is not like any BBQ sauce we've ever tasted, are also recommended. The ingredients actually stand up well on their own, but the sauces just add that extra oomph.Amazing spot. Good for groups or dates. Fresh food, friendly workers, great prices. My date and I had never done hot pot before and the staff were more than friendly - they were straight up stoked to help us out. I had the kimchi broth and my date had the spicy, both good. We ordered the veggie and the meat (pork) plates to share and it was more than enough food. I will be going back!Came here with my boyfriend on Valentine's Day and everything was pretty good. We were treated with warm welcomes and the food was delicious. 
Our waitress was very friendly and sweet, she explained the menu for us and we decided to order two combo sets. Each sets came with a bowl of veges, a plate of meat  of your choice, and noodle or rice. For the amount you're paying I say this is pretty worth it. I would definitely come back again when i'm around the area. 
Since we came here on Vday, when we finished our meal they gave us chocolate covered strawberries. Yumm!Great, fun place to try. I went with a group of friends and the waitress was helpful in helping us decide how we should order. The spicy broth was great--this is where all the meat fun happened--and the house broth was perfect for our veggies. The lamb and fish balls were delicious. The sauce bar was great! It had lots of variety and helpful suggestions. This place is nice and clean addition to Chinatown--very glad this opened!Ok, this was my first time ever trying out Shabu! We went to Simply Shabu in a big group, about 15-20 people, had reserved the big table for groups. This place is a BYOB, so we brought bottles of wine, sake, etc., which pair really well with Shabu.
I am a vegetarian, so I ordered the veggie Shabu with their house-spicy broth. While we waited for all the orders to complete and food to arrive,we checked out their sauce bar. I love the choices of different sauces and they also have suggestions to make one if you are clueless. I really liked the BBQ -soy-sesame-chilly oil mix, so yumm. 
Once I got my veggie bowl, I started dipping/simmering things in my broth..our waitress came by within a few minutes and apologized for accidentally including fish in my bowl of veggies, she took it back and was nice enough to ask if I wanted any substitutes in place of that fish. I asked for extra mushrooms (mm...love mushrooms!). 
There was an egg in the assortment and just in case you are wondering which is the best way to cook it, I would go with soft boiling the whole egg, instead of trying to poach it by breaking it. I tried the latter and results weren't as good, on the other hand, my husband's boiled egg turned out great. They give you a spatula or a scoop to pull the veggies and stuff out of the hot pot. The spicy broth was delicious and had whole spices in it, which on one hand gave a great medley of flavors but on the other hand those spices come along every time I scooped up the veggies. Mind you..it can be annoying if you bite into the whole spices!
Since the big table is sort of squarish with the large space in the middle shared by the serving staff, it was difficult to converse with everyone in the group, we had to engage in conversations with our immediate neighbors only. Overall it was an interesting experience though, with a healthy Japanese hot pot at an affordable price!First time trying this place out and it was great! When you go to chinatown you imagine some less than clean venue with some greasy food slapped down on your table with some careless waiter who just takes your order hastily. However Simply shabu is a nice clean break away from the mundane dining of the Philly Chinatown. If you havn't had Shabu before then you must try it! Slightly different dining experience where you cook your own food right in front of you using the tasty broth they make. 
Customer Service: The young waiter/waitress will answer any questions you have on the wide variety of food on the menu with a smile. Always prompt to answer your requests even when they are scurrying by. 
Food: Got the Lamb Combo! High quality meat with great meat to fat ratio freshly sliced and brought to you upon ordering. Comes with a big boat load of fresh veggies, none of that tarnished or day old veggies either. Fresh food, clean eats, not greasy. Add an assortment of condiments from the bar to dip your food in, (bbq, soy sauce, dicon, scallions etc.etc.)
Decor: The venue itself is aesthetically pleasing to the eye with very bright lighting and great seating at the bar if your alone. Bonus: Very clean and bright bathroom, no weird smells. 
Definitely a stop in go to spot for an out of the box dining experience, go with friends to have a meal and relax with the BYOB policy! No complaints really. Give it a shot!Food was great. Ambiance was good. Service was attentive. Prices were fair for the quality and quantity.
The owner also seemed like a friendly and good guy.Very much A-OK.  It's just hot pot - they throw some boiling liquid in front of you, some stuff to dunk in it and you're on your way.  Simple.
That being said the staff didn't really offer anything here other than showing you to your seat and reminding you that after 1.5hr your time is up.  OK, I get it.  Other than that things were rushed and the process not really explained, which could be an issue for anyone who didn't know what they were doing.  Not big deals though.
The two of us ordered the seafood combo with some other assorted balls and fried tofu.  Beef and pork balls were...odd.  Would not recommend.  Very dense and unmeatlike.  But the seafood and veggies all seemed fresh, and the place in general was clean.
Would say that much food was probably too much for two people.
Sauce bar was cool I guess, they give a couple suggested combinations but again, you're pretty much left on your own here to do as you please.I've quickly become addicted to Simply Shabu. When you come here make sure you give yourself plenty of time to enjoy it- I recommend 2.5 hours or so. 
As other reviewers have explained, dining at Shabu means cooking the food yourself in a big pot of broth. You can choose what kind of broth you want ( I recommend the house, because you can spice it up yourself) and then what types of veggies, fish or meat you want as your "main course." A choice of udon or white rice and a huge bowl of veggies comes with each meal too. The veggies alone are probably enough for a meal. I always order the seafood, since I'm no longer a "meat" eater and the portion is huge. I have yet to finish my food at Shabu.
The sauce bar offers soy, vinegar, bbq, sesame oil, sesame sauce, chili oil, garlic, etc. to make your own sauce. I put lots of sauces from the sauce bar into my broth and use them as dipping sauces as well. 
Staff have been consistently friendly and responsive each time we've come here. While I haven't needed a reservation yet- I recommend getting one if you plan on coming weekend nights as it does get busy.first time trying Hot pot. I really love this place. I basically stared at other people to figure out how to go about it  I got the spicy soup with the meat combo. It wasn't spicy so I added peppers from the sauce bar. My friend has the kimchi broth with the seafood combo. We also got a pork dumplings. DO NOT PASS ON THESE PEOPLE!!!Excellent. The seafood hot pot was excellent. The service was great. They accommodated a 3 person party to a 2 person table and worked to make it comfortable for us. My son's beef hot pot was delicious (we share). The udon noodles with their suggested sauce was a hit. We will be back.This is definitely a restaurant to try if you never done hot pot before. Also, do it during cold weather month as it is meant to be. There are a lot of options for sauce combination, and there are also a lot of meat/fish/vegetable options for the hot pot. 
This is not the kind of restaurant to come every weekend, (no hot pot place ever is), but would definitely come back in winter!They have great quality ingredients for prices comparable to if I would have made it at home.  But I do wish the portion sizes were a bit bigger.  The sauce bar does make it worth it.  I like that this place was decorated nicely and very clean.  Tip:  The spicy broth is VERY spicy.  Not numbing spicy like a lot of Szechuan places, but just plain tongue burning spicy.  As a reference, their broth is MUCH spicier than E Mei's.I was definitely a hot pot newbie when I came here last Saturday...but now I feel ready to take on another shabu shabu experience head on! We came here with a bottle of wine and started ordering whatever sounded good to us off the menu. For first-timers, they offer an easy option of ordering a combo, which comes with basically everything under the sun. However, it makes the meal pretty expensive for what it is. So, I tried to order a la carte with some kimchi broth, tofu, enoki mushrooms, and calamari to see if that would be enough food for someone normally. It kind of wasn't.
Another misperception I had was that you actually drink the soup, but it turns out, you just use the broth to cook your food, and then use your own dipping sauce to impart flavor into your meal...fascinating!
The food was delicious, the space was pretty, and the service was friendly. Next time, I have a strategy for what I will order and it will be completely a la carte. I think that by trying most of the menu last time, I will be able to order properly next time for half the price!In a desperate search/craving for Shabu Shabu, I stumbled upon this place. I guess I should have known that since Simply Shabu is Taiwanese style, it would not satisfy my hunger for the Japanese style of shabu shabu I find back in California (who knew you could use the word "shabu" so many times in a short paragraph??).
Anyways, a hot pot of boiling soup is always a plus for this terribly cold weather. I chose for the Spicy broth because spicy is better than potentially bland. They didn't lie when they named it spicy! It definitely packed a punch!
I found the DIY sauce bar to be interesting! There were many flavor options available, which I liked! However, I would have been more than happy just to have my ponzu and goma sauces. Also, I think it would be way too easy to get too excited over the endless flavor combinations and end up creating something not so tasty.
Overall, the meal itself was decent but not great. I ended up choosing the meat combo with both beef and pork. I didn't think the quality of the meat was as good as I've had at other Shabu Shabu places. There is a wider range of veggies though, including taro, which was a nice surprise. Unfortunately, you don't the option of creating the udon soup with whatever broth, meat, and veggies you save for the end like the Japanese style restaurants! It is such a great way to finish off a meal.
So sadly, though the meal itself wasn't bad, I just wasn't satisfied with the end result since the style of hot pot did not match my craving!First let me start by saying, the service was amazing from the time we walked in the door to the time we walked out the door. The servers were extremely friendly and attentive. One even helped us get our drowning noodles out the hot pot
Now about the food ..  There was 3 of us, we sat at one of the tabletops. We ordered the meat combo with pork and lamb, the seafood combo it came with clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp, a few small pieces of salmon and cod fish, and fish balls. We also ordered a plate of pork belly, snow crab legs, and the pork dumplings. The broth we chose was the spicy and the regular one. All of the food was very fresh and tasty.  Just wish I knew exactly what sauces to mix together to get the right flavor dipping sauce. Guess I just have to keep going back until I get it right  :)I came here on a Thursday night to celebrate my birthday with my girlfriend. We're both college students. Upon entrance, we noticed almost everyone here, including the workers, were our age. We made a reservation for 7:30 but it took us a while to get seated. 
Our waitress was the nicest person ever. The service here is incredible, and because it's hotpot, the food comes in a very timely manner. We ordered way too much food: dumplings, house broth, kimchi broth, vegetable platter and the surf n turf platter (with beef). Everything was really good, and the restaurant even has a sauce bar where you can create your own dipping sauces. Everything ended up being $36, very reasonable for the amount of food we got.
Overall, it's probably one of the best restaurants I've been to thus far in Philadelphia.This place is nice and cozy. Suitable for small get togethers especially on cold winter nights. Between two people it would be smart to order two different sets and share amongs yourselves. It might seem like little food at first but it definitely grows as you spend time dipping, eating, talking and more eating haha! Again the space is small so make sure you make a reservation and dont bring a big gang :PThis review brought to you by my food baby shabumoniqua.
Came with my friends on a monday night and sat at the bar. Ordered the surf and turf platter with rice. Once the food came, I was slightly disappointed by the meat portion cos they only give you 4 pieces but don't let that fool you! The pieces are actually quite big which is hidden by the way it's rolled. Be prepared to eat a very filling meal! I also loved the selection of seafood that it came with. Everything tasted super fresh. Wish they cleaned the shell of the shrimp though.  I was pleasantly surprised by the vegetables that the meal came with. So many different veggies including kabocha, which is japanese pumpkin, which I absolutely loved! I loved the sauce station. Makes it very easy to customize your sauce instead of asking for extra everything which is what my friends and I are used to back in boston.
The service was a little slow considering it wasn't busy, but the staff was friendly. The bathrooms are well taken care of. They could use some decorations though to pump up the ambience. Overall a very great dining experience that left me absolutely stuffed! Will definitely come back on my next trip to philly.This place has shabu shabu as well as hot pot. The difference is that hot pot is in one pot where everyone throws everything in together, and with shabu shabu, each person gets their individual pots. 
It was very good, fresh veggies and meat! Kept me warm on a very cold night. The place is family owned and operated, which is always a plus for me! :)Love that we have shabu shabu here now , but the the broth was seriously lacking flavor. Also, I tasted no difference between the original broth and spicy broth, even though you pay more for the spicy one.First time ever trying hot pot, so much fun! We did end up having a little difficulty with the dipping sauce bar unfortunately creating a sauce that tasted exactly like raisin bread. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful, definitely going to return!This  place may have good food but the service is SO slow. They only have two waiters who does about one too many things. Our orders were taken and the pots came relatively quickly. BUT IT TOOK THEM 30 MIN to give us the food to be cooked in it........ by the time the food arrived there was no more soup. Dont come to this place hungry.My friend and I went to Simply Shabu this past weekend.  We are both foodies and love exploring different cuisines and cultures, therefore we were excited to give something new to us a try and heard about this place.  There was no one in the restaurant when we arrived a little after 6pm- maybe this should have been a sign?  We were seated immediately up front at the window and looked over our menus.  She decided on the vegetarian combo ($10) and I decided on the surf and turf combo ($18).  Our waitress asked what my choices were and I told her beef and crab.  
We did ask her a few questions because we had never been there before and her response to every question was "I don't know" and she would laugh.  It's fine to not know or be new or whatever the case was, but at least try or go find out the answer and let a customer know!  Our food came shortly thereafter and everything looked fresh and delicious. We were still slightly unsure how it all worked so we just started cooking the items.  After we were almost finished and somewhat fumbling at our table, the waitress came over to tell us that there are sauces and what we could do and which dishes were to be used for what.  This information was a bit late at that point and we had already made do on our own but it wasn't very good.
After adding sauces to what was left, it definitely tasted better.  As she cleared some of our plates, she asked how it was and I just politely told her it was ok but we really didn't know how everything was supposed to work.  She laughed and said "Oh I should have explained it to you".  Clearly we had never been there before!
Then our bill came.  It was over $74!!!  We were completely blown away and had no idea how that could be.  I was charged for beef THREE times!!  Every single food item was rung up a la carte- the broths, mushrooms, cabbage, crab, noodles, etc.  We were also charged for the vegetarian combo.  We spoke to our waitress who looked at the bill and laughed and said "oh yea" after we told her what our understanding was that we ordered.  We specifically pointed out the 3 charges for beef too and she laughed again.  She did adjust our bill which came down to a little over $38- still more than it should have been.  My friend and I were so blown away at the terrible experience all around that we just wanted to get out of there.
If you go, be careful when you get the bill.  I really wanted to like this place and the experience!  However I can't honestly recommend this place at all.
*One idea- Small display sign on table about how hot pot is traditionally experienced/cooked to serve as a starting point for those who are new to the experience.Five stars for gorgeous/fresh/affordable food, BYOB, great service.My boyfriend and I dined at Simply Shabu last night for the first time. Together we ordered the meat combo and surf and turf shabu. 
Let's start with the positives:
+ the sets come with noodles, meat, vegetables, and egg, so you really feel like you are eating a balanced and complete meal
+ the meat was flavorful and well marbled, especially compared to other shabu shabu or hot pot places in the area 
+ you get a nice selection of vegetables, including squash, spinach, and oyster mushrooms 
+ the house broth has no preservatives in it. This is huge for me, as my body - the additive meter - usually experiences an allergic reaction after consuming hot pot 
+ for dinner, Simply Shabu is slightly cheaper than the hot pot restaurant that just opened nearby 
And now the negatives:
- even though you pay more to have two kinds of meat in the meat combo, you don't actually get much extra. My boyfriend is lucky that I eat like a bird
- the surf portion of my shabu set did not seem fresh. For example, the scallop was not sweet and had a slightly sour taste
- the sauce bar had no sugar. This disappointed me as I'm accustomed to making a potent garlicky and spicy soy sauce based sauce with a heaping spoonful of sugar 
- I was very excited to order a side of lotus root using my Yelp checkin offer; however, the lotus root was so thickly sliced that even after an hour of cooking it was still inedible
- the house broth was yearning for salt 
As you can see from my review, I had a very mixed experience and am not sure that I would recommend Simply Shabu to you. I suppose if you have a craving give it a try. Ultimately, I think food like this is best made in an electric wok in your home with a rich and fragrant herbal bone broth. Maybe that's just me though!This place is simply amazing; from the healthy, tasty food to the gracious staff.  I LOVE that it's BYOB, too. The background music is off the chain. Considering the limited time that it has been opened, I've been there entirely too much. As I'm typing this review, the craving has started. Guess where I'll be tonight?!The spicy broth was not all that spicy, but very flavorful. The tofu vege's meat & fish were about as fresh and well presented as I can imagine...and delicious as well.  Clearly impressive.Love the food and experience. Good quality ingredients and nice staff. Will definitely go back.Came here for a very early brunch on a saturday, (11 am) and it was amazing and so fun! It's definitely asian approved since I saw two big asian families looking as if they were regulars.
For appetizers, we ordered veggie dumplings, and they were yummy! Best vegetarian dumplings i have ever had. Vegetarian approval stamped!
 the best part is you get to make your own sauce and we had too much fun doing it . We made: 1 chili peppers, garlic, sriarcha, chili oil. (very spicy, beware) 2. Sesame paste, garlic, and scallions. (delicious)
My tablemate got the house broth with chicken and udon, and I got the Vegetarian broth with veggies and udon. Our waitress was very nice, patiently explaining how the DIY deal works. With my broth, I got raw veggies like: spinach, oyester mushroom, carrots, squash, taro, corn, lettuce, tofu, broccoli, tomato. 
Ultimately the food was great. and the portions huge! the waitress even refilled our broth. 
My one con was i wish we had sat in the bar area where you have an individual burner. the soups are in a bowl divided in half, which looks very cool, but I am wary of the splashing aspect since i am a vegetarian and my tablemate got chicken. 
Looking forward to eating my leftovers!Shabu Shabu, the dining experience that required diners to dip raw food into broth until cooked to the desired temperature, is popular in other major cities but has not yet made it big in Philly. There are a handful of Chinatown restaurants who offer hot pot and shabu shabu on the menu, but month-old Simply Shabu, is the first to offer only this high heat meal.
To get the most out of your shabu experience, you will probably want to go with a group and order a la carte. The pre set menus come with a bunch of vegetables you might not really want. Instead, we picked the rib eye beef, which was rolled up slices of marbled meat that cooked almost as soon as they hit the broth, so don't blink. We also shared the shrimp, which take a little longer to cook. To make a more balanced meal, we also added tofu, bok choy, and mushrooms. Every ingredient looked fresh and was showcased elegantly on long white plates.
If you are seated at a table, your party will share one big bowl of broth. If you are seated at the bar, each person gets their own little broth with settings located under the counter to control the heat.
The house broth does not have much of a flavor. It will be up to you to create your own concoction to either add to the broth or to dip the pieces of boiled food in to. Sesame and chili oil, scallions, bbq sauce, and garlic are all available for you to create your dream sauce.
If you are into a more interactive dining experience, check out Simply Shabu. It would certainly give you a lot to talk about on a first date. But, if you are less of a do it yourself-er or if you prefer to leave the flavor development to the experts, you are better off getting a meal elsewhere.Not worth the price - we would recommend traveling a little bit farther to the Internation Smokeless BBQ on Washington Ave. to get the best bang for your buck.
Food: The food was good: nice and clean. But it really couldn't get any easier than putting raw food on a plate. But the portions were so small. We got the surf and turf = 2 shrimps + 1 scallop + 1 clam + 4 pieces of beef. That is not a hot pot meal. We ordered the House Broth, which was basically just water. It was less impressive than opening a can of chicken broth. 
Price: overpriced! extra $1 for different broths? save your dollar (you'll need it) and put some of the sauce into the broth. $3 for watercress?? no thanks. I wonder if it can be a BYO and I can walk down the street, spend $3 and get a case of watercress instead. 
Service: awful. Don't be afraid to ask for stuff you ordered. They forgot our noodles, our extra order of meat and our friend's combo all together.I love this place!  It is a must try.  We went here with a group of 16 for a birthday.  It is so much fun and the servers are very helpful.  It is a cool experience getting to cook your own food.  They play great music, food is good and it is byob which keeps the cost down.  Highly recommended, especially for a large group.I really enjoyed the food.  The experience was awesome and so was the staff.  It was our first time there and they were very nice to us, and explained what we should cook first.  I will definitely return. 
The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because for the amount of food we had, the table was too small...lol All in all a great experience was had by all.The food selection was definitely very fresh from the two times i've been here. Service was ok, took them a bit longer to come over to take our order, but food came out in a decent amount of time. Wasn't wow'd by the broth flavor, it was kind of bland if you ask me. But definitely better than HIPPOT Shabu.  They also take reservations which is a plus in my book!'Bout dang time hot pot came to Philly.
This place gets major points for being the only restaurant in town that exclusively does hot pot. Ingredients are clearly fresh, the sauce bar is pretty nice, service is friendly, and the whole joint smells delicious. 
However, I kind of feel like this place is geared toward people who aren't that familiar with shabu. Typically, you eat for hours until you are uncomfortably full - but because of the prices, you can't really do that here. The non-vegetable selection isn't very extensive (let's get some beef tongue, pork belly, and Fuzhou fish balls on here!), and the vegetable bowl comes with a ton of things I don't really want in my hot pot (e.g., squash, tomatoes, corn on the cob?). I would recommend going a la carte, so you make sure you're getting only things you actually want (go for the beef and fish tofu). 
The venue is pretty small, which can get drafty on cold days, and you're best off making a reservation. I don't think they have tables for groups larger than 6, but they text you to confirm, which is pretty cool. I think this place will do well because of the novelty of hot pot in Philly, but next time I will probably just do it at home. 
I'd like it a lot more if it were all you can eat.What a satisfying meal in this cold winter night!
A big group of 12 ordered varieties of meat, seafood and veggie.  The portion is way more than enough for everyone; the beef is top notch, not to mention the seafood is plentiful and as fresh as it can be!
The venue is neat and clean, the service is attentive. It's a very pleasant experience.this places gets really busy at dinner time, so you need to be patient with the waitresses... but their stuff is pretty freshDecor/Ambience: 4.5
The outside of the restaurant is tucked away but once you're through the two doors, it is a very welcoming environment. The colors work very well and it feels very cozy. The bar area was great and very spacious. Everything was extremely clean. I only docked off a few points for the music (I would prefer something closer to the Billboard top 100 but I can respect the owner's decision).
Service: 5
The service was fantastic. My server was prompt, helpful, and always kept my water and tea full (important for the spicy broth). She was also very careful with managing my allergies and helped me select the best parts of the menu for me. I am a very picky eater and I was very pleased with how quickly the food came out and how it accommodated my preferences.
FOOD: 5
This is what shabu shabu is about. I've come here multiple times to try different things and none of them have let me down. My favorites are the meat combo (beef/lamb) and seafood, which are also plated beautifully. It also comes with choice of rice/udon and a sampler bowl of crisp veggies. Drop the fresh veggies in the broth and head over to the sauce bar. They have so many different condiments to add including Sriracha. TIP: Food is less messy if you use the metallic spoon to fish out your floating veggies/meat. There's so much food and it's really great to have it on a cold winter day (also BYO).
BATHROOM: 5
If toilets were grocery stores, this would be Costco. No the bathroom doesn't have some fancy sink made of rocks on the bottom, but everything is clean and doesn't smell.  It could easily accommodate somebody who is 300 pounds and not break. Just a super solid bathroom which has been pretty rare in Philly.
MISC:
I had a chance to chat with the owner when it first opened and he was very receptive to some of the things I mentioned. The menu has grown a bit larger every time I come back so it's good to see that he takes customer feedback. 
Overall: 5/5Best hot pot restaurant in Chinatown. If you're the DIY kind of person, this place is for you. Cooking your own food and creating your own dipping sauce just sounds like a fun experience waiting to happen! The interior of the restaurant was nice and modern with table seating for a more intimate sharing and bar seats for individuals who rather have their own small pot. I ordered the surf and turf with spicy broth. Came with a variety of seafood (shrimp, salmon, cod, scallops, fish ball and clams) and my choice of meat which was beef. It also came with a bowl of veggies that offered a little bit of everything which was great! It gave me the opportunity to try new things I've never tried before. Then you have to choose your side of rice, udon or cellophane noodles. After you have placed your order, it's time to head over to the sauce bar! There were so many condiments that made me get a little bit creative! If you are a first timer like I was, they have suggestions on the board to help you get started which was really helpful! They had bbq sauce, soy sauce, scallions, garlic, fermented bean curd, bonito fish sauce, sesame sauce and so much more! After you have finished creating your own dipping sauce, it's time to cook which is what Shabu Shabu is all about. Everything was sent out looking beautiful with fresh ingredients and great quality. The spicy broth was spicy spicy spicy just the way I like it! Service was on point, she explained how the menu worked and gave me advice on what to order depending on my preferences. She came and checked on us from time to time and kept my water cup filled as well with my broth if needed. I also tried their fresh fruit smoothies, I ordered the tropical bliss which consists of orange, mango and pineapple. You can tell that it's fresh fruit unlike those who use powder. But wait! Don't forget about desserts! They have mochi ice cream and shaved ice! The prices were reasonable and cheap for a meal that filled me up! Definitely enjoyed my experience here, will come back for sure and try other choices that they offer!
Tips:
- It is BYO! Don't have alcohol but want? Don't you worry, Bar-Ly is down the street!
- Make a reservation if you prefer a table or if you're coming with a big group!
- Vegetarian-friendly and have gluten-free options.We made our way over to Chinatown on Saturday midday and went over to Simply Shabu to give this a try.  I was a little skeptical because I don't like places like The Melting Pot because you seem to pay an awfully lot of money to cook your own food.  I wanted to try Shabu because people said it was fun and cheap.  So off we went.  The space is really nice and they have a huge chef's counter, at the counter everyone has their own burner and pot and at the tables, there is 1 burger per table.  Once you order the server brings out a pot of broth and then brings out the plates of food for you to cook.  I have seen previous reviewers that say to get the regular broth and then just spice it up later at the sauce bar, I have to agree with them.  The pot at the table was nicely split into 2 parts so that if you want your side spicy but your date does not then that will work out well.  We went with the scallops, shrimp, dungeness crab cluster, fish balls, the corn, and bok choy.  We had a good time cooking everything and take everything apart.  We made our own sauces and I went ahead and came up with my own concoction that was very good, they have very good fish sauce at the bar.  Overall is was a really enjoyable experience and we got out of there for about $20 a piece with tip.  Next time we are around and in the mood we will definitely return.Inconspicuous Taiwanese-style hot pot bar in the Chinatown district.
A group of us came here on a cold winter night in search of some warm hot pot to fill our bellies. We were shown to seats at the bar and ordered the dumpling appetizer and meat combination hot pots. (The menu also features ala carte hot pot and a few other odds and ends.)
The dumplings were, in a word, incredible! They're served up hot with thin skin crisped nicely on the bottom, and stuffed with pure meat. On par with Din Tai Fung in Taiwan -- I would make a meal of these alone. While waiting for our broths to heat up, we visited the sauce bar. The sauces were good overall, but the Taiwanese BBQ sauce had a stronger seafood flavor without much salt and somewhat of a grainy texture. Not what most places serve, but it was much improved with a dash of soy sauce.
The food itself is typical hot pot fare. Each hot pot combination comes with your choice of meat, mushrooms, tofu, broccoli, tomato, corn, carrot, taro, butternut squash, spinach, fish ball, and an egg. I love starting off my hot pot with the slower-cooking foods, such as the taro and squash, then dipping in the meat to cook immediately before eating. Every bite is piping hot and delicious! Even better, by the end of the meal, the simple broth develops into a wonderfully complex, rich, and savory soup. Simply Shabu doesn't salt the broth too much which I appreciate.
For dessert, we ordered shaved ice with red bean, strawberries, and mango. The dish came topped liberally with fresh fruit and drizzled with sweet condensed milk. Mmm! On the downside, the ice was not shaved as finely as we would have liked and was already partially melted when it was served. I would have liked more sweetness (the dish is traditionally served with dark sugar syrup).
The staff is very friendly and repeatedly checks on you if you sit at the bar. 4/5, but the to-die-for dumplings, BYOB status, and severe lack of competition in the area makes this place an absolute must-visit!Simply Shabu is fantastic. Probably one of the best of it's kind I have ever tried. Lots of fun. Visited at 3:30 on a Sunday afternoon so not many people at that time. That being said the service was outstanding. Broth was replenished several times. Water was topped off when needed and used plates were removed. The ingredients were fresh and top quality. Ordered both the beef and pork and the seafood combo which had very large and fresh shrimp, scallops, cod, along with Crab claws and baby clams. Can not wait to go back. An excellent cure for winter blues.Ordered:
beef combo set (that comes with a plate of beef, veggies & cellophane noodles)
Food: 
-broth: great depth in flavor, and did not taste as if it was made from a powdered/packaged broth like Hippot Shabu; although it may "seem bland" as previously commented by other yelp reviewers, it is truly closer to traditional Chinese broth used for hot pot with a more savory bone flavor
-meat: was presented beautifully, but is served semi-frozen which was a bit disappointing; the meat was more fresh and tender at Hippot - BUT, Simply Shabu definitely portioned more meat
-veggies: great variety and will actually fill you up
Overall, it is a decent shabu place with a few exceptions:
-price (a little steep for shabu)
-reservation/seating system: sure, people call in early for seats and that makes sense; but when a family of four with little kids walks in seeing all empty seats at the table are forced to sit at the bar, that does not sit well with me - especially when all the seats were still empty when we left!
-shaved ice toppings: we were so excited to try this, but they ran out of strawberries & red bean, which are my favoriteMy only other experiences with hot pot/shabu shabu outside of the home is in Taiwan and Japan. Simply Shabu is considerably cheaper than any place I went to in Japan, but a few dollars more than in Taiwan. The combo is a pretty good deal if you like the standard veggies, though I would have preferred a pre-boiled egg than a raw egg I had to wait and boil myself. We ordered one combo with lamb, one 9 piece pork, extra enoki, a second broth, and the pickle appetizer and had more than enough to eat. Looks like a good place to go back to with a group!OMG...the best Shabu place in town!  
The food is fresh and delicious ... the place is clean and modern looking ... and the waiters/waitresses are all helpful and super nice. They actually smile, which is not my experience at other Shabu places. 
At another Shabu place, when I asked them to pack up what was left of my food, they just brought me a plastic canister (and I caused a mess trying to pour my soup).  At Simply Shabu, they always pack it up nicely in a carry bag.
I also love Simply Shabu's menu because it's easy for those that don't want to order item by item ... but still provides the choice if you want the latter.  
I've been to other Shabu places (only when this one is closed!) and this is the best.  I have daydreams about returning...Went to dinner with a friend and we split the meat combo and surf/turf combo - so delicious.  Love the sauce bar!   It is BYOB so don't forget like we didTook me a month to finally try this place. I ordered the surf and turf with a side of fish ball with roe.  Everything was very yummy but wished the house broth was a little more flavorful, it just tasted real bland to me. I'm glad there was a make your own sauce bar, I made one with soy sauce, chili peppers, scallion, cilantro and raw garlic. My second sauce was BBQ sauce, scallion chili oil and sesame oil. Both were great. I was stuffed to the core but I wanted to finish everything so I gave my udon noodles to my daughter to slurp up and my egg, scallop and clam to my mom. I look forward to returning to this place next time with byo beer!Awesome! Clean, Cheap, Delicious! Also they have a sauce bar where I got to make my own sauce, so that was pretty damn exciting!  I will be back!I was pretty excited to hear that Philly finally got a dedicated shabu shabu restaurant. However, I was disappointed with this place. The servers are friendly but a bit inattentive. 
We got the Beef Shabu Shabu that came with assorted veggies and udon noodles. And A La Carte we got clams, watercress, enoki mushrooms, fish balls, and fried tofu. 
My friend and I love spicy, so we asked for the spicy broth.. But the server made both sides spicy instead of half and half. The spicy broth was just really greasy. Everything we dropped into the hot pot came out really oily and bland. A server offered to dilute our spicy broth with the house broth, but by then we had already ate most of our food. 
The sauce bar was a nice touch but it could definitely be improved on. I can't remember everything that was available but there was definitely sesame oil, chili oil, minced garlic, cilantro, sriracha and a pasty bbq sauce. 
I'm giving 3-stars because this is the first time I've had hotpot in such a setting, and I haven't tried it elsewhere.This was my first time with shabu shabu and it was delicious, though quite messy! The windows were steamed up and the broth was roiling (after we turned up the temperature).
I ordered the vegetables and there were tons: definitely ask what vegetables come with as opposed to going straight for a la carte, because it will probably be less expensive. (I also tried the meat, which cooked quickly and was quite tasty.)
Will definitely return and bring friends. It'd be nice for Philadelphia to keep this shabu shabu spot. Word-of-mouth will be important since it's on a portion of Cherry Street that looks almost alley-like.Couldn't wait to try this place and was not disappointed.  Being first timers, the waitress suggested getting a couple of the "main shabu" which come out with an assortment of vegetables, an egg, noodles or rice, and whatever main dish you ordered.  We got the beef and the seafood.  Liking spicy food we went with the spicy broth, which was delicious and indeed spicy - but not too much.  The presentation was awesome.  I loved getting the eggs and cracking them into the broth.  The udon noodles were perfect.  The mushrooms and the cod really stood out as well.  Get some of the cilantro, peppers, bbq sauce, and garlic at the fixins' station and put that on the beef.
The service was fantastic - very nice and helpful.  Staff was also very attentive.  There is nothing worse than eating spicy food and having an empty water glass; thankfully that never happened.  The prices are also very reasonable, especially considering how much food you get.
Two suggestions: turn down the lights (it was really bright) and put a few more fishes on the menu (there was only cod).  I also was not impressed with the crab.  
I will definitely be going back and BYOBing.  After this first time, I probably would order a la carte, knowing what I like (egg, noodles, cod, mushrooms, etc.) and what I didn't (crab, squash).Would have loved to rate the food, but since we did not get to eat here, the 1 star is just for their customer service. We made a reservation for 6:30 the night before and the person on the phone repeated 3x the day and time. We arrived the next day a few minutes after 6:30 and was told there was no reservation on their computer.  No apologies were offered and no explanation was given. They just let us leave.The soft opening of Simply Shabu has finally brought do it yourself hot pot to Philadelphia ... and they're doing it right!
For the longest while, Philly chinatown has been missing the most basic of do-it-yourself chinese cuisine. In NYC Chinatown or flushing, they are in heavy abundance.  Here, I think some of the chinese restaurants may have had hot pot, or shabu, but it was something you had to order off menu. That being said, going somewhere that doesn't specialize it in it, usually means the ingredients were not bought or prepared with shabu in mind. And while there is really no way to mess up hot pot, besides over cooking, a lot of the taste experience is determined by what goes on the kitchen. If the ingredients are fresh and of high quality and the base is good, then you have the recipe for a great shabu experience.
So first, the lay out. There are probably a handful of table sfor the split or shared pots with varying amount of seats in the front (a few 2, 4, and 6 seaters).  So if you plan on bringing a party larger than 4, you may want to call ahead. Further back there is a more robust bar style seating of about 15 or so for individual pots. This is ideal for the individual diner or couples. 
The staff is very courteous and pretty well versed for a soft opening, there were a few hiccups here and there, but that's to be expected. While I consider myself a hot pot veteran, the fancy conductive touch stoves built into the table served to be a little confusing. It took a little bit of explaining and playing around to understand the controls before I found the perfect boiling temp (which needs to be adjusted based on amount of soup because it boils off as you eat)... and I found it was 248 if the pot wasn't loaded.
I went with the $15 combo which offered a choice of 2 proteins: pork, beef, and chicken. There was also seafood and a veggie option, but who wants just veggies? That's crazy. I went with pork and beef because first rule of chinese is that beef and pork are more expensive. Each order comes with an overflowing bowl of veggies (enoki, some other type of mushroom, squash, cabbage, lettuce, spinach, taro, tomato, and carrots), a fish ball, and an egg. You are also given the choice of bowl rice or udon. Go with Udon, it's nice and chewy... I don't think it's hand made, but it could be from somewhere?
The veggies come out fast, the meat a little slower, so I assume the veggies must be pre assembled cause there's a huge variety and the meat depends on the order. When it comes out, it's a decent amount of meat, it doesn't look like much, but it's a really good amount. If I would do this again, I may order just pure beef because while it's $17, i loved the beef. From my combo, the pork was good and fresh, but the grade A something or other beef (they actually write it on the menu) was the winner. It seems like it's def worth the extra $4 the table next to me paid for it. 
The house broth was a nice chicken base with random fixings and then I think for an extra $1 you can get the mah lah (spicy), but i avoid that cause i don't want burning shits/asshole later. If you like that slow burn coming in and out, all the power to you, but I can't cut it. There's also a vegetarian for the non meat eaters (they exist?).
Well that's really all there is to say, the quality of the ingredients seemed to be high and very fresh. I don't have the runs, which is more than I can say for a few china town experiences! You make your own sauces so if you mess that up, blame yourself. You can ask the staff for tips, but to each their own. It's really just a trial and error process. I did a scoop of the brown base, half/full spoon of soy sauce, spoon of scallions, spoon of cilantro, half spoon of garlic, and a dash of sesame oil. They also have white vinegar? and chili peppers.
It's def great for this cold weather and I can imagine they're still working out kinks till their grand opening, but give it a go if you're craving hot pot and get the beef.We went on a double date here last night. The place has good service and it was a plus that it was a byob. My fianc and I ordered the surf and turf combo  with udon, a side of fish balls and beef tripe with the kimchi broth. It's decently priced for what you get. I liked that each couple had their own pot to cook in. I would go back again.Shabu shabu is finally here! I was first introduced to hot pot in Boston where I fell in love with it and was disappointed to find there wasn't anything in Philly when I moved here 3 years ago. The restaurant is located on a tiny street in Chinatown and is BYOB!  My husband and I attended the soft opening in January and really enjoyed our meal. We also met one of the owners who was informative and delightful!  The decor is modern and minimalist which we really liked. We each ordered the spicy broth and the beef combo which was delicious! We didn't find the broth to be spicy but we can eat some serious spice. We also ordered the fish balls which we thought would be like the fish paste we once had in Boston, but we didn't care for it because it was a little too fishy for our taste. The sauce bar is solid with all the necessary ingredients, however being such spice fanatics we wished the chili peppers were of the fresh, unadulterated, unpickled variety instead. They just weren't spicy enough. I am impressed with this restaurant and really want to see them do well, so we will be back!  It would be great if they could get some fish paste on the menu and maybe add a spicy broth that has the flavor of tum yum soup. Yummy!