I have only had the chance to stop in, but I will definitely be back for drinks sometime soon! I came in for a late lunch, and decided to go with the happy hour French Onion Soup and the half salad with Arugula, Strawberries, Grapes and Pistachios. My waiter was friendly and attentive to me and the tables around me (I was alone so I was people watching a little). The food was perfectly seasoned and the portion of French Onion Soup was large for a happy hour special - I definitely recommend, and the salad was very fresh and had a healthy amount of pistachios which I really enjoyed. The soup and the salad was a little over $12, but I couldn't even finish the soup because the portion was so large, so it was well worth it. I can't wait to come back for some cocktails and shared plates - everything on the menu sounds delicious. I will be back soon!This is hands down one of the best restaurants that I've been to in Philadelphia. The food is absolutely amazing. The service is on point. The decor is classic and fun, and fresh.
The name is because it is 6 ft Underground. It is below American Mortals. 
I got lunch there for $10 including tip.  It was so good, that I was seconds away from picking up the platter and licking it.
 They have a great Happy Hour menu. 
They even serve breakfast there all day.
Delightful.  I'll be back at least once a week, and I intend on bringing people with me. We have to help this new business thriveHave been here a few times, as I live close by, and really enjoyed it! The staff is super friendly, the bar selection is awesome, and the Brussel sprouts were incredible. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!Great little spot to grab some dinner and relax a bit. The menu isn't large, but the food is tasty.
I had the Fish and Chips with wedged meaty potatoes, and a light salad. This plate was delicious. The fish was meaty, well breaded and had a nice aioli on it. The potatoes were well prepared and the salad hit home with a light balsamic dressing. All paired with a nice Imperial red ale.
Prices were a little higher than I expected, but we will return. Oh, and kudos to Jess who served us up from behind the bar. Thanks Gigi for the recommendation.I'm going to come out and say that our waiter made a mistake! We sat down at a nice table and ordered, but our waiter took over 20 minutes to bring our food to us. Granted it is restaurant week and out server seemed like he was new to serving. So once I saw our waiter he immediately look disheveled because he had forgot to initially bring out our drinks. He returns later with our drinks and explains there complimentary. Then not a moment after our food arrived. Although we had to wait for our food to come to get our drinks, they administered a 20% discount, gave us our drinks for free, AND gave us complimentary shots of top shelf liquor! Our waiter made a mistake and genuinely made an effort to make up for it. Our experience was hindered at first but at the end of the day, our waiter compensated us for our time that was wasted and that, my friends, is better than a good waiter. Being compensated for.Excellent Happy Hour!  Get the Happy Hour prices no matter where you sit!  Menu choices for everyone.  Yummy Crispy Brussel sprouts and Buffalo Fried Cauliflower (we are not vegetarians).  In addition to the 2 bars, plenty of table seating for groups.  Friendly, knowledgeable service.Cool place in the basement of a building. Beautiful brick work, arches, very warm and inviting. I had the buffalo cauliflower and it was amazing. Dinner menu looked good. Drinks were made right and the bartender was pleasant. Highly recommend you give it a shot.This was a great find one late afternoon during a work trip to Philly. This is an amazing space, with great food, and a superb staff! The LGBT sandwich is their version of the BLT, and was out of this world. I added a fried egg, which added a nice touch. Phil was working the bar and really made the visit top notch.We just moved to the Philadelphia area and we're doing the "tourist stuff" heading to Independence Hall when we decided to eat lunch.  We stumbled across this place by chance and found out they opened just three weeks ago.  We were so glad we did!  The decor and ambiance of this place are awesome.  With two bars and a nice size seating area, I can see this place being busy after work each day.  The food was great.  I would recommend the Jack's Burger as it has a combination of flavors that you normally don't get.  We also tried the tater tots and Bourbon Pancakes that we're equally as tasty.  I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.Took a date here by chance. The ambience was cool and slightly romantic. Our server Danielle was patient and helpful. I order a pull-pork sandwich was pretty good. It wasn't anything special, but what do you expect from a pulled pork sandwich. Bathroom was nice and clean. 
My choice of alcohol was a Bourbon styled cocktail. Can't remember the name of it, but had honey. Quite enjoyable. The prices where pretty cheap especially for the quality, quantity, and for the location of the restaurant. I'm not from Philly, but if in the area again and I want something better than a cheesesteak; I'll be back.The service, staff, and management of this restaurant was unacceptable. Staff was not responsive throughout repeated errors on the part of the restaurant, and ultimately was unable to serve our party dinner. After speaking with servers, bartenders, food runners, and the manager, we were ignored and did not receive the food. Unfortunate, because the atmosphere, food, and bar selections were all satisfactory. Hopefully a change in management and staff will allow this business to last.This place is excellent.  Having read previous reviews, we decided to stop in for dinner and had a wonderful experience.  The beer list was quite good, and the appetizer selection had so many great choices it was hard to choose.  We settled on the crispy Brussels sprouts in a garlic dressing which were delicious, and the carrot cheddar broccoli soup, piping hot and tasty.  I had a great grilled cheese, provolone and mozzarella, with homemade chips which did not disappoint.  My husband had the Reuben sandwich with a side salad that was a true salad, and not just some ingredients that were thrown together. All in all, this was really great. Even though we did not have the famous chocolate chip cookie served in a warm skillet, (because everything else was so delicious), we will DEFINITELY return.This trendy underground spot serves up a hit-or-miss new American menu. The service and menu need to work out some kinks.
We came for Saturday brunch right at 11:30 to beat the crowd and to slurp through their Seven Deadly Sins Bloody Mary concept. Service was just slow, like, real slow. It took 35 minutes to get something other than water on the table. 
The enormous challah French toast and the green tomatoes omelette were on point. Food was a little chilly though. Remember the slow service?
Now, as for those Bloody Mary's. Bland. Watered down. We had to find another restaurant to grab some.Stumbled onto this gastropub during a weeks vacation in Philadelphia. Menu is not extensive but what they have was wonderful. Roasted brussels sprouts (these are not those horrible boiled things of your youth) and a grilled cheese that would bring comfort to anyone. Once for late night dinner and once for happy hour. Love the decor and Michael took great car watching over us.Great drinks. I recommend the corpse reviver. Also the burger is definitely a great entree choice.The service was prompt and friendly. Cool light fixtures and you definitely feel like you're in the basement. Not as dim as you would think. The sit down area was less than a third filled and it still got pretty loud. So not ideal for conversation.
The food was good but nothing out of the ordinary. Bacon mac and cheese was okay, same for the tater tots. The wings were delicious, definitely sweeter than most barbecue glazed wings I've had. All of the dishes were pricey considering the portions. The draft beer list was diverse but limited. 
Will have to try the dinner to see if it makes up for the so-so bar food.Super cool venue.  Very speakeasy-like.  Looking forward to visiting again.  Specialty drinks as well as beer and full bar.  Really love the decor.We made a special trip to 6ft. Under after seeing it on FYI Philly.  Immediately upon entering, we got hit with a very strong bleach smell.  We were the last of our party of six to arrive and were taken directly to our table...which was a board meeting table for 12 in a private room.  The tv in the room was not on nor could you hear the music clearly from the main dining area.  None of us were very happy with the table.  When we asked to be seated with the rest of the dining population, our server seemed irritated and attempted to explain it away.  We waited for another table.  One of us had a bug in his drink and another had her salmon come out very undercooked. The server that replaced our initial  server was very helpful and friendly.  We liked him.  Beer selection was decent and the rest of the food we ordered was good.  After they work through some bumps and hiccups, I think this place could be pretty great. (Also posted on OpenTable)6' Under is a new spot between Jeweler's Row and Talula's. The laid-back dimly lit gastropub / cocktail bar is underground... like literally under American Mortals.
First, Rachael is awesome... honestly the only reason I initially ventured down those steps. That said, they rock a great little domestic craft beer list. It's perfectly constructed to represent pretty much any palette. 
Although I generally lean booze forward / bitter and/or medicinal... their cocktail list is very approachable and friendly. They also have a smaller, but well-thought whiskey/liquor list.
The decor is pretty dope... particularly the spades over the light fixtures and the rooted stump.
My favorite thing I've stuffed down my gullet so far... the brussels: they are among the best in the city. I also fancy the Salmon and Flat Iron Steak. The Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie is outrageous... and perfect to be shared. Oh, also, the Sausages platter is a great late-night muncher... I'm particularly fond of their Italian sausage. The French Onion is also very good. Country fried wings are also a good look. Basically there is a bunch of shit that you can't go wrong with.
OH YEAH... nearly forgot. 20% Industry discount! Dude... among the best of Philly.We stopped in here after going to the Walnut Street theater on a Saturday evening.  There is a flight of stairs which leads down to an area with a front and back bar and varied seating consisting mainly of booths.  We sat at the bar and had a few drinks.  Nice selection of appetizers.  My friend had the hummus plate.  Everyone was very friendly.  Nice place to go to have a few drinks before or after the theater.I have nothing but great things to say about 6' under. They have a great happy hour, DJ's on the weekend, a solid food menu, and multiple bars. They had a great draft selection, there was  something for everyone on draft but by chance you still can't decide, they have an expansive bottle and can selection. There is a great cocktail list if you're thinking more along those lines. I can't wait until the winter when they light the fireplace!!!! Careful, it can be hard to spot as it's directly under American Mortals salon.I had a group reservation here last week for 12 people and reserved their back table for the dinner. Couldn't have been better! Their service in helping me set-up the reservation was impressive - emails back and forth answering my questions quickly. While so many other restaurants make you do a set menu for a group, six feet didn't! We had full access to the menu. They were super accommodating in our time and arrangements, the service was fantastic and the food was delicious. Everyone in our group raved about the food, drinks, ambiance and service. Love the restaurant layout, decor and music - menu is awesome and we'll all be back!Since this place is only about a block from our home, I was really hoping it would be great. Sadly, it isn't. To start, often the smell from the hair salon above comes down the stairs. Not appetizing. Regarding the food, I can only speak to the nachos. They were possibly the worst I've ever had; some cold chips on a plate topped with cold cheese sauce topped with cold jalapeños and corn kernels. They should remove these from the menu or the chef needs to pay them some attention. This was such a bad introduction to the restaurant that, when offered, I declined to have the dish redone. I really think the nachos were prepared the way the kitchen intended. We also decided to not risk getting a main course, so didn't need a second round of drinks. A loss for them. The restaurant did not charge us for the nachos (another loss), and the service was fine, so they get a two rating instead of one. Though they may improve down the road, it's not likely I will ever know. There are too many other places nearby.Some mixed reviews for this place, but didn't stop me from trying it for brunch recently, especially since it's conveniently located a few blocks from my apartment. It's easy to miss, so look for a door heading downstairs, right before Knead bagels. It was completely empty when we got there and we had our pick of booth to sit at (more people came as time went on but it was Christmas Eve day). This gastropub is relaxed with a low-key vibe, but also trendy and well decorated.
Our server was funny and chatted with us without being too overbearing.  He clearly didn't have too much going on so was always around when we needed anything. We each started with a different bloody mary. They named their bloodies after the 7 deadly sins, which is a little silly but it goes with the theme so I thought it was cute. They all sounded so good, but I ultimately went with the Lust option which is vodka, wasabi, and bacon and was deliciously spicy. Our server also made us some delectable pickled skewers to go along with our drinks which made them even better. 
My friend asked if she could order something off the regular menu, since she wasn't feeling breakfast and almost every option on the brunch menu has an egg or bacon in it, but we were told the chef said no to that request. 
For apps, we tried the brussels sprouts and the baked brie, both of which were delicious. For my brunch entree, I got the omelette with fried green tomato, feta, and buttermilk. The omelette was HUGE, I could barely finish half of it. There was almost a little too much feta to my liking  but it was a really good omelette. The fried green tomatoes were awesome and something I've never had in an omelette before. The potatoes were pretty good, nothing special. 
I really enjoyed brunch here and would definitely come back for happy hour and also brunch again. Of note, I forgot to show my hospital ID but apparently they give a 10% discount for students, hospital employees, and restaurant industry employees. Good to know for next time.If it wasn't for the nice waitress I would have given 2 stars.  First, we ordered a bottle of champagne with orange juice. Well you would this we would get a small pitcher of orange juice, NOT! Instead the waitress brought out a tin mixer.. we also ordered the baked Brie, which took an hour.  The waitress said the Brie takes a while to cook. You would think they would tell you upfront that an appetizer would take an hour, right ? Wrong.  The manager adjusted our bill for the brie.  However, I would hate to dine there on a busy day.  Nevertheless, the Brussels sprouts were delightful and my chicken sandwich was good. This restaurant has so much potential if they would focus on service, and quality.The bartenders and runners were amazing - the wait and kitchen staff were terrible.   Our server took our order after we asked for him by a runner.  He only came one other time to our table.   All the food came out cold and the grilled cheese wasn't even melted.  We asked one of the runners if he could ask the kitchen staff to make it melted (you could literally see each slice of cheese and separate them ).  He gladly took it and brought it back- but there was no change.  
After we asked the hostess for our bill ( bc shocking- our server was no where to be found)  we paid our bill in full and let the hostess know the issues we had.  A woman who seemed to be the manager was standing there on her phone and said " I'm so sorry- come back a night we are fully staffed". WTF??  
That was our first time there and we'll never go again.  As three people that have worked in the food industry for years- we were appalled by the lack of service, food quality and management.   This place could be really amazing if they can get it together.This bar had a really nice beer selection and great ambiance. The servers were all very attentive and friendly. We only tried one thing on the menu (nachos) which were just ok but i would try other items on the menu before forming an opinion on the food.Great spot! Stumbled upon it during a weekend visit to Philly and it did not disappoint. The waitstaff was so nice and helpful. The decor is also neat. 
Definitely try the loaded tots! So yummy and only $5 during happy hour.Stumbled upon this place that has been open only 1 week and a day, as of today. Below street level, with brick walls and dim lighting, it has the feel of a cool underground jazz club. In fact, they had live jazz with a piano and bass here on a Thursday night. I'm writing this review at the table right before I leave. 
Priscilla was my server and recommended the Crispy Brussel sprouts with walnuts, pepper flakes (only a slight zing) and garlic dressing.  Not greasy like other fried Brussel sprouts I've had, with just enough flavor to make it very interesting. I was here by myself so just had room for one other appetizer - the Cheesesteak spring rolls. Very good and also not greasy even though they're deep fried. 
Atmosphere is relaxing and soothing. Priscilla was so friendly, with info on fun things to do in Philadelphia, as this is my first time in this city. I've lived in NY, LA, now in SF, and my sister lives in Boston, and I'm pretty picky where I eat. Six Feet Under serves good tasty American food with a twist in a cool, casual, relaxing environment. Would definitely return.A lot of potential but in the end just a big miss... The service was extremely poor. Drinks were watery and super sweet. Food was bad, really bad. The mushroom put pie was straight out of a can. The burgers came overcooked.
Definitely NOT a gastro pub...In Philly for the day, a rare treat, excited to try someplace new.  Found Six Feet Under on Yelp! (of course) and loved it!  Our server, Harry, was gracious and helpful.  We were a bit short on time and he made sure to get us on our way in good time, without feeling rushed. I had ordered baked Brie and it was taking longer than normal due to kitchen issues. Harry offered me a complimentary cheese tray in lieu of the Brie - which had been my second choice anyway - but he ended up bringing out both the Brie and the cheese plate! (The kitchen had resolved their issue more quickly than anticipated.) Everything was delicious and very good quality. The menu has many interesting, eclectic choices but there are basic staples for the less adventurous as well.  I recommend you give it a try!I won't give this place the benefit of the doubt since it has already been operating for 3+ months. It's clear that there is a managerial issue given the long wait times, disorganized service, and general lack of responsiveness. 
It took longer than anticipated to get seated and it took even longer for someone to come over to our table. The first appearance by the staff wasn't our waiter or hostess, but a runner who came to apologize about the unavailability of some pork nachos we obviously hadn't ordered. When a waiter finally came over after ten minutes, we were greeted not with a "hello" or " My name is ...... I'll be taking care of you tonight", but a thirty second staring contest. Finally, he asked if we had a waiter before saying he would serve us. 
This introduction set the tone for the rest of the night. We got little attention from the staff, and, looking around us, it was easy to tell that other tables were waiting for long periods of time with little interaction from their servers. Having spent a lot of nights eating out, I could just sense that there wasn't a strong coordinating presence in the kitchen or in the dining area. I noticed staff spending more time huddled near the back with each other than checking on the patrons. 
The food was mediocre at best. We ordered four items and only really ate the wings and tater tots, even though the wings were fatty and the tots tasted like the frozen Ore Ida variety drenched in cheez whiz. I guess we were hungry after waiting for so long. The cheese on the French Onion Soup was flavorless and plastic, and our burger was dry and covered with a meat that looked more like igneous rock than crispy bacon. The side fries tasted like old TGI Friday's rejects with that generic, overused, peppery seasoning. 
We registered our complaints with our waiter who apologized and said that some of the food didn't look so great coming out. If it didn't look up to par, then why the heck would you serve it to customers? The waiter spoke to his manager who GRACIOUSLY took the soup and 10% of the burger off of our tab. Yes that's 10%  off of the burger price because, apparently, the over-cooked bacon represented 10% of the burger.
After this whole ordeal, which took place at around 9:00 on a Friday night in a moderately packed gastropub, the recondite manager didn't even have the courtesy to come and apologize. My biggest regret of the evening was being too sheepish to demand the manager's attention and to walk out without paying our $50 tab. 
As an aside, one worker spent most of the night just standing by the door and looking out. What was he doing? This place is and enigma.Was looking forward to the meal as the menu seemed intriguing.  Enjoyed the brussel sprouts... other than that was disappointed.  Cauliflower wasn't crispy, and the grilled cheese was greasy.  Food took an hour to come out.I might hazard to suspect this place is more than 6 feet beneath ground level unless one is referring to the ceiling in which case it's less. 
Technicalities aside, this place is a real gem (unless there's a flood in which case you might be in trouble). 
I met my companion here for drinks on a Sunday afternoon. Not exactly prime drinking time for the general public but there were a few stragglers occupying some of the tables inside. There are both booths and a nice bar. 
Menu is good. Only one drink menu but two food menus were present on the table. I'm not sure if I'm reading into this but I like what they're trying to imply. Anyway, plenty of beers on tap accompanied by probably more beers in bottles/cans. Average sized cocktail menu with average pricing. 
I went with an oatmeal stout which had an aggressive flavor. A few fruity brews were present which were intriguing. 
If you're vegetarian, you're in fucking luck. Our breed is well represented on the impressively thorough appetizer menu. We were insufferably torn between the buffalo fried cauliflower, crispy Brussels sprouts, and pub fries. The avocado hummus was a no-brainer. 
Waiter ultimately suggested the buffalo fried cauliflower and I'm so glad he did. Absolutely spectacular. That sauce? Jesus Christ. No wonder people like wings. I could dive into a pool of that sauce. 
Avocado hummus. Or chickpea guac? Absolutely genius. Why have I not thought of combining these two staples?! So good and served with some zucchini and radish slices on top. Most importantly they throw a few grilled, oiled Italian bread wedges with it and this is replenished as required. Amazing. 
This was a great choice. I'm very curious to give the Brussels sprouts and pub fries a try.Found this cute Pub when traveling to Philadelphia for a doctor appointment at Pennsylvania University of Medicine. Right around the corner. We had a great waitress for lunch. And the food was fantastic. We liked it so much we returned the next week after another doctor appointment for lunch. Atmosphere is so cozy. We just loved everything about this place. I'll share photos of of food so you can see for yourselves. Definitely need to check this place out if you haven't.Such a great vibe! We had the spinach and artichoke balls, the mac and cheese and the buffalo cauliflower. Everything was EXCELLENT. Had Penns Revolution for a drink which was fresh and yummy.I never usually write reviews. But this place was so terrible, I had to write this one. I will never be coming back to this establishment for these four reasons.
1. Host service was terrible, we were told it would be a 10-15 minute wait tops. We sat at the bar for 40 minutes with no update until our table was ready.
2. Service was annoying. We were left unattended for the first 15 minutes, confused and hungry. We asked the runner that brought us a wrong order to bring us our server. And when we did get him, he had no idea if we were his table. 
3. FOOD. I wish I had taken photos of our table, because all the food was still there! The burger was underwhelming, weird patty, pickled jalapenos, and black shriveled bacon. We also got the french onion soup, wings, and tots. Overall the food was nasty, and overpriced. 
4. Last but not least, the management service was dreadful. We told our server how we did not like the burger w/ fries, and french onion soup (which we hadn't eaten). And the manager took off 10% of the burger off because the burnt bacon was apparently 10% of the order. Unfortunately, we drunkenly paid for our check, as we left still hungry by the end of the night.
SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME AND MONEY.
DO NOT GO TO SIX FEET UNDER.I really liked this place. This place was number one on my bookmarks and I finally got the chance to check it out. 
The set up of this place is really cool. Matches the name obviously. Waiters/waitresses were really nice! Food was amazing. I went with two other friends and we ordered everything that looked appealing to us on the menu. We ended up over ordering and didn't finish the food. But the appetizers were great. 
I would have given this place 5 stars if my grilled cheese didn't come out so soggy. It was really soggy...right when it got to my table. My friend had the salmon and she said that was delicious. But I can't get over the soggy grilled cheese...Worst service , never asked if we wanted refills or we're okay. Never updates us in food waited hour for 2 entrees When my burger came in 30 minutes. Food was fine but not worth the wait. Mind you it was the Friday lunch of Labor Day weekend. They should've been prepared . Don't come
Here unless you have 3 hours for lunch in a weekday.Everything fried was perfect. The loaded tater tots were cooked just right; nice and crispy on the outside with the consistency of latkes on the inside. Whatever sauce is on top accompanies those little guys really well. Their homemade potato chips with the fish and chips were also delicious. The artichoke app was also done right. 
I wasn't nuts about the cobbler dessert. It was uneven. Great crumble and whipped cream but the fruit weren't that flavorful. 
I would absolutely go again to taste more on the menu. It had a good selection. Lastly the setting and decor was well-done for a below-ground restaurant.The name made perfect sense after you open the front door, opening a door to a delightful, and possibly very loud happy hour experience.
This is a happy hour review only. 
Must try: meatball
Meh: brussel sprouts
Missed: wings
I was invited to an impromptu happy hour party at this surprisingly hidden establishment. On the outside, you may only see a barbershop through the windows, but as you open the door to 6FT, you soon realize the treasure trove of incredibly well priced drinks and appetizers await just a few steps below.
As for the prices, $6 mixed drinks, $4 drafts and $8 apps are hard to beat around the area. I strongly recommend some of the stout beers on tap and make friends with the incredibly sociable bartenders as they are in charge of your food orders as well. Of note, I tried the specialty cocktail of a gin infused drink but it was a bit too sweet for my taste, but he def didn't skip out on the liquor. While many of the reviewers rave about the brussel sprouts, I can't say that I was a super big fan. The sprouts were too soaked in olive oil and I think the honey drizzle was overwhelming. The meatball, while only served in a pair were large enough to feed a family of four with plenty of bread to spare. The hummus was also quite unique, although I was only able to pick out a small hunt of avocado. This is gonna sound super noobish, but having it appear green would have accentuate the flavors. 
Special shout out to the bartender, Gentry T who was very generous, friendly and made us feel like we were the only patrons here, even though he was swamped by a torrent of thirsty and hungry peeps.
Food: 3 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 5 stars for bartender
Price: 4 stars for happy hourHappy hour specials rock! 
Full portions on discount! 
I ordered the: 
- Arugula Salad 
- Buffalo Cauliflower 
Bartender (Ben) made me a beermosa with a pineapple-wheat beer. Dope! Thanks guys!This place has such potential but it really needs help. The service is great and the atmosphere could be if they would just get rid of the horrid TVs playing sports. If we wanted to watch "the big game" we'd go to a sports bar.
Our first time here, I ordered the fish & chips, which were decent, albeit there were too many very huge, thick fries. All of our meals looked liked they had been super sized.
For our second time here, just a few days ago, we started with the beef empanadas, which were boring and over-fried. We then ordered the hot braised beef sandwich, which we didn't even finish because it was terrible. The meat was really fatty and should have been trimmed. We also expected it to be shredded instead of in thick slabs. The cheese was too thick, which made everything slide off the roll with every bite, and there was far too much sauce on it. We ended with two desserts: the bread pudding which was more like French toast and enough for 6 people, and the smores, which were okay, but really hard everywhere but the edges (and enough for 4 people). We polished off what we could eat with near-room-temperature tiny pours of rose. The whole experience was incredibly disappointing.This was possibly the worst place I've gone to for drinks and dinner. Because this was such a bad experience, I'll just post the pros and cons and try and stay purely factual. 
Cons: 
-Lights flickering constantly with TVs losing service
-Came in with a reservation and they didn't have a table because they messed up and were very rude until they finally gave us a table. 
-They accepted a group of people who were absolutely trashing the place and bumping into a poor table filled with regulars. And they didn't even tell the group to move but instead started yelling louder to compensate for the ridiculous noise. 
-When we spoke to "management" about how this was ridiculous, the response was, "oh...ok". 
Pros:
The waiters were nice to us.
The food was cooked well. 
In the end, they lost a few regulars who had been good to them. If I were you, I would stay clear of this place. There are better places surrounding this place that you can go to that would not allow this to happen.Cool spot! Creative menu & decor! We had the "gravedigger", Chicken & Biscuit, & Croissant French Toast. All were great along w/ the various Bloody Mary's(7 Deadly Sins). Looking forward to going back for live jazz on either Thursday nights or Sunday brunch.6 feet under was just ok. The service is piss poor. The server took over 15 minutes to bring our beverages. 3 beers and a vodka cran. Appetizers came out and we were missing one, the server did not come by to check on us, I had to flag down a host to inquire about the missing app. Food was ok nothing really exciting or making you want to go back for "that meal". If your into craft beer it's a good place to go, but expect to wait a long time for a beer when the place is more then half empty.Went here for drinks on Sunday evening. It was just what we were looking for; cozy, comfortable, and good drinks. Ordered the hummus and tomato soup which were both good. Will be coming back again.I wanted to like this place but the food was not good. Ordered beef empanadas and cheesesteak spring rolls, I think both were in the fryer too long, hard crispy and very dark brown, not good. Wine list, eh. Service was just ok, lots of waiting. The atmosphere however was unique, liked the theme. Too many restaurants to try to return here again!Stopped in on a whim while walking around Philly, so glad that we did. We found out that two days later, they would be closing for a re-vamping. When they open back up, do yourself a favor and go here. The bar tender and wait staff are friendly and attentive. They were more than willing to offer suggestions on places to see/explore. The food was delicious and with the new menu, its bound to be even better!The ambience was gorgeous and we had a really nice waitress; however, my meal was just okay.  I ordered the grave digger (breakfast dish) that included scrambled eggs, sausage, pulled pork, bacon and potato's.  The scrambled eggs tasted like powdered eggs which threw off the entire plate.  My drinks (coke and oj) was flat and tasted off.  The meats and potatoes were good, but, with bad drinks and eggs my meal was off.  
My friends pub fries were really good, but, they said that their drinks (margaritas) were weak.  I would probably come back.Cute place. Speakeasy underground quaint vibes. Good for groups and sports games. The server mentioned a relationship with the the restaurant M, so the food is also incredible.it was an honor to have the opportunity to experience the soft opening of six feet under!
our table of six had a blast experiencing the variety of appetizers! some were:
- spinach and artichoke balls...  awesome reformation of the dip/ pizza? prob my favorite of all the apps we tried! the tomato that came with it was fantastic! we used it for calamaris too
- calamari was very tasty, i don't know how to describe the dipping sauce but it was spicy!
- cheesesteak spring rolls were amazing! And super meaty!
-Truffle Mac n cheese.. can this ever go wrong??
-we shared a steak which came with escarole and sweet potato mash~ i have never seen this combo for steak but it delivered quite a different experience, very earthy!
-brussel sprouts were on point! always needed at a bar!
-dessert: the warm cookie skillet was the most perfect way to finish the meal! made me feel so warm and fuzzy inside! this is going to be a great when the cold weather comes around!
for drinks, I had the "Jefferson's debt" which is a berry mixed with honey concoction.  Great for summer! Very refreshing and not too sweet~
the night was absolute chaos! but the staff tried their best to work through it and was very friendly toward all of us.  they knew the wait in the kitchen was getting ridiculous, but they were very accommodating and tried to bring out what they could to serve the guests.  overall, we had a great time!Stopped by for lunch yesterday for a bestie break.  Service was nice and then menu had a variety of things I want to try. I did try the buffalo cauliflower and I am in love.  So crunchy!  The salad I got had a dill dressing and I'm a sucker for dill anything.  I don't know if they do takeout but I could do that salad all the time.  The French onion soup was not my favorite.  It just seemed bland.  It was vaguely sweet and lacked salt.  Looked super yummy, so I was disappointed.  Overall it was a lovely lunch and I'll be back.Location and decor are on point - whimsical, spacious, and clean.  I struck out with my beer (blood orange gose was sour, should have definitely googled before ordering).  Husband liked his IPA; even better was the burger - huge, flavorful, and tasted like it was made in house! Unfortunately the tots were mushy (drowned in cheese) and the wings were just alright (not super crispy).  Best dish of the night was the Brussels sprouts.  All in all came out to about $70!  Glad to have tried it but probably won't come back.Went to 6ft Under on a Wednesday night for a quick dinner before seeing a movie at Ritz Five. My friend and I split the crispy brussels sprouts, buffalo cauliflower, fried green tomatoes, and kale salad. Everything was delicious. Highly recommend this spot for vegetarians, so many options on the menu. Server did a great job of getting us out in just over an hour. Great experience overallI really wanted to love this place.  Great location, setting and a very interesting menu.  That stated, the service was just ok.  For example, the server dripped wine every time he refilled our glasses from our bottle.  Besides the fact he's wasting my money and not even apologizing, he never bothered to clean it up.  In addition, the sandwiches we tried were just ok.  The Brussel sprouts app was great though!!!I thought the place had a nice downtown shek vibe. The Mac and cheese was good but it could have had more flavor. The nachos were awesome as well as the empanadas. The side sauce for the empanadas is what makes it so good. Overall I plan to go back and check out some more menu items. Thumbs up.The food and service were great. My burger came out raw and I had to send it back but they comped my meal and gave me a free dessert. The food was delicious and the service was so great!! 100% recommend it!!! Love it!Really good food and the cocktail I tried was excellent. If you're looking to get in and out fast this isn't the place - but the staff are super nice and the decor is fun, so we waited a little while for our food but we didn't mind one bit.I have never been more upset leaving a restaurant. I went to brunch with a friend on a Sunday and since the moment we stepped in I was just hoping for things to get better; they never did.
We had a reservation for 1:00 and did not get seated until 1:30. This is generally acceptable, but combined with everything else I thought I would mention it. The place was packed because there was a game on the TV by the bar, and there was live jazz music. Not only were people trying to talk over the screaming fans, but also live music. It was extremely loud, and I had to yell to talk to my friend who was seated just across the table. 
We found a place to sit at the bar while waiting to be seated, and as we were about to order their "signature" bloody Mary's, we were told they had run out! When we got seated our waitress was nice and got us water. When she came back for our order we told her we needed another minute. She never came back. Another waitress heard us complaining about not having ordered even though we had been at our table for half an hour, and she took our order. Ten minutes later our original waitress came back when we told her we had already ordered with someone else. 
I kid you not, our food took a whole hour to come to our table, and it was absolutely burnt. My friend ordered hash and got "extra crispy" BURNT fries, and my french toast was also extremely overdone. I could barely cut through it with a knife. We sat waiting for either of the waitresses so we could get the check and neither ever came. We spoke to the manager about our horrible experience and she only gave us 20% off of our meal. My two hours wasted at this institution was worth more than 20%. 
10/10 would NOT recommend.It was a bit of a clusterf*ck
First off, the two female bartenders, who worked brunch on Jan 14th, were amazing!!! They were really nice, prompt, funny (especially the redhead), and accommodating. 
The brunch bloody Mary's, named after the Seven Deadly Sins, were truly amazing and I am not a huge bloody Mary fan. 
Now, the struggle
Like I mentioned, we dropped by for brunch and the restaurant was somewhat empty, so we asked for a table for two. Our exchange with the hostess was kind of weird, she made it seem like she did not want to give us a table. I say it seemed weird, because she did not flat out say that the restaurant was booked. We would had preferred if she had just said that, because we had no problems sitting at the bar for brunch. I will say that within minutes the restaurant became quite packed. 
We both ordered the gravedigger brunch, which comes with three eggs, maple bacon, sausage, pulled pork, and potatoes. On paper, the gravedigger sounds like a nice hearty meal, but it was poorly executed. My BF's food came out about 5-7 minutes before mine and it was bone cold. Keep in mind, we had waited for the food for sometime at least 25 minutes. The wait was not that big of a deal for us (another couple at the bar had to cancel their orders), because we saw that the restaurant was packed. Finally, my food came out and it was cold too. Also, I ordered my eggs over easy and the yolks were already cracked, as if the preparer flipped the eggs too hard and did not want to make the eggs again (seriously, how long does it take to make three eggs over easy). Plus, two of the eggs were over hard.  Even though the food was cold, the toast, sausage, and potatoes were burnt. We ate the food, because we had waited so long that we did not want to invest any more time for the kitchen to bring out another other. Plus, the kitchen clearly burnt the components of two separate plates. 
To give the restaurant a benefit of the doubt, perhaps a few people called out sick and the kitchen was short-staffed. I did notice that folks who were sitting at tables were coming to the bar to order drinks, so the wait staff seemed to be having issues too. 
I'd probably recommend this place just for drinks and not food during a busy brunch. Well, the jazz music and the decor of the restaurant were nice.Awesome cozy spot in Washington Square West! Went with friends for happy hour (prices til 7:30pm) and got drinks and snacks. I have to talk about the buffalo cauliflower bites! AMAZING! Tastes like a nice tender piece of chicken but vegetarian! We also tried the Brussel sprouts - excellently crispy, wings - great flavor in the sauce and the fries were awesome too! $5 pino grigio and red zinfandel for wine specials. Good service as well and I loved the live music! I will definitely go back :)Had my bachelor party this weekend and brought all of my buddies from out of town to a bunch of spots around Philly and Six Feet Under was the best. Food, service, environment were all awesome and I highly recommend checking this place out! 
Thanks for everything!Gentry make a mean old fashioned. A little harder to find, but it's worth the adventure.This trendy little bar is truly "six feet under" as you have to walk downstairs from the sidewalk to get in the door. It is decked out in a spooky little theme, from the lighted shovels on the wall to the eerie music that is played. It all ties nicely together without being cheesy. 
We were only two of a few people here - mainly because we were drinking in the early afternoon; don't judge - but the allure of this place is undeniable. The bartender was friendly and helpful as we asked for tips on where to go for dinner that evening. She knew her way around a bottle of bourbon as our manhattan and old fashioned were dressed up just right. We ordered the hummus platter to snack on and were pleasantly delighted that the "bar food" was fresh and tasty. 
All in all, a great experience that I would return to have again and again. Six feet under gets two thumbs up!!Stopped in here for a few bar snacks last night and was really impressed!  The ambience was cool.  It had a funky steampunk vibe going on with a lot of repurposed metals and woods (I love upcycling) all hung on exposed brick.  Happy hour specials were great.  My husband took advantage of $3 beers while I ate my way through avocado hummus and buffalo fried cauliflower (totally would have paid full price).  I DID pay full price for the mussels- the best!  Lots of fresh ginger, loved that!  Service was relaxed and friendly.  This place is on our list now.  I want to check out the live jazz, our server said it was a lot of fun on Thursdays and during brunch.Had a great time with friends.....The food was great as were the drinks.  My favorite dish of night were the sprouts.   Really tasty? It was busy but the servers were really nice and friendly and kept things moving along.Amazing!  Where to start.......
Devin our waitress.....friendly, prompt, great food recommendations.  If you go ask to have her as your server!  The food was great but we will go back for the service!
We decided to split some apps and a sandwich. The fried Brussel sprouts were amazing.  We also did the buffalo cauliflower.  On a side note the celery on the side was some of the best I've ever eaten....which is apparently a thing there.  If you don't believe me ask Devin she will fill you in!
We split a pulled pork sandwich.  It was good and we liked the slaw on top.
Definitely plan on heading back as the bacon wrapped figs, fried green tomatoes, and Rueben sandwich all need sampled.
The only negative - the fried green tomatoes are topped with feta cheese. I mean come on everyone knows you top fried green tomatoes with Pimento cheese!  I will try it next time but only under protest.......Very underwhelmed. The food is pretty average and so is the service. There are a lot of amazing restaurants in Philadelphia. This is not one of them.NOT RECOMMENDED!!
The most rude bartender I have ever seen.
Let me start by saying that I never put bad reviews, but this was one of its kind experience. It was also the shortest time I have been inside a bar - 2 minutes.
The bartender greeted us with asking for an ID instead of pointing us to a table. My friend showed her passport to him and he refused that it was hers and said that she's underage probably and made us leave. Just as a fact, my friend is 25. I have never heard a bartender say to his customers that just leave if you don't want to be here. We are all above 25, we might look young but he can't refuse us drinks because he didn't want to serve.
During all of this he was rude and seemed unwelcoming. 
I would NOT recommend this place if you have even a little bit of self respect.We went before going to the Walnut Street Theater and got seated right away. Service was fast and the food was great! I'm taking away one star only because the table next to us left after not getting their food for 2 hours! Also, 2 entrees came out for our party of 3 a full 10 minutes before the 3rd. 
The drinks were good, but small.
Definitely recommend the fish and chips, fish was cooked perfectly!Worst and rudest bartender, he was very unprofessional. I am 25 and he wouldn't accept my valid ID cause i look young, and when he finally realized its valid instead of accepting his mistake he  rudely suggested we don't have to drink there. Serious dick, this is my first bad review ever, but his behavior was so unprofessional that it had to be brought to light.DIY burger & salad was tasty, but check your bill. 
Menu says, "Choice of two [toppings], $1 per addition" but check charged $1 for the two I got.  Waitress said that's how they do it, manager said two are included, but that it wasn't the waitress' fault because the system charged automatically. (So she knew it was wrong in the system already??)
I pointed it out to them to be helpful since the menu seemed unclear, and only sharing here because their attitude was disinterested.What better way to be warm and cozy during this deep freeze than to go to the best new bar, situated literally Six Feet Under at 727 Walnut.  We ventured in here on a freezing Thursday night to hear great live jazz and to hang with a full bar crowd of happy customers. We eventually moved to a cozy nook space, (the kind you would see in a bar in Ireland called "snooks"), and it allowed us to sit down and converse in an intimate setting.  They have two bars and a big dining room and two private rooms to reserve, and all of them were totally full on this frigid night!  The food is fabulous- fair priced, prepared perfectly- and service was spot on.  We got the grilled Brussel sprouts, duck tacos, grilled romaine salad (that was chock a block full of delicious chunks of blue cheese and bacon, YUM!!), and superb spicy wings.
Washington Square needed a place like this to just hang that offered a fun setting that handles a reasonable number of customers.  Great lighting using shovels that were made into sconces, and pipes that have been retrofitted to be lamps for the walls really makes for a super warm and welcoming atmosphere.  The very creative interior design also has multiple spaces to be with larger groups. Bravo to this team for making our neighborhood even better...we will definitely be back again and again!Note to management - you probably need better signage. The only reason I know of this place is an article in Billy Penn from a few months ago, your proximity to work, and my familiarity with this stretch of Walnut. If I didn't know you were there, I would have never found you.   
I came here for the 1-2pm happy hour on Sunday trying to catch the ball game and didn't stay too much beyond the happy hour since we were trying to watch a few games at the same time. Although they do have multiple TV's they aren't all visible from the bar due to the layout.
I ordered a beer. They had Daisy Cutter on tap for happy hour. It's one of my favorites and I haven't seen it on tap in a LONG time. The service was good. Bartender was nice and very accommodating. 
The menu is american and looks pretty tasty. We ordered the happy hour wings and the buffalo cauliflower. The wings were pretty good size and texture but the sauce was kind of lackluster. In the words of the boyfriend, it was just "there".  I still enjoyed them but they needed a little something. The cauliflower was delicious. I will for sure be back for more of that.  
Also worth noting - there was no blue cheese. The ranch was more of a dip than a dressing. It really stuck to the food which I did enjoy.  But, BLUE CHEESE... please?
I will be back another time to try out more menu items and see how I feel. This place has real potential to make it into the rotation.Came here to watch the McGregor-Mayweather fight because it was a fairly new place and it was charging very little for the cover. Although overall this is their first time handling an event of this caliber and unknowing what their crowd would be like, I would say they held their own in making sure the experience was as painless as possible for their patrons.
I was blown away by the professionalism of their bartending staff, all very knowledgeable, friendly and accomodating. While swamped and constantly under pressure from the never-ending orders they managed to still keep their spirits up and a smile on their face. Huge plus there.
They also had a late night happy hour menu for bar apps. We went with the Loaded Tater Tots (a bit too indulgent for me, but if you are a heavy eater and not counting calories this is for you) and  Roasted Cauliflower (always a favorite for me). Both were very generously portioned.
We noticed that the place had a small dance room around the back corner with a DJ playing. If it weren't for the event going on, perhaps it would have been filled up, but I'll have to come back again and see how the scene is.
This is a very promising bar in an area that is still seeing major development. It's a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I can't wait to be here again.What an amazing find! 
We were at the Bok bar and wanted to go to a place with a full bar and I found six feet under. Very very new bar with a cool concept, 2 bar areas, plenty of seating, a dance floor and they have Jazz nights as well. 
The drinks we ordered were awesome! But the apps were so so so so so good! Got the beef empanadas and loaded tater tots. Simply superb! 
The person next to us ordered the skillet cookie with ice cream and it looked and smelled amazing. 
We will definitely be back here for more.Happened by here on a rainy Sunday night and enjoyed a delicious dinner. Ian, our waiter, was great. There was no hovering but he always showed up at the right time. Brussels sprouts were scrumptious and we LOVED the sweet potato mash that came with the NY strip steak. Neither of us are sweet potato fans and we practically licked the plate clean. And the chocolate chip cookie skillet with ice cream.... divine. They even offer a glass of milk. Bomb.com.Definitely the worst food and service I had in Philly the entire year by far. We stopped in for lunch at 1 PM on a Saturday and other than another two top and two patrons at the bar the restaurant was empty. The place itself is like dining online a crypt with big screen TVs which is great this time of year with Halloween and football. We started out with good Brussels sprouts. They were nicely grilled and had chopped walnuts. I would've added some bacon or something to jazz them up a bit but they were better than average. From this point on our meal took a turn for the worse. We split a grilled cheese that featured bread seeped in butter and cheeses that had melted and were already rock solid hard by the time it was delivered to us. In a word it was gross and was falling apart because of the tomato in the middle. We each ate a bite and stopped there. It was served with tasty sweet potato fries that were sadly barely warm. Our other entree was the fish tacos. It was three pieces of battered fish looking like fried cheese with some sour cream, guacamole and jalapeño pepper slices. It was pretty tasteless but at least it was warm. We managed to finish most of this. When our semi useless server (and I'm being nice) arrived at the end of the meal (we hadn't seen her since she delivered the Brussels sprouts) asked how we liked our meal I explained that the Brussels sprouts were good but the grilled cheese was pretty bad. How hard is it to cook a grilled cheese anyway? She took a look at the sandwich and commented that she had the sandwich before and said "it's not supposed to look this way" as she jotted something on her notepad. She never apologized though and didn't offer to take the sandwich off our bill. She also never offered us drink refills either and didn't check in on us during our meal despite having only one other table in the whole place being occupied. Maybe the cook was off that day and she was preparing the food? Anyway this place needs to be deep-sixed. Avoid at all costs or you may wind up six feet under. From a grilled cheese.This place was... just okay. Nothing to brag home about, not too terrible. I ordered the fish tacos which were fine. Their Brussel sprouts are delicious! Highly recommend ordering them if you go. They put velveeta on their nachos, but they were still good.