I ordered a BLT from here and it came with bacon crumbles on my sandwich. It was also made with shredded lettuce. So the sandwich was just falling out all over the place. I mean who makes a BLT with crumbled bacon? I would have never ordered that if they told me before. I returned the sandwich and didnt order any further food. Wont order from here. Ever again.Branched out passed manayunk and roxborough to East Falls for some pizza.  Got the family special of large pizza, buffalo chicken cheesesteak and wings with a 2 liter.
The pizza itself was better than average.  There was a good amount of cheese on the pie.  The sauce was tasty and well seasoned.  It seemed like it had a hint of anchovies in the sauce.  Either that or garlic.  The wings were excellent top notch.  Very hot even though it was take out which was hard to do.  With several flavors to choose from we got the naked honey BBQ.  Thy were meaty and massive.  I def would return for the wings.  A good sign upon walking in were the empty boxes of liscios rolls outside.  The roll of course was fresh and soft while the chicken was chopped breast meat with a spicy hot sauce and Gorgonzola.  Good sandwhich but not overfilling.Good deal if you get the large order for like 35 dollars. Definitely worth splitting among your friendsFound out about Slices a few weeks ago and it is now my go to late-night pizza spot. Cheap, quality slices. I think I got 4 for $9. Open till 3 am Friday and Saturday which is always a plus.EAT HERE ON TUESDAY: the special is phenomenal. Call and order a large plain for pickup. Starting at 6pm, you will be charged the same amount as the time you called. Call in at 6:30pm, you get a large plain pizza for $6.30. Hard to beat. Pizza is quite good.We travel 20 minutes from our home in East Germantown to get pizza and wing dings from Slices. Both my husband and I are not Philadelphia natives, and we find most Philly pizza appalling, but Slices gets the job done! They also make delicious buffalo chicken cheesesteaks! Yum Yum!Very tasty pizza, delivered quickly and hot on a rainy Saturday night.  Very generous with toppings!Pizza is pretty good, prices are reasonable, portions are decent, and they're open late on the weekends. Location is pretty convenient too - especially coming from one of the local bars. I think Frank's has better pizza, but they close much earlier.Nothing but late night food. The pizza literally has no sauce, but think doughy and I can barely get it down when Im hammered. Can barely eat when I drunk, def not coming here when Im sober. 4 stars... my assI really don't have too much to say about this place other than ALL their food is deliciously amazing. it's where I order from every time I order. Delivery is not that long of a wait either.My go-to spot for a buffalo chicken slice.  Always consistent, excellent meat and flavor on their pizzas too.  Their salads and wraps are a little bit on the expensive side, but also good.  Overall, highly recommended.  Definitely the best takeout spot in East Falls.This is the closest where I live, but I am not here that often. The Pizza is OK, not terrible but  even one of the 4 star reviews mention, there are better pizza joints in Philly.  So, if I don't feel like getting in my car to drive there and walking over, I'll come over here. Not to mention they are open way late, so if other pizza joints are closed, I'll come here. 
I met the owners, who are nice people and I never had a bad experience with the service and sometimes there are lunch specials for 2 slices and a soda.  But the biggest  problem is there are many pizza joints in Philly, its a competitive market and if there are better slices out there, I am going to go there.I ordered the Italian hoagie and old bay fries with cheese wiz sauce on the side.  The food was very good!  The staff was extremely pleasant when I called to place my order and the delivery man was also very nice.  I will definitely order from here again.Good pizza and great delivery.  Right on time.  I liked the eggplant parm pizza a lot.  The pepperoni was OK.  I'll definitely order from there again.So my wife and I have lived in this area for a little over a year now and Slices is the spot for quality food. They make most of the stuff from hand. It is not NYC pizza but is its own "Philly pizza" the best you will find in the area. The subs and clubs are awesome. The Apps are always done correct and condiments provided. The only thing that would make it better would be a dessert menu. Out of 12+ times ordering we only had 1-2 mistakes that were taken care of, and 1 order that was just bad.Awesome Pizza! Large pie,wings,and a 2 liter very reasonable , delivered to our hotel . Had the Neopolitan. Fast delivery even on NYEOrdered from here a few times at my old job. Didn't take any longer than a half to 45. Food is very good & definitely fresh and portion sizes are decent. 
Only complaint is that if you don't request it, they won't put seasoning or sauce on anything. Not even send packets over.Slices is by far the best pizza in East Falls. They never disappoint, they are always great quality and they are the nicest people. We've eaten here the past two nights and multiple times before that and they have legit made our day. You guys are awesome!Usually pretty good but just ordered 2 large plain for the Manic Monday special and specified well done. Delivery just showed up and both pies are undercooked. Not regular, undercooked. Wonder what would've happened if I didn't ask for well done...I've had a turkey sub (ok, i guess you philadelphians call it a hoagie...) and their salad with chicken, black beans, corn, etc (I don't remember what it's called). Both were so good and well-priced ($7 for a foot long sub). The guy who's been behind the counter the past two times i've been there has been nice and accommodating and the service is quick.Delicious! Another year of great service and a lot of satisfied customers who earned their slices by helping to pack Broad Street Run runners' bags.My girlfriend and I have ordered from Slices a few times over the past couple months.  Typically the food is good and arrives (delivery) within 40-60 minutes max.  This is fine.  Two weeks ago our experience was to this level, though the fries seemed to be bottom of the frier (literally) as we received mainly "bits" of fries, most of which were hard and only shells.  We also attribute this to being Friday night, as our other orders were during the week.  Today (Monday), I got home from work and my g/f and I were rather hungry.  Instead of running to the grocery store and cooking, we decided to order from Slices.  This was at 7:40pm.  It's now 9:20pm and we're both still hungry.  I had to call them and they could not tell me if our food has left, but said it would be "20 minutes" 'til we receive the food.  This is quite ridiculous as their estimate on delivery time was only 50 minutes when we placed the order.
The food arrived at 9:25pm.  It was not exactly as ordered, but tasted decent.  Still, this was far too long to wait.Friendly staff, delicious food, easy parking (free two hour in front). I think $9 for a salad is a bit pricey, but I'm cheap . The Oriental Express salad is really good, it's got candied walnuts and tangerine slices in it.Updating my previous review.  We learned a lot in the months we have lived in East Falls.  Slices is absolutely hands down the best pizza.  While we have ordered other things from there (club sandwich, fries, wings, cheesesteaks) we will stick with the pizza.  It is so good.  Such unique choices.  Reasonable prices.  Our go to for pizza.This is our favorite local pizza place to order from.
Love the margarita pizza, cheese fries and East Falls salad!
Love that you can order online.
Don't like the hoagie rolls. Don't like that they don't serve pasta with the eggplant.
The owner and staff are really nice!One of the BEST cheesesteak hoagies around. Their naked wings are also some of the best wings I've ever had. Also, their mega fries are very very tasty. Just don't order their cheese pizza or wraps. Pizza is blah (cheesesteak pizza is pretty good tho) and their wraps are nothing but the wrap and a couple of slices of deli meat. You get a free pizza with eight orders over $15 tho! They give you a magnet and when you collect 8, they'll give you a free pie!Visiting from Indianapolis, stopped in here for some pizza. Great little spot, friendly & great customer service. Would definitely recommendThis isn't artisanal pizza, but as a late night or quick option, it's fresh, flavorful and efficient. Good east coast style pizza.I ordered delivery from here. It arrived promptly, and the delivery guy was nice. I had wings and fries. The wings were great. The fries were just good. This will definitely be one of my go-to spots for delivery.Let me start by saying I'm in my home and I am able to check-in through yelp because I am close enough. So, I called this restaurant for delivery and the guy who answered the phone was so RUDE!  I said I was calling for delivery and he told me my address "must be wrong." And kept yelling that he couldn't hear me but was talking to the person next him more so than me. Then when he finally understood my address, he told me they don't deliver to the "ghetto side of Wissahickon ave."  Even though their competitor (Golden Crust) will deliver to me!  I am like 2 blocks from Wissahickon ave.  Too bad because I have a few roommates and run a small B&B where they would probably have an order from my house at least 3-5 times a week.  I mapped it out and I am exactly 2 miles away!Slices in Washington Twp. Is amazing don't know if they are affiliated, but if you are ever in Jersey, Slices is Amazing! Never disappoint!!Their customer service is terrible. I'm aware that it's just a pizza shop.    Just a pizza shop.One of my favorite place to grab a quick slice! Excellent buffalo/hot sauce that makes for great wings a sub or pizza! Great staff with a strong family vibe. A place that always makes you feel welcomed!Slices is the go-to place for my boyfriend and I when both of us are too tired from the day to cook. The food is great and its a good quality too. Its also not all junk for, there are some great salads (huge portions, sometimes just the side is enough) so if I feel like eating healthier I have options. The prices are extremely reasonable so I can get my rabbit food (as my boyfriend calls it) and he can get a great cheese steak or Stromboli. Also you can order online, which is a huge plus.The pizza is amazing! Pleasant staff, quick service only thing is pizza a little more expensive than regular pizza places. My new regular pizza spot!I like slices, but everyone likes a different pie. I would stop in and see for yourself.  Not my favorite pizza but it isn't anything to sneeze at.My primary reason for liking Slices is that it's literally 3 minutes from my apartment. I also like that they aren't very expensive. That being said, the pizza isn't amazing. It's good when I don't want to cook, and it's definitely the best one within walking distance. The cheese fries are outstanding, so usually I bring home pizza from center city when I come home from school and just pick up the fries at Slices. Their deals are good, and so far the staff seems friendly.Stopped in for a slice because it was on the way to where I was going. The guys working the register were young and nice, and got my order going pretty quickly. I chose just a cheese slice and it was average. The cheese tasted kind of cheap, but the crust was good and crisp. They had about 4 pizzas for slice selection. Not bad if you need something quick, but there are a lot of other choices!We come here EVERY Friday night for our pizza. 
Pizza is good and service is good. We have tried other local places but we like Slices the best! When we show up to pick up our pizza they always know who we are. One year they even gave us a free pizza for the holiday. How awesome is that?I've ordered from here three times. The first time was good I ordered a cheese steak. The second time was good as well I ordered a pizza. But the third time was absolutely amazing. They legit have the best stromblis I've ever had! The guys who work there are really friendly and when I ordered my pizza that second time the delivery was so fast I couldn't believe it! I plan on ordering from here on a consistent basis.Eat here once or twice a month normally pretty good. Excellent when you pick up your food or have the pizza delivered. But when I order a toasted club sandwich  and fries and have it delivered the fries are always cold and soggy.
 The delivery is hit or miss. Sometimes food is delivered in 20 minutes and other times it's delivered after over an hour. I do live fairly close and would pick up my food if there were parking, but since there isnt I am kind of stuck with delivery. Hopefully the slow delivery isn't because of where I live.
The staff is always awesome and friendly, the food is great, but would recommend not getting fries or anything hot and crunchy delivered. 
Totally recommend the family special.As far as the pizza, it is a solid B+...However, everything else is amazing. Rock solid Chick Parm sandwich, cheese fries are the best, good cheese steak (could use just a touch more meat). Stromboli is a little on the greasy side but great at 2am. 
Overall, the prices are good and the food is solid. Def better pizza in Philly but the sandwiches are great. They get fresh Liscio rolls (seeded soft rolls - amazing) and they are open way late on the weekends.Ordered a B.L.T deluxe with mayonnaise, it was $7.50 and came with no mayonnaise, or tomatoes. I haven't tried the pizza, but I do not recommend the sandwiches.Good service despite 10 minutes til closing time upon arrival. My friend and i were allowed and welcomed to stay when our order was intended to be a take out order and ultimately became a "sit in". 
We both ordered plain cheese which only came out to $5 something. 
im not usually a fan of thin(ner) crispy crust; but i was a fan of this one!
The cheese to sauce ratio was *nearly* spot on, yes im being dramatic but this deserves it because it was unexpected! A bit minimal on the cheese but it didnt matter because the freshness and awesome taste of the sauce made up for it. 
However i did miss the "pull" of the cheese but overall the pizza and this place was pretty great! 10/10 do recommend
I'll be back !Favorite pizza of all time- perfect ratio of sauce and cheese. Crust isn't too thick and not too thin. Not too greasy. Best wings I've ever had-so meaty! Only 2nd time I've had it but we will be frequent flyers  if you ever visit east falls make sure to get food from here. Can't wait to try more things!I wasn't expecting much from this place but I have to say that their cheesesteaks are actually really good, they're delivery is fast, and their prices are great.
It's our go to pizza/steak delivery placePlaced order for a pizza and got the wrong one. Staffs did not apologize for their mistake. They just asked me if I want to take it or not. Pizza was average. I called another time and they told me they are closing early and just hung up on me.I've ordered from here multiple times and the food is always good. Pizza, Cheesesteaks, and Wings are all good choices, especially the breaded wings.Husband and I are new to the area and tried Slices for the first time last nite.  We did pick up via GrubHub.  We ordered the Chicken Bacon Ranch pizza which was SOOO delicious.  We also ordered 8 naked buffalo wings.   They were ok.  I prefer wings more well-done, but they were decent.  I also ordered the Caprese salad with chicken.  I was disappointed in the salad.  I was expecting more for $10.  There were only 3 pieces of mozzarella.  It was just really basic.  Probably just not the best place to get salads...We would definitely order from here again for pizza and perhaps try the cheesesteaks or burgers too.  We loved the free 2L with a $25 purchase.  Now with that cost of soda that is very rare!This is my go to pizza spot, both for pick up and delivery. I like the wheat crust, and they even have a really solid salad! Overall  the pizza is good but not amazing, but it is consistent. Plus they deliver late on weekends. Service is always friendly. 
Side note: Usually my husband tries to dissuade me from ordering a salad ("Not a good value because you're better off making it yourself" bla bla). Even he loves the French Connection salad. Yeah, I capitalized it, because it deserves a bit of respect. Clean fresh spinach, generous toppings, consistent overall size and quality, reasonable price. Everything I want from a salad. Sometimes I just order the salad by itself... for pick up... from a pizza place... because I'm that hooked.Love this place! Delicious crust and hella fresh toppings! Yeah...I said hella, I'm from the bay, and this place is hella good!It's nice to know that with all of the large corporate chains encroaching on all of the neighborhoods in and around the city that there is still room for a quality neighborhood pizza and steak place. I enjoy stopping by this small eatery for a superior slice of pizza, and friendly service. Always served hot fresh and delicious. 
I highly recommend that you stop by and enjoy what all of the locals are enjoying.Bomb diggity...for real! We started ordering take out from Slices after moving to Philly recently and this place has never let us down. This pizza joint has everything you need: great customer service (their staff is always excited that you've called for delivery which is very hard to find in this area), fast service, and delicious and fresh food. Ignore the other delivery joints (seriously stop right now and put the menus down!) and get yourself some Slices Pizza. 
Faves: Cheeseteaks, pepperoni pizza with extra cheeseKinda pricy for just a large cheese pizza delivery ($18) but everyone really liked it so I guess it might be more cost efficient to just take out next time now that I know it's a crowd pleasing pie.I ordered delivery and the curly fries were not fries they were basically hard chips. Not even just a couple of them, but ALL of them. The wings I ordered were obviously not fresh either as you can tell from the picture, and also overly crunchy. The veggie Stromboli was the only obviously "freshly" made item I received. I understand that it's past 9PM but if you don't want to deliver quality food at that time then don't be open until 11. I'm pregnant which makes it all the more disappointing because my craving was not satisfied and instead my appetite was ruined. 
Very disappointing.I recently moved into east falls and have to say this is the best delivery pizza place i have found in the area. The pizza is quite good and ingredients are very fresh which makes a difference.i have had salads, cheeseseaks, burgers, appetizers and am yet to be disappointed. The staff is also friendly and accommodating. Not 5 stars because its not out of this world but then again the dining in this area in general leaves a lot to be desired.I rarely feel compelled to review and when I do, it's because the service and quality were above and beyond.  This wasn't the case with Slices.
I ordered through Grubhub.  The order was incorrect when it was delivered.  It was also delivered well outside of the expected window. 
Once I realized the order was wrong, the delivery driver was already gone.  I called back to the restaurant to let them know that one item was wrong and they forgot one item. They said they'd send someone out right away.  It was over 40 minutes later.
The pizza was very limp and soggy. We ate two pieces and threw out the rest.  The chicken fingers were fine.  The Old Bay fries we finally received 40 minutes later after ordering were soggy.
There are too many decent pizza places in the area to retry Slices.  I am glad that they included a magnet so I remember not to try them again.Stopped in Slices for a quick slice while in East Falls. The shop is small and a bit outdated. I ordered a plain and a sausage slice with a soda. It was a bit much at $8.00. The pizza itself was really good! The cheese was good but the slices weren't warm enough. The cheese wasn't fully melted either. The crust was a bit thicker than other slices but it was good. Overall a decent slice but not great. I would probably stop back in if in area. Solid 3 starsFresh tuna salad sub is my go to here. Fresh, fast food and nice staff. Carry out or deliver.Pizza is pretty good. Not the best but far from the worst. Customer service is "south Philly" style take it or leave but if you're from Philly you understand and accept that. We order about once a week so it must be pretty good though.Good pizza, not anything amazing or worth driving out of your way for. I didn't pick up, so not sure how customer service is. Prices aren't bad.So if you compare this to your average pizza joint in Philly, it's right on par, but that's not saying much. The pizza is obviously made with lower quality ingredients, especially the cheese. The rest of the menu taste frozen/reheated.  It is open late and has some cheap deals,  and the service is adequate. All in all, i would only go here if you had no other choices.Three Words: Buffalo. Chicken. Cheesesteak.
 I was blown away after my first bite. I would go as far as to say it has exceeded my expectations of what a Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak should taste like. I've had bad experience at other places before eating Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteaks where the cook left some cartilage of the chicken in and/or the chicken meat was too dry. But not at Slices.
 Place some diced up tender white chicken meat on a long roll, add in some American cheese,  douse buffalo sauce all over the chicken meat and you got yourself a Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak. Sounds simple right? Unfortunately, many other places cannot get this right. Thank you Slices for keeping it simple. It is definitely one of the best Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak I've ever had for its simplicity, quality of meat, and execution. 
 I cannot really give my insights on their other food but this is my go-to place whenever I feel the need for some buffalo chicken cheesesteaks.
Highly recommended.Everyone needs a favorite neighborhood pizza spot...and this is mine! 
Although there are a gazillion yummy things to order, my favorite item on the menu is a plain pie with extra cheese (mouth-watering!). And while I'll occasionally deviate by ordering a wrap or a sandwich--one thing that's served up no matter what I choose is their great service. 
They are always friendly & always fast. Love my neighborhood & love my neighborhood pizza place!This is my go to when I want to order takeout! I'm relatively new to the Philly area but I'm glad I found this. We tend to use their sandwiches deal (2 cheesesteaks, 2 fries, and a soda). Delivery has been prompt and food is good. Their website allows a lot of customization which is great! One critique I'd have is I think the website adds on an extra dollar or two to the amount the deal should be but other than that I really enjoy ordering from here. I like their buffalo chicken cheesesteak. We've ordered the mozzarella sticks but I don't think they're worth it for the price. Their french fries are good. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place and I will order again!their hours are awesome and so is their delivery times
the only thing i complain about is their cheap sauce but hey cheap pizzaThis is a great neighborhood pizza shop! I recently moved to the area and was pleasantly surprised with how good the food is here. Their pizza is now one of my favorites. I also really like their tuna hoagie and pizza fries. The workers are all very nice and friendly which makes the experience much more enjoyable! I highly recommend this restaurant.Okay so their pizza is good, buffalo chicken cheesesteak is worth the buzz, and I'd probably pass on their salads. For late night eats it's great.Just had to rave about this place! Always get the munchies at 2am and crave cheesesteak pizza and zingers. If anyone ever feels the same, this place will certainly do it for ya! Regardless, the real reason why I am writing this review is because of the excellent customer service I received tonight  from slices. Our delivery came promptly, however our diet coke was missing and we did not realize until after the driver had pulled away. We called slices to let them know, and they immediately told me they would send someone out to my place without a problem at all. They sounded more than happy to do so. Within 5 minutes, another driver was at the door with the 2 liter bottle, apologizing for the inconvenience. I was extremely pleased with the fast and efficient service we received and we will be back for not 1, not 2, but 3 SLICES! Woooot Woooooot!!Slices is a damn good place for a well lubricated two am pizza jones. 
Buuuuuut, when you're sober and it's seven pm, magically it just tastes like a crappy slice. Funny how it works like that.Solid pizza joint, really happy with their food and service so far.
My first visit I ordered their famous breaded wings and a turkey hoagie. The hoagie is huge, good roll and I was happy with the quality of meat, onions, tomatoes etc - definitely recommend for a solid sandwich option.
The breaded wings were good, but not the best I've had - I still have my favorite from Evans in West Philly. They were flavorful, but kind of soft/ soggy on the breading - not sure if it was an off day or not but that was my first visit.
The other day I ordered delivery and it was super quick - I got a caesar salad which was standard ( I mean how much can you spruce up a caesar salad) - the veggies were fresh and they were not shy on the parmasean cheese which I appreciated. The buffalo chicken cheesesteak was SO good  - I will definitely be looking forward to trying other hot sandwich/cheesesteak options.
Now I need to try their pizza which I have a positive feeling about based on their service and food so far! Plus they give you a magnet on each visit and 8 magnets = free pizza! I appreciate a good loyalty program
I'll update when I order next :)They're way faster with their delivery than any other place we've tried. Pizza isn't great but everything else is good and the price is right. Great salads, which was a pleasant surprise! This is our favorite place to order delivery from.Just moved to the area and I'm looking for a good pizza place, as I usually get pizza weekly. I decided to try Slices, as my first pizza experience here and have it delivered, since I am not familiar with the area. Delivery took over one hour, when they had said 40-50 minutes and the pizza was cold when it arrived. No apology from the driver for taking so long. I did not call to complain, since this was my first experience, I will assume it's normal for them and try elsewhere instead.  First impressions leave a lasting effect.  Luckily, it looks like there are many pizza places around to try.Delicious food. Fast delivery. Awesome staff. Always happy with Slices.The Upside Down Pie and Cheesesteak are amazing. Our order was not right and they happily fixed the situation quickly ! Fresh food and friendly people. Definitely my new shop!What more can I say about Slices?! Great prices, food hits the spot and lightening fast delivery. Slices pizza is my life saver. I can't cook right now and I had to resort to delivery - their delivery drivers (multiple) are some of the kindest, intelligent and most sympathetic people I've ever ran into in this business. Kudos to Slices. I had to write a review and I hope plenty of other people see this review and choose to give you a shot as well. At this difficult time, we need more stress free experiences like the ones I've had with Slices! Thank you so muchNo nonsense, cheap and delicious pizza. There are usually lots of different slice options, and the sandwiches and salads are also surprisingly good.LOVE their wings, and the bacon cheeseburger is a favorite of mine as well! Their prices are definitely affordable, and for the quality in taste, you're getting more than your money's worth, Their delivery is always on time, if not early, and the driver is always pleasant. There really isn't much else to say about Slices: they just get it right!Good pizza. Better than most I've had in Philly. They always have slices in the case that never look gross. Tastes fresh and isn't greasy. Cheap and quick.In town for the weekend and needed to feed about 15 people quickly. This place was the perfect solution. The staff was extra friendly, both on the phone and during pickup. Made the experience very enjoyable. While I did not personally eat any of the pizza myself, I was told it was very good. However, I can personally vouch for how accommodating the staff was. They gave me free drinks and even asked if I needed plates before I had the chance to ask for it myself. Great customer service!