The quality in terms of freshness was actually quite good, but the taste was kinda bland. Strange, huh?
One thing however that kinda pissed me off is that there was another guy in line next to me who asked for a cup of (tap) water with his meal. They told him they only had bottled water ($3.99 for a tiny bottle!). I kinda felt sorry for the guy because not everyone can afford those prices, and it was clear he was on his way home for Thanksgiving. It appeared they were lying as I could see two water spikets  on the soda machine behind the cashier, and they just wanted to try to extort money out of him. Either way, I didn't appreciate the way he was treated, and now I will always remember that incident whenever I think of Smashburger. One bad customer experience can really taint a business' reputation. Such a shame. Now that really left a "bad taste" in my mouth!Burger is just OK. Does not compare to a 5guys or a burger in Philly.  I will say for an airport burger not bad but this isn't just an airport restaurant.  Go to tony Luke's instead, at least you will taste some food from Philadelphia.Cold fries and an even colder attitude. Skip
It. Save yourself the calories and grumpiness.First impression, is that this burger looks as good in person as in the picture. Roll is nice and solid and it's a good thing as the burger is really juicy. Onion, lettuce, tomato is all impressive in appearance and taste. Wish the store would give free ice water, only sells bottles.Got the smash chicken blt 
Sandwich was tasty but way overpriced and took too long
I asked for Arnold Palmer- and ignored me and gave me some weird Iced tea
Guy who took my
Order was yawning in my face and disinterested 
Not worth the price
Stick with shake shackYikes. Rushed me through my order with no line behind me and charged me for a soda before I'd asked for a drink. The burger, when it came out, was absolutely dripping with ketchup and mustard--it was practically soupy. The bun itself was oozing grease out of the top. How do you even do that?? It was a single patty burger, drink, and fries for almost $15. The fries were cold and under fried and I didn't eat more than two. Basically, it gets two stars because I was hungry and it was food, but I deeply regret this experience.Terminal F used to be the worst - like the B terminal in Houston or all of terminal A in Newark. But Smashburger (and the other new food choices in the last 8-9 months or so) has changed that. Outside of an airport this place would be a solid 4. 
Yes, you have to wait a bit for your burger. But they'll get you your shake or soda right away. That helps with the 5-7 minute wait you can expect. Plan, people. 
At the risk of sounding like a slob, I wish the burger was more substantial. Like a burgerfi burger. But the bacon cheeseburger was very tasty - a little salty, but that made the chocolate shake I got all the more a perfect match. 
Smash fries are really awesome but really messy. The grease or oil on them will ruin your clothes. Be careful. But order them anyway.Not bad. This location just opened in terminal f which has had no food for a while now. If you don't have time to wait don't go here. Not that it took a long time but it wasn't very quick either. I will guess that the timing will get better the longer this is open.  (I have waited just as long at Wendy's over in the main airport so it wasn't that bad). Decent burger and fries by airport standard. As others said the rolls were pretty good.Too greasy. I literally picked up the burger and the bun was so soaked with grease that my fingers were wet. That's not how greasy a burger should be.Smash burger is my PHL terminal F favorite eatery, been here every time when visit the area. It's locate conveniently in the food court, very easy to spot on. 
I have tried the avocado burger which is pretty good, fresh patty and topping, only downside is the smaller bun compare to the fillings. The food keep coming off the shelf. Love the smash fries, it has been slowly contribute to my weight recently, but can't stop eating so yummy! 
I have not been here during rush hour, so couldn't comment on how the line goes cause you need to wait food to be cooked. But so far it has been pretty quick for me.Smashburger was okay. They did not honor the groupon coupon but we got a couple bucks off.  The burger was good but not filling at all. The fries were good but will not be coming back to this place.Staff openly complaining about more customers coming into the line. Ordered 2 breakfast sandwiches, only gave me one. After having to go back up the for the second sandwich, I sit down and it's wrong. Staff are clearly not focused or paying attention to their work. 3 people in the kitchen hanging around looking lost. Keep your expectations incredibly low and you shouldn't be disappointed.French fries are the worst I have ever eaten. Half of the fries were oil soaked while the other half were as hard as potato sticks. Not a good experience for my first visit. I do know it will be my last. Walk across the court to Tony Luke's.Normally smashburger is good, the burger was overcooked and crispy.  It took 15 minutes to get a cheesburger.Know smash burger very well being from Colorado. This place needs better employees who care. Burger was decent but made very sloppy,  no attention to detail. Cashier clearly looked  unhappy. QC is needed.Good burgers but very slow for an airport. Need to pick up the pace and get the food out quicker. Quality of the meat was good. Fries were very nicely done.Pleasantly surprised to find a decent veggie burger at the airport, at a reasonable price too! Add pickles and ketchup to the veggie burger to make it even better. The rosemary on the smashfries is a nice change from the ordinary. Also, try the sweet potato fries tossed in the rosemary smashfries seasoning. I'd eat here again if I pass through Philly airport.Been to several smash burgers and they're generally good. But this place there was something off.
The bread they use for the burger that I got looked similar but it had a hard texture. The burger patty they had felt a bit off too.Smashburger should be called trashburger. I would compare much closer to mcdonalds or burger king than red robin or 5 guys. 
Way overpriced for the quality. Not much flavor, small pieces of bacon on the bacon cheeseburger.
Fries are ok but I ordered the smash fries and the fact that I couldn't tell if they were smash fries or regular fries is not a good thing.
Bad experience. Not recommendedHad the chicken truffle smashburger
Tasty but very salty.... was surprised that no lettuce or tomato... just grilled chicken cheese mushroom n sauce... was good n flavorful... chicken was tender... just surprised not much extra added...I'm going to start Smashburger out on a 5-star first review! 
I just stumbled into the brand new Terminal F food court in PHL international and was pleasantly surprised by all the options! 
I had heard of Smashburger but never tried it before. The line here was longer than the other stores so I thought it'd be worth a try! 
I quickly ordered the Avocado Club Chicken and Sweet Potato Fries. Yum. I waited about five minutes - each meal is cooked to order - and it seemed to move quickly. 
My lunch here was pretty awesome. The bread was fresh and soft, chicken was juicy, and there was a lot of fresh avocado on top! The SP Fries also hit the spot but were a bit saltier than I would've preferred.  
Overall - this was a great first experience for me. Congratulations Smashburger. I'll return.Quick service, the burger was fresh and the garlic fries were delicious. Good for airport food.Despite the ridiculous name, I'd recommend Smashburger for a quick meal during a layover.  The harvest salad, with black bean burger on top (instead of chicken) wasn't filling, but it was flavorful with dressing.  The black bean burger was the highlight:  holds together well, feels substantive, and has a hint of cheese flavor.  Be warned that the "classic" green tea is sweet.Best airport food I have ever eaten and that is saying A LOT. Fresh avocado? Fresh lettuce... At an airport?  Fresh, not too greasy and quick.  Yum yum.  Try the avocado burger and rosemary fries!Wow.  If you love great milkshakes.  Stay away.  They only have vanilla ice cream   No chocolate. No strawberry. They make every flavor with vanilla and syrup. One cannot even get a chocolate and vanilla shake. It is syrup. Even the strawberry is syrup. Non traditional and not very good. Sorry. I suppose one has to go to an ice cream parlor to get a real milkshake. Certainly not here. Too bad.I visited Smashburger for the first time and went with the Avocado Chicken Sandwich. It was one of the best chicken sandwiches I've ever had. I was worried about the avocado (would it be brown? too soft?), but it was just right for me. 
I docked one star because I asked for no tomatoes and wound up with two slices. Not allergic, but I hate them. 
Would recommend to anyone who likes grilled chicken sandwiches.Service was not great, which is not unexpected for fast food. But the veggie burger was actually delicious. It was a really dense black bean burger with avocado on it. 
The smash fries were decent but too skinny. Should have gotten the sweet potato fries.Meh...ok burger. Heard of this place but wasn't sure of what to expect. And wasn't real impressed. Was alright, prob will get Chipotle next time.One of the things I don't like about early morning flights is eating breakfast at the airport.  Vendor after vendor have the same boring and bland hotel pan of powdered eggs that they throw on a Styrofoam plate.  The other morning, though, I was in the Terminal F food court and noticed someone eating a Smash burger breakfast sandwich.
On a soft egg bun I saw 2 beatifully fried real eggs - like out of a shell and made to order.  I only got mine with egg and cheese, but you can get yours with plenty of other options.  They even have a breakfast burger option for anyone who needs a burger that early in the day.
Service was fast and there is plenty of food court seating available.  Smash burger is a surprisingly good choice for breakfast at the airport.Incredibly slow service for an airport food court. It took over 15 min to get a burger, especially when there were only 1-2 orders before mine. The black bean burger came extra salty. And the smash fries were incredibly greasy. I'm probably not going to stop here again.Pretty good... it's the airport so expect high prices no matter where you go. $16.25 got me a bacon cheeseburger, fries and root beer. The smash fries are a nice change of pace with their garlic rosemary seasoning. The meat was well seasoned and cooked to order. The bun was soft but did not get too messy. If you are looking for a decent burger on a layover it meets the bill.Maybe I was just in the mood for a juicy burger with rosemary French fries, but this hit the spot!! Good thing BF was not here - he hates anything Rosemary. But I forgive his uncultivated taste. 
Not bad for airport food.Decent veggie burger. Decent sweet potato fries. I ate at this location 2 days in a row while on layovers and got the same exact thing. This is an ok option for airport food. The veggie burger was a black bean patty with Swiss cheese, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and some sauce (which I opted not to have). The sweet potato fries tasted like actually sweet potatoes and were lightly salted. Overall this was a good spot that I would definitely visit again.Ok so I understand its new to the A west terminal but they have problems.  Fist they say they have shakes and its part if the branding of Smashbuger but they will not make you one. When you say something to them they tell you it takes 20 min to make ! Really I have eaten at other Smashbugers before and never 20 min.. So basically they just don't want to make them. So I guess I don't want to give them my money.I walked from gate 6 and got a disappointment. The burger was pretty good but it wasn't worth walking so far. I was holding an ice cold coke that was making my hands cold. Ally Mora told me to write this too.This is a little piece of heaven in the f terminal. These are seriously good, greasy and fresh. This is a deal on airport food too!  Bacon cheeseburger is $6.99. Comes with ketchup onion lettuce, mustard, and pickles.  Mayo can be add on side (squeeze packet).  This is far from a one demonstional place they have rosemary, garlic, olive oil fries (shoe string)! They're 2.19 for a cup of them! 
Everything was cooked to order. Quick and awesome. Almost worth going to different terminal, even if you ride the shuttle.   But if it's threatening rain or snow, it could be you're last meal.There was nothing remarkable about my Classic Chicken Smash. In fact I'd suggest they wrap it in paper or foil so that the pressed chicken breast doesn't slip out from the bun, trying to get away from my carnivorous mouth.I got the bacon cheeseburger today.  GREEEEAAASSSY is one word to describe the burger.  A lot of ketchup and mustard is another way to describe the burger.  I am not sure if I would eat here again.  The grease running down my hand was a big problem for me.  I like juicy burgers.  I don't think I like greasy burgers.Tried out this burger chain at the Philly airport. Wish I hadn't. Burger was pretty atrocious, fries were soaking in oil. Felt sick after a couple of bites. Avoid.Very expensive, but I guess that's to be expected with airport dining... $15-16 for one burger and one order of fries. I didn't mind the price so much as the quality. The burger was really hard to eat as it was messily put together, the bacon was burnt on half and nearly raw on the other (not sure if this is a cooking issue or a problem with the grill) and falling apart. The fries were not fresh even though I waited for them to cook my burger (maybe they bagged them while the burger was cooking and that's why they were stale...). I wished I had gone to sit down at a restaurant. I likely would have paid the same for better quality and friendlier customer service. I was very polite and thanked the woman who handed me my bag and all she said was "yup". Poor communication skills with customers.. a smile wouldn't kill you and goes a long way if you don't put the effort in elsewhere.Proud to be the second reviewer.  My first choice in the food court wasn't opened yet so I'm here.  The burger pictures on the menu looked too good to be real so I was going to pass.  Glad I stayed.  The Smashburger was great.  Lots of cheese made it decadent.  The roll was also worthy of praise, moist and chewy, not dry.  I had the regular frys but wished I had ordered the smashfries.  The frys were strings and not anything special .  I'll be back to try the other items.They were busy but moving people along. I think their menu choices have gotten pretty limited.
Ordered the smash burger, smash fries and a soda.
The smashburger was just ok, not much taste and looked more like it had been run over by a plane then smashed. The taste was of lettuce and tomato as they over whelmed any burger. Hate the plastic carton burger comes in because between condensation and grease makes eating very messy.
The smash fries could have been hreat but just were not hot.
Even the Coke tasted almost flat.
That best describes how the visit left me feeling....flat.Worst "fast food" experience of my life. Food took forever (30 minutes) and wasn't even very good. Service was poor at best. Cashier touched a woman's buns with his bare hands after handling money. Very sad!Giving them a generous five stars because it's about the best burger in the airport. Very fresh roll, nicely salted beef patty and an abundance of fresh and ripe toppings made for a delicious burger. 
If you are checking Yelp while starring at the surrounding joints, do your fine self a favor and just get a damn burger. That mall pizza place will have the same food as always and the Tex Mex joint is a rip off. And, don't get me started on the steak sandwich place.Yummy breakfast burger and breakfast tots. Exceptional! Cooked to perfection with fresh ingredients. Tasty and toasted bun with the hamburger drippings finishing the juiciness.This was the worst burger experience of my life. Flavorless hockey puck. Served cold after 10 minute wait. With cold & awful tots. All for whopping $13 price. 
Get a clue or quit trying. Really, really bad.This Smashburger is in Philadelphia International Airport. I've flown in and out of PHL multiple times, but this was the first time I've seen this food court with Subway, Chick-fil-A, and Gachi. Anyway, I had time to grab lunch before my flight and I had a couple of deals on my Smashburger app, so I ordered my truffle mushroom burger, tater tots, and Diet Coke. My burger was light on mushrooms, but otherwise it was fine. 
#Protip: Airport locations do NOT honor Smashburger app promotions.Had to stop for a quick meal.  Burger and fries were good. Not sure why there's such a big deal about Smashburger.  I would eat here again but chains like FiveGuys is better IMHO. 
Bottled water was expensive even for an airport.Typical Smashburger food here... pretty good generally.  I just ordered an Oreo shake which was delicious.  However, the service here is appalling.  The two women at the counter were down-right rude.  Literally pushed my shake at me, no thank you - cold, mean, pissed-off attitudes all the way around.  Hugely unprofessional, and not really welcome in an airport.Really tasty airport burger, I would liken it to a fresher steak and shake. The burger was very greasy though so if that is a turn off stay away.Never eaten at this chain before, so decided to try it out while  waiting for my flight. Of course, keeping in mind everything at airports is expensive, I was pleasantly surprised to see the chain was cheaper than some of the other airport food. 
Looking at the menu, I assumed this was to be a "healthier" fast food option in comparison to mcds or Wendy's. When we got our food, it was a little oily. Not greasy- but oily. They seem to use a lot of garlic and olive oil. This made the food taste amazing (get the smash fries) and didn't leave me feeling gross afterwards. A little weird if you aren't used to olive oil- but still delicious! 
The employees were wonderful and chipper, making the experience that much better! We will be visiting smash burger again soon! 5 outta 5 for as far as fast food restaurants!Training day at the Smashburger in T-F PHI.  Simplest order seems to be beyond their comprehension. They take your order but give you what the want to give you. Explaining the issue to them doesn't help much. Sad thing is that food was reasonably edible. Feels like decent food blocked by the concierge of Tower of Babel at the registerI had a 3 hour layover in Terminal F, a car to shovel out when I got back to Buffalo, and only a small snack since breakfast wasn't readily available in Nashville, so I was glad for my experience at Smashburger.
They had the longest line of the food court options at around 11am, but it moved pretty quickly. I got the Bacon Cheeseburger, sweet potato fries, and a drink. The burger was well cooked. I did not find it greasy or salty (and I am pretty salt sensitive), and it was freshly off the grill. The egg bun was also fresh and held the burger together well. The other toppings generous and tasty. The sweet potato fries were ok. A few of the regular fries sneaked into the cup. They are thin cut and a little crispy. It was a tasty meal to pass the time and filled me up for the rest of the day. 
I was honestly expecting the price to be a lot worse than it was considering the captive audience of an airport terminal, but my whole meal was around $12.50. I would consider Smashburger again if I was in a location with one.The grilled chicken sandwich looked good/fresh but it was so salty, I felt ill for hours after eating it.Just happened upon Smashburger between terminal B and C at the Philadelphia International airport. I was going to stop at Chick fil' a but saw a guy chowing down on a burger. Decided to get a Bacon Avocado burger with a side of fries. The staff was friendly, the burger and fries were made to order, and all the ingredients were fresh. This was the BEST burger I've had from a fast food stand. Who would have thought you could find such a tasty meal at the airport?It's in the airport, so it's overpriced and not the same as a regular store. That said, it hit the spot.Too expensive. 10.00 for a double burger is insane  no combos offered. ThAts how they, elevation burger. 5 guys get you.... Buy each separately and payyyyyyy crazy money.  Soda and burger came to 13.00.  Do they think average person got it like that?  McDonalds is cheap with poor quality but.....  make your own.They were rude, did not give me water even I though I'm pretty sure that's illegal and gave the saddest chicken sandwich you've ever seen.
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!!I do not have too much to say about this restaurant mainly because there is only so much one can say about a fast food place. 
I ordered the Classic Crispy Chicken meal with a large fries and small Pepsi Wild Cherry. The chicken sandwich was basic at most. The fires were fresh, but there were only regular tasting fries. The drink was not properly carbonated; it was too watery.
On the other hand, the lady cashier was nice as she was taking my order and bagging my order.Manager needs to reach to this employee, as she just keeps looking at Facebook on her phone.  Fried were too greasy.  Please get workers who attend to customers. 
ThanksSmash burger always comes though for me :) This one works hard to get orders out quickly and correctly! 
I only wish that the smash fries and smash tots came with an aioli or they had some mayo ready for them.i ate smashburger at f terminal.
this is literally a worst ---t burger i ever had.
shame on them for serving them and costing you $15-20 for burger fry and a drink.
I would never eat smashburger in a local setting.
do not spend your hard working earned money at airport smashburger.
i would give no star
hopefully this is helpfulI'll be in the airport a few times a week moving forward, so I'm going to archive the options I run into and see if I can find the perfect priced and most convenient spot! My first day included a stop for a burger (bacon avocado) and smashtots. Multigrain bun wasn't as bad as it looked, and there were fresh veggies on top, but the avocado and bacon were gone in one bite and the burger is a slightly thicker version of a McDonald's patty. 'Twas small, so Id opt for a double if you're considering it. There were a few fresh and juicy bites filled with flavor, not as satisfying as I'd hoped. They probably rely on the cheese to flavor it, and I ordered one that didn't come with cheese on it. I always wonder how "fast casual" restaurants charge for something I could get half price at a fast food place. There is really no difference in meat quality. Smashtots were strongly flavored, but super crispy and fun to eat. Rosemary was a bit much for me, but the up charge was minimal enough for me to try. 
It's in a good spot, it's quick-ish if there is no line, and they have milkshakes, which makes up for the Chick-fil-a not having them! But meat quality is mediocre and the tots are nothing amazing.Well, this review was a long time coming, but unfortunately it was not as good as so many times before.  
Just a little info.  I first tried Smashburger, when returning from Israel, about 5 years ago.  I never really ventured much outside of Terminal A domestic wing, before, so never thought much of the airport.  
Then, I was introduced to Terminal F food court, which is fantastic, and will do review of that later, if they are listed.  Anyways, the food court was fantastic, and had a burger joint I never heard of.  It was 8:30am, but considering I was in Israel all week, I was craving some good old fashion greasy American burger.  Well, they didn't disappoint, and as you probably expected, I made sure to enjoy every time I returned.
Today I was waiting to board my flight to Munich, Germany, and was surprised at the lack of options in the International Terminal A for American Airlines.  Though, I was happy to see they had a Smashburger, and waited anxiously to enjoy later a few hours before flight.  
Well, it wasn't even what I was used to.  The bun was cold, and hard.  The burger dry like it was nuked or sitting under a lamp, and it was a major bummer.  Now, the only thing I could think was that since this was an international terminal, it might have restrictions that F terminal doesn't.  I expected a fresh fried burger, and the one in Terminal A was nothing like the one in Terminal F.  
So, giving them the benefit of the doubt, I will give it a 3, and sample the Terminal F burger when I return.  Depending on the outcome, I will adjust my score.  Stay tuned!I don't eat at airports. Overpriced, sub par food.
My flight was unexpectedly delayed by 2.5hrs & I didn't have lunch, so I was trapped.
The employees were engaged with their conversation when I got to the register. Yup, just ignore the paying customer to talk about a girl you two don't like...I'll wait...
The burger was ok but as someone else mentioned, it was put together sloppily. Fries were meh.
I've learned my lesson. Always pack a lunch for the airport.This location is in the Philadelphia International Airport between terminals B and C.
This was my first experience of a Smashburger.  I went with the "calorie counter" single.  I can see why it's only 560 calories - tiny.  The service was than motivated.  I ordered a sweet tea to drink.  He didn't even fill it up.  I guess he knew I was counting my calories - lol.
I guess they really don't count on repeat business.  Oh well.  First and last visit for me.Ali helped a brother out. The kitchen did run into some problems, but it's probably something understandable. It took around 10 minutes for the burger to come out, but the people were apologetic. Having worked in the food industry myself, that's the best thing you can do if equipment is acting up. Made my flight, because the flight was delayed.
Helps to stay positive.Horrible. Had to stop at airport on layover. Grabbed a Turkey burger and sweet potato fries. The burger taste like it was marinated in SALT. The fries tasted old.Don't get me wrong: the avocado black bean burger was totally on point, and a nice dish for vegetarians. However, the systems in place for order fulfillment at this location seem to be in a massive state of disarray. The front end cashiers work by name, whereas the kitchen works by number. When I just stopped by a few minutes ago, there were only a couple of people in line. For some reason, they just could not get my order right, and constantly mixed up my order with the next person in line's. I think at least two burgers were wasted (not to mention lots of time) because of these mixups, and in the end, I did not even get the type of fries I wanted. Hopefully they can fix the service to match the taste of the food!Unimpressive. Smashed flat chicken and burgers on a bun. Nothing special. Fries and sweet potato fries were better than the sandwiches. I don't know what all the hype is about. Service was friendly.Somewhere in the vast landscape of ubiquitous burger joints rest Smashburger. Smashburger like Freddy's, uses an iron heat press. That's where the similarities end and Smashburger shines a much brighter light. 
Well wondering around PHL (Philadelphia) Airport, I found Smashburger and thought I'd give it a try. I ordered the Classic Burger and a Chocolate Shake. The burger was thick, cooked perfectly, with Cheese, Lettuce, Onions, Pickles, Tomatoes, special sauce (Ketchup, Mustard and Onions mixed together.), on a perfect fresh bun. The burger was very good and fell just short of a couple independents I know and Shake Shack. 
I had a Chocolate shake as well. The shake was among the best I've ever had. It was a deliciousness rarely found and always sought by us foodies. I loved it!..And sadly will dream about getting back to have another. 
The quality and the freshness of food is noteworthy. They even use Haagan Daaz Ice Cream in the shake. I'm literally coveting their chow while writing this review. 
The bottom line folks is this place is almost 5-Stars; but, it falls short of Shake Shack. I do recommend you eat here and get the burgers and shakes. I saw several people eating other menu items and they said they'd wished they had ordered a burger. A friendly tip: EAT BURGERS AT BURGER JOINTS!!!!!!  
4-Star burgers and shakes.Very satisfied with the avocado Swiss black bean veggie burger, which was flavorful and coupled with fresh veggies (tomato ad lettuce). You can also get the black bean patty on a salad instead of chicken which is a nice option. Affordable too, especially for airport food, at $6 (before tax) for the veg burger and $8 for the salad with the patty. This will be my go to place on my next PHL layover!Never eaten at this chain before, so decided to try it out while  waiting for my flight. Of course, keeping in mind everything at airports is expensive, I was pleasantly surprised to see the chain was cheaper than some of the other airport food. 
Looking at the menu, I assumed this was to be a "healthier" fast food option in comparison to mcds or Wendy's. When we got our food, it was a little oily. Not greasy- but oily. They seem to use a lot of garlic and olive oil. This made the food taste amazing (get the smash fries) and didn't leave me feeling gross afterwards. A little weird if you aren't used to olive oil- but still delicious!
The employees were wonderful and chipper, making the experience that much better! We will be visiting smash burger again soon!A complete shit show. Fryer was down, out of sausage, handing out the wrong orders to people... There was like 6 people in the kitchen all with the same confused looks on their faces, and no one was moving. I thought it was a hidden camera show.Smash Burger is seemingly taking over the fast food stalls at PHL, and I just don't see why.  I know that eating the airport is always a crapshoot.  But the few times I've tried Smash Burger while going through PHL, it has been consistently bad.  Lousy service (even by PHL standards), incorrectly made orders, limp fries and drinks with soda spilled down the side.  And the prices are nuts!!!  Save yourself the trouble and walk to the food court and get yourself some Chick Fil A.  Traveling on a Sunday?  Bring a sandwich from home.  The sooner the Smash Burger craze ends, the better!You asked for additional napkins. The food is so greasy you will need plenty. I ordered the truffle Swiss burger. But the price is one of the smallest burgers I've ever had. More than $16 for a small fry small burger and an iced tea. I need to try this because smash burger has now come to my hometown. I don't have to waste the  Time trying it at home. Probably the worst burger I've ever had. The smash fries were very tasty however I can't dripping in oil.  The ice tea was good and the service friendly. The service was quick so that is a good thing. But I do not recommend and will never try again.So while waiting at the airport to catch my next flight decided to eat here.  Wasn't really impressed, five guys would have been better.  The plus side I did enjoy there fries.  Found the meat to me chewy and over cooked. They had  the potential to be better.Well... they have burgers. They're dry, overcooked and, ultimately, disappointing. This location (as with most restaurants in airports) does not meet the standard Smashburger experience. Overall disappointing. 
Also, they gave me sweet potato fries instead of Smashfries. I didn't realize until I'd already walked two terminals away, so I didn't go get the correct food item. Another regret. Eating the fries was an experience similar to biting into crisped air.
Not recommended.The staff here is beyond rude. Never ever again will I eat here. I ordered  a burger and fries and while waiting for my food, the cashier screamed at me DID YOU ORDER AN OEREO SHAKE!?!!!  I said no I didn't, and why are you yelling at me. Did she apologize? Haha no. She proceeded to yell again that she asked me 3x, in a condescending tone. It was embarrassing. I asked to have my order cancelled--more attitude, and dirty looks. Yanked my CC out of my hand to do the refund. I found later in the week that I never got the refund. I can't tell you if the food is good or not. The miserable staff made me lose my appetite before I ate. 
Maybe a Five Guys would be a better fit. I've never been treated rudely there.Usually a fan of smash burgers..but tried the chicken burger at airport and it was rubbery and tasted real bad. Lettuce in the burger was like old plastic sheet. You charge $8 for a burger atleast make a decent one..