Classic all-American steakhouse, off the lobby of a fine hotel (The Rittenhouse) and on Philadelphia's equivalent to Central Park - Rittenhouse Square.  While the food is predictably fine, and offers fair value for the money/location - I wonder if this Grand Dame is loosing some ground to upstarts to the likes of more cutting edge interpretations of American steakhouses - like Steven Starr's Butcher & Singer.  The problem with Philly is that the restaurant scene seems to be accelerating its re-ascension into one of the finer culinary cities in the US, and restaurant operators need to evolve with them times.  While I know S&W is a no-brainer for expense account meals and business entertaining, it's starting to fall a little flat.  That said, I'd eat here daily if budget was not a consideration.  Very professional bartenders, since I usually eat at the bar.Swanky Rittenhouse steakhouse that just missed the mark.
Upon entering, the ambiance is intimate, comfortable and luxurious. The staff checked our coats and seated us upstairs by tall glass windows, which provided a wonderful view of the square. We started off our meal with S&W's signature rosemary & sea salt monkey bread. Served piping fresh out of the oven, it was amazingly soft, warm, and delicious. Complimentary bread is one thing, but this was truly impressive.
For our appetizer, the two of us shared a jumbo shrimp cocktail. This proved to be a mistake, it turns out, as the dish only had three shrimp. And, although expectedly large, the shrimp were slightly on the tough side. I also ordered a mojito, which was neither sweet nor tart enough. It just tasted like Bacardi and I didn't want another.
Next, we sampled the salmon with red wine sauce. To my surprise, the fish was dry and rather fishy -- I was thoroughly disappointed. The paired red wine sauce was a rich, crimson reduction of cream and wine. It was savory and unique, but the overpowering wine flavor simply tasted at odds with the bland fish, as if it had been added as an afterthought.
The dish I was most excited to try was S&W's truffle mac & cheese. It came served in a hot dish and topped with crisp crumbs. Upon digging in, however, I was saddened to find that the noodles were far too soft and the truffle flavor was nearly absent. On the other hand, we also ordered the wild mushrooms, which were wonderfully prepared.
At the end of the meal, our gift card was rejected. The staff handled the situation acceptably, in fact service was excellent throughout the meal, but S&W's overall execution of the concept left me wanting. Their seafood dishes were particularly disappointing, but I will give them the benefit of the doubt since I did not have the opportunity to try their legendary steaks. Regretfully, S&W is now closed, but may I suggest Lacroix?I think the best part about this place is the bar! The bartenders are old school, fun, polite, & always up for a chat. It's a great place to watch a game or go alone or with friends. The place has tons of regulars but you also meet interesting people from out of town since it's attached to the Rittenhouse hotel. 
They make a great martini and I've never had a bad meal. I like the tuna tartar, fried oysters, and the burger is one of the best I have ever had! It's juicy, delicious served with french fries and coleslaw for only $13 not bad! 
If you can snag one of the two tables outside it's romantic with a beautiful view of the park which you look out over while perched up. Great for date night. 
If you like French onion soup they've got a good one.It was ok Nothing special besides its unforgettable appetizer using the Himalayan  salt block. Food was ok service was ok . I didn't like the ambience that much for a romantic dinner date but i guess it's ok for lunchWe ate there on a Monday night and had to sit downstairs, where the bar is. All seating is not far from the bar. It is a pubby atmosphere, somewhat noisy with busy aisles where you might order bar food, unlike the classy quiet dining room upstairs where we wanted to sit. Consequently, this kind of spoiled the upscale atmosphere we were expecting.
Our server, Jennifer, took good care of us nonetheless. My Cajun prime rib was good, but not fantastic. I was warned that there would be a lot of fat and there was. 
I was under several assumptions that did not happen. We didn't get to pick the cut of meat before cooking. Maybe they don't do that here, but should. Also, instead of breads served in a iron pan, we got a cold plate with only two cold buns. My wife's house merlot was $15 each for a regular size glass, a tad high. They do have a few bottles of local craft beer too for $7.50, always appreciated. 
The kid who delivered my steak on a cart attempted to slide the steak, sitting on a very hot plate, onto a stone cold plate. What is with that? In fact, all the plates were cold as was the room. Was this place run by kids that night?
Our side of mac and cheese was forgettable. For over $200 for two people, with no dessert, it was definitely overrated and not worth returning. Valet parking is available for $20, street parking is limited but the two nearby pay kiosks were malfunctioning. Oh well...better luck at CG.
I called the manager as he requested...he "just" stepped out.Visited on my own and ate at the bar.  Ordered the marinated bone-in ribeye.
Not very good - dry, not juicy at all and very little flavor.  Texture was OK but it was thinner than I expected.  Most of the cooked weight appeared to be in the bone.  
It was later in the evening on a weekend night and things had slowed there, so may not have been the best time to go, but it cost more than $50 without the sides and wasn't worth.  
The sides - spinach and mash - were very good, as was the service.I have long thought that $50 for a steak is way overrated.  I can cook a steak like a champ. I did eat there with something like 12 people, but our bill came out to $120 each.  Given I got sucked into splitting the bill evenly, when my girlfriend and I didnt drink or order the lobster (which is always more overrated than a high priced steak).  But I dont see the logic in paying $50 for a steak where you have to pay something like $20 for a side dish.  The mac & cheese was great, but just not worth the extra money.  It wasn't my idea to eat in Rittenhouse as it was a birthday party, but if it were I would have never eaten there because Rittenhouse is overrated and overpriced.  I prefer more ethnic food anyway.  Two stars because the food is overpriced and the decor reminded me of fully furnished out of home depot.  You pay the price to eat in Rittenhouse.  I could have easily just spent $120 on a fantastic meal for me and my date at Buddakan.Great place. Must check out. Loved the halibut.I went to the restaurant on the 4th of October for dinner with a group of medical students. We had a reservation made for 7:30, but when we arrived there I was unpleasantly surprised that our "reservation was lost". When we finally got our table, two hours later, no one from the management came to check how things were going. I sent customer service an email a couple of days later and they still have not contacted me to even discuss my concerns.
The food was not bad. I just wasn't pleased with the service we received from the management, especially at a restaurant of this caliber.I don't think I write good enough to convey how good of a time I had at this place.
My boyfriend's parents took us out for his birthday to have a good old fashioned steakhouse dinner...my first steakhouse experience EVER. It was a rainy sunday night and the game was on so we literally had the entire upstairs to ourselves. We had two servers who were impressively knowledgable about the menu and drinks (which I suppose they're paid to know) and were incredible at making us feel at ease. They engaged us in conversation and were personable without being overbearing. Even though we were the only table and they had no change but to give all their attention to us, it felt like they WANTED to give us all of their attention. A+++ service.
Food...wow....
We started out with their rosemary and sea salt bread and my mind was blown at how perfectly warm and flakey it was. It danced on my tongue. We got a round of appetizers to split that included the fried calamari (my first calamari...loved it!) and scallops - both delicious.
For the main course I got my first filet mignon and I got it cajun seasoned and medium rare. It was them most delicious succulent piece of meat I've ever had (please no "that's what she said" jokes). We all got a bunch of sides to share (the sides aren't meant for one person. If you know me, I'm on a never ending quest to find the best macaroni & chese in Philadelphia. The current champion, Memphis Taproom, has sadly been ousted by Smith & Wollensky. Their truffle mac & cheese is OUTTA THIS WORLD. Delcious buttery mashed potatoes in a little pot were a good added touch to my meal. Everything...perfect.
I don't know how we did it, but after this meal we somehow had room for dessert. Three at the table split the chocolate cake which is ENORMOUS and definitely meant for about 3-4 people. I had a slice of the delicious New York Cheesecake. 
There was nothing about this experience that I regret...except that I don't make enough money to eat here more often!Elegant yet relaxed dining. Steak was prepared perfectly and to temperature. Wait staff was attentive but not pushy. Wine was extensive however if looking for it by the glass selection was a little sparse.
Overall was a very nice dining experience and will definitely be back again.Great experience. You definitely get what you pay for. You'll feel like a million bucks after you eat hereLove the one in NYC, Philly not so much. Dinner took forever, I mean forever.  Out of T-Bone? Out of filet? At 8:30? They did feel bad and offered us dessert on the house.  I'll pass on this one.One great steak, one terrible filet. 
We dined here during restaurant week, so I'm not sure if the quality control was not as good due to it being RW. The pea soup and Caesar salad were both good, but not something I'd order again, as they were nothing special and I'd rather save room for other treats. The bread was to die for and I could make a meal of that and the star of the evening - the truffle mac & cheese! 
One filet was perfectly cooked, thick, tender and juicy. Although I feel that it could've had more salt and pepper for additional flavor, this steak paired with the truffle mac & cheese will have me going back again. One filet, however, was terrible. I've honestly had better at the Outback Steakhouse, for a heck of a lot less money. It was tough, small and lacked flavor. 
The mashed potatoes lacked flavor and had a texture that didn't appeal to me. I also didn't care for the salty (soy sauce tasting) drizzle they topped the filet and potatoes with. The one item we ordered off the regular menu was truffle mac & cheese. This was hands down the best mac & cheese I've ever eaten in my entire life. I crave this stuff now and will definitely back, even just for this and a glass of wine at the bar. 
The atmosphere was busy, yet being settled next to the window looking out on the snowy park, lent a romantic feel to the evening. My boyfriend enjoyed the decor, while I wasn't loving the hunting lodge feel. There were some interesting things on the walls to look at though. 
So, although I can't give this higher than 3 stars for just the bread and the mac & cheese, I'll be back to try the filet again and see if they can improve their rating in my mind.For a very upscale restaurant, the service here was horrendous. Don't get me wrong, the food was amazing, but my boyfriend and I waited an hour for our appetizers. 
I got the Signature Crab Cake which was delicious, and we also ordered the truffled mac and cheese and the pan roasted wild mushrooms. Both were amazing as well. 
The server took way too long to come back and check on us and we realized later that it was because there was an event in the other room. Oh well.Terrrrrrrible place.  I grew up in northern New Jersey and as a treat, my dad would sometimes take the whole family to Smith & Wollensky in Manhattan on a weekend night.  It was an awesome experience because it was a true New York steakhouse--bustling atmosphere, lots of New Yorkers, delicious steak, huge sides, tons of wine, big male waiters with attitude.  Unfortunately, the Philly branch is nothing like this.  There is a bar area and a larger dining area.  It's got nice furniture and nice wait staff, but the food was TERRIBLE.  It wasn't until after we left that I found out that the owner of Smith & Wollensky sold off all the branch restaurants so they are independently run.  My steak had no flavor and it was a strange color.  The wine was fine but the surf and turf sucked.  The crab cakes and caesar salad were good but com'on, you come here for the steak!  For the same amount of money, you can get amazing steak elsewhere in Philly.This Smith & Wollensky is housed in The Rittenhouse, one of the finest hotels in Philadelphia.  Hence, I was expecting a top-notch experience at this restaurant.
I brought two a@#holes that we call customers for my usual kiss-a@# fest to get on their good side.  The bigger a@#hole of the two, who always demands that his lofty a@# be kissed since he is a big time buyer with a big corporation even invited his nephew who attends one of the colleges near by.  He obviously wanted to show his nephew how powerful his uncle is.  Yeah, and I get to pick up the tab too.
Even before I get a bite of the famous Smith & Wollensky steak, I was pissed off.... (Of course, I did a good job hiding my emotions behind my million-dollar "you-are-so-awesome--I-wanna-be-just-like-u-when-I-grow-up-gimme-the-damn-purchase-order" smile)
To cut the long story short, the better of the two and I get bone-in rib-eye, a@#hole customer and his nephew get their filet (butterflied and cooked extra well-done, BTW.) The flavor of rich beef is not there in my steak.  
I almost never use salt/pepper on good quality steaks but I was shaking the two bottles quite a bit that night.  Maybe my not normal state of mind had some influence but I know I am not that of an amateur beef-eater!
I heard the a@#hole bitchin' about how tough his steak was in the background, but I was too busy trying to find flavor in my steak I didn't even respond.  A few minutes later he got my attention and told me his steak was tough.  I was just ready to choke his ass when his sidekick informed him that most cuts of beef would be tough if you cook it extra well-done.  I was sitting there trying my best not to lose my million dollar smile.
So, that's my Smith & Wollensky experience in Philly.  Not up to expectation.  However, I'd like to visit another time without a@#holes that we call "customers."I brought my dad and his girlfriend here for his birthday. He had a great time, I may have had to many cocktails, but i'm not that into the whole expensive steak thing. Although i must say I order my steak well done with out getting a dirty look, best part ever is that my steak acturally came out butterflied and well down with having taste! It was his birthday, we enjoyed the view of rittenhouse sitting in a booth by the window and they didn't seem to want to kill us when my dad was the usual 30 minutes late.A blessing of RW in Philly is people seem to want to head out a group to enjoy the smaller portioned meals, and sometimes drink specials. We headed to S&W this last week and have to say I was readily impressed. The group enjoyed the 2 appetizer options: a mixed salad & a mozzarella / greens salad. Both were a regular sized salad, and both seemed enjoyable. I personally had the mixed green salad, which was very enjoyable. Our table was pretty easy; everyone got the Hanger Steak / asparagus option. The waiter did an excellent job explaining to those less familiar how the restaurant cooked their cuts. IE medium was described as more pink then other places, and well done was described as near no pink with crispy outside. With everyone's good to order. The waiter came around just to double check everyone got the right order as there was a nice mix of rare, medium, and well. For dessert option we had the chocolate cake... again the entire table are chocolate folks so we were definitely the easy table. 
The cost was what was expected. Some folks were shocked hoping for a cheap meal with restaurant week. SW gives a fair price for an excellent meal. They have a nice wine menu as well. Overall, pretty happy. I would head back for a special occasion and expect walk away with a smile on my face.Bone-in Rib-Eye and Signature Bone-in NY cut Sirloin are both "off the charts" amazing!  Actually, everything is always perfect. The meats are of the highest quality and taste; the service is always great; creamed spinach is perfect, not overly rich. If you want rich and decadent, try the truffled Mac & Cheese; insanely delicious, but I can only eat a bite or two!
All told, amazing dinner every time!My favorite steakhouse. Located at the Rittenhouse Square area of Philly. The service is impeccable. The food is absolutely above standard. The one and only steak house in my book. Definitely worth the price and the experience. My go to spot in Philly after Geno's.in my attempts to bring back the lipstick cocktail from the 1920s (champagne, gin, and splashes of orange & grapefruit juices and cherry brandy), i enlisted bartender mike's services. he looked at me funny when i asked if he had it, since cherry brandy isn't a staple at most bars, but he happened to have cherry bourbon. fantastic! -both drink and service. the sliders app was amazing and i love anything with chipotle mayo because i'm a fat kid, meaning i got the spicy fries. they're awesome. this place is a little out of my price league for a full meal, but i'd definitely sit at the bar for a couple drinks and snacks.Had dinner here last night; BIG mistake.  Our waiter had ice running through his veins.  You could feel the "chill" and major attitude in the air when he approach the table.  I really wanted to tell him to send over another server because he was killing my dining experience.  We did choose a pretty decent bottle of wine, so that was good.  The steak (filet mignon) was also good, but that's about it.  The sides (asparagus and whipped potatoes) were really bad; almost like cafeteria food and the desserts were Sara Lee - like.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays, and I did mentioned that when the reservations were made because they had asked if we were celebrating a  special occasion.  They would bring out complimentary cake.  Well, they must have forgotten because there was nothing complimentary at this meal.  It's a very, very expensive restaurant and if you're dropping that kind of cash, you would (and should) expect terrific (and somewhat friendly) service and food.  Oh well, live and learn.  Heed my warning fellow Yelpers.My bf loves steak so he HAD to go there for restaurant week. We did the restaurant week menu.
The atmosphere is nice. We were seated at a different section of the restaurant so we didn't get to see the Rittenhouse Square view.  :( 
For the appetizers, I had the mixed green salad. I don't think you can go wrong with that if you like salads. My bf had tomato carpaccio which was delicious! After tasting his appetizer, I was jealous that I didn't get that instead. 
For the entree, we each got steak prepared the way, we wanted it. I got the Cajun seasoned, medium raw and he got the au poivre. I thought that my steak could've used a little more seasoning. Portion size was okay. I never went on a non restaurant week day - so I'm not sure if the portion sizes are smaller. As for the dessert, the chocolate cake was mediocre. I think, I could've baked a moister cake than that. 
Would I come back? Probably not. I have tried other restaurants in the city. And they definitely had better steaks than this place.i love it here. just plain fun. the staff is great. always a good time.I went there on a Thursday night with my buddies. Jesscia was our servicer and her service was excellent. i would definitely give her 5 stars. 
The food was also excellent and highly recommended. The only draw back was the restaurant decor is a little dated. But it's still highly recommended.Went here last night with my boyfriend and sat at the bar. The food is great, as expected. I just got a salad ( the one with the poached egg and bacon -- it was amazing I've never had bacon so thick) and the truffle mac and cheese which is heavy but a definite must especially for a snowy freezing night. He got a 14 oz steak which he said was delicious and onion rings, which were nothing special but still good. 
The service was great. We had a bartender that was a little bit older ( he told us he had been bartending for 30 years!) and he was great -- I wish I had gotten his name ! He was easy to talk to and talked and joked with us just enough to give us a pleasant experience but not over baring. 
Doorman was nice too.I have been to this restaurant a few times including last week. This was the first time I had been there for dinner. So of course I had to have the Filet Mignon. 
It was tender and juicy. Cooked to perfection. The Hollandaise sauce was delicious as were all of the sides. We had the mushrooms and onions and mashed potatoes as sides. I'm not a big bread eater but the bread was good.
Before the main course I had the Wollensky salad. Bacon, Romaine lettuce, mushrooms and soft croutons. It was good but not great to me.
In the past, I have come for lunch. Each time I had the Butcher Burger. It was really good bit really big. A lot to eat for lunch when you are returning to the office.
Great restaurant for business meetings. Quiet and great food. Pricey but worth it.It was an enjoyable experience all in all. We went early in the evening and sat right next to the window looking at the park. Everything was good but I just can't give more than three stars. Started with a Bloody Mary which was well prepared along with the drinks others ordered. For dinner I had the crab cake for an appetizer and the Chicken entree.  They were good although the chicken looked like it was kept warm too long and a little dry and over done. The waiter was attentive but lost points when he served the coffee and spilled it into the saucer as he placed it in the table. The staff was friendly and service was acceptable otherwise. 
  This is not a cheap place and for the cost I would choose elsewhere as far as the level of cuisine served.  
  The clerk at the rittenhouse desk validated our valet parking ticket and they discounted the parking price 10$ instead of just 5$ if I had the ticket stamped at the restaurant.  Pricey parking. 
  The view of the park is great and the food very enjoyable. I highly recommend this restaurant for numerous reasons and glad I got to try it.  Wish I could give more stars as I enjoyed the experience but just seemed like they need to pay a little more attention to detail.My girlfriends and I came here for restaurant week.  I have to say in really wasn't that impressed and neither were they.  I understand it was restaurant week, but the presentation was terrible. The steaks were served on small plates and my friends said they were just ok. I chose the salmon and it wasn't bad but it wasn't great. The servers were great and attentive. Just I expected a little more from this place. The saving grace was the amazing chocolate cake!I took my family here for lunch the other day.  My father was craving a steak and since no other steakhouse was open for a saturday lunch, I made reservations here.
The food was meh.  I've definitely had better.  My father ordered the filet and while he ordered it medium well, it was completely well done.  We had to send it back.  The second came back slightly less well done, but still not medium well.  All other dishes were ok (lobster BLTA, crab cake melt and various side orders).   That said, none of them were steaks, which is what they're known for, right?  They are a steakhouse...
The staff was very accommodating and comped our dessert and coffee without us having to ask.  And dessert was definitely the best part of the meal.  That and the free bread.
If you do decide to go and order a steak, remember that they'll overcook it, so order it a little more rare than you'd like.I'm always a fan of Smith and Wollensky. After having spectacular meals at their locations in New York and Boston, I decided to try it out in Philly with a few friends during restaurant week. Let me first say my thoughts on restaurant week... It's a nice concept, but restaurants don't seem especially keen on it. In my past experience, the servers seem much less hospitable and attentive, and the food seems rather 'sloppy.' And who can blame them? For ONLY $35 for an app, entree, and desert, it is a STEAL! Needless to say, I am not a fan of restaurant week and should just stay home..
BUT, you can NEVER go wrong with Smith and Wollensky's steak. I think it far exceeds the other top 'chain' high end steakhouses--Ruth's Chris, BLT Steak, Morton's, etc. It is just so classic. It's no comparison to Peter Luger's, though, but nothing is!! For restaurant week, I was amazed that the filet on the menu was an 8 oz. Other steakhouses in Philly (like those aforementioned chains), had 6 oz "petite" filets on their menu. AND, I wasn't expecting any sides to be included, but to our surprise, the server brought out pans of mashed potatoes for us, at no charge! For dessert, I wasn't feeling a big, heavy, and fattening piece of cake, so the server gladly substituted a large bowl of FRESH raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries. The value of the berries far exceeded that of the cakes and, again, no extra charge. 
Overall, S&W for restaurant week is a great value for a place that would otherwise easily be $90 a person. Despite the below average service, it was a satisfying dinner.Ny, Miami, Chicago, Philly... Smith & Wollensky never fails. Yes, their steaks are great (medium rate of course). Yes, their seafood is great (crab claws so full of meat). But what's really NOT TO MISS??? The *best* Split pea soup, on the planet might I add, topped with perfectly textured croutons. A great winter's dinner with the addition of their roasted chicken. It never gets old and man they do it as well as my Bubbe which is a difficult task at hand.Overall a nice night, only three stars because I think I expected more from the experience. The decor is nice but it felt like a chain restaurant to me, which is fine if I'm there for the $9.99 lunch special but I think as a well-established fine dining steakhouse try could do a but more to customize each place. The food was good, had the beef duo and LOVED the Cajun rub. The rosemary and sea salt bread was delicious. (I'll be attempting to replicate that at home) Chocolate cake was very rich. Server brought out an extra slice that had been plated by accident so I'm looking forward to that for breakfast... Best part of the night was the table next to us was a man and two escorts. Quite entertaining to say the least. 
Am I dying to go back? No. Was it worth trying? Yes.Yes, I am a fan, but not the first, second, or third place I would pick to go for a steak anymore.  Honestly, I probably won't ever be in there for a steak again by my choosing.  The seafood platter was amazing with Crab, Clams, Oysters, Shrimp, and Lobster.  Pretzel and butter is always good.  The Cajun Rib Eye was my favorite for a very long time.  But at 52 dollars it is way over priced for a steak that was frankly no where as near as good as I remember.  Better steak all around Philly at least as Rib Eye goes. Mashed potatoes still rock!  Asparagus was done very poorly.   Wine outrageous but good and Scotch selection decent but very expensive.  No Macallan?   Since when?  That was odd.   If I went back it would be for a burger at the bar on lunch and a beer.  Not dinner or drinks.  You can get a lot more for your money in other places in Philadelphia.Went here for the first time looking for some steak action with some friends.  
Decor:   Nice and fancy shmancy.  There's a giant moose head in the upstairs restaurant area. Downstairs is the bar (it's part of the Rittenhouse Hotel).
Menu:   Menu's pretty extensive. There's surf and turf stuff galore.  I stuck to the rib eye section of the menu, since steak is what I wanted.  
Foods:   Our party got a slew of things: naked cowboy oysters, a filet with foie gras, a full-on lobster, scallops, creamed spinach, creamed corn with manchego, and sauteed mushrooms.  And I got the long bone spice rubbed rib eye. Mmmm.
Let me talk to you about this rib eye steak. The bone was probably about 13 inches long, the steak was about 20oz large. Maybe 24oz. Who knows.  It came with a lemon parsley salad? I didn't really want a salad with my steak. But when I got it, it had a quinoa salad on top.  Well, okay.  The steak was a perfect medium rare (woo!), delicious, but slightly too salty. I'm not sure if it was because of the bonemarrow butter or what, but definitely saltier than I would have liked. The quinoa was also in the way of my steak. I ate it though. Begrudgingly.  But at the end (after carving the meat off the bone), there was this delicious bone with bits of meat on the end.  Needless to say, I felt like a caveman.  That was a plus!  Was it worth the extra $? Hm, that's questionable. I don't think the quinoa was worth the extra bit, but I'm a carnivore so...
The creamed corn with manchego was spot on delicious. I need more of this in my life. The sides all came in these cute small sauce pots.  I liked that touch.  The creamed spinach and mushrooms were great, too.  
The party had ordered deserts, and the giant choco cake was giant, with a chocolate cow cookie.  
Definitely a fan. Will come back but will order a more 'plain' rib eye steak.Came for restaurant week and glad I did. This place is really pricey and upscale. That's fine and all but I wouldn't pay full price here. The highlights were the view of rittenhouse square, the bread and the beef bacon. Other than that my steak was undercooked, then a bit over cooked. My boyfriends was undercooked as well. Chocolate ganache cake was underwhelming. Boyfriend said mashed potatoes tasted instant. Split pea soup was good.I went there for lunch today and loved it!!! I already knew that this place was good because I've been here several times in the past but the burger I had today was really good and I finally had great fries!!!I've said before the fries that I've had on my burger tour have mostly been awful.the best part is that this is a meal,because it comes with the fries and easily the best coleslaw I've ever had,they also give you an amazing pretzel bread with mustard butter,here is the breakdown
Bun--seeded but might be a little too heavy because I'm a big eater and I was stuffed after eating this
Meat---outstanding as expected...so fresh and nicely seasoned
Toppings--delicious applewood bacon...but I would like to have more optionsThe overall experience was nice but I was not impressed with the filet mignon.  I thought the filet was overcooked on the outside (it was charred) and it lacked flavor.    My experience last year with the filet was outstanding; but this year, I was not impressed.  The sides and salad was delicious and the chocolate cake was excellent.  Our waiter was excellent for serving a big group of people.  My friend and I did go to the bar after our luncheon and the bar tender was great, personable and attentive.It was sad having our final meal at this Smith & Wollensky's location (they're officially closing this Sunday).  The 2nd floor tables next to the tall windows have a beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square and the restaurant has beautiful decorations.  Our server was clearly nostalgic, having worked for the 15 of the 16 years this location has been in existence. 
We took advantage of their 50% off wines, and truly enjoyed some magnificent bottles of wine for half the cost.  Their bread is of course fluffy perfection, but don't fill up on it!
For the appetizers, the crab cake was small, but delicious, the shrimp cocktail tasted fresh, and the fried shrimp/calamari, while EXTREMELY small pieces, was really fresh and flavorful.  
The dressing on my Caesar dressing was WAY too much.  
My salmon was cooked to my particular liking after they were patient about it being sent back twice.  The sauteed spinach (not on the menu) was deliciously garlicky, and better than the creamed spinach, which was disappointingly not creamy enough.  The truffled mac & cheese was of course delicious.  The onion rings were battered well, but the onions were slightly under cooked.  
I love their chocolate cake, which is truly so moist, as well as their coconut cake, which is light and airy.
Wishing the staff at this location much luck during this transition.This restaurant is on rittenhouse square, which may not be obvious from the yelp map. 
I like many others went for lunch so there was no reason to order one of their many versions of a filet mignon, but I'm sure they'd of been spectacular.
We tried their truffled mac and cheese, carpaccio on a himalayan salt block, and their lobster mango salad. 
The mac and cheese was too salty for my tastes, and it had ham in it which only added to that issue.
The carpaccio was great. Really unique on the salt block.
Their lobster mango salad was great. My only complaint was again it seemed too salty.
As I haven't tried most of the menu I can't comment on anything but what I have said, but it seemed like a nice place with great service with a great view of the square. I'd go here again.For the price this place does not satisfy.  It has real good food but to charge the absurd amount that they do you are strictly paying for Rittenhouse views.  Had the Beef Trio which was good but at 50 bucks not so good.  Also ordered the cod which was just OK.  Had much better seafood elsewhere.  The bread that came out was the saltiest bread ever whcih was not appetizing.  Our server was very good and our table was excellent.  All in all would never go back because I could find a nice piece of steak worth 20 bucks less.I heard it was closing. That explains the food. My filet was the worse I've ever had. It was fatty and undercooked, and I like them medium rare. S&W forgot about this place when the decided to close it. Never going back to the chain.An underwhelming experience given the five-star prices.  S&W tries to deliver the atmosphere you'd expect from a high end steak place.  The selection of premium cuts is impressive and they certainly know how to cook a steak.  Unfortunately, that seems to be the extent of S&W.  The sides aren't anything worth writing home about and the service is only in line with the prices.  We were given a private room for our group of about 10, so kudos for that I guess...A beautiful day, great wine and the woman of my dreams.  This was a day made in heaven.  
Imagine a statuesque woman of undeniable beauty looking every bit the part and dressed to stop traffic.  Yep thats my Angel.  I was able to rescue her from the clutches of the evil boss and take her on a rare yet well deserved date afternoon.  Opening the door to help her out of the car was a treat in itself.  Then having her on my arm as each step she took just exuded grace and class; I was the proudest man in the city.  I have to simply thank the man above for being this blessed. 
We were in town for Wine Week.  if you dont know what Wine Week is then please let me educate you.  Wine Week happens in the Spring and the Fall.  At lunch you are privy to 10 wines for $10 with a lunch entree.  Its that simple....or is it?  You make a late reservation and you simply allow the afternoon to take its course as you enjoy wonderful food, wine and (if your lucky) exquisite company.  
This being mine and Angel's second time she knew what to expect and had some disctinct thoughts on what she wanted.  We started with one of the flatbreads as we were both hungry.  Pourings started with a sparkling white closely followed by a Pinot Gris.  Neither were particularly special but nice all the same.  I was still working my way over every contour of her face, the sparkle in her eyes, the curve of her mouth ...Wow.   
She had the scallops and I the tuna for entrees and she was able to get the server to have the chef make his Lobster Mac and Cheese for us.  The food was as always wonderful.  The next wines that followed were certainly our favorites of the day (Evolution, Wild Horse Pinot and a Carmenere) .  Each of these complimented the way she smiled at me, the way she moved and each word that I waited impatiently for.  She had my undivided attention and deservedly so.  Other stops for coffee and more wine and some cheese but that is for another story....
Today's moral is:  Find an alluring, beatiful woman you can spoil rotten and dote on and take her to Wine Week at Smith and Wollensky.  Make a late reservation and waste away the day with this beauty and let that memory wash over you again and again.  I do.I went to Smith and Wollensky for restaurant week with a friend.  The price point was excellent, but I was incredibly disappointed by the food.  The main course for my meal was the filet mignon served with a side of mashed potatoes.  My friend and I both ordered the same preparation and the steaks came out looking completely different. I sent the steak back and was still not terribly satisfied with the next preparation.  I guess when you send a steak back for being overcooked, the chef doesn't want to take a chance and will send back something a little more raw.  My order came out very rare, which is better than overcooked, so I took it in stride.
All in all, I'm not likely to return.  The split pea soup was so so and the chocolate cake dessert was so so as well.  
The wait staff was very friendly, though seemed to take it a tad personally that I was not happy with my steak's preparation. I did find the ambiance to be a bit stuffy.I went to S&W for my birthday with my parents.  TK called ahead because my stepfather will only drink Amstel Light.  They don't usually carry it so my server actually made a pit stop on his way into work and bought two six packs.  Needless to say, my stepfather was chuffed.  He drank 11 of them!   It also goes without saying that our service was exceptional.  It helped that we knew the server (Allan) but I think he's just good anyway.  He was very attentive but not overbearing.
The food was really good.  It wasn't the best steakhouse that I've been to, but I was impressed.  I got fillet mignon and it was cooked perfectly.  The sides were good too.  I really enjoyed the spinach, but I loves my greens.  They were a plate of garlicky goodness!  The mashed potatoes were also a favorite of other members of my party.  The space is kind of a funky feng-shui mess that leaves you feeling a bit entrapped.  I've also been to S&W just to go to the bar.  The bartender made me a fisherman's friend which is whiskey and port.  It sounds disgusting but I kind of liked it.I am so sad this place is closing!!  Came down after a charity event at the hotel.  My husband and I split a Butcher Burger and onion rings.  Honestly the BEST burger I have ever had.  He actually went back last night to get me a burger one more time before they close.  We took home the chocolate cake and it was another home run.  They're portions are generous and the quality is phenomenal.  I only wish I had started coming here sooner.Stopped here for drinks at the bar last saturday and enjoyed the entire experiance.  The service was excellent Carlos the manager was at the door and he could not have been more pleasent.  Our bartender mike was an ace.  We ordered the sliders and they were cooked perfectly and I fell in love with the spicy chipotle sauce!I'm a bit of a steakhouse aficionado.  I've been lucky enough to have traveled a great deal and have eaten at a steakhouse in over thirty cites in this country.  As the years and cities passed by some patterns emerged.  It became clear that the independent establishments generally performed better than the chains.  Among the chains, smaller is better.  That's not to say that you can't have a good meal at a giant chain like Morton's.  I've had many but I've had consistently had better cuisine at an independent.  It's interesting that top end steakhouse prices are quite similar.  If you have committed to spending serious $$ a couple of bucks doesn't matter so why not go for the best.  S&W is not the best in steakhouse in town.
So S&W is a small chain with around nine locations.  Over several years I've been there several times.  Sometimes just for drinks and/or an appetizer.  Of course I've had dinner here.  Many folks will have a good or great meal here but there are problems with consistency that bother me.  For this kind of $$ I want every aspect of my dining experience to come together beautifully.  That means atmosphere, food, service, and wait staff all need to work.  For me it seems that one piece is always missing.  I stop in for a drink and a quick bite.  The bartender and the drink are great and the hot appetizer is served cold.  I'm served a wonderful steak & sides and the waiter is cold.  I want it all and I can get it at other steakhouses in town.As good as it gets. Everything is pleasurable. I love to take my out of town guests to this restaurant. Everything from the silverware, to the salad, to the desert is always impressive.This is a classic business suits steak house. Bring any father here for father's day (unless they are vegetarian) and you will be a hit. 
The sides are reason in themselves to go here. Creamed spinach, kernel corn and buttery mashed potatoes (all for about $5). I recommend the Gorgonzola-crusted filet mignon. 
Be prepared for a heavy bill and an even heavier stomach. But this place will surely impress your date (although be warned they will never finish their dinner).Had pleasant dinner there. Me and my hub only have been to S&W in NYC and both had decent experiences there. I am not a huge meat eater but I do enjoy bread basket ( they always have great ones!) and appetizers at steak house. 
We got bunch of appetizers and one huge aged rib eye. 
Ordered Wollensky salad, mussels, fritto misto, crab cake. 
I enjoyed the crab cake and fritto misto the most. They were really delicious. Salad and mussels were good too but little salty for me but I enjoyed them all. 
Hub got spiced rubbed rib eye. I had some, was juicy and tender. I thought was delicious but again, I am not a huge meat eater so I might be wrong. 
Our sever, I think his name was Rick, he was very attentive and nice. Service wise it was great. I liked that this place wasn't overly packed so we could enjoy quite meal there. The NYC one always packed with cooperate people and tourists whenever I visited there. Wasn't super pleasant. 
Overall was very satisfying meal. Will go back.My review is for the bar. Stopped in with my GF for a drink before we went to dinner at Lacroix. I ordered a glass of Chard. and I got a Tangueray and tonic. I was still taking my coat off so just put a $20 on the bar. He gave me the dirtiest look I'd ever seen a bartender give and said "Thats NOT enough". $24 for 2 drinks - REALLY????? Was the wine made be Jesus Christ himself? I realize I'm in Rittenhouse but come on now. $24 for 2 drinks is outlandish, even for Rittenhouse not to mention you're a steakhouse CHAIN!
Bottom line; Obviously its safe to say that you can scratch this one off of your happy hour list unless you're Gordon Gekko.OK...I'm not a fan at all of the New York location.  However, I liked the ambiance of this location.  I ended up eating at the bar with my main squeeze. It was extra special since it was around Christmas time and Rittenhouse square was beautifully decorated.  First and foremost, the valet guys were awesome! ...very personable and sweet!  It was a very homey ambiance...nice wooden bar.  The pretzel bread that they brought out in the beginning with their mustard was fantastic!  I had the signature crabcake appetizer with ginger and mustard sauce.  I believe it was $19.  Pricey, but at least the crab was fresh and not out of a can like most places.  One of the best crabcakes I've had outside of Maryland (G&M Restaurant in Maryland has the best crabcakes...you can order them online).  I also had the ribeye which was cooked to perfection...exactly as ordered.  The staff was very accomodating.  Our waiter, Kevin, was nice enough to charge our phone.  He also has a great personality and made great drinks!  I'm a fan of this location.  I will be back.I had an honestly awful experience in this place, with the sole upside being the delicious tuna on my salad.  Service was terrible, condescending and inattentive.  The side dish - hash browns - was delivered 8 minutes after the entree with no apology or explanation.  And the hash browns were greasy.  I give it two stars because the food is pretty good - though nowhere near as good as the price would justify.  But bad service at this price point is inexcusable.  
And the worst part: I wrote to the manager to complain, and received no response.  Silence.  Don't roll the dice at these prices; there are too many other high quality steak houses in town.Well the food is great but I can't star them more than two stars due to the fact that their food runner does all of the work and I am sure the waiters/waitresses take basically all of the money, servers stop being so lazy! The place finally shut down and it was probably because all of the mice they had.Food was just Ok, I really can't say that we were extremely impressed. The steak was just ok. The pretzel bread and butter was the best thing we had (which is free) The service was good, and drinks were good. But everything is WAY over priced. To be honest if your looking for a steak Outback is probably your best bet. (As much as it pains me to say it)Went here last NY eve. Good food but thats about it! Too business like for me. I felt like I was with surrounded by a bunch of stuffy business men. Great View of the city though!I went for restaurant week and the food was good. Service was a little slow took about 15 minutes for someone to come over and take our drink order. The food is the only reason I would go back. Overall atmosphere was nice.There are too many good steak places in Philadelphia that are in the same price range to go here.  The problem with Smith is Consistency. I have been here and had a great steak. And I have had the same steak be terrible.  
At this price point, you need to be spot on everytime.  Of late, it hasn't been.  simple as that.  There are other places to get a great steak.  This place, you might, you might not.  If it's a 7buck cheese steak, I take a gamble.  If it's a $50 porterhouse, I don't take the chance if I know in a block and a half radius of this place, I can go to other places, pay that price, and get a great steak everytime.We decided to take advantage of restaurant week and go to a place where you normally need a credit check to walk through the door.
Service was, of course, phenomenal, if not a little TOO attentive. I can't complain though, better that then absent and rude, which we've also experienced. We ordered off the restaurant week menu (obviously). They had a choice of three appetizers: caesar salad, Wollensky salad and split pea soup; three entrees: filet mignon, salmon (which they were out of and substituted tuna instead) and chicken; and dessert: cheesecake, chocolate layer cake or tiramisu.
I got the caesar, the fiance got the Wollensky salad. I don't know why you would come here if you weren't going to get steak so we both got the filet and then I chose the chocolate cake and he got the cheesecake. We also ordered a half side of the truffle mac and cheese.
Now on to the best part of the meal (aside from dessert). The bread. It was served piping hot in a little cast iron dish with lots of cruchy sea salt and rosemary on top. Yum. Just yum. I could have made a meal out of that alone. Our salads were ... just okay. The caesar was actually a little dry and I've had better salads with more flavor. I tried one leaf and a potato crouton off the Wollensky salad. It was all right but I'm glad we got the restaurant week deal on both.
The steaks were, of course, amazing. We both ordered them medium rare. I thought they were a little more done then that but luckily neither of us minded. There was still plenty of pink. The couple at the table behind us both ordered theirs medium well. No. I'm surprised the chefs even let you do that. The steak was delicious. Juicy and tender with a great crust of salt and pepper. It didn't need any other seasoning. It's served with broccoli, mashed potatoes and a bernaise sauce. I barely touched the potatoes and I HATE broccoli (the waiter told us it would be served with asparagus so that was slightly disappointing) but between the delicious steak and truffle mac and cheese (amazing btw, creamy and gooey and flavorful!) there was more than enough food.
Now dessert. My chocolate layer cake was great. The cake wasn't dry, which is common with chocolate cake and it was really rich and chocolately. But the real star was the cheesecake. It had a little layer over the graham cracker crust that was kind of nutty and caramel-y. Delicious. Worth going for. Seriously.
All in all, it was a wonderful meal. We had a great table overlooking the park and it was nice to get a little dressed up and treat ourselves to a great meal. I would definitely go there again ... if someone else was picking up the tab. :)I understand when I walk in to a steakhouse, especially a chain I can expect to throw calorie counting out the door. My dinner was quite possibly the biggest food I've ever been served. I don't just mean portion sizes, I mean sheer mass. My date raved about how great the "Cracklin Pork Shoulder" is so I went for it. I would safely estimate it around 4lbs, bone in. I felt like a well dressed cavelady and I wasn't the least bit upset.
We went with no reservation on a Friday around 9pm and the dining room was empty - score! Our server, although nice, wasn't very knowledgeable. We had to ask several times for different preferred liquors (we know what we like) as she wasn't sure if they carried it despite being common brands. The excellent steak tartare was prepared tableside which is an old school steakhouse tradition that I kind of enjoy. The Wollensky salad was prepared in the same fashion but he forgot the ever important dressing so we had to track down our server but were quickly accommodated. 
Aside from the massive size my meal was delicious and indulgent. I have a weird love for sauerkraut and theirs was so on point. My date's dry aged ribeye was perfectly cooked which can be hit and miss with medium rare. We didn't touch the french fries we ordered as a side as the main dishes were enough to occupy our attention and stomachs. 
Smith & Wollensky has old school charm, tons of available table space and overlooking the square if you're into scenery. It's not the hippest joint in the city but if you're looking to shell out some dough and get an enormous and gratifying meal then pop in.Ribeye was perfectly cooked. Whipped potatoes were great. However, for the money...it could have been better in my opinion.I made a reservation a week in advance and called twice to confirm a group of fifteen from Temple Medical School.  The reservation was for October 4, 2012.   The reservation was not in the system when we arrived and our plans were delayed for two hours. The service itself was good, as well as the food. I was informed by the manager Marc that he would have the general manger discuss the situation with us. Unfortunately, the general manager never came to speak with us.  I have family in the high-end restaurant business, and I feel that after a situation like this, it was unacceptable to not be contacted by the general manager.  The bill was $770 for thirteen of us with the restaurant week discount. We were thinking of bringing a larger group of medical students from Temple along with significant others. My group and I are deciding to take our business elsewhere. If anyone would like to contact us about specifics regarding our experience, you may do so at 631-533-3124.So sad S&W is closed but greatful we were able to spend Valentines Day there. A city staple... Always had a great meal there!S and W has their act together 
We enjoy the grill with Jesse and Melissa and they know our lines and dislikes 
Beautiful room on Rittenhouse Square
You can go wrong with the prime aged steaks and lobster tails. The truffles Mac and Cheese is killer. The carpaccio and grotto misto and steak tartare are also 
devine.  Don't skip the choc cake for dessert 
Enjoy! The new chef is a huge upgrade
DocWent back to S & W last evening and had a really solid meal.  I miss that there is no Steak Tartare on the menu and miss the buffalo fried oysters  but the other apps are pretty good.  We had the Seafood tower for 4 and although we have had fresher seafood at Union Trust the oysters were very good and shrimp were good but on the small side.  We had a few orders of the seared scallops and bbq shrimp and both had nice flavor. I prefer the bbq shrimp at Ruth Chris.  Entrees were very good the Porterhouse for two is a giant tasty piece of beef perfectly cooked.  The Filet with foie gras was also excellent.  I a addicted to truffle Mac and Cheese.  Finished up with coffee and pecan pie a la mode and carrot cake and we were all very happy.  Server (Jesse) was great.  Also ordered a nice grgrich cab 2007 estate that was a nice match.  We will be back.Went here for Restaurant Week with a few friends. 
The Rosemary bread they brought out -- OMG unhealthily delicious. It was soaked in butter which reminded me of Auntie Anne's pretzel. So good, worth the extra calories. 
Wollensky Salad amazed me with chunks of bacon!! :) Me + Bacon = Love. Main entree is Filet was.. eh. Nothing to rave about. Generic steak. It was slightly overcooked from what i requested and was sort of bland. Side dish of Mac and Cheese was delish! Dessert of Creme Brulee was yummy but i prefer it to not be so thick! 
One thing i have to mention is... what is with their lack of tea assortments?! Usually a restaurant like this would have a full box selection, but I was left to choose from Decaf or Regular Liptons tea.. Hmmm... 
I would come here again, but there are definitely better options out there.Celebrated my Hubby and Brother's birthday during restaurant week. Great offerings for the low price. There was something for everyone. Loved how they offered steak, chicken and salmon. It was definitely a good time had by all!Ok, this is clearly a steakhouse. And yeah filet mignon is fantastic. Lobster mac and cheese is devine.
But let's talk about that chocolate cake! That was out of this world. I hate chocolate cake. I'm the type that needs her chocolate diluted with some sort of nuts or vanilla. However, this chocolate cake (which I got a huge slice of) was the kind that I can see myself developing a long lasting, but ultimately self-destructive, relationships with. I ate it after dinner and had another piece for breakfast (I'm bad, I know). Whew!
So yeah, try some dessert.The only thing going for my recent visit, was the waiter. He was very kind and attentive. The food, on other hand, was very below the standard you'd expect for Smith and Wollensky. Fish was over salted (Salmon and Tuna),  the steaks were overcooked and the bread was pretzels with BUTTER?
No thanks, there are plenty of other steak houses and seafood places in Center City.Background: My wife and I have been super busy since having our second child and it has been more than 3 years since my wife and I had sat down for a romantic dinner. I however, work in the city so I have the luxary to dine out frequently with clients and co-workers. So it was Valentine week and I wanted to take my wife somewhere that had a nice ambiance and wide-selection on the menu (seafood, steak, salads etc.,) so I thought Smith and Wollensky was a good choice based on the Rittenhouse location and the menu (of course some of the reviews on here).
Initial Experience: 
First, off, the valet service was great. I thought they were very attentative and quick. As we enter the restaurant through the hotel, it was quickly a downer. Once we open the door, it was obvious that the entire floor setup is very tight and narrow! The bar area and first floor was extremely uncomfortable to move around. We were greeted with other guest's elbows while trying to navigate to the front where the hosts was. Worse, we were told that we could get to the elevator since we did not want to climb 3 flights of stairs, and the elevator was burried behind a bunch of seated guests so we went through a few more shoulder bumps and elbows as we head toward the elevator. 
Experience grade: C
---------------------------
Scenery: 
The ambience was pretty nice, a calm and romantic lighting with relaxing type of decor....except the center of the dinning room where it was just a single color with no real surrounding decor. Not a big deal, the seats near the window facing rittenhouse park was awesome though.
Experience grade: B
Food:
Food was very good. Calamari and steak are highly recommended! It was probably one of the best steaks I've had in a while. The steak has gone through a 22 day dry aging process...so flavorful and did not require the A1 or steak sauce for that matter!
Experience grade: A
Price:
Even though we enjoyed the food very much, it was overly priced! I have to say that for the two of us, and the typical 3 course meal costs us over $230, not including tip!
Experience grade: C
Biggest Disappointment:  Fabian! Fabian! Fabian! Is all I can say.
I think the biggest disapointment would be the waiter who was assigned to our table. We have no problem with expensive meals, as long as the service was great. However, in this case, it was one of the worse experience ever! If it hadn't been for this waiter, we would have walked away pretty satisfied with the experience, but for that...we will never ever return and would always advise friends of that little nuisance. Our dining experience was nearly sabotaged based on the demeanor of this individual. We wanted to be fair and justify his behavior assuming it was just a bad day for him, but he carried out this behavior with four of the other tables that night. It was very obvious that he did not want to work that night. He was very very very very ABRUPT and spoke in a monotone manner. He also was very rude chuckling at certain guests. 
He also did the typical "check" on the guests, so he would stop by and  we were greeted with a quick dismissive manner.
Fabian:  "How's everything?
Guests: "Go.." (before even finishing the word good, we get cut off and he turns away)
Fabian: Great! 
Aside from this, I'm not going to say much more, you all can see the picture. There are a few more incidents not worth mentioning. 
Conclusion:
Overall.......we would not return, but the steak is the standout of the whole dinning experience. You will expect to pay a lot for a good food, but the waiters will make or break your dining experience. The ambience was decent, nothing out of the norm and typical nightlife type restaurant. The hotel was very nice also.I will say it was very overpriced and it was just OK. I have had better Bone-In Rib-eyes at some Chained Restaurant.  I wanted a Coke but they serve you a small bottle and keep charging you as you ask for more... Bummer and such a rip off.... Parking was not cheap either... $25 at the Hotel/Residence in which Smith & Wollensky is located. If you just have to go there... I would say.... try somewhere else first.I visited S&W last night during restaurant week.
I don't have much to say about the place - it was basically your average traditional upscale steakhouse.  My filet mignon was very good, but certainly not the best or outstanding in any way.  That pretty much describes everything I ate there that evening...the fried calamari (prolly my fave dish of all), green salad, the steak, the asparagus, the cheesecake & even my cosmopolitan.
Very good but not exceptional.
The interior design had you feeling very "enclosed" as well.  Large pillars and walls and various levels separated the booths & tables.  While you had the feeling you were dining in relative privacy the din of the place was awful.  I found myself having to talk very loudly in conversation.  I might expect & accept that at a trendy, young, "cool" Starr establishment, but this place had a decidedly "businessman" feel to it.  I suppose in short, the acoustics were simply not well thought-out.
Hands down, the STRANGEST aspect of the evening was the fact that it seemed like we had 2 (?!) waiters!!  And there were only 2 of us!!  It was very very odd, it felt like a sort of circus routine & I wanted to say something about it, but it was so mind-boggling to myself & my aunt we just let it go on.  One would come and ask us a question & see how we were doing, then *immediately* following the other would come by and say & ask pretty much the EXACT same things.  It was so bizarre (believe me it was more bizarre in person than I'm sure it seems in regards to what you're reading here) I almost started wondering if they were playing some weird trick on us on purpose.Like many, I really wanted to like this place more but I just can't. Maybe it was the high expectations I had going in, all of my friends raved about it, but it was just....meh. It has a gorgeous view of Rittenhouse Sq., the waitstaff was top notch, (attentive, quick, helpful..all the things you expect) but the food was just not up to snuff. As usual, I ordered a fillet and a side dish (probably potato's, that's how memorable it was...I forget what I ordered). I don't think we stayed for dessert. The steak was tender but bland. Would it kill them to put a little bit of salt and pepper on it? They did, but not nearly enough. When I have to add pepper to a steak you either forgot about it or you didn't use enough. That coupled with the fact that they seared the steak just a little too much, it was a bit burnt in some places, that just turned me off to the experience all together. Maybe it was an off night, but it was enough to keep me from recommending them to others. 
It's a shame. I really liked the decor and location. We had a seat by the window so we could look at the park and again, the waitstaff was excellent that night. Wish I could give them more stars, but with the overall meal I had I just can't justify any more than a 3 star rating.Great place to enjoy cocktails and oysters. Came in after a wedding in church next door. Located right in the square. Would love to dine here. A very good date selection.Food and ambiance is amazing.  'But I'm sorry, we came for restaurant week, did we offend you?' is what we should've said to the waitress one of the many times she snickered and even flat out laughed at our table of 4 when requesting the rest. Wk menu, their most reasonably priced bottles of wine or a doggie bag for our meals.  The waitress treated us as if we had never been fine dining before. It is true, we use restaurant week as an opportunity to try places we may not otherwise go due to the economy, but we are by no means ignorant to formal dining.  Our waitress correcting us when tasting the wine or snapping her fingers for our glass of water to refill was tasteless. Will not return.When I was younger, I loved going to steak places like this.  I would crave cutting into a juicy steak with those big steak knives.  But as I get older and have a greater appreciation for my money, I am just not as impressed with these steak places for the amount of money that is spent.
I use to go to S&W in NYC and enjoyed my meals there; probably because it was paid by my work.  I just had dinner here with my wife at her company party.
We were served Beef Wellington, crabcake, lobster on a cracker, caprese and chicken canapes.  All were very tasty.  
For the main meal, I had the Wollensky salad, filet mignon with side servings of mash potatoes and broccoli.  The salad was very tasty, the steak was succulent and the mashed potatoes were creamy and buttery.  The broccoli was steamed - enough said for that.  
For dessert, I had the cheesecake.  I usually don't eat dessert (but it's Christmas time) and the cake was velvety and melted in your mouth - yum.
The service for the party was actually pretty good.  They were attentive filling drinks and served us quickly and politely.
So the question is, "Is it worth the money?"  For a free meal, hell yeah.
When you price out the salad, filet, sides and dessert for $70 (no drinks or apps) plus tip and tax - that is why I give it 3 stars.  It was good, but not great for the money (unless you have it coming out your butt).Another steakhouse... it's a good steakhouse too. Granted, I did not have a steak here, I had a lobster cocktail instead, and it was good. S&W lacks the charm that other places have... I don't really have much to say. Sorry.