In town traveling. So glad the husband and I agreed on BBQ. The setting is great as was our server Katie, very welcoming. The ribs were some of the best I have ever had, the BBQ sauce made it!!!! If we come back to Philly, definitely coming back!Was here last year for happy hour and the bar food was so-so but not great.  A lot of it sounds like it'd be tasty in theory, but the execution was off.  Wings are not that great - could be juicier, tastier. 
I wouldn't recommend the cheesesteak egg rolls.  Bad combo, with skimpy overcooked filling.  Worse than any cheesesteak I've had, and worse than any eggroll I've had.
The space is attractive and comfortable.  Service is fine.The wait staff and food was awesome.  We had a large group of people and everything was served timely and hot.Awesome place. At convention and just stumbled upon it. Gotta try the Betty Burger It was best burger i have ever had! 
Avocado,  white cheddar cheese 1/3 lb beef, pork confit, garlic aioli, on fresh bun
Coleslaw was slightly tangy but has sweet finish...creamy. Great price and good service. Other tablemates had bettys grilled cheese and bbq pork sandwich which were delicious. Lunch for 3 under $40. Great valueWanted to get some brunch as newbie in Philly, we googled this place and went on Sunday. 
Place was really crowded, but it was big so we waited just little. I got egg while omelette and he got the burger. 
My omelette was ok but I probably could make that one. He liked the burger and enjoyed fries too but we never went back there for their burger.  Maybe Philly has too many burger places.Good atmosphere, decent food, but nothing to write home about.
Party for ten on NCAA Saturday night.  The bar had the game on (yay) and we were seated upstairs at a long table with a booth on one side, but it was comfortable.  We waited a while for some rounds of drinks to come out, but the place was pretty busy so perhaps to be expected.  Good beer selection and some fun mixed drinks.  
The portions were pretty enormous... half-chicken came with a ton of other food; the bowl of chili was enormous (topped with delicious and fresh guac and sour cream); side of flourless corn souffle was tiny but aweeeesome; the burger-eaters said they were decent, and the fish taco-eaters were very happy.The Betty Burger met all my cravings - a sizable patty of beef, possibly hand-packed, definitely not the perfectly circular food service patty that some places serve - topped with pork belly (uncured bacon meat), avocado, and a fried egg. My companions had various barbecue dishes and were vet satisfied. The server was knowledgeable about the menu and the beer selection, and brought samples of the beers we were considering (I try to drink local when traveling).We went here for a special event while we were in town for a conference and the staff and food were superb. They designed a (delicious) fixed menu for us with two courses for a group of 24 people. We had a nice upstairs space all to ourselves! The only downside was that the price was a little steep (fixed at $28 per person) and the online options showed slightly cheaper prices. Based on the food, atmosphere, and price I would rate it a solid 4 out of 5 stars.
However, we had the absolute best service and server, Seth, specifically and he alone made this review go from a four to a five. He was kind, gracious, accommodating for picky eaters, polite, and above all HILARIOUS (but not overbearingly / annoyingly so). We felt like we had this professional server with a dose of stand up comedy during dinner. He also stepped in as an amateur photographer and took about 20 group photos for us and kept cracking jokes and keeping us happy. Truly, some of the best service I've ever received and I highly recommend this place for your next big group event near city centerPlus: Great burgers, cool location, good food all together
Minus: Staff is so so, last time the waiter barely came to our table, stood and starred at us and didn't take our order until I just started ordering. He also lied and said we were not allowed to have half sweet potato/half normal fries when I have gotten it several other times.Place was great. I solo ate on a sunday afternoon and had the steak and the blonde beer. overall it was delicious and great while sitting next to the bar.This was my 1st time  having barbeque in Philedelphia and I have to say this place was a great find. I ordered the Ruben Egg rolls and the ribs and it was great. Perfectly sized portions and the ribs were cooked to perfection. It will be a stop on my next visit for sure!Love this place. Great atmosphere and great food. Not too pricey especially for the portions.Been here a few times. The design of the space is really the nicest thing about it. Downstairs can open up when it gets nice out, and the upstairs area is big, good for events, and has nice windows overlooking the street. The draft list is ok, have some decent beers on it, can't really say much more than that. The cocktails look interesting but I'm never that compelled to try them. The happy hour specials don't seem that great to me. The food is pretty good also, had the chicken and broccoli rabe sandwich last time I went which is a lot of food for a low/moderate price.
It's a place though I never can get excited about.One server during brunch?. Host could care less that we waited 30 mins for our check. He stood there with his lil sweater on and did nothing. Server is good, but need more than one during peak timesOverall an amazing night. Great food. Great service. Great dining room. But the most memorable part of the meal was the biscuit!fluffy and moist, so so delicious. I wish I could order an all biscuit dinner. My Italian friend said "that's a nice biscuit". Eat here!My Girlfriend came into town and I wanted to take her to a spot that was different and where people gave good reviews. Well, I'm with Adam on this one. When we got there the place had a cool little vibe until the hostess/waitress showed up and said just pick a seat anywhere. So we sat and brushed it off but we soon got the impression that are waitress probably wanted to go home. Mind you it was only like 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon. She asked us if we wanted to get drinks and we said give us a minute to think it over. To make a long story short she never asked us if we needed drinks again, if we needed anything or anything else to be quite frank. The only times she did speak to us she was quite snappy and irritated. We ordered some of those dry rub wings but they looked like the cook went on break and forgot to take the off the grill. My girlfriend ordered the beef brisket sandwich which was pretty good and I ordered the lamb burger which was pretty bland. The highlight of the whole experience was when another employee came to put up the specials for the evening on the dinning room blackboard. We admired the creativity of the dishes while wishing we came at a different time.One of our favorite places to visit when my family comes into town, since they have "limited" palates, haha. It's a two story restaurant and there are bars on both floors. The staff is great and the food is good. Great barbeque and an excellent beer selection! Definitely worth checking out!We came for the substantial craft beer selection and unique foods.  The sweet potato strings were addictive.  The bread pudding and chocolate cake were mind-blowing.  The cheesesteak springroll was mediocre and terribly overpriced.  The beer selection included many beers we had never seen before, and we had a couple sampler sets, but only one or two were worth drinking, so we were pretty disappointed.  There is much better food and beer around the corner, but this is the place to go for dessert.This is a solid option if you want to go to brunch. We had a big group of people, and they were able to accommodate us with a reservation. There were actually a lot of open tables; I was surprised it wasn't more crowded.
The food was delicious. Everyone at my table loved what they ordered.
They didn't have enough coffee brewed, so we had to wait a while for it to be made. And then they didn't have skim or soy milk to put in it. I was a little surprised and disappointed but the coffee was fine black. I would definite come back here to try more of the items on the menu.Great experience at Smokin Betty's last night! Large menu sure to suit all your needs. The special homemade crab cake appetizer was melt-in-your mouth deliciousness. The Betty Burger was a thing of a beauty. I could barely finish it. 
Great service, fun atmosphere, reasonable prices. Will definitely go back!Eh. Good on the fly, portions are small, that's to he expected in center city. Flavored are a 4 star.My wife had turkey and dressing and it was very good. I had rib and chicken combo and it wasn't. Waitress brought only ribs and when I asked about chicken she first said I didn't order. Then when reminded that we discussed dark or white meat she said they probably brought wrong plate. Asked what I wanted to do about it, clearly meaning didn't I just want to forget it. I said no, ribs are pretty much dried out and inedible so bring me chicken. Assumed dark meat chicken would be less black and dry. I was wrong! Did not eat chicken or more than 2 ribs. Gross. Also, wife had to ask for drink refill and then when it came it was wrong drink. Sent it back but she never brought another. So, 1 star is generous.Great atmosphere, delicious food, casual dress, best bread pudding ever. Service was perfect.They've got some decent happy hour snacks and drinks! Mon-Fri 5-7pm.  I've been to Smokin' Betty's for beers, for dinner, and for a 90's-themed party they had back in October.  Every time I've been, I've had a good time.  Service is friendly and attentive, and the food and beer is good.  Yay :-)Great spot for getting together with friends. We had the Betty Burger, spicy chicken sandwich and the Cobb salad.  We finished with the chocolate cake for dessert.  Everything was delicious .  They also have a good selection of beers.The WORST place ever! I'm going to sum this up real quick. Not busy, no service, only water provided within the first 10-15 minutes of being seated. Unfortunately they lost a great customer and awesome tips. On to the next one.Good southern bbq and comfort foods in center city Philly. In an area with a variety of International cuisine, Smokin Betty gives a great choice in some old fashioned American fare.Servers were all extremely friendly and informative.  It was lunch time so she was hungry and rattling off alllll her favs!
Definitely try the riblets for a lunch appetite with the veggie chili including guacamole and sour cream!
delish :-)Ate brunch here before the holidays right after they opened one day. I had a delicious Cobb salad, my best friend had Eggs Benedict - as always. My salad was definitely worth having again and the eggs got a good review. Our significant others did not fair so well - a botched order for one and some halfway decent sliders for the other. Our waiter was not very helpful and didn't know the specials. We asked about the waffle of the day and were told it's "probably banana pecan". Probably? Ok. We ordered a stuffed French toast as a shared dessert and it was meh. Coffee tasted burnt. Overall, I wouldn't eat here again.Great little non-traditional bbq spot in Philly. Nice beer list and GREAT Happy Hour specials.I went to Smokin Betty's for a happy hour. My friends and I ware a happy bunch. My party took a while to be seated and I didn't feel rushed. The selection of drinks and food is very good. I liked that I didn't feel crowded. We were a party of 10. Weeks later my friends are still speaking about Smokin Betty's. I will be back.Food is extremely average. The best thing I had was bread pudding and I wish it came with ice cream instead of being charged 2.00 for one scoop that was small enough for a toddler. 
I had the pulled pork and my boyfriend had the chicken and ribs. Both were something that uou can easily get at a Boston market. Just priced higher. 
Service was good and ambience was good too.Went here for a friend's birthday. First impressions were definitely good as the staff was friendly. The atmosphere was fun and energetic. I requested that they put on the Flyers vs. Devils game and they had no issues with that. We killed time at the bar while we waited for the rest of the group to come. Choice of beers and spirits wasn't extensive but good nonetheless. 
Literally everything was fine until the food came out. 
I never had such bland unappetizing fish tacos before. It sounded great on paper but sucked in execution. Two of us at the table got them and we both barely wanted to finish our plates. My fiance got the turkey burger and she said that was also underseasoned and lacked any kind of flavor. 
This place isn't crazy expensive by foody standards but it aint McDonald's either. Maybe it was an off night? If it was, I still wouldn't recommend going here since you don't know what you'll be getting.
On the plus side, Mayer Nutter walked in and said hi to me. That was interesting to see him out on a Friday night like a normal person.I feel a bit schizo for updating this review so many times, but I had a brunch experience so bad that it has to lose a star!  On Mother's Day, our brunch started with being shuttled into the bar because we didn't have a reservation, though the restaurant was empty when we got there and empty when we left.  Christmas music played through the first half of our meal (because "that's what was playing on the jazz station") in spite of repeated requests to have it changed.  The food for each of our four diners arrived at different times.  The pancakes arrived without either the "fresh honey butter" or "special syrup", and upon request the pancake eater was presented with a single pat of Land O Lakes, and a paper cup of Aunt Jemima.  Two grilled cheese sandwiches with fontina, prosciutto and fig jam arrived in similarly soggy and overgreased states.  However, one of them somehow merited and extra $2 charge on our bill.
It was just not good.  I will not go back here for brunch, and you should not either.Number one maximum sliders!  Good deal at 8 dollars for three!  Very tasty and variety!Best brunch I've ever had.
Stumbling upon this place mid heavy rain shower, it turned out to be a very lucky find.  The place was cosy, the music was cool, the service was excellent and above all the brunch menu was both innovative and delicious.  
And for the not so innovative dish; the standard American breakfast; it cost a mere $7.95.   Amazing deal for a place as nice as this.
Also try the drinks here - had a warm coffee, butter scotch and baileys irish cream drink.   Perfect for a rainy day.HAPPY HOUR: This is a great go-to spot for Happy Hour. $2 Yuenglings and great draft beers. I'm a cocktail drinker and enjoy their specialty cocktails and unique seasonal sangrias.  Their apps for Happy Hour range from $3- $5 and are well worth it.  The portions are big and the quality is decent.  I like their Veggie Quesadillas although the chef could cut down a bit on the onions. I also really enjoy their Cheesesteak Spring Rolls and fun ketchupy sauce they are served with.  The BBQ chicken pizza was OK but again too many onions (I think the cook loves onions.  All in all a great deal for happy hour. We spent $20 + tip for 2 beer, 1 cocktail, and 3 apps... we were full and didn't even need dinner!
RESTAURANT WEEK: I also came here for restaurant week before and have to say is was the best bargain for your money and the food quality was excellent!  I had the short ribs and had plenty leftover for lunch and dinner the next day. 
LUNCH: I've been here for lunch twice and really enjoyed myself.  The service was great and the sandwiches I got were delicious!  Great atmosphere too!
CC SIPS: I've been here once for CC Sips and you can't beat the apps! The drinks are great too as they do a great job of offering summery drinks that are delicious and refreshing. The bartenders aren't bad looking either... I'm just saying....
All in all a good consistent neighborhood spot. Not a 5 but definitely a 4 :-)Their Saturday brunch is amazing. Since it was slow, we picked a table right near the window and sat back to enjoy our meal. My friend and I split the grilled cheese w/fig jam and the turkey sandwich. I was a little nervous about the grilled cheese but this is a culinary masterpiece! It was a party in my mouth! The hostess/server was extremely friendly and the prices were very reasonable.I finally made it out to Smokin' Betty's a couple weekends ago with a party of three. Two of us arrived first and were informed of their strict full-party-before-seating rule. 
As such, we shuffled over to the bar and ordered a couple cocktails while we waited. The bartender wasn't overly friendly or apparently enthused about his occupation (actually not sure that he even muttered a single word to us?) but he delivered on the drinks. I had the Pink Bogart -- a girly gin-based conconction served in a martini glass that didn't taste much like gin. It might just be the highlight of my visit. My friend also enjoyed her drink, of which I cannot recall the name.
Later, once seated (downstairs), we all generally enjoyed our food. I ordered the barbecue sliders trio and a side of mac and cheese. I wouldn't say that any of the dishes were exceptionally exciting in an "I must go back ASAP and eat ________ again right now because it was the best ever!" type of way. But, it was a perfunctory meal. I'd make a return trip if in CC and at a loss for another option.On a business trip to Philly we found this place after being turned away from another for no reservation.  What luck.  The food is wonderful and the service is outstanding.  Our table had the Turduckin burger, the chili, the salmon, and a variety of appetizers.  Definitely recommended.Every time I go to Smokin' Betty's I promise myself I'll never return.  The service is abysmal -- slow with an empty restaurant.  The servers are by in large moody and act as though you are inflicting a huge burden on them by trying to get their attention, or a cup of coffee.  I also find it maddening that they give you such a hard time about making substitutions, namely to the 'Betty Burger.'  I don't eat pork, but don't dare ask for it without the pork belly.  The year is 2015 and they really need to offer non-pork breakfast meat selections.  There are far better establishments with excellent food, service, and efficiency.  Don't go to Betty's.Someone in the kitchen is very creative and had some really amazing dishes. However, I assume because it was restaurant week, execution was a little off. Green Eggs & Ham = inspired! Especially pickled honeydew melon(?) gave just enough acidity to cut the unctuous pork belly ('ham'). Bison sliders had a nice smokiness, Calamari 'noodles' quite good as well. Mango chipotle chicken, pretty good (not great) idea - chicken breast was a bit dry, and (canned?) jalapeños (not chipotles) didn't match well. Bad news: the cheese whiz potato gratin was burnt on top, to the point I could smell it (with a cold!). Waiter brought back a slightly less burnt one, but the bottom was dry, and he left before checking to make sure it was okay. Really, it looked 10% better than the first attempt. Not worth sending back twice - it was probably cooked in a big pan, and end of the night probably didn't have another handy. He should have explained, in any case. Didn't finish it but I would go back. Still, why do places turn off quality control during restaurant week when they should be showing new customers why we should come back?
Hoping to upgrade to 4*s next time I go (not during Restaurant Week, thank you very much).
Oh, forgot to mention, cool cocktails! Pretty happening bar. That block is fast food chains + local pizzerias/sandwiches, but you feel like you're at 13th & Sansom instead of 11th! Worth the walk from the residential part of CC. Also, price/quantity/quality ratio was there (I checked out the normal menu).When on my way to this Southern BBQ joint, I was excited to start the night off with some fine Southern spirit, either bourbon or whiskey. However, the cocktail menu was short and didn't include anything remotely Southern spirit-like. Its totally cool to have pomegranate martinis on your menu but if you are modeling yourself after the South you have to have at least a few authentic Southern specialty cocktails to offer. For appetizers, we ordered the BBQ sliders which were ok. The amount of sauce poured on them overwhelmed the actual taste of the meat. It was as if I took a BBQ sauce bottle and just poured it in my mouth. My entree was the pulled chicken sandwich. Part of the chicken was cold, the other part bland. No reason to come back here.My bf and I were really in the mood for BBQ, and a friend had previously suggested this place, so we were eager to check it out! I ordered the BBQ ribs and he got the BBQ combo ( which is chicken, your choice of light or dark meat, and 3 ribs). They were SO GOOOOOD! The meat fell off the bone, and I really liked the BBQ sauce. It wasn't too sweet, which I highly dislike, and it had some heat/spice to it as well. Really good. 
There is outdoor/sidewalk seating for those who want to enjoy their food outdoors, and then there is a small bar and indoor seating as well. The decor is really cute and cozy. I'll definitely be back in the future to try other items! (fyi: Their burgers and salads all looked amazing and HUGE!)I went here for brunch recently and came away with mixed feelings. I had the open faced omelet which was good, but slightly overpriced at $10. My companion had the sliders which were outstanding, and cost less than omelet at $8. The verdict: I would go again, but would skip the brunch items. If you are interested in a traditional brunch (eggs, pancakes, etc) there are other places that do it better.I am going to refrain from writing a long winded yelp and focus on the main issues: food, service and decor. 
Food- WE LOVED WHAT WE HAD, and look forward to getting the wings, which are bound to be delicious. The ribs lacked smoke flavor, but the rub and BBQ sauce combo was a truly tasty treat. The chopped salad was packed full of flavor and goodies-- especially the super crispy bacon crumbles and blue cheese. The mac and cheese was one of the best in the city, and we are mac and cheese critics for sure! It was a creamy Gouda masterpiece. The BBQ chicken- once again rubbed and sauced- was excellent but again we're not sure if it was truly smoked. Although they claim they smoke some items overnight, there was no true smokiness. Their biscuits were toasty and crumbly on the outside and moist on the inside, yet lacking a bit of buttery flavor; they were certainly not a disappointment. Honestly, people talk about great BBQ places around the city, but this place is really great, and we will definitely be going back, especially for some grilled tasty wings. The Curious Georgia was an interesting beer-cocktail.
Service- It was nothing to complain about from our end. We ate downstairs for a late lunch where there was not a huge crowd, but we did see people going upstairs to dine. We'll check it out. 
Decor- The place is tastefully decorated and comfortable. We were delighted to become acquainted with this place. We will definitely go back, and if we have any problems on our next venture, we will be sure to yelp loudly! 
Overall we were tickled and I let my friend the Smoke Master ( of the old school Smoked Joint) know that he needs to go there and check it out. Flavors everywhere, decent pricing, and an overall welcoming and tasteful place sums it up. Go and enjoy.I want to give this place a higher rating but find myself hesitant to, it is solid 3.5 at least. The decor is minimal and sleek. The place is pretty well lit with dark woods and accents in the upstairs making it feel warm and inviting. The service was awesome, I wish I remembered her name because she served our rather large group with no problem and then split up the bill by individual like a pro. 
Now what makes me downgrade you ask, well the food is good but I just don't feel it is a value for the price. Their beet and arugula salad was nice, the dressing was light and tangy which helped off-set the sweetness of the beets. The should have opted to throw a little goat cheese in the mix instead of putting onion crispy springs on top. The cheese steak egg roll was nothing exciting or new, I was told by others in the group that it had a spicy kick to it but I was not getting it. Maybe I am too desensitized to spicy things since I brush my teeth with Sriracha sauce. I also got the Betty burger which was very large in size and had some nice flavor to it. My problem was that I asked for it to be cooked well done and it was very pink and cold in the center. So I left 3/4 of it on my plate. The onion rings were standard and the fries were even less impressive. 
Anyhoo the drinks were mediocre and once again were highly over priced - $4 was a little much for a champagne flute of light ale mixed with peach schnapps with a slice of peach floating in it (thus taking up about 1/3 of the glass so I am paying for even less drink by volume)... and it was on special for 1/2 off. So for price versus value on the meal it left me lacking... mostly in the wallet area.Heard some decent reviews about this place so I went here for lunch today. I ordered the Betty burger, while my sister got the Tur-Duck-En burger. We opted to get the $4 bucket of fries, & the side of macaroni & cheese (which the waitress suggested). The food came fairly quickly. The Betty burger was huge.  a 1/2 pound sirloin burger, confit pork belly, guacamole, cheddar cheese, lettuce, roasted garlic aioli & fried egg. Cooked medium rare, the burger was hard to eat but so worth it.
My sister's Tur-Duck-en burger seemed pretty good too. Stuffed with homemade stuffing, southern style gravy, & a side of homemade cranberry sauce. She seemed to really enjoy it.
The fries were lack luster, and the macaroni & cheese was standard. The waitress was friendly, but didn't bother to refill our cups with water. The menu seems similar to Devil's Alley but in all a positive first experience.I'm vegetarian and LOVED the veggie burger that marmalade Ooooo Good stuff everything was great except we had a huge fan blowing at our table so random we asked if they could move it and she (our waitress) moved it an inch over which made absolutely no difference aside from that everything was delish good beer selection too I love places that carry allagash beer! Would return!Went here for brunch, today.  It was surprisingly good!  Went around 12 and there was no wait - that's always a plus when going for brunch.  I ordered the smoked salmon with sweet potatoes... delicious.  The only thing keeping this from a 4 star review is the service; although I'm stereotypically impatient, this place is painstakingly slow.  Overall, great meal!
Oh, this time, the waitress was really nice.  : )So, here's the skinny. I think Smokin' Betty's is a victim of some mixed advertising. Some of the reviews below, by self-titled foodies and snobs, sound as if they were expecting a gourmet experience in Center City. I realize that this place markets itself as a barbecue place, but as a former North Carolina resident and all-around bbq lover, I try not to judge a place based on its barbecue (especially north of the Mason-Dixon). No offense intended, Yanks. 
However, give this place a shot. Smokin' Betty's gave me the single best buffalo chicken sandwich I have ever eaten. Real strips of fried chicken doused in buffalo sauce then with ranch pouring out between toasted buns. Not for the faint of heart, my friends. They can customize spice-level and are very flexible with most menu items. The drinks are decent, but nothing to write home about. I had a hot cider with caramel vodka, which was fine, but probably not worth the price. 
The service is great, the vibe is fun but nothing too original unfortunately. It's a competitive business, designing a restaurant. The Vetri's and the Vez's will always take the awards, but Smokin' Betty's is nice enough. Just let the food do the talking, and apparently, the bbq isn't the highlight. I'll try it next time and give an update - for all my invested readers (joke). 
The customers of Betty's is something strange, a balance betwen suits on their lunch break and sleeve-tattooed bike delivery agents, all stopping in for a quick sandwich. The music reflects the amalgamation, alternating in a bi-polar fashion between soft rock and mellow house music. All around, the aesthetic isn't what draws a crowd. It's the niche foodstuffs: the buffalo chicken and other lunch-menu favorites. It's not an entree place, in my opinion, so go grab a casual, good meal. Might be a nice, casual date place as well.A tad too noisy, but their comfort southern-style burgers were just what was needed. Turkey stuffing in a burger. Who'd have thought? Delicious.Good service, decent food... got the beef cheesesteak egg rolls which were delicious. For the entree, I went with the tur-duck-en burger which I've wanted to try for a while after seeing   Food Network's "Outrageous Food"... The turducken is basically a Thanksgiving meal converted into a burger  - homemade stuffing, southern gravy, homemade cranberry sauce and sweet potato ribbons. The patty itself is made with chicken, duck, and turkey.  It was good, but somehow underwhelming as if something was missing... I can't really put my finger on it - perhaps with everything that comes with it, it masks what the true star should be which is the patty itself.Terrible food and customer service. I ordered a pulled chicken sandwich with fries. I was so excited to receive the sandwich I tried it in front of the waiter. The chicken was overcooked and lacking in flavor. I requested to exchange the chicken sandwich for a turkey sandwich since I hadn't bitten the sandwich just tasted it with my fork. The waiter took the sandwich back to the kitchen and returned with it in hand. He stated that the chef and kitchen staff tasted the chicken and it was fine and that I could order a turkey sandwich but would be paying for two sandwiches. My response was no thank you and that I would rather take it home to the family dog or toss it at home. Since the sandwich taste so "great" to the chef and staff would hate to think I'm paying for them to eat my trash! My friend ordered half a grilled chicken that was undercooked and bleeding once she cut near the bone. The waiter took the chicken back to the kitchen for the chef to place it back on the grill. I'm sure heat kills germs but would hate to think someone's fresh piece of chicken is being cooked next to a piece that has been forked over. Overall would have kept walking if I .knew it would be such a bad experience. Would have had a way better meal from Reading Terminal a few blocks way.Wasn't bad bbq simple food not overly seasoned food.I would go again for happy hour small but very cute place in the heart of the city .Love this place! Very cool atmosphere, good food and drink selections. I've been here a few times and would definitely go back.What started out for the search of a good burger and sweet potato fries for my wife, made a bit of a turn when we decided to have a Labor Day BBQ the next day. I was not feeling back to back burger meals, but my wife really wanted sweet potato fries and Smokin' Betty's which was on my short list had a lot of options other than burgers. So, it was on. Perhaps, one of the best decisions ever.
At the center of my meal was the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. It was pass out faint on the ground and fan me back to conscious good. Hands down, the best buffalo chicken sandwich I have ever allowed to touch my belly. This is serious! The bacon was perfect. The blue cheese was just right. The chicken was battered and fried to perfection. And whatever this other cheese was that they melted on it, pure gold. The buffalo sauce was tasty. And, the bun was everything I want in a bun, whatever that means. Okay, maybe I'm getting carried away on the bun, but the rest was so good that it amounts to this train of thinking.
My wife got the Tur-duck-en Burger. Who thought this up? A genius, that's who. It's a turkey/duck/chicken burger. And it's loaded a-la Thanksgiving with stuffing, gravy, cranberry sauce & sweet potato ribbons. I mean, oh lord, I might faint, again! Soooo, gooood.
The sweet potato fries were the awesome. Nice, sweet, and crispy. The mac n cheese was tasty. Great consistency and some bread crumbs to boot. The potato latkes reminded me of the good ole times at my Jewish grandma's house. The baked beans were different, more of the pinto bean variety, but pretty good none-the-less.
The free refill lemonades were also very nice. The service was good and quick. Nice space as well. But honestly, I hardly remember the small details. Since leaving, all I can do is dream about a reunion with the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.Travelling through working and this is a Lovely looking restaurant. However, food came out rather slow and cold. Wine was expensive for the very small 125ml given ($9) . Fries portion size was good. Nothing too rave about, just okay food, I've had better else where. I then found out I was charged on my credit card for the full bill, when it was part cash too. I went in the day after to get it sorted and they were more than happy to help.
The service was fantastic, couldn't put a fault on that!My friend brought me here after looking up for suggestions of good food after our own tour or Philly in the area.  We came on a week night and in time for Happy Hour.  We started off the night with a Happy Hour quesadilla, a cute small dish to whet our appetites before moving onto our Betty Burger and BBQ dishes. What an undertaking. I have to say, portions are nice and flavor was totally there.  We loved every bite of our dishes and still managed to order a pumpkin and chocolate bread pudding to finish up the night and carry ourselves out of the restaurant. 
I read a review about poor service but the guy who helped us out was really great; checked up on us at the right times and gave good suggestions along the way.  
Overall great experience and food. Definitely will come back when I'm in the area!When am I going to learn?!?! 
A friend once told me not to go to a restaurant to try their Restaurant Week menu because often times the food seems mass produced. Makes sense... and it really seemed that way last night.
I went to SB with my wife last night for Restaurant Week. We were both really excited because we checked out the menu beforehand. On paper, it seemed so promising. Upon arriving, I really dug the vibe... modern, but not too pretentious... not too noisy with the right amount of background noise. 
Here's what I got:
1st course... Oyster Po'boy Sliders... really did nothing for me at all. It felt like I was eating mini Big Macs with a leaner meat. It didn't taste bad at all... just had nothing to really make it stand out.
2nd course... Fried Green Tomato salad... again, did nothing for me at all. The salad and side dressing had no flavor at all. Come to think of it... the fried tomato seemed to not really have any flavor at all.
3rd course... Beef Short Rib with creamy polenta, broccolini with roasted mushroom jus... ok, this was awesome. It was hearty, comforting and delicious. The short rib was as it should be, so tender you could cut it with your fork, Good stuff...
4th course... Chocolate Dipped bacon with Caramel corn... this was probably the biggest disappointment of the night. What we got was definitely not what we thought we were going to get. I thought it would be more refined, but it was literally bacon dipped in chocolate over caramel corn. I thought it would at least be chocolate covered bacon crushed up and sprinkled over caramel corn... nope... just my preference though.
As for our waiter... I don't even remember his name. I don't even know if he told it to us. A lot of the time, there would be an empty glass on the table and I'd have to flag him down to ask him for something. He was nice, but didn't seem overly attentive. 
With all of the hundreds of restaurants in the area, I won't be going back to SB. I didn't have anything that made me want to go back. On the plus side, my wife really enjoyed her meal. Me, not so much!!!Here's why my first visit will be my only visit. I knew from the ambiance of this place that the food was going to be cost cut and that there would be a less than fresh ingredients used, but I was not prepared for lies and deceit.
I was really looking forward to smoked chicken and I asked the waiter if there was smoked chicken on the menu. He said yes, and I asked to confirm that that was actually smoked chicken. He reassured me and I told him I would hold him to it. I only asked because of the aforementioned ambiance. I got the mac and cheese and the mashed potatoes as a side. Those were good. When the food came, I was impressed by the crispiness of the skin and tore off the wing to eat it. It was clear that this was not smoked chicken at all. It was overcooked. How do you overcook smoked chicken? I cut into the breast of the chicken and it was stringy, dry, and flavorless. And then it occurred to me that this chicken was never smoked, these people FRIED IT and then grilled it and then had the audacity to serve me this ridiculous excuse for smoked chicken. I told the waiter that this was the case, he took the plate (left my sides) and removed it from the bill. The right thing to do. I was rather bothered by this and did not order anything else off the menu and ate my sides.
So be careful what your order here. (The ribs are probably days old that they mask the flavor with the sauces and rubs, the beets are probably from a can, the smoked chicken is fried chicken, the egg rolls are probably mass distributed and on and on). They won't be honest with you here so spend your money elsewhere.Food was great! Big portions- we got the cheesesteak eggrolls and riblets as appetizers, and I have the Betty burger for my meal. I would recommend getting the sweet potato fries, as they were nice and crunchy (rare for sweet potatoes).I found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try on a Friday night with my friends. I made a reservation, which was a smart decision because the place was crowded and I think there was a waiting time when we got there. Service was very good and food was delicious. Thumbs up for the cheeseteak egrolls! We tried different meats and everything had a very nice and authentic bbq flavor to it. I was surprised because I am used to bbq places being less formal and this place is nice and the food is still amazing. I loved the sangria as well. Will definitely go back!I was there this past weekend with my fiance. He got the ribs, which came with french fries. I got the Caesar salad with chicken and some potato latkes. 
Initially, I had asked for a cherry coke, no ice because that's what I always order to drink. They said they had no cherry coke. I'm like, hello? You have a full bar? Don't you have Grenadine... but I decided to drop it, and just drink plain coke.
Then the food came out. My salad had several brown leaves of lettuce. The chicken just looked like boiled chicken that had absolutely no flavor whatsoever. I guess if you just wanted protein of some sort, it would've been okay, but if you wanted flavor, you were shit out of luck. There was also hardly any salad dressing on the salad. The potato latkes were burnt and tasteless.
My fiance's ribs, he said, were good. The fries, however, were caked in grease.
The prices were kind of meh. If the salad would've cost more, I'd be much more pissed. 
Also, considering this was about 5pm on a Saturday and there were only 2 other tables, kind of raises a red flag. 
Most likely won't be coming back.Hands down the best bbq pulled pork sandwich I have ever had. They also have really great specialty drinks that were a lot of fun trying. My boyfriend and I love coming here whenever we are looking for a place to eat in the city. I would highly recommend it to anyone!Boyfriend took me here for Restaurant Week but of course, we ended up not ordering from the Prefix Menu. We got cheesesteak egg rolls as an app. Delish! But you don't get that many. I got the Betty Burger with fries. So flavorful and made perfectly. I also got a side of cornbread with some delicious homemade butter they have, YUM-MY!!! The boyfriend got ribs/chicken platter. So good! And so much food! Very happy with this place! I came back another time for Center City Sips... it was crowded so we went upstairs. It was so hot,uncomfortable, and the service sucked. My girlfriends were disappointed since I talked this place up so much.Great spot for brunch. I went recently with a big group of friends and we all had a great time. Their cocktail list is fantastic! I suggest 'The French' 
The french fries are so worth the extra calories. I got them as a side to my California Turkey Sandwich. The sandwich was large and very filling. I also tried a bit of my friend's Tur-Duck-En Burger and that is delicous too! 
It's also very reasonably priced compared to other spots in the neighborhood.I really like this place. As a veggie burger connoisseur, I have to say theirs is one of the best in Philly. I honestly have never gotten anything else off the menu, and I've probably been here five or six times. During SIPS they had good drinks, and the atmosphere is nice. There's a lot maybe a block away on Sansom if you can't find street parking.Pros: The Betty Burger was really REALLY good! It will clog your arteries, but sometimes it's worth the risk.
Cons: The service was so-so. And the restrooms were dirty.3.5 stars!
I wasn't super hungry but I didn't want a salad and couldn't decide between the sandwiches, so I got the BBQ sliders -- beef brisket, pulled pork and pulled chicken. All three were tasty, but the brisket was my favorite by far. Texture was perfect and I wish I had more! The coleslaw that came with it was good, nothing too special. The presentation though...el oh el. Let's just say that it left a lot to be desired. The restaurant itself is really nice, bright and spacious, so this plate of sloppily presented sliders and coleslaw just looked out of place, almost like it had escaped a middle school cafeteria. But other than that, food and service were both pretty good. 
My friend got the Betty burger which looked pretty amazing, I'll probably get that (or the tur-duck-en burger which people talk about) if I come back.This place has one of the top 5 burgers I have ever had.  It's a non traditional burger, so keep your mind open.  It's not even beef.  Can you say Turducken?  It was amazing.  I have gone back so many times.
I have also done brunch here quite often.  It is must.  Try the french toast and they also have a cool spin on a mimosa that is delicious.  
It's also just a great place to grab drinks with friends.  They have a good variety of local beers that seem to rotate.Went to Smokin Bettys this afternoon for lunch with some co-workers. As I entered, I was pleased by the set up and decor- i'm always a fan of modern, hardwood, exposed wood- etc. We were seated upstairs. They had a nice bar set up and some flat screens- I wasn't really feeling the view I had from the side of the booth I was sititng- it looked to a warn down pink building on the other side of Samson- made me feel like I was looking out to somewhere in Mexico or something.
Since I'm trying to stick with my new years resolution- I only ordered the house salad with grilled chicken- It was good- nothing out of the norm for a house salad. Friends of mine had the pork sliders- they looked good and they both enjoyed them. Some other selections were the Turkey and apple chilli and baby ribs- Everything was enjoyed by the table. They had a nice variety of drinks on their menu- unique beer choices and fun fruity drink concoctions. I was boring and just went with some wine. 
Overall, I'd  go back- they had a nice atmosphere and crowd there and the food choices could satisfy anyone.Betty Burger was to die for! Best burger I've ever had, melts in your mouth. Brisket was not as good but burger was awesome:)Most of the food was excellent! However, the management was rude with poor customer service support. I would not recommend this establishment.I went into smokin bettys today with my boyfriend. We were disappointed in the service and the food. We waited a long time for our food to come out and when it did come out we were not impressed. Really sad because we thought the menu had a lot of great options.So don't take me wrong, the food is good but the service when they are busy or "frustrated " don't know how to handle it !!! Like our waiter rolled his eyes to us???? Like really oh I'm sorry your system is down but do I have to pay for it !!!!! Yes I am going to tip cuz I want to come back , I would try to sit at the bar so I don't have to deal with these shitty service .... customer service one /one : it no matter what's going on you acknowledge the customers/ client perception . Trouble: consolidation.... andI've lived in or near the city for over a decade and have visited Smokin' Betty's every now and then during that time. It was always an experience worthy of 3 or 4 stars out of 5. This weekend, we visited with some out-of-town guests that comprised an 11-person dinner party, and we made a reservation for 6pm on Friday. 
First and foremost, Smokin' Betty's is the most invasive, overly involved restaurant EVER when it comes to reservations. Using OpenTable, I had to give them my credit card to hold our spot, received two "reminder" emails in the 6 days between when I made the reservation and when we actually showed up, and I received a phone call the day of our reservation to remind that, in fact, I had one. I'm not sure why this restaurant is so overly involved in the reservation process, and I found it quite annoying beforehand. But whatever, we decided to ignore this and go enjoy our meal anyway.
Upon arrival, 8 of our 11 guests showed up while the other 3 were running about 10 minutes late due to traffic. Typical Schuylkill Expressway nonsense. Anyone from the area would understand, but not the hostesses at Smokin' Betty's! Instead, they insisted that we could not be seated without our full party and that our group of 8 also could not linger in the front waiting area until the party arrived. They were happy, however, to escort us to their bar so we could order drinks while we waited. So, to review, Smokin' Betty's does not allow a partial group to sit in chairs at a table before the whole group is there, but they are permitted to sit in chairs at the bar. Okay, so that's RIDICULOUS.
After having some, let's say, terse words with the two hostesses, we were escorted to our table despite their rigid reservation policy. Despite their insistence that they "could not even prepare the table before all of the guests arrive," they just so happened to have an 11-person table ready to go on the second floor. Isn't that interesting? 
It's also worth noting that the "full group" policy itself was enforced by two of the rudest, snootiest hostesses I've ever encountered. You'd think they were working at a swanky Rittenhouse restaurant instead of a divey gayborhood place with weak drinks and mediocre food.
Oh, did I mention the drinks and food? While I've never had a complaint about either thing here in the past, our happy hour drinks were weak and watery (too much ice!) and our entrees were a solid C-. One member of our party got a house salad warmer than room temperature; another got pulled pork with approximately zero BBQ sauce; others got undercooked fries with their meal. Service was so slow, despite quite a few empty tables, that it took us over 2.5 hours to get our entrees and a drink. Our waiter wasn't just inattentive, he was a ghost. So disappointing.
Given the positive experiences that I've had here in the past, this visit to Smokin' Betty's was absolutely appalling and infuriating. I've never experienced such rude people, from the front desk to the second-floor seating, and I've never been so disappointed in what I ordered off the menu. I was embarrassed to bring our out-of-town guests here, apologized several times for the subpar experience in an otherwise phenomenal city, and definitely will not be returning again in the future.This place was not very good- a disappointment.
Came here for Sunday brunch (which is a decidedly different experience at most restaurants than their normal operation).
Service was quite slow.  They were busy, but not jammed, and in spite of that we were ignored for quite a while after being seated.  I almost tackled the backwaiter to force him to summon our server.  Finally she appeared, and we were able to order. 
The Bloody Mary I got was very different from those described by the other reviewers: bland and watery.  It tasted like tomato juice with a splash of clamato. 
The eggs Benedict were serviceable without being noteworthy; they were accompanied not with hash browns or breakfast potatoes, but with a kind of homemade potato chip that was wretched: alternatingly burnt and mushy. 
My friends' orders (the sliders and breakfast burrito) were dull but edible. 
I would try this place again to see if we just got unlucky, but can't recommend it based on this experience.We went for restaurant week Jan 2017 and the food was mediocre at best. Also, I asked for the kitchen to omit the sour cream topping on a chili dish and they made it a big deal and inconvenience stating that because it was restaurant week I couldn't make any changes to my item. I could see if I was asking for an addition to my dish but I was asking them to leave off a garnish. To me that was a horrible first impression.Pleasantly surprised here. A friend suggested eating at Smokin' Betty's when I have two nickels and a ball of lint in my pocket. I ended up having a great time and ordered the house chili, a very delicious and fairly affordable meal. With tip I paid about $7 for great service and a good, good chili.
I'd like to come back to try their sliders but I don't know if I will seek Smokin' Betty's in the future, but at least I can give it props when I walk by.