their pizza is good, it's definitely going for ny style, but the people who work there are pretty rude.  i just remembered that last night one of the guys working there practically shoved me out the door and i wasn't even allowed to put hot pepper flakes on my pizza at the 2am rush.  really?Two things I've missed over my past 8 years in PA, pork roll and good pizza.  I'm not going to lie, I've only been here once, but those chicken slices I consumed last night were the best two slices of pizza I've had in PA.  Almost all buffalo chicken pizza is good, but this had everything done right, most importantly the dough.  The crust on this was the perfect thickness, had good flavor, and the right amount of crunch, which is one of the biggest issues I usually have with PA pizzas.   I'll also admit I was intoxicated, so if I'm completely off base, that's why.  But I don't think I am.
PS- they will bounce you right out of there late night.  My friend got tossed for leaning on the counter hahaI feel like this place gets a lot of business due to proximity to crowded Old City bars. I've had a couple meetings in Old City and gave in to grabbing a slice here. I appreciate the variety and toppings they have. But while it's not the worst pizza, it definitely seems like a waste sometimes. Meh.this is my go-to spot for pizza in my hood.  great for a quick lunch.  perfect for soaking up a night's worth of alcohol to mitigate the damage on my liver.  and yet even better for getting a large pie delivered to my apartment on super lazy days (being that i live two block away).  
new york style pies, foldable with a garlicky crust with just enough grease. i love the hawaiian and the barbecue chicken.  my only real gripe is that the menu lists the names of the pizzas (ie. italian market, soho favorite, philly favorite, and old city) but fails to describe what's actually on them.  so everytime i order, i spend 10 minutes getting a run down of the toppings on each pie. anyways, kudos to them for always letting me order custom pies that are half one topping and half something else.I raved(ish) about Gianfranco's earlier this week but little did I know that just around the corner was a pizza that was in another league altogether. Not only does SOHO serve a top notch slice but it's a much better place to hang out, whether that's inside listening to some pretty good music or at the pavement tables outside.
If it's as hit and miss as people say here on Yelp! then I must have got lucky on my one visit. The pizza was a slightly thicker crust than I usually like but managed to be both crispy and chewy at the same time. I tried three different slices and each was full of flavor with the fresh tasting toppings not overpowered by the cheese and sauce. It's a four star pizza with an extra star for the friendly service.Yes...this really is the best Pizza in Old City...and in Philly...and, probably the world.  If pizza were just a tad healthier, I'd have a slice every day!   It seems the pizza by slice is better than ordering a whole pie to go...maybe it's the re-heat that makes it so damn good!   As others say...the buffalo chicken is amazing (I almost cry when I go in, and the person in front of me orders the last slice!)...and the hawaiian is good too. Mack & Manco's crap doesn't even compare to this.  My favorite plan is to grab a slice at Soho, a sandwich at Campo's, and then dessert at the Franklin Fountain (all are inside about 50 yards of travel).  Good Eats!I'd have to give this place 5 stars in terms of it's taste. This pizza is the best thing ever after a night of drinking! 
I went to tophat with a few friends for a birthday, and when 2 am hit we were all standing around drunk, trying to find a place to sober up. This is where you need to go! It's just across the street and down the block, a very short walk.
I ordered the Buffalo Chicken.  Let me tell you why I like it so much: every bite crunched in my mouth. Literally a crunch crunch crunch all the way through! It wasn't your typical soggy-drenched-in-oil drunk time pizza.
Only downside is that it's a very VERY small place with virtually nowhere to sit, or even stand eating. Late at night a man at the door announces "take out only, alright guys? take out only" to warn you. It looks to me there is no choice but to take out anyways, sir.
Also, it costs a little over $3 a pizza i believe, but if you just came from happy hour at tophat, you won't notice nor care what the price is. Ha Ha.Stay away from this place!! They'll rip you off! Greasy pie and lame crust (too doughy). Went last Fri and they marked up everything on our bill by $2-3 each - I guess they thought we wouldn't notice?!? Waitress said she gave us the "old menu" and prices were from "new menu" (which no one could produce). Manager pointed to sign that said "prices subject to change". We refused, loudly and long, and they finally backed down. Freakin' ridiculous!! Wasn't even late enough that they could've thought we were drunk (which we weren't). After telling friends, it turns out that they had the same thing happen to them.My husband and I were going to see Tetro at the Ritz one night and since we are habitually late for everything we were running late and didn't have time for dinner.  Luckily I'd had an early afternoon craving for pizza and had consulted yelp for the Iphone to see about pizza places near the theater.   We hurriedly made our way over to SOHO and grabbed a few slices to eat furiously perched on the wall of The Bourse.  We were so shocked by the amazing quality of the pizza that we slowed down and savored our dinner.  I have lived in Philadelphia for thirteen years and this was the first time I had non-Lorenzo's pizza that tasted like my suburban home pizza.  
A few months later we decided to order pizza from here on a rainy Saturday night.  I'm not sure you know exactly what that means so I'll break it down for you.  I drove to Olde City on a Saturday night in what turned out to be a hurricane to get pizza from SOHO.  I drove around for quite sometime before I illegally parked and walked two umbrellaless blocks through rained on/pissed off Olde City clientele  to retrieve my pies.  That my friend is pizza love. 
The slices are quite reasonable if you're putting it into Olde City restaurant prices; you can spend under $10 on dinner.  Full pies will run you a pretty penny though, especially if you get toppings.  We had one plain large and one large 1/2 mushroom, the other 1/2 onion for something like $33.  Toppings, that's how they getcha.  
The staff is sort of hit or miss.  Our first visit was quick and without incident but my rain soaked night left two employees staring at me like I had snakes for hair, one clearly making personal calls.  Luckily an amazing employee came to my rescue and even gave me a garbage bag to protect my pizzas from the rain.  She had lots of little stars tattooed on her arm that looked like freckles, which did make me like her even more.My wife used to work nearby and I always loved picking her up and grabbing a pizza. The crust is awesome(most brick oven crust is) and I loved the sauce. My only issue is the garlic powder on the outside edge(how hard would it be to rub the crust with garlic oil?) and the price. almost $20 for a pizza is a bit too much but the brick oven is worth it when you want that crispiness.Horrible business to customer relations. I was kicked out by the cashier for a harmless joke. I tried to explain that I just wanted to purchase pizza with my friends and was then greeted by the force of a grapple by two subordinate security guards for no reason. Me and my remaining party of three left pizza-less and proceeded to head to Chinatown for food.Pizza is delicious! I had a slice of plain and really enjoyed it. Thin crust an very cheesy. The service is fast and friendly too. Only awkward thing is the seating. It's a small place so I felt like our table (two top in front) was in the way but that's just how it is laid out. 
I will be back to try one of the other kinds of pizzas!On our first night visiting Philly we stopped here for dinner with two young kids. It seemed like a decent choice for us since the place was pretty empty so our kids wouldn't bother other diners. Also, I saw that they had a Yelp special for checking in--so that saved me a buck on my cheesesteak. 
Being new to the restaurant we didn't know that the SOHO specialty pizza did not come with cheese. We just assumed that they didn't list cheese on the menu because it is a given that pizza comes with cheese. We were wrong.  Trying to feed little kids pizza without cheese...well put it this way, we may as well ordered brussel sprouts. Luckily the guy working there was very helpful and he took the pizza back and added cheese free of charge. 
The food was OK but certainly not the type of place that I will make sure I visit again.Owner is a sweetie, pizza is fine, menu is limited. We've gone twice and would go again for basic pizzeria fare.This is a good brick oven pizza restaurant.  A great place to grab a slice.  It's a popular late night eatery.  
It is pretty small in the interior.  Not a leisurely place.  More of a quick place to dine.Really great pizza. You have to go at just the right time: some friends and I went right before this large rush of people came from partying and what not. 
The pizza was delicious and definitely helped ease the drinks I had prior. My friend's slice of hawaiian pizza was awesome. It was that awesome that I forgot what I got and my mouth is watering just thinking about it :)I've ended up here a few times after a long day... and an early night usually because I wanted something fast and because I was ready to go home. The seating is really goofy. Luckily it's connected to a bar on the other side and they have a couple of couches more comfortable than the high top tables.
Soho has pretty good slices. I think the cheese could use the most improvement. Otherwise, they come out nice and crispy (sometimes too crispy) and they're not particularly stingy with the toppings. It's just that the cheese lacks flavor. They are a little pricy, but the area is what it is so I deal with it.
And as far as I know, you get one free refill on fountain sodas if that's your thing. That's my thing for sure! I think I definitely enjoy this place more in the winter. In the summer it does get a bit too crowded. Eh, so there you have it.Delicous pizza after a concert. This pizziaria is amazing. Pizza was fresh, thin crust and heated to the perfect temperature. 5 stars . Fast, no sit down at night inside except for the outside patio. No service. $6.50 for two specialty slices.The first time we had this pizza delivered to our office, and I heard it was from SoHo, I thought, "WOW! it must be damn good to be coming all the way from Manhattan!"-  Then I realized it was at 2nd and Market Streets! !! Mikey is right-- what the hell is the name all about-- totally weird-- they should call it SoVine or SoMar  which would make more sense! Anyway, it's great to know they will deliver massive numbers of pies for office parties-- just think the name is dumb. If you have it delivered you don't have to deal with any dude with 'tude behind the counter. Pizza is good on its own-- stick with take out or delivery if you can because the employees can be super rude.Probably my favorite spot for a quick delicious snack when wandering around Old City.
Cheap but good. My favorite is the chicken barbecue pizza.I grew up in Bristol, and moved to LA when I was 18. I was recently back in Philly on Biz and me and a co worker stopped in this joint for a slice. Well, one slice ended up being 3 for me. I coulda ate that all day long! Killer Killer Pie!I stopped in here the other night for a quick slice of pizza. I had a slice of the chicken vegetable pizza. They heated it up in the oven and served it. It was very average at best.  The chicken was a bit hard and felt like it was heated up more than once. Veggies were ok. Maybe I should have ordered a slice of plain.I'll admit that I haven't had an extensive sampling of pizza options in Philly, even though I live here. I live in the Old City neighborhood and I can say that its definitely the best in Old City. By far. Margharita's is also good but it can't touch Soho's pizza.
This pizza is a bit on the expensive side but definitely worth it.Brick oven pizza , quick, slices , old citygreat for a quick lunch in the city. they have plenty of gigantic, gourmet pizza options ready to be reheated. It was $6 for two very large slizes and a fountain soda, and the pizza slices were warm and reday within minutes.I went here with a large group the other day and had a good experience overall. Seating was very tricky but would have been much easier with 4 or fewer people. I'm pretty sure I saw a "cash only" sign but that may have been subject to change. 
The pizza was phenomenal. Our group got regular cheese, Buffalo Chicken, "Soho's Famous Tomato Pie Pizza", and the "Old City Favorite Pizza". I didn't try the regular cheese pizza, but the Buffalo chicken absolutely blew me away. When friends asked how it was, my response was always an emphatic "mmmmmm". The Old City Favorite was also very good (feta, spinach, etc.) and the tomato pie was pretty standard.
I thought the staff was very kind and accomodating, especially considering the large size of our group. Since we got 4 whole pies, I can't vouch for the quality of the single slices. I will defend the deliciousness of the leftovers; after 6 minutes in the oven, my slices were almost good as new. 
Overall: I would definitely come back here if in the neighborhood and craving pizza.hits the spot for after hours. pizza that makes you smile and want to leave a crowded bar early to beat the rush. this is yummy pizza and not just when you're buzzed.I'm a picky pizza person and I'm a fan of their veggie and italian market pizza.  Can be a little salty and staff are rude (as you can see from the many other reviews) or else I'd consider four stars. Oh, and it's super tiny just FYI.Grabbed a couple slices tonight on my way home, and just as the girl handed them to me...fresh & hot out of the oven...I dropped both slices right on the floor, sloppy-side down!  Felt like an idiot, but they were nice enough to make me a couple more slices! I cleaned up my mess, but I hope that never happens again. Thanks Soho!Four stars for drunken late night pizza.  I'm not sure I would give it four stars sober... but at 3am... this place is great!
I usually prefer real Italian thick cheeses on a thin crust, but for what I have found to be the "philly style" pizza, the chicken ranch pizza here is pretty awesome.  
I didn't like the BBQ chicken pizza, and they didn't have any seating at 3am but I'm not sure if that is true all the time... plus with a line out the door... it's kinda hard to have seating. 
The door guy is pretty funny too... never really seen a pizza place with a bouncer, but hey, whatever works :)
Overall- great late night pizza... get chicken ranch, it's the best!great pizza for the late night drunkie haha. the wings arent as great tho but you get a gigantic pizza for the money and thats whats so awesome about this place :DSo-Hohum is more like it. 
I ordered a slice of chicken ranch and a slice of red onion and pepper. Both were heated up quickly and the cashier rang me up pretty fast. The chicken ranch slice had a fair amount of chicken on it as well as ranch sauce. The chicken was cooked but not over cooked. However it didn't have any spice or taste to it. The ranch sauce was pretty decent. The red onion and peppers on the other slice tasted pretty fresh. However, the crust on both slices tasted like cardboard. Also, if they put sauce on the slices, they used very little. The sauce wasn't flavorful at all.
Maybe I just hit it on a bad day. It's a shame because they had a pretty hot waitress with a short skirt and boots serving the outside. Perhaps I should go back...Yay for being open on Easter and yay for excellent BBQ chicken pizza.  I like the lines of sauce on the pizza.  The cheese steaks are huge.  Nothing too special but you'll be full for the rest of the day.Some of the best brick oven pizza I've ever had in the downtown Philadelphia area. 
They have a decent election of different style pizza but I highly recommend their BBQ chicken pizza. Oh man, that is my absolute favorite to get when I swing by this place.
The only complaint I have is the size of the joint. Its quite cramped and on a busy day its not even worth trying. The outside seating isn't much to think about either, which is a shame. If they relocated to a larger and slightly closer place I would frequent here way more often, but as it stands I would prefer to just call in an order and pick it up.Brick oven pizza open until late at night.  I would recommend getting a plain slice over most of the other toppings.  
I tried a slice of plain and a slice of BBQ chicken pizza.  While the BBQ chicken was dry and not very flavorful, the plain was pretty good.  While it wasn't my favorite slice of pizza, the dough was a little too crusty for my taste,  the flavor was satisfying.  
I'm sure I will stumble across this place again, along with the hoards at the end of the night.  
Be warned: they don't have public bathrooms late at night, and there is a $5 minimum for using cards (again late at night, I don't know if this is always).SOHO - not sure why. This place brims with potential, but it's not so close to living up to it. There are small things that left me ambivalent about SOHO. For one, the pizza options are definitely unique; however, they don't always pan out as excitingly as they do harmlessly waiting behind the converted deli case. The cheesesteak pizza, for example, isn't worth it. The cheese whiz on pizza was not what I anticipated, meaning it was kind of nauseating. My other complaint, just to clear the air, was that my pizza was lukewarm. They throw it in the oven for a few seconds to heat it up, but a solid minute or two was definitely in order for these slices. 
It's a tough racket to open a pizza place. In Philly, there's one on every block. NYPD pizza, Old City Pizza, and every single Italian restaurant in the city come readily to mind. What SOHO has going for it is that it's at least different from the rest of the Market Street fare. What it needs is a staff that's a little better-trained (couldn't recommend the pizzas, just offered a generic 'everything's good') and a process to get the pizza to the right temp before dishing it out to customers. On top of that, they could reconsider the pizzas they sell by the slice. They're creative, I'll give them that, but I'd love to see that creativity go toward something better than their cheesesteak pizza or the mediocre buffalo chicken pizza. I was tempted, based on the sheer potential of the place, to give SOHO a 3-star review. If they really reconsidered how they went about it, spiced up their options and had a few more inviting faces behind the counter, this could even be a 4-star stopover in Old City worth a vist on occasion. Could be a standard if they raised their standards.Great ingredients in a brick oven makes for great pizza, and they are open late night! Lorenzo's eat your heart out.
Enjoy a beer or a lemon Pellegrino while you wait, definitely in our fav's list. The BBQ chicken pie is quite tasty indeed, along with the other varieties.My friend is always raving about this place. Now,  I'm not the biggest pizza fan but I was pleasantly surprised by SOHO. I ordered a BBQ chicken pie and waited as they made the pizza in front of me. ten minutes later, a huge piping hot pizza was ready and waiting for me. At $17.50 a pie, it's a bit pricey but the size made up for it a bit. The pizza was pretty darn good! The chicken was well cooked, there was plenty of cheese (yum) and the BBQ sauce was a tad sweet which is perfect for pizza. This would be great for late night. Also the staff is very nice. I'm sure I'll be backThe pizza was good, but the service was horrible! I came here after a church service with about 10 others around noon. The two men working seemed more annoyed with us than pleased that they would be getting so much business. I politely got in line and had to tell the man 3 times what I wanted (a slice of buffalo chicken pizza)  before he even acknowledged me. My friends and I were truly baffled. Maybe they woke up on the wrong side of the bed, but when it comes to customer service, suck it up and put on your happy face. 
Outdoor seating when it's nice out, good for people watching. Not much space inside.
I wont be back. Plenty of other pizza places in the area that appreciate me as a customer.Not a bad place to grab a quick bite.  First impressions were that this was a smallish cramped space along Market. They sell pizzas by the slice and also offer salads and cheese steaks.  They do have a seating area in the back and it also has an adjoining bar on the east side of the wall.  That was nice, because I hadn't found that much from the smaller pizza by the slice shops.  What is better than pizza and beer?  
The crust was a nicely flavored thin crust.  The olive oil was tasty, not overpowering but noticeable.  Not a bad place for a quick bite to eat. 
Another plus was the bar next door has "beers to go".  This is a new concept for me.  Not being a local guy, I haven't found many places that sell beers (the liquor stores sell wines/liquor only).  So it was nice to find $2.00 bottles to go.The beau and I were in need of a quick dinner, so we stopped in to Soho before meeting friends at Franklin Fountain (pizza and ice cream over the course of one hour? yes please!)  
We each got two slices and the guy behind the counter offered to bring our slices out to us when they were ready, since we mentioned we wanted to sit outside.  Sidenote: people watching on Market Street is always entertaining (and sometimes a little scary).
The slices were pretty big and the crust was good.  Lots of cheese and decent toppings.  These are solid slices, but nothing to really set it apart from other pizza in Philly.  Not too bad for a quick bite though!
I should also mention that I did not experience rude staff or bad service as other reviewers have.  All three staff members we encountered were very friendly and prompt in their service.  You can't really expect much more from a pizza joint.place sucks. bouncers are nutty. save yourself.This is by far my favorite pizza in the city. It's just amazing. Usually places fall short on one of the major parts of pizza but this place has the perfect combo of sauce, crust and cheeseI have to say after reading some of the articles about this restaurant.....I have to concur with Jamie J.
The pizza is amazing. We had the meat lovers and a slice of the barbeque. Both were amazing. 
However...the biggest draw back to this place was the staff. No hellos, almost no help and when asked it was like we were doing them a favor. My household is Hispanic so we understood all of the banter that the two guys were saying. Yet, if you are a business you should concentrate on conversation with your customers as well as between yourselves. Not be standoffish.This place is awful. I strongly encourage you NOT to go here.  The pizza is overpriced and not good at all.  I have never been to a late night dump of a pizza place with so many rules. The staff is obnoxious and show no respect for their guests.  It takes forever to get your food.  The three "bouncers" are completely unprofessional and the way they carry themselves is ridiculous. Why does a pizza place have three bouncers anyway?  Watch out as these guys are quick to put their hands on patrons without cause.  I had never in my life been thrown out of a bar or restaurant, yet I was forced to leave this pizza place without warning and for no reason at all. You are making a complete mistake to let this "restaurant" steal your money. Take your business elsewhere!The chicken and ranch pizza is probably one of my favorite in Philly. I'd give this place 5 stars alone for the pizza BUT the staff is horrible. The "bouncer" at the front door is on some sort of power trip. Yes I understand there are a lot of drunkards that come in on the weekends but it's still retail and customer service makes a business. Soho ownership, please educate your staff on the importance of customer service.In town for business and walking around looking for a quick bite.
The pizza was just ok.
Staff was horribly, horribly rude.I've walked by Soho plenty of times and drooled at the sight of the pizza. So I made the decision to order in during movie night. I thought that the pizza would arrive straight out of the oven considering that I only live 3 blocks from this place. Boy was I wrong! Delivery took an hour and the pizza was soggy, chewy and lukewarm. I don't eat pizza that often so when I do I want it to be delicious. Soho pizza really disappointed me.Seriously the best place to go if you like being harassed, its all been said before in the following reviews. Rudeness lost them another customer. Its not a club its a pizza joint, yet they act like there is a roped off enterance...Needed a really quick dinner so just stopped in for some slices.  The slices we got were pretty decent and the fries too.  The place is kind of a dump and I thought the guy that took our order was kind of standoffish, but overall not bad for a quick bite..  Probably best for take-out or delivery. You can go to the bar next door and order from the bartender that gets your slices through a hole in the wall.This place is ok, i'm not really to crazy about pizza in general, i'm a sushi/nacho critic, but everyone loves it so much that I felt the need to write a review.  
I've been in here a few times, and everytime the staff is kinda rude, i don't know if they've had to many drunken a-holes come in or what it is, but I feel like service is such a crutial part of a good and succesful establishment.
All in all, this place is pretty good, and if your drunk, hungry and in olde city, then this is a great place to stop, to kill that hungry monster in yo belly!Both my boyfriend and I had the Pepperoni Mushroom pizza. It was so good and the service was awesome. Best pizza I've had in a long time.This place has the best pizza I have had in Philly. The buffalo chicken pizza is rockin. This pizza reminds me of NY Style pizza. It is not the real thing but an excellent substituteI work in Old City and I have to say Soho is some of the best pizza I've come across and I love me some pizza. Wood fired delicious pizza. Slightly chewy crust, flavorful sauce, huge slices. MMM !When I first visited Philly in 2004, I ate at Soho almost every night of my vacation.  It was delicious and made the perfect end to a day of walking around the city or going to a ball game.  It was always somewhat busy but organized and comfortable.  The pizza was flavorful, with garlic salt on the crust and delicious toppings.  
When I moved here in 2007, the place seemed to have changed hands.  The place was a little slower and the pizza was a little less flavorful and a little less consistent but it was still pretty good.  I still stopped by once in a while.  
I'm moving away now and hadn't been in for a while so I thought I'd stop in one last time.  It seems the place has changed hands yet again.  The place was DEAD and the pizza was terrible.  It was really bland, there was hardly any cheese or sauce on the slices and no flavor to speak of!  I don't know how this place is going to make it - even with it's amazing location.  Sad.Amazing pizza!! Awesome. Just love it. If you want great pizza, go here. End of story.Definitely a great place for pizza by the slice.  Open late and offers so many varieties of topping ready to go.  None of the "no toppings" attitude here!
Service is fast and slices are great!  Enough said.I think all the bad reviewers below must have been to the wrong place. SOHO pizza is fabulous - definitely the best in Old City. Solid meaty slices with lots of heaped on toppings. The Buffalo Chicken and BBQ chicken are incredible. Love the Meat Lover's and Pepperoni. The Broccoli and Spinach are very fresh.
Yes, service isn't perfect. But you're in a fast-moving pizza joint that's flying pies out of the oven and serving customers as quickly as they can. What do you expect? If you want a server that's going to bow down at your every command and question, go to a Steven Starr.
This pizza place is exactly what you'd expect of a quick and hearty pizza with no frills and no BS. They're all business - no fluff - fab pizza.Alright. 
I finally arrived at my house.. It's 3:21 AM and I drove home from a good night from Lucy's/Top Hat quick because I had to write this review. I knew deep down in my soul that I had to get this review out due to my recent experiences here, but I kept putting the review off.  However, tonight gave me the motivation to finally get this ish done. Let me sum up the experience you'll get if you buy pizza after 2AM at Soho. Dont listen to their other sheep who give this place 3-5 stars. You're smarter than that.
TRUST ME. Here's when keeping it real goes right.
To start off, there's two things you need to hear:
1. The bouncers here can get a big F and a Big U from me.  
2. The pizza is trash. I rather lick the benches in love park.
"But hey, Kyle. If the pizza is garbage, why go here?" you say.
Let me splain.
You're drunk/tipsy. You got a few numbers effortlessly in Old City and leave the spot you're at, now your stomach's growling, sounding exactly like the Battle of Hoth. 
You have no f'n choice, unless you have the patience to wait till you get home. I have at least a half an hour drive home and most likely, I'll only have Cinnamon Toast Crunch at the crib. It's a no brainer to get pizza. It's right there next to the club. I digress.
Once I stepped in tonight, I overheard one of these douchebags bouncers say " I love the authority I get from working here." I instantly knew then that it'll be one of those nights. And I was right. My friend got thrown out for saying "I'm in line!" in response to them saying "get in line!" "Oh you're getting smart?!" Bam. Thrown out.
Pizza bouncers. You underachieving, low expectation having ************. I make more in a week browsing Reddit at work than you do bouncing at a PIZZA SHOP in a month. You pitiful existence. Menace to Society, I feel sorry for your mother. Here we go,
First thing's first. These bouncers here have the IQ of Ralph Wiggum and weigh half as much as Snuffle Upaghus.  I weigh 150 pounds. I'm a skinny, cool, respectful dude with a twisted sense of humor. But ultimately, I'm a man. You treat me with respect and you speak to me directly if you have a problem with my existence. You dont pop a vein in your fivehead and get in my face. My mother's side of the family could hide behind one of you douchebags.
If you're meek, timid and following orders gets you off, you'll fit right in here. I'm not. You yell some slick ish to me, " keep the line moving!" "single file!" "lean against the wall!" " move out the way!"  I'ma respond -- and you will not like what I say.
These bouncers are on a power trip, man. You react a second late to the line moving, they're on your ass. You hesitate with your order, they're on your ass.  You speak to loud, they're on your ass. Like Adrian said in Rocky IV: YOU CANT WIN.  
If Jerry Seinfeld came for a slice.He'd put this line in his next routine:
"Bouncers at Soho. What's the deal with these bouncers always touching you? I just wanna get pizza! I'm already taken!"
Dont touch me bro! I been tapped on the shoulder, gently pushed towards the line, arms extended over my chest to halt my movement and thrown out because I bumped the counter a few times. Ridiculous.
Walking in Soho after 2AM is like walking on eggshells. The cashiers, cool. The people making the pizza, polite. The actual building has a nice layout. It has a pleasant smell. The floor doesn't creak. I like seeing the flames dance in the oven.
But these bouncers. Jesus, they'll sober you up.
Next time, I'm warming up a TV dinner and bask in my intoxication.This review does not reflect the quality  of the food... The pizza is quite choice actually. Particularly after an all night, old city bender. This review reflects the quality of customer service.
I went in for slices back to back nights. Second time sealed the deal. Incredibly rude staff. Prime example of what happens when you let uneducated neanderthals  have to much authority. I understand people come in drunk all the time and occationally need assistance, but when there are 3 people in the shop just taking it easy. No ones blocking a non existing line...
Deal sealer is when I watched the people that work there decide they didnt like a guy, took his order, took his money, shorted him a slice and when he said something they tried to open the door with his face.
unfortunate decline in customer service quality :/This is my favorite pizza spot that I've visited so far in Philly.  Crisp, garlicky crust, straight out of their stone oven.  Slices are large and at most pizza places I can only eat one big slice... at SoHo I can finish two!  Just delicious!Awful place. I wish I could give this place zero stars. I've worked in the food industry and if I ever treated an employee the way they treated me at SOHO I would be fired immediately. Employees would roll their eyes and the one guy literally threw my pizza at me in disgust AFTER I put a dollar in his tip jar. As I was paying for my pizza he kicked my friends out who were standing there waiting for me (we were the only people in the place AND they had also just purchased pizza)The pizza is probably the best in old city but unfortunately, that's the only thing it's got going for them. These two things are my biggest issues and remind me why I don't go to soho anymore.
1.The service. Awful. Two guys (of Hispanic descent) Saturday 6/21/14 around 2pm, did not make an effort to make contact with us. Granted we just wanted to order and go as much as you wanted us to. At least try to crack a smile or say thank you or welcome of just a hello.  They were instead too busy yapping with each other about the World Cup.
2. $7 for two slices. Understandably soho is located in a market that will pay for it, but yeah, it's still a negative, not worth $7.
I have worked in old city for 7 years and used to frequent soho a lot. Having not gone in years, I thought I'd try it again. I'm reminded now why I will continue to keep my business with gianfranco's.Buffalo chicken pizza is top notch. Sure, there are plenty of other toppings available. Ignore them. Buffalo chicken. Do it. Order up a slice, plus perhaps a slice of plain if you're really hungry. Too crowded and hot to eat inside. Eat while walking around Old City or on benches in the park across Market. Enjoy happy Buffalo sauce glow, dodge people coming out of bars on 2nd Street.Did the quality of the pizza change? Or was this my first time having a slice while not intoxicated at 3am. 
I remember SOHO being excellent! Especially the BBQ chicken pizza. Was here recently and wasn't all that impressed. The consistency of the dough was very weird. Almost too airy and crunchy. I do agree with other reviewers, it's a pretty good deal given the size of the slice.It is like left over pizza from your refridge. Staff is not friendly or welcoming. Very dark inside. Pizza is overpriced ($2.75 for a slice).I really like the pizza here, but the atmosphere is dark and cramped. 
But the best part of my experience here today was when the cashier dumped out her tip jar (which reads: NICE people tip), just as i was about to put a dollar in it, so i slid the dollar to her. She yells at me : "WHY ARE YOU GIVING ME A DOLLAR!!!?" I say back "I am TIPPING you!"Best Pizza in Philadelphia. Their crust is crispy and delicious, and they'll put anything you can imagine on a pizza. Around lunch or dinner, the slice selection is huge. After 11 on the weekends they close the dining room and the bathrooms and simply feed the drunken masses on Market street, when that happens, the food is just as good, but don't expect the same service, they're just trying to get people in and out quickly.Service usually sucks but after a night of drinking in Old City, the buffalo chicken pizza is the TRUTH. 
The bouncers are really cool and usually down to entertain drunken conversations that customers start.Awesome late-night grub place! Got hungry after getting drinks at the Continental and stumbled to this place. I can't remember what I ordered but I know it had olives and bell peppers. Anyway the pizza was delicious! Not too heavy, the dough was thin (also had the crunch), and the cheese was good! Melted well and no greasy puddle on top. They give out generous-sized slices and the pizzas were fresh out of the oven. If you're out drinking in the area, stop here for the midnight snack. It'll definitely satisfy the munchies!Yep...it's STILL the best pizza I've ever had in my life.     As I've known for some time, this place actually has other food, and I might actually want to try a cheesesteak someday. But I just can't bring myself to do it...not with all those delicious slices sitting there, waiting for that quick warm-up in the brick oven.  I can't imagine this place does very good business with other food items...
After all, wasn't it John Lennon who said "give pizza a chance"???Gourmet style, brick oven pizza. Always has plenty of options with toppings galore.   A good spot for after hours, but if you're looking for a more traditional late night pizza joint, head down 2nd st. to Margarita's.
For me, SOHO is more of a lunch or dinner time, per slice kind of place, but good pizza is good pizza no matter what time of day.A night out in Philly isn't complete without a stop at SOHO Pizza.  There's always a line but they move fast and have absolutely delicious Hawaiian and buffalo chicken pizza.  The crust is thin and delicious and the slices are HUGE!  There's no better way to end a long night at the bars!The buffalo and BBQ chicken slices are amazing.  Open late night so good place to fill that pizza craving after a night out.I like Soho. The boyfriend LOVES Soho, so I think this place is all about your personal preference in pizza.
The slices are big and not over priced. They are hearty with ample crust (no soggy middles here) and lots of toppings. This is your typical New York style pizza with typical ingredient combinations, not your goat cheese and spinach topping type of place. I think you just have to adjust your expectations accordingly. 
Your best bet here is to come at night or late at night when they have a lot of options available. The chicken parmesan is my favorite slice, but the chicken bacon ranch, classic pepperoni, and pepperoni and sausage are also tasty options. The boyfriend raves about the chicken bacon cheddar slice, so if you like to be adventurous with cheddar cheese on a pizza give it a go. They have small tables in the front and also a few larger tables in the back (and bathrooms, who knew!) so don't make the mistake not venturing to the back. 
Note: This place gets packed late at night with the drunk Old City crowd, so expect some company.I've never been to a late night pizza place with so many rules. First there was three bouncers running the place. My friends and I were yelled at for not standing against the wall, then talking too loud, talking to other people, ordering too soon, touching the counter, and more. It became a game called "what's the next rule we're going to break." The staff was awful, with the exception of the flirty bouncer getting girls numbers inline and making the whole process extra long and painful. I will never go back here. It was expensive and ridiculous. There's better places in Old City to get a slice with much nicer people, better pizza, and not as expensive. This place-never again.Its brick-oven pizza, but tends to be overrated, especially by people from outside of the area.
Better places to get a great slice in Philly, but if you are looking for Pizza in olde city, this is probably the place to go.Okay, so the pizza is not bad (though I haven't had it sober yet.), but those are the only starts this place gets.
If you feel like getting yelled at and herded by the employees of a pizza place after a nice night out drinking, you'll love this place. And I don't mean you get yelled at if you get out of line, or yell, or do something belligerant. You get yelled at if the person in front of you takes one step, and you do not notice. You get yelled at if you ask questions ("No questions!") You get yelled at for everything and anything. I don't care that they're dealing with a bunch of drunk people, I've been in many establishments dealing with the same crowd, and they didn't feel the need to yell at me.
It's not worth the mediocre pizza.The pizza was great here. As college students, my friends and I ordered out a lot, and we ate a lot of pizza. This is a great place with good service and good food. We were never disappointed.I worked at the Ritz theaters for a couple of years and this pizza spot was my frequent stop for my dinner break. I only had 20 minutes so I was fortunate that they were close and they were quick in heating up their slices in their brick oven. Also, the slices are tasty, not overly greasy, and not too huge. I really like their variety and their friendly service.
If there is any complaints, the place is small. Opposite of the ordering/food preparation area are stools for people to eat. There is more seating in the back and on good nights, they put tables out on front. I haven't used their restrooms.
Overall, this is my favorite pizza spot. Check it out if you're on your way to catch a movie!