If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Along with a take out order that arrived late, the food was ice cold. The portions were tiny (10 fries in an order of sweet potato fries) And they also forgot part of our order. So Yelp called me and offered to refund my money or I could reorder my missing item. I took the money. Sona Pub won't be getting another penny from me. The worst restaurant in Manayunk. 
Manayunk prices; middle school cafeteria quality.Bacon cost $3.00 and was very mediocre and not fresh. Potatoes were cold and also not fresh. The breakfast burrito was good with cheese sauce on it but the inside just wasn't great. Asked for salsa and got pico. Waitress came by once and we had to ask for someone to grab our check.Driving up Main Street looking for something good to eat. I saw Sona, and said to myself "hmmm, I don't remember that place." Looked it up on Yelp and realized, it JUST opened. When I walked in the restaurant it smelled new (in a good way) My husband and I both got the Irish Curry Chicken dish and he got a side of fries. Our food was DELICIOUS!! Our waitress was great too. There were definitely other things on the menu I want to try, so yup I'll be returning.Since the opening of Sona I have heard good things, so it has been on my list of places to visit.  I made my visit for Sunday Brunch and was glad I did.  The space is open and bright, outside seating is available as well.  The servers were attentive and service was a bit slow, so we were given a round of drinks for free (Great Customer Service!).  
I had the Sona Breakfast Burger and my friend had the ribeye skillet.  We talked with other patrons sitting near us and we all agreed that the food was really good.  I really appreciated the extensive beer/tap and wine list.  
Sona is a welcome addition to the Manayunk/Main St Strip!  I recommend Sona and will be back soon.Went for brunch for the first time today and it easily took the lead for my favorite brunch spot in Manayunk. First of all, the decor is so nice and it's a huge place. Secondly, the brunch menu is jam packed with amazing sounding items. It's hard to make up your mind! I got the Redneck Benni. Cornbread with a fried egg, sausage patty, and sausage gravy. I think the best brunch item I've ever had! My boy friend got the Not Your Fathers Breakfast Sandwich. A porkroll egg and cheese on a cinnamon bun! He said it was amazingly good. Highly recommend!We came here to watch the World Cup. Calm place, just enough people there on a Saturday afternoon. Loved that they had all the windows open facing the street because it felt like we were outside. Service was good. Food was fine, but nothing out of this world. I had wings and my companion had calamari and a salad. Too bad that I didn't find out until after that they ate part of Groupon+...I could have gotten 25% back!!This is a great location for drinks and a night out, however, the food is not that great for a new bar on main street manyunk.
My bf had fish tacos which were terrible. The tortilla was awful. I had a turkey burger and fries and the fries were under cooked.
I'm really surprised at the quality of bar food at a new joint. Hopefully it can improve because it's a great location and bar.I've been here twice now. I've really tried to give them a chance because Kildares was my home. First time i came here, there were no blue cheese crumbles on my buffalo chicken pizza. They also gave us no napkins or silverware. We sat at the bar. Last time we came, again sat at the bar when it was slow, we were told on Thursday's that for $10, you can buy domestic beers and well drinks for a penny. Well, of course we did it. But when we ordered drinks from another bartender, they told us domestics weren't included, only miller high life was included. The male bartender Jay ended up giving us bud lights because we were originally told by the one bartender that it was included (we were drinking them all night). Then, our food took a pretty long time. We ordered wings and fries, and we were finished our wings by the time our fries came out. Also was given no silverware or napkins again. Then we tried closing out our tab, but they had two separate tabs open for us, which is fine. But then he swiped the same card twice.Came here tonight for Quizzo and some food & drinks. Quizzo was great...the rest not so much. My fiance' and I ordered 20 wings listed for $24 and the fish and chips for $17.00. Tuesdays they have a BOGO deal for food. Buy one entree get the other for half price of lesser or equal value. The food arrived -- the wings were pretty good, the fish and chips was uneventful. When it came time to pay the total for the wings was $26 not the $24 for 20 as listed on the menu and we were not discounted for the BOGO deal either. We pointed this error out to the bartender. She was apologetic about the half off but was dismissive about the $2.00 up-charge for the wings. She said that two orders of wings is $13 each...even though the menu lists that 10 wings are in fact $13 or 20 wings are $24. We ordered 20 wings -- NOT two orders of 10. The bartender then went into a corner with the manager on duty for quite a while. My fiance' and I felt extremely uncomfortable. The bartender came back and said it would be fixed, but that her manager had to go upstairs to price adjust the check. We saw the manager walking around, she never went upstairs. We waited around 15 minutes when the bartender finally brought the new check. The check was STILL wrong. They still showed two orders of wings and discounted ONE of them. At this point we were so annoyed that we just went ahead and paid for the incorrect amount so that we were free to leave. This place is not worth it; it just reiterates the cycle of guest vs. restaurant on Main Street Manayunk. Poor attitude from management and staff and unethical business practices. We will be playing quizzo at establishments that charge the price the menu advertises from now on.The pictures and rating on Grubhub is misleading.  We ordered fish and chips and it came with one fish filet and like 10 soggy fries.  Portions were very small for the price.  The pretzels were supposed to come with two sauces, we received a half full one of I believe cheese sauce.   The chicken sandwich I ordered (which was a recommended dish) was so sad.  Wilted lettuce, dried out red onion and bbq sauce.   Not as advertised.  I never leave yelp reviews but this order was so ridiculous.  Don't order here.  This is probably why they were offering 35% off of your first order.  Never again.When I went there yesterday, and was reading the menu, the food there was over priced. Not only that the food was over priced, the beers are over priced. It all comes down to the fact that you have to have a reservation in order to grab a good meal. I find it very outrageous, and complete overkill. If I had a good reason to not go there again I'd say all of the above. Because it's borderline trash.It was good Place looks so much nicer then what it was before!Service just ok waitress could of been a little nicer and attentive but not to bad I guess new place I'll give it time.Food was good Drinks were good.Everything was good All I can say is steak was over cooked and fatty for $24 why ask how to cook it if both came out the same not medium as ask for.Overall good.We had a wonderful first visit. The Sausage rolls are super fun and delicious! The short rib and mac and cheese is delicious as are the pizzas. The pomegranate margarita was perfection! It was a really fun menu, beer list, and atmosphere. I will go back soon!Stopped in for Mothers Day brunch. The redesigned space looks amazing. It is open and airy with a great sized bar on the first floor and two additional bars on second and third floors. Tons of cool touches from the reclaimed wood around the bar, the Edison style light fixtures and even a unique tiled wall that makes a great focal point. 
Service was good and attentive. Seated promptly with our reservation. Everyone in our party of 8 enjoyed their meals thoroughly with everything served as requested. They have an extensive beer selection as well as some great Bloody Mary and Sangria's. For a new place just getting going they really seemed to be on top of their game already.OMG I had such and amazing time and great experience at Sona. It was not your typical Irish pub but an upgraded, more purposeful experience for those wanting tradition with a twist. You can have traditional food (in abundance--as the portion sizes are generous) and also creative for foodies to try something new. The hostess and management were very accommodating and came to our table to introduce themselves and even have a tour. I can't forget the chef actually coming to also see how we enjoyed our meal and requested feedback. We had the Irish breakfast, 2 appetizers (sausage rolls and scotch egg dishes), tatertot nacho and a nice kids menus with delicious Mac n cheese and pizza (homemade dough with quality cheese and portion sizes). We also loved a pint and mimosa (craft is better as you get a lot for $15 which was as if I had 5-6 glasses of mimosa). I can't say enough but I will plan my next happy hour and company meeting there as they have a 3rd floor with a projector and parking lot across the street! Thanks for the great experience! Shonta-fishtownThe first couple of times we ate at Sona we were very satisfied. Tonight, however, not so much. Caesar salad has changed and the calamari has also changed and definitely not for the better. Won't be back any time soon. Disappointed for sureNot worth the price. Went and got the cheesesteak egg-roll appetizer and for $12 you get two egg rolls which is four pieces.  Gone to many places and had much more for the price.I wouldn't recommend Sona to anyone. I went there for dinner on a Sunday night with my wife and I got the Bellissimo pizza. It came out with maybe 4 tiny pieces of pork belly on it and 2 small tomatoes. The pizza tasted like plain dough and I have had better store-bought pizzas that I have throw in the oven at home. The server wasn't apologetic at all and asked if I wanted something else so I ordered the Irish curry chicken. This at least had some flavour but it was still very boring and not good at all. The rice was also very wet and sticky. In the end we were super disappointed with the poor service and the horrible quality of the food.I came here last night for dinner for the first time. The atmosphere is so much more inviting and bright compared to when it was Kildare's. The service was excellent. Our waitress checked in on us multiple times, and the kitchen was very quick to bring us our food. They had an extensive beer menu and a lot of beers from local breweries which I like. My main criticism was that the food was very mediocre. We ordered the nachos with short rib for an appetizer. It was pretty dry and could've used more seasoning. However, the fresh jalapeños were nice. I ordered short rib sliders and my fiancé ordered a shrimp po' boy. Both sandwiches were only okay and nothing special. Mine was dry and his had very few shrimp for $15. Overall, I'd stop here for a drink, but I don't think I'd eat here again.I want to like this place so bad because it's such a great location and a nice atmosphere that I'd love to hangout here for happy hours or dinner dates but after having had four visits here, all for dinner/drinks, it is abundantly clear to me that the SERVICE SUCKS. I have actually sat at the BAR here with hardly any other guests around and still had a hard time placing an order. My orders have consistently been wrong or messed up. I have had a different waiter/waitress each time I've been here so it's not like I'm just getting the same bad apple every time. One time our waitress told us it was her first job ever waitressing so we were sympathetic to that but she still failed to check in on us! I had to get up and ask the hostess at one point if she could find our waitress, and then again I had to ask the bar tender for our check, because the waitress was MIA. From beginning to end we were there almost 2 hrs and half of that was just waiting. We all ordered salads too so I can't imagine that has an insane amount of prep time..
I don't want to leave a bad review and not suggest a solution so: train your staff on efficiency and ensure that they know how to cater to your customers. This goes for bar tenders too! I would love to love this bar, it just needs to get better.One star because their customer service was pleasant when I called about my incorrect order, and they promptly refunded me for the part they got wrong. However, the food itself was awful. My burger was cooked well-done when I requested medium rare. EVERYTHING was ice-cold, and the fries were very soggy(and made incorrectly). Also, the buffalo sauce for the wings isn't truly buffalo. It's more of a Cajun pepper, and I was pretty disappointed. Didn't taste bad, but it just wasn't buffalo. Although they were nice to me, I wouldn't order again. For what I paid, the food quality was almost insulting.Decent and affordable drinks, but the appetizers were lacking originality and taste. Bland chicken wings served with dried out carrots and slimy celery. Would only go back for drinks.I've had decent experiences here. It's a good place to visit for a light eating experience. I don't remember anything that was really heavy. One time a waitress spent 20 minutes between check-in. The first time was good.This place was completely disgusting this afternoon at 2 pm. Service fine, cold, uninspired nasty nachos, melted american cheese, 3-day old guacamole they charged 2$ for 2oz. Men's room literally full of sh#t, patron came out and puked on sidewalk next to our table at 2 pm. My stomach is still revolting to my experience. Notified waitress of mens room situation, she did not apologize, just rolled her eyes. Didnt bother to tell them about puke on sidewalk. STAY AWAY!! Negative numbers, never going back!!Service here is so disorganized! My friend and I were looking to try a new HH place with good food deals, so when we saw the menu online for half off appetizers daily, we decided on Sona. 
When we finally arrived, it was clean, nicely decorated, but DEAD AND QUIET. When we asked about the 1/2 off appetizer, our server informed us that was the OLD menu, and no longer available. A few minutes later, I pointed the deal out on the menu they posted on their own restaurant window, and again I was told it was old. I then showed the server the website, which still stated the 1/2 off HH deal, and finally she went to her manager, who then decided to honor it ONLY BECAUSE they are so disorganized and forgot to update their new menus in 2 of the 3 locations they were published. 33% success rate - good job, guys! 
Food is mediocre - nothing better than your average pub food, but not worse. I would keep coming for 1/2 off apps despite the mess, but apparently since it doesn't exist anymore, I likely will not be returning.Great beer selection and great atmosphere.  The food was good but seemed to missing something to the flavor profile.  I would come back to try something else on the menu, but can't say I'd order the same item again.Good service, nice-ish atmosphere, awful food/ drinks. Probably won't return. 
Went for brunch and received a tableful of tasteless food. I ordered the chicken and waffles which were flavorless chicken tenders over freezer burned waffles with a weirdly oily honey concoction. My friend ordered nachos that had no cheese, a few beans, some lettuce and a gross amount of sour cream. how do you mess up Nachos? Just melt some cheese! Throw some salsa on it!No one at our table of 8 enjoyed their food. From over salted fries to cardboard-like cinnamon buns we were all highly disappointed. Our drinks were super watery and had been poorly mixed so that our first sip of our bloody Mary's was almost straight vodka with a little tomato juice, even after vigorous and ultimately futile stirring. 
Loud renovations were also occurring in the dining room next to us. During lunch rush on a Saturday which was odd and jarring to pretty much everyone in the  restaurant. 
Our waitress was really nice and service was good. The ambiance outside of the random construction halfway through our meal was nice. They've done a great job of updating the place. Which is why it's so disappointing that the food was so lackluster. 
Maybe this was an isolated incident but I'm not willing to risk it. It just seems odd that the meals of 8 different people who all ordered different items were so unpleasant. On a street with so many other options for awesome food, it's not worth it.The food is amazing and the waiters r genuine, they do care if you wait a long time and underage drinkers will get caught here!! Very clean!! How a great sense of humor also!Definitely a step WAY above the previous establishment at this location. Great wings, excellent service and extensive craft beer selection. Love the remodeled upscale contemporary American decor inside. Haven't been back later on a weekend to see what the upstairs is all about, but I definitely plan on returning!My friend and I were coming here on a near-weekly basis after work. (She was absolutely infatuated with their steak mac and cheese.) Their burgers are great, and their drink selection is awesome. There's a whisky drink called the Levering Hill (I think) that is truly phenomenal. Prices are good and there's a few quiet spots to sit at the bar, which is really nice after a long day. My biggest gripe is with the food; burgers and a few shining appetizers aside, there's room for improvement.DJ was awesome but $14 for a rum and coke was heavy. Next time we'll drink a lot beforehand and go for the DJ.On a Monday night it took about an hour for us to get our food. The waitress apologized and said the kitchen was "backed up", but I didn't see a lot of food coming out and the place wasn't very busy. The food was good, but not worth an hour wait. We were given a coupon for a free appetizer and 20% off out next visit, which is better than nothing, but it means we would have to come back (which we won't be doing).  On a previous visit they were out of two things we wanted to order, so I don't think we will try them again.I came here with a group of people tonight only to experience terrible customer service. When splitting the bill among our party of nine, the waitress and waiter told us about three or four different policies within a span of forty five minutes. Each time we tried to accommodate our servers, they changed the bill-splitting policy on us. To make matters worse, when a member of my party brought this issue to the attention of staff through google review, it was met with an immediate response by one of the staff members. The rude, abrasive, and disrespectful response was shocking. (You would think a restaurant that had such slow service wouldn't be as quick to respond, at least they're fast at something) In essence, the response accused her of breaking a chair and claimed that we were not good enough at math to patronize their restaurant. None of us will be returning.Drinks are really good and the staff is nice but the food is disgusting seriously don't order anything. They gave me a Caesar salad with ranch dressing.Went with a group of friends... rotten avocados on the salad, burger overcooked into a hockey puck, forgot dressing on another salad, had to ask to get refills of water. When the waitress returned with a new salad, the avocados were still rotten in it - their color was a gray/puke yellow and they tasted like garbage lol I'm not really sure if they cut avocados up and leave them out all day... but they were rank. The waitress was super nice about everything - she didn't charge for the salad and apologized multiple times. Soo decent service, bad chef.This is the 3rd time I have been here but the first time I reviewed.  Love the renovation of this space - open and bright.  Service is always friendly and prompt.  
This is the first time I was not completely happy with my meal.  Beat salad was wonderful.  Crab cakes were full of grab and had a great pure taste - not a lot of other stuff mixed in.  The vegetables however were a bit sour as if they were going bad.  
I will definitely be back - thus is a great neighborhood place.  Would be nice if they had a few healthy options on the menu.Sat with CLAIRE (who was nice but not around) With a party of 7, ordered crab cakes... last dish to come out and looked like a pile of crab meat previously made into an actual crab cake but completed disheveled when it arrived. Also, it implied more than 1 - photos here also imply you receive 2. Disappointed.Food was good but service was....not.
It took us probably 25 minutes for a server to even come to our table to say hi. When we ordered drinks (plus waters) at that time, it took another 20 mins to get them. Then we ordered an app, a salad, and an entree to split (planning on eating them separately), and it took a good 30 mins to get our food, all of which came out at the same time (and still no waters). We chose to eat the salad last so our other food didn't get cold.
For the food itself, we got the mussels (spicy, "angry") version, which had good flavor! Fresh jalapeños in the broth. The beets salad was really good with generous servings of beats and creamy goat cheese, with fresh greens, hazelnuts, and a light vinaigrette dressing. The turkey burger came with guac and bacon, which was good, but the burger itself was a little underwhelming.
Not crazy expensive, which is great! But for a not busy night, the food wasn't good enough to make up for the slow service.Group of 8 friends and I got asked to leave after we already ordered food. We got asked to leave shortly after - for no reason. Thanks.This place BLOWS. I have come twice and tried to give it a second chance after the first bad experience close to their opening. If you want to sit around with your friends for a long time, this is the place to go as service is TERRIBLE. The waitress was nice but it was just not practical. We had a reservation at 11:30 and did not get seated until 12:15. Food looks better than it tastes. Appetizers were served with no napkins, plates, or silverware. We had to ASK for knives and forks. A member of our tables omelet was undercooked. UNDERCOOKED EGG???? Seriously? Nachos were cold both times, so it may be their thing but it is nasty. Stick them under a warmer. I had the meat lovers inlet and it was just OK. Something I could easily duplicate at home. Drinks were good, a bit sweet. Would not recommend to my worst enemy.Had an amazing meal last evening, a little sneak preview to such a beautiful spot in Manayunk. The atmosphere is incredible. The cocktails were delightful and the food was delicious. I will definitely be back for more.As you can see by the 3 checkins I have at this place, I dont hate it here XD
This is one of my favorite places to come in Manayunk. The wings are pretty decent, the calamari is good, and the Bloody Marys are my favorite!
The inside is big which is super helpful since a lot of places around here get full on the weekends. Its also very nicely decorated. It has a casual vibe but its also a good place to get dressed up and go on a date with your significant other. 
Theres another place here in Manayunk called SOMA- dont get them confused!A-MA-ZING HOSPITALITY! From the moment we walked in, our server (Claire Bear), bartender ( Mel), Manager (Brittany)! Claire had great suggestions and we went along with them all. All you can eat crab Tuesdays are OFF THE METER! Not skimpy on the refills and timelines of them. Fries and corn came with it and were really good. Will definitely be back for a 2nd visit but I must say this visit, our 1st, was a breath of fresh air! Thank you ladies of Sona!I sat at the bar and the bartender was very helpful and friendly. I'm a vegetarian, so I ordered the black bean burger and it exceeded my expectations! The sweet potato fries were great too. I can't wait to go back and order another!Had brunch at this location and I will say the food was pretty good. Service was a bit slow but leah was great.....would I return ....yesAh, Mondays. They used to bother me. Before the "surgery" that is. Anyhow, my trails lead me many places, fortunately today they lead me here. Some things go without saying but I like most people get thirsty. Being the youngest child and growing up in a circus type of environment I began drinking at a very young age. My love of alcohol, some would say, has kept me from greater things, I just think it has enhanced the few things I have (well just thing- the sedan-rough divorce). Being a car sleeper actually makes pass out mode drinking necessary. The higher alcohol content the better. Well, this place fit the bill. Strong barley and a nice ambience. Cheers and nighty night!I haven't been to Manayunk for years, but after trying Sona, I'll be back soon. Food is excellent - the brussel sprouts and beet salad are delicious, healthy options, while the burger (available with gluten free buns) and fish & chips were fantastic. Extensive beer selection. Service was great. I could sit for hours at the bar with the blue wall. The decor throughout is lovely.Honestly, if you're thinking that maybe it'll be a good idea to try Sona do yourself a favor and don't because this place is a consistent let down. I want to like this place because it has a cool atmosphere but the service is just downright terrible. Our server was clearly cranky (not directly at us but still), the food was late and cold, and to top it off I had to go talk to the bartender to find our waitress to close the check. Then the waitress was getting cocky that we had to find her. The only thing that went right was our waitress refilled our drinks without asking, which should be normal anyway. Not to be overkill with the complains but also the last time we tried this place they seated us and nobody came to take an order or a drink. After 15 minutes we just got up and left. Go to Winnie's, go to Lucky's, go to McDonalds I guarantee you'll have a better experience.My boyfriend and I had brunch here today and it was great. We wanted to sit outside with our dog and the hostess cleared a table and got us seated right away. We had the breakfast burrito and chicken with waffles, both were delicious. Also our server's name was Evan and he was super friendly/entertaining!
I don't write reviews very often but felt compelled to after our experience today. The restaurant was super busy and they were clearly short staffed which unfortunately happens sometimes. But still they were all super fast and courteous the entire time. The only thing that made this a poor experience was a table of 6 drunk idiots sitting next to us who were hands down the most obnoxious group of people imaginable. They were loud, obscene and spent the entire time harassing the servers. I felt awful for everyone who had to deal with them including us so to any of you working that day who may see this, just know there were people who saw how hard you tried. They just suck.Only giving this place 2 stars because the staff was friendly and welcoming. The food was disgusting! Ordered a Cesar salad and arrived with the oldest, moist and most crumbed slab of romaine lettuce. The black bean burger was NOTHING like the menu description which was misleading, may I also add that it was tasteless! Gnats seemed to be flying all around which made me almost loose my appetite. Hostess had a full restaurant open with cleaned off tables but sat us directly on top of another couple to the point where I could barely even open my chair for leg room. Just save yourself! Main Street has a ton of other delicious restaurants to choose from !Really really nice place. The Decour is beautiful and for being such a large space it has a nice quaint feel. 
I really like what they've done with the menu, some really great selections. The menu has not been overdone but has been very well thought out. 
My wife and I shared the brussels sprouts and the poutine. Absolutely cooked to perfection and delicious. 
For a main course we had the steak and the Portabella mushroom sandwich. Again, both were cooked to our liking and we're very flavorful. Sonya has a great tap selection and if that is not your thing, they also have a great cocktail bar in the back. 
I would highly recommend visiting Sona and I will definitely be back.I've had decent experiences here. It's a good place to visit for a light eating experience. I don't remember anything that was really heavy. One time a waitress spent 30 minutes between check-ins. We had about 3 check-ins. That means we were there for about 2 hours, and about 1.5 hours was just waiting time. The first time was great. I hope the last time was an anomaly.Great atmosphere. One of my favorite bars in all of Manayunk. When it comes to food service you need to come early as they run out of things quickly like bread. Overall great atmosphere but get here early for dinner.Where"s the beers?? Yeah, I agree with 3. Stopped by for a late lunch. Bartender is great, server Sammi delightful but my red beet salad was completely mediocre. More lettuce than anything. Server tried to stick up for the salad when I asked where the walnuts were- nice try but it was mostly lettuce. Serves me right for ordering a salad at an Irish pub. The nachos & chicken fingers at near by tables look great.Ambiance is nice, though music is loud. Service was decent, our waitress was very nice though busy. The food was unfortunately not very good at all. The BBQ chicken sandwich came with two very small pieces of chicken and no cole slaw as promised on the menu. The salmon blt was equally disappointing, with the "oven roasted tomatoes" being two very small pieces of unripe tomato. Additionally, they have a poor cocktail selection withall but two of the cocktails involving vodka. Unfortunately, I won't be coming back here.They may have just opened but the service and kitchen were on point. We tried the pizza, dry rub wings, pierogis, beet salad,chicken fingers,and calamari...loved me all. Drafts were good as was the wine. Feel like a glutton. Will definitely be back!Really good brunch especially if you've been out the night before! We had the brunch egg cheesesteak thingy that came with scrapple but I changed mine to pork roll. Hub had the scrapple and said it was awesome. Bloody Mary's were awesome and the music atmosphere was great for a rainy hungover Sunday. Staff was very nice. Will make this a regular stopping point on the way home from philly!I had the Sona Sour - their signature Whiskey Sour and loved it!  Salmon BLT was really good. Service was good. Great restaurant. I definitely recommend this place!Overall good place to eat but still needs to work out some service kinks. 
Pros:
-The Sona Burger is SUPER delicious!
-Kind Waitress 
-Atmosphere was good/relaxed. Mixed crowd. 
Cons:
-Hostess didn't greet us coming in or leaving
-Hostess placed the menu on the table and left without saying anything
-Waitress did not arrive to the table for 15 after being seated. It wasn't busy. 
-No cocktails, beer only. When questioned, they stated they haven't received their delivery yet. 
-Truffle Fries....EXTREMELY OILYThe hostess was not very friendly, and it took over 10 minutes for our server to approach our table; the server was attentive and sweet when we saw her but our food took FOREVER to come, and with a toddler it can get weary! The food itself wasn't good -- the breakfast burrito was essentially just filled with tater tots and the breakfast burger had no taste to it.  We left not feeling so hot either. gave it a whirl but will stick to our go-to brunch spot instead. Hopefully with time it will get better!Place is good to get drinks, but that's really all. Large cocktail list, delco Barbie is my fav (Cosmo topped with prosecco) I was never blown away by the food. I'm not a huge fan of Irish food to begin with and that's really all they offer. Nothing on the menu is innovative. Just basic Irish food and typical American bar bites.I guess I'm the idiot for coming back here. We had not one, not even two but three excruciating experiences. This past visit and very last time I ever come here again was beyond terrible. After our 35 minutes of waiting for our drink order we were finally getting up to leave and the child waiter finally showed up with the drinks. I call him child waiter because he looked like he was 12 but clearly I can't hold that against him or the Resturant. It wasn't until every question we asked about the menu, our child waiter kept running into the kitchen to ask what the 'soup of the day' is or 'if they have turkey bacon'. After we finally got our order in, and after another 40 minute wait for food finally came out, we were greeted by child waiter with a $16 personal pizza that 'digiornos' would have been embarrassed to serve. Only half of the bread had cheese on it with one half of a Brussel sprout and absolutely no mushrooms. By the way, this was a Brussel sprout and mushroom pizza. There is no worse feeling than leaving a restaurant furious and hungry after spending close to $80. THIS PLACE SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN! If you love throwing your money down the drain for terrible food and even worse service, then I highly recommend this sorry excuse for a restaurant to you.I revisited Sona on 3/31/18 at 3PM. I remember the exact time because I looked at my watch as soon as I entered the place. I was hesitant about returning here because I remembered it as having an unusually (compared to average Main St bars) slow service during the last visit. The dread about repeating the slow service, right before the Final Four (began at 6:09PM), almost made me attempt to persuade the group to stay back, but I gave in. There was no way 3 hours could get messed up. We sat down at about 3:05 PM, and put in orders for drinks by 3:15 PM. We didn't get waters until 3:45 PM. When waters were dropped off, we reminded the waitress about our drinks, and quickly snuck in our dinner orders so that we could lessen the risk of waiting another 30 minutes before putting in our order. We were so scared to miss the opportunity to put in an order for our dinners, that we forgot to put in an order for appetizer. She returned with our drinks at 4:15 PM (WE SAT AT 3:05 PM). We put in an order for brisket nachos as soon as she put the drinks down. We didn't see her until 4:35 PM, and we called her to notify (it seemed like she obviously forgot, or was trying to forget) her of the nacho order, and she said she would get it right away. She came back with nachos at 4:45 PM, but no brisket. Shock settled in when we realized that if we reminded her, or anyone at this point, about the missing brisket that they would simply bring over a plate of brisket to dump on our nachos. We called over a male waiter that was walking by, and notified him about the nachos at 4:55 PM. Our original waitress brought the brisket in a bowl for us to pour onto/dip the nachos at 5:10 PM. Since the last drink drop-off (4:15PM) we had not been reserved water, or asked about more drinks. It is now 5:20 PM (WE SAT AT 3:05 PM), and our dinner orders finally came out. The food was brought out by the male waiter from earlier, and the original waitress never came back. A male's name was on our receipt, and we left at 6:05 PM. The food? Oh, it was damn good. The spicy chicken sandwich is a top-of-the-line chicken sandwich. The crispiness and taste can easily beat Chic-Fil-A's best day. The service? That's the reason I'll never return here or any place that reminds me of it.Great atmosphere and their burgers was everything.. I hated the short Ribs Mac and cheese. I guess it wasn't what I was expecting, so for that I rated it 3stars.. but I will definitely still come here, maybe order something differentOverall our experience at Sona was very disappointing. On the plus side, it was very easy to make a reservation via open table. The decor is also nice, and the place was clean. The bartender seemed nice and I actually saw her jump in to help with service, and their tap list was big.
On the negative side, the service was very poor. Orders took a long time to get out of the kitchen (we were there for almost 2 hours with just ordering an app and two entrees). Our waitress seemed pretty overwhelmed. We watched our drinks sit on the bar top for a while before she brought them to us. She didn't refill our water once, which was only strange because she passed by our table with a water pitcher several times on her way to her other table. She was also nowhere to be seen when we wanted to order another drink. Honestly, if she had been maybe the long wait between courses would have been a bit more bearable. We also waited for about 15 minutes for our check. I've worked in the service industry and am usually an excellent tipper, but I had a real hard time with this one.
The bill for two was definitely overpriced for the service we received as well as the quality of food. Food was okay, but definitely overpriced (if you want to pay less money for a much better burger go next door).
We will not be returning, which is a shame because we were really hoping to have another neighborhood restaurant to add to our rotation.Made reservations for brunch at 1:30 since I knew it would be busy for the arts festival.  We arrived and were seated with brunch menus. Five minutes later the waitress comes to take our order but says "brunch is done. There no food until 2:15 with a different menu."
We said that we made reservations and were given menus, but told there was nothing she could do.  We left an are now at our table at Winnie's down the streetGood stuff - just opened yesterday. Nice step up from the old Kildare's!  Chill and good food/drinks on the first floor and outside. Looks like a DJ and club upstairs on the weekends again. Check it out.As service industry workers we try and give restaurants the benefit of the doubt. But in this case it's just an example of bad training. The server needs to be more informed of the ingredients on the menu items. If your menu offers gluten free alternatives, you should know you will be attracting guests who want to take advantage of it. Your servers need to know what is gluten free and what isn't. They should also non judgmental about your guest questions and not look at us like we're crazy. Quality of the food was super blan, no toppings on my chicken sandwich and since the fries weren't gluten free all (I had to explain to the server that if they're fried in the same frier as everything else then no they're not gluten free) Pork was dry and curry fries were drenched in a $3 up charge of curry gravy which came out all soggy. Also cocktails were not out of this world and way over priced for food that's better at Chik-fil-a. I see this place going out of business by next summer.This place was great - extensive menu and huge beer selection. Though they were out of the beer we wanted, our server offered a replacement that was pretty good. The soft pretzel appetizer was outstanding! Ambiance was lovely with exposed brick and wood and huge windows that open up fully.Sona is a great new restaurant on Main Street. Fantastic wings and a beet salad that is to die for.Are usual go to place for wings. We ordered through Caviar and they were really good. I requested that they cook the wings hard and an added bonus was they gave me all rounds (which are better than flats)! Wings had a good flavor, and they didn't disappoint! Sorry no pics (I have a bad habit of eating the food before I can take a pic).Food was great but I hate the people. I hate all people from philly. I also hate the birds. Don't come here if u don't like philly.I ate here on Saturday night at around 8:30. It was fairly crowded but we were still able to get a table by the window (the place is huge!!) Our waitress was wonderful and very accommodating, although we were really disappointed that a few of he beers we wanted off the list were kicked already.
As far as food goes, the pierogis were great! Super crispy and very flavorful. The truffle fries were delicious and the brussel sprout appetizer a huge portion and super yummy! 
I didn't have the wings but my brother did and was a fan. He had them buffalo style and felt they were a great size and that they were crispy.
The burger and chicken sandwich were said to be good but nothing special!
Will return to try more of the menu and sip beers from their long beer list!Don't get me wrong, this is a great place as far as the food is concerned, but the bartenders leave something to be desired. They advertise $5 red bull vodkas 9-11pm on saturdays, but after I ordered two during that time frame, I was hit with a bill that charged $8 for the vodka and $11 for "red bull orange blossom." After bringing up the issue, first I was told it was my fault for ordering specialty red bull (I said "red bull vodka please" I have no idea what red bull orange blossom is) then after I tried to clear the misunderstanding I was told I ordered them after the special ended (their website said the above hours, I ordered at 10:45 PM and 10:53 PM by my phone) and when I stated the times, first I was questioned that I finished the drink that fast then told it was my word vs the bar tender. I am someone who believes in paying everything I order and tip generously given even mildly decent service. After a couple minutes arguing, they finally fixed the bill (hence 3 stars instead of 2), but it shouldn't have gotten that far. I've been here a couple times before and the service has been pretty solid, I still recommend this place to friends as it's good on the whole. However, after tonight, I feel the need to speak up and let people know. I really hope this is a one-off from one bartender, but believe me, I'll be watching in the future!
P.S. I literally signed up for Yelp just to post this review as it's the first time I've ever been so incensed to actually write one.We came here on a Sunday night and had Calamari, Short Rib Mac and Cheese, and Truffle Fries. The fries were very good, just the right amount of truffle in my opinion! The calamari was pretty good but there wasn't a lot of it, also it had jalapeños in it which I thought was unique. The mac and cheese was definitely the best. Great cheese, well cooked spiral pasta and tasty short rib! They also had a vast drink menu and nice bar area. Definitely recommend!Our first time at Sona was when the Philadelphia Eagles defeated the Atlanta Falcons last weekend; a big NFC divisional win.  The appearance is a typical irish pub. They have televisions all over the place hooked up to loud JBL speakers. The drinks are good. I ordered the hot irish whiskey which consisted of Dubliner Honeycomb whiskey, hot water, clove and cinnamon sticks. I felt my body purify. To make it clear, it is not a sweet drink! It's a hot toddy without the honey.  The roasted Brussels sprouts were delicious. I was a little disappointed with the pita bread that came with the hummus. I thought it could have been warmer. They should grill it to bring out the flavor. However the hummus itself was great. I also liked the red peppers, cucumbers, olives, carrots and celery that came with the dish.  I think we will return to try other the drinks and food items.I find this place incredibly warm and inviting. Their Wednesday night trivia and specials on Wednesday nights are so incredible. The waitresses are some of the sweetest - so welcoming when my fiancé and I were new to the area. I don't understand any negative or critical reviews, as I have never once been disappointed. I recommend this place to everyone I know in the area, and bring visitors from out of town. No one I've ever taken has had anything but positive things to say.The food here is exceptional. We loved the pickles and calamari. The burgers were also amazing. The highlight of the night was our waitress Devon. Ask for her if you come here. She's friendly and attentive and made our night.This place was pretty good.  It was definitely weird eating brunch in what used to be Kildare's dance floor, where I spent many of my college nights, but alas, this brunch spot was decent! 
Came on a Sunday morning with my friend who was visiting from out of town.  She was staying in Manayunk, so we ended up here.  We made a rezzy for 11 AM, but it definitely wasn't needed.  There is plenty of space and it wasn't super packed.  
Our waitress was a doll. Super nice and attentive.  The food was okay, not the best, but not the worst.  Just okay. (Definitely not as good as Le Bus down the road).  I got the breakfast burrito.  My pal got the scrapple cheesesteak, she didn't love it, so I don't recommend...so she also got the chicken and waffles.  We also got pirogies for appy and those were the most tasty!  
They have good mimosa and bloody Mary deals on Sundays.  $5 a glass and $20 a carafe. It was Eagles game day and as we wrapping up brunch, the TVs got super load - seems like a nice place to catch the game.  They also have game day drink specials. 
In all, subpar! May be back, but it def won't be my first choice.Loving this place! Open airy feel.  Good service. Nice outdoor seating. Menu is AWESOME. I've been here a few times and everything I've tried has been great. I also work at a restaurant on main, so I'm impressed on how quickly they're working out the opening kinks. I'd love to see more food specials. So far so good and I'm glad they're replaced Kildare's!