Had a pretty good cheesesteak for lunch. Would definitely go back again for another sometime. Not very good odds on the claw toy machine and also it would not accept dollar bills only change. Definitely worth trying this place.A neighborhood legend that now delivers! Don't let the "under the bridge" scare you. This place is AMAZING. I'm so happy they will now deliver just about anything the have! I give this family owned business an excellent rating because it is VERY WELL DESERVED.This place makes a mean cheesesteak. I recommend the provolone cheese.Great manayunk staple, their jalepeno poppers are amazing! friendly fast service.Best cheesesteaks & hoagies in Manayunk!! Their breakfast sandwiches are pretty good too. It's nice and quick, so you can either order & wait there for call ahead. The fact they only take cash is the only downside, but at least they have an ATM.Small hole in the wall, but the deli meat was cheap and very tasty. The ham capollini or whatever it was called was great. The owner let me try a piece without my asking. I would definitely want to come back for my deli needs. Not a large selection, but that's good. Less things to decide, easier shopping, and they have good stuff.They make a really good veggie cheese steak (i realize that is an oxymoron). LOL. Space is limited but we sat outside on a bench since the weather was great.One of the best cheesesteaks (I like mine with provolone) you can get in all of Philly and the burbs combined.  I've never ordered anything else here so I can't comment, but I'm sure, judging by the quality of their steaks that everything (breakfast sandwiches, etc.) are great.
If I am in Manayunk and I'm jonesing for a great, (non-greasy), yummy steak, this is definitely the place.  Small, non-descript, little no-frills deli, that you wouldn't look twice at, but what a sandwich they make.  I've been going for years whenever I happen to be in the neighborhood, craving a steak sandwich and I want the best.I haven't given a 5 star out in a while, but these guys have definitely earned it. It's a really short walk from the Manayank train station, and is usually open for when your train gets back. I first stopped in to get a drink on a hot day without having to worry about running all the way to a supermarket. The interior was run down, so it took me a while to trust the kitchen. Still, when I did..
Not only are they one of the cheapest places I've found in Philly, I don't think that I've ever found a better cheesesteak. Better than Chubby's, better than all the food trucks and late night places I've been to. They take a surprising amount of care with it, and I frequently wind up with enough for two meals out of the thing. Being cash only is slightly annoying, but if it keeps the prices down I'm not going to complain.Italian hoagie was solid -- good quality meat and decent bread.  Could have used a little bit more meat.
Sandwich was better than the wait, which was interminably long with seemingly little control over the order in which sandwiches were made.  Orders placed before us were still waiting after we received ours, orders placed after us got theirs before us... definitely not a "first in first out" process.Unbelievable cheesesteaks!  We had the sample during our Chew Philly tour and I am hooked.  Going back soon to sample some of their other sandwiches.This place is great. The staff is really nice and helpful and they are pretty fast. They have sandwiches which are good, ice cream, and chips and sodas. A great place to walk to for lunch or to get to-go.
*It is cash onlyGreat hoagies and steaks.  Burgers are good too and super cheap.  One of the best in the area.Honestly the best Italian sub I've ever had in my life. Fast service too. Will be back again!Sorrentino's is great, hands down one of the best of the many hidden treasures in Manayunk. It is a no-frills, corner establishment that is the perfect place to grab a steak or a hoagie after work. The meat and cheese selections in the deli section are delicious and are fairly priced. The old time feel and friendly interaction with the employees harks back to an earlier time that has since been left behind in a pile of fast-food and diminishing attention spans. Forget Acme or Giant, go here for the coldcuts, you won't be disappointed.I love the hoagies here! They're always fresh and taste great. Also, their breakfast hoagies are a nice change from the typical breakfast sandwich. This place is always quick and reliable for a good meal.Breakfast sandwiches are amazing, hoagies are amazing, cheesesteaks are amazing, French fries are amazing....
Nothing beats the mom and pop shops. Their prices are low and the food is made well. My friends and I frequent Sorrentinos as we live right down the street, and they never disappoint. Not to mention they have a variety of drinks in the store as well as coffee. Love it here!I stopped by here yesterday and ordered a cheesesteak. Their bread is on point. Perfectly baked. I liked the ratio of meat to cheese sauce. I should have been more creative and added fixings. I really like the atmosphere of this place. It's definitely a true corner store. I want to come back soon and try one of their breakfast sandwiches that everyone is raving about!Sorrentino's is a favorite of Manayunk locals and it's easy to see why.  I think it has the best cheesesteaks in the Yunk (much better than Duff's right down the street); their cold sandwiches are what you'd expect and both come at some of the best food prices in Manayunk (I usually pay $5.25 for a pizza steak hoagie with mushrooms).
As far as the grocery store aspect of Sorrentino's goes, you'll find milk, cream, fresh hoagie rolls and hamburger buns daily (in the basket by the cash register for 50 or 75 cents depending on who is working the register).  Like Laura D. said, you won't want to get everything here - most of the stuff looks like it's 2+ years old, but it'll help you when your in a pinch.
Sorrentino's is definitely a neighborhood establishment - I was talking with my next-door neighbor the other day and she was heading down to Sorrentino's to pay off this week's "cigarette" debt.  I guess if they know you well enough, you can build-up a tab.Place is an old school neighborhood deli/grocer. Their breakfast sandwiches, hoagies, cheesesteaks are all dynamite and generous portions.This is a great place on the corner. I am solely basing my review on the cheesesteak I got. It was PHENOMENAL! The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. It had onions and sweet peppers, but you can also choose hot peppers instead. Whatever cheese they used melted perfectly with the steak. Not to mention they give huge portions! I would definitely go back again. Find a good spot outside and enjoy.Great place for a cheesesteak!  And very friendly too!  Solid bread, good cheese, good meat, great price.  Mirroring what a lot of reviews on here already say - great hoagies and cheesesteaks at the right place.  It's cash only, but they do have an ATM in the back (cheap too, only $1.75 fee).  Most places in the area charge $3.00 ATM fee.  Part of my weekend when I'm in the area.I lived near Sorrentino's for 3 years and this grocery/deli was a small gift from heaven.  It is family owned and operated.... and it's a great family!  Always greeting customers with a smile and hand making all orders on the spot.  Even though I lived less than a block away, I was guilty of calling ahead sometimes to avoiding waiting the mediocre 5 mins for my sandwich.  The store is small though, so if you are waiting, it's best to do it outside.  
My go-to choices were either a turkey and cooper sharp cheese hoagie (dry, with tomatoes, onion, lettuce, banana pepper rings and seasoning) or a cheesesteak with American cheese, onions, and red sauce. It was always the right amount of freshly sliced American, melted ever so gently with the meat and onions, and then topped with a small helping of tangy red sauce.  I would sometimes get the sauce on the side, but either way you like, they are always made-to-order and I especially like the final product.  Some cheesesteak joints in this city think bigger is better, but I think quality ingredients and care creating the cheesesteak make the difference.  After all, I don't want to be wearing it when I'm done, and with Sorrentino's sandwiches I could always count on a delicious, mess-free meal!
The service if GREAT, the price is RIGHT ON, and the cheesesteaks are the BEST.I love sorrentinos! Most of the staff is always happy to see you, and if they don't act happy, they are at least down to earth.  The food is delicious and even with all the other Markets popping up around Manayunk, they are still my go-to! Their ingrediants are always fresh - my fav is a turkey club on wheat!! YUM. 
PS. Cash only!One of the best tuna hoagies I've ever had! It was fresh and not too heavy with mayo. Definitely will keep coming back.My wife thinks these are the best turkey hoagies she has ever had, and though I like to argue with her, I can't on this point. 
Turkey + American, LTO, pickles, hot peppers, and light mayo and oil. regular mayo and oil when I've been good. Pepper + Oregano and voila.
Throw in some $.99 UTZ chips and you're dancin'.
They just posted new menus as well that look nice and are easy to read.
It doesn't hurt they are a friendly family-owned business and most everyone there greets you with a smile and occasionally some banter. Their breakfast sandwiches are yummy as well. Only groceries I get there tend to be milk and eggs, not sure if the other items sell but I guess they do or they wouldn't have them. I'd buy a t-shirt, hat, or other Sorrentino's merchandise if they sold them...Sorrentino's delivers a good cheesesteak. It's not great, but it is good. The sandwich itself isn't girthy and could use more steak, but the price is very reasonable so it resolves the girth issue there. There could have been more onions on the sandwich, too. Also, this was the first time I ever got a provolone cheesesteak, and it was better than expected, so another point for Sorrentino's.
I'd like to add that every time I've been there, the two women behind the counter were very nice and welcoming. I'd recommend anyone to try Sorrentino's out for the cheesesteak and its other food items.No frills, no fuss.  Located one block off Main Street under the tracks, visiting Sorrentino's is like stepping back in time.  Expect inexpensive, delicious made-to-order breakfast sandwiches ($2.50 egg + cheese on long roll).  This deli has a grill for m-t-o hot sandwiches, tons of chips, a couple cases of drinks & a small dining room in the back.  
For the adventurous eater they offer veggie cheese steaks with fake meat & vegetarian "crabby patties" but for now I'll stick with their grilled cheese.  
Cash only.Solid, consistently good steak and hoagie spot in Manayunk. There are arguably better cheesesteaks in Roxborough (Dalessandros) and better hoagies on Main St (Angelo & Josephines)... but for the price - this place can't be beat.
Also a small market inside if you need to pick up some random items.
Friendliness of the staff can be hit or miss, but hey its Philly.
Cash only but an ATM inside.I called today to order a cheesesteak. A lady hung up on me. I called back and she left me on hold for 10 mins while I heard her and a coworker gossiping in the background. I would never order from you guys again.This is a gem in Manayunk that many overlook. Great hoagies selection of Italian premise things like at most delis is a little lacking but stop in for a sandwich and you won't regret it.Place gets my vote for the single best cheesesteak in Philly. Perfect, every time.Best breakfast sandwiches! Hot sausage, egg & cheese with salt & pepper on a fresh long roll for under $5 - need I say more?! A great, local, family-run business that keeps us coming back for more - even after moving out of Manayunk.The breakfast sandwiches are bombbbb! I am usually in there 3 times a week. Plus they carry rosenbergers chocolate milk, also bomb. I'm sure the rest of the food is at the high standard the breakfast sandwich variety is.No-frills local Manayunk deli with excellent cheesesteaks.  Usually takeout as the seating area in the back is not exactly a showcase of coziness and beauty.I ordered an Italian hoagie from here last weekend and have been suffering from SALMONELLA POISONING all this week. My boyfriend ate a cooked sandwich and was fine so this place isn't all bad, but they need to be cleaner/wash their hands I am guessing. It has not been a fun week, so be carefulLoved the cheesesteak - and I don't usually like cheesesteak!  That's all I had therePretty good sandwiches for an awesome price. My go to sandwich shop in Manayunk. 
Only con is that it's cash only.Forget the "Big Name" places when you come to Yunk.
The quality at Sorrentino's leaves them in the dust.
Really nice folks, too.Service was fast and friendly. It was a quick turn around time between ordering and walking out the door with a couple of cheesesteaks. 
The steak was everything is should be. The roll was great, onions sautéed until they were nicely translucent, and the cheese was mixed nicely throughout the sandwich. 
I'll definitely go again.Awesome cheesesteaks and breakfast sandwiches are the specialties here, but it's great to have a little place like this right around the corner when I need milk, cereal, or something else typical of convenience store fare.   The outside of the store isn't particularly eye-catching, but when it comes to the food they are ON-POINT.   $6.50 for a delicious cheesesteak made-to-order?   Their bread never disappoints, even at 10PM.   Come on - don't ignore this modest place.   CASH-ONLY (ATM in the back)Quintessential example of a classic Philadelphia deli.
We came here as part of a food tour, so this isn't a very comprehensive review, but we were impressed with the history of the place. Also, the cheesesteak we got there was delicious! Real deal on a fresh local roll.Type of hoagie that you crave.  Probably pick one up once a week. Made very quickly and a good price.Breakfast sandwiches and cheesesteaks stand out as Sorrentino's best offerings. I love having this place in the neighborhood - the family is always there running things, and the food is consistently good. They also have space to eat in. It's cash only though, so come prepared.Great breakfast sandwiches. Good steaks. And always a local to converse with.Sandwiches are decent enough. Prices have gone up a lot over time but the quality has been consistent. Biggest issue is that the website and door both say they close at 11 but the three times I've been here just after 10 the doors were locked and lights half off. Really annoying when it's late and I'm starving after work. Oh well.I prefer to support family owned small businesses like Sorrentinos as opposed to the big chains like Primo and even Wawa. They make delicious sandwiches and the prices are right! I am partial to the Chicken Cheesesteak with fired onions, peppers & cooper sharp cheese. Their breakfast sandwiches are also quite good, try the sausage, HASHBROWN, egg and cheese on a kaiser or bagel. You won't be disappointed.I just started working in the area "2" weeks ago - was on a mission yesterday morning to find a "deli" place. I just wanted a simple ham & cheese on wheat... delicious. Then this morning I ordered a breakfast sandwich and it was perfect! Great customer service as well - very pleasant STAFF!!!!! I will be there everyday!!!!! Thank you-Do you want to see what a perfect Philly corner deli looks like?  Then head to Sorrentino's in Manayunk. The staff is friendly, they stock a few staples that you or your pet might run out of it, and the food at this popular place is great.  In fact, I'll go so far as to pronounce their Breakfast Sandwiches to be the tastiest I have ever had in Philly. To be honest they are the best Breakfast Sandwiches I've ever eaten anywhere in the world.  And they serve them all day ... which is especially cool after a fun and long night out partying and waking up hungry the next afternoon.  You can eat them either In their backroom café area or take them home.  All their concoctions are good here...the cheesesteaks are awesome.  And I love that they have Bai5 antioxidant infusions to drink.  Sumatra dragonfruit Bai5 always pumps out much needed energy.
Sorrentino's is timeless ... literally!First of all-be warned, this is cash only.  They have an ATM, fee is $1.75, which is low compared to some other ATM fees.  
I ordered the cheese steak (it's Philly!  come on!) and fries to share with my son.  Dude.  The cheese steak was AWESOME.  Fries were among the best I've ever had.  Crispy, flavorful, just good fries.  I would totally come back here again and again on a visit to Philly.  Way worth it.  Only negative was a scary homeless dude who took up residence and was ranting about chairs, then left.  Weird.  But I think that's any city, probably.  Great food.The cheesesteak was pretty good, not as good as some of the reviews make it seem... but for the price it's decent. Service was quick and I found the staff to be perfectly considerate.
Wasn't blown away, but seems like a decent option for sandwiches in Manayunk.Great hoagies, steaks and nice owners!  I usually go with a turkey hoagie, it's always fresh and delicious.Fresh hoagies, nice people! Call ahead so your order is ready, because the place inside is super small. No place to eat inside, so take your tasty hoagies or sandwiches to go!This is the place to get your hoagies & cheesesteaks. I've been going to this little hole in the wall for 10 years. The food is always fresh, I've never been disappointed. The staff is friendly and the prices are great. My order has never been wrong and it exactly what I ask for. Don't let the outside turn you away - you can't judge a book by its cover. Try it, you'll like it.Not gonna lie the food is great n good prices. Order anything basically and it will be just great. The ladies that are their during the day are always great. Its nice to have a place like this in the neighborhood you can call any time for a great sandwich anything like the delicious 3$ burger to A special turkey melt! Breakfast especially,try the bacon egg n cheese on a long roll.lol this place is so ghetto, I can't stand it! But I don't mean ghetto in a bad way, more in a it makes me love this place way. I actually didn't go here for the longest time because I was totally turned off by how it looked on the outside. The inside isn't any better. But the sammiches are totally worth it!! I haven't had a sammich here that I haven't loved. And their fries are those double crispy kind, not the normal soggy deli kind you get. Great family establishment! I wouldn't touch the grocery goods they have with a 10-foot pole, so I'd steer clear of those. They do have a dispenser for doggy treats too which is nice. The only reason I don't go here more often is because I rarely have cash on me and this place is cash only.Best corner store ever!!!! I get there penny candy any chance I get. My girlfriend and our two kids crave and get candy there all the timeHeard about this place by word of mouth. I don't know why it took so long for someone to tell me about it! We got a couple hoagies to take to the Phillies game. The store is a typical corner shop. The hoagies were inexpensive and pretty big. They were so good we ate the whole thing and wanted more! You gotta check this place out! Stay tuned for my review on the cheesesteaks, we will be getting them soon!I pass by Sorrentino's every day on my way to/from the train station, and finally last night decided I had to go after the smell of bacon literally had me drooling as I walked by.
Cash only, but they have an ATM if you're in a pinch. Prices are up a bit from the older photos on this profile, a cheesesteak will run you $8 ($8.50 for a cheesesteak hoagie), but you get a big sandwich large enough for 2 of my lunches.
I got a cheesesteak hoagie with provolone (no whiz available here!), and they combine the cheese with the steak so you're getting the full bite every time. This is personally how I prefer cheesesteaks to be made, so I'd say Sorrentino's is my favorite that I've had since living in the Philly area. If you're a wiz-wit purist, this isn't your spot, but you could grab a grilled cheese or hoagie instead!
I can't wait to go back for a BEC this weekend. Staff is friendly, prices are reasonable for other supplies/canned goods.Awesome little neighborhood spot. Grabbed. Bacon egg and cheese on a long roll and some tenders. Solid breakfast sandwich and friendly staff. Calling ahead is def. recommended but they do have a small seating area with tables to wait. Cheers!Hands down nothing but good things to say about sorrentino's. My absolute favorite place for breakfast sandwiches. I Eat here almost twice a week !Very close to being my favorite cheesesteak in all of Roxborough/Manayunk. You have probably driven by the place a thousand times and never even thought that inside was one of the best kept secrets and true gems in the entire city. Seriously, this place is awesome. No frills stick to your ribs food at insanely cheap prices.The only reason I didn't give this little grocery store a 5 is because they don't have a huge selection of food. However, the employees of this store need to be recognized for their great customer service. Every time I have gone in there, I have been welcomed by a smile or a hello. They are all extremely friendly and seem to genuinely enjoy serving customers. So many times we walk into businesses where we are met by frowns or just plain rudeness, that when we experience a place like Sorrentino's Deli, we need to give them a shoutout. Keep up the good work!Top 3 best cheese/chicken cheesesteak in philly. Better than delassandros. The cook and register girl and very friendly. I'll come back even when I move from Manayunk. $7 for a fat steak & $2 for fries (also delicious) you can't beat that.Stopped in today with my family while we were on a Chew tour.  Great cheesesteaks!  As advertised,  the roll makes all the difference.I'm a in-the-trenches sales guy.  Drive around the metro Philly area and try to bring my lunch each day so I can keep the arteries clean and the gut in some respectable contour.  So the only thing I allow myself when I do buy my lunch is a tuna on rye, lettuce and tomato.  Stopped in Sorrento's and loved it.  Great sandwich and a nice boutique bottled tea drink.  Place is original retro, old Manayunk... expected to see Frank Rizzo walk in the door.  (Not really)  I got a kick out of the fact that they have hamburgers on the grill for 3.50.   I mean, come on, that is so cool in an un-ironic way!This is one of those lovable little holes that makes really great food. I will argue that it has the best cheese-steak in the city, as well as all those little deli things that make you want to keep coming back. The people are super friendly. If you ever randomly need little things, and don't feel like going to acme this place is awesome.Definitely a true Philly cheesesteak...no cheese whiz here!!   Stopped on a food tour and had the cheesesteak...delicious!!!Above-average cheesesteaks. They put a little bit of homemade tomato sauce on the sandwich, which changes everything.
Forget what you know about cheesesteaks. Go to Sorrentino's.This place is classified as a grocery, which I suppose it is, but their deli sandwiches are the only real reason to go.  It looks dumpy hole-in-the-wall, which again, it is, but they make a mean turkey or roast beef hoagie.  Fresh deli meat piled on a fresh deli sub roll... 12" subs for only around $6-7 (I forget their actual pricing)... way fresher than that place Jared is always raving about... what's not to love?  I've never had their cheese or chicken steaks, but I imagine they're good too.
I wouldn't touch the couple boxes of Wheaties or Uncle Ben's rice that look like they've been sitting on the shelf since before Bush was prez (not W), but they do have a nice selection of chips and drinks to compliment your sandwich.  And they have one of those machines where you manuever the claw to pick up lame prizes to frustrate you while you wait.  If you're looking for a quick bite or really good hoagie in manayunk, stop in!Everyone knows that we, Philadelphians, take our cheesesteak seriously. But don't fret: I'll tell one secret hole in Manayunk walls.  Sorrentino's!
Sorrentino's is your old fashioned cheesesteak. It is the real-deal. We know how to hunt for a classic Philly Cheesesteak.
Four Solid Yelps.Low rating because the employees didn't tie the bag with our hot peppers, but they still put it in with our cheesesteaks, and the vinegar got all over the back of our car and all over the cheesesteaks. 
Will now have to pay to get our upholstery cleaned. 
How do you not remember to tie a bag with liquid in it?Best place for a cheesesteak in Manayunk! Sorrentino's is an old fashion corner deli (complete with swinging screen door) that serves up breakfast/lunch, as well as stocks basic household and food pantry necessities. 
Their steaks sandwiches are more than affordable and served on extra long hoagie rolls. You'd be hard pressed to find a better value anywhere else in Philadelphia.
Sorrentino's also offers a solid variety of toppings to add to your cheesesteak. Go with bacon, banana peppers, and fried onions - trust me.My 450th different cheesesteak!!  I am very happy that I had my 450th different cheesesteak in a historic building.  The two young men working could not have been nicer. I like that my Cheesesteak was $8, there was inside seating and a bathroom to wash my hands.  I liked the roll even though I think it was too big for the amount of meat.  It was a good amount of meat but the roll felt empty.  I would have also liked more cheese and a little more flavor.  Overall it was a good cheesesteak experience.This is a little deli we stopped at on the Philly Chew Tour.  The place has been around a very long time & the building has a lot of history behind it.  Has been a family run business for some time.
I like that there are a few steps up from the deli where you enter where they have a few tables & you can sit & eat.  There is a window in the dining area where you can look down into the kitchen & the deli.  Through the window you can see meat hooks hanging above the stove.  The place was a slaughter house in a previous time.
We tried, what else in Philly, but cheese steak.  It was on a nice soft hogie roll & tasted delicious!  Although you didn't actually see the cheese, you sure tasted it.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I would definitely return if I were in the area.I came, I saw, I conquered. This place has the best cheesesteak I've had since I've been living here. Yes, that includes the tourist traps Geno's and Pat's. The meat was seasoned perfectly; just enough to have it taste well, but not overwhelming. The cheese was layered between the meat so that each bite had a bit of the grease and cheese that left me watering for each bite. Lastly, the bread was softer than the hands of newborn babies. I had the pleasure of having my food prepared by Katie. She definitely hooked me up, but I'm sure she adds love into the ingredients for all the food she makes.The best cheese steaks in the Roxborough/ Manayunk section of Philadelphia, if not the best in Philly. I've been going there for years and they're always top notch. The other menu items are good too!Heaven!  Best cheesesteak in Philly!  Tried all the hype but Sorrentinos is the real deal. And real Philly soft pretzels!  I'm planning on proposing to the lovely lady who made my sandwich!  So good.