A neighborhood feel, this Italian restaurant is a nice change of pace in Center City, plus it's a BYOB. The restaurant is filled with warm aromas from the kitchen and serves nice 'homemade' feel dishes. Nothing spectacularly creative, but definitely a solid meal!Went here on a cold Friday at 8pm.  We were walking so parking was no issue for us.  Got one of the last tables, we didn't have a reservation.  It is a very small place and the service was good and the prices were reasonable.  I ordered the ravioli with meatballs and my husband ordered pasta with pancetta.  Both dishes were very good and the portions were perfect.  I got chocolate mousse for desert.  It was just ok.  It seemed like it was not made in-house. I would recommend this place but not on a cold night.  The only reason for my 4 star rating instead of 5 is that the dining room is small and every time someone arrives, the door opens and a gust of cold air flows through the dining area.  They keep the temperature warm in there, but it is not enough to offset the cold when the door opens.  If you are dining with more than 2 people you probably need a reservation.  I will go back again but definitely not during the winter months.I came here last Friday night with the wifey and a good friend.  We made a reservation for 6:30 and there were no issues getting seated.  The food was really good!  I had the carbonara which was excellent, pasta cooked perfectly, flavor was robust (I'm still thinking about it!) and the portion size was generous.  Wifey had the pasta special which was supposed to come with salmon, but she substituted chicken instead.  They still charged her $23 which is ridiculous, but at least she enjoyed it.  
So, this place would have gotten four starts but for the overcharging - we asked our waiter about it and he didn't seem to care.  He said he spoke to the manager and "couldn't help us".I can't find anything wrong with the service. The bathroom, however needs to be brightened, it is so dark and the 25 watt bulb doesn't help.
The salad was obviously diced (lettuce should never be touched by metal, it should be torn with your hands) and then drenched with the lovely dressing. So it came out looking like it had been sitting around for days, it had a yellow tinge. There wasn't much content to the salads: Romaine lettuce, onion and a mixed green and approximately one or two shiitake mushrooms.
The gnocchi was cooked perfectly but the dish as a whole was a tad salty.
The crab meat in the linguine garda was sparse.
The tiramisu was missing the mascarpone cheese and the topping was foamy. The cake was saturated nicely with espresso.Perhaps the other reviews are from friends of the owner?  Word to the wise: beware on weekends.   This is not a food review; clearly this restaurant has not figured out the "front of the house" yet.   We had a reservation for 4 on a saturday night @8PM.  We arrived on time; by 8:25 we left after no one had even acknowledged our presence or said hello.  Given the crowd out front (other surly people with reservations who were contemplating leaving), this did not seem to be an isolated incident.  Perhaps it was just an off night, but between the reception and the demographic (loud parties of 22 year olds  with magnums of yellow tail), I do not think we will be attempting this one again.If you're going sotto for the first time, be aware that it under walnut street. You'll have to take the stairs down and find it. The place is extremely small, crowded and loud, but their food is absolutely delicious and that's the only reason I'd go back there again. I got their pesto gnocchi, and I loved it. We also tried their pizza and it was made perfectly. The place is also BYOB, which is a plus. I'd rather come here with 2-3 people than a big group. It's definitely on my top 3 best Italian dinner places in Philly.Yelp usually is always spot on but this time I was let down. I personally don't believe this place deserves a four star rating. I've had better Italian at chain restaurants. Just my opinion.I really enjoyed this restaurant.  The food and service were excellent; they have different items on their menu but also staples so you can bring people that do not typically like to try new things.  It does get loud as others say; would recommend keeping your group to 4 or less since it gets crowded as well.  But a wonderful place to eat overall!Met another couple for dinner on a Friday night and it was outstanding. 
The waiter was extremely friendly and the atmosphere was perfect for dinner. Small place but not too crowded and the noise level was low. 
I ordered the ravioli bolognese and it was perfect. The ravioli were just right and the sauce was meaty and delicious. 
The portions were a good size and everyone left full and satisfied. 
The only down side is that we did not see it is a BYOB so when we come back we will be sure to bring a few bottles of wine.I'll tell you a secret. This Italian BYO place is a hidden gem! And when I mean hidden, I mean it's under the Walnut Street bridge. The place is very warm and cozy, and the people that work there are so friendly! I've been there twice, and each meal was very good.
Recent excursion was delicious! I had the special which was duck pappardelle with truffle oil. Home-made pappardelle! Rich and dreamy. I've also tried the grilled octopus and the chicken belladonna. These are excellent choices. Next, I want to try their pizza. The portions are bigger than average, and leftovers make for a great lunch.
Now that the secret's out, I hope enjoy your next meal here!Made a reservation a MONTH ago for a bachelorette party..we got all dressed up and rushed to the restaurant.....and it was closed.  Awesome.  Never called to tell me so we had to find another restaurant to accommodate 7 people on a Saturday.At first, I thought when walking into the cafe, "How cute." The Octopus appetizer was well prepared, mostly tender and a nice flavor combination.  The buffalo mozzarella was not the authentic soft Italian texture nor creaminess.  The veal was satisfactory, mushrooms in the Marsala were tasty, but the sauce was lacking. Sadly the meal also came with over-cooked broccoli and under-cooked potato wedges, instead of pasta. When a small side of penne was requested, a bowl of the lukewarm boxed variety was served. How depressing that an Italian establishment serves boxed pasta - and then they had the nerve to charge $7 for it!! Appalling.  I sent the pasta back, after one bite, as it was such poor quality.  The charge was not removed from the bill, even though I expressed my dissatisfaction.  Prior to leaving I visited the restroom, which was half clean and also used as a storage space.  I'm certain most anyone can find a better Italian restaurant in Philly, as there are a plethora!!Two dear friends were in town, and my husband and I got together with them to have dinner and then catch a show later that evening. I made reservations for four at Sotto and we were seated promptly upon our arrival. We were able to eat our meals and even have time for espresso and dessert, all while getting in and out of the restaurant within about an hour and with plenty of time to catch our show.
Instead of a traditional entree, I ordered the grilled octopus appetizer and a side of fusilli with vodka sauce as my meal. Days later, I can still close my eyes and clearly recall that first revelatory bite into a forkful of perfectly al dente fusilli coated in that beautiful creamy sauce. Can't recall a vodka sauce more well-balanced in favor or with a silkier texture. The "side" portion was actually quite large, and if a person walks in with a small appetite, it could easily be a small entree in itself. But I was glad I paired it with the grilled octopus, bits of meat slightly charred on the outside, tender and yielding on the inside, and perfectly seasoned. It came on a bed of salad that was fresh and bright, though a bit too salty (I don't think they rinsed the capers that appeared in the salad).
I tasted a dining partner's gnocchi bolognese, which was less successful. The gnocchi were too dense and gave that dish a rather leaden character. In my opinion, they need to either refine the recipe or take them off the menu altogether.
The restaurant is small and cozy; it seats around 36 people or so. The staff were attentive, if a bit grim-faced. I would recommend Sotto as a good and reasonably-priced option if you want to dine in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.Nice hidden gem. I was very confused when the Uber dropped me off. Realized you have to go down the stairs to get there. Couldn't decide between the pizza and pasta - so I got both! And both were delicious. Had the gnocchi but changed the sauce to the vodka blush sauce (great decision!) and had he Margherita pizza which was just right. Not too thin! The ambience is like a real italy restaurant too. Bring a couple bottles of wine - it's byob! Can get a little loud in the small space but adds to the ambience.We have been hearing about Sotto for about 6 months (even though we found out it has been open for 3 years).  We went on a Friday night, because we were going to a concert at World Cafe Live, and Sotto was halfway between our house and the Cafe.  We LOVED it!  It is small, so reservations are sometimes preferred, but they accommodated our drop in request to dine. (BTW, they are not on Open Table.)
My husband and I ordered the Caprino Salad. OMG.  It was awesome!  The salad was large, and the warm goat cheese was to die for.  It had just the right amount of dressing, and the pine nuts were plentiful.
For the entrees my husband and I each had a special.  He had the filet mignon special.  He said it was so good he barely touched the accompanying sauce.  I had the branzino.  It was a full fish that was filleted in eyesight between the kitchen and the dining area (we asked if it was going to be filleted table side, and the waiter said he would love to do it, but there is not enough room in the dining area to do so).  I would have preferred a touch more balsamic vinegar in the sauce, but I have to admit it was cooked perfectly.  Both of our entrees came with mashed potatoes (yum!) and mixed vegetables.  My husband liked the veggies more than I did.
It is a BYOB, so we walked out with a bill of about $90 (including tax and tip). It was worth every penny.  Will we be back?  YES!!!!!!  They accept most credit cards (I think I heard they don't accept AMEX), so you don't need to worry about bringing cash.Sotto, hidden in an area not regularly frequented by tourists or commuters, is  worth taking the time to visit. I stopped by for lunch and was pleasantly surprised as the food and ambiance far exceeded my expectations, at an affordable price.  I had the branzino special, served atop a bed of arugula, covered in a citrusy-tomato concasse alongside roasted garlic infused broccoli rabe.  I ended my meal with a homemade cannoli and espresso.  This neighborhood gem is awesome and I will definitely return. Kudos to the chef and staff.Great food for great price! Was there this weekend to celebrate my sisters 30th bday. Loved the eggplant parm, the special, penne al vodka, and pizza.Excellent food and reasonable prices 
BYOB
Horrible acoustics 
So loud it is uncomfortable 
A shame
Good for lunch or to take home unless you don't mind the noiseOur first time here and we loved it!!!  The Homemade Ricotta Ravioli was amazing!!  Flavorful and melts in your mouth!  Soup and salads like mom used to make and dessert was the best part!!!  Will definitely be going back!!!!I love this restaurant. They offer great food, at reasonable prices, with a great family-owned, friendly "we've known you for life" kind of service. If you go once, they'll never forget you and they make you feel like they're truly pleased to have you in to dine. I've only ever gotten the gnocchi because it's so delicious, but my boyfriend has liked other dishes that he's tried when we go here. The place is small and a reservation is recommended but because of it's hidden location, it's never hard to get a table here. It's also BYO so you can save money and drink exactly what you want by bringing what you like. I'm going to Sotto tonight in fact and I'm already so looking forward to our experience! If you like good Italian and exceptional service, you've got to check this place out.I went here with three girlfriends while on a girls' weekend in Philly. We were really impressed with the cozy atmosphere and nice, wine-based ambiance. We also appreciated the BYO wine policy (without an uncorking fee). Our waiter was fairly polite but would offer no recommendations other than "you could try one of the specials." He did inform us that the gnocchi is not made in house, but the pasta is. One of my friends ordered the pasta, and it was very good. The gnocchi and accompanying sauces were quite lacking in the flavor department. They did serve us bread, but without any oil/vinegar, or oil/seasoning dips. Heck, even butter would have been ok. The desserts were also mediocre. They tasted like pre made frozen custard. Overall, It wasn't a bad experience, in fact we had a great time. The food, and staff, however, was just meh. In a city that offers as much as Philly does in the food department, you can do better!This is truly philly's best kept secret... Mario and his staff is world class. The magicians in the kitchen are unreal. Tiny BYO  spot under the bridge. 
If this spot is not 5 stars, I don't know what is..
Go there!!! Your welcome!We happened to decide to try this new and tiny Italian byo on the eve of someone's family holiday dinner, so the noise level was astronomical.
That being said, it was a fine time. I would score it perhaps a 3.5, but given the challenge of the dining room, it was 4 stars for the food and service.
Had grilled octopus that was good quality and perfectly cooked. The mozzarella app was straightforward. I love having a bottle of olive oil at the table for bread dipping. My pasta entree was good, not great.
Good little spot to make your own for the neighborhood.This is like some of the other Italian BYOs in the city which makes it good for group get-togethers, and like the others, I'm left desiring a little more than what I paid for.
It's hard for me to resist octopus anywhere, so that's what I got to start. The octopus was nicely charred and not at all chewy so good points there, but the salad it came on was soggy and the tomatoes were mealy and flavorless! And this is in the middle of tomato season! Makes me wonder where their tomatoes come from! My boyfriend got the Caesar salad which was really unexciting, so I recommend trying a different app. 
I had been craving pasta, but I ended up splitting the Sotto pizza with another girl, and found it to be pretty good. The crust is a little different- has sort of a crispy Pillsbury crescent dough taste that I wasn't a huge fan of, but the toppings were actually kind of delicious. The prosciutto, parmiggiano, and arugula were generous, but the truffle oil was totally absent! I think the pizza probably tasted better without it because it can often be overpowering, but don't advertise it on the menu if it doesn't show up on the pizza!
Overall, I would probably go back here for the BYO convenience and the predictability of the dishes. It's probably also a smidgen better than some of the other Italian BYOs you're familiar with, so it's worth trying out.  I just felt I overpaid for my octopus and the Caesar salad, but you live and learn. 
Also, just be aware that the acoustics are really bad in this place, so it gets really loud really easily. At one point, the three of us were yelling at each other at the table in order to be heard.Okay, updating my year old review...I LOVE THEIR FOOD!!  Great service, delicious food and cozy atmosphere!!!  We'll be back....again!Their gnocchi = god's gift of chewy pellets of happiness to mankind. 
Please eat them. 
Yes. 
Also byob.Wonderful friendly atmosphere. All the food was meticulously prepared and delicious. I got the sautéed branzino and it was great. All the appetizers delightful and not overly heavy. Staff was wonderful and friendly.Sotto proved an excellent, intimate atmosphere with attentive staff.  Its location under the Walnut street bridge proved even more intimate and secretive giving the room an exclusivity. The walls are clad in wine crate backs and corks giving the room an even more private feel.  Tables are well organized so as to make your party feel isolated in an otherwise small dining room.  The pricing was very reasonable and the quality and portion sizes were ideal.   was I came hoping to get the grilled octopus, but was dissappointed to find they had not received the shipment.  I was impressed by the waiter's true empathy and his insistance that the quality had not been to their standards.  I think this epitomizes the Italian slow food movement ideals.  A willingness to compromise with ingredients so as to not compromise quality.  He recommended an excellent fresh penne dish which I thoroughly enjoyed.  He was attentive to our bottle of champagne and chilled it back to temperature given the humidity of the day.  My wife was in love with her ravioli.  The room was filled with smiles so I can imagine we were not the only ones.Stopped by on Friday night with our bottle of wine. No reservations but we were asked, so incredibly politely I might add, to wait about 15 minutes. Wandered around to Spruce and 25th and walked back to get a great table along the side. Our wine was opened promptly, water options offered and we were told of the specials - all with the same kind, polite manner of the first waiter. Already we were feeling at home!  We had the grilled octopus (sooo delicious!), the pasta lamb ragout special and the lump crab pasta. Everything was incredible - perfect temperature, just the right spices, smooth tastes and textures - excellent! Despite a number of larger groups and a full house, the service never waivered. We ended the meal with a chocolate truffle dessert and a cherry dessert, plus cappuccino. We've been to a number of Italian BYOB's (Radicchio, Porcini and the sister restaurant to Sotto, La Locanda) - Sotto tops them all - for food, atmosphere and did I mention, service!  It's just a few blocks from our new place, so I'm sure we'll be regulars!The grilled octopus appetizer was bitter, and the bread was stale. But, their pasta was okay.Quiet BYO on the edge of philly. Food is always good and consistent​. The place is small but worth it. Inexpensive alsoThis place is in an odd location (almost beneath the Walnut Street bridge), but don't let that fool you. The food here is incredible. Penne pastas are great. The pizzas also looked fantastic. The place is small enough to where waiters are constantly around, but not so cramped you feel you are in another table's conversation.
Truly an Italian gem in the city.Was intrigued by Michael Klein's mention of this restaurant particularly because it was tucked under a bridge with absolutely no street level visuals.  Even at midday I felt like i was accessing some "Fernando's Hideaway" and needed the secret knock. There was a good compliment of business people having lunch and the tables held my attention as I was led to my seat because the combination of artisanal dinnerware and gorgeous provender atop them had the simply colored room bursting with color. I had chosen four entrees before I reached my table.
The pizzas are at least 14 inches loaded with unusual combinations although there is the traditional Margarita.  Paninis, salads, pastas and entrees are available and the prices are ridiculously inexpensive for the quality and quantity.
I had the Organic Whole Wheat Linguine with shrimp, asparagus and sun-dried tomatoes.  I ordered a side of Broccoli Rabe which was brilliant green, lusciously moist with olive oil and hot pepper flakes and the requisite cloves of garlic.  The pasta was perfectly cooked al dente with the accompanying items in abundance. That basket of "bread" that appeared to be flatbread had a malleability to it, was drizzled in olive oil and had a dusting of herbs de Provence. I ordered a second.
As I dined the platters going by were visually enticing.  A whole fish, perfectly browned and a pizza covered in fresh prosciutto were gargantuan and if aromas can be trusted delicious. The pace of the meal was leisurely but efficient and the staff could not have been more accommodating or friendly.  I plan on having lunch there next week with a friend.We got lucky when we were able to secure a table for 6 at the last minute on a Saturday night in this small restaurant. We started with Fried Calamari (a little overcooked) and then tried Penne Garda (more mild) and Penna Delizie (tasty brandy pink sauce), both of which had a nice flavor, but the meat was limited. 
Note - you can only use a max of 2 credit cards, so at least some of the party may need to bring cash...or be prepared to play Credit Card Roulette!I went for dinner with some friends. It's a small place, the food was amazing, and the price was reasonable. The only problem is that the air conditioning was not working properly and it was hot. Reservations are needed.We went to Sotto to celebrate my birthday.  We took our daughter and her boyfriend.  They go to school downtown and had been here once before.  It's a little hard to find, but since the kids were here before, it was no problem.  We ended up going up to Walnut St. to grab a cab for the ride back to University City.  Seemed like it would be difficult to explain to a cab driver where the restaurant was located for pick up at the door.
We had an 8PM reservation.  When we arrived the place was pretty full.  We ended up being seated around 8:05-8:10.  There is very little room to wait, just a small vestibule.  If there are a few tables waiting and it's cold outside, I can't imagine that would be much fun.  
Sotto is BYOB so we took a couple bottles of wine.  They were quick with the wine glasses.  Server was very thorough announcing the specials and we placed our order.  Soon after the waiter came out with the bread.  The bread was hands down, the most disappointing part of the meal.  Average at best.  There was olive oil on the table, but no balsamic or anything else to add.  Considering how good everything else was, they really should improve on the bread.  This is an Italian restaurant after all.
We started with the Eggplant Parmesan appetizer.  We split it between the four of us.  It was an excellent way to start the meal.  For entrees, I had the Penne Delizie with the shrimp and scallops.  Typically I do chicken parmesan, etc.  This time I went outside the box and I am very glad I did.  My entree was set in front of me and the aroma was incredible.  I took a bite and it was probably the best pasta dish I have ever eaten.  Every bite was filled with incredible flavor.  My wife had the Rigatoni Telefono.  This was also very good, but did not stand out like my dish.  My daughter had the Rigatoni Locanda.  It was her second time at Sotto and she stuck with the same thing both times.  Why mess with success?  Her boyfriend ordered the Penne Carbonara.  That was excellent as well.A great little restaurant. The food was delicious and it was nice to be able to bring our own bottle of wine. However, we had a large party, and we arrived at noon, when it opened, along with several other groups. They brought drinks pretty quickly, but We waited a half hour before our order was taken, and another 45 minutes until we got our lunch. So the service could use some improvement.My boyfriend and I went here for an early Valentine's Day dinner. Thankfully we made reservations because when we got there we were reserved the last table in the small space. 
The only reason I won't give 5 stars is because our table was awkwardly placed in the restaurant; we were squished against the window, which we felt the cold air coming through. And because it was so busy, the service was a little slow to ask us about drinks. But once we ordered, we didn't wait very long for our food (we both got Chicken Sorrentina- I highly recommend!) and our waiter was attentive despite the crowd. 
Sotto provided us with an awesome dinner. It's decor is very warm and inviting- just be sure to make reservations or avoid busy weekend nights.Visited with friends who have moved to area , and found Sotto to be very good.. After reading many reviews, I had the grilled Octopus as an appetizer, and it was very tasty..I had the Bronzini as my  entree and it was delicious .
Now for some constructive criticism, the Bronzini came with vegetables and mashed potatoes..the vegetables were fine, but mashed potatoes with the fish was odd, I would have preferred some type of grilled /broiled potatoes or such..I thought the service was good, but could have been better..Admitedly, I am a stickler for detail, so many might find the service perfectly fine..
love the fact Sotto is  a BYOB, and would not hesitate to visit againThe food is yummy, the ambiance is cozy and you cant beat the options of pizza or pasta based dishes. Veggie options available.  I've been here twice now - once on a date with the husband (the pesto gnocchi!) and once with a group of six (the mushroom/ artichoke pizza!) and both times the service was pleasant, although they could be slightly more forthcoming with the tap water refills.  Two quibbles. 1- The single bathroom is also the extra chair storage, which is odd. 2- the bread/ olive oil/ butter situation. The bread is just ok. The table olive oil is just ok. And they don't have balsamic or seasonings on the table to make your own dipping oil. The second time here I remembered the lackluster bread/ oil combo and preemptively asked for butter for the group (butter fixes all bread in my opinion) - it was decent butter yes but straight out of the fridge cold.  I would have preferred a tastier oil.  
Despite these minor quibbles, Sotto is a great addition to the neighborhood!Sotto is mediocre, overpriced, and thoroughly unimpressive.  If you are looking for really good Italian there are dozens of better options in the city.Sotto is awesome. Have been here several times with my boyfriend, who was a fan long before me. Perfect spot for date night or with a small group. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is cute and quaint. Sotta may have my favorite Penna alla vodka of all time. Bonus that it's a BYO. Highly recommend this restaurant.Sotto is a great Byob with excellent food. I went there with a group of family members and we ordered a variety of dishes. Each one was amazing. I ordered the chicken saltimbocca and I thought it was fantastic. We also ordered the entire dessert menu and everything was fantastic! I personally loved the cappuccino truffle. To find the place, it's right on the 24th and walnut corner but it's underneath the bridge where 24th and walnut would exist. It can be tricky to find, but it is definitely worth finding.I really enjoyed this place and will definitely be back.  Cozy BYO (although they could have dimmed the lights just a little).  I had the polenta and veal sausage, which was great, and the chicken with artichokes.  I also had a side of the hot peppers -- I really like the concept of lots of choices of very simple vegetables sauteed in oil with garlic.  Anyway, the food was solid, the service was good, and I'll definitely be back.This place is incredible, true Italian cuisine. All homemade, a beautiful little hole in the wall that's byow!I went here recently for lunch with coworkers and would definitely go back- after work though, so we can do BYOB! Great little spot- keyword "little"- they take reservations, which is super nice. The server was friendly and the food was great. I'd definitely like to go for dinner so I have more time to hang out and enjoy the place.I would give it 0 star if Yelp allows me to do that. It was awful. We browsed through all those rave reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a try. My boyfriend had grilled octopus for appetizer, but unfortunately it tasted like chicken. I just can't imagine how they did that, since octopus was supposed to be tender and kinda sleek... The special pasta entree with mussels and cherry tomatoes and basil was okay. Veal Francese was okay too. What was really annoying was the smoke from the kitchen. IT WAS EVERYWHERE. We could not even smell the dishes and it made our noses uncomfortable, so we just skipped the dessert. Will NOT come here again!Of all the BYOs in the University City area, I have to say I was impressed by the quality of the food at Sotto. It was solid Italian food and for a relatively large group at 9:15 pm on a Saturday (10 people), they accommodated us well. Unfortunately, it was raining (typically Philly) when we arrived and so every time we opened the door (because there were 10 of us coming in at different intervals), the table right in front got a bit wet. 
As the other reviews have said, this place is small! You have to basically yell to hear the person next to you, I'm sure this is more common at night. 
Word to the wise - I would say not to order the Foccacia Paesana as my friend ordered this, while it was good, it was very dry. I could only have finished one slice without being parched.
Other then that, I don't think you'll be too disappointed!I wasn't too impressed with this place. We had a group of people and made a reservation weeks in advance. We were not seated until 30 minutes after our reservation time and were just left awkwardly standing in the door way since there was not much room. Due to the delay we were seated with a complementary pizza which was nice. We had great service and the staff was friendly and attentive. The food was just okay it was a little salty and too plain for my liking and I normally like things very simple. The BYOB part was nice and I loved how one of their walls was covered in wine bottle corks it looked great!This little gem is tucked away under the Walnut Street bridge on 24th Street, but this secret is worth shouting about!  The first time I went there, it was to get a take-out pizza at lunch.  I got one with prosciutto, arugula, parmesan, and truffle oil, and it was a great lunch - the truffle oil made me fall in love with the pizza.  Later that month, we dined in for dinner and were not disappointed.  Having taste-tested a plethora of Italian BYOs throughout the city, I was skeptical, but the portions and quality of food changed my view.  My only concern is that others may overlook Sotto, but hopefully with enough buzz, it will continue to pull in more diners and change their attitudes, as well.I really love Sotto. The location is very strange, one story down from Walnut on 24th street. But the food makes for a great neighborhood go to Italian spot. If you are looking for a nice pasta, at a good price this is it. A great go to spot when you want to go out in the neighborhood without having to make reservations.A 5, if only we didn't have a crabby waiter. He belted out such a long list of specials in a rapid fire fashion, was borderline rude, and failed to notice our flailing attempts to bring him to our table. Maybe it was because it was a long day and we came around 9pm, maybe he had a bad day, derno. 
Sotto is cute, it's cozy, its menu is endless with reasonably priced  and perfectly proportioned entrees.  When our dishes were served to us ( in a reasonable amount of time), our waiter and an additional waitstaff individual failed to say that the dishes were piping hot before we dug in( isn't that a common thing to say for hot dishes?).
I ordered the gnocchi al  gorgonzola, a hearty dish.  The flavor tires you out after a while because its so overwhelmingly monotonously rich. It fits the bill for the perfect comfort meal, because of the creamy sauce and satisfying dumplings. 
 I dug into my cousins' dishes, which were penne locanda and penne telefono. The meatballs in the telefono were light and moist and crumbled easily under your fork, a great texture. The prosciutto was a little tough in the locanda. The sauces in both their dishes were delicious. I wish we had ordered 2 entrees rather than 3 for the 3 of us, because we were not able to finish our own entire entrees. 
Sotto is close to the heart of Philly, but in a way, is distanced from it as a quiet, nondescript restaurant (which I think is one of its strong points; its location is indeed one of the best things about the restaurant, and it has great decor) It's an awesome place to break bread in calm away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Definitely coming back again!I like the ambiance a lot. Our service was just the right speed.  Entrees were just the right size. I look forward to trying out more dishes hereWe had a nice dinner at Sotto when we were in town celebrating our anniversary. Reservations can be made over the phone (not OpenTable or Yelp Seat Me)-I called to confirm the day of and everything was all set. Service was good--attentive but not overly done. The restaurant is small and you sit close together but it wasn't loud.
Overall, the food was very fresh and tasty. We started with the broccoli rabe and sausage, which had just the right amount of garlic and oil--broccoli rabe wasn't bitter at all. I had the fettucine special with clams, mussels and zucchini (very good) and my husband ordered the veal saltimbocca--he really liked the light wine sauce. He also had a side of rigatoni with bolognese sauce. We ordered the homemade tiramisu for dessert, which came in a little glass--very yummy. Bonus: The restaurant is BYOB and there's no corking fee. 
Finding the restaurant was a little tough (our Uber driver just stopped in the middle of road!)--just walk down the stairs on Walnut bridge (?) and then it's right there--a little hidden gem!First thing you should know about this place it's byob- bring your own wine. Me and my girlfriend came here on Friday 8/29. It was our first night in philly traveling from Nyc we wanted a nice Italian spot with good wine. We came here and long behold it was byob we were pissed and since we came here 30 min from closing we were out of luck. We got for appetizers the grilled octopus and I got to say it was very tasteful, we also got the fried calamari, It was okay nothing to brag about. For entrees I got there version on the chicken Parmesan she got the veal Milanese. My meal tasted microwaved hers was pretty much bread crumbs and fat. Service was good and the person who appeared  to be the owner was nice but food wise I wouldn't recommend this place as a first option.Outstanding. Our new go-to. The house-made mozzarella is the best. The service was top notch, which we've found hard to come by in philly. Cannot say enough great things about Sotto.Very cozy little spot under the Walnut St bridge on 24th st. I think they are still working  some of the kinks out. They own 2 other restaurants - Radicchio Cafe in Old City and Locanda in Voorhees. I have no doubt they will make things  hum very quickly.
  They "ran out" of caesar dressing on a Saturday night. I opted for the Caprino Salad
Arugola, radicchio, Belgian endive, served with warm goat cheese, pine nuts and hearts of palm  - salad was tasty and fresh although the goat cheese was cold. My wife had the Buffalo Mozzarella salad - again the Mozzarella was nit warm. It looked as if it was thrown together in a hurry. We came in 30 minutes before the kitchen closed on a Saturday night, so it felt like the kitchen was trying to get out of there - however our server and the manager provided excellent service and we did not feel rushed.
Entree's - I had the Bolognese which was served over large smooth rigatoni. It was great! I highly recommend it - and will be back just to eat it!
My wife had the Penne Matriciana
Penne pasta served with diced pancetta, garlic, olive oil, in our home made tomato sauce. Nothin special about this dish. Has a great foundation - if they could enhance the flavors in this dish - it could shine.
Did not stay for dessert - but will next time. 
A lot of options here - still young - and great not having to fight for a table on a Saturday night.A Saturday evening. I wanted a quality mid-range restaurant within 2 blocks of 23rd & Walnut. I couldn't get 7:30 so chose Sotto at 8pm. But 10 minutes later they called me and offered our intended 7:30 due to a cancellation! And not expecting any changes, I hadn't even left a phone# with my name - but they took charge on behalf of a customer.
I've eaten there before, as I had at all the others in my target area, although I confess preferring both food and atmosphere of (cozy) Sotto to Cavanaugh's, Erehwon, Res Ipsa (harder), Mama Palma's, or 24.
Two of us chose the Saturday special of homemade giant rigatoni-shapes with mussels, clams, scallops, a couple of huge shrimp in a garlic herbed buttery olive oil broth/sauce. Perfection. One w red, one w white sauce. Our third chose a vegan pasta with no butters, cheeses or flesh and when he added one bite of appetizer broccoli rabe grilled greens and one of roasted jalapeño-like peppers to each bite of that entrée it was SPECTACULAR!
Invention made great into heavenly. Oh, and yes it's a bit noisy to my ears. So what... happy stomach, happy customer.I've been here a few times both with friends and on date nights. It's not super cheap for dinner but the lunch deals are great! (~$10) The food is great quality and service is generally good. I will say you need to make reservations on the weekend and one time I was here they made us wait for quite a bit. However, they more than made up for it with a free appetizer and great service. The selection could be greater and the soup of the day is like always lentil but these are pretty small details. 
Love the ambiance, food is solid, and consistent!What a fortunate discovery.  We spotted this place tucked under the Walnut Street bridge and ducked in.  It's an intimate and welcoming environment. The servers were prompt and very friendly. Most importantly, the food was fantastic!  Truly authentic Italian dining.  I felt like I was back in my nonni's kitchen!The gnocchi was bad. Very mediocre. I tried my friends dishes and i don't think that the pasta is homemade or fresh which is very unacceptable for an Italian restaurant. Staff was friendly and attentive but the food was just bad.Nice small place but a bit noisy. My friends and I had the spaghetti carbonara, veal saltimbocca and bow tie delizie  All dishes were tasty and where heartily enjoyed.  This place is  great value, and a hidden gem. Go before everyone figures this out.By far one of the best hidden JEMS in Philadelphia! This will become one of those spots that you need to know the staff to eat there food.  Its so amazing, everything from the bronzino to the pizza, I have eaten there several times and every experience is AMAZING!! Will be back!We LOVE Sottos!!  Excellent, fresh food and great service!!  BYOB is  an added benefit!Sotto is a small, authentic, Italian BYOB with a somewhat limited--but always interesting-- menu. We've dined here several times in the past, and every entree we've tried has been delicious. Interesting sauces, exceptional pastas.I'm hesitant to yelp about this Rittenhouse gem, only because it's a well kept secret and still has that truly neighborhood eatery feel.  This place is hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for, but IF you manage to find it and get a table, you're in for a treat! (If you're walking on walnut you gotta take stairs is my only hint!)  I love everything about this tiny place.  Service is impeccable and it's a place where Rittenhouse folk come to relax and dine with old friends and they stay awhile and enjoy themselves and you're never rushed to leave.  I love their grilled octopus and fried calamari apps and I'm also a sucker for their rotating specials.  However my other friends tend to all have their own consistent go tos.  This place is a BYO and it's been such a joy to be coming here over the past few years to watch the cork walls grow of all the bottles that have been opened there.  When people ask me for a truly local place that's off the beaten path of your Garces, Starr, Vetri lists for a reasonable price. This is ALWAYS my go to recommendation. Bonus tip! For those of you parking the lot diagonally across the street runs a $5-6 all night special if you park after 5pm if your parking situation gets desperate around Rittenhouse.This is my absolute favorite Italian restaurant in the city! Not only is it a BYOB, (which I love!) but the quality of the food is phenomenal! I love Italian food and I've gone to my share of restaurants in the city but Sotto, is my favorite because it's intimate, homey, and the service is superb! The entire experience from when I enter the restaurant, until I leave is always such a pleasure! The staff is amazing, quick, considerate, charming, and really strive to make the "Sotto experience" absolutely amazing!! I always make a reservation because it gets pretty busy on the weekends, it's a great place to go on a date, or even with family! Regardless, the food is always mouth watering and I have had an excellent experience every-single-time!! The waiters Niko, Ez, and Lani are super nice and cater to everyone equally. I love this place, and I think everyone else would too :)This is a diamond in the rough, tucked right under the 24th street bridge. The food is to die for.  You must try it. The Bronzino was so fresh I almost think they just caught it from the Mediterranean Sea. The staff is so attentive and friendly. I will be back for more!Solid Italian restaurant. Food was very good, and abundantly generous with parmesean cheese topping. Wait staff was stern but knowledgable and and attentive (sense of humor not necessarily required!) our party ordered two pasta dishes and a veal dish... All three were excellently prepared. The restaurant was very small, but in a good way. Things I loved: the food, the location, and the stacked extra chairs in the bathroom (for real- this kind of stuff makes me smile and is what I love about niche boutiquey places!) would highly recommend this restaurant if you are in the area and love real homemade pasta!I have had the pleasure of dining at Sotto many times since its opening. Whether it be with family, friends or on a date, this hidden 5 star restaurant always exceeded expectations. The service is top notch and they are always extremely pleasant and willing to work around any restrictions you may have. Being able to bring your own bottle(s) of wine makes the meal even more enjoyable. I have dined at most of the top rated restaurants in the city and I guarantee Sotto will hold up to any of them. Order the gnocchi or full Branzino and I'm sure you will agree.Spontaneously decided to go to Sotto tonight and was blown away by the food there. Its a small intimate dining room that is very unassuming, but each plate they brought out was amazing. We exclusively ordered off their specials, starting with eggplant parmesan which was perfect. So cheesy with excellently baked eggplant in a delicious tomato sauce. I ordered veal which came with large hunks of crab, grilled zucchini and other veggies on the side, and scalloped potatoes, all in an amazing white wine sauce. My partner got spinach linguini, with mussels and clams, cherry tomatoes, and roasted whole garlic. We were both making so much noise enjoying our food that our neighbors looked at us funny, but we had no regrets. The only thing that detracted from the meal was the bread, which was bland and over baked - I usually like it to be softer in the middle, and it would have been nice to have some flavored olive oil or butter with it, but eh, its just bread. The staff was attentive, attractive, and friendly. 
We will be back!Just such a great find like other yelpers were saying. Same guys as radicchio, I know I'm rating it higher, but I think it's primarily because of the price point of the dishes. There is a pretty large food options, and it'a a byob. I got the branzino which was fantastic. The gf was a big fan of the paccheri matriciana. It's not the most accessible location which is fun because it seems like you're discovering something secret.Overall very good food. Atmosphere is on the busy and loud size.  Neat decor, especially for a wine lover.What a hidden gem! I had no idea this place existed until a friend of mine mentioned it. It's located directly under the Walnut Street bridge and is easy to miss. The food here was awesome!! It definitely rivals some of my favorite spots in the Italian Market. Service was quick, prices were great and BYO makes it even better.It's off the beaten path because it is on the lower level of 24th st. at Walnut.   What a great place.   Service was good.  The room very pleasent.  The menu is extensive and everything we had was truly delicious with lots of different, well balanced ingredients.   We had two starters, octopus and the artichoke.   Yum blended with mouth watering flavors and greens.   Also had a lovely salad.   Also perfectly balanced.   It's BYO.   Word to the wise, if you don't like the usual noise, get there early.These folks have a complete and profound understanding of pasta and sauce. Helpful and attentive service. Intimate dining room. Bravo.Had a party of 11 and Sotto was very accommodating.  Food and service were good!Sotto was a very pleasant surprise finding this restaurant from prior reviews on Yelp. We were visiting our daughter in college and we wanted a good quality Italian restaurant at a reasonable price. This small little place put out very big tasting food! 
For starters we had the commonly ordered fried calamari which was very tasty and tender served with a nice marinara sauce with just enough kick to add a little zing..We also ordered the roasted pepper with mozzarella and provolone cheese shaved slices. Delicious! 
For our entrees my daughter ordered gnocchi with a vodka sauce ( not on the menu) which she enjoyed very much, my wife had pasta with crabmeat which she was skeptical of ordering, because it was so different, but she was pleasantly surprised. Big chunks of crab, in a light white sauce with a little arugula sautéed in. I had veal saltimbocca which was very tasty and the veal exceptionally tender. My only critique was that is was a little too salty for my taste, but I ate every last bit, so certainly not a show stopper. My veggie was an excellently prepared traditional string beans sautéed with garlic, onion, and tomato. I could have had a whole plate of it. For dessert we all shared a pistachio gelato with a Carmel topping. Nice finish. Can't forget a finely made espresso for me and my daughter. 
This is a place I will definitely visit again. It is a small place and glad we got in on late reservations because of a cancellation, so make sure to book early.Excellent BYO with fair prices.  A little tough to find, its beneath the over pass along 24th st.  
Servers were very attentive and they hustled which I like.
We were able to get a reservation for 6 people by calling in at 3:30pm on a Saturday on a beautiful spring day for the same night at 8pm.  The space is very small and packed that I was surprised we could get a party that size in (might have been a cancellation).  
Apps were excellent, especially the octopus.  
I had the fettuccine special that night (chock full of seafood).  Noodles were a bit soft which I actually prefer.  That was probably the best option among what was ordered at the table.  One person got a meat dish which was huge.  
Pasta portions were probably medium sized.  Appropriate for the price.Sotto (Italian for "under") is literally tucked away underneath the Walnut St bridge and is a treat for anyone looking for an authentic Italian BYO. We each got a seafood pasta dish, both of which were quite pricey for this no-frills place, but we were still delighted with the quality of the food. I would not entirely recommend this place to someone who does not eat meat or fish, because there is some aspect of either in almost every dish. Otherwise, service is friendly, ambience is cozy, and portions are satisfying. Come here for a down-to-earth experience and really good food.