I'm obsessed with this place! My husband and I go here several times a month as it's right around the corner from our house. It has all the staples but with chic upgrades. The drinks are delicious too! I always recommend it to friends who are visiting the neighborhood.Girlfriend and I grab lunch here often. They just redid the dining area to add a stylish bar. Yummy sandwiches, yummy soups, good coffee. Friendly staff. Would recommend. 
I personally am a big fan of the pulled pork sandwich.I really wanted to love this place after having their black bean burger at a festival but was disappointed when I sat down to eat . I will give it another go though and review this place again. I do love the decor inside and how nice and friendly the staff is.this place is the best ,,,,really amazing great textured soups and great sandwiches ,,today i had the celery root soup ,,the african peanut soup ,,and we had a crabcake sandwich and a meatloaf sandwich ,,,we shared everything ,,..all made with fresh fresh fresh ingredients,,,really good stuff ,,,,,...great clean cute eating area ,,and a friendly hipster-ish  staff !!!!!It was great soup. It was a thick soup. It was tomato basil soup of the day. The grill cheese was like a provolone cheese.I was looking forward to trying this place for a long time and I was kind of disappointed. I got the BBLT, and there were only 2 pieces of bacon! I was thinking there would be a significant piece of burrata also, but it's really just like a spread on one side of the bread. It's okay but not amazing as I'd hoped. I did also try the tomato basil soup which is quite tasty. I would try it again for something else because you can tell they use quality ingredients; I just wish it was a little more robust in this case.Great place order the pulled pork sandwich the soup both were excellent just wish this place was little closer to South PhillyHosted a private party at the Soup Kitchen for my boyfriend's 30th birthday, it was perfect. Ben worked with me to create a menu that worked out wonderfully. Since it is a BYO we were able to bring in our own beers and wine which helped to keep the cost down. A great location for a party!The food is good, the location is wonderful. My only issues is most of the servers are aloof. A few of them are simply rude. I keep going back because of the food. 
I have to say the last time we went the server was so sweet. I forgot her name but I wish the others would learn from her. We gave her a good tip. So aloof services gets you a 1$ dollar tip great service will get you plus 20%.
Get the meatloaf it is supper
After reading many of the post I think the verdict is in. The services is not the greatest -Delicious tomato basil!!!!!!! Shakshuka is yum and hearty as well. White bean chili was scrumptious and so was meatloaf sandwich.
Definitely coming back for more.I love their food and their soup is wonderful.The reason why I'm only giving them three stars is because when I order my soup to go they fill up only three quarters of the cup. I feel like I'm being gypped when I spend $5 on a 16 oz soup that's not a full 16 ounces. I'm a good customer and I enjoy going there but not if I'm not getting my money's worth.This place never ceases to amaze me. All of the food is fantastic, no matter what I order I am never disappointed. It can get pretty busy on the weekends around brunch since it's a pretty small place but it's definitely worth the wait. 
Enjoy : )GOSH, this place NEVER disappoints. I mean I've only been here twice now, but I would go here every week if I lived near here. Today, I tried something new: their bagel+lox. I've never tried bagel with lox, because I was always afraid that raw fish and cheese could end up to be a bad experience anywhere else, but here, I was ready! After the first bite, I was left speechless with how amazing it tasted. 
On the side, I got the tomato basil soup again (this time with baguette, but hardly touched it) and it tasted just as heavenly as the first time. I would've eaten more of the baguette--it was warm and toasty--but it was too much bread for me with the bagel already. The arugula salad was THE aesthetic of the entire table, but much too sour for my taste. Still enjoyed it though. 
Seriously, I can't get enough of this place!After discovering this little cafe on Yelp, I finally visited with my boyfriend.
First impressions were: 
"Wow this place is cute," and "I love the seating and lighting," as I'm pretty obsessed about good window seats for picture perfect lighting. 
The waitress/cashier came by and took our order, and our drinks and soup came out really quick, it was almost impressive. My boyfriend ordered a mocha latte and I got their "Homemade Lemonade". He loved his latte and I'd give my lemonade a 3 star, it was pretty mediocre. What stole my heart however, was the presentation. I loved how their iced/cold drinks came in mason jars. LOVE. 
Now on to the soup.. Literally almost everyone who's reviewed this cafe raved about the Tomato Basil soup, and wow.. It was amazing. Words cannot describe how delicious it was, and I'm not really a soup person!
I won't say anything more about the sandwiches because I agree with the other fellow reviewers regarding the grilled cheese and meat loaf sandwich. YUM. 
I'd come back here every week if I could. I loved every aspect about this place. The casual vibe of the cafe (brought by the employees), the PERFECT lighting and window seating, and amazing food.I was really hoping to hate Soup Kitchen Cafe on principle - it's in Fishtown, people who wear ironic glasses love it, etc. The food, however, did not disappoint.
I went on a weekday afternoon on a nice day which really lends itself to the decor - big windows make a really nice brightly lit atmosphere. The decor is a hair on the ikea side but nice and simple. 
The food is what you would expect of a place like this - pulled pork, salad with goat cheese, and other "cool" things that every other place in Philadelphia has. I ordered the meatloaf sandwich. It was very good - served on a crusty baguette with thick cut bacon (referred to on the menu as "smoked bacon" - aka bacon bacon?) and cheese. The meatloaf was great, cooked well, and I enjoyed the sandwich very much. The side of chickpea salad was not memorable.
Service was quick and friendly. Right now, they offer a free coffee with a yelp check-in which I enjoyed and appreciated. Would definitely go back for lunch if I was in the neighborhood.Very quick service. Potato & Leek soup was delicious. BBLT was nice as well. All in all it was a good place to eat. The atmosphere was a little too hipster for my taste. But food made up for it.I think I have discovered creative, unique comfort food heaven in an unlikely location!Yo this place is amazing. I eat here at least once a week. They have a veggie (black bean) burger that will make your knees weak. If you go and they have the Senegalese peanut soup available, bring a bucket because it is the best shit ever. Cheers to soup kitchenLove this spot.  Sandwiches and Soup are always amazing.  I especially love the veggie burger.  I am not a vegetarian or vegan but I choose this over everything else.By far my favorite place in the surrounding area!  
According to my Foursquare check-ins I've been here 53 times and in all those times I have not tasted a soup I didn't LOVE.  I'm constantly amazed at their ability to come up with out-of-this-world tasty new soup creations which, based on their names and ingredients, I would consider out of my comfort zone and would otherwise not try.  However at Soup Kitchen it's pretty much a guarantee that I'm going to enjoy anything I taste so I love ordering new soups when they appear on the menu.  
They typically have different soups on offer each day or two (depending on how fast they run out of the batch) so there's always a bit of a novelty factor when visiting.  In terms of solid food offerings, they have a number of great sandwiches that are always on the menu.  I'm partial to the meatloaf and typically get that each time I come.  I can also recommend the mac n' cheese with pulled pork, it's REALLY good!
The only cons of this place is that sometimes it gets a bit smoky in there (poor ventilation in the kitchen is probably the cause).
Protips: They will let you sample the soups before you order.  Also, you can buy their full-sandwich and soup combo but ask for two half's of two different sandwiches.Cute little restaurant! The chicken lemon soup was bomb! Also enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich and strawberry sour! Great place!The recommended soup was the Tomato Basil, but my husband had the Parsnip Parmesan.  Both were delicious.  We also each had a sandwich to compliment our soup.  I had the BBLT and he had the meatloaf.  Not disappointed!  Definitely going back.I love the location and food. I had their crab cake sandwich and boy was that really good. It felt like they made it fresh and their bun was on point.OK restaurant overall. Considering the name, they don't offer that many soups. The food is good but the menu is very heavy on nuts so it's not an optimal restaurant for those with nut allergy. The space is fantastic. Open design with lots of large windows to allow for lots of natural sunlight. However, the restaurant has VERY poor ventilation. Every time I go there I leave with my clothes and hair smelling like fried/grilled food for the rest of the day. This is my biggest complaint as this is something that should never be an issue for customers. In addition, some of the female servers could use some tips on hygiene.I'd like to give Soup Kitchen Cafe a five-star review, because it's got great food and a hospitable and hip interior. The crabcake sandwich, tomato basil soup, and pulled pork are consistent winners. The downer is that after several visits over a period of months, it's become apparent that the service ranges from barely acceptable to really poor. It's not uncommon to see just two servers trying to handle a full dining section, the coffee bar, the drinks bar, and the register, which means that table visits are rare,  water glasses sit empty, and patrons wait to be seated even with empty tables. And a few weeks ago, we tried to avoid those problems by ordering their food for take-out catering for a small party, but after ten-odd phone calls, many of which went unanswered during business hours or answered and then not followed up on, we just gave up and ordered a Primo's tray. Come on, Soup Kitchen, you can do better.Nice neighborhood cafe... a bit over priced but make a solid grilled cheese  tomato soup on a cold day.My server Ryan was my "coworker for the day". She was very friendly and had great service and knew when I needed conversation. I appreciate intuition like that it makes you feel welcome. She made some wonderful food recommendations and was exactly what I needed today along with a warm bowl of delicious soup. Hoping to add Soup Kitchen to my list of spots when working from home can be a drag.It's nice to find another quick stop place for bfast sandwich and coffee or small soup and salad. Food is good with lots of variety for Vegetarians and Gluten Free. 
You can sit indoors or outdoors or just order to go. It's located on a pretty little street.I go there for lunch every so often. I went today and the caldo was delicious, same for the meatloaf sandwich but while the pork sandwich was good as a whole, the pork tasted a bit gray. Tasted like it was day old. Not bad but definitely could have been better. Besides that the service was sweet and the quaint and neighborhood atmosphere is always nice.I would give this restaurant 4 stars for food and ambience but NOTHING pisses me off more at a restaurant than charging for refills of iced tea.  NOT COOL AT ALL.  for that reason alone I'll never return.Highly recommend the BBLT! The sandwiches are very tasty and the soup is delicious.  I've also had the chickpea salad and the mimosas. Both were very good! Love eating here!The food is really yummy...I love the meatloaf sandwich but unfortunately the last few times I've gone I the service has been pretty awful...like we are inconveniencing them by stopping by. Last time we vowed not to eat in again any time soon. It's a shame.I came here with my lady friend, we shared 1 soup + 1 egg sandwich. It didn't look like a lot of food but we left pleasantly sated.
- the soup was GREAT. It arrived at the perfect temperature, and we devoured it.
- the egg sandwich was disappointing because of how good the soup was, and there was asparagus which i had to take out because it ruined the sandwich. But w/o the asparagus it was tasty and had a tomato thing that i enjoyed - my lady friend didn't like it.
- the hot chocolate was bad. it tasted like warm milk. we asked for some additional chocolate and it became OK.
I definitely plan to go back, but I'll only be getting soup.I love the food and take out beers, but service lately has been ROUGH. Currently there are 2 tables and we have not been talked to for 20 minutes. We just wanted beers after work  what's up with you soup kitchen? Why you doin us like this?Owner responded to my review immediately, explained the circumstances, and offered me reparationsThis place is a real treasure.  The soups are consistently unique and delicious, the atmosphere is cozy and the coffee is good.  Get a half sandwich with soup, or the amazing Shakshuka.  I've also heard the mac n' cheese is good, but I've never been able to resist the soups for long enough to try it.  The grilled cheese, however, is amazing.
I recommend the meatloaf, pulled pork or crab cake sandwiches.  All amazing!  Soups change, but I've enjoyed the tomato basil, the parsnip parmesan and a creamy cauliflower.  You won't regret a trip to Soup Kitchen.This little place never fails to bring me back. Cool staff, great menu, super clean, cute neighborhood, windows everywhere. Today's bean soup reminisced of a succulent Spanish potage, Caldo Gallego, a Cuban favorite. My friend enjoyed the chilled Borscht and couldn't finish her half-sandwich special. Say no more!I live right by here and this place is a great place to stop and eat lunch
The soup here is great and the sandwiches hit the spot.
I've tried a variety of different things on the menu and I haven't had something that was bad. The ingredients are always fresh and the soup is made daily. You can really taste the difference of sandwiches and also the soup because of how they prepare. recommended to just stop by and grab something to eat.Another of Fishtown's best. The meatloaf sandwich is the best I've had, and their chickpea salad is very tasty. Neat and comfy set-up. Staff is pretty friendly. Wish this place was open later for dinner.This place is really "as good as it gets!"
The soups' flavors are concentrated, but naturally balanced on so many levels, it makes me wonder how they achieve such robustness in each one - especially those marked (V). The Shakshuka is no different, with a nice combination of roasted red peppers and feta crumbles, it makes you completely forget that what you're eating is basically a bowl of marinara.
The breakfast sandwiches are divine, as are the lunch options, everything is made with such care and attention, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I'm so fortunate to have Soup Kitchen right around the corner!Absolutely one of my favorite places in Philly. The staff are the chillest, friendliest souls. Every single single item on the menu is perfectly crafted. Zero pretension. Diverse customers. Family friendly. 
A gem.Honest to goodness - Best Grilled Cheese I've had in the city.  And I've been searching a while.
As for the service, I went on a Monday noontime, and perhaps they've done as suggested and staffed up.  At any rate, I received excellent service.  There were two girls working the shop, with about 8 other customers; I took a seat and got immediate drink orders, and 2 minutes later food order in.  I didn't go more than 10 minutes at a time without a friendly inquiry if I needed anything more, and both girls were cheerful and humorous.
Will definitely return.Give this place a try, it's not just limited to soup. They have great coffee and amazing croissants for breakfast, and for lunch I had the meatloaf sandwich which was awesome! Next time I am going to try one of their soups. Their menu is very creative, constantly changing, and everything is fresh!Meatloaf sandwich good. Soups are good and fresh. Great little place ! Always going back!Went for lunch for the first time today. Don't think I'll be returning ever. After being seated, I had to wave a waitress down after waiting for 10+ minutes. The food was average. And over priced for average food. Was just handed the check and not asked if I wanted anything else. Seems like this place is small enough for the staff to have things a little better organized. Plenty of better places in the area where I will be spending my money.Food is delicious but staff is bad. Everything takes four times as long as it should. I won't go there anymore just because of the aggrivation.Delicious tomato soup with amazing flavor and a delicious grilled cheese. Love the ambiance of the place and great food!First time here after starting a new job in Fishtown. Its awesome! The chicken salad sandwich and arugula salad were so flavorful and rich. Highly recommend for a quick lunch in a unique setting!The Reanimator coffee and the build-your-own breakfast sandwich is my jam! Their soups are top notch.Good cozy atmosphere and interior inside, friendly helpful servers. An excellent selection of hamburgers, I recommend if you like buns with black beans to try. I'll be back.I was sold when the congenial man behind the counter said, "the turkey chili has a little tequila in it, but not enough to get you drunk." I'll take it! Match that action with the herb chicken salad sandwich and there completes my half soup, half sandwich, whole beast of a petite lunch.
As I brought my brown-bagged kill home, I delighted the whole way about how quaint that little Fishtown treasure is. Ample room for those work/study people and even a cozy couch with a coffee table for Sunday morning newspaper readers. 
If you're wandering the hood in search of all things hearty and homemade, look no further than Soup Kitchen. A great name, by the way.The meatloaf is fantastic and deserves the commendations, but the beef short rib is delish, as well.  It is served on a toasted, soft brioche roll with a sharp white cheddar and garlic spread.  The meat is well-seasoned and tender.  I got the soup and half sandwich combo with the meatball soup (it's basically the meatloaf sandwich in tomato-esque soup form aka YUM).  Top it off with a griddled brownie (brownie a la mode) and you have a winning comfort meal.  Perfect for those cold days when you want something warm, satisfying, and yes, artery-clogging.  The place itself is so whimsical and cute, too.The curry lentil soup and roast beet sandwich I ordered were phenomenal. I don't care so much for the music selection, but the ambiance and service from the staff make up for that. This will be my recommendation for Fishtown locations especially after my fun visits to Amalgam comic book store.Hands down one of my favorite cafés. They specialize in soups and there are different kinds everyday. My favorite is the chickpea chorizo but I haven't seen it on the menu recently :( Chickpea salad is amazing.This place has great food and it is a super cute little lunch spot. Sadly some of the people that work here aren't the friendliest . 
I walked in and asked what soups they were serving , they told me and I asked how one in particular was ( a chicken soup) . The woman responded by telling me she didn't eat meat and was the wrong person to ask.  
This made me immediately walk out the door. 
Very rude and uninviting. If you have an aversion to serving meat maybe you shouldn't be working in the restaurant industry .You can tell the owner of the Soup Kitchen isn't cut from the cloth as some industry folk without even stepping into his shop. A trip to the web site isn't full of detours lauding their commitment to fresh produce, or a 30 second flash intro of iStock photos of Italy before an unsolicited .mp3 crackles through your speakers to fight for audio space with your Pandora station. No, SK differs greatly from the .pdf menu crowd. Their .com leads only to their menu, hours, and location. Shocking, isn't it? If only the Starrs and Garces could follow this lead, instead of doing their best impression of this: http://lobsterdonut.com/restaurant-excited-to-unveil-hassle-filled-web-site/
Inside the physical domain, nothing outperforms the meatloaf sandwich with bacon ($8.50), served on a fantastic baguette. There's not a super special recipe behind the meatloaf, it's just moist and done perfect. The supporting cast of aged white cheddar & tomato-thyme mayo deliver the warm and creamy flavor.
Pickled green tomatoes hide under covers of fontina, munster, and swiss ($6) and the grilled cheese is bookended by two great pieces of sourdough bread. The tomato's preserve treatment provides a smoother, less briney taste than traditional pickles while still serving a familiar acidic kick. Get it with soup and you'll be happy.
The pulled pork sandwich ($8.50) is fine, but not special. The nuance I think they're going for by employing apple/red cabbage and jalapeno aioli is mostly wiped out by the suffocating heat of jalapeno seeds. Also, each sandwich carries a small tote of chickpea salad on its side. A gentle squeeze of lemon gives it a fresh, light taste without any puckering acridness. 
An odd issue, though, is the smell. Even if you don't take a to-go bag you're still bringing home the kitchen's handiwork on your clothes due to the poor ventilation. It's a mild annoyance to wear your lunch on your shirt when you haven't even spilt anything, but not enough to bypass Soup Kitchen completely.So I am a new frequent to Fishtown these days.
I was surprised it was a BYOB so we got a 6-pack of PPA. I got the half soup and sandwich, Watermelon Gazpacho [to die for]. It is the most refreshing thing ever u can possibly have in a hot summer day. The chicken salad sandwich was pretty good, but not sure if i would order it again. I tried my friends chickpea chorizo soup, it was so goood, too bad i dont eat pork, almost made me do it!
Our server was super nice and helpful, and the decor of the cafe really makes me feel like i'm in my own living room [since my house is nothing but shades of grey].  I honestly can't find anything to complain about...
Very good vegan and vegetarian options, I really appreciated the fact everyting was healthy and din't make me feel sick. Really looking forward to trying out their other soups! They have recently started carrying Darling's cheesecakes which will leave you speechless, so ask for it!
I can't believe I forgot to take a picture! I guess my date was that adorable and funny :|Really great lunch experience here!  Sick as a dog and was looking for some homemade soup.  Their Nicaraguan chicken and rice stew hit the spot!  As good as what I make at home.  The Hubs enjoyed the quinoa veggie burger and a Hoegarten.  Very friendly service, and we were able to eat outside with our dog.  High quality comfort meal and reasonably priced.  Wish they were around the corner from my house, but will definitely go back again!I went here because I found it on Yelp and I loved the name.  I got a half-sandwich and a soup for $9, and my friend got a salad and a soup for about the same price.  She loved the watermelon soup that I ordered, and I enjoyed the soup that she ordered (I forget what it was).  She didn't like her salad all that much, but I loved my pulled pork sandwich.  The portions were perfect for her, but they were tiny for me.  I think it would probably be better to go for lunch than for dinner.
As I was leaving, I got a Vanilla Chai Shake for $4, and it was really good.  The service was pretty good overall.I can't speak to their food, and the only thing I've ever ordered here is a to-go hot tea.
However, I've been a patron at Soup Kitchen more than once, and I just have to give a special shout out to their staff. I've never had a negative interaction. Every employee I've encountered is kind, well mannered, and down to earth - the type of people who seem to genuinely respect and enjoy this establishment.
So bravo to the management, the staff, and this cute little cafe for their customer service. It will keep me coming back!The food here is amazing. Actually, let me rephrase that. The beet sandwich is freaking delicious, and I've not tried anything else because it's so good I can't bring myself to try anything else. The staff is pretty friendly, but service can be really slow. I've eaten in 3 or so times and each time I've given up on the server and got myself water from the pitcher that sits by the cash register. Maybe this is what you're supposed to do, and I'm just mistaking this for a sit down restaurant when it's actually just a serve yourself cafe. If it is, they should set those expectations.
Either way, if you like beets and goat cheese and happiness, you should try the beet sandwich. That sandwich alone is 3 stars in my book, even if I'm dying of dehydration while eating it.All of you leaving poor reviews must not know what good food tastes like. This is the second time we have come, and this time was just as good as our first time. We loved the grilled cheese and tomato basil so much the first time, we couldn't not order it again! We also ordered the Mac and cheese which did not disappoint. Lots of different cheese flavors, well seasoned, and HOT which Mac and cheese some times isn't in the restaurants by the time it gets to your table. We also ordered the chick pea salad.... Delicious!!!! Feta cheese, basil, red onion, and lemon all made this a truly remarkably unique salad! We cannot wait until our next visit here!!I highly recommend Soup Kitchen Cafe for a party or catering.  We had a surprise birthday party for my wife here.  Ben and Brian pulled out all the stops to match my budget to an awesome party.  They made a very relaxed atmosphere (music, set-up and food) for 17 people.  The event was very simple for me; they gave me some options on menu, helped set-up a time and even helped pick out the wine I bought.  With all the excitement around their newspaper write-up and increase in their business, they made me feel like nothing was more important than my party.  Thanks guys!Food is really good, but service is inconsistent. I've been here several times and we've had long wait times and everyone at the table's food came out at a different time, which was off putting.Perfect place for lunch and very affordable! They serve all their sandwiches on gluten-free bread from a local GF bakery called Taffets in the Italian Market. Very yummy! I've had both the grilled cheese and meatloaf panini - both amazing!Food is really really good! The vegan grilled cheese was amazing!! And now I'm on the hunt for vegan cheese to make my own. Love their combinations of flavors like cucumber lemonade. Love the decor, really laid back comfortable atmosphere. Service was good my only critique is that all three of us ordered the soup & 1/2 sandwich lunch special but they brought full sandwich and bowl of soup and charged us accordingly. It was a lot of food. 
Regardless, If I lived closer I would frequent this place.Well that was awful!  I sat there at a table for 15 minutes.  Waitress never came to my table, went to table next to me 3 times.  No water, no acknowledgement, nothing.  Trust me when I say I am not invisible.  What a waste of time.  That's really was the worst service ever!!!Probably the best meatloaf sandwich I've ever had. Their soup is always delicious. This is a great lunch spot in Fishtown!Awesome food! Awesome service! Awesome staff! My biggest complaint (and the reason for 3 stars) are the coffee cups. They suck!! They always leak!! It just ruins their delicious cup of coffee. I hope they rectify this problem soon!!I stopped by this place around 5pm on a Monday afternoon; I had checked out the menu online and was craving some pulled pork. The place is within walking distance, which is nice, and when I arrived the place was empty. There were literally 2 people working, some flies, and a ton of empty seats. Nothing wrong with that, however, and I fully understand it being dead for the time and day of the week. 
My first and only complaint is that I still don't understand how they want you to operate when you are there. There is a sign that says to have a seat wherever you'd like, so I did. I waited for someone to come take my order, but no one seemed interested. I assumed that maybe you were to order at the counter, despite there being no "order here" signs. When I did order at the counter they looked at me like I was doing it wrong...I'm still not sure if they come to you to order or not. 
The food was great, decently priced, and a reasonable portion. The pulled pork was delish and surprisingly spicy. I love spicy foods, but I could see someone with sensitivity to spice being caught off guard by this one. The sandwich came with a side of chick pea salad which was surprisingly good. My only complaint with the sandwich is that I didn't really see or taste and BBQ sauce on it. This seems to be a trend now days, and I'm not particularly fond of it. When I eat a pulled pork sandwich I expect that sucker swimming in delicious BBQ sauce. Even so, it was scrumptious and hit the spot. The other confusing part was whether or not I was supposed to bring my dishes to them after I'm done eating. I just don't get the procedure they are going for...perhaps I'm just over thinking it. Despite being mildly confused, I will definitely give them another shot.The iced coffee was basic. Not my favorite. 
The house breakfast sandwich I got with no prosciutto and replaced the cheddar with goat cheese. The best breakfast sandwich i've had in a long time. They kind of gave me shit about replacing cheddar with goat cheese, which, what if I can't have lactose? You need to accommodate. Plus, the goat cheese taste way better than the white cheddar. The atmosphere is cute and quaint and I did enjoy sitting looking out the window. 
Free Wifi.
Accepts Cards.Shakshusha is excellent!
Soups are very good!
The only thing they need to improve on is to offer more vegetarian items, or vegetarian versions of their meat items (veggie meatloaf would be great).Their food is amazing. I love their meatloaf sandwich with tomato basil soup or potato leek. However, I feel like they're very racist. I've been there 3 times and each time I've had a negative vibe. First time my husband ordered take out. He sat on the couch a fell asleep (after a long day at work). After 30 mins the waitress woke him up and asked what he's waiting for. A few days later me and my husband went for dine in. They way they talked to us made us seem like they were disgusted. We placed our order and they forgot my sandwich. I thought it was coming out, but by the time I realized it, we were almost done eating other stuff we had ordered. Today I came in and one of the waitress had a very nasty look on her face the whole time and just gave a nasty attitude. In my opinion, if you're not one of "them" you won't fit in and they won't make you feel welcomed.This place is great. I have had almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.  Perfect time for their delicious soups and sandwiches.I cannot believe that I never gave the soup kitchen a review?? Anyways - the soup kitchen is awesome, low maintenance great recipe's the chicken salad has a nice yummy crunch due to walnuts! The coffee is always hot and the make the BEST well actually Justine, staffer makes the Best vanilla chai milkshake! Yum yum yum!I have to bump it up a star for the great vibe, and the care they put into the food. The short rib sloppy joe is some next level ish. Plenty of pickles and some shaved carrot. Oh hell yes. Don't sleep on the soups either. The 1/2 soup 1/2 sandwich combo is where it's at. 
Meatloaf sandwiches with bacon are another of the highlights. Obviously.Really quality food. Their best sandwich is the pulled pork. Very hip and pretty pricey. Wish they offered salads and stayed open longer.I love this little neighborhood spot. My hubby and I go here for dinner at least once a week. Their food is freshly prepared and they have some amazing options. Their pulled pork mac n cheese is by far the best I've ever had (and I'm a mac n cheese snob). Going to the healthier side,  the chick pea salad is delish. I've had the crab cake sandwich which is good too. The soups are incredible! My favorite is the tomato basil, which they carry on a daily basis. I hope this place stays around because its a great addition to the Fishtown neighborhood.The soup kitchen is simple.  They have a couple of sandwhiches and different soups each day.  The place could almost be passed by without noticing.  But do not make this mistake.
The joy of the soup kitchen lies in the simplicity.  They carefully prepare the food and only use good ingredients.  $9 half sandwich and soup deal makes a great little lunch.  The meatloaf sandwich is particular is the perfect combination of fatty delicious meats.Coffee's great, soup and sandwich combinations are nothing short of inspired.  Outdoor seating is perfect in the spring, summer & autumn months.  As other reviewers mention, this place never disappoints.