It's fine.  Everyone who works here is kinda strange, though.  They keep having their own conversations while you're there checking out, like you're not there.  Everyone LOVES being ignored!
It's a fine store, though.  They have gluten free and dairy free stuff, which is rare for a store this size.  Their produce isn't bad in a pinch and their meat, while it's a small section, is usually tasty and fresh.  I like what they have to offer and I'm glad they are right around the corner from me.
I just wish the people weren't so...geez I don't know what the word is.  Just a bit off-putting.  I've tried to give them the benefit of the doubt but I just can't turn a blind eye anymore.  They are all just kind of...strange.I'm a fan because I had my first ever TastyKake from here. A KandyKake to be precise. And I loved it. I loved it so much that I went straight back in and bought a box of 12. And it was 8.30 am.
This market has most things you would want. It's conveniently located at the end of South Street near the residential areas of 21st to 24th streets. One added extra which I loved was the rainforest sound which plays when the water jets come on to water the fresh fruit and vegetables. Priceless.I'm actually writing this to join those who are trying to compensate for the people who go in expecting this to be a downtown Wegmans...It's not. It's an independent grocery store. When I want brand name cheez-its and bagel bites this is my go to place. I've found that the meat is actually better than Trader Joes and, unlike other area stores, 99% of the time they have what I want in stock. 
When I plan to cook something with red potatoes, I want my store to carry red potatoes. Other stores in the area are a gamble; this is as close to a suburban supermarket as you're going to get in the area.Overpriced and understocked. If I want to get good veggies or anything even slightly out of the ordinary I have to go to the ACME or to Trader Joe's. I only go here in "crap I forgot to buy carrots and I need them for my salad" kinds of emergencies because it's just NOT worth it to blow a ton of money on a full grocery run.This place is ridiculously convenient to my flat but the staff are often surly and the prices mind-boggling high. They've managed to get a pretty large chunk of real estate in a notoriously cramped part of town and therefore carry a variety of brands for most items but, to be honest, I'm not sure I need 40 types of yoghurt and 12 types of sliced turkey breast. Regardless, I'll come by here in a pinch for milk, bread, cereal, etc. Otherwise, I'd much rather take my business to the neighborhoods cosier grocers where the staff actually give a damn and recognize me.Things worth noting:
1.  they have sandwiches!  tasty ones!  yay.  i'm so gonna keep getting up on it.
2.  zomg, i murdered their lemon hummus from the rear endcap.  just don't expect edible salsa or guacamole.  edit:  for those who are not into reading drunkspeak:  i very much enjoyed their hummus, yet found their salsa and guacamole selection to be subpar.
3.  i.....bought some whole wheat pitas.  they.....were all moldy.  i.....ate them anyway.  my.....body hates me right now.
4.  the employees here look super friendly!One of the worst parts about living on the west side of Broad Street is the distance from the Super Fresh and Whole Foods at 10th & South. South Square Market is about as convenient as it's going to get if you live in Graduate Hospital and don't feel like hiking all the way north to Trader Joes. Their selection is more limited than Super Fresh and the store is much smaller.  They typically have everything we need but we try not to do our regular grocery shopping here as their prices are ridiculous. We buy our milk at CVS now because we found that it's cheaper than South Square Market. Also, their produce is sometimes disgusting and the place is not very clean.
I think now that the weather is getting warmer we'll be avoiding this place and getting our groceries elsewhere.
I really wish that another grocery store chain would take this store over and make it cleaner and more affordable. The location is just about the only positive thing about this place.Okay, I may have been quick to jump all over this store. In the produce section, prices are listed above the shelves (apparently I've missed this for months because my eye level is much lower than most people's, being only 5'). 
More importantly, all of the employees here are insanely nice, all the time. I've only lived in the area for a few months and they know my name and make a point to see how I'm doing whenever I stop in.I had been loving this store but just now had to return ground beef bought yesterday supposed to be good through today, as it had gone completely rancid. This happens, I understand, and I was just annoyed I had to make a special trip to exchange it before I could cook dinner. I show up and the clerk tells me to go exchange it. I get the package closest in size and price available. Which happens to be 21 cents more than the original rancid one. And then...they actually charged me for the difference! 21 cents. Really, you couldn't have comped me that 21 cents as an apology that your meat was rancid & I had to make an extra trip?? Gross meet and disappointing customer serviceI thank my lucky stars that a Fresh Grocer finally opened near me and I don't have to give South Square Marker my hard earned money anymore, overpaying for groceries just because they were the only full size grocery store in my Graduate Hospital neighborhood and they know they can price gouge for this very reason but NO MORE!  
 Groceries here, common ones are 40 to 60% higher than the other grocers in town, the floor is dirty, the decor is dingy and dated, most of the staff is unfriendly and rude and their selection is lacking. Never shopping here again. Quit price gouging hard working people, sickening.Don't know what to really say it a grocery store. We ran in to just buy a few things for the BBQ it's was the closest store. We were able to run in and out quick. The checkout lady was super friendly. So if I was in the area again I would go here again.this is our local supermarket in our neighborhood.  the last few years, my wife and i have noticed a steep decline in the quality of the food available at this location.in the last year alone, i have bought non-frozen meat i had to return due to it already being spoiled 4 different times.  The last time, i was in a line of people at the customer service desk, where we were all returning pork chops that all had gone bad.i have purchased freezer burnt food numerous times, suggesting that stuff has thawed and been refrozen.what has caused me to not return to this store any longer, and i hope management is reading this ... THERE WERE ROTTEN ONIONS AND POTATOES in your produce aisle.  DO YOU KNOW HOW LONG ROOT VEGETABLES HAVE TO SIT OUT TO GO BAD? weeks.  this occurred the week of 7/27/15.not to mention we bough Kale that was yellowed and we didn't notice until we got home.We will be taking our business to the super fresh on south street, even though its far out of our way.This market gets such a bad rap...sure it's a little pricier than going to BJ's or Pathmark but it's not that bad.  Plus it's super convenient they have everything you need from fresh produce, deli and dairy and the staff is friendly.  I am a fan.  I shop here at least once a week; be it for something I forgot in a recipe or just need to do a weekly shop.So overpriced and dirty and some of the cashiers or so unfriendly. Taking advantage of a captive audience. Worth heading to the Superfresh or Whole Foods on the other side of south street and getting gouged in a clean friendly environment.5 stars for convenience...it's right around the corner from me AND it's the only place within range that has a deli counter. They also have pretty tasty hummus and carry a nice selection of Ryvita which I love. Friendly staff for the most part and they carry everything you need. 
BUT (and I'm clearly not the first to say this)...I give it 0 stars (or negative stars) for the prices. Totally crazy. I basically never buy food from here unless I absolutely need to. It might be worth it to me if it were local produce or something but I don't need that big a markup on my babybell, thank you very much.Unfortunately this is the closest grocery store to where I live, ugh.  The prices are high, the produce is often rotten right there on the shelves (it makes me laugh when a sign specifically says "fresh" yet the fruit is moldy and shriveled), and their "international" food section leaves a lot to be desired.  The staff is very friendly, however, and it's not usually overly crowded.  
Bottom line, it'll do in a pinch but for normal shopping, I'd skip it.I agree with Lia B., the reviews here are incredibly harsh, especially when you consider the levels of forgiveness given to Friends and Food (even more $ and much less fresh produce), and the tiny groceries in Rittenhouse like Maxx's (expensive and limited). 
Also, Lia is probably right that it is at least somewhat a small Graduate Hospital ex-suburban, urban-unaware contingent influencing this rating. Just to compensate for the harshness, I am rounding up the 4 stars plus I think they really deserve to a 5 star rating.
Also, here are some positives to balance the negatives in the context of other markets. Also,
* More of a general supermarket than Trader Joe's for things like mops or whatever. 
* Small, navigable for quick in/out compared to Whole Foods and the big SuperFresh supermarkets that ALWAYS take me twice as long.
* Some nice upscale, local artisan-made  items like Di Bruno Bros. cheese and La Columbe coffees (Rittenhouse Market seems to think a local, artisanal coffee roaster would be something like Peet's or Gevalia (examples, as I can't remember exact brands). 
* Perfectly fine fruit/veggies at a reasonable cost for the city. 
All that said; there is always room for improvement, further employee training (although I have not personally had any bad experiences), and investment in overall "infrastructure."I think I mentioned this for a previous gas station. We should boycott all establishments that don't have public restrooms (other than food trucks).This is a gem in the city. If you haven't been here you are missing out. The baking/cooking aisle is very well orchestrated. I found Szeged spices which are very hard to find and they had all the good ones; steak, chicken, paprika and something new, pizza which is amazing. 
The produce is always fresh. The meat section is small but solid. The prices are reasonable and we are always pleased. We have bought amazing tuna ready for a sear. 
What really makes this place great is the staff. So incredibly nice and helpful. Unlike any store in the city.
Wheelchair and mobility scooter accessible.Mad expensive. Actually worth walking to TJ's and taking a taxi back to my place, yet I still seem to end up here on at least a bi-weekly basis. Drop the prices to an at least competitive rate, and I'd do all my shopping here.They are convenient and that is there only asset. Their produce is mediocre even though the prices are outrageous. I have actually found brand products cheaper in Whole Foods then in this market. Their sandwiches are good and the prepared food in the deli is decent. But the prices are just jaw dropping. But again they are convenient in my area and I think that it is the reason for their existence. They are connected with Great Scott on Spruce St., a store that shares the same pricing policy.I moved to the neighborhood recently and this supermarket was one of the reasons I liked this neighborhood. It strikes me as a very ordinary urban supermarket. It is not a fancy place like Whole Foods or Wegmans. It is a convenient local market. I find that the selection is pretty good and the quality is fine -- not amazing, but pretty good.OK OK OK .... the reviews for this store are HARSH.  i think it's because most of the grad hospital residents / yelpers are from the serious suburbs and have no concept of living in a larger city.  as far as traditional city/neighborhood grocers go, this place is truly four stars.   
* comparing the produce to rittenhouse market - it's def. a little cheaper.  
* comparing the produce quality to trader joes - it's def a little bit better quality.  
As a vegan i primarily shop at whole foods and farmers markets but who *always* has that kind of time?  if i missed something or if i need something immediately i typically find it at south square.  
also i feel that they are trying to be better.  they now have all types of organic, and veg based mock meats, a whole section of newmans fair trade chocolates, they have dibruno brothers pre packaged foods, (which i dont eat but i have friends obsessed with them) they have sales and you can use coupons - i mean whats really here to hate on?  
yeah they are more expensive than superfresh - but where is the closest superfresh? south and 10th? i mean factor in the time to walk or the cab and you've immediately lost your competitive advantage. and honestly south square and that specific superfresh are pretty much on even footing.  
i appreciate that this is a place i can pop into on my way home from work, pick up some almond milk, a seltzer, maybe organic chips and bobbi's hummus, and walk away with an organic tomato.  maybe i'm just simple? or maybe i just manage my expectations of what south square can offer in relation to their building size and location.  
for all of you complaining, maybe you should speak to the manager of the store about what you want, because i have found that when i have asked for things, they have magically appeared.Extremely overpriced with a very limited selection. The staff is hit or miss. I've had interactions with people who work there who are absolutely lovely but I've also had to deal with miserable staff too. Unfortunately there isn't much else in the neighborhood so I guess it's better than nothing?One star for location!  Prices are very high, meat department not good, staff unfriendly still even though new management in place.  No public bathrooms.  Rude male manager!!!  If we can't use your employee restroom we will have to go in the store.  A weekend of customer picketing out front might make them think of the customer first.Ridiculously overpriced and dirty. They also refuse to do anything about a male employee who they know has been harassing female customers for years. Today I asked whatever meat manager was working (11/20/17) if they would have turkey parts since it's thanksgiving week. He refused to acknowledge me. I went to write it on the board where customers are encouraged to write down whatever you would like them to carry, There was nothing to write with. I asked another manager if they really weren't going to carry Turkey parts the week of thanksgiving. The manager who ignored me the first time then felt the need to try to humiliate me in front of everyone by yelling across the store that customers only want whole turkeys, before stomping out of the store like a child having a temper tantrum. Sorry if I wanted to make my own stock instead of buying your overpriced crap, but a simple no would have been sufficient. I tried to talk to my cashier since I was only getting yelled at by the management. He just stared at me blankly like I was speaking another language. I seriously hate this place. I'm so done with their shitty customer service.I hate that I get when my  after tax total comes up on the register and I feel as if I am being held up at gun point. That's how I feel when I am at South Square market. 
When you are tired and don't feel like walking to Trader Joe's or down to Whole Foods/ Super Fresh, I must go here. But I go here muttering. 
The selection is small.
The clerks at the register are very nice and helpful. But I can't help but think to suggest they apply to Trader Joe's or Whole Foods, where they could get better pay, insurance and a less claustrophobic work environment.Convenient for neighborhood folk that forgot something at the real store or need an ingredient fast.  However this place is waaaay over priced.
Almost bought a red pepper here, but it rang up over $5, for one pepper.  When I asked the clerk to take it off, the manager came over and gave me a lecture about how they only stock jumbo imported Mexican red peppers.  (apparently the finest in the world)  He went on for what seemed like forever, when I told him I had had enough red pepper knowledge, he rudely replied he was just trying to "educate" me.  Thanks for the schooling.  
Like Coco D, I have also bought moldy pita bread, but neglected to return it cause I did not feel like dealing with the manager.This is a great place to pick up a few things if you live close by. They have a pretty good selection of spices, oils, and marinade if you're missing an ingredient for a recipe. They also have a great selection of fresh produce and non-alcoholic drink mixers (for margaritas, etc.) Unfortunately, the prices are bit too high for me to use this as my regular grocery shopping place.While their sales may be good on occasion, everything else is not. Having known someone who used to work there and have heard some surprising stories that I won't go into detail about... I wouldn't recommend it.While I do agree that the prices are high, the sales are always a good deal. Yogurt, drinks, and frozen food always offer competitive sale prices. 
The guy that works in the frozen department, and a few others are always willing to take me to the specific item instead of sending me to the aisle to search for it. 
Deli hoagies are always good too.
I wouldn't recommend a full grocery cart shopping here, but filling a basket is worth it for sure.This place is super convenient if you live in Fitler Square or GHo and need a quick pick up of a few items. More expensive than a large Superfresh of course, but that is to be expected for the convenience of an urban market. For a small supermarket, they have a great selection - I think only once have they not had what I needed. Their deli counter meats etc, are great. Produce is so-so; look carefully and if it looks good, then it's fine. They carry organic carrots, but rarely any other fresh organic produce unfortunately. They do carry some organic canned beans, frozen edamame, milk, and yogurt, which I appreciate.  Best point is that staff are super friendly - I live in the neighborhood, go in frequently, and feel welcomed. It's not where I do the bulk of my shopping, but for random items that i just need to quickly pick up, it's great and I love that it exists.This is a terrific grocery store. The people who work there are always so nice, helpful and reliable. While it is slightly more expensive than a big grocery, I appreciate the quality of the vegetable, meat and variety of foods in stock. I am always happy shopping here.Five words to desribe this Fitler Square / SOSO / Rittenhouse West local (not so super) market. Expensive. Convenient. Local. Normal. Eclectic.  For those that don't got to Cherry Hill for shopping (and need something other than fresh produce to be purchased as Max's, Sue's, or Gin's), this not-so-large market is way bigger than a Wawa, but a far cry from a supermarket.  
Normal, convenient, local and expensive.  Yeah, South Square has most of the normal items you may need in order to make some grub, but the prices are pretty high (I guess not as expensive as owning a car and driving to the 'burbs for groceries).
Eclectic.  You can find all kinds of soy products and vegetarian items.  You can find an entire ailse of paper products, but the paper/plastic plates, cups, and cutlery are on a different ailse.  BTW, you can find "fancy" plastic forks, spooks, and knives for those dinners that you may dread clean-up (read: have kids and are wiped out after hosting a party).  
If you want nice reasonably priced food, and have access to a car, go to Wegmans in Cherry Hill, Shoprite in Cherry Hill, or some other 'burb-like supermaret.  If you need something quick, run over to South Square - just be prepared to pay the price for that convenience.I don't really think this grocery store is as terrible as the other reviews.  Initially, I was a bit weary about this place since my only other experience with Thriftway was in W. Philly like 10 years ago, which was super ghetto with bars surrounding it to avoid cart theft.
After having lived in Rittenhouse for over 4 years, it's a bit nice to go to a grocery store that is much larger and has a wider selection of items.  I like how there is a deli counter where you can get hoagies made and the prices are fairly typical for the city, but perhaps not as pricey as Rittenhouse Market.   I pictured rotting vegetables here, but everything seems pretty fresh.This store could be such a great cornerstone of the neighborhood, but it's just okay.  I never really spend more than about $10 at the store because I will only get essentials.  Even then, there is always better milk prices at the 7-11.
I'd give it two stars, BUT, they do have some of amazing sandwiches at the deli counter.  I just wish they would think seriously about the opportunities there.So don't buy meat here. Its always fresh on top, and then pretty dingy and grey on the bottom of the package. They clearly try to fool you into thinking you're buying fresh meat.
Their prices are really high for things. We can talk about the prices all day but honestly, you'll still come here, as will I, because it is convenient and up the street. If I moved three blocks over, I would probably not bother with South Market anymore. Treat this place like a bodega.If you go early on a weekday, be prepared to walk through the haze from employees smoking just a few feet from the entrance.
Perishables always seem to expire before their expiration date. Be careful of what you purchase.
I can take a cab to Superfresh further down South Street and, including the round-trip cab fare, my expenditures are still significantly lower that when I shop (actually, used to shop) at South Square!This is not a grocery store meant for big grocery shopping trips. They're the last stop shop or quick fix for the people in the neighborhood. My friend and I joked for weeks about the half watermelon we saw on sale in the summer of 2013: Nine dollars.
Nine dollars!
It's true, you are paying for convenience. 
Pluses: They have pretty much every odd thing I need in a pinch: spices, buttermilk, leavening. Some good vegetarian frozen foods, decent meat, regular and organic canned veggies and organic lettuce. Also, some hardware and household items you couldn't really get at CVS. Lots of nice chocolate bars, chia seed bars, etc. Also, yes, the clerks talk to each other while scanning your items. 90% friendly to neutral and I much prefer that to some serious attitude and disdain at other food markets in the area.
Cons: There are no organic fruits, period. It is expensive, more expensive than WHOLE FOODS. Don't buy the sushi, you'll have to just throw it out as soon as you get home. Bah. When the manager comes out, tension!The produce is so so but the Service is excellent. All the staff is super friendly and committed to helping the customer. In particular, Sherrie who works there is the epitome of what customer service is! Numerous occasions she opened up her lane when it was closed to help customers out before she went on break. She always is pleasant, polite, and passionate about helping others out. South Square is Lucky to Have her!!!overly priced, limited selection, and cashiers that give you the feeling they are doing you a huge favor ors they don't really feel like being there at all.The worst! Everything is extremely expensive. Items are sometimes more than double what they would be at a normal super market.Overpriced, limited selection and only slightly better quality than Fresh grocery across the river.  Unfortunately, sometimes I really have no choice than to come here since I work late hours frequently and I don't have a car.  
In a pinch it gets the job done, but if I want to get some real shopping done I'd prefer to go to Trader Joe's or Pathmark.  Even Target or Walmart is better.
At least the staff are generally nice and it's clean.Local Super Market near filter square area. Staff are very nice and friendly.  This place has been around for a very long time. Actaully since I've lived in the neighborhood for 30 years! They are a bit pricy.  but it's okay.So to preface, I come from the Midwest, where Trader Joe's is consider a specialty food store and $2 milk was at one time a reality, not a dream.
However, after experiencing the various supermarkets that Philly has to offer, I do have to say--this one is quite outrageous in its pricing, especially for its quality. Produce and meat are average; one of my roommates bought a fish on the sell-by date which had a very unique (i.e. rancid) smell that ended up permeating the house when he tried to salvage/cook it.
As mentioned in prior reviews, the sale prices are competitive, especially for non-perishables. I take advantage of these whenever I can.
Sadly though, regardless of its lack of quality. South Square will remain open due to its standing as the only full service grocery store in the Graduate Hospital/Fitler Square area; hopefully some competition can come to this area of town soon to make our lives a little easier and less costly.I'm conflicted about SSM. On the one hand, it's super close to my new house and open until 10 pm. On the other hand, I just really don't like this store. Maybe I was spoiled living in University City, where Supreme and Fresh Grocer (a 24-hour store, may I add) were within a 10 minute walk, but South Square does not have: a bakery, seafood department, or even a decent-sized deli. I usually walk into here with a shopping list and walk out with only half of the items crossed off, because the store either doesn't carry the items, or because they are expensive...which brings me to my next point- everything in this store is EXPENSIVE! And sales seem to be few and far between. Also, a huge pet peeve of mine is when there are not price stickers on the shelves...I'm really not in a financial place where I can just buy things without knowing how much they cost. Here's how a typical shopping trip for me goes:
I need: bananas, apples, cheese, yogurt, blueberries, and probably some ice cream(y'all have had those days). First stop, produce. I grab a few apples, even though $1.99/lb is no bargain. Blueberries have no price sticker to be found, which leads me to believe that they cost a ridiculous price. Also, no tag near the blackberries or raspberries, which means they probably cost even more than the blueberries. Next: bananas...wait where are the bananas? They're not in the produce section. *walks the length of the store* Still no bananas...aha! I've found them. Next to the olives and cheese at the deli, because that's, of course, where bananas should be. Alright, next is cheese- expensive but I'll do it because I like cheese. Yogurt- the least expensive yogurt is $.99. A dollar for one yogurt?! Ice cream- not one brand of ice cream is on sale, and I'm not paying $4.69 for a pint of Ben and Jerry's, so no ice cream for me (but I really wanted some!). I then sulk to the registers, pay, and as I leave vow to never return unless I really need to. 
To get my groceries, I 1) stock up on whatever I can at Dollar General, and 2) make weekly or bi-weekly trips to Trader Joe's. If I'm really in a pinch I'll go to South Square, but otherwise I try to avoid it.a tepid place calls for a tepid review. without a doubt, this market is convenient; however, the price inflation combined with sickly looking meat and produce knocks this place down a couple of stars. 
bonus: the dungeons-and-dragons-playing basement dweller cum checkout dude was cordial and polite.For grocery stores within walking distance to my apartment- South Square Market does the trick. If I need something for tonight's dinner that we don't have on hand- its my go to place. Rittenhouse Market (18th and Spruce) is only a few blocks away- but I find them to be even more expensive with even worse quality produce selection.
South Square Market is definately ovepriced- but you're paying for the convenience of a grocery store in center city. One of their redeeming qualities though is they do have sale items- which to my knowledge- Rittenhouse Market does not. They have a decent enough selection of boxed goods and their dairy department isn't awful.  I've purchased fresh loaves of bread here quite a few times and it has not disapointed. It is definately brought in from a bakery day of because you can taste the freshness.
I wouldn't recommend purchasing produce for the week there - as your not sure how old it is, but for last minute necessities you cant go wrong.- and the "Singing in the Rain" produce mister always makes me a little bit happier to be in there.
I've never tried their deli department- the looks of it creep me out and gives off the impression that most of the items have sat there for quite some time. Same goes for meat/poultry/seafood selection in the back. 
As with most stores in the city- i always check the sell by date before purchasing.
Overall, for he convenience and selection- i find them to be one of the better options in the Center City / Rittenhouse area.Okay...
So somebody's home with the flu today... and given the great weather Philadelphia's been having, I debated (for about two hours) whether I'd whip it over to Pathmark, or make the several block jaunt over to South Square Thriftway for some cough sizzzurp. 
A note: Despite its name, Thriftway is NOT like a Dollar General. They have a full produce and deli section, and it's more like a condensed supermarket (kinda quaint that way). However, everything in the place is largely overpriced... whether its $5 frozen dinners, $3 milk, or $6 salad dressing - and it's not even gourmet stuff. I digress...
I went down their one non-food aisle, cruising for meds like a Kennedy nephew, when I noticed that all they had was Vic's Vapor Rub!!?? First of all, does that stuff work? Secondly, I'm a grown-a man!
Turns out that behind the counter, they do have 3 bottles of cough syprup. DayQuil, NyQuil, or Vic's 44... and they only had one of each. It amazes me that in 2007, in a sophisticated, industrialized city, this is what it comes down to... what a waste.Overpriced supermarket with very rude staff. 
I just had an bad experience. There was a sign that said mangos on sale for $1 each. When the checkout person rang it up for $1.90, I told them the sale sign said $1. They treated me like I was lying. I told them that I changed my mind and didn't want it. 
But when I finished checking out, I went back to the mangos to make sure I wasn't crazy. The man who made me feel like lying was sneakily taking the sale sign down from the mangos. When he realized I was looking at him, he startled and then just nodded at me and left. No apologies or anything. 
I hate shopping here but that's what you get for food desert.Feb '16 UPDATE: it's funny (and tragic) how hit-and-miss your experience can be with cashiers at South Sqr Mkt. The friendliest ones are by and large the fresh and new ones, and maybe this is an inevitable consequence of working in ANY grocery store, but in the end they all end up hating life until you can see right into their blackened soul.
As a customer there, you are like a boatman passing through the miserable existence that is that counter and conveyor belt, never taking you with them when you depart, leaving only your banana-stickered basket and envious feelings behind.
Last time we were there, even though we did our own bagging, the cashier practically threw the produce at us, rolling the grapefruits at us like we were bowling pins. Something we said, Ma'am? 
-----
original: 
Just found out the Dole salad greens we bought there have been recalled due to listeria. Shouldn't the market be on top of that? Google it. Dole & other brands where the code begins with an 'A'. This has been going on since September 2015.
Now that we have that out of the way- We never buy meat or fish there but they have a nice variety of sauces, dairy, cheeses from DiBruno Bros, sushi (from Genji?). Produce is so-so. Good selection but not stellar quality. 
Probably 2.5 stars overall.This is my last resort grocery store, or when I *really* feel too lazy to go to Trader Joe's. It's expensive, has not a great selection of brands, and the produce is never as fresh as it could be. I live a couple blocks away, so if I didn't live so close I really just wouldn't go there. I feel for the cashiers and baggers, it's clearly not their dream gig, but they are usually pretty slow and unhelpful. If I go I usually bring my own bags, which they will either not help bag at all, so then it slows down the line while I pay, or will bag them so haphazardly and with little regard for like, vegetables/bread/fragile items. It's not really a worth it kind of place unless you're REALLY close and only need maybe one or a couple things.The only good aspect to this place is that it fulfills a neighborhood need for a grocery store close by.  That being said, the management should be ashamed about their produce.  They are selling the most expensive rotten produce on earth.  I am consistently amazed by this.  It is nearly impossible to find an onion that isn't rotten, for example.  They sell moldy bread items as well. Skip this place and go to Sue's for produce.  Other items in the store are also outrageously expensive.  It's crazy to buy overpriced staples here when you can hit up the Dollar General right across the street.  Why pay $5 for a box of cereal when you can get it across the street for half that?  I recommend this place only for items you can't get at Dollar General, Trader Joes, or Sues.I have lived around the corner for 3 years or so...like Eric said the sandwhiches are very good - extremely fresh and cheap - a footlong is like $6 - so big I usually have it for 2 meals. 
As for everything else - insanely expensive. Literally across the street is the Dollar General with a lot of the same items for 2/3 the price. Dollar General carries the same brand of milk and its a few dollars less per gallon.  Same with toilet paper, breads, chips, sodas and a ton of other stuff. 
South Square is good for those things you might have forgotten to pick up at Trader Joe's.Overpriced food and some of the employees are rude. The cashiers are really nice but can take forever to get stuff rung up.Like being in an
Abusive relationship
I keep going back
If you cook at all, this place will leave you tearing your shopping list into thousands of pieces in frustration. In the past year I've developed a laundry list of complaints about South Square, and yet I still go once a week. It's the proximity and convenience factor. Simply, it is the closest grocery to me that's larger than a 7-11. They have the essentials and it's okay if you're trying to stock up on canned stuff. They also have a deli counter with a decent selection of meats, and a cold case with some great cheeses and meats from DiBruno Brothers. Otherwise, you're better off getting a zip car and going to the Pathmark on Gray's Ferry. It's cheaper, larger and higher quality.
So, why I don't like South Square. It smells, sometimes like wet dog, sometimes like vomit. Always faintly, but always noticeable. Their produce selection is okay, but they always opt for huge, fake looking stuff that comes from California, Florida, or wherever they make the garish window decorations for Pottery Barn. They don't sell large packages of meat, and every time I do buy meat there I am underwhelmed with the flavor and quality. It's always bland!
The big problem that I have here is that every time I have gone in with a small grocery list (15-20 items), 3-5 of the items on my list were nowhere to be found. Simple things like dry yeast or feta cheese. These are not specialty items by any stretch. And yet I can never seem to find a few of the items on my list, meaning I have to change plans for what I'm making or go somewhere else to supplement. Easily the most frustrating thing about South Square.
And yes, it's more expensive than other places. Whole Foods is a better deal, I swear. The Fitler Square Farmers Market has better meats and produce for less money that hold up better all week than the stuff they sell here.
The end result is that I will still go here as the need arises for things I KNOW they have like pasta, canned items or pizza cheese. I will also continue to gripe mightily about it to anyone who will listen.Alright, after living near here for a while my review does need updating. And yes, Yelp was right...This place is just lousy.
 It's not just that it's overpriced because I think you're paying for the convenience! But man quality is AWFUL. Once I came here in search of a fruit, any fruit, and left empty handed. The grapes were tiny and wilting, peaches were bruised, apples were tiny, and they were out of r everything else except precut watermelon that was white, not pink/red. 
Horrible quality + bad prices = avoid!Just bought french baguettes for full price and they were at least 2 days old. When I called and talked to manager he said , "OK". No apologies, just "OK".This is a very good market in a central location.  The selection was good and the staff friendly and helpful,  I loved the produce section--fresh and crisp. Their prices aren't cheap and watch out for the specials which are beyond their prime.I've lived near South Square for years.
Great deal: SANDWICHES.  They are big, good quality, and around $5.
Good deal: Whole Chickens.  Priced competitively, taste good.
Bad deal: Produce, and almost everything else.  The prices are like 40% higher than other places in the city.  Sometimes I see people doing actual grocery shopping in this place, and I can't even imagine spending that kind of money when there are so many other places you could go.
It's open late, and good for last-minute things you forgot you needed for dinner.
Buy a bag of 25 cent pretzels, and get Cash Back, it's like a free ATM.awful owner ship and rude staff, They do not value thier customers at all.Just got back from the store as I needed some quick things and didn't feel like going to acme. 
A loaf a bread, a jar of peanut butter, a pint of milk and a squeeze thing of honey = 14 fucking dollars.  No lie.everyone is super friendly, the hours are great--they have okay sales. produce isn't always amazing, but thank god some place in the neighborhood sells fresh amoroso's rolls!I cherish the South Square Market. it is my neighborhood go-to. It burned  several years ago and it took a couple of years to get it back. That was a good lesson in "You don't know what you got till its gone." They are great neighbors and run a friendly, beautifully stocked store. It's cool that so many of the people who work here have been on staff for so long. And I've been told by friends that they are receptive to requests for particular items they don't have on hand.Prices are way high, and
 average a dollar more than most places on nearly every item.
Some staff are great. There are one or two to actually avoid at all costs.While the food prices are high, the deli is fantastic and the sandwich prices are very reasonable.  I strongly recommend grabbing lunch here!  They offer a variety of deli meats, toppings, and breads for about $5.  Nothing fancy but a great option if you're in the area.Disappointing but super convenient. 
Having moved to the neighborhood I can't deny that I am thankful to have a local grocery store that doesn't have a ridiculously limited selection or prices I would have to sell a limb for. Don't get me wrong, the prices are still higher than your average grocery store, just not your average Rittenhouse Square area grocery store. I appreciate the largish options and the fresh produce available so close, but have to admit that I try to avoid this store for any real grocery shopping. So while it is useful for a few missing items, you may have problems building an entire meal - particularly if you plan on having any protein. 
Someone once told me that they spray their proteins with something to keep them pink or fresh looking in the store. I have no idea if that is true so please do not put any stock in it aside from the implication that I am not the only one who is seriously creeped out by their meats. I have always avoided the chicken options as they are obviously scary when you immediately see them. The beef options though are delayed scary. You buy it, bring it home and within a few hours the meat is a strange grayish brown color. 
In the end, "yay" for a close grocery option, "boo" for almost poisoning me with your proteins!I've only stopped in here to pick up a few items. I suppose the place is clean enough, and the line has never been too long. That said, in the morning it smells absolutely AWFUL. I'm not sure what it is--some seasoning or something--but i want to kill myself the entire time I'm inhaling that scent. 
Prices are reasonable for the area, but again, that smell just precludes me from giving this place a higher rating.Wow these reviews are harsh! This place is overpriced but not bad at all.
The bottom line is that you are basically paying for convenience. This is a smaller version of a regular supermarket, but MUCH bigger/more selection than any corner store. You could easily pay $6 for half a gallon of OJ and $5 for a box of cheerios. But they have a very good selection as well as fresh produce, meats, and a decent frozen section. 
I agree that the cashiers need to be more plentiful and more efficient!Has a skanky smell to it, but the employees are wonderful and selection awesome for such a small place....great guys at the check out pack groceries amazingly...If you're budget minded, then try Trader Joe's or even Whole Foods, but it's a great local market to grab a few things here and there. I live in the area so it's nice being able to quickly grab what I need instead of trekking to one of the larger markets down the street. 
Their deli counter is actually a hidden gem. They make great cold sandwiches for a cheap price!Like the other reviewers mentioned this place is incredibly over priced. I get it- it's centrally located and it's about the convenience but what's even worse is the customer service. Most of the staff that works here is incredibly unfriendly and unpleasant. The deli counter is by far the worst, the employees cannot be bothered you pretty much have to get their attention and they are extremely rude. I find it hard to justify spending money at a place where you are treated like you are doing them a favor.South Square DOES have very friendly and helpful employees and the manager will order something for you if they don't have it.  I find that they do have a lot, especially for folks looking for lo fat, lo cal food.  The only thing is, this is NOT the place to shop for meat, but there is actually a surprisingly good Hallal market just up 23rd street for everything but pork. I can recommend the chicken and fresh ground burger there. Any cuts you want on the selection they have, they'll cut to order.   As for prices at South Square, there is a great Dollar store right across 23rd for paper products and soaps and other staples. Meanwhile, for a market right in the city, I think South Square is very useful and pleasant, and the prices aren't out of line for a convenient store.The prices are really high at this store and the produce is hit or miss - sometimes good and sometimes not great.If your on a budget, turn around. I'll stop at south square market for a quick thing or two (if they have it) I need to make dinner on my way home from work. Their prices are insanely high, which I never actually noticed until I did a full food shop session there! I spent $170 there where I could have spent $140 somewhere else. Now I just stop at the superfresh on south street or Whole Foods (they may be cheaper!). However, the staff at south square is SUPER nice and I enjoy talking to all of them.Given an option, I'd go somewhere else -- even if it means a bit more.  I love Max's for produce (across from Audrey Claire), and Food & Friends market for other snacks and groceries. They do have a good selection of things, including some DiBruno's cheeses. The staff is generally pretty un-helpful, and their product selection is really spotty.There's a hodgepodge of items, but not necessarily what a normal consumer would need.  Hardly any fresh fish, no fresh shrimp, but a large assortment of turkey necks.  The setup of the store is a bit off and I always find myself in circles when attempting to complete a grocery list.
The only validating thing about this grocery spot is the produce mister that plays "Singing in the Rain".  That delights me every time I shop!The pros: it's close to a neighborhood under-served by food and the prices are Ok. 
The cons: its dirty and they sell spoiled food!  I've purchased refrigerated food from here multiple times, opened it well before the sell by date, and it's spoiled!  That includes yogurt, hummus, and milk. This has happened in the summer and fall, so can't blame just the weather. 
Get rid of these clowns and get a trader joes, super fresh, or a real supermarket in here.South Square  Supermarket is a real disappointment on South Street, Philadelphia 19146  Over priced for a Thriftway Supermarket!  Over and over items we bought items on 'sale'  only to be run through the register incorrectly.  The staff is friendly, until you point out you've been overcharged.  Then it a HUGE hassle!  
wish we had more affordable food stores in this area - food desert!God is this place small and overpriced!    It's not really a super market but it's a lot bigger than a convenience store.
I'd rather take the bus to super fresh whole foods or anywhere else.