I visited South Bowl during the soft opening and overall the experience was great. The first thing I noticed is how beautiful it is; you can tell that many hours were spent planning and designing the space. There was a DJ playing good blend of oldies which is one of my favorite things about North and South Bowl; for me, music sets the tone of the overall atmosphere and it was very open and warm. The staff was pleasant and attentive. I'm really looking forward to going back soon because I was just passing through to check out the space.Food was so-so, more of an add on than the main attraction which is to be expected since they are a bowling alley. We came during happy hour on a Thursday and it was not too crowded; we had no wait for a lane. Prices are reasonable but we somehow spent $70 between the two of us (with a Yelp! Check-in getting us free shoes). I'll try again with friends another time. 5 stars for the server as she was on it with checking in on us.Fast and friendly service. Paying for lanes and shoes is cash only; you gotta give one of the shoes you're wearing to rent shoes. Once you're on the lane, they take card. Up to 5 people can play on a lane. Limited set of balls and weights. Overall, I liked Lucky Strike over in Center City better just based on the amount of other things you could do in the alley, and how modern it was by comparison.Fun place to bowl, eat and drink. Received a free shoe rental when checking in with Yelp.This is place is awesome. Been bowling here since it open. Very convenience for me, since am from the south philly area.  
Happy hour is great , $2 game, $2 PBC beer
Can't beat that man! Did I mention the staff there is awesome too! The guyz cool & the ladies are nice; just to name a few, their Megan, Rebecca, Emily, Carries, J leana (hope I spell their name right) Come by south bowl & check it out for yourself ! You won't be disappointed.Much better than Northbowl. Far more spacious, better parking, more organized, and less wait times (for now). Overall, this is a really great weekend spot for a group of people.
Games are fairly pricy, but that's the norm.  However, LivingSocial offers really great deals here and you might be able to snag some if they offer them again.
I don't mind the games being expensive because the food and drinks are super inexpensive (and delicious to boot). The mixed drinks like the malbec margarita come in giant pint glasses and are nice and strong, so it's totally worth it. Beer is cheap. All variations of tater tots are awesome- you can't go wrong. Pizza is decent. I haven't tried anything else on the menu, but I have high hopes for it all. I would honestly come here just for the bar and the food and not even bowl.
As for bowling, they once told our group of 8 it was a 2 hour wait time and it ended up only being 45 minutes. We might've lucked out, but honestly just plan to wait here and spend your time eating and drinking in the bar or playing the arcade games and it will go by fast- might as well make a night of it!
The bowling maxes out at two games I think but when you have a lot of people you're pretty much done with it by two games. 
Lanes and seats are modern and clean, the DJ is always playing something non-top 40 which is nice, and the screens have all sorts of fun features you can play around with.
Definitely my new weekend spot!My fiance and I just had a get together for our wedding party in the semi-private section at South Bowl this past Saturday, and it turned out great. We did kind of our own package, with lanes, served food, bowling included and then people were able to get their own drinks. The drinks are expensive and not very strong, but we expected that. The staff was helpful and the manager let us stay a little longer than our allotted time because they didn't need our lanes right away after our 2 hour time allotment. It was the perfect atmosphere to get our group together!This place is great!! Yelp had a free shoe deal which makes this app awesome. The food is good with decent price and the drinks are decently priced also. Staff was kind and quick. We had a party of 14 and they were able to keep everything in order. We wanted to watch the Kentucky Derby so our waitress had a screen come down in front of our lanes which was so freaking cool and considerate.Wow what a great place. Plenty of things to do here. Bowl, play pool, hang out. The food was good and the service was great. Everyone that worked there was amazingly nice. The place was kept up in good condition and the shoes and balls you rent we're also in great shape. The lanes on the top floor were very cool. The computer let's you take selfies and add your pictures to the game with themes. Very cool. Will definitely be returning again.South Bowl is just OK. If there was a 3.5 option, I'd be there, but since there isn't I'll round up. I'm a pretty big fan of North Bowl so a friend and I decided to check this place out and see how it compared. We showed up for a weekday happy hour, $2 tots and $2 pbrs is a pretty good deal (though pbr is usually $2-3 everywhere anyway) and $2 games. We bowled 5 games (it was pretty dead) and had a pretty good time. The lanes were reasonably well kept and only malfunctioned a hand full of times. Overall decent bowling experience. Aesthetically, I feel like the place is maybe too big? It just seemed really empty. Like I said, it was early and there weren't many people to begin with, but it just kind of gave a weird vibe nonetheless. The most legit gripe I have about the place is their pool tables. I like to shoot pool so we played a few games after bowling. I understand it's not a pool hall but it felt like there was little to no maintenance on the tables. We played a few games on each table and both of them were kind of like playing pool on a golf course. The ball would catch a line in the felt and scoot all around. I understand there are probably a bunch of people that play there all the time and don't necessarily care about diggin their shots into the table, but I feel like if you're going to offer the game maybe take care of the table. I routinely play at other bars that will re-felt their tables if they get dug out or have drinks spilled on them or whatever because they know having a good table is a draw. I suspect southbowl brings in little business because of their tables but it would have been nice to cap off the day with a couple good games. Overall, positive experience and nice staff, decent lanes, and good deals. Pool just left me with a sour taste.A more chill/open/less crowded version of the North Bowl.  I would rather come here than North Bowl, they are both fun places to be at but I just like the places that aren't too crowded.Bowling lanes are beautifully oiled, waitstaff couldn't be better, even the mechanics are friendly if you talk to them.  Without all that it would be worth it for the happy hour specials.  2 dollar games and 2 dollar PBC drafts.  I don't live or work near hear anymore, but my friends do and when they join a league I'll make the trek.This place is great. The space is huge and really beautiful. I thought the food was pretty good. Tots, pizza (a little too salty), Jalepenos pretzel bites (awesome). Must try the funnel cake fries with the peanut chew sauce! So good! Fair prices as well. I would avoid going on a weekend though to avoid the long wait time.This place is awesome!!! Fun atmosphere, beautiful wood features everywhere, super clean, cool retro vibe, unique menu with delicious food! The jalepeno pretzels with horseradish sauce were outrageous!! Lots of big screen tvs by the very large bar and classic rock and roll blasting from the speakers!! This place is not just for bowling but it's the nicest bowling alley I've ever been to!!Awesome alternative to Lucky Strike and North Bowl, although, yes, it is a hike out of the way but that's why there is Uber and Lyft! The prices are great, the facilities are new and modern. They have tons of drinks, as well as food specials. The food is on the fancier side for a bowling alley, I think we ordered almost everything on the menu, and everyone really liked the quesadillas, vegetarian drum sticks, tater tots and peirogies, as well as the pizzas. There is also a special for $2 games during the week. 0o and of course the cheesecake bites were great.
Great spot for a laid back night out with friends!Beware. The shoe and lane rental is cash only. Not the bar...just the bowling part? Totally annoying when with a large group..also had to wait from 8:30-11 for a lane on a Saturday. That's way too long. The venue is awesome but they need to figure out their systems for lane rental and reservations.I was there on sat an I had a good time from the start the big guy at the door set the ton he was a good guy I thank some body called him bam but my nite just got better from there the food was good and the lanes was poppinAwesome spot. TONS of lanes, only had to wait (a minor 15-30 min) once, and we had a large party, no resos. MUCH more accommodating and spacious than North Bowl. Food/drink menus are also a plus...really great selection especially considering this is a bowling alley.BIKE PARKING!!! That is the one pet peeve I have. There are obviously lots of people like me who bike there, yet we have to awkwardly lock up our bikes to railings or the funky art sculpture near the entrance which is obviously not designed to be a bike rack, or if it is it's a lousy design.
The food is fantastic, and is probably my favorite thing there. They have lots of great vegetarian items, including veggie buffalo wings. The other night I had the taco salad with tofu and it was amazing! 
Most of the time the service is good. There was one night when we came in to shoot some pool and get dinner. We left a 1/2 hour later after no one came over to take our order, as they've done in the past. It's a shame when you are ready to drop a bunch of money on food and booze but they literally won't take it from you.
Despite this one incident, we've still gone back again and again and enjoy it.A perfect balance of sophistication, liveliness and chill,  don't even have to like to bowl, lots to do, or hang for the vibe... great music, the place is huge, two bars and two floors... menu has lots of choices...Ok this is not a good start. It took 10 mins for the bartender to acknowledge us and then she whispered the seasonal beers after we asked. Got beers and asked for a food menus. 10-15 mins go buy and she's filling a water glass near us and I ask if she could put in a quesadilla for us (very politely not demanding or shouting or anything rude). Whoa! I must have fried her brain because I got scolded and told not to talk to her unless she makes eye contact. Remember she was just doing one thing, filling water for the person next to us. Not crazy busy either, maybe 12 ppl on her side of the bar. She came back about 2mins later and asked what we wanted. Hint: it's a quesadilla. I'm a bartender and would NEVER scold a customer like that. 
Now I'm waiting 7+ mins for a refill on my beer because I can't get eye contact.  Mean while the other bartender on the other side of the clearly split bar is killing it. To the point I just watched people move sides because our bartender,  with the bird tattoo, sucks. Our quesadilla arrives, pretty decent. Then we watch this donkey try to give us and several other people food we didn't order because she can remember whose it is (remember only about 12 ppl) Now 10 mins in and no beer and I'm staring her down (for eye contact), we are moving too. Fire this girl.
Update: +1 star -went upstairs, Dante is the man. I barely sat down and dude had a drink in my hand. Wood fired pizza is great, tots are tots...so pretty good.
Update#2: so after the rest of the night + 1 star. The team upstairs killed it and as it got busier their bar still held up.
UPDATE #3: So I went back after a few month to see if it got any better. It didn't. 12 people at the main bar and the bartender was in the weeds real bad. Nice Girl honestly, just not a very good bartender. Food took way too long, not sure if she rang it in late or the kitchen effed up but 30 minutes for some apps, not good. You have to be able to multitask. If there are two people in the group ask both of them what they want and get both drinks not one at a time. Also, the Short haired blondish manager was completely inept at seeing this girl was struggling. And fix you damn tap lines! If its pissing out foam reset the pressure in the keg itself or make sure the CO2 and No2 are at he right pressure, otherwise you get warm over pressured lines that waste beer. Looking at you owner guy in the blue polo that had no business being behind the bar.
What I've noticed as a pattern for those that will still go to the downstairs bar, stay to the bowling alley side. They basically forget about the far side of the bar.I came here on a Saturday night as an out-of-towner. I never made it into the bowling lane because of the incredibly rude and bouncer who had an attitude like he enjoyed making people's lives difficult. It indicated to me that this place does not know how to treat customers and frankly doesn't care to.
As a tourist making a day trip into Philly, I had promised to bring someone home a cheesesteak. It was wrapped up in a to-go box, in a plastic bag in my backpack. I was searched upon entry into the building and I was then told that I couldn't bring outside food into the building. I explained to the bouncer that I had just come from dinner and that this was food with a "to-go" purpose that I would not consume on the premises. He just said "no food" and shrugged me off and began searching the next people who walked in. Never talked to me again. I understand all establishments have their policies and I wasn't expecting special treatment, but just the way the bouncer dealt with me I found to be incredibly rude and impersonal. There was no option for me to maybe leave my bag with the front desk, or any effort to try to see how we could come to an understanding. 
Oh well, looks like I dodged a bullet and I'm glad I didn't end up patronizing this establishment. I walked back out into the 20 degree weather, which frankly was a more welcoming environment than South Bowl.Sunday afternoon at 1 pm: family with two kids. We were on our 5th frame before the server stopped by to say hello on on the 7th before she was willing to take a drink order. We ordered lunch too. It arrived on the 6th frame of the 2nd game- a small pizza, a burger and a salad. Are you kidding me? They were unapologetic and rude.  Why bother sell food at all?I and two other people went there on a Tuesday night. They did not advertise that it was league night. It was pretty empty when we got there at 6 pm through when we left at 7:30. Since they needed to reserve all 25-30 lanes in the main area they packed us in this side area. 
There were 3 lanes, but only 2 tables to put food and drink on. To be polite when one of the two tables was clear we started to move some of our stuff onto the edge of the other table to accommodate when more customers would need the table we were taking up. At that point the manager (I'm guessing) came over and picked up the stuff we put down on the other table and condescendingly said "I'm just gonna put this over here", putting our food and drink on the other table and just walked away. It was pretty rude. I wanted to politely tell him that that was rude, uncalled for and that we weren't trying to take over both tables, but he had this attitude that he was going to yell at me if I said anything, so it definitely was not worth it. It was unnecessarily unpleasant and an overall fart on the evening.
Overall I wouldn't go back.Philadelphia Eagles bowling event. South bowl is a great place for bowling and holding events. The lanes are great they have lots of games for everyone to play if your not a bowler. They offer two bars one on the lane floor and a second on the second floor. 
The lanes are lit up and they play great music if your not having a good time your not living. The food was ok we had pizza that were ok. Cheeseburger sliders were good pulled pork was also good. The salad sliders something I first experienced was actually good. 
We were here for and Eagles event so we had vip treatment. Looks like a good place for a bowling night outFOOD WISE: ordered the 3 taco option from a section labeled "all sandwiches come with tater tots".  it was $9.  tacos showed up with no tots, when i asked what was up they said "tacos aren't sandwiches".  now i gotta have a semantic argument about what constitutes a sandwich?  no thanks, ding-dongs.  how the f*ck much does a handful of tots cost you?  throw em on the plate!!First off, this place is really spacious. They have a parking lot, which fills up pretty quickly, but there's plenty of parking on the side. Staff are friendly. Out of all their food selection, I like their tater tots, pizza and sliders the most. The upstairs is a game area. When the weather is nice, you can go out to their deck and hang out. In case you are interested...they do not have Heineken or Corona.Great time! On Sundays, they offer B1G1 free from 8 to 11 PM, so I came out with my girlfriend to BOWL! Not even Kingpin could keep up with us... 
The lanes are located very close together and soft comfy lounge chairs circumvent the actual bowling hub. If you go in large groups make sure you reserve two lanes next each other because otherwise will be sharing a large couch with other strangers. The bartenders a very friendly and Wala you to bring drinks to the seated bowling area.
If you get tired with bowling, there's also a cozy arcade area with plenty of old pinball machines and classic games like donkey Kong. They're also two billiard tables and a few race car driving games. Even though they're only 16 lanes in the entire bowling area, you certainly don't feel cramped with what is offered. Make it out if you even have a few hours to kill, you'll have a blast!I don't often write reviews but this experience really had me all up in my feelings. First, I was frustrated to find out after my arrival that it was cash only. Secondly, we had a fairly large group and they refused to split the bill up for my friends. Is it really that difficult? You're the one inconveniencing me by requiring that I pay a sizable bill in cash. Just an idea, but I would be willing to pay the extra credit card fee ... but maybe it's all about taxes? After that, the customer service was in no way welcoming and definitely left me feeling unwanted with their tone and body language. I'm a nice guy and won't make a scene, but how about y'all try a little bit of courtesy at the front desk. They have a nice place and location, but I won't be returning. In fact, this experience was one of those times I regret not immediately turning around and walking out after getting that front desk vibe. Live & Learn.I went to South Bowl last week. It's only been open a couple of weeks now. The place is beautiful. Its two floors, with two bars i believe. They serve food and drinks and no one under 21 after 9 i think. I really did like the place although i do think the two game minimum is kind of stupid. At a typical bowling alley they do it buy the hour. Its around 24 bucks for the two games and rental, but you can't imagine how fast that goes if there are just two people playing. Other than that i don't have any other complaints, the owners did an amazing job and its a great addition to the community.Ok this is not a good start. It took 10 mins for the bartender to acknowledge us and then she whispered the seasonal beers after we asked. Got beers and asked for a food menus. 10-15 mins go buy and she's filling a water glass near us and I ask if she could put in a quesadilla for us (very politely not demanding or shouting or anything rude). Whoa! I must have fried her brain because I got scolded and told not to talk to her unless she makes eye contact. Remember she was just doing one thing, filling water for the person next to us. Not crazy busy either, maybe 12 ppl on her side of the bar. She came back about 2mins later and asked what we wanted. Hint: it's a quesadilla. I'm a bartender and would NEVER scold a customer like that. 
Now I'm waiting 7+ mins for a refill on my beer because I can't get eye contact.  Mean while the other bartender on the other side of the clearly split bar is killing it. To the point I just watched people move sides because our bartender,  with the bird tattoo, sucks. Our quesadilla arrives, pretty decent. Then we watch this donkey try to give us and several other people food we didn't order because she can remember whose it is (remember only about 12 ppl) Now 10 mins in and no beer and I'm staring her down (for eye contact), we are moving too. Fire this girl.
Update: +1 star -went upstairs, Dante is the man. I barely sat down and dude had a drink in my hand. Wood fired pizza is great, tots are tots...so pretty good.
Update#2: so after the rest of the night + 1 star. The team upstairs killed it and as it got busier their bar still held up.
UPDATE #3: So I went back after a few months to see if it got any better. It didn't. 12 people at the main bar and the bartender was in the weeds real bad. Nice Girl honestly, just not a very good bartender. Food took way too long, not sure if she rang it in late or the kitchen effed up but 30 minutes for some apps, not good. You have to be able to multitask. If there are two people in the group ask both of them what they want and get both drinks not one at a time. Also, the short haired blondish manager was completely inept at seeing this girl was struggling. And fix your damn tap lines! If its pissing out foam reset the pressure in the keg itself or make sure the CO2 is at the right pressure, otherwise you get warm over pressured lines that waste beer. If the lines are too long making for warm beer no matter what, look into a glycol system. Looking at you owner guy in the blue polo that had no business being behind the bar.
What I've noticed as a pattern for those that will still go to the downstairs bar, stay to the bowling alley side. They basically forget about the far side of the bar.Impromptu - called my son and went bowling. The Eagles game was playing on several screens as we bowled. We played 2 games had pizza, beer and just the sweetest, hard working waitress who loved her job! Great fun!!!Super fun place for the whole family. The atmosphere was retro and fun. The food was pretty good. I had a buffalo Mac n cheese. It was super tasty. And some cheese curds that where only ok. They should melt in your mouth. These where more like cut up cheese sticks. Our waiter was Edwin could have been more interested in his job. He barely came over. He couldn't remember what I ordered ( came back 3 times to ask) write it down buddy. Was a good experience for bowling. Will def go back.I was very excited to try South Bowl for the first time with my boyfriend and a friend. We got there a little after 6pm on a Saturday night and got a lane right away. After 7pm, I could tell there was a wait to get a lane. Near the end of our first game, the lane started malfunctioning. At first it was funny (i.e. seeing pins fall all over the place due to mechanical errors). However, after the third of fourth time this happened, it became an issue since we couldn't finish our game. There was a helpful guy there who was trying to fix the lane but it continued to be problematic. And once we were finished, it took 20 minutes to find our server to close out our tab. This place is great and I will be back - I'd just recommend going there a little earlier on the weekends or during the week (it's probably less busy). I'd also suggest management staff up servers and on mechanics during the busy hours.I really enjoyed myself at South Bowl,  I arrived at abt 12am and it was pretty packed, it was a casual crowd.  The drinks was nicely priced at about 5-7 dollars. They could have  had a better selection on food, the tater tots was good but the quesadillas were not. They had something called veggie wings,  I was afraid to try them.  Real chicken would have been great.Wowwww!! Waited here for 1.5 hours (on two seperate ocassions) They told me it would be a 35-40 minute wait! It wasnt even busy! Had 4 lanes open and they still didn't give us a lane. DO NOT COME HERE TO BOWL!  They didnt even have sports games on their TVs. Some were just turned off. Also the lack of parking sucks! These guys need to have better management. the ONLY bright side is they have good beer on taps and they are reasonably cheap. I would rather go to Playdrome or D&B.Very nice venue! Love the set up! The DJ was awesome..didnt bowl just came to grab a quick drink with some friends and chit chat...my next visit I will definitely get a game in.Wow... a perfect balance of sophistication, liveliness and chill. This is not your grandfathers bowling alley. You don't even have to like to bowl, lots to do, or just sit for the vibe, great music, the place is huge, lots of spaces to explore... Great menu something for everyone...Enjoyable environment for adults during happy with some specials. However it can also be enjoyed by families as there are activities for all ages. They have some good beer choices and the mixed drinks are well made. The food is average but keep in mind that it's a bowling alley. You can get free shoe rentals with a coupon from the yelp app.I came here New Year's eve day. We went bowling, ate and drank. We checked in on Yelp and got a free shoe rental - so we only had to play for the two games. After bowling we ordered appetizers: Cesar salad with grilled cheese croutons... delicious!! We also ordered nachos (there was a lot of confusion because it came with vegan cheese but we wanted real cheese). It took about 40 minutes or so until we received the nachos- I didn't love them, there weren't enough toppings. But the staff was very nice and took the nachos off the bill because it took them so long to bring it out. 
I will definitely return! We had a great time here!South bowl has a lot to offer. The establishment is quite chique and chill. There are 2 floors for bowling. However, there are arcade games, an upstairs deck, a full bar, and a small area to just dine.
They also have a pretty good and cheap menu. Their selection of beers and drinks are also pretty easy on the pocket. However, you really can't taste any alcohol if one was to order a mix drink. So, don't waste your money on those.
Give them a chance, I'm sure you'll enjoy South bowl.Pricey but nice atmosphere. I didn't like how the lanes were oiled or how the bench seating doesn't leave room for people to walk thru to take their turn. Someone's butt was always in my face. Food seemed okay but closer and cheaper places nearby that are good for before or after. Drink menu was decent.We were so surprised by this bowling alley! It is large, clean, so fun and so nice with great deals on drinks and tasty food! Will definitely be back for their Wednesday night specialsFun times for groups. There's a bar and the food is ok for bar food. Service is good, no one hovers or is intrusive.Went here last night for the first time!  It was my first time bowling int he city and I was impressed by the size of the place and how clean it was! The bowling was great, since it's relatively new, the shoes are relatively clean still and everything worked great!  I was with several friends and we tried several different kinds of tater tots! All were absolutely delicious! Go, order tater tots, now- just do it! We also enjoyed the Mac and Cheese and the Funnel Cake fries for dessert! Not the healthiest meal...but tasty! Next time I'ld like to try one of their pizzas!   
The one issue we had was with the veggie wings- just don't even bother, after having specifically asked about the veggie wings, what they were made out of etc, Twice, not once, but twice we were brought chicken wings...when they finally got it right and brought the veggie wings, they were awful...- not to mention any other place would have taken them off the check after getting it wrong twice, but not these guys..  
In short- go, enjoy, have a Malbec Margarita, tater tots and Funnel cake fries, but don't expect them to get your order right, the first, or even the second time.I haven't even bowled yet so this is a little biased but still feels necessary. Picked this place because it looked cool and my friends thought it was BYOB (it wasn't but it's still fine). We got there at 7:30 to learn there weren't any lanes on a Monday and it's an hour wait (fine). Then we learn there are more lanes upstairs but they only use them "when they're busy". I get it, not usually busy on a monday, but now it's 8:40 and we just asked and now it's 30 mins "or less" (like it's some kind of good deed by this bowling alley to say one hour turned into an hour and a half "or less"). So the upstairs lanes honestly feel a little necessary.
To add on top of that, if you want drinks, your hour and a half (maybe less) must be spent at the bar if you want to get drinks, because you must open a tab (with that second credit card we all have?, I mean come on guys it's south philly) wherever you are at the time, even if it's around the corner (I mean like ten feet max).
The bartender will say "the pitcher is four and hayyyf drinks" which isn't even a Philly accent. I'll update this when I actually bowl if that ever happens.STOLE MY MONEY!!  My first time here and I had a wonderful time, the food was good, drinks were even better and all of our servers were friendly.  however, I wish i could rate my experience a ZERO.  I left my card at the bar for my tab and the next day my credit card was charged with over $400 of merchandise from Macys!  The items were delivered to an address in Secane, PA.  
I felt so violated.  And I know if I would have contacted this venue they would have done nothing about it but write my name down.  Thankfully my bank was able to give my money back and even Macys compensated me for the theft.  I will never come back here and if you must go keep you credit/debit card on you!  You've been warned.The epitome of poor service !!! South Bowl has a lot of potential. The parking lot is too tight and there isn't much street parking. 
The server did not even ask for our drink order when we were seated. She seed so flustered, kept forgetting the simplest things.  We waited about 30 minutes for our order to be taken. After we thought we order she came back 15 minutes later to ask what we had ordered again, Then another 45 minutes for the food. It was cold and my ketchup had been dropped which I had to wait another 20 minutes for. 
Once the lane finally opened we decided to walk over to the bar. The bartender took about 15 minutes to even acknowledge us. Then requested that we wait another moment while she took other guest orders who seemed to have approached the bar after us. 
By this time I was completely over it and figured that I would just enjoy my family's company and bowl. 
2 Stars because despite the poor service I enjoyed myself and the Food Runners & Bussers were very hospitable.Experience was average overall. They will only take cash for shoe rental and gameplay and conveniently direct you to their in-house ATM for which I'm sure they profit. Conveniently, however, they are happy to take your debit and credit cards for food and drink orders. Nothing suspicious about that! 
Although it was early in the evening, they were out of the shrimp egg rolls featured as a special. I asked about two other featured items and was discouraged from ordering them by the waitress. I settled on the fish tacos which were actually good; just needed more salt.  When it was time to pay, I received the correct bill, but the incorrect credit card. Had to spend time waiting for waitress to clear that up. Bowling itself went well. DJ on 6/9/18 was great!This was my first time going to South Bowl & I will definitely go again. The staff were friendly, the food was delicious and the prices were very reasonable.I had a great time here! The drinks were awesome, superb customer service, fun atmosphere!Great experience at South Bowl. Shaunna was really helpful and the whole front desk staff was patient and attentive. It was a little chaotic for a Friday night when I went but everything was taken care of just as we asked. We had 2 of the upstairs lanes and ordered food which came out quickly and was delicious. Definitely a nice alternative to North Bowl and Lucky strike. Plenty of parking too.Went to South Bowl on Saturday night with a large group of friends and we had a blast -  I love it here!!!!  The space is beautifully done with two different bar areas, two different game areas filled with video games and pool tables,  and lanes on both floors. There was a DJ spinning great music and the food was fantastic. We were 10 people and did have to wait about 30minutes for our lanes to become available side by side but I wouldn't expect anything different at 9:30pm on a Saturday night and this gave us some time to get drinks at the bar.   I can't wait for the weather to break to hang outside on the roof deck. We will definitely be back.I usually give businesses the benefit of the doubt, but I'm trying to be polite when I say that this place is unprofessional all the way up to the manager. From just checking in to play a game, everyone behind the counter was confused and couldn't do something as simple as add me to a lane and hand me my shoes. They first told us an incorrectly high price per game and they refused to yield until after significant convincing. They finally admitted they were incorrect and lowered the price. 
Later when checking out we asked for our license back. They couldn't find it and accused US of losing it. We insisted that no one at any time attempted to return a license. We asked to speak to the manager. He said his name is Zachary.  They did a (very) simple search of the place and continued to insist that we lost it, saying (in a very stern tone) "look, I can guarantee you that I gave you a license". At no time did the manager or any of the employees show empathy or apologize. We left the building for a few minutes and came back to find them frantically searching the floor with a flashlight- which shows that they know they lost it. 
We're all human, so mistakes happen. But when they do happen, you have to own up to it rather than accuse others to cover your faults. This type of treatment is NOT good for business or any moral situation for that matter. 
I will not be coming back to this place.I loved coming here with my family! Definitely a place to go to. The best thing about it, is that teenagers can't come in without an adult. The only disappointment was that the waitress had accidentally dropped our food on the table. (Hopefully they made us another one instead of rearranging it.) Other then that I'll definitely come back!I'm not the biggest fan of bowling, but I really love South Bowl.  I've been here on Friday nights and the place is big enough that it's never really crowded, which is great.
Bowling isn't too expensive, and they have cheap beers ($2.50 PBRs, yum) to get you through a couple of games.  Service is hit or miss, but I'm willing to forgive that in a place like this.
I haven't gotten food myself, but others that I've been with have and they've said that it's great.  I've had some of the tater tots, though, and they are perfect!The quesadillas are gross. They are made with caramelized unions and no meat. If the quesadilla was listed under vegetarian I would understand but my group was alittle confused. They were terrible.Food is decent, drinks were decent, atmosphere was decent. Nothing mind blowing- lucky strike definitely has a better vibe. Food and drinks are reasonably priced, bowling is overpriced per game. 
Nothing to write home about.I'm really excited for a fun recreational place to go to in South Philly besides Xfinity Live. South Bowl is this place. Brand new it still has some kinks to work out but overall a very nice place.
It has a really small parking lot but there is also street parking if you can find it. Just as bad living around here. The place itself is huge much bigger than North bowl. Seems like more lanes too. There's a bunch of games like fusion and air hockey to play. We went on a Saturday and it was a 2 hour wait to bowl, which was fine because there is a lot to do here including a DJ and a small dance floor and 2 bar areas downstairs and upstairs. The bartenders were friendly and drink prices are very reasonable. The blueberry mojito is very good. They are also known for heir tots which come in 10 different styles. However bowling prices were pretty high. Overall this could turn out to be the best place in South Philly as it has a lot of potential. Definitely worth checking out.I had the worst experience at South Bowl!! The customer service is terrible and the owner is even worse! The customer is always right is not a saying that they ever heard of. This place is terrible in conjunction with north bowl. Spend your money at an establishment that appreciates your business! go to Revolutions on Delaware Ave.Last night I took 5 kids bowling. Really beautiful bowling alley (if there is such a thing). In bowling alleys it's all about service and most doesn't cut it but this place really gets it right! Professional, friendly staff, very attentive. The best of the 5 other lanes I've been too. Equipment extremely well maintained.A great space on Oregon Ave that is good for all ages.  There menu and drinks are equally great and the best part may be the affordable pricing for everything.  My boyfriend and I will definitely be back with friends for a fun night out.It's a huge bowling alley! The whole "cash only" policy at the front desk for lanes and shoes needs to go away. The bar takes credit cards for foodand drinks.
They get three stars because my first impression of the place was overall middle of the road.
5 stars for the music!  The selection of music the DJs played was fantastic.  DJs Argo and DJ Lexx were in-house when I was there I I hope they go back.  
I will def. come again with a large group because it's perfect for a group outing and you can talk,  drink, bowl and maybe even dance!! The social part of it had a great draw and I think they will succeed based on that alone but for a Friday night it was pretty dead. 
The guest service is an area that needs the most improvement.  It's new so I understand if more training needs to happen but  I felt that I was getting in the employees' way and that's never good. The best service we got was on the lanes because we needed assistance with setting up the number of people for each Lance on the screen. Other than that nobody went above and beyond.Sucks I had to give this one start because I love this place but the service literally is HORRIBLE. The waitress kept disappearing with her boyfriend in the bathroom area and took 30 minutes between drinks. I was only meeting friends there so I started a tab at the bar had food and drinks and then was told by the bartender that I couldn't order because I let talking to my friends at the lane, mind you I had a huge tab at the bar and only talked to my friends for a second. Please get new servers, bartenders or new management because they suck.We hosted our wedding in the upstairs lounge at South Bowl and it was simply wonderful! The event day staff were so cheerful, helpful and professional. The preparations for the big day were an ease, thanks to  the Sales & Events Manager. The South Bowl staff took care of details that I wouldn't have even thought of and made use of the space in a way that was so adaptive and perfect for our event.  I can do nothing be sing the praises of the South Bowl facility and staff!This place is AWESOME! So impressed by the magnitude and the incredible job they did with this space. It is GORGEOUS.
So far, I have tried the sausage/broccoli rabe pizza and the tater tots, both delicious! 
The beer and liquor selection is great as well. Oh! and they had a DJ playing both times I was there, great tunes! 
I think everyone needs to remember that they JUST OPENED. All new businesses need a little time to work out the kinks. 
I, personally am so appreciative that I don't have to go far from my neighborhood to bowl, so fun!Went here with a big party for my friend's 21st bday for the 4-6 happy hour. We had a girl server most of the time with the ginger hair and she had on shorts and knee high socks, she was super sweet we all loved her! Everything went smoothly except our lanes had errors a few times. The drinks were reasonably priced as well as the food. Their tater tots, wings, pizza and funnel fries were delicious. Also, it's a bummer that they were cash only for the bowling even though they accept credit cards for everything else. We had a great time and would definitely come back again!We came to a bowling party and my mom is in a wheelchair. It was very accessible. Facilities were well maintained and the waitress was very attentive to our specific needs. I would definitely return.So a bunch of my friends and I were at South bowl last night for my brothers birthday. Since it was a Friday night, we knew of course that business will be to a high volume, we decided to play pool while waiting for our lanes to open. We had no problem waiting since we were keeping ourselevs occupied on the games while emptying shots of alcohol and devouring food in our faces like we didn't just had another thanksgiving at home prior to our arrival.. yeah we're greedy fat food loving people. Lol so after atleast an hour and a half of waiting, our lanes were finally open upstairs. We proceeded to our lanes and as we started our menu options, we noticed that the machines had some type of glitching. We ignored it and still tried to play..but the machine started to acting up by sending us to a screen saying "error". We immediately contacted one of the workers and he thought he fixed that problem...but unfortunately it kept jumping back to error. The worker got one of the manager involved but we got no help from him because he was "done with his shift". ARE U SERIOUS?? He got another manager involed and i wish i can remember his name because he was very accomodating. He even stayed around to see why we kept calling management to fix the "errors". So, by the look on our party of 14, we were definitely not satisfied after 3 longs hours of playing just ONE game. He decided to give us a choice of either we wanted to stick around for another game or get a part of our refund. Of course, since it was almost close to closing and we were all tired of waiting, we took partial of our money back. He apologized and hopes we come back. Well, of course we are. I can't keep away from those tots and Korean tacos. Lol and just as long as we don't go back to those lanes upstairs. Love how discreet it is with your own group but those machines needs work! Please fix it! =)We held our child's birthday yesterday at South Bowl and it was absolutely phenomenal!  Very clean, very modern, great customer service, better parking situation than north bowl.  We were in the upstairs loft area which has four lanes, a bar, and arcade games, and outdoor deck.  Food was catered by them and it was absolutely delicious.  We had tater tots, pretzel bites, beef sliders, spanish tots, buffalo wings, cheesesteaks, and short rib quesadilla(amazing!!).  The waitress who took care of us in the afternoon was sensational (Megan.)  We also had ice cream from one of their vendors Weckerleys (not sure of spelling??)...guests raved about it.Went there last month with over a dozen co-workers and friends. The aesthetics alone deserves a 5 star rating --- the comfort of the lounge-like seating has a distinguishing appeal I've never experienced at a bowling alley. Plus, the bartenders are friendly, fast, and don't cheap out on you on mixed drinks. Food is ok and to be completely honest, everything is a bit overpriced --- but based on location and extravagant design, it was almost expected. You don't go onto a Mercedes lot looking for cheap cars!
Perfect for a fun night out with the friends or a date with that pretty girl you've been eyeing (doooo ittt!) South Bowl definitely won over my heart and I'll be visiting again soon. :DWent with my partner and another couple to bowl and have some drinks last night, and the entire experience was great! Service was wonderful (quick, nice!) at the counter, bar, and on the lanes. Prices are totally reasonable for bowling (it was about $15/person for 2 games + shoes), and it's nice that they charge by the game and not the hour (although that also explains why they don't reserve lanes). We had NO problems getting a lane at 7 pm on a Friday night, and it looked as if there wasn't ever much of a wait - it was busy, but not overly so. 
Cocktails were weak but cheap ($6 for a martini?!?!). Wine list was short, but $26 for a bottle? YES PLEASE. 
And the FOOD! We have already talked about coming back just to eat. $5.50 for tots with cheese, bacon, scallions, sour cream - DELICIOUS. And the $7 pierogie skillet was a little weird but also yummy! Inexpensive and good! Saw the burger on our neighboring lane and will have to try that next time. 
After bowling we played a few games of pool and considered Buck Hunter - a few good arcade games, no waiting! 
An Uber ride from CC is only $10-15, there is plenty of street parking, and the crowd was great - not hipsters (North Bowl), not young professionals/suburbanites (Lucky Strike), but a good mix. We will be back soon!Cool place to have a couple games of bowling. Been here couple of times but each time sub par waitering service for instance my order last night 8/24 was never brought out after an hour of waiting for simple tater tots. How do you have a pizza special half off Monday night but do go through with the special if you promote it? If it wasn't for my pass two bad experiences I'd give it a 4 star rating.My first time at South Bowl, and this place is amazing!
Except for one thing. The service. Our server had more lanes than she was capable of taking, which meant we didn't see her unless it was every half an hour. Got our food. And all I needed was ketchup. I asked a bus boy. Saw him pass our lane about 6 times and no ketchup. Asked our actual server, and the same result. Passed our land 6 times and no ketchup. I finally had to ask a server that wasn't even in our section, just so happen to be coming from the kitchen and yes! Finally! The simplest condiment known to man finally in my hands. Thank you, Sarina! Now, again the wait to see our server. In the mean time, we'll continue to go to the bar since we can't seem to order drinks from the designated person that was suppose to help us in our time.South Bowl is AWESOME!!!! A group of us went on Saturday night and had great food and drinks, great service and a great freaking time! Staff was on-point and attentive...the pizza was delicious as well as the tator tots! And I had THE BEST margarita! The DJ was spinning music that made me dance in the bowling lane. And the coolest thing was being able to take our pics for our bowling "team" and you can send messages to other lanes! The place is dope and I can't wait to go back and hang out on the deck outside!!!First time I went our waitress gave us the completely wrong pizza, the manager was super nice and took it off the bill and we were brought out the right one. They had just opened so tonight we decided to give them a second chance. We ordered the mozzarella and rabe medallions, they came out completely frozen. We had to flag down a man who looked like he worked there since our waitress was nowhere in sight. Our drinks were ordered before our appetizer and came out when our food did. They forgot the kimchi pancakes which we ordered after already having to send food back you would think they would have been paying better attention. They took the mistakes off the bill but half the night our waitress was MIA and after two tries I can't say I'll be giving them a third.I love visiting north or south bowl when I come home to visit my family in Philadelphia. We always have a great time bowling and hanging out playing  foos ball...My husband got a free drink for getting six strikes in a row which I thought was pretty cool! Alyssa our bartender told us about that.. She was friendly, knowledgable and she helped us pick out some great apps! It's hard to find service like that.:)My boyfriend planned a surprise party for me with about 20 guests at this location and they blocked off an entire back section just for us. The drinks were flowing, games were well priced and we had a heck of a night celebrating!Nice place except our lane had errors several times and took us going to get someone to fix it. Staff was not friendly and hardly helpful.We had our daughters' birthday party here in June. I cannot overstate how excellent the customer service was, with both our helpful server and the party planner being accommodating, available and sensitive to our party's every need. It was 100% worth the expense to have a fully set up party to walk into, one where kids and adults enjoyed themselves, and no clean up!! Thanks to the South Bowl staff for a fantastic kids' party!!!