This is the best place I've been to in a longggg time!! A grownup spot with no distractions...just focus on your dinner companion. The music is incredible with Live music and since I live down, I'll be back over and over...I'm in loveWe came here as I have heard that the food is good.  I am glad we made reservations as it was packed on a Saturday night.  The place was a little warm for our taste but loved the ambiance.  We shared a cheese board that was nicely put together.  For my entree I had the salmon which had a nice blend of flavors.  My friend had the short rib which was very tasty and was a good choice.  I would like to come back here and try the fried chicken next time.  It look us a long time to get the check but was able to enjoy the music till then.Came here for restaurant week. It was extremely crowded on the day that we went because there was a jazz performance. We knew about the performance ahead of time and how popular it was so we were not bombarded or uncomfortable, we expected it. The ambiance, the decor the atmosphere... it's all perfect. if I could frequent this place without having to eat or drink, I would just to enjoy the atmosphere. Our server was polite, knowledgeable and attentive. Our appetizers, entrees and desserts were phenomenal. 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!This is some of the best food I've ever tasted in my life. There is not much more that can be said than that. I was sitting with about 6 people and we all ordererd something different and were having foodgasms. The pork...Lord have mercy...OH AND THE DESSERTS! Pecan pie with salted caramel gelato. You won't be sorry you came in here. They also have great music on Wednesday nights booked by pianist Orrin Evans.Wow! Great venue with excellent food. I went to the Roy Hargrove performance this month. The venue is perfect. I was seated directly in front of the band. The service was excellent. No complaints. I highly recommend this place.I think South has the potential to be much better than what it is now. The atmosphere is inviting, live music is always a plus, but the food and service fall flat.  Our waitress was very inexperienced, describing menu items vaguely and haphazardly " we focus on fresh and healthy food- like we have organic chicken and things like that". When she finally brought our bread, she described it as "like Gouda biscuits".   My boyfriends gumbo was so bland and tasteless he had to ask for hotsauce to give it some flavor, and that didn't even begin to give it the depth and complexity of flavor that a good gumbo is known for.  My steak which I ordered medium rare was more medium, very thin, and seemed like it was from the local supermarket.  My biggest criticism was that the 2 heavily bearded cooks who were wearily working the open kitchen, weren't using any coverings for their big beards. Gross!!!  The only item we ordered worth eating was the berry and peach cobbler topped with ice cream. 
Do yourself a favor and buy a good steak, fresh veggies, and a bottle of wine and make yourself a better meal at home- without the beards and valley girl service.Had high hopes and was not disappointed. Food and drinks were very good, especially liked the grits, cornbread, and fried green tomatoes. You can't visit this restaurant and not get the cornbread, it comes warm out of oven in a small cast iron skillet with butter on top. I ended up ordering the seafood gumbo after much debate, not too spicy and overall good but I discovered I'm just personally not a huge fan of gumbo. Can't forget to mention the great service too, very accommodating and pleasant.South Restaurant 
Biscuits- same texture as red Lobster 
Appetizer Crab toast!! Awesome
Entree Short ribs with cream collard greens yummy, carrots and grits ( I don't eat grits but everyone else said they were good)
Dessert- warm peach and blackberry cobbker w/vanilla ice cream (so good. I don't usually eat dessert). 
My drink- cucumber strawberry lemonade - yummy not to strong 
Shawn had duck gumbo, salmon w/ cream corn and rice and same dessert. My my friends had the pecan pie w/ice cream.
Cons The drinks were really expensive. And they charged a drink tax. So our bill was really high. 
However I would eat hear again. The décor is beautiful. Bathrooms very nice and clean. Service top notch. (Especially Lydia)We didn't hear the band. Our reservations were way before the band was due to play.I saw this place on line and when I visited my daughter in Philly, I couldn't wait to visit. So we went to see Cindy Bradley, a trumpeter( who is also a teacher). She was so entertaining with her various stories. But her playing transported me to the Bay Area of Cali. In the house band was no other than Gerald Veasley. The food was really tasty. I had the special of Mahi Mahi over yellow rice, with a mango and I believe corn sauce. I ate every last bit. These are the same people who own Relish, so it makes sense the food was delicious. My daughter had catfish , which she loved. The drinks were good but my cosmo tasted like it had no liquor. My daughter loved her strawberry cucumber drink. And I have to mention, we had one fine brother as a waiter. I can't remember his name but his hair was pulled back in a ponytail. Very attentive! We will return!Enjoying the south cuisine with the exuberant sounds of Jazz, a perfect start to a weekend.THE place for jazz and great food. I've been a fan of these people since they were on S 11th St. They know how to do things right.  Delicious food and great music, but above all... they make you feel welcome, and that's very important. The menu is interesting,  there's plenty to choose from,  and everything is presented beautifully. Service was top notch, and the music is outstanding. They stand alone in this city as a venue for live music and food for "foodies". If you're visiting our city, I'd say it's a "must do". If you're a Philly resident, then you have no excuse. Go support them. You'll be glad you did.We really enjoyed our dinner at South. We've been meaning to try it since opening, but having a toddler makes his difficult. 
We ventured out for my husbands birthday. We were promptly seated, drink orders were taken quickly, and food came out quickly as well. Husband ordered a peach mint julep, which he thoroughly enjoyed.
We loved everything we ate. We were served delicious biscuits to start. We ordered the rock shrimp, which was incredibly fresh and tasty. We then had the special gumbo, which was a healthy portion considering the price. We ordered a sirloin medium rare but it was served medium well. We are not the type to send back food, so we ate it, but this is why this rating is a 4 instead of a 5. We also ordered a side of Hushpuppies, which were great too!
The ambience is lovely as is the live music. We were very impressed and will definitely return!This restaurant/jazz bar is AMAZING. Now don't get me wrong, it's also pricy but worth it. 
My fiancée and I went for our 1 year anniversary. We bought the tickets for the show (25.00 each) ahead of time. The show was at 9:00, but we got there at 8:00 and sat at the bar. They started seating at 8:30. 
Everyone was kind and welcoming from the moment you arrived, to the moment you left. We ordered probably a total of 6 drinks, 2 appetizers (shrimp and corn bread, very good) our main meal (fried chicken and salmon. The salmon was very small, but the sides made up for it; the fried chicken delicious) and dessert (chocolate moose with Toffee pieces) to DIE for, so delicious. 
The show was beautiful, amazing, so romantic. The chairs and the seating arrangement though, tight. I'm a plus sized woman, and I was a little cramped but it was all worth it! You cannot get up and dance, but the music is so relaxing and amazing; why would you want to. 
My fiancée and I had a magical time; but after the tickets, the meal, tip and tax it was about a 200.00 night easy. 
We most likely will be returning for another beautiful occasion. This was perfect.Good place to listen to some live jazz or grab some food! The decor is very quaint and cape cod like... the drinks are good! We ordered their butter fried chicken.. which I thought was good only for one person! The Mac and cheese is also good, but I've had better! The best thing for me was the live jazz! Great sound and perfect for a date night out!Had a great time here! For now I can only give 4 stars as I wasn't able to fully dine here yet. Next time I have to book early since it fills up quick. Luckily, I was able to get in to enjoy a fantastic jazz set with some new friends I met here while waiting for seat. The atmosphere here is exceptional and the staff is really first rate! The entertainment was top notch which capped off my evening perfectly. I plan to return soon to get the full dining experience and give a full 5-star review!My son took my husband and I here Thursday night to celebrate my birthday. I had the fried green tomatoes app, catfish entree. Both were delicious, though the breading on the fish was a bit thick. My husband had lamb shank, which he described as 5 star. My son had the special which were oxtails. He enjoyed them, but said they aren't as tender as he likes. The appetizer portion could have been more for the price, but overall, I'd probably return.What can I say?  Chris McBride!!!  
Amazing music! 
The food was delicious.  Fried lobster and grits!  
The biscuits floated off the plate. So light yet so flavorful.First time I tried this restaurant and it was restaurant week visit. I was super satisfied after my meal ;-) 
The location was kinda far. I've been that place before and it was lobster/ seafood place if I remember right. The ambiance was pretty same except they were playing live jazz music and it was quite nice. 
3 course restaurant week menu we tried were gumbo( our waitress recommended and she was right), pork chop, mahi and chicken. For dessert we got spiced pumpkin cake and pecan pie with vanilla ice cream. 
Their bread basket was die for. Yummy cheese biscuit and corn bread with cream cheese butter. We ended up asking second basket.
Appetizer sized gumbo was huge and delicious. Everyone enjoyed it. I believe pork chop was the best choice among main dish. Mahi with farro salad was pretty good too but little lack of flavor. 
For dessert huge pecan pie piece came out with big scoop of vanilla ice cream. Was really delicious. I ended up left my spice pumpkin dessert and just ate pecan pie coz was so so good. Overall was super satisfying. I will def go back.We came here as I have heard that the food is good.  I am glad we made reservations as it was packed on a Saturday night.  The place was a little warm for our taste but loved the ambiance.  We shared a cheese board that was nicely put together.  For my entree I had the salmon which had a nice blend of flavors.  My friend had the short rib which was very tasty and was a good choice.  I would like to come back here and try the fried chicken next time.  It look us a long time to get the check but was able to enjoy the music till then.Really enjoyed the jazz and dinner combo here! We saw Sullivan Fortner here and really liked him. The food was pretty good,although you can find better southern food elsewhere in the city, and as expected a bit on the pricier side. Overall a great place for a fancy date night! Would like to come back and dine in the restaurant portion of the restaurant and try some of their other food. The service was good and the atmosphere of the restaurant is really nice!The ambiance and jazz are great but the service is terrible!  Over 30 min to get our drinks and we had to chase down a server to put in apps.  Totally unacceptable and not sure I will be back!  There are other jazz locations in the city that are worth my time and money.Have eaten here several times and amazing experience . The restaurant itself it wonderfully inviting, the drinks superbly done, and the food is amazing!!!I did not think I would love South as much as I did! 
My sister, brother-in-law, and myself went for dinner and drinks and were not disappointed. We made reservations but went early to sit at the bar and have a few drinks before dinner and there were so many great options. My sister is pregnant so she sipped on lemonade, I had mine spiked, and my brother-in-law had a few different types of bourbon. 
We had the crab toast and fried green tomatoes to start and they were both awesome. Followed by the Duck, Shrimp and Grits, and Stuffed flounder and we did not have a single complaint! We all left stuffed and happy, very happy and a little boozed!The entire dining experience was just that -- an experience, in the best sense of the word. My husband and I came here from out of state and could not have been more pleased with the food, music, service, and overall vibe of the establishment. The oysters were incredibly fresh, and the cornbread is not to be missed -- and I can't rave enough about the short ribs and the apple dessert we shared at the end of the meal. Overall, an amazing experience, and worth a trip back to Philly!This place is very overrated. Towards the higher end price point for Philly and food was bland. We were a large party and half the table got their food cold after waiting 45min from ordering. You can certainly find better food and BYOs in a hundred other places in the city. Pass.Perfection in every detail.
From the customer service to the ambience with the beautiful decor and sounds of jazz playing in the background to the insaneeeee flavors that come through with each bite of their food, this place is beyond impressive.  
We started with some double IPAs that our waitress (who was very quick and offered great service) recommended.  We are IPA addicts and can be picky with what we like, but this double IPA was great!  We went with two appetizers (blue crab toast and rock shrimp)... and we loved the blue crab toast so much that we ordered a second serving, the duck confit gumbo (it was part of the restaurant week offering), house pappardelle with local mushrooms and mustard greens, and bourbon pecan.  EVERYTHING, and I mean EVERYTHING, tasted heavenly.  We savored every bit of the duck confit gumbo, couldn't get enough of the blue crab toast, and absolutely fell in love with the pappardelle!!!  It is definitely a dish that we will end up craving continuously.  
This place is a must-go and certainly a new favorite in our books!  We had our first date at Alla Spina and have many fond memories of it (and still go!), but we will now have to make a pit stop or end our night at South moving forward.Took 45 mins to seat us even though we had a reservation. Drinks took literally an hour to get to our table. Food was oversalted. Very annoyed, it was my mothers birthday and we completely hated it. We thought this place would be comparable to warmdaddys but it's not even in the same lane. TERRIBLE!Atmosphere, food, music, service, selection all are class. The staff was very attentive and great at making recommendations. The place is just always a blast.Went to this fabulous restaurant celebrating my sisters birthday   Food was wonder had the pleasure of seeing Stanley Jordan who was also fantastic. Great time grown up atmosphere.  Our waitress Alexis took great care of us. Will definitely be back.This place is spectacular!!! The music is excellent and my service was great on a Saturday night! I had the whiskey punch which was so delicious and not overly sweet. We ordered a cornbread skillet for the table and it didn't last long! Warm delicious and crunchy edges. I got the fried lobster and grits. I enjoyed every bite. We will definitely be back!!Clear five star meal, service, and experience.
We had the Kingfish and Gumbo, and topped it off with the Butter Pecan Pie. All three were excellent dishes that we would consider ordering again. Even the bread served to the table was excellent: corn bread and gouda biscuits with a sweet honey butter.
We were there before the live music started, but it was clear the atmosphere would be great during it.This was my 1st visit, my mother surprised my step dad for his 70th birthday. When she initially called to make the reservation for 18 she was annoyed because it was considered an event(which means more money). So we called separately to reserve tables in the jazz parlor. The atmosphere is really nice and the staff were friendly. The drinks were watered down, my brother ordered a shot of grey goose($16) that barely covered the bottom of the glass. The gumbo and cornbread were great, but my sister's brisket was salty and so was parts of my red fish. The potato salad was runny and some of the potatoes were under cooked. We had to request things 2-3 times to our server, which was annoying. I'm not sure if it's on the website, but they add an extra $5 for the entertainment and the gratuity of 18% is included. Unfortunately I didn't keep the itemized bill that taxed us for entertainment, alcohol, PA tax and I can't remember the other item. Needles to say, I do not see myself patronizing this place again.We had dinner here and the food and service was exceptional.  Our server, Marie (shaved head girl... jk) was knowledgeable and courteous. I would recommend this place to people who enjoy good food, great service, and good music.Server was too occupied texting and socializing with other servers. We assume to what was the general manager, we stopped him to ask for our credit card back after 18 minutes. He was kind enough to bring it immediately after we asked. 
The food was nothing special. Check other options before making this your go to spot.At first glance, it looks great, but we were quickly turned off by the fast and cold service along with the $7 fee per person to sit in the "jazz"room. Our gumbo tasted like it had been in a crockpot for a couple days and had burned. My steak was luke warm, but there was light at the end of the tunnel- the shrimp and grits were awesome and the manager was accommodating and pleasant. He gave us an extra steak and took both off the bill.  I would probably try this place again in hopes that it may redeem itselfMe and my Wife came here for happy hour.  The drink specials were ok. For appetizers we ordered The blue crab toast and cajun shrimp deviled eggs.  Both apps were very good and you receive 4 items per order.  As for the entrees their is not much to write home about. We waited 50 minutes for our entrees to arrive which was disappointing.  I have been dying to try Souths Fried Lobster and Grits and my wife ordered the Blackened Salmon.  Both dishes were underwhelming.  My grits were overcooked and lacked flavor. The lobster tail lacked seasoning.  My wifes salmon was overcooked and lacked seasoning.  Maybe South just had a bad night, me and my wife agreed to give them another shot but probably during restaurant week.Good restaurant for southern style food and a variety of jazz. In order to hear the jazz, you need to reserve in the Jazz Parlor, a separate room, which has an extra charge. (Different amounts for different performers.) We enjoyed Sunday jazz brunch with their regular Sunday 3 piece combo and vocalist performing lively and enjoyable American standards. Prix fixe brunch offers many options and portions were ample. I liked the fried green tomatoes, scrambled eggs, biscuits, and sausage. I'm not a fan of grits. The filling in the lemon meringue tart was a nice combo of tart and sweet but the crust was like cement. Our server was friendly and attentive, and food was served promptly. The place is large, light and spacious - a very pleasant atmosphere. No parking lot, so best to get a driver. You need to tell driver that the entrance is on Mt. Vernon St off Broad or you will get dropped at Green St, a block away.This place just opened up in the former Route 6.  Have now been three times in about a week and a half.  Space is very open and they have two rooms essentially - the main dining and bar and then a separate enclosed jazz lounge (full dining).  I've had drinks, full dinner, and happy hour - and all have been awesome.  
The food is blowing my mind.  I was skeptical of southern / New Orleans type cuisine as its not my favorite but this is a modern twist - everything has just a hint of the south.  Everything tastes rich but is not over sauced or covered in cream.
The scallop crudo is awesome - slightly smoked and comes with some chilis and avocado.
The crawfish fritters are exactly as they sound - amazing.
The gnocchi is a cornmeal take on it with a soft egg and some bitter greens - really tasty.  
The fired oysters are one of favorite things so far.  They are smaller in size than the typical one - perhaps this is why they are so darn tender.  
The best dish I've had so far is the corn soup.  It's a massive bowl and comes with two blue crab beignets.  This dish is rich without being too creamy or heavy.  
And don't forget the bread. You get corn muffins and bacon biscuits with sweet cream butter.  So awesome.
They have a solid beer and wine list (seem to be figuring this out as they go along) and they have a lot of bourbon based cocktails.  
Happy hour is 4-6 and you get $2 off beer, $5 glasses of white or red wine and a deal on the cocktails but I don't exactly remember.
Haven't stayed for jazz but my neighbors did and liked it.  
Check it out!Very small Jazz Parlor but still a very nice place to listen to some of the best jazz anywhere. Wonderful night out with friends or a date. Food is good and prices are reasonable.  Can't beat it.The 3 stars are for the JAZZ! I would highly recommend have dinner else where and comes for the show. Great deal on Sunday! Drinks and deserts are very average! Service was long and a lot of waiting around staff including manager linger and stand around moving in slow motion.Thoroughly impressed. The food was excellent. The live jazz was fantastic. The service was top notch! On our way out, we had workers hurrying to open doors for us, and at least 10 employees said "Have a nice night" to us as we meandered our way out of the restaurant. We are regular foodies and go to New Orleans every year, and this was the closest I've Been to a NOLA-esque restaurant in Philly. I hope they do a Jazz brunch!!!!Initially sat down for dinner and it was 30 mins before we got any attention. We wanted to see the show which is apparently in a different part of the restaurant. We were told to wait 15 mins to be seated there, but 45 minutes later they tell us tickets were actually sold out. Worst thing is, we didn't order any food yet because they said we should wait until we get to the jazz area. Got so fed up we decided to leave. Wasted an evening here and neither ate nor got to see a show.Seriously go here.  We are from the south and it is amazing. What the three of us ordered.  Got there at 5 sat at bar.  We ordered 6 drinks.  4 Vodka and tonics and 2 yuengling beers.  4 small plates.  Grits with cheese and bacon (amazing ) crawfish fritters. (Even better ) hush puppies and crispy potato dumplings.  All was amazing and the three of us left more than satisfied.    And the best part....... Only 63$.       Amazing.   Enjoy.Five stars because the Jazz music was some of the most amazing I've heard. Great ambiance and open atmosphere with a good happy hour, southern inspired drinks and food as well.The food and the ambience was lovely- fresh, clean and neutral.  We had the shrimp, fried oysters and crawfish fritters. It's fancy southern food.  I enjoyed it and will go again.  They also had live jazz which I enjoyed.South is such a beautiful establishment with halfway decent food BUT the customer service is poor. I was greeted by a friendly hostess who directed me to my seat. I'm not sure if my server was new, inexperienced or just had no care in the world today. We ordered Mac and cheese and deviled eggs for a starter (which was absolutely delicious) but it took our server over 25 minutes to come back and check in the table. We had finished the appetizers, stacked the dishes and waited patiently and this behavior continued throughout the night. I asked for a straw and a box twice and never received either. As a fellow server/bartender...keep the food, lose the server.Delicious food and live jazz! Great experience here. Get the lamb in red sauce, fall off the bone.YES. YUM. GO.
This is probably the best restaurant I've been to in a long time - fantastic food, great service, warm atmosphere, live music. What more could you want? (Maybe a name that is more distinctive when trying to conduct a google search, but hey...)
We started off with a round of cocktails at the bar. At the bartender's offering, we told him what flavors/alcohol we liked and he made us delicious, custom drinks. The hostess then offered to give us a mini-tour of the space, so we could see the live jazz area - while tables are available here for a small cost (more on Thursdays when the bigger acts come through), you can also sit in the main part of the restaurant so the music isn't overwhelmingly loud.
We then settled in for a round of appetizers: the Louisiana Crawfish Fritters and Crispy Rock Shrimp were fantastic (clearly fried shellfish has a special place in my heart) and the South House Salad was very fresh. We were equally delighted by the Carolina White Shrimp and lobster grits (3 big shrimp, very little lobster) and our Apple dessert.This is such a fantastic restaurant. The ambiance is wonderful, such a classy place. I've been here for happy hour and dinner. While both were really good, I can see myself coming here for happy hour a lot. They key is to get there around their opening time at 4 for happy hour before it gets busy. Dinner doesn't start until 6:30/7 I believe. They have very affordable food and drink specials. My friends and I tried every single appetizer offered for happy hour and many of the drinks. Their dinner portions are pretty big so make sure you come hungry. I also had the pleasure of watching live jazz music in the back area, I think it was about $10. Be very patient while ordering in this area of the restaurant, it seemed a much longer wait than in the front of the restaurant. The live entertainment made the wait much more enjoyable. The musicians were amazing, I even bought the singer's CD. This is a great restaurant to come after work, for a date, or even a girls or boys night out.After returning from a trip to Atlanta, maybe there was something in the water, but the next thing we did was go to South to eat more southern food because yum. So we planed a Friday night out with friends and hauled ourselves up to North Broad Street. South sits where the former Route 6 used to be, just around the corner from Alla Spina. If you're not familiar with the area, it's not as far-flung as it may seem.
I started out my night with the Kentucky Butler, which was just about perfect, before moving on to wine, where the list was not long but sufficient. As usual, we took a good tour of the menu and had so many things, I quite frankly forgot some of what we tried, so I'll point you towards our highlights. 
For our appetizers,  most notably we tried the pimento cheese so that we could get a taste of the much-touted house pickles which left us wishing for more pickle. Can you just order pickled vegetables? You put the beautiful jars all around the dining room - PLEASE make this a thing. :) Top entrees were my Carolina shrimp and grits (smooth, creamy, perfect) and the Berkshire pork that leaves you with a giant hunk of bone to gnaw on. Our favorite side was definitely the creamed collards (although that also comes with the pork, I can assure you that you can never have too much greens.)
Any pictures of South do not deceive - the atmosphere was so lovely. The service was thorough but at the same time relaxed and so kind. Our server took time to really explain the menu and answered all of our questions with great humor. I really can't say enough about our "experience" at South. 
From the restaurant, you can see through a glass wall into the area for the live music - hopefully we can make this a part of our next trip to South.Doesn't respond to emails, phone calls, messages. I was trying to make arrangements for a large party and couldn't get ahold of anyone here. I hope the experience of being at the restaurant is better than trying to get in.Iiiiiiincredible!!! Sat in the jazz room and listened to amazing live music. Cornbread, died for that... jambalaya was perfectly seasoned. Rainbow trout was so delicious. Loved the anchovy on to of the Caesar salad! Shrimp rocks were a perfect app. Drinks were strong and added to the whole southern jazzy vibe. Definitely coming back!So I'm really torn in how to write this review. I'm conscious of my expectations, as I had been looking forward to my experience here all week. I think the food had great concepts, but execution was lacking. My meal consisted of the crawfish stuffed flounder, collards as a side, and the bourbon pecan pie - none of which left me wanting seconds. I did have a really good sidecar as a drink, and the live jazz was "off the chain!" The ambiance is wonderful, and I do think as the establishment matures, the food will get better. Customer service here is unmatched in my 9 months of being a Philly resident. There is true potential here, and I'm looming forward to seeing it blossom.What a fun menu.  Great and unique.  The service was outstanding. They were very attentive, but not obtrusive. The cocktails were well crafted.  Tuesday night open mic Jazz was a great finish to a wonderful evening.This place is awesome! The decor is super cute, the food is creative and insanely delicious and the drinks are interesting and very good. Our waitress was competent and friendly but a bit off, she was not really able to describe how the jazz seats worked, and she took the signed check off the table before we left which is a rookie move, and made us feel a bit rushed. But even with that it was an exceptional experience and we will most definitely be back!This place was great! The musicians are so incredible. The place is small so make sure you buy tickets in advance. We bought tickets for the jazz section and they serve dinner while you listen to them play. I wasn't too impressed with the food but other wise it was a great spot. I highly recommend going if you get the chance!What a great addition to the neighborhood! When a group of Yelp friends recommended scheduling a date to go, I was immediately in. Then when they were aiming for a month later, I decided I wasn't waiting for that and went the next day! My husband and I have been back several times for happy hour. $2 off their cocktails, $5 glass of wine and half off their crawfish fritters, mushroom flatbread and boudin croquettes. I love the fritters and croquettes, and more recently ordered their grits. OMG on the grits. Ree-diculous. Great cocktails food, and ambiance. I just love the atmosphere. Can't wait to visit for dinner and when they eventually offer brunch!This place was beautiful. Right off of Broad Street, parking was a bit much since they don't have a designated parking Area. 
Once you come in your greeted by a beautiful space with off -white Rustic decor. 
We came on a Friday Night for the 9:30 Jazz show. Our reservations were for 9, we arrived at 8:50 and weren't seated until 9:30. 
As soon as we sat down our server was pouring our water, and cane back shortly after to take our Orders (and brought some amazing cheese bread to the table).  We also had a few questions for our waiter, and he was very well versed in the entire menu.
We ordered a flame Grilled Burger & Fries, Hush Puppies and Seafood Gumbo.
While we waited for our food, we listened to the smoothest live jazz band. It was a perfect night, the staff was amazing and the atmosphere was electric. 
Once the food arrived it was amazing. I don't believe we waited longer then 10 mins for our food. Everything was great. You get a healthy portion or the seafood gumbo, it was enough to share as an appetizer or have it for a main meal like I did. The hush puppies were good, perfectly cooked and the sauce that came with them was perfect.
The staff at South is very proactive with making sure you had everything you need before asking.
The 1 negative I will say is we expected some type of extra fee for sitting in the jazz area, we didn't know it was $10 per person. I think that should be mentioned while you make a reservation.My friend and I purchased tickets on Groupon for a live show here.  The music was great!  Our server left a little to be desired.  While he was nice, he talked me out of ordering an entire order of raw oysters,  The music parlor is set off from the rest of the restaurant and it truly feels like a NOLA experience.  The only other place that even comes close is Time.  However, you can park on the street for free here.Went to this restaurant a few weekends ago to have dinner with friends and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Great food and atmosphere and we really liked the live music.  Can't wait to return!We ate here on a Saturday night and it wasn't super busy but it might have been because it was Memorial Day weekend. We ordered the cornbread which comes with cream cheese honey butter. The cornbread isn't anything amazing, but the honey butter makes it taste fantastic, I wish I would've asked for more. For myself I ordered the fried chicken which came with one wing, a leg, and two thighs. It was crunchy and delicious, the hot honey drizzle I asked to be put on the side which I recommend if you are unsure if you like spicy honey. For sides the chicken came with delicious mashed potatoes and broccoli. If I came where again I would just get two mashed potatoes instead of the broccoli. My boyfriend ordered the beef short rib which came with creamed collared greens and potatoes. The beef was good but it could've been more juicy. I personally didn't like the creamed collards, but I'm biased because I grew up eating them differently so maybe others would like it. For dessert we had the chocolate mousse which is a very rich chocolate cake. It was delicious but if you don't like very rich foods then maybe skip it. Lastly we ordered a blackberry mule and while it was tasty, it didn't taste anything like alcohol and I'm not sure there was any alcohol in it.Shrimp and grits. Sushituna. Sorbets. And French press coffee. And Gerald Veasely. What could be better.
Then we came for restaurant week for gumbo, more shrimp and grits, and chocolate pecan pie.Shrimp and grits. Sushituna. Sorbets. And French press coffee. And Gerald Veasely. What could be better.We sat in the Jazz lounge and arrived about 45 minutes before the music started. Service to order drinks was slow and then the drinks took a long time to come out. We ordered crispy rock shrimp and the side of grits to start, which were fine but the grits were very salty. I ordered the Berkshire pork as my main, but the red sauce they smothered it in rendered it completely inedible. The only thing missing from my plate when the waiter cleared the table was the collard greens, but no one questioned it. We also had the sirloin steak, which was better. Overall, it was a very expensive meal that was not satisfying and the service lacked. The atmosphere was nice, though.From the moment you walk in the door you know this place was the right pick.  The customer service is OUTSTANDING. I was impressed entirely.  It's super adorable inside, cozy and all...a great date spot. Like really! 
The creamed collards are delicious as well as the sweet potato bisque.  Just the perfect place !I really enjoyed my visit to this restaurant.  It's classy yet comfy.   The food is fantastic and the live band was awesome.   The staff are friendly,  courteous and attentive.   There was a charge of $7 for the band that was playing.   I think it was $7 per person on top of the bill for the meal.  We didn't make reservations and we were told to be there at 7:30pm to hear the 8pm live session.   We didn't get there in time but some people left as the jazz session started so we were able to get in.   We ordred the crawfish appetizers which was small in portion but delicious.   Then I had the pork while my husband had the steak.   Both meals were delicious.  The drinks we had were non alcoholic and shared a cup of tea.   Our bill was about $85 for both of us.   It was a bit pricey but the overall experience compensated for it.   
We're definitely coming back here.I went here for the first time during "restaurant week" arrived extra early and the staff were very accommodating...I sat outdoors at the lovely garden and waited for my party and once we were seated ..the service, the food were delicious! enjoyed the crab appetizers and the salmon was very moist!!! The managers were on the floor interacting and engaging with customers ..it was awesome!! Definitely worth the tripI've been to South for both dinner and a jazz show and both were truly an excellent experience. The food is delicious! Honestly, it's some of the best soul food I've ever had. All the servers are really friendly and helpful and the atmosphere is beautiful. I'll definitely be taking all my friends and family here when they come visit. What a gem!Great place for a romantic dinner of two or small group. We sat on the dining room side, but could here the Jazz show going on in the adjacent room. You do have to pay a cover to hear the Jazz performances (I believe $10), and we chose not to, however I will be going back to try. 
After the complimentary bread which was deliciously soft and crumbly, we started with the Croquets before enjoying our Carolina Shrimp & Grits & Sirloin Strip Steak.. The steak was cooked to order, Medium and the Shrimp was seasoned well...The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is before for the price we paid, I expected a bit more flavor on all three options.. Still a very nice place with great service.Went here for the first time last night with a couple of girlfriends! I was the first to arrive so I sat at the bar and ordered Sangria. It wasnt the sweetest sangria but it was delicious none the less. Once the girls got there, we were greeted by our waitress Jessica! Super sweet! The cornbread was AMAZING! I ordered the Gulf Catfish and loved it!! Great ambiance! Would definitely go back!Such a cute place to relax and chill! Liam our server was awesome and friendly and attentive! Recommended and reasonably priced. Happy hour is awesome!!Amazing! Great food, drink, music. Definitely recommend this place! Tight on space but well worth it.Attractive place, and the music was great, good vibe... but I guess I ordered the wrong thing - chose the Stuffed Flounder - totally missed the word 'hollandaise' in the description, which I assume was there but never really noticed.  The first thing I noticed was how tiny it was, presented on a fairly large plate with a smattering of marble-sized potatoes.  The potatoes were ok, but way too salty for me.  The fish was literally smothered in the hollandaise, which might be great if you're a fan - for me it looked and smelled repulsive.  Sadly there was so much of it that it had drenched the outside as well as the inside of the 'stuffing', all of which just tasted like sour curdled dairy - again, if you like the sauce great... but maybe just ask for a bowl of it and skip the fish altogether.  I had hoped that the waiter might inquire about the entire entree not being touched, but that didn't happen...  it was finally removed as it had arrived, a thin lump of something glazed by a viscous sour coating.  I finally made it home in time to throw together a ham sandwich.I didn't think love like this was possible. South exceeded my expectations and has me pining for more after one visit.
The service is impeccable and Miles is the man (so request him if possible!) The food is a modern take on some Southern classics, but minus the heaviness that traditional Southern cuisine sometimes has. The Pimento Cheese is super tasty and I kinda wish that it would come with crackers instead of bread so I could eat more of it! The Berkshire Pork was succulent, almost melt-in-your-mouth and my husband raved about the collard greens. 
We stayed for the jazz performance, which is held in a quaint, spacious area of the restaurant. I probably could have listened to the sweet, soothing music all night in that space. Philly needs more spots like South. Great ambiance, performance and service. I am already planning our return visit!I wanted to enjoy this place so much since I have been to Relish and Warm Daddy's and enjoyed both. I've been to SOUTH one other time for a small birthday celebration and enjoyed it but this time was disappointing. I was hosting a group happy hour and started trying to contact them a month in advance. I sent an email on the website. I called and left several messages with the morning host. I got the email address of the reservations manager (Ms. Sarnoor) and messaged her directly. I never got a response. On the day of I came early and spoke to the manager. She acknowledged that she had received my messages but stated she had been busy (for a whole month) and never got back to me. She said that after the tables seated in the lounge got up, we could have them and that we would be "well taken care of"  This never happened. A table got up and two women who came in after I did were seated. I spoke to the host who told me that Ms. Sarnoor had never talked to her about giving us the next lounge tables.the chicken skodWhen we finally were seated the service was awful. We had a young lady with red hair who kept forgetting our food  orders and confusing our drink orders. My group requested that next time we go back to the last venue or to somewhere new because the service was honestly terrible. I would try the main dining room with a dinner reservation but will never again hold an event there. 
Update: changing this review to 4 stars as a result of a fantastic brunch I had here today. I still had issues reaching the manager. When my party of 10 changed to 15 3 days before the reservation date I was told that a managers approval was needed to modify the reservation but I never received the promised call back. Brunch was amazing though. We had great food and service and the bar drinks were fabulous. I recommend the grits, pickled Bloody Mary and their signature Long Island iced teaSouth Jazz Parlor is where you can get glamour southern food, mixed with irresistible crafted drinks -- we only tried the mocktails since I'll be driving back home to NJ that night -- such as the delicious hibiscus and lavender drinks, and tune in to your favorite jazz artist live. We were there to watch the superbly talented and charming Keiko Matsui performed her magic, and not only we left with an unforgettable music in our dreams, the close ambience and the participatory crowd made the evening so special.
Door opens at 6pm and they will take your name while you wait, and the server would then politely and patiently lead each party in order into their seating arrangement of choice. The room only holds about 70 ticket holders, so it's worth being there at 6pm sharp (or earlier) if you really want to sit up close and personal to your musicians.
I'm very pleased with the intimate atmosphere this jazz club delivers. To me, South offers a much memorable setting of the performances than other larger and more renowned jazz clubs, such as BB King's in NYC.
Different nights, different crowds, of course, but when we were watching this performance, folks politely enjoyed their drinks and food while listening and clapping and -- except for the very end, observed the quiet rule and were not too noisy at all. Keiko even mentioned that this is the first time she has the crowd finished clapping the rhythm to a favorite song that she had played in her worldwide tour (yeah, I'm part of the guilty party clapping all the way!).... Gerald Veasley, the marvelously talented base wizard (with his "unscripted" jazz series based at this joint) and friends delivered a perfectly symbiotic response to Keiko's music. We didn't try much of the food since we arrived after dinner, but there's always another time! P.S. Our server still brought us some tasty benne pocket bread to nibble on, on the house. Yes, I'm hooked.Great place for jazz and food. Had the stuffed flounder, gumbo and deviled eggs. The vibe is amazing with love music. I will come back.I came here a few weeks ago with a lot of anticipation after seeing stellar reviews on the food and knowing jazz performers regularly come here to showcase their work (I love jazz music!). I was also curious to see how the space transformed since Stephen Starr's Route 6 had left the location. 
I came in on one of the nights Alexis Cole (jazz vocalist) was performing. She and her group put on a great show. It was lovely to see them perform while sipping some coffee with dessert. The room adjacent to the main dining room was turned into a dining area with a stage. Although I had dinner at the bar before the show, it seems you can also dine in the room with the jazz performance space. 
For dinner, we started off with some blue crab toast and half a dozen oysters. The crab toast looked pretty, but I felt like it was missing texture and flavor. The oysters were fresh and delicious, pre-marinated with vinegar and some toppings I don't recall. For our main courses, we had the Berkshire Pork and Crispy Georgia Trout. I felt the trout dish was better-executed than the pork dish. The trout was crispy on the outside while nice and flakey on the inside, with a nice combination of flavors. The pork was good, but a bit on the dry side, while the decorative spoonbread (kind of like cornbread) was very dry and the collards were too salty. The desserts also came out a bit short of expectations. My slice of Bourbon Pecan Pie had a broken crust, and I did not taste a hint of bourbon. The banana bread pudding was a bit too sweet, but it was overall better than the pecan pie and went very well with coffee. 
The bar service we got was good. I liked the Sunday Afternoon Tea (cocktail) better than the Georgia Peach Julep. It was a bit confusing when I came in, because the hostess said she would put my name down on the waitlist for a table, but we ended up having our entire meal at the bar while wondering when we'd get called for our table. I'd suggest reserving a table for dinner or calling in. Overall, you can definitely have a unique dinner + jazz experience at South. It's not cheap, but I think it's worth it to try at least once.Went there Mother 's day. Loved the ambience, live jazz music in the background, but server was inattentive. Food looked nice but servings were skimpy. We paid for our water smh. Will give them a second chance though.The positives: convivial ambience, plenty of hum but not too noisy, appealing space that really evoked relaxed southern elegance. Decent cocktail (the Collins) and dessert (peach cobbler).
The negatives: service was very patchy (at best), we were 20-25 mins late being seated at our table (babysitter clock ticking) and took a long wait to get a drink. Our server took a while to show up once we were seated. Water wasn't refreshed frequently enough, if at all. Food was ok, but didn't live up to the fairly steep check at the end. Patchy service and rather average, yet expensive food disappointed, which was a shame.
If we returned, I think we'd just come for drinks and the jazz.