Great space and very nice selection of beer. Food could be tweaked and stepped up a notch away from just frozen fryer food. And bartenders could be more friendly nothing worse then a mean bartender that'll really kill a business fast. 
The owner should make some flyers and have some events to liven this place up! Definatly all the tools to be a great success! And tell the staff to say cheese!Checked this place out for the Flyers big comeback win over the Bruins last night.  (Which was freaking amazing.)  The place would have gotten 3-4 stars as a place to watch sports.  As you walk in there are 4 flatscreen HDTVs on both the right and left sides plus a big projector on the back wall.  The people are there to WATCH the game, were into it, so it had a good feeling .  The sound is on for the game and the call is being played, albeit a bit too quietly...  Also, they did give out some free Flyers shirts and beer hats which was pretty fun.  Though, I'll agree, that horn is pretty over-the-top, loud and annoying.
Also, not the worst tap selection I've seen at a sports bar.  Aside from the regular domestics they did have Sam Adams lager, Sam Adams summer, Dogfish Head 90 min. (!) and Allagash White.  There was a $3 Friday special which included $3 domestics and some other things.
However, that's where the good ceased.  Unfortunately I didn't try the much praised guava wings.  I felt they were a bit expensive, something like $9 or $10 for 10 wings.  Am I the only one that thinks a buck per wing is expensive?  I had the tried and true cheeseburger and my girlfriend got a veggie wrap.  (Not to many vege options.)  My burger was OK.  Not too flavorful, nothing special.  My girlfriend hated her wrap.  It had white rice in it, which is a bit weird.  She said it was bland and pretty gross.  Definitely not the place to go for vegetarian fare.  As everyone else said, the fries were good.
Unfortunately too, for a relatively busy game night the service was substandard.  There were one or two bartenders working their asses off, and we had to praise them, because as they were mixing drinks as fast as they could 1 or 2 other waiters/servers were drinking their own drinks behind the bar.  Because of this, even though our tender was working hard, it slowed all of the service down.  It was a bit of a mess.  Managers had to step in to get drinks.  The table service was non-existent (I think there was 1 server for all the tables) so people were repeatedly getting frustrated and coming directly to the bar to order drinks and food.  The manager said they had some call outs, but that could have just been an excuse for having hired some bad bartenders.
I would consider going back for a game, just because of the things listed at the top.  BUT, otherwise, not nearly the best bar in South Philly.Quick stop for a beer on a somewhat quiet Saturday afternoon but good service and seems like a cool sports bar on the corner right near Geno's and Pat's. Clean and reasonably priced. Would stop in again when in the neighborhood.By far the best in Pilly!! Skip Pats & Geno's!! Best service, atmosphere & food. The owner was very friendly, we sat at this place for a few hours and enjoyed every second.This bar & grill gets an automatic 5 stars because they were cool enough to put the Nebraska Cornhusker's football game on the big screen for us.  Nice!
Myself and a bunch of my fellow Nebraskans were in Philly for the holiday, and we were trying to find a Husker bar somewhere in town.  Finding no joy, my buddy (who lives in South Philly) decided to check around the corner.  Lo and behold, the bar was awesome and volunteered their big screen to host the game.
Folks, that right there is great customer service.  They didn't know us from Adam, but they knew how important it was to enjoy a game with friends.
As far as the restaurant goes, it actually garners high reviews on its own.  For a sports bar, they have a bunch of TVs showing games, and they are sure to have the local favorites playing with audio.  The food is good, and the beer is cold.
I had the Ken's Angus Cheese Steak, and it buried the two cheese steak joints outside.
I highly recommend this place!While my friends and I were in Philly for a cheesesteak, we decided to stop by this place in the middle of the afternoon for a drink or two.  There weren't many people in the bar, which wasn't surprising since it was early.  The bartender was very nice and the bunch of us chatted with her for a while until we decided to leave.  For the brief time we were here it was OK, hence only the three stars.  If we decide to stop by again sometime and really obtain an experience from the place, I'll update.  Until then...Not sure why so many people have given thus place a high rating. From the outside, it looks like a grungy sports bar. From the inside, it is a grungy sports bar. There are a million TVs tuned to different stations, enough to send you into seizures if you look up too often. 
They have signs everywhere mandating a minimum purchase to use the bathroom. Granted, we did come here just to use the bathroom (see my Pat's review) but we're classy enough that we would order a drink anyway. I resent being forced to follow basic etiquette, and those signs tell me something about the caliber of their patrons. Ditto the scary-looking bouncer. Not exactly an inviting atmosphere. 
We sat at the bar, where there was a surprisingly decent microbrew selection. Service was so-so: the bartender was more interested in socializing with the group at the other end than in paying attention to us. 
I'm giving two stars only because no one was outright rude and the beer was cold and complex. We didn't try their food, but we also didn't see a reason to.The best place ever bartender was the funniest ever made awesome drinks and the service was phenomenal. This was me and my wife's first time in philly. We had the best time ever because of this place!!!!!!! Thank you soooooooo muchLike Vinny P, if it wasn't for the Yelp! Bar Crawl, I would have never realized this place existed.  On that note, while I had a great time, my world would not be shattered had I not discovered South Philly Bar & Grill.
I recommend stopping by during a game, as they have a ton of TVs.  The staff was also flexible with our group, friendly, and engaging.  We grabbed a pizza and quesadilla and I was satisfied.  The drafts available were solid as well.  Oh, and if the weather is nice outdoor seating is available.First I'd like to say that the food was AWESOME. A friend of mine and i went in today around 3 and the place was empty, the food came out very quickly and was very satisfying. We both got Carolina pulled pork sandwiches. The place looks like it would be a lot of fun on the weekends and has a nice outdoor patio area for alfresco dining and I guess the smoking crowd. The only down part of this place was the service, there were two girls there who seemed less than enthusiastic to see us. I guess that happens. Either way, I totally look forward to going back and trying their Carolina glazed rib appetizer with cornbread.Great atmosphere friendly staff food is excellent I suggest the Italian Sausage sandwich it is great. A good variety of beers on tap at good prices they also have nightly specialsForget about Geno's or Pat's and come to this place directly in the middle of the two. The cheesesteaks were just about perfect. The bread was nice and soft and complimented the meat well. Both the chicken and beef on the sandwiches were tender and seasoned well. The price ($9) for a cheesesteak is the same as Geno's or Pat's however it comes with your choice of  waffle or fresh cut fries. The lettuce, tomatoes, and friend onions come with it as well. They charge you an additional $1.50 for sautéed mushrooms but its worth it, and you put the additional condiments on yourself. Not a 5-star for me because the service wasn't that great. We went on a Sunday mid-afternoon and there was basically no one in there, we sat outside and the bartender was our waitress. Because she had to come back and forth from serving the the bar and us there were times we were waiting for a drink refill an for our check at the end. Overall, it was a great meal and I definitely choose this cheesesteak over Geno's or Pat's!04/17/2011 - cross street from Pat's and Gino's Philly Steaks.  came for the cheese steaks then drank and watched the game on tv.Our group of 4 stopped in for a couple drinks Mid-day and had a great experience with Mariel. She was very hospitable and knowledgeable about bourbon which I love. She took care of us to the highest degree. My friends loved the margaritas, and I thoroughly enjoyed the neat pours of bourbon and rye they had on deck at extremely reasonable prices. I would recommend coming here for a few libations and or a cheesesteak that is a very very good deal.Amazing cheese steak with beer for same price of just the sandwich next door and WAAAYYY higher quality.  Sit outside and watch the tourists eat garbage from the places nextdoor.This is an incredible place to watch the game.  I had a great time watching Phillies and Eagles playoff games here.  There is really a TV is plain view no matter where you sit.  The place gets full, everyone is into it and has fun.
They even have an outdoor patio open for seating and smoking that has a big TV with the sound on.  And the sound plays in the bathrooms, too, so you really will never miss a play.
Beer selection is fine for a sports bar; Lager is $2 during iggles games and $3 regularly.  They have Dog Fish Head 90 minute on tap along with Kenzinger and some others.
But the food sucks. Like seriously, I stare at the menu every time I'm here and there is nothing I want to get.  The wings are bad--they're breaded so they get soggy and nasty.  The fries are cheap waffle fries that are not very good.  The nachos are a pathetic mix of yellow "nacho cheese" and diced Cisco tomatoes.  The chili is ok, actually, although the cornbread they serve it with is pretty weak.  I have not had the courage to try their seafood or steak specials.
In any case I continue to come here for sporting events because it's so fun.  They'll plate a Pat's or Geno's cheesesteak for $2.50; I've never done it but that may be your best bet.  Or the free buffet during Eagles games, you can't really do any better than free.
As a side note, they played the presidential debates here with the sound on.  I was impressed by that.Came here on Saturday night for a change of pace. I've been here two other times and it's been just okay. I never expected much, but the service on Saturday was HORRIBLE. It wasn't busy, but the bartender refused to even look my direction to order a drink. I waited for a good ten minutes and it took a customer to ask the bartender to wait on me and some friends. Unless you're a 50 year old regular here or in the Mafia, good luck getting any service. There are too many other bars in this city to waste anytime at this place.We stopped here before a Philly game and the place was pretty decent. I was a little skeptical at first when the hostess didn't want to put us at a table of our choice (it wasn't very busy - and I didn't want to sit at a high cocktail table), she said they were saving that area for the people who wanted to watch the game. Mind you it was 6pm, and the game didn't start until 8 - AND it was completely empty!! So I told her...we are heading to the ACTUAL  game so we will not be here long....then she allowed us to sit at the table.
The food was yummy. I had a philly cheesesteak, it was gooey, drippy, and just plain good! 
Overall - cool experience!Again, I have to give a shout out to the South Philly Bar and Grill..Had a great time watching that Dallas/Philly game last night...Definitely the new spot to plant yourself with friends on a Sunday afternoon for games as well..The place is a sports bar and makes the effort with great giveaways, drink specials, food specials.  ESPN Radio was their last night with giveaways etc.. 
The food is amazing, almost always has a free buffett set up during halftimes with sausage and pepper sandwiches, GREAT honey dipped wings, and chicken cheese poppers..and the pizza is not bad either...Again the regular menu is not to be missed..
11 TV's with a real E-A G-L-E-S - EAGLES!!!  atmosphere (even the pre recorded "Fly eagles  Fly fight song..." ( this steelers fan is rolling his eyes everytime) Even outdoor seating with a TV facing out a window for all those dining and hanging outside..The place is a lotta fun.  Also great for if you want to watch tourists try to order their first steaks at Geno's and Pats from a distance...you're right there..Me and my friend decided to go here to have drink before get cheese steak from ginos was greeted by mark the bartender soon as came in  he was very friendly me and my friend had the beer and shot deal we chilled out for a bit before we had the shot then mark ask us if want our shot chill I was like Huh but he explain that how he does his shots so I gave it a go and man I will be doing that from now on .....best idea ever cheers  markI got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak when I came here with waffle fries. It was really good. The waffle fries were cooked perfectly and had really good seasoning on them. The service was kind of slow, which was annoying because the restaurant was empty. Overall, the food was good and the service was slow.Bad service. Waitress smoked a cigarette right next to my table when I was eating outside. You have to be "one of them," to get served. They do t even look at you at the bar. Typical rude local Philly-service. There are many better bars in the area. 
The food is mediocre bar fair, but they fill you up. 
Perfect for domestic beers if you're into that.Not bad. It was very slow, even though this bar is right between Pat's and Gino's. I guess they make good cheesesteaks because there were a few people outside on the small patio eating cheesesteaks from here. The bartender was ok. We didn't have any food so I can't rate it. But the restroom was functional and that's all I will say about it. Good luck finding a parking spot.It's weird that I'm giving a sports bar 4 stars since I'm seemingly pretty stingy with my ratings. I really mean 3.5 though (You would think the Yelp guys would have taken a hint and given us half star options by now). 
SPBG is a typical sports bar, but a little more so. The food is better than a typical sports bar, the place isn't too big, but there is an abundance of tv's, and the crowd is neither hipster nor uncomfortably too full of regulars. I've been here twice during the World Series, and each time there was just the right amount of people there to make it an exciting game, but not an insanely overcrowded experience. Now I know that's not really controlled by the establishment, but it added to my good experience. 
The grilled bbq guava wings, recommended by our waitress, are awesome. The service was very attentive and I like the siren that goes off for every good play in our favor. It's a nice alternative Chickie and Pete's, especially since they charge for admission during big games. Plus, this place will seat you while you're waiting on the rest of your party. 
I will be back to watch the Eagles.Pretty solid place.  We actually had a livingsocial.com certificate here and there was bit of a hiccup with it- we ordered two beers and when I got the check the server stated since the beers were on sale she couldn't add it.  Since I had told her about the certificate before we ordered anything I asked why she did not tell us and her answer was "I didn't know".  Obiouvsly I need to talk to the manager since that is not an acceptable answer.  The manager was beyond amazing about the situation- very friendly, and professional!!  He really made the visit for us.
Cheesesteak flights comes with a small bowl of fries- good to know since I ordered extra because it is not mentioned on the menu and the server didn't tell us of course.  Flights were good b ut I had no clue what I was eating- SPBG you should have the servers tell us what they are OR put little flags so we know what the heck we are eating.
Waffles fries were great- Old Bay couldn't taste it, cheese was not Whiz but maybe a step down.  Guava BQQ wings- AMAZING!  Definitely get them grilled.
Overall, great place with a notch above average considering the wings.  With the really awesome specials I more than likely might be back.I've been going to 9th St. for years to get cheesesteaks. The big argument down there is Pat's or Geno's. Personall, I've always preferred Geno's over Pat's, but I've been known to switch it up every so often. A friend of mine recently told me that South Philly Bar & Grill has a cheesesteak flight that I should try, so next time I was down in the area I stopped in. Once I got past their rather interesting beer selection (settling for old faithful- an ice cold yeungling), i ordered this flight of cheesesteaks. I didn't really expect what was put before me. This thing comes with four, yes four different six inch cheesesteaks that have literally changed the way I look at "Cheesesteak Row." And the whole thing was 12 bucks. that's 24" of cheesesteak, with such amenities as Gorgonzola, Gouda, roasted garlic (did you hear me? I said roasted garlic- and gouda- on a frickin cheesesteak. I love it, and I love this place. I can't wait to get down there again to have another one. That entire block is really becoming a food destination worthy of such a great city. Thanks for the cheesesteaks, guys, and I can't wait to watch some Phillies playoffs while eating those cheesesteaks.I have no idea why anyone would go to Pat's or Geno's with this place right smack in the middle.
Hubby and I stopped in here last week walking back from Second Saturday in East Passyunk. We wanted to catch the first period of the Flyers game before heading to the Italian Market for some food shopping.
We were greeted promptly at the bar by a very friendly bartender. We inquired about what craft selections they had on tap, of which she was very knowledgeable. The beer selection there is pretty good. 
We also wanted a snack, so we decided to split the "cheesesteak flight". Basically, it was a selection of 4 small cheesesteaks with different cheeses- gorgonzola, habanero jack, roasted garlic cheese and smoked gouda. We really enjoyed all of them very much. I had never had anything like that before and would definitely go back for it.
The service from our bartender was very attentive but not overbearing. She put the game on for us as soon as we asked, and the checkout process was smooth and easy. We will definitely be back and have told friends about it as well.Great place to watch a game - tvs mounted high in the wall and a good sound system (the siren that goes off with every score is a bit much but would probably have been more tolerable if the place had been packed). Order two beers at a time though, because the little dark haired bartender appears to be the only one who works in this place. Had a table of ten and didn't see our waitress for the entire second half of the eagles game, so we started ordering directly from the bar. The halftime buffet for the game was a bonus.The line for Geno's and Pat's were too long and since we were on a time crunch, we came in here. We were the only patrons in the restaurant! Got the steak and cheese. It was edible, but that's about it.This is a whole lot of douchebags packed into one place. Probably one of the worst bars I've ever been to, especially in South Philly.I wish I could give this shithole a lower rating.  On Friday night (7/31/15)for the second time I was attacked by one of their patrons, same guy as the first time.  I didn't even go inside as I refuse to patronize this place since I was assaulted there several years ago and they did nothing about the fat slob that did it.  This time, I walked by on my way home from a good bar (Ray's up the street) and saw a friend sitting outside.  I say hello to her and all of the sudden this fat, bald, extremely drunk subhuman comes charging out from inside and attempted to attack me.  He was so drunk that he fell.  Then the staff held him back, asked me to leave, and took him back inside and gave him another drink. All of this happened well after 2 AM (any LCB agents out there).  As I said this isn't the first time I've had trouble there, so apparently this is considered acceptable behavior there. My advice to readers is to avoid this dump like the plague.  If there are any city or state licensing authorities reading, shut this hell hole down before their animal patrons and criminally negligent staff actually hurt somebody.
p.s.- it's already happened: http://www.bizjournals.com/philadelphia/news/2013/01/24/attacker-and-bar-that-served-him-sued.htmlService was friendly and the South Philly Hurricane drink I had was amazing!South Philly Bar and Grill is amazing! I took the sandwich challenge and failed miserably, but the sandwich is really good!!! I had Mariel as a server and she was awesome!!!  Definitely recommend Mariel and the South Philly Bar and Grill!Can get touristy pretty quick considering its proximity to Pat's and Geno's but considering I live close too convenience is all.  They have lots of tv's, pleasant staff, decent enough beer selection, and they sell cigars at the front counter.  I usually bring suburban dwellers here when they visit because the commercial sports bar layout is comforting to them versus my usual dive bar habitation.  Overall this place is simple with nice outdoor seating and always a easy place to watch the game, any game.Ordered a Bloody Mary and it was 10 bucks. Very spicy and heavy on the Worcestershire sauce or something. I like my bloodies spicy too.  No pickled veggies. Good service tho and large space with games. Right in the middle of pats and genosJust another sports bar.  With, of course, Flyers and Phillie's shit all over the walls.
Friendly staff, but nothing that hasn't been done before, over and over... Not that I meant that our stop in here was bad... It just wasn't very impressive, and I don't feel like I'll be missing anything if I never end up in this bar again.One of the worst bars in the area.  Lacking any sort of identity or charm.Mariel was our bartender and she was so cool, and so helpful! She made me an AWESOME drink that she invented. The place is cosy, relaxed, affordable and plays GREAT music - but most importantly, the bar staff are old skool cool. I love it!!! I wish all bartenders were like Mariel... take it from an old bartender, she's awesome.Geno's and Pat's lines went to next week, so my boyfriend and I cold and hungry saw this bar and thought why not walk in. The waitresses were kind and extremely helpful. We both ordered philly cheese steaks and they were incredible. The mixture of the bread being perfectly soft and not to thick. The steak was cooked excellently and the cheese wiz on top was great. The dish came with home made potato chips which were a mix of crispy and not too crunchy. 
It was a great place to just have a beer and enjoy a nice meal. The atmosphere overall was awesome.Adore this place!  I come here for the Cheesesteak,fries and some Jack.  It is without a doubt my favorite.  I make a trip out of the way to come here when I am in town.Food was great, second time we have eaten here. Bartender left a lot to be desired. In attentive, poured our refills into our already used glasses, and took 15 minutes to get our tab. Oh just realized she didn't honor the special of the day. I will probably come back, but turn around if she is behind bar.I stopped in here on a Sunday to catch the Giants game and it was a fairly pleasant experience.
If you're into sports, this is a place that you want to be.  There are televisions everywhere and typically specials during Philadelphia sports games.  If you're watching an out of market game, the staff will put it on one of the televisions for you.  I believe they have both Comcast and DirectTV so you can catch everything.
The beer selection is not huge but it works for a sports themed bar.  Prices seem to be in-line with what you'd expect.  I can't speak to the food.
One positive point which I got to witness while I was there.  They will not serve a visibly intoxicated person.  I think this is a classy move and makes me feel good about going back to this bar.  It seems like their staff is trained to keep out any potential trouble.If you want a good authentic philly cheese steak and don't wish to be disappointed by other places across the street, hint they were both on food network, then go here grab a beer and dig in get your sandwich with american cheese and onions.Hard to rate this place yet.  just stopped in for a couple beers during a phillies game.  to our delight Yuenglings are 2.75 during phillies games.    after a glimpse of the cheese steak going by and noticing a sign saying 1.00 Yuenglings on Tues we will be headed back for Flyer's game on Tues.   Based on the looks of that cheese steak and previous reviews of cheese steak i hope to upgrade this review to a 5.   Not a fan of Pat's or Geno's.   Will eat but this one looks better.One more place where i go for Free poker tournament on Thursday nights! The wings are just AMAZING! I tried the bbq wings and the plains wings and both were just so good. I also tried one of their dessert for a poker friend's birthday and the chocolate lava cake with ice cream was just delicious! They have good drinks special and the place seems like a good place to watch games as they have plenty of tvs.This place is nicely located across from Pat's King of Steaks. It has a nice, relaxed atmosphere. They have a good selection of tap beers. And they play a ton of 90's dance/pop, which is kind of funny. I went there on a Saturday afternoon with a few friends and it was very chill with only a few other people there. All-in-all, a fine place to duck in for a drink or two.i am torn. would i normally hang out at this spot? no. this is not my scene. but mark riggs bartends on saturday nights and he's a bag of fun. i went twice. ran into lots of friends also there to see riggs. there was bad karoke(sp) sorry. chubby chicks in tight clothes. drunken hook ups. bad south philly accents. great people watching. i would imagine this is a great place to watch a game, or pick up a one night stand. thank you riggs for opening me up to another world. ill see you soon. hold my stool.i don't wanna sound like i'm bashing....because i WILL go back here. first, their wings are really good. they call them naked but i don't understand why. they were light on the sauce, but not without. they def needed an extra side of sauce. second, for a bar in south philly to use anything other than a sarcones roll.....ummmm need i say more. my hoagie wasn't the same. thirdly, the eagles halftime buffet they offer is junk! . i really enjoyed watching the bartender flag everyone from pats/genos who tried to use the bathroom and watching as they tapped mac and were forced to make a purchase. big screen tvs everywhere so there isn't really a bad seat in the house.Good for watching football but that's about it. Food is awful and for the Eagles/Saints wildcard game they didn't have any servers despite a huge crowd. Drinks are overpriced and the bartenders were unfriendly.My co-worker and I travel all over the US and Canada for work. We happened upon this place after learning Geno's only takes cash. Their Philly cheesesteaks are amazing as well as the French onion soup but that's nothing for what I'm about to tell you next! If you're ever in Philly you have to go here to see who we have deemed as "The World's Best Bartender".. Dom is the freakin' best!!!! You will have a helluva good time with him and he makes the most amazing shots! Dom was the reason we went back everyday until we left Philly!! Hands down.... best bartender ever!!!!! We love us some Dom!!!Service was horrible!! My wife and her friend order the full meal and drinks from this place and I went to Geno's. When I went back to join them I was refused entry to sit with them. I even asked if I buy a beer can I seat and eat with them they still said no. 
I usually don't write posts but for real, you deny paying customers the right to have friends over!!!So you go to Genos and Pats..ya eat your steak..maybe even snap a few pictures...now where you gonna go?!?.You gonna fly back to where you came from, jet back to Center City? No longer....Between both off Passyunk, I got a great feeling that this place is gonna do real well..Opened about a month ago..Has great food, more than 11 TV's, (One that faces outside for the seating by the way.)So apparently someone at SPB&G read my Yelp review and spruced up the kitchen.  The wings are now unbreaded, and are available grilled, which I recommend as they are excellent.  They also now offer fresh cut fries in addition to the waffle fries and, guess what, they are 100x better than the frozen ones.  The nachos now list cheddar cheese as opposed to orange goo, so I will need to try those next.
Still a great place to watch the game and now I enjoy the food.  I still don't see myself getting a dinner plate here, but since the Phillies are in the playoffs, I will hopefully get many chances to explore some more of the menu.mark!! he made my first visit to philly the best ever!!! great spirit and very friendlyStumbled upon this place when we were in Philly.  Pleasantly surprised. Typical bar atmosphere but the restaurant is clean and the good was good.This is THE place to get a Philly cheesesteak!! The killer is that it's right in the middle of the two spots that tourists go to....... make sure you see Jade at the bar, she can hook up your drink and then cook up your meal; she's awesome!!!!!Was just gay bashed by the bouncer, and then treated like trash by the snotty waitresses.  Im beyond offended, and upset. I will be calling and complaining to anyone who will listen.Don't go to this place if you don't want to deal with an idiot uneducated waitress or bartender, the bartender or waitress she just asked us if we was there to eat like wow , if I'm there to drink with my 7 year old kid and I sat in the table not at the bar I guess I'm there to eat . I can't say anything about the food since I just walked out , I wasn't going to deal with the ignorant waitress attitude, don't know if it was my accent or the way I look but definitely don't go to this place if you Hispanic.Huh. I can't believe I haven't reviewed SPB&G, given the amount of time I've spent here. That's not to say I'm a sports bar kind of guy; it's just conveniently located in my 'hood and is really the best place in the area to catch all the college football games I don't get at home (cable and I aren't friends anymore). Also, the drinks are reasonably priced and the grilled wings make me feel better about gorging during games. (They're not fried! That means they're practically health food!) The bartenders are awesome about putting on whatever I want to watch, too. Yay, SPB&G!Update (8/22/15): Happened again last night, same asshole,same result.  Apparently assaulting customers and passers-by isn't enough to get someone flagged from this dump.Trashy Vibes in South Philly
I adore South Philadelphia for it's history, culture and changes that happened in resent years. That night I was privileged to bump into South Philly Bar and Grill were "Philadelphia pride abounds". The roads started to get more cars as the Saturday night was getting close to point check mark 2:00 am. I was enjoying my beer outside when the waitress silently slided bar table away from us, almost causing my friend to fall. That was kind of rude, but yeah, it's closing time, they want to go home see their families and get rest before next shift. Working on weekends. Did my term - restaurant business for 5 years. 
I sat at the high chair. It was 01.47am.
her: I need that f*cking chair!
me: ???
her: I said I need that chair! Have manners and some attitude. We are closed!
I was staring at a bar waitress who really needed to go home or change work environment. The crowd was going in and out through the double sliding doors that reminded me the doors that separate clean room from alien entities in bio laboratories.
me:  Ok, here is your chair, just don't fight me.
The waitress grabbed the chair and half way to the doors separator turned around and shouted:
her: Go home if you don't want to fight. 
me: Fight? We will finish our drinks and leave no later than 2 am. No need to be rude, we understand. 
At that point the bar's outside area merged with a sidewalk. I chatted with my friends and noticed that the waitress was pointing at me while talking to a Big Whale with blond hairs. Minutes later they were still talking and staring at me. As they stood right in the doors, terrified to step outside, the man was looking at me without blinking. I approached the couple.
me: Is there a problem?
him: Yeah. You need to go home.
me: Yeah? Ok.
him: I am the owner.
He raised his voice and some of the people from the street stopped to hear this squeak of the past. I like thinking that this sorts of sounds indigestible and can't spread its toxicity.  However, it brings visceral feelings and unrealistically physical sensations when you see discrimination on the news and trending Internet videos.
owner: Don't talk to me. You don't speak English.
me: O si? No mi dueno. You are right, me no comprende sinior. 
owner: You are not Spanish!
His talk turned into barking. The Big Whale was ready to charge me, but couldn't get out from the inside - the old rusty chain kept him far from the real world, the world where all humans given the right to be equal at birth. Given by the world itself.
owner: You need to go home to you country.
After this last cry of the heart, the blond owner hid with his supporter in the darkness of the bar, closing the door behind him.
People around shook heads, as the clock turned 2:10. I was looking through the glass sliding doors, at the establishment celebrated true patriot. After he sat at the bar the bartender poured him a drink without asking . They laughed. The closed-door-after-two party consisted of conservative employees and regular customers/voters. Even after the bar was officially closed, it was obvious that the Republican Convention in Philadelphia 2018 just started, despite unstable condition of its members.
As I tried to process the moment, I looked again at the drunk on power owner. Our eyes met and he decided to descend once again to the outside world. The door slowly opened just enough so he could tweet.
owner: This is America. Go back to your country.
me: My name is Alexi, what's your name?
As the big boss was ready to end his visit to the free world, he artistically straightened his back, put arms on each of the sliding doors and as loudly as he could shouted:
owner: I am Trump!
... and slammed the doors to make this announcement clear. Jaws were dropped.
crowd: omg!
crowd: Did you hear it?
crowd: He just said that?
me: ???
One of the night butterflies fled out of the place from the main door next to the door separator. After she smoked her cigaret she looked at me and said:
customer: What are you still doing here? It is all your fault.
At that moment I tried to calm one of the friends who bursted in tears. I was in void and didn't know what to say.
me: I worked in restaurant business, and know how closing time can be. But it is not a reason be rude. That's very unpleasa...
customer: RIGHT! You worked in restaurants so you don't have to pay taxes!!!
We left the red colored area on Philadelphia map. All it took was to make 5 steps away from the South Philly Bar and Grill, the place were Philadelphia pride abounds.If I could give this HOLE a one middle finger rating I would .... 
Don't believe any of these reviews, they are ALL made up. This place is a WE HAPPILY ROB TOURIST'S TRAP. Do not take your friends here, do not take your family here, don't even subject your enemies to this HOLE. The service is crap, the food is worse AND THEY WILL CHEAT YOU BESIDES. I only ended up here accidently. Entertaining out of town guests for the holiday, they had a specific request for a cheesesteak. Both Geno's and Pat's lines were around the block, and not wanting to stand in the freezing cold we ducked into this HOLE. 20 minutes of sitting at the bar with no drinks or menus, they were finally brought AFTER WE ASKED. My guest asked what brands of scotch they had and was told to go look himself. I ordered a Blue Moon and was told they didn't have that, but had something else "watered down" which I declined and ordered a Yeungling, served in a plastic cup, while other patrons drank out of pint glasses. 40 minutes later our food arrived...or food is what the HOLE called it. Being a local from Philly, I know what a cheesesteak looks like. Trust me this was not one. After arguing with the BARTENDER on duty, she promised to remove the food from our bill. Did she? Nope. SHE POSTED  3 FRAUDULENT CHARGES to our bill, TRIPLING THE BILL. Today, I called to speak with the "Manager" (who is a total lowlife, btw) "Sally" who literally called me a CUNT and said I was lying that there were no bartenders fitting the description I mention and to GO THE FUCK AWAY. The entire bill charges will now be disputed, including any valid charges with our credit card company along with a report made to the authorities. 
DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS HOLE.We stopped in here because it was 90 degrees out and needed somewhere to sit and have a cold beer. IT was the only place without a line. 
We ordered our beers, waited for about 15 minutes for our order to be taken,. then waited about an hour for the food. Not only did it take forever to get the food, but my steak and cheese was cold by the time I got it!This  is probably my favorite bar in south philly! Mariel is the best bartender by far! She makes the best drinks! We ventured in here on a cold day in philly and felt warmth and friendliness.Favorite neighborhood bar!              
Best. Bar. In. The. Neighborhood. 
Friendly staff & bartenders. Always have a good time at this place, food is great for bar food & drinks are the best made by the best. Great atmosphere, fun to watch games there with friends. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good time!this place is a joke. its a knockoff Chickies and Petes. food is nothing special. drinks are weak. and the guy that runs this place is an asshole. don't waste your money here people.This was the first bar I went to in Philly a few months back, it's really close to Geno's and Pat's cheese steaks. I was kinda doing the touristy thing and thought I'd have a beer while I decide which cheese steak to try first.  The bartender was super rude (brotherly love my @ss). Ok so I don't stay where I'm not wanted and went next door to the Garage, ah ha now those guys are cool(see review).Was in town and wanted a place to go and a buddy suggested south phill p&g. Awesome place with great service. Mariel was our bartender and she was awesome. Recommended drinks and told us where to go in the city to hang and have a good time. Everything was top notch!Mariel was great she made my philly experience great, definitely would come back. The bar has great variety of liquor, I recommend the botanist gin shotThis place is amazing!!! First time visiting Philly and the cheese steaks are delicious! Mariel was super friendly! You guys should check this place out!This place wasn't bad. It was a lot better than Ish Kabibbles (spell check). It had flavor and was very filling. The waffle fries were good and seasoned well. However because they only had one worker working the entire bar and restaurant area, the service was ssssuuppoeeerrrr slow . Someone had to come from the back and help take orders. I've only tried 2 Cheesesteak places in philly so I can't say its the best but I can say it's the best when comparing to Ish Kabibbles.Really shitty service, what a mistake it was to eat here. Food was whatever, as Someone that works in a kitchen judging by the way their table was dirty and the food smells I can probably safely assume their kitchen is dirty and nasty.
The bar tender messed up our checks pretty bad and was like "I could fix it but does it really matter?" Yeah dude, it does matter.
Get a cheese steak at Pat's and then get a beer down the street at Ray's, fuq this place.Stopped in here for some post cheese steak drinks and was not disappointed. There was great service and tv's everywhere making it a great place to catch a game and chill with friends.
One thing I thought was really cool was along with the outdoor seating, there was out door beer pong! This proved to be a lot of fun, a little bit dangerous dodging traffic to get flying ping pong balls, but the one good thing about not being in NYC is cars actually stop for you.These recent reviews and posts are very disturbing and upsetting to me. I have lived in philly my entire life and in this area for the past 7 years. I frequent this establishment and the one next-door on a somewhat regular basis. For years I've seen these poor 2 boys in the rain in the snow in the heat selling their candy while Their uncle or whoever he is watches over them like a pimp. I am going to tell you what I have seen. I have seen the workers at South Philly bar and grill give these children food and water give them shelter give them an ear to talk to give them their phones to call their parents. And I have seen this at all times of the day and night. Why is a child out at 12:30 am in 10 degree weather selling candy for a basketball team. Do youth basketball teams play 365 days a year??? If this was my Business they would never have be allowed in from day one.  Kids in a bar for one and soliciting. I'm sure that's enough to ask them to leave. 
One night about six months ago they came in around 11pm sat right next to me and said I'm hungry. 5 mins later all of a sudden they had chicken fingers in front of them. Then the kid said to the bartender "give me your phone" not can I please use your phone -just give me your phone. I was shocked. Right away the bartender says ok u wanna call your mom here. Obviously it was not the first time. I have for years seen everyone takeing care of these kids. The reason I'm so upset is because Someone sees something they have no idea of the backstory or no idea of what exactly is going on exaggerate the entire circumstance and pull the race card. You should be ashamed of yourself. And you say you want to do something?! Let's see you be a real man and step up. These poor kids are like indentured slaves. It is horrific what they are being forced to do. This is the problem here the poor children!!!! I'm glad this all happened. It shows me I'm not the man I should. I see these kids all the time doing the same thing forced to sell the candy every night and I say to myself god that's horrible I feel so bad for them. Yet I do nothing. Well Jarvis the new Mr Community leader and superman maybe u can fix this problem. 
Ps the chicken fingers are really goodGreat beer and fries but service not very punctual and the food I was given has rotten tomatoes in it and the shrimp was mushy and over boiled. All the tables were dirty too. Philly cheese steak not too bad thu. When asked if we could have a refund for the shrimp and told about the rotten tomatoes the waitress just sneered and said she did it herself so it had to be fresh. Then walked away... She did give us a refund thu
Genos and pats next door have much better reputationsOn vacation in Philadelphia from the west coast, and this is by far the best bar I've been to during my weeks-long visit. Dominick and Monica are the best bartenders ever! Very friendly and amazing service. Food arrives in a prompt manner, no complaints . Can't really say enough good things about this bar honestly.
An added bonus is they have the best pinball tables in Philadelphia proper. Great deals and well-maintained and functional machines!First time I went to this bar I said I was never gonna go there again. Girl was rude claimed to be manager which was hard to believe. But then I gave it another try. Dom and Monica were incredibly busy and still managed to give amazing service by being the most friendly bartenders I ever met. They went from bartenders to family. Everyone knows everyone and the atmosphere they create in this bar is beyond amazing. You can get food and drinks anywhere, but bartenders like this are def hard to come by!So I'm waiting in line at Geno's for 20 mins, and frankly I have to use the restroom. Neither Pat's or Jeno's has one so I go into this bar. They tell me that the bathroom is for customers only, which is fair - hell, I was about to shell out $20's to Jeno's and they don't offer a bathroom. 
Never being opposed to a beer, I go, then belly up to the bar. Faced with the prospect of going to the back of a 40 minute line- some resentment for the lack of a bathroom lingering, I decide to try the Cheesesteak Flight here. Wow!!! I've had both Pats & Jeno's since I was a kid, but they give me a plate of cheesesteak halves that can hold their owe against anyone in the city. Plus I can have a nice beer with it, while watching the game. 
About 1/2 way through my plate a guy comes over and asks how I like it and starts up some small talk (Phillies this & that, blah blaaa, blaa) and low & behold I see him run off to the kitchen. 10 minutes later he comes out with a couple wings & says try this... Fantastic. Nice fat wings, no shabby boney things, right amount of heat, good stuff. I thought he  was a regular Joe, typical Philly sports fan and come to find out it's the owner. 
It was a great find, great food & place to  watch the game. I've been back twice since the original full bladder find.New to Philly and came in for a cheesesteak as an alternative to Pat's or Genos. The bartender was running the whole place by herself and provided service and food that was exceptional. Fantastic and impressive experience.This establishment I have been going to since I was able to drink never has it been a bad time. The bartenders always were nice and never treated me or anyone I was with different.. they are also caring business and ran fundraisers for free to raise money for my aunt who was sick with cancer in a months notice they pulled to get the place together for a benefit. Always help everyone in there from all different races and creeds.. perfect bar food and great beer selection and the bartender Dominick is the furthest thing from racist do all these new reviews are lies about this establishment to
Try and slander a good name