My fiancee and I stopped here for lunch on a Saturday recently. The service was fine but the food took longer than it should have, being that we were only 1 of the 2 tables in the restaurant. Also, the noodles were under cooked to the point of being unchewable, I would try it again but was really underwhelmed by my first experience there.Okay --
after salivating for three weeks, staring at this baby in my bookmarks, I rounded up some members of "the dyke crew" (preemptively: no, str8s, don't ever call queer women that, thanx) and bounced over.
I have to admit, the $$ threw me off -- appetizers are between 6$ and 12$; entrees are more around 17$.  For some reason, I thought I'd be shelling out ten bucks for the main course.
After recovering from my small heart attack, we went inside and proceeded to feast.
We ordered (per Yelpers) the rock shrimp, the duck crepe and then the guac and wonton chips for we had a vegetarian.  For dinner, D had the Shanghai beef, I had the Dan Dan noodles and said veg had the ... veg-fried rice.
The rock shrimp was damn good -- not overpoweringly shrimpy, fried lightly and without grease, and the curry sauce!  You have to wrap the shrimp in the salad and dip because the mixed greens bring the plate together.  The guac was interesting (avocado in a spicy red sauce), and the chips were as light as the shrimps' batter.
The star of the appetizer round was the Peking duck crepe.  D and I made obscene noises while the veg said it tasted too alive.  The duck is cooked perfectly, not too heavy, and it comes with hoisin sauce.
I really enjoyed my Dan Dan noodles.  I thought for a moment the portion might be too small, but all the food here is rich and sumptuous, and you get just the right amounts.  With the crumbled pork on top and the leaves of spinach, I felt like the bowl echoed a very spicy spaghetti and meat sauce.  I also snagged some of the fried rice (I'm not sure how there is such a thing as a "best fried rice," but this stuff qualified), and then I tried some of the Shanghai beef.
I don't like beef.
The meat melted in my mouth, I swear to god, and comes in this weird sauce that I can best describe as Chinese BBQ/honey.
We received complimentary desserts of fried pumpkin cakes, which were nice palate cleansers.
Overall, goddamn.
Basically.Like an authentic Chinese hole in the wall- plated and served up with a classy air.  The dry chili chicken is almost as good as the oily brethren I've had in alternate Chinese houses- the staff is serviceable and efficient.  I've had a lot of trouble using any kind of yelp deal or groupon- so keep it simple?  
Lunch specials reasonably priced but a few blocks north you can get some of the best Chinese for less fuss and same price or (at dinner) way less.  Clean to the sake of boring, but a decent spot for a drink.This place is good and I'd recommend it. Everything I've ordered had been good or very good and delivery time is always reasonable. I just ate a big bowl of udon and it was fantastic. They also make great drinks if you're eating there. 
That being said...
The vegetable pad Thai was seriously the worst I've ever had in my life. It had no taste and the only vegetables were a few pieces of cabbage. Seriously? I almost called to complain it was that bad, and I don't do that. I don't even understand how it's still on the menu.The food is really good compared to any other Asian restaurant in town. And for the price...  It's super economical. 2 meals and an appetizer with an alcoholic drink came up to $44. What else could you ask for ? 
Atmosphere is very cool. Bar is neat and stylish. 
Overall great !! Go eat !Delivery service was fantastic! Came in 30 minutes and without damage. The Satay Chicken and the Mini Wontons were delicious. However, the fried rice was a little bland and the tofu in the Penang Curry was a weird texture. Overall a good experience, I would recommend for a new adventure.Awesome Asian fusion place from the decor to the food. There was plenty of staff there to greet us and help us with anything we needed. As a vegetarian they had plenty of options. 
Went with a group of five people and wanted to our share meals after spending a long day out. First ordered a small hot plate as an appetizer.  Two dandan noodles were more than enough between the five of us and even after being super hungry we could only eat about one and a half. So the portion sizes are good. The taste of the noddles weren't bad, but it wasn't the best dandan either. Could've used a little bit more flavor (spiciness). 
For the main entrees we orders the drunken noodles with tofu and mushrooms. This was very good, spicy, and flavorful . My favorite of the night. Lettuce wrap with tofu, which was okay in my opinion. The tofu was very hard and dry, but the lettuce did help. Tofu in black bean sauce was really good as well. It comes with rice and there's so much flavor enough that you don't even need this dish spicy.
Overall the quality of the service, food, and pricing was great.So yummy! Five of us had the Dan Dan noodles, some wontons, the ahi tuna dumplings (my favorite--so good), a dry pot, the sautéed veggies, the eggplant, some black bean fish, and a panang curry. Cocktails for everyone. So yummy.
It is fair to compare Spice 28 to Han Dynasty--you get a lot of the same heat that you'd get there and there are a number of dishes both do well (like Dan Dan Noodles). The food is more " fusion" style at Spice, and the ambiance is flashier, but the prices are pretty good and the quality is there. Not a place to be dismissed!Came here on the tail end of restaurant week because it was one of the only location that still had free reservations. Did not regret. Great food, great service, definitely underrated. 10/10 would recommend.The external decor of Spice 28 is rather abysmal, but the inside - with its modern, sleek look and neon lights glowing here and there - reminds me very much of Pod and Morimoto.
We arrived here for dinner on a weeknight, and it was fairly packed, so that was a good sign.  We started off with the fajitas  (interesting item to be on the menu given that Spice is an Asian restaurant) and crispy calamari.  Both dishes were good in the sense that they tasted like what I expected (but also not very hot, as if they had been sitting somewhere for a little while...).  But, they were bad in the sense that the only Asian twist to them was the traditional varieties of dipping sauce that accompanied each dish.  Not exactly very creative, and perhaps a little bit deceiving.
The waiter must had asked the kitchen to fire up our entrees before we even got our appetizers, because before we even got through half of either appetizers, our entrees came to the table.  Normally, I would have no qualms with this, because - as anyone who knows me can attest to - I eat rather fast.  But, I was trying to pace myself, and by the time I got to my entree, it was borderline lukewarm.  The food itself (chicken basil fried rice) was decent, but perhaps that's because I'm comparing it to the gold standard at Tuk Tuk, a cozy little Thai place in Long Island City that makes incredible basil and green curry fried rice.
To close off the meal, the kitchen sent out some sort of pancake on the house.  We were advised to stop talking and eat it while it was hot - so we did.  What greeted my taste buds was bland, and not what I would want to be the last impression guests have upon leaving.
Luckily, that wasn't our last impression of Spice.  We split the bill, one Amex, one Visa.  When the receipts came, it became apparent the waiter had split the bill, but charged both halves to my card.  Yay, I won!  We told the waiter of this mistake, and his response was for us to exchange cash with each other, laughed, and walked away.  There was no way I wasn't going to write a review after that!
Would I go back?  Before the check incident I would have said yes, because some of my fellow Yelpers have given it rave reviews.  After the check incident?  Probably not.  Food and service are what I look for when I go out to a sit-down, and from this experience, Spice 28 provided neither very well.Wirklich empfehlenswerter "Thailänder". Geschmack authentisch, Ambiente fein. Sogar den Kindern hats geschmeckt!I have been here approximately 50 times now. My fav lunch spot in the city. Here is what you need to order -
Dry Pepper Style chicken
Cumin Style chicken
Three pepper chicken
Spicy Chicken lettuce wrapBirthday dinner here for 12. Waitress was a sweet heart. She wanted to take a photo with me for some reason, and I obliged because she was awesome. 
Shots for the table on the house afterwards.OK, so I'd like to bump up my rating by a star because I thought the food was uniformly great last time we were there. We were with a large group and ordered a bunch of dishes, all of which were really good.  But the noise level is painful on a Saturday night. It was impossible to talk without shouting, and with a few other large groups nearby, it was a competition over who could be heard. The waitress was very  understanding when we asked to be moved, but said she couldn't re-seat us because it was fully booked. So I guess that noise level works for many people and by their choice of decor (all hard surfaces) the owners are not trying to dampen the volume. It's a shame, because I think their food is on par with Han Dynasty, but I'm going to stick to mid-week for my next visit.We were visiting from NYC super bowl weekend and starving around 8pm. Every place was closed or packed with football game seekers. We found this restaurant by searching Yelp like every other tourist who visits new places for some grub. Walked in, and the decor put an instant smile on my face, it was hip, design was all me and lighting was perfect. It was partners bday and we were the only ones there, wait...it was us and a party of 20 young ppl who were also celebrating a bday. Long story short, we ate good Thai, had good service and my partner got serenaded by 20 strangers!
Good stuff!Oops 
Won't go back 
Was willing to deal with the incredible noise for good food 
Luke warm apps
Waited an hr for entree that was bad
Duck 
Need to step it up for Philly 
Waitress was sorry and nice
But,I really enjoyed my experience here. My friend and I sat at the bar which is lit with green light, giving it a very modern feel. We ordered drinks which tasted very good - no complaints. For an appetizer, I ordered the rock shrimp which were ok, a little bland but the spicy mayo somewhat made up for it. My friend ordered the Thai crispy calamari, which had no taste. For our entrees, we ordered the Thai basil fried rice with chicken and medium spice. It was great! Awesome flavor and not too much pepper. The entrees definitely made up for the lack luster appetizers. 
The overall atmosphere at Spice 28 is great and I'd recommend it. The employees are friendly; restrooms are clean. I'd come back again.The food was great!  The dumplings were to die for.  My only complaint was we sat in the front bar area and it felt like we were forgotten about.  It took forever to get our drinks and a long time to get dinner, so if you're going here make sure you have time to kill.I love the scenery and the view of the place. My friend and I sat by the windows and it was such a perfect day to sit outside but you're actually inside.
We came in for happy hour and our bartender and waitress were very nice! Drinks were great and beautiful! We ordered the passionate cocktail and I ordered dragon something.. I forgot but it was delicious!
It was my first time trying the place but I felt like the food was similar to any other place. I chose pad thai and well it was good but nothing new. My friend ordered a mango salad with a champagne mango sauce.. and that was really good and healthy!Great food, terrible delivery. After waiting an hour and a half for delivery, called to check on status and was told that someone had called and cancelled my order. (?!$&?!) Since this ABSOLUTELY never happened (at least from my phone number) I have no idea what was going on. Han Dynasty it is instead. Smdh.Just had a really great meal at Spice28. I have been traveling here and working in the area for a couple of years and was excited to find this gem. It seems to be relatively new. While its a bit dark and lounge-like, the ambiance is generally nice. Stylish. 
The menu was diverse and filled with Asian fusion dishes.  I have been craving some good Szechuan and saw some great reviews on Yelp so was glad to try them. I tried some curry glazed rock shrimp to start. The menu didn't explain that the shrimp were batter fried and that wasn't what I was looking for. The young manager came by my table and asked about my food. I mentioned that I wasnt looking for something fried and he immediately offered to take the dish off my bill. I wasn't looking for that or expecting it but it was a really great customer service move and I really appreciated it. High marks for that kind of attention to detail. 
For my entree I got the dry pot lamb. It was fantastic. Spicy, flavorful and delicately prepared. When I needed more rice, the waitress promptly brought me more too. 
The food alone was probably worth 4 stars, but the Managers extra effort makes this meal a 5 star affair.Solid Phad Thai, service staff was a bit quiet and non-social. You'd expect as a solo dinner being the only sitting at the bar I'd get a bit more attention. 
Food came out timely and overall was quite tasty.I have lived in New York for many years, and though I have had many incredible dishes there, i find that Asian food in Philly is hard to beat. I am almost alway impressed, and this place is no exception. 
Quaint and classy, this small hole in the wall is good for some casual, quick comfort Thai classics and some new special Asian fusion dishes you may not have tried.The staff was friendly and the location was great. I really loved the champagne duck and the cumin lamb, which were both flavorful, well thought out, and complex without being overbearing. The duck buns were good, but a little greasy for my taste. 
Overall a great experience and a great, convenient location in the center of the city! Oh, they have great lunch specials and happy hour deals for drinks and apps!We just had dinner here during their happy hour special. They have very reasonably priced specials, hard to find anymore in center city. The apps are delicious. Recommend the ahi tuna dumplings! The service was great tonight too!Spice 28 was a good choice for dinner with my brother who was visiting town.  He's a real fan of Singapore Noodles, and enjoyed a plate ot them a lot.  We started with Dan Dan noodles and cold tripe, excellent appetizers, and went on to dry chili style chicken and salads.  Good beer selections too, though not on tap.  We also liked the LED's decorating the hypermodern interior.The ambiance of the place is vibrant and the service is wonderful. However the pad thai was too salty, worst pad thai I ever had. But their drunken noodles are delicious.Ordered a take out. Firstly, the  owner/manager is very nice . the food, though can be better. We ordered the mango tofu, and the mangoes in  the plate were not the best, an overall it was ordinary. We had noodles and Sichuan tofu as well, and they were better, but not great.2nd Time in 4 days...A cold monday night called for some spicy sczehuan food and Spice 28 was the answer for me..(Saves a cab ride from going to Han Dynasty) Got the Tripe Appetizer again...It was spot on..also tried a Calamari App which was delightful and lightly coated...We also tried the dan dan noodles this time...(I think I still like Han Dynasty's version better..but this was still very good) and finished off the meal with the Beef Dry Pot which is phenominal...My only complaint was that they charged $8+ on our final bill for a bottle of vino which was listed at $30 on the menu.. The waiter was nice to fix it when we mentioned it, but it's something that we could have easily missed...so make sure you check the bill before you pay...They also always seem to forget about the 10% yelp discount after you check-in..so remind them that too...So we were walking around on our first night here... right after seeing one of the most patriotic pieces of American History I have seen to date (the Liberty Bell) and my beautiful girlfriend suggested a place she saw on yelp(she needs her rice ;)).  Why not, it's only a block from the Marriott.  
Sooo glad we decided to come here.  She ordered the Thai Basil Chicken Fried Rice along with the Eggplant with Garlic.  I wanted some Pork Belly with Cabbage and Bean Curd.  The pork belly was sliced thin and flavor was wonderful.  About the only thing I can complain about was that I asked it to be spicy, and it was not too spicy (I can handle my spice).  
Plenty of yummy eggplant to go along with the perfectly seasoned chicken fried rice too!  
The interior was modern and the staff was extremely friendly.  They are very attentive and will accommodate your requests.  If you are in Philly.... check this place out!  You will not regret it =)Let's start with 1 hour and 45 mins for delivery. Then let's add that the order of dumplings consisted of 2 dumplings. Just no.Met some friends here last night. Had the chicken pad Thai, it was great. All my friends enjoyed their meals. They had a nice selection of reasonably priced wine which was a bonus. And our server was very nice. Will go back when we r in the area again.Went on a lunch date and my first impression was how cool the decor looked. When we actually sat down to order, I felt like the prices were a bit steep for Chinese food. Even though they brought the food out very quickly, I still wasn't all that impressed. The food was good but it wasn't anything special. I got the shrimp Thai basil and my date had drunken noodles with chicken. Our bill was $30 but I'm sure that this place is no better than my local china wok where I can buy way more for the same price! Staff is friendly and the service was good.I love this place!  The mango shrimp was amazing and I love that they encourage you to order your preferred amount of spice in your meal.  We ordered the dumplings in chili oil which were great also.These five stars are based on price and quality. Obviously not a Stephen Starr restaurant, but a really great place for price and experience and of course the food. Happy hour has great deals, always leave wanting to come back.Amazing cocktails, apps, entrees and deserts. The staff was very friendly and came by often to make sure everything was alright. The place was packed, but they were still able to accommodate our party of 4 on short notice.I'm not sure if they were understaffed or if it is always that slow, but waiting for almost 20 minutes for water is kind of ridiculous.  The food was just ok, nothing I haven't had before at other Asian Fusion restaurants.  The Philly Love martini was the best thing on the menu!  Also, the way this place was designed, it makes every voice carry so it's almost impossible to talk to the person across from you.  I wish I could have enjoyed my dinner a little more, but it was SO LOUD!  And the place was not full...
Sorry to be a downer, but this place is just ok.Came here for lunch because it was part of the UPromise plan.  Got my first surprise when they had a 10% off check-in on Yelp.  Yea!
Although the restaurant seemed to be bustling, my food came out slowly and I felt a little ignored by the restaurant staff.  However, the food itself was quite good.
I had started with a Tom Yum soup which was a nice spicy soup with crunchy green squash.  I also had a blue crab avocado salad.  It was 1/2 full sized piece of avocado stuffed with blue crab meat over a bed of bagged mixed greens salad and a nice balsamic dressing.  Very tasty.  Lastly, I had the mango shrimp dish with jasmine rice.  Not overly sweet, but sweet and mixed with the rice made it better.  Whole chunks of mango, along with peppers and about 6(?) shrimp.  
$25 including tax and tip.  I'd take a trip back to try some of the other dishes and see if spicy really is spicy when asked.I'm only giving it 3 stars instead of 3.5 because of a few things.  Partly because Yelp doesn't allow half a star.  The servers were friendly and pleasant.  We had a party of 10 and went at 5:30 p.m.  The place wasn't crowded yet but by the time we left around 7 p.m., it was pretty full.  The ambiance was "trendy" and pretty cool to look at.  I felt like I was walking onto a Virgin America airplane.
The food wasn't bad...wasn't great, like WOW, either.  I had the tom yum soup and the silky tofu with shrimp.  For those of us who like spicy tofu (ma po tofu), that's pretty much what it was.  Again, good but not amazing.
Here's where the negative .5 star comes in.  They charged $2 for iced tea and do not offer refills. Maybe that's a Philadelphia thing but it seems a bit too much for a place that is not "high end" but wants to be this trendy place but $2 for refills?  Come on!The food was excellent as well as the service. It was highly recommended by our concierge. We are so glad we went. I would also highly recommend it!!This place is one of my favorite places to go for Thai hands down. They have the best Thai tea and the best dry pepper style dishes. I always get the shrimp and fish dry pepper style and it's always hits the spot. The price is fair and the portions are pretty decent. I've went with many friends and they've all liked their popular Pad Thai. They do offer a lunch hour special during the weekdays. I always come back to this place every month. Taf recommendsCrispy duck salad is the best!   Love this place for upscale.  trendy spot in center city with moderate prices.   Great experience.  Michael was my bartender and he had to put up with the rudest girl I've ever seen.   She waited  a mere minute for attention and then put up a fuss.    Wish there was a YELP for customers.   She was nasty.I'm not sure why this place has such good reviews. I just ordered delivery of veg fried rice and the only vegetables included were onions and some scarce green peas with no flavor whatsoever I could have easily boiled some rice And added some peas myself. The drunken  noodles looked like a pile of noodles crap with soy sauce. I'm disappointed and wondering how this place is number one on yelp. Waste of money!! I would give it 0 if I could. 
Don't waste your money on this food.Went on a busy Saturday eve, but had a reservation so our party of 3 was seated fairly quickly. Ordered two appetizers, dan dan noodles and seafood/avocado wontons, both were fantastic. Then we waited, and waited, and waited for our entrees. Finally the waitress came over and said she knew it had been awhile, "issues in the kitchen," but the orders were coming out soon. Minutes later, they did, but what a disappointment. Vegetables in duck stir fry were hard and undercooked, pad Thai noodles were undercooked and had no flavor, salt and pepper squid was dry and no longer warm. All three in my party left more than half of the food on our plates. Waitress checked back in with us too late to do anything about it; she asked if we wanted take away boxes, we said no thanks. She took 10% off the check for our "long wait." Sometimes things happen, we get it. Maybe our entree order was misplaced. But don't then rush out subpar food. Won't be returning.The mango spicy chicken was great... The waitress was accommodating and made their version of beef and broccoli for kids.
The fried vegetable dumplings were a bit dry inside and hard outside. Everything else was good and affordable :)Cocktails- Good. But suuuuuper sugary.
Food- LOL. Plastic in our over-cooked calamari and duck fat only in our "duck" salad.
Waiter response "okay."
Hah! 
Come for the drinks, leave with diabetes and duck fat with a plastic souvenir.Just sat down at my desk and my belly is so happy. Spice 28 is so on point. I don't know why I didn't know about this place. As a lover of all foods that are Asian this place rocks. I had the Dan Dan noodles and they were perfect. The lunchtime service was quick. I will be back and bring some friends with me.I usually order their pad thai noodles. Spring rolls are pretty good as well. Cool ambience but crowded place. Good drinks choices.Service was pretty good. Food not so much. Came here for dinner on a Friday night. No wait. I had the Indian pancake and my friend had a mixed rice type of thing. It was just parathas but they were ok. I'm not sure if it's the same Spice they have in New York (was lunch for few years) but wasn't a fan. 
Dessert was good-some gelato with chocolate syrup and the waitress was nice enough to give me extra syrup and whip cream cause I told her I wanted a lot of chocolate. Probably come back for their dessert. And for that reason I'm going to give a more stars.I've wanted to try this place for a while, and I'm SO happy that I did. Had a fantastic dinner here recently with my brother.
Cocktail recommendation: Thai Ginger Coconut Bomb-- delightfully crisp and spicy. Ginger, mandarin, lime, coconut cream, basil, jalapeno. Sounds strange, but if you like a kick in your cocktail, order it. It's not overbearing, because the coconut cream keeps it balanced. 
As for food, this place has nailed down the Schechuan cuisine. The thai veggie spring rolls are straight forward and delicious. If you like spice, go for the pork belly in garlic and chili oil. Thinking about it makes my mouth water, it's that damn good. 
In addition to those apps, the entrees really dazzled our tastebuds. The double cooked fish was crunchy but flavorful, moist and oh so delicious. I am in love with chinese eggplant so that's always ordered when I dine out Asian-style. So this dish was right on point for me. The eggplant was soft, seasoned and tasty. The shrimp drunken noodles were also fantastic. Great layer of flavor and spice. Finally, the dry pepper chicken is an absolute must-have. Served with many of those chili peppers that I love eating with each bite of crunchy chicken. This dish is as kickass as you can get. 
I can't wait to go back here. The modern decor is great and the colorful accent lights give it a really cool glow. Give it a try!We tried this for restaurant week and we were not disappointed! The food was amazing as were our drinks. It was a little loud despite not too many tables being in the restaurant. We really enjoyed everything we ordered. The steamed peking duck buns were out of this world. We definitely recommend trying this place out sometime !Jack Chen, you magnificent bastard.  Who else would see the bright spot of opportunity in a morass of Chestnut Street gloom?  That's right my friends, there is now  a bona fide reason to slalom past the ticket scalpers and flat screen dealers that inhabit the netherworld between Barbuzzo and Market street. . . .and that reason is some mighty fine Szechuan, Sichuan , or Szechwan cuisine.  
Let me warn you, if all you know of this peppercorny goodness is in Old City, prepare yourself for a dose of authenticity, modern Asian style.  This is not a place made to look "authentic" and no one will berate you for asking questions about the ingredients.  If what you need is a little role play, go see your therapist.  
Ok, enough of me, here is why you should come.  
Cumin Lamb that should make you look up Agnus Dei if you don't know Latin.  
Cucumber salad that is just cucumber.  Delicious, delicious cucumber.  How?  Who cares?  
Dumpling dough so paper thin and sublime, you'd think 1990's Kate Moss was at you table.  
But the kicker, the real kicker  . . . half of us didn't realize we were eating tofu bits in the pork belly dish.  That's because they slice it the other way.  Cubes be damned.  Minus the moisture, I can almost see what those crazy vegans have been talking about.  Sure it was humbling to rave about bean curd, but that's the magic of Jack Chen's oasis in the desert of a too long forgotten corridor.
PS.  I wish I could tell you what the pictured appetizer really is.  But I can't because we mentioned it to the waitress, and decided against.  They brought it out anyway to prove a point.  Guacamole and Szechuan do go together.  Who knew?Food was delicious but service was awful. I had the drunken noodles and some samplings of my friends' meals and all was delicious. I wish that was enough to give it the rating it deserves but the wait staff is incompetent. Our waiter had such sloppy handwriting that he had to confirm orders on two separate occasions, 15 minutes apart. He also tried to give us 3 extra dishes that no one ordered (we sent them back), and of course we got charged for them. But he wouldn't admit his mistake! None of our party ate the dishes and we informed them of their mistake as soon as it happened, so why try to argue about it 45 minutes later? Settling the bill due to this mishap therefore took almost an hour. Preposterous. I'm sure I can find other places with equivalent food quality but with less hassle.In Philly for a couple of days for work and came across this small but happening restaurant . With a great dinning atmosphere,  you can  opt to sit inside or outside while listening to soft low music on the background while catching up with friends at the end of the day.
Great staff and service. Waitress was very attentive making sure that drinks were topped off. Tom Kha soup was delicious, we also ordered the cucumber salad which although very expensive...was indeed divine. 
would definitely go back and try different plates.
 If you like lychee or passion fruit be  sure to try their cocktails. super tasty with added fruit nectar and a good bit of boos.This is my favorite fancy thai place in philadelphia! If you want to be casual and lazy banana leaf is the spot. If youre looking for a fancy date night, birthday dinner Spice 28 is the spot. The drinks are huge and strong and the food is as spicy as you ask for! I had the drunken noodles and they were delicious! My friends who eat meat also loved their food. I recommend this place.So I've ordered lunch from here twice so I feel like I can make a fair assessment. The first time I ordered from here I got the pad thai with chicken. It wasn't awful. I've certainly had worse and certainly had better. If I were to rate this place then I would have given it maybe 3 1/2 stars. After my lunch the other day, my rating has gone down. I ordered the general tso chicken. It was the worst I've had in a while. My first bite I spit out. It was pure fat. There was barely any tender meat in the entire dish. I couldn't eat it. What a waste.Love this place! The drinks were amazing, the food was great, & me & my friend had the best waiter! Cannot wait to go back!I was led to Spice 28 by an article touting their drunken noodles as among the best Asian dishes in the US. I have now been back several times, and am never disappointed. Every dish I have gotten there has been really good, and I am hard to impress.
I live in the suburbs,  but pretty much any time I get into the city I try to talk my dining companions into Spice 28. The location is great, too!Favorite thai place in philly. Not only was the food delicious, but the service was amazing and the inside decor was pleasant as well. I got drunken chicken noodles. So flavorful. And I loved the thai iced tea!Went for unch yesterday with my mom. Not impressed. Service was sooo SLOW over 2 hours for appetizer and entree, had to get dessert to go because I was late for work (when we arrived we were the only people there and it was that way for 30 minutes, so no excuse for that). Server came by to apologize there was an issue/mix up in the kitchen and food would be out in 3 to 5 minutes...30 minutes later the food arrived..
Food was very good but the wait was certainly not worth it.
Size and portions were okay and plating was very pretty. 
IDK if I would go back or not..Advice is proceed with caution and don't go there is you've somewhere to be in the next 1.5 hrs or you're really hungry.The dumplings in oil were good.  But, the drunken noodles with beef were the worst I have ever had.  The noodles were over cooked and there were hardly any spices or flavor at all.  The thai beef basil also lacked flavor.  It was just some cut up veges with sauce and only three or four pieces of meat.  I would not order from here again.  My food looked nothing like the pictures other shared.While the food was good (not great), the service was slow and it too us 25 minutes to get our checks. If they could improve service, it would be a 3.5 star review.I absolutely loved the ahi tuna dumplings and the drunken noodles! Such a cute dinner spot. I would definitely stick to noodles as the chicken dishes didn't look as good. But I absolutely loved my meal.I've been here twice and the food is always great. Their lemonade/iced tea with mint leaves (I'm not sure exactly what it's called) is amazing!I work in an office at Broad and Chestnut, and lord knows I'm always looking for a good, inexpensive lunch spot. My usual is Saladworks (so expensive) or Grocery (there are only so many days in a week I can eat soup). And then I smelled my cube neighbor's lunch today. $7.44 got me wonton soup and what was possibly the best green curry I've ever eaten. It's labelled on the menu as a "1" on the spicy scale (3 is the highest), and I'm definitely glad that I didn't ask for it spicier. It probably would've been just as delicious, but when I'm at work, I don't want to sweat curry all afternoon. That said, the "1" had a great little kick to it. The chicken was tender, the veggies (carrots, peppers and greenbeans, maybe?) had just a little crunch in them, and the sauce was pretty close to heaven. Best part, the portions are large enough that I can easily get two lunches out of a meal. This restaurant opening actually makes me a little sad that I'm moving out of state in a week.
ps. Ask the hostess to turn on the bar while you're waiting for your take out. You won't regret it.I just can't understand the vibe! One of the worse services that I have ever got!
The first time I went there, it was during the restaurant week. The restaurant wasn't crowded, but it took a long time for our server to show up. I asked for a drink and ordered the three courses. My drink didn't show up before the appetizer.. it didn't show up with my appetizer .. and it didn't show up with my entree! So I had asked for it three times at this point! Finally, I got my drink toward the end of my entree. When the server brought the dessert, I made the mistake to ask for hot tea. After 30 minutes we got our check with no sign of hot tea. 
When I got back home I realized that the restaurant has told opentable that I didn't show up (why is that? to save money?!)!!!
Well, I should've known that I shouldn't go back! But I did!! Just because I love Thai food and I though Yelp can't be wrong!
I went two nights ago and only three tables were occupied. It took 15 minutes for somebody to show up. Long story short, we got our food 35 minutes after we went to the restaurant. When we got our entree my husband asked for extra limes, which of course never brought to our table! I had pineapple fried rice which was so bland with very sour pineapples, so I wanted to ask for some hot sauce, but nobody came to ask about our food. 
We were in the middle of our discussion whether we want to order dessert when our server showed up and put the check on the table, without even asking us if we need anything else (and it was one hour before their closing time)! 
Food wasn't anything interesting, service was terrible, and there are a lot of great restaurants 2 steps from this one.Contrary to other reviewers I love the dark trendy atmosphere.  It is fun, and certainly great for groups, dates, or most any occasion.  The portions are small, and consistent with the trends towards street food.  I had the Singapore noodles, and the duck appetizer.  The Tom Yum soup was more vegetable heavy with the right amount of Heat!  If you love Asian and mostly Thai food, you will love this place.  Let's drop the term Asian Fusion, which is a cuisine that I do not even acknowledge.  Asian Street food is what I love!  This is a little gem in Philadelphia Center City!I went here on a whim with friends who were in the mood for Thai food. We sat at the bar. 
The staff seemed a little overwhelmed. They took a while to take our order. The staff member who took our order didn't really explain the menu items well enough to someone who's not familiar with Thai food. I honestly am a Thai food new newbie. Prior I only have had Pad Thai, but I would have liked a little more direction on what they think I would like based on what I told them . 
I ordered the Chicken Drunken Noodles. They were fine but it was a little pricey for what I got. Nothing stood out in the meal I received.
The margarita drinks my friends had were delicious. 
Maybe the experience would have been different if we sat at the table but I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend this place to someone. It was not terrible, but not worth raving about either.I'm sitting here finishing the last of my delicious dinner.    Have to give a shout out to ED Utah Maria for referring me. The food was great and made spicy as requested. Had the  appetizer chili dumpling, noodles with pork and the sea bass and shrimp as a main dish. Loved the service and the server Jacob was fantastic.  
Great food, fast delivery and phenomenal service. Need I say more.Came here for happy hour with a friend. Ordered a whole bunch of appetizers: chicken skewers, ahi tuna dumplings, indian pancake, and lettuce wraps. Each were about $4.00 a piece. Ahi tuna dumplings were pretty interesting. They were served over guacamole and some type of salsa. It worked. Everything was tasty and service was consistent. No complaints.Visited here on a Sat night.  We only needed to sit 2 so we were lucky to find a table but I would suggest making a reservation before hand.
Ordered the Philly Love which was a martini with a cucumber flavor that was great.  My friend ordered a drink with a spicy taste (i forgot the name but it was at the bottom of the menu and it was great).
for my entree I ordered the The Signapore noodles which was noodles, with shrimp, beef and a whole bunch of other things.  i like my food pretty spicy and so I asked for my food to be made very spicy.  it came out and it was not spicy AT ALL.  so I had to wait for the waitress to come by  our table again and told her and she brought out this spicy oil which did the trick.  So I would suggest ordering the hot oil on the side if you like your food spicy.Delicious and reasonably priced. Service was very attentive. Nice variety on the menu.Such bad service and the people who come here have no class. The waitress was rude and was slamming the food on the table and gave me an attitude for asking for a box. My noodles were hard but the drinks were good.GREAT Asian fusion spot in philly - one of the best considering price. Great flavorful food, great happy hour deal, and service is usually good. Cocktails are a little pricy ($10) but pretty good. 
One thing is they don't always allow you to sit down and have happy hour. For some reason you only get the deal by the bar.
The decor of this place is pretty trendy too. 
If you like Thai / Chinese type food you'll love it here. 
Get the hot sauce chicken!This place is hands down a VERY good restaurant/bar. Let me just say that I stopped in two weeks ago as a result of reading some of the Yelp! reviews.  I am so glad I discovered it. The food was sooooo delicious. Since I was on business, I came in by myself and decided to sit at their bar. Very cool. (They have these huge floor to ceiling windows that open to the street to give it a very open/airy feeling.)  If I recall correctly, I had the ahi dumplings (which were fried) and came with avocado. Delectable!! I was also recommended to try the drunken noodles with shrimp. Yummmy!!! While I was having dinner, I got a chance to meet the owner, the bar manager and one of the bartenders. Everyone was super cool!!!  I'm definitely coming back. In fact, I gotta be in Philly this coming week....4.5/5
My friend and I came here for happy hour and had a great time! $4 wines from 4-7 and cheap apps. Appetizer wise we got the tuna dumplings and dumplings in chili oil. I don't think I would get the tuna dumplings again-the cooked tuna element was weird. The dumplings were good but they only give you 4. 
Here goes another one of my mapo tofu reviews: BIG NEWS-this place has replaced e mei as my number one place for mapo. Jiggly tofu, spicy but not crazy spicy plus not too greasy. Good amount of meat and huge portion. Only complaint is that they could of served more rice with the dish. I also love the fact that I can eat it in a restaurant and not an awkward Chinatown establishment. 
Our server was great. He kept the wine flowing and was very friendly!Excellent food. The service was a little suspect, but everything was corrected with a smile, so no complaints. Everyone had a great time!Gorgeous interior, with front doors that open for some al fresco dining, without the chance for getting your purse yanked off of your chair.  
I ordered a lunch special online (General Tso's and miso soup for $8) and the lunch potstickers ($4).  The special came with a choice of soup, so for $12 I have enough for Second Lunch later this afternoon.  
I received 5 potstickers with a dipping sauce, which were quite yummy, but I forced myself away from them to try the miso soup. 
Lots of seaweed in the soup, with a moderate amount of tofu.  Good depth of flavor.  Despite wanting to chow down the rest of it, I moved on to the General Tso's to get to it while it was at its best. 
I opened up the container, and was hit with a great cloud of nomminess.from the General Tso's   I dug in, and got to pieces of chicken that are just the right size, to properly mix crunchy coating with the tender chicken.  A bit smokey, a bit sweet, and a bit spicy of a sauce topped it all off, and wasn't too slimy or clingy.  A bit light on the broccoli, and it was a bit less crisp than I like, but overall, I'm going for the chicken, not the garnish.  
Service was prompt, and very attentive.  I paid my bill, and because I had just ordered minutes before, I had to wait for a few while it was cooked.  They sat me at the bar and poured some ice water.  I dropped something from my purse, and another server rushed to pick it up for me.  I didn't even have time to finish my water before my food was brought out.  It was packed securely, so that I could get it back to my office without making a huge mess.  
It would be a nice place to hang out after work as well, with the full bar, and open windows for the summer.  
Bonus -10% off for checking in!Excellent Shrimp Pad Thai. Not drowning in sauce like some places... Just the right amount. Walked right in on a Tuesday night. Busy, but plenty of tables. Great service, and fast. Will definitely be back when I'm back in Philly.My favorite Thai spot in the city. Great date spot. Food is on point. Drinks could be stronger but they're not so bad. Price is just right. Staff is very cool. Duck Drunken Noodle is always my choice. Or shrimp.I'm surprised at all the great reviews this place received.  The restaurant is cute and well decorated. But, the food was all very greasy, and dishes did not taste authentic. The flavors are ok, but most of the dishes tasted the same. The service wasn't that great either. The waiter was dressed in his coat ready to leave when he gave us the check - not very professional. Will likely not come back.