Amazing food, great service, come here!!! I had the Spice End Platter. It was really delicious. Parth and Joel helped us pick the perfect dish for us and it was truly delicious. We also had some delicious Indian sodas. Come here, you won't regret it. Akshay, the chef, also came and spoke to us after our meal and was very nice and thankful. This made my day!Great food. Went there Saturday night around  1 am (Glad they are open late night!!). Had their Spice end platter which was their special with their mango lassi which was awesome. HIGHLY recommendedWish there was an option for negative rating!!! Ordered home delivery 2.5 hours back - still waiting ... The restaurant is literally 5 mins walking from my place but they can't deliver .., have been waiting on the street for last 40 mins with the driver bullshitting me that he is around and can't find parking... He is basically not in the area anywhere near and is just fooling around!!!
Ana finally when the food came - it tasted like shit. Worst Kathi roll (bad chicken in it) and worst vada pav (extremely hard) that I ever had in life!!
Never ordering from this place again!Beef tikka rolls are tasty and a great deal for 2 for $11 dollars. Their paneer is top shelf.I was looking for Indian take out spots that was open late and I came across SpiceEnd and decided to give it a try. I got the Chicken Biryinai platter it was pretty good but very spicy. The curried chicken was my favorite part, but the rice alone seemed a little dry to me. I should have read more reviews because I completely missed the hint about the white sauce and it was needed. Next time I go i'll make sure I get sauce for the rice.Excellent food at a great price, quick service, awesome hours (especially late at night), and the only place by Rittenhouse Square offering mango lassis.  Easily my favorite restaurant in the Rittenhouse area!I have always liked spice end kathi rolls and used to regularly order from them but recently their quality has been deteriorating. Yesterday a bunch of us ordered a few kathi rolls for delivery as this was the only place open until a couple of hours past midnight. I had the usual Achari Paneer roll and Vada Pav but both of them were cold and soggy by the time they reached us. I also started getting a weird stomach ache immediately after eating it and waiting long enough to finally write this review. Two stars off for the quality and whatever it was that made my stomach hurt.I'm going to break my rating rules for this place, they do everything right and consistently make good food. Been here at least thirty times and ordered delivery too. Consistency is hard to find but these guys are at the upper end of the spectrum.  
It's shack type spot, and mixes up traditional to-go Indian food with contemporary American service, customer appreciation, music and everything else. 
I don't like everything they have to offer but you really can't go wrong with the chicken tikka rolls and other basics like the veggie rolls or paneer rolls. 
The real winner here though is the mango lassi. Seriously they're not hard to make but everyone in the world makes them different and I hate the overly thin or not sweet kind. Spice End always gets the thickness and sugar level right where it should be. Extra props for the lassi. 
You might not like Indian food or shacks or whatever else is so awesome about this place but no one can argue with the fact that they've been around for a long time, are here to stay, and are definitely worth working into your Philly food rotations for the consistency and flavors alone. 
Tell them The Rizness sent you. (They won't know what that means, I literally just made it up.)Honestly this is the worst thing I've ever ordered. I'm not sure where they got their ideas of egg rolls or lamb kebabs, but they look nothing like what they should, and taste absolutely awful. The delivery guy was very high, and the only reason this is one star instead of zero.
I had to add to this. It's literally inedible. There goes $24 and my stomach lining.Stopped in for dinner tonight to check it out as it was recommended by an Indian friend of mine. He was right! The food is amazing. We both had the Chicken Tikka Roll which was amazing, and she had the Achari Paneer roll which I highly recommend too.  The sauce in the red bottle is spicy hot!! Four rolls left us stuffed!
Welcome to the neighborhood!!!I've been to NY location but this one just hit the spot. Very clean environment and awesome delicious food. I wish I lived here.A Solid Four Star Experience.  Kati Rolls, fresh ingredients wrapped in a thick pancake-like tortilla,  one I ordered was quite spicy, the other more mild.  maybe want to confirm the spice level when ordering--delicious, made with love.  the raita (white sauce) was one of the best I've had, you dispense it yourself from the condiment area.  hot sauce was super hot.  Friends had platters, which were lots of vegetables w. rice, also quite spicy.  I'll be back often, it's just the kind of reasonably priced ethnic fast food that Philly needs more of.  Friends concurred.I ordered delivery from here.. both platters were highly disappointing. The flavor was decent but there was way too much lettuce (roughly half) and the rest was rice. There was very little chicken. The pictures of the platters posted on their yelp look like there is a good amount of meat but the ones I ordered were REALLY skimpy. Also, the pictures show that they all come in a tin foil dish but mine were delivered in a small white container similar to Chinese takeout.. seemed way smaller than the foil dish. I'm not sure if they were just having an off day or if they changed their portions recently but It was way overpriced for what you get. I've had far better halal platter food for $6.. pass.I've eaten here multiple times and enjoyed each experience. The menu is cleanly laid out and I've had the Chicken Biryani and Chicken-N-Rice Platter multiple times. The white sauce tastes delicious and the hot sauce isn't bad either. It's not as spicy as Halal Guys but it does its job. The sauces are on the side and you can fill a bunch while you wait for the food. Seems like they make the food right when you order it, so there is some wait. The price is very fair for what you get so that makes me happy knowing I got full and didn't spend a ridiculous amount of money. I would definitely come here again and I recommend you guys give it a try.
TL;DR: Gets you full at a fair price, tastes delicious, made fresh so there is some wait, opens lateEasily the best thing that has happened to Philly...  I had the aloo roll and achari paneer roll and both were awesome! Cannot think of a better way end a Saturday night.If you have indian taste buds, it's not good food. Overpriced, poor quality, taste like not authentic Indian food.Best quick Indian meal in center city. The Kati Roll and rice combo for lunch is one of the best lunch deals in Philly. Strongly recommended!After three years of ordering food online from this restaurant, one day when Eat24 messed up the order time to next day, and I called the restaurant the next morning, I was asked to get in touch with Eat24 to address the snafu.
Sorry, I do not have that kind of time. As a business, you are expected to help your customer out. Sad I will not be ordering from you again, you should take more initiative in the future. 
I have no complaints about the food, it is quite good.Came here at 1:30 on a Friday (they're open until 3). Fast service, even better food. Went with the Paneer Tikka roll and Lamb Kabob roll - excellent! Tastes just as good as the original Kati roll in NYC. Make sure you grab some white sauce and hot sauce on the side. Will definitely come here againIf you travel to Philly and want something different that a cheese steak, this is a decent alternative for the price.  I had the vada pav (approx $6) which are flattened potatoes on a role and a fried garlic chutney sauce and a chicken platter ($9).  Don't let the name misguide you, there isn't much heat to the spice but very flavorful indeed.Stopped here randomly for a quick bite before a show at the Unitarian Universalist church. Loved the Spice End bowl with chicken. I am a bit of a lightweight when it comes to eating spicy foods, but this was hellfire spicy! But so good. Inexpensive and fast, too. Get 2 drinks, and enjoy!!!I go here all the time for their kathi rolls but also their other dishes. Their paneer, Chana, and aloo kathi rolls are my favorite. I also enjoy their pav bhaji! Their service is very fast and their red and white sauces are very tasty. I'll definitely go back again.I don't want you to get the wrong idea that I somehow hate onions, or that I'm overly concerned about having onion breath. I'll exhale over-enunciated words starting with the letter, "H," in peoples' faces all day with my rank hot onion breath. I don't care! That being said, I think that Spice End could stand to calm down with the mass amount of red onions in their kati rolls. That's me only slight gripe. So I ask for mine wit out. Do that if you actually do have an aversion.
I'm all about Kati roll delivery in the night. I like the Aloo paneer roll and the kinda pickle-y Achari Paneer . Sometimes I go with the kinda pickle-y Achari Chicken. Whatever roll you pick with be a nice warm crispy-while-still-soft-and-chewy paratha filled with your choice of vegetables, fresh cheese, and meat, which is then wrapped up like a little baby burrito. If you order your rolls extra spicy, you will be hooked up with extra little plastic containers of red chile sauce. It's not super hot, but I like extree.
Spice End is open late. More love for that. They're open til Midnight Sunday through Thursday and open til 3 AM Friday and Saturday. That's wonderful, I tell you. 
Buy any two rolls and get $1 off coupon on Grubhub.
Works for me as, "A bird never flew with one wing," like my classy father always likes to say.Chicken over rice w/ white sauce was legit. My GF had the Falafel over rice and it was terrible... It was definitely nuked in the microwave. It was soft and had no crunch or freshness to it. Tip for business - Throw away old food instead of heating it up in the microwave for your next customer.I had a taste for Indian food one day and didn't feel like leaving my Office for lunch.  I am so glad I found this place, I order 2-3 times a week, and usually get the spice chicken and lamb/chicken combo every time.  The food is fresh and very good, and for the price it's worth it!!.Staff was friendly and attentive. We went in for a late night meal and ordered a few different dishes. I ate the pav bhaji and egg and chicken tikka roll. Both dishes were delicious and I would definitely recommend them. I also got the mango lassi and it wasn't the best. Stick to the pav bhaji and egg chicken tikka roll and your experience will be great. Definitely worth the stop in.I've only been here once for lunch so I can't comment on consistency, but my bf and I really enjoyed our kati rolls. As newbies to the kati roll, we didn't really know what to expect, but we were craving Indian flavors and didn't want to commit to a heavy sit down meal in the middle of a hot July. 
The veggie kati and paneer kati were perfectly spiced. The bread- sort of in between a naan and paratha as far as texture goes- was really tender but sturdy enough to keep all of the ingredients inside. I do wish there were more veggies in my veggie kati, but then again I always want more veggies. 
The serving size? 1 kati was definitely enough for me, but my boyfriend thinks that 1.5-2 katis would be necessary to fill him up. 
We also ordered their chhaas to split. It's a salty buttermilk drink that was incredibly refreshing and helped cut some of the spice from our rolls. I highly recommend if you normally do the lassi thing and are looking for a little change.
I just wish this place offered a few lighter sides- like a simple cucumber or tomato salad to eat in between bites of the kati.I am totally a fan. These days my taste buds are extremely finicky, and I often find myself without a 'taste' for anything. 
I tried this place because of its Yelp reviews (thank you fellow Yelpers!), and had the chicken tikka roll and a mango lassi.
The lassi was PHENOMENAL with cardamom, thick, and not sugary. 
The roll was PERFECT with white sauce, and just as good at home when I couldn't finish it all at the super clean, super cute restaurant. 
I am going back this evening to try another chicken tikka roll and prolly try the tikka paneer as well... yummmmmzzzzzzI was so excited to try this place...we ordered on a rainy Friday night.
When I called, I specifically asked the person on the phone whether the Kati Rolls are spicy. He assured me that they were not, which I thanked him for, because I am not able to tolerate much spice at all.
When the food arrived, the vegetable Kati Roll was so hot that I almost could not eat it. All three rolls we ordered were slathered in this spicy green chutney.
Next time, I will specifically ask for NONE of that...but I just don't understand why he didn't warn me about that. I mean, I asked.I ordered the chicken and rice platter and paid.  I then asked for a cup of water.  They refused to give me a cup of water and pointed to the beverage case.  I know restaurants make money on beverages, but I can't believe a restaurant can refuse a paying customer a cup of water.  
The menu said the platter of chicken and rice comes with lettuce and pita.  What it did not say was that a generous amount of yogurt sauce would be squeezed all over the chicken.  I can't blame them -- the chicken was surprisingly bland given the restaurant's name.  But I didn't want yogurt sauce on my chicken.  Adding insult to the injury was the gigantic squeeze bottle of yogurt sauce they brought to my table.  If you are going to give me a quart of yogurt sauce, why did you squirt sauce all over the chicken already?  Also, if you give away the yogurt sauce for free, why can't you give away a cup of water?  Could I trade the yogurt sauce for the water?  
I probably should have gone with one of the rolls, since those seem to be well reviewed, but I'm never going to bother returning to try them.
EDIT 7/31/13 (changed rating from one star to three):  With all the positive reviews of the rolls, I just had to try them, and they are good.  I've been back twice. Particularly like the aloo.  Every time I go, though, I ask for a cup of water, and then ask why they won't give me one.  One time they told me they had "issues."  I asked what that meant, and they said people were spilling the cups of water.  I guess the other beverages never spill?  I was tempted to say, "Give me a cup of water -- I'll give you five bucks if I spill it."  The next time I was told the policy exists because "this is fast food" and it would slow things down if they had to bring me a cup of water.  Frankly, none of this is credible. Whatever. 
In sum: go with the rolls; skip the flavorless chicken platter; fight the power and politely urge them to give you a cup of water.Great for some Indian food if you live nearby. I got takeout a few times just because I was close by, and it satisfied by Indian cravings for dinner each time.We were in the mood for Kati rolls. Coming in, the restaurant is modern and clean. The chicken pieces are tender and the roti is well made. The rolls are flavorful and can be spiced well with the available hot sauce. We will definitely be back. Don't forget to get the white sauce on the side, it takes the roll to the next level. It helps to call ahead and make your order, so you can walk right in and pick it up.Very tasty authentic food. Fast takeout service. Recommend the Gobi Cauliflower and spicy chicken dishes. Will try again.I have worked barely half a block away from Spice End for nearly 2 and a half years and had never gone in till now. Tonight I desperately needed a change from the usual sandwiches around the corner deli. I got the Chicken Tika Roll and it was tasty. Lots of flavor and well made, not at all messy. The roll had almost no filler with generous chunks of chicken. Price is reasonable $5.95 plus tax which is on par for say a hoagie. The staff was extremely friendly and explained the sauces they had available and what they best recommended for what I got. I sadly just had the roll and nothing else, the Mango Lassi drinks were in a display cooler and looked delicious. Will have to try one next time and the Chana Masala Roll.whatever you do, don't ask for simple glass of ice water.  they insist on maxing the agua-profit and forcing you to purchase bottled water.  
kinda makes you wonder... could they be cutting other corners to max profits????
suck an egg Spice End!They don't know how to do business period.  Ordered for delivery waited 40 minutes.  Called and they told me they have my number and address but done have my order. Then they said I must of ordered from somewhere  else which  doesn't make sense and is very disappointing because I order from there all the time. I literally ordered from there yesterday. Lost a great customer.I am from NY and have always been a big fan of The Kati Roll Company. 
Spice End, believe it or not, IMHO is better. They have more options, they are cheaper, they provide two sauces when mixed together in the right proportions are the ultimate dipping sauce. 
Spice End is a great addition to the Rittenhouse Area (esp. late night). Not great for dieters, but definitely very tasty.Good taste but when I opened my delivery bag, I didn't find my beverage.I ordered a chicken tikka wrap, but it wasnt chicken tikka. It wasn't seasoned in tandoori season- it wasn't red. It was just spiced chicken wrap. Not authentic Indian food at all.Located in Downtown Chestnut St.
Been here along with my Colleagues.
We have ordered Falafel and Chicken Biryani.
Falafel is not as good as Philly's street food. But it's definitely or bad.
Chicken Biryani was the best part and the masala was too good and taste like authentic.
Not all can make this. It taste like a real Hyderabadi Biryani.
Mango Lassi was as usually awesome.
Overall decent place to have Chicken Biryani.Pleasantly surprised. 
I had no idea what a kati  was before going here, glad I tried it though. A kati is essentially a wrap filled with Indian food. Spice End is a great option for a quick lunch. They are open until 3am on weekends so it would make an excellent post-bar snack as well. 
My recommendation is to get 2 rolls, if I only had one I would have left hungry. I went with the Chicken Tikka and Paneer Tikka. Both were very good. They also offer platters with traditional Indian food. 
Very good place, so happy I tried it.This place is great choice for indian food. The vada pav truly reminds me of mumbai! Also love their biriyani and paneer tikka kati rolls.I ordered the chicken biryani and maybe I had too high of an expectation but I was not impressed. I found the dish definitely lacked in flavor all across the board. The marinated chicken had no distinct flavor, the rice was bland in seasoning and I had to use 3 sides of white sauce to give a small amount of life to the dish. I have had better flavor from the food carts. $9.95 for tasteless rice and meat, that is customarily packed with flavor, I will not be back.I'm pretty sure I've come here once or twice a week for the past few weeks. I love their chicken or spice end platter. Pretty consistent on flavor. The chicken isn't as oily or heavy as other places have. I also always replace rice with extra lettuce so I save on carbs! (While tricking my self conscious that I'm eating somewhat more healthier..). I've never had their Kati rolls or mango lassi but my friend says they are good. Prices are average- definitely not cheap but definitely filling! I'm sure this is a hot spot for drunk food.I usually hit up New Delhi when in the mood for Indian but I saw the reviews of this place and headed up to try it out. I got the lamb and beef rolls and a falafel platter.
The red sauce is good but the white sauce is amazing! The lamb was nice and spicy and the beef was delicious. The falafel was quite good as well. Even my friend who doesn't normally like falafel had seconds.I'm a fan of the new place on the block Spice End! When I'm out and about and need to grab something on the go or right before I head home after a late night, this is the place to stop. Needless to say their hours are clutch and the 3am friday/saturday night closing time is a clutch move in this area of the city.
In a rush I grab the paneer roll. If I have time to sit down and eat I grab the chicken biryani platter and have them add paneer to that as well! 
PS. They are on grub hub and deliver :)Spice End has become my favorite on-the-go meal. It's quick, cheap, filling and delicious. At this point I think I've tried all the vegetarian rolls and would highly recommend the achari paneer roll and the aloo paneer roll. They are both the perfect amount of all the right flavors. The plain aloo roll has too much aloo and the paneer tikka roll is kinda dry and has too much paneer. The white sauce is a great side and if you like spicy then go for a little bit of the red. It's extremely spicy. They have a lunch special for around $7 that include biryani that I have yet to try, but that sounds like a steal to me. If you're ever in the area def stop by!Indian Burritos! How can you miss? The Kati are not very big; you could eat 2 if you're really hungry. The place just opened, and it feels like they've hit the ground running and well prepared. I had the paneer and pickle Kati. Really tastyA solid place for a quick meal for not too much $. I recommend the falafel platter. Good sized portions as well! Also, not super spicy for those with a more sensitive pallet/stomach.They're vegan friendly, but the quality of food is below average. Definitely not worth the price.Haven't been very impressed. Tried chicken biryani, which was quite spicy (good) but fairly light in flavor otherwise. Not to mention they serve it with some cheap cut mass produced pitas.
Chicken and rice platter was even less flavorful, but not any worse than Halal Guys so... it is what it is.Excellent, true authentic Indian street food. We tried many dishes and they tasted just like in India. Definitely come in and try.So good, potato tikki kati roll and paneer kati roll were fantastic. The consistency of the fillings and spice level were perfect. The achari sauce is something I've never had, mixed with their "white sauce" (ranch-ish) was addictive.Spice end is a great place for fast casual Indian food. Mix of Kati Rolls and Rice platters. They have a spicy red sauce and an awesome white sauce. You need lots of white sauce!
Definitely get a couple of Kati Rolls and a mango lassi.At Spice End on Chestnut street, there are a whole bunch of kati rolls to choose from, including vegetarian options.Kati rolls are around $6 each. Any 2 are $11, so I went with that.One roll is not quite enough for lunch and 2 is a bit too much, so possibly bring a friend and share 3?
The beef tikka roll had great flavor. The paratha itself had the right density, almost on the level of the Kati Roll Company of NYC. However, the meat was way too chewy-disappointing. Better, was the lamb kebab in Indian spices. The  flatbead encased  ground, savory lamb with a little bit of spice. Need more? A red fiery sauce comes on the side for you. Are you more sensitive to spice?  A cooling white sauce is also available.The Best kathi rolls outside of India. Amazinggggg!!!! Try their new location too. South & 7thAbsolutely delicious food at a great price. Service was great too. The presentation is poor but don't let that fool you-- the food is divine.Anytime I'm in Philly I always try my best to get the Chicken Biryani! The flavor is amazing and the right amount of heat! I could eat two orders If I wanted. Give it a try but I haven't tried anything else so hard to say how the rest of the food is.Yes! a late night option in Rittenhouse besides the regular pizza spot or worse, McD.
I ordered the chicken on rice platter, and while not especially tasty nor as cheap as those from a food truck, it was satisfying. The chicken was well flavored with a creamy white sauce, extra white sauce and red sauce on the side. Be warned though that the red sauce is especially hot, and a little will go a long way. To my delight, the platter came with not only rice, but also 4 small slices of naan - soft, chewy and delicious.
More than enough food for a late night craving, the leftovers will go towards tomorrow's lunch. For orders of $15 or more, they will deliver.Got a chicken and lamb platter to go. The meat comes shredded, which I don't love, I'd rather have pieces to bite into. It tasted ok, but not great. The portion was a good size. Service was pretty good, very friendly. If it's a quick lunch you're looking for, I think you can find better options close to this place.I just moved to Philadelphia and was looking for some good, quick takeout. It was late on a Sunday night so not much was open and I stumbled upon this place. The food was FANTASTIC and they were extremely friendly. The only complaint I had was that the dish I ordered was way too spicy for me but that's because I'm a wuss when it comes to spicy food! :PReally good kati rolls. Priced around $5.95 each; but $1 off if you buy two. Yes the Chicken Tikka was delicious; as was the Aloo paneer. Bread was great; fillings were nicely seasoned. The Aloo  Paneer reminded me of  samosa filling (sans peas), but the paneer was a nice touch. Chicken was flavorful white meat, but had a few chewy,gristly pieces. One roll is  definitely not enough; two is quite filling. A bit pricey for lunch; but very enjoyable.
Cons:
Sauces were just OK. Red sauce is hot, but has not much flavor besides chilis. White sauce tasted mostly like mayo.Would prefer something more tangy; like a raita. Not enough cilantro chutney or onions in the rolls.This place is terrific!  Delicious, cheap, relatively fast Indian food.  I absolutely loved every meal I have had here especially their Paneer Kati Roll.  Absolutely amazing.Great food, great service. I work around the corner and since discovering this place, I've brought in 10+ coworkers. (I should get a finder's fee!) The only thing I've ever had is the chicken Kati roll & chicken biryani lunch special- because it's SO good. I've gone with people who've ordered platters and other things and they thoroughly enjoyed them. I do wish they had a lunch special loyalty program- buy 10, get one free or something? The lunch specials are $7.50 each and I always have leftovers for the next day. Great deal!I love the lamb and chicken platter. The hot sauce is great, but the white sauce tastes like ranch dressing which is odd. I always ask for extra lettuce and they've always been generous with it. Fast service, tasty food, and nice people. One of the best Indian places in the city for sure.Loved it! Husband and I ordered an aloo paneer roll and a tikka paneer roll with a mango lassi, just the right amount of food for 2 moderately hungry appetites. Very generous with the paneer, which had fantastic grilled flavor. Both rolls were delicious but seasoning in the Tikka Paneer roll was my favorite. The white sauce they came with was yummy, beware the red sauce though, it was pretty hot! And prices were very reasonable. Quite happy we discovered this place, we'll definitely be back.I am staying at a bed and breakfast in center city and called in a late order for delivery. The food was amazing and the delivery service was truly exceptional. I mistakenly muted my phone and did not know they arrived but the driver waited patiently until I realized my error. The paneer and chicken rolls were superb. Highly recommended for take-out and I look forward to eating in!!I like their platters! I typically get the paneer one which is good! I tend to go here late night when I get the munchies after a night out LOVE the white sauce!!!I have ordered from Spice End in the past and always really enjoyed their Indian fair. It's different than most Indian restaurants that serve the same heavy dishes. Here they offer some of those dishes in wrap form that are quite delicious but also offer, chicken and lamb platters that are very well seasoned and delicious. The restaurant is BYOB and a little shabby but the food is delicious and cheap.If you are Asian, the casher will ask you if you are from China. He thinks all the Asian people are coming from there. Thanks for ruining my day, Racist. PS my platter is a meh.This was the worst Indian Food I've ever had. I got a Chicken Tikka Roll that was actually dried chicken inside a piece of roti. There was no flavor and it was definitely not worth the $7 I paid. The building itself is a shabby, dank place that smells a bit off. Overall I would not recommend this place to anyone and I certainly will not be going back.Delicious kati rolls! We tried the lamb kabob and paneer roll to go. I would highly recommend both. Great place to come for a snack or quick bite. The person who was at the front was extremely friendly and went over the menu. Definitely going back.Being away from home, it's natural for us indian girls to start craving the quintessential indian food - biriyani. And mango lassi. And let me tell you, spice end does not disappoint! Their chicken biriyani is one of the best in the town and I am absolutely in love. In fact, their biriyani is so good I've never had the chance to try anything else off the menu despite having been to spice end at least once a month since they opened.The place is ok in every sense. It is more like a fast food place, but you do not get your food fast. Platters are big, you get full very fast. The taste is not great but not bad either. It is clean and quiet.First off, if you are visiting this place right now, check-in on Yelp and get the 10% discount. I did not, and also clearly didn't see the other reviews. I only realized after I'd paid. But anyway, on to my review... 
I got the lunch special for $7 and some change. I believe it all came to roughly $8. This was a chicken tikka roll (basically a chicken wrap) and vegetable biryani. I love Indian food, so the notion of chicken tikka inside bread, which is how it's basically consumed anyway, was just too great to pass up. It's a great idea in theory but needs a little work on the execution. I'm with others who thought there needed to be a little extra in the way of moisture for the roll. There seemed to be a green sauce inside, but for the parts that it didn't touch, I needed white sauce. After adding that, the roll got better. I am used to my chicken tikka drenched in sauce so perhaps the changeover from a standalone meal to a roll just didn't translate well in that way. I guess they didn't want a soggy wrap. Other than that, the biryani was very moist and delicious. There was free wifi, the portions were decent with leftovers to spare. There was free sauce on the side. 
All-in-all, I'd give it a second chance and use my discount.Philly has needed a place like this for sooo long. If you miss chicken and rice or kati rolls from nyc this place will fulfill your needs and then some. The best chicken lamb and rice platter in philly, white and hot sauce that rival nycs 53rd and 6th. Kati rolls that are perfect. Open late night, perfect for post clubbin and delivers late. Philly just got enhanced!Poor crowd. Poor management. The food is a copy of the NYC food carts. And it is more expensive than NYC. Lack of seating space. The hot sauce is watered down version of Sriracha.It's an average place. Don't expect it to be the best kathi rolls ever.This is without a doubt my favorite chicken and rice spot. They have a good variety in their menu and the prices are average, and they are open late. I feel that there chicken and rice platter is not as greasy as other places but still packs the flavor so you don't feel as sluggish after eating.Nice addition to the area and a new spot to add to my lunch rotation.  I enjoyed both the chicken tikka kati and the mixed vegetable kati.  The mixed vegetable had way more flavor and spice and my carnivorous self has a hard time admitting I liked it a whole lot more than the chicken.
I agree with other reviewers....the hot sauce is good but could use more flavor (garlic, onion, something) and the white sauce similarly neededs a little something more.   Also, would be nice to have an appetizer size portion of something on menu - samosa?  and/or a side salad to have when just having kati.  One kati was not enough but two was too many.  
I'm definitely going back.