Attended a private event here on a Friday night.  They did a great job.  It has a funky, eclectic vibe.  There is a big bar, soft seating and lots of ping pong tables.  All the employees are friendly and embrace the vibe.  Some employees are dedicated to simply gathering rogue ping pong balls with a net.  We had lots of sliders - I liked crab cake and spicy veg wrapped in lettuce best.  There were many passed items too with mac & chz balls hitting the spot, I don't eat beef but folks raved about the bite size brisket.  There were assorted chips and dips that has lots of flavor.  Lots of photo opps for fun; oversized paddles with cut outs for your face and a bathtub full of balls.  It would make a fun night out.  We had a DJ, but I think they normally do when open to the public.  Enjoy!!This place is SO FUN!
I was looking for something to do for my birthday. I'm pregnant, and going to a bar seemed like a snooze. While this place is a bar, it's much more of an experience. SPiN is a ping pong bar! For $39 per hour during peak times, you and nine friends can rent a ping pong table  and listen to a great mix of music. The food is fabulous, and my virgin drinks were great, too!
If you suck, no worries. Employees pick up all wayward balls. They have a cool little contraption, so seriously, just let them fly.
The crowd was very diverse. Tons of younger and older people, but everyone seemed to be having a blast.  The food was delicious. Those who got burgers complained they were charred to death, but my salad was super fancy and filling for a bar!
My group was big and they ate a large selection of menu items. Reasonable prices and no other complaints. I tried anything meatless and loved it.
This place is a nice take on nightlife of you are itching for something to DO and are sick of bowling and billiards.
Located directly across the street from Max Brenner.I have been here for a corporate event I organized and also with just a few friends. 
The girl I worked with on the corporate event (Amanda) was a pure pleasure. She was communicative and responsive which I appreciated. The food was great and I loved that we could play to our hearts desire without having to pick up any of the ping pongs (there are guys retrieving strays). 
The only negative was that we did not receive a cocktail/wine/beer drink menu, when we arrived, which I thought was weird. I like having a visual and not thinking on the spot for a cocktail I want the bartender to make. The other thing was our server was never around so it was hard to order drinks when our group wanted. At one point, I asked someone to find our server. 
Inattentiveness was also the issue during our second visit with friends. We sat at the bar and it IMPOSSIBLE to get the guy's attention for a drink both for initial drinks and additional rounds. It was weird he wouldn't make eye contact but had no problems chatting with other bartenders. 
I am excited to go back and play with friends (it was too packed with holiday parties when we went). I just hope service (servers and bar) improves.This place is an interesting concept. I was at first hesitant to come here because eating and drinking are my main priorities and I'm suspicious of anything that siphons attention from either of those activities. 
Much to my pleasant surprise, the ping pong part doesn't really siphon any attention away. There is a large elevated 360 bar area in the center of the action, surrounded by ping pong tables.  
I made my way over to the bar to meet my companion. Bar stool back rests allow for secure hanging of purses, umbrellas, and/or coats. 
You are greeted with both drink menu and food menu (yasssss). Cocktails, beers, wines, all the good shit. The food menu has classic bar fare (guac, fries) with some interesting additions (mac and cheese quesadilla). 
I went with a classic guinness to start. Companion and I decided to order an app and were between the guac and mac and cheese quesadilla. We asked the bartender for his expert suggestion and he proposed the guac. Interesting. 
Chips were a bit stale and the guac was acceptable/adequate. My companion is from socal so again, standards are high and he was disappointed. I feel grateful these days for being from NY which only really does pizza and bagels spectacularly but everything else is just goodish. I am able to enjoy subpar Mexican food that much more. 
Anyways, the guac inspired us to go to a real mexican place for some marginally improved mexican food so we never had a chance to check out the pong. I see on some reviews that the pong is expensive but is a nice option once eating and drinking gets boring.RESERVE A TABLE ahead of time if you want to play some major ping pong. There's a good time of waiting if you don't on the weekends. This place has great vibes and something definitely different for philly peeps but staffing needs some work still.
There were a total of 3 bartenders on a packed friday night; 2 at the big bar in the center and 1 in the bar in the back. I legit waited 25 minutes until someone took my order and I heard no apology or anything. I finally got a "backspin" drink and it was half full but no point in complaining if I have to wait another 25 minutes.
I got a table with a server and not once did she take our drink order; I didn't see her actually until she came to tell me I had 10 minutes left on my table... when it hadn't even been a full hour yet. I told her that she was wrong and we just got our table and we actually have 40 MINUTES LEFT and then she apologized and then i didn't see her again until she told us our time was done.
I think with some work on staffing and customer service this place is on its way to a 5 star.
I have a reservation this Friday for a birthday so i'm hoping we'll have better luck!Spin is really fun depending on whose the DJ. I came here in April for my cousins bday. The DJ played mainly hip-hop and modern music. It was so litt! I love the ping-pong tables and bath full of balls. The ambiance is so beautiful! Plenty of room to dance, mingle, sit etc. I went to Spin a couple of weeks ago and the music was trash. Played a lot of techno and house music. There were barely any people there. But we make the best time out of anything. It was fun playing ping pong but it's safe to see this isn't an every weekend type of bar. Gonna do my research before going next time lolThis is my first bar experience so my review is mainly for the few things I tried on Friday. I went to this bar on Friday because my friend's boyfriend works here and I thought it would be fun for my first bar experience. Overall, it was good. I would rate this more of a 3.5 stars than 4. I had several of the "Perfect Life" drinks and a SPiN burger with fries. I  thought the burger was pretty good, but took extremely long to arrive. My friend had her pop pop chicken almost half an hour before I finally got my burger. But, the sauce was great! I wasn't a huge fan of the drinks, nor the prices. Then again, I've never been to a bar before so I'm not sure if drinks are typically $13 for 2 oz worth of alcohol. Lol. Apparently the "Perfect Life" is supposed to be the most alcoholic drink on the menu, and four drinks in, I was hardly tipsy. There was also a huge event going on with Bumble where you'd get a free drink if you had the dating app on your phone, but I had no idea about this event beforehand. The bar was pretty crowded, as one would expect for a Friday night. I also didn't try the ping pong so I wouldn't be able to comment on that.This place is a lot of fun. My dad loves ping pong so I brought my parents. He loved that the tables where Olympic quality. I love the fact that you never have to bend down to pick up balls. Food was great. I had old bay wings, burger, roast pork sandwich waffle fries and truffle fries. The thuck cut bacon in the burger was a huge hit. I think they have carmilized onions! One of the better burgers in the city for sure. The host was nice and friendly. Definitely recommend this spot.Difficult to find but once you do it's a really cool spot. The venue has a great vibe, wayyyyy larger than you would expect and it kinda has an urban loft feel with exposed beams and dim lights. The bar serves your typical draft beers, house wines, and a good number of cocktails. Didn't try the food but it looked pretty good. Played a round of ping pong which was fun however slightly over priced, if you can go off peak for a more affordable game. Overall I would recommend this place for a fun date night with a competitive twist or to hang out with friends.Fun atmosphere, think when people aren't waiting for a table to play the timer could be extended for those playing.Superb ambiance and service. Must go-to for all ping pong fans. My gf and i stopped by here after hearing some buzz from co- workers and it was a fantastic experience...especially when you get the 'red room'. Whether you come here for a date, chill night w/ friends, or a corporate event - you're bound to have a good time @ SPiN.I love the atmosphere here. The cocktails are brilliantly designed in-house. The aesthetics have such a great Philly vibe with featured local artists. The staff are amazing! We ordered several options from the appetizer menu and loved every single one of them. This place is also great for groups, I went with a few buddies and we all had a great time playing ping pong.Someone stole my jacket while playing. Manager hesitant to help even though there were cameras everywhere. Manager was rude and unconcerned. After some convincing they looked at footage and cannot determine who took my jacket. Very disappointing. Won't go back.I went to SPiN early on a Friday evening. It wasn't packed with people yet which was a nice surprise. Drinks and prices were pretty standard. I thought the atmosphere would be a little more fun, but it could have been the timing. Overall, it was a decent experience, but I wasn't overly impressed.I didn't know what to expect from a ping pong bar/restaurant. I can't remember the last time I even played table tennis. Needless to say, I was rusty so it's good there was an endless supply of balls. I had more fun than if I went to a bowling alley or billiards. I think SPiN would be a good place to celebrate a birthday or hang out with friends or for Happy Hour. After 6pm, it's 21 years and up. If you go between Friday and Sunday, it's $39 an hour for a table, "first come, first serve". It's cheaper to go before 4pm or after 10pm where it's only $29 an hour. You can book your table online too so you don't have to wait but it's $59 an hour. 
They have a large main bar and a smaller side bar in the back. I tried one of their specialty cocktails: That Gin Jawn for $13. It was very drinkable, I ended up ordering two. But besides cocktails they have a small selection of beer. I had a few of their appetizers too: the Guacamole, the Spin Twist, the Mac & Cheese Quesadilla, and the Beef & Bacon Sliders. The Guac was good but nothing special and it cost $11. I'd rather save that money and put it towards another cocktail. The Spin Twist is one of their housemade pretzels for $6 that comes with cider cheese and whole grain mustard. I would have ordered two. The $10 Quesadilla was really good and something I've never had before. More restaurants need to look into serving these. Mmm a crispy tortilla filled with gooey cheese and chewy macaroni served with a chipotle crema. And lastly, my least favorite was the Sliders. You only get two in an order along with shoestring fries. The Sliders were sauce-less, luckily I had leftover chiptole crema from my dilla to use and dip my fries in. Overall, the food wasn't bad but I would probably just order drinks and the Mac & Cheese Quesadilla next time.
I'll be back, after all I need to get my picture taken in the bathtub full of ping pong balls.Fun spot! Great vibe and dope staff. Ash Heckard is an AWESOME bartender!Super fun! We had a large group and they gave us a very cool private room. The food is pretty good, and the ping pong per hour charge is very reasonable with a bigger group. We had a really great time, but be prepared on the weekends to wait for a long table.We hosted a group here for a birthday party with a group of 14. We absolutely loved the place, and were super pleased with the service we got once we set up. At first, we were hesitant to host a group event here with the open bar package because of the negative reviews stating how the servers were very inattentive. Our experience couldn't have been more positive. Our server, Jenna, was super attentive and all around amazing, constantly checking in with us to make sure we're okay and to ask us if we need more drinks. We came on 5/5/18 and had our party from 7-9 pm. By the time we left it was starting to get more crowded, so I'd imagine if you're trying to do an event later in the night during the weekend, your mileage may vary. Our event manager, Nina, was also super helpful and flexible with negotiating our contract.  
All around we had a great time and would recommend it to anyone considering hosting a group event here.Super chill spot if you're looking for something out of your normal nightlife elements. Good thing about this place is you don't have to be an expert at table tennis to come here. The bartender was super cool and even made a specialty drink for us while looking at the ingredients through our phone. My girlfriend mistakenly dropped her drink and the staff was kind enough to ask her for another even though it was her mistake. Good service goes a long way and will definitely return!RESERVE A TABLE if you want guaranteed right to play. I recommend to come with a group, but if you like riding solo, you do you :) Unfortunately, my friends and I didn't have the chance to play. However, the place itself has hip aesthetic, attentive bars, DJ & dance floor, and lots of balls to play with  Def a younger audience vibe. Dress code, ranging from casual-chic to dressed up. Diverse groups of people gather here, which is what I really liked the most4 stars for vibe and atmosphere. The drink I ordered (The Perfect Life) was terrible (and even more terrible for $14). The food menu was very limited. A cute place to have fun and take photos, but eat and drink before you go!Spin, you had be spinning with excitement from the beginning! Absolutely love this place and had an amazing night the first time I came here a few weeks ago.  Location wise you can find Spin, in the heart of center city, near &pizza (great place for your drunk pizza needs) and beneath the WeWork building in the basement. Once inside, you will be greeted by the staff for your ping pong needs if you are interested. Rates are different depending on the time you visit (peak for example is $22 per half hour/$39 for the hour - mainly during the weekends and 5-10pm during the week).  After picking your ping pong options if you choose to play, the staff will show you to your table. Luckily, my friend and I were able to get the private room "Red Room" where all the decor was colored ...you guessed it...red. Besides the private room, there are huge spacious bars inside serving tons of alcohol options from beer to wine to cocktails and food. With any ping pong reservation, you are assigned a server who will come and take your order so you don't have to worry about wasting your ping pong time. When your time is up, the server will come to close you out with any food/alcohol/ping pong tab. 
Besides the ping pong itself, the remainder of the decor inside is very Philly festive and represents the city very well. Entertainment wise, during this Friday night they had a DJ spinning all the latest  records on the Top 40 charts with ping pong contests on the main stage. 
Highly recommend Spin to anyone looking for a fun night out! I'm sure I will be back myself before I know it. 
Happy Hour - Monday thru Friday 5-7pm.  Food ($4-$6) & Drinks ($5-$8).Fun spot for a casual night out. Good music. We went on a Friday night and it wasn't too packed. Perfect number of people and we got a table pretty quicklyVery cool place with a great vibe.  I'm mean really ...... bar, great food, great music and PING PONG!?  What else could you ask for?   Nothing else like it in the city and prime for all occasions.  I will definitely be spending a lot more time here. 
Allen BThis is a really cool concept. This place is very trendy and cool. This place is great for a date night, groups, and happy hour. You don't even need to know how to play ping pong.Impressive space, well done. Drink prices are a bit higher but for that area, pretty reasonable. My husband, our friends and I went for the Halloween party and since ping pong isn't our forte, we probably wouldn't have checked it out otherwise. The bartenders were very nice and quick even with a busy bar. The only complaint I have is that the costume contest was clearly rigged, I know it doesn't really matter but it was annoying nonetheless (if you have a costume contest, be real about it). The DJ was incredible, the staff was efficient and friendly. I would definitely come back.Never texted us with our table and the front staff were extremely rude. I would not recommend this place. Was excited to visit from NYC but it was clearly not worth it.Such a great place for date night! I came here Sat night with a group of friends and we were surprised at how fun the atmosphere was. There are ping pong tables on all sides with two bar stations. 
The only downside was they didnt have much alcohol selections, no Hennessy, Jack, or Rum. Anything we asked for the bartender replied with "we dont have ____".  we were super confused why everything was done or unavailable on a Saturday night. Also the drinks are on the pricey side. Nonetheless I'll deff give SPiN another shotWent here for my friend's 21st birthday party, and it was one of my most unpleasant bar experiences to date. Upon arrival, they rejected my VALID ID, immediately threatening to kick me out if I continued to persist that I was 21. Of the 9 people in our group, 5 got kicked out for underage drinking. Two of them were kicked out because they claimed we were sharing drinks with each other. All of us are 21 or 22. The entire time, it seemed like they were looking for reasons to kick us out of the bar, and they pounced on every opportunity they "saw". Even when they would serve drinks to us, the service was horrendous. The bartender was rude, slow, and gave my friend the wrong drink 3 times IN A ROW. If you're looking for the only bar in Philadelphia that doesn't serve 21 year olds, you've found it. If you actually want to enjoy your night, look elsewhere.Great spot for ping-pong, table tennis and grabbing a beer and people watching. They have one TV and it's in a private/reserve area. It would be a great sports bar if they had TVs over the bar.I might be biased because I'm Taiwanese, but ping pong + food/drinks = win!
In the basement of the Verizon/WeWork building, it's in prime Center City location. It is capacious, with close to 20 total ping pong tables, and part of the space carved out as a VIP room and the Red Room (which is apparently unique to the Philadelphia location and another bookable private room), and a central elevated bar where you can just hang. 
I've only been here once but had a blast. We walked in and got a table for one hour during "peak hours" (different rates are set depending on time of the day/week, i.e. Saturday/Sunday at any given time is considered peak where as before 5PM on a Wednesday is off-peak) for $39 hourly rate. There's a waiter/waitress who comes by and takes drink/food orders. I love the wall decor behind our table, which features a Rocky themed art piece (homage to our city of brotherly love) and another w/ Fast and Furious reference (all of my friends know this is my favorite movie franchise...and I'm sorry I digress). It is also amazing with the big buckets of balls and staff who comes by periodically to net the balls on the floor and return them to your bucket, one can just focus on your paid time of unadulterated fun and hone in on your drunk ping pong skills :P
Apparently you can also book ping pong lessons and tournaments here. One of my friends was challenged to a game by an employee here. If our friend had won we would have gotten a round of free drinks for our entire party. Unfortunately his valiant effort fell short...
I'm in the middle of trying to see if I can book a private event here for my wedding after party. Hopefully an updated review to come in the future!Fantastic cocktails with a mixture of entertainment and fun. Great music, even better bartenders. Had the pleasure of having Baasil as our bartender. Next time you're in, ask for him!Update: Management did contact me to offer a refund. I will update this review if and when, on my next visit. 
Came here for my friend's birthday party on Saturday and we had a horrible experience. I bumped it up from 1 to 2 stars  purely for good service once we got inside from the bartenders and hosts.
We arrived at 9:56pm for our reservations at 10:00pm, half of our guests were already inside. When I arrived, including myself there were only 6 people standing in line. I opened the door to talk to the security/ bouncer and stated we had a reservation under my friend's name at 10pm , gave  him the name and he said " it doesn't matter, it's packed down there, it's completely full. you have to wait for people to leave before we can let you in"..... Strike 1. Minutes pass, and now the line is like 10-20 people full and everyone is also opening the door trying to get in but the bouncer says the same thing he told me ( they all said they had reservations too). 
Now literally 20-40 people walk out, and so I open the door and ask if enough people left so we can go in ( it's now 10:15pm we have reservations from 10-11) and he said " it doesn't matter, I have to wait for the manager to come up and approve you guys to come in" .... what is the point of reservations now if we can't get in when we arrived early/ on time?!? We're pretty livid at this point.
The manager finally comes up and lets us in at 10:30pm. We go into the hostess to check in for our table and she says that we're late... and that our reservations started at 10:00pm. I give her the whole schpiel I outlined above and said that WE were here on time, but they wouldn't let us in for 30 minutes!! She listened and said that we were the 5th people to say the same thing , and apologized. I knew it wasn't HER fault but we were livid, seeing as we were already charged for the full hour. She said the only way she could give us the other 30 minutes was for a table at 12:15am. So basically we had a 1030-11pm, waited for 1 hour and 15 minutes for another 30 minute table. It ruined the rest of our plans for the night, and my friends birthday. 
I will say that once we got inside, it's pretty cool inside - lots of tables, roomy and the best part is you don't have to go chasing/ picking up the balls, they have designated staff to help you with that.
However, the experience of getting in was so abysmal , and made us all so incredibly angry that I don't know that any of us will return.Central location , ping pong tables / paddles / all top notch and well organized . Good selection of drinks and apps, well priced compared to lucky strip. Fun place to goI came here on Friday night for "Player's Night." The place was very lively and the DJ played good music. For a drink, I tried the seasonal mule and I was very satisfied. For food, I decided to get the Vietnamese lettuce wraps with shrimp, it was tasty but a little messy - I loved the vinaigrette sauce. Definitely recommend if you/your group enjoy ping pong and a lively atmosphere.Visited Spin last night!  Loved it...staff and service were wonderful and accommodating.  The interior was very well done.  Add to that great music and industrial decor which delivered a very cool vibe.  The only reason I opted for 4 stars - not 5 is because it's a bit pricey.  Maybe with a little creativity there can be some deals swung for those who want to play but not have pockets that are so deep.  I'll definitely return!Spin is a ping pong social club/bar/restaurant originally co-founded by actress Susan Sarandon. It includes 17 Olympic-grade ping pong tables, graffiti murals, a full bar, a bathtub filled with ping pong balls, scratch-and-sniff wallpaper, a DJ booth, and bleachers for watching the ping pong pros in action.
Ping pong tables are rented by the half hour or hour for $15 to $59 based on if you're there during peak hours or slow times of the day. So it can be pretty pricey if you're there on a Saturday night like I was, but the atmosphere is very fun and the DJ plays great music. 
I heard the food was great but I only tried the cocktails which were delicious.Came to SPIN for a friend's 21st birthday--that was our big mistake. When we arrived to the venue, the bouncers rejected the *real* IDs of several members of our party, insisting that they were underage and threatening to remove us from the premises if they persisted. And that was just the start of the evening. Over the course of the night, the bouncers continued coming up to different members of our party and rechecking IDs, clearly just seeking an excuse to kick us out. On the rare occasion that we weren't being hassled by the bouncers, the service was still awful. The bar staff was slow and would loudly make comments about the appearances of members of our party as if we weren't even there. For those looking  for a fun bar experience in Philly, save your money, there are better options elsewhere.First of all, ping pong is awesome. Second, this place made it fun to play, learn, and socialize. Way better than your parent's basement.
Maddie was our server and she's the reason we extended our time. She volunteered to take action pictures of us and tried to play matchmaker to the cute guys that were playing next to us. Will definitely be requesting her when we come back.SPIN is a cool vibe. If you enjoy ping pong with friends, drinks, and cool music, you'll enjoy this place. There are ping pong tables placed in various areas where you can buy time and play with friends. Staff will frequently collect many ping pong balls on the floor with this sweeper net thing that's super efficient. I was there briefly with a bachelorette party, so I didn't get to play or fully experience the scheme. However, given my initial impression, I wouldn't mind returning. There's lots of seating around and dim lighting. I saw various ages there, with the youngest group in mid-twenties and oldest maybe later forties, so it's a fair mix.I really wanted to like this place, but it seemed it was there job was to make me never want to come back.
First off, we were sitting at a table and they made us put our coats on unless we wanted to pay for coat check....we had already been there for two hours....
Secondly, we paid for an hour of ping pong, after 30 minutes we  wanted to extend the $40 an hour rate, but ohhh no, they took our paddles mid game and made us stand around awkwardly while no one filled out spot. 
Food - Mediocre at best
Drinks - fine
Service - Horrific
Management - seemed to go out of their way to make it difficult 
Verdict: nice idea, poorly executed. I wouldn't ever come back here, even if it was comped. F*ck this place.Environment: Great place. At first skeptical walking down into a night club greeted by gentlemen in suits and women at the desk. The environment is what steals this place away just from the different people here (hipsters, executives, locals, etc.) with different little pockets inside that have it's own vibe to each room. Got to stop by one of the events (not sure which one) but they have a DJ as well.
Service: Great service. Nothing to complain about; everyone here is laid back and picks up the ping pong balls almost instantly!
Food and Drinks: Never got a chance to try the food but they have a great beer selection. I find it rare to find things such as Peroni in most bars. 
Price: For reasonably priced drinks with a great staff and exclusive environment, this place steals it away! Their happy hour is M-F (5-7PM), food ($4-6), and drinks ($5-8). Ping-Pong prices are $22/.5 hr and $39/hr with excellent paddles, great ping pong balls, and great service where there is a pool of ping pong balls to choose from! Great place to stop by after work.We had a lot of fun here and I really liked that it was a unique experience compared with other bars. We only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table at 8 pm on a Saturday, and it was ~$9 per person (cheaper if you have more people on a table). The place was also very clean and well kept, which is always a bonus at a bar in the city.Loved the atmosphere, great music! Come earlier in the night to get a table. Matt our bartender was fantastic!! Super friendly and attentive. Makes awesome drinks, and great recommendations. Can get crowded later in the night. The dress was anywhere from casual t-shirt to fancy dress so you'll feel comfortable in your favorite outfit. Definitely will be back here! When we got to our table Emre was our table host and he was fantastic! Very welcoming, friendly and outgoing. My whole experience was amazing!!I wasn't really expecting to like this place.  I tend to get bored of ping pong pretty quickly.  I went with a party, maybe 20 people.  We had a section carved out for us, and had access to a little satellite bar.  I have no idea what was going on the night that we were there, but there was all sorts of free stuff going around.  Ice cream sandwiches from Big Gay Ice Cream, free drinks, some handed us a whole pizza.  It was strange... in a good way.  I am assuming that isn't typical, but even without all of that free stuff it was a good time.  I like that they don't seem to take the ping pong aspect too seriously, there were balls flying everywhere and the staff didn't bat an eye.  They even seemed to get a kick out of it.  
Lot's of instagramable stuff, I'm sure you've seen the tub.  If that's something you look for, there is plenty of it.I absolutely enjoy myself every time I come!! The crowd, the service, the music... but most importantly- the food!!
The menu is perfect for the setting and is delicious! SPIN offers a variety of protein options and a nice drink list!!
Keep up the great work!!!Hip ping pong bar with great cocktails. Tables will fill up in advance its best to make reservations. We did see some parties reserve the red room and another area with DJs and their own waiters. Loved the banksy like art and variety of drinks served.We had our holiday party here last night and it was a huge hit! From the moment you walk in you feel welcomed. Plus they make planning the whole thing a breeze with an online portal, e-docs, a dedicated account manager and an online payment system. Plus the prices are completely reasonable. 
We ordered the basic food package, the premium bar package and 3 tables for 3 hours for our office of 20 people. I was slightly concerned about the food package because most of the food is "passed" but nearing 7PM people were turning down the passed appetizers since they had enough. Also...these passed appetizers...people were RAVING about them. There were avocado toasts, risotto balls, beef tenderloin sliders, beet and goat cheese tarts and so much more.  There was a gigantic baked brie which was phenomenal and a few dips on a near by table. 
I honestly could not have been happier, our service was phenomenal Alexis was always checking to see if we needed new drinks..and you can order at the bar as well. 
There is plenty of staff so that you're never waiting around which is awesome...there's nothing worse than waiting forever for drinks when there is an open bar.I don't appreciate a bar where the bartenders get annoyed at you for the shots that you order. Especially when it's your third try of ordering something because they don't have anything. Then being told to move because you're not allowed to watch people playing ping pong. If you enjoy being yelled at, this is your bar.The food and drinks are a little overpriced for what you get, but its definitely a fun atmosphere. I have been here a few times and there is a cool atmosphere inside. I would say that its a good place if you want to try something different and have fun, but I wouldn't necessarily go for the food itself- however their fries are amazing. They also allow under 21 before 9pm! It doesn't get too crowded or clubby, but still keeps up a fun atmosphere for people of all interests and ages.Their staff is comically rude. The waitress came over once for our entire hour, and got annoyed when people were slow to give their drink orders. We stayed for a while afterwards and continued buying drinks, and one of the waiters continuously barked at as about how we were in his way. Finally he threw us out of the bar for absolutely nothing. You're running a ping pong bar, not a Michelin restaurant, guys. Get over yourselves. This is a great concept that they've somehow found a way to screw up. I hope they shut down.So... this place needs new bartenders and management. I came here for my 35th birthday on a Saturday night 2/15/2020. I came to the bar and we waited 15/20 minutes with 5 people working the bar and 10 ppl at the bar then when we were approached it was "yes?"... after spending $200 with 3 ppl in my party, for 2 rounds we asked for the tab and they automatically ran the card on file without asking to split etc... after having the bartenders ignore us over and over, mess up our orders, never bring our drinks etc we finally went to the other bar. We then met Robert who saved our night! He was amazing, attentive and drinks were awesome. After tallying the bill, the manager Kyle came over and we explained our experience just to uplift Robert. He then made excuses of how the bartenders were new, how Robert was more experienced, how the bar was crowded (with a 2 to 1 ration) and how he wasn't making excuses but never took any responsibility how a business should for unprofessionalism and distastefulness like this business portrayed. I was never greeted, never received a smile, never asked if I need anything else, never a napkin or straw, never asked how I would like my bill closed out. Just a simple side eye and cold shoulder. But Robert... Robert was awesome. -Signed a bartender with 17 years experienceWonderful experience!  Great fun, food, work out, music, friendly folks.   The place is pricey to play but for me worth the cost.  Of course I couldn't do it every week or even every month but I would highly recommend for a special occasion or even a date night.  Good time!This place would be amazing if you didn't have to interact with the staff. Had a great time playing ping pong, the space is falsely "hip", the food was decent.
If you want to play a real game of ping pong this is not the place for you. The staff almost constantly walks behind you while you're playing with no heads up or care that a game is in progress. It took 20 minutes for our server to come over. So long that we went to the bar to try to order our own drinks to which they responded "You have a server." Do we? Because I haven't seen her and we're halfway through our time on the table.
The table next to us had a group that screamed fuck at the top of their lungs every two minutes. So I asked to move to a different table and the staff said, "Yeah, if you pay the full amount for the new table." Okay, no thanks, maybe you could have answered that a little better considering we're already here paying $40 for a table and there's no one else here except the dudes yelling fuck.
Our sever came over maybe two times in the span of the hour. Once to clear our beers that we were still drinking. Then a different staffer came over to put a 10 minute warning sign on our net. 10 minutes go by and our server has still not come over to settle our bill, but the 10 minute staffer made sure she promptly came over and took our paddles away and scolded us like we were children. We said we'll stop playing once we get our check. She said no and literally took the paddles out of our hands and basically ran away. So we stood at our table for another 10 minutes with our jackets on while we waited for our ghost of a server to finally come over and settle our bill.
If they had just let us play until our bill was settled I would not be writing this review but I was stunned with the lack of communication between the staffers and the disrespectfulness they have going on over there. If you come put the 10 minute sign on our net maybe you should talk to our server to settle our bill instead of treating us like a group of children in time out.
Deff won't be back. The atmosphere isn't worth it.It's a great place to hang out with friends and family. The number of TT tables are high and the prices are also very reasonable. Food and drinks options are also pretty good. Drinks contain both craft beers and regular beer options. Loved the place and will be visiting this place again and againThis place is awesome.  This was my first time at a ping-pong bar.  I didn't even know these were a thing?  I had never seen one before!  You pay for either an hourly rental with a dedicated table or a happy hour type rental in which the tables are first come first serve and open reservation.  They also have a full bar and kitchen, and most importantly, the atmosphere is pretty hip and trendy.  It makes for a fun date idea or group activity.  The tables were in good condition and there was no shortage of balls or paddles.  I thoroughly enjoyed my time here.  It is hidden underground but it is open to the public!SPIN is such a unique bar and honestly cannot say enough good things about the place. I am from a small town so we have nothing close to this where I am from. From the minute we walked in the door we were greeted by very nice employees who helped us every step of the way since we were never there before. They saw us trying to pick up ping pong balls and reminded us that they would take care of it. My family and I had the time of our lives playing ping pong and 12/10 would suggest to anyone wanting to do something different!I came here on Friday evening.  Before it gets super busy, I wanted to take my time to check out the place and enjoy some drinks.  I was able to get a stool counter over looking the center. There were some events going on, so we were not able to get a ping pong table. The wait hour would be 3-4 hours! So, we sat and watched. It is quite entertaining.  We ordered Guacamole and chips, it was nothing special but $11. Inside of the guacamole, there was a whole avocado pit in it! I felt like if this is a mistake, whoever the cook should not touch food. If this is put to prevent avocado turning brown(some people use this trick), they need to serve little bigger potion. I wanted to ask a server, but the place got busier and no server was found.  Tator tots were just greasy giant potato bowls.  According to their website, they are proudly serving food.  Don't order food! Just enjoy drinks!SPiN has made its way to Philadelphia and is in the basement of the WeWork building, which can be easy to miss. It's right across the street from Good Dog and next to &pizza.
As I made my way down the stairs for a large birthday party brunch, the vibe is so cool, there's a DJ spinning and she happened to be dancing the entire time, and even a Red Room...just not like 50 Shades, which is probably for the best and a bathtub full of dented ping pong balls. Instagram photo op, anyone?
I didn't play ping pong sadly, but it is $22 for a half hour and $39 for an hour at peak times. They do give you the option to reserve a table online, which is really great.
At the time, they just rolled out the brunch menu, so I think overtime, they'll get where they need to be. The Capt'n Crunch French toast was bomb! The birthday boy raved about it as did everyone else. If I ate this every weekend brunch, I'd have no complaints. The roast pork muffin with egg and cheese was also quite satisfying and delicious. I thought that the breakfast nachos could have been warmer and the spinach frittata was forgettable. The portion of the parfait was huge, as in 2-3 people could have probably split one. Wish for a party that they did it in shooters. The staff was friendly, the mixed drinks weren't that great. I'd still come back again and actually play table tennis, but not necessarily with a large group.I've come here a few times in different group sizes (sometimes 2, sometimes 3) and we always have a good time. Even if you're not the best at ping pong (me), it's still pretty fun. It's kind of like a restaurant in that each table has servers so you can order drinks and food while you play. Everything comes right to your table which is super convenient. 
I have had to wait a bit for a table each time, but they'll put you on a list and text you when you're up. Overall, I know we'll be back again soon!Atmosphere and concept is a great-  but staff seems clueless, food was subpar and we had a ridiculous event happen where our party of 16 was displaced an hour after being sat -  by the manager no less.  Never had an experience at a restaurant or entertainment facility like we did.  We ended up going to another entertainment facility a few blocks down and spent over $1,000 which I figured would have been a nice gross for a place that was half empty.Spin is a fun and funky place to have a different type of night out with friends. I went on a Saturday night with my guy and the wait for a ping pong table was about an hour. The wait was weird because I saw several tables were open, but they could have been reserved in advance. Also, the place was pretty full. 
The service was pretty good and quick at the lower bar in the corner. The service was a little more shotty at the main bar. 
There's complimentary coat check.
It's about $9 per person to play ping pong. 
A rum punch and knob creek with coke was about $25, including tip. 
The music and the crowd was older than expected. A lot of early 2000s hits songs were played. 
The infamous ball tub is never full....so taking pictures in it is kind of anticlimactic.Came by here for a corporate event. It was a pretty cool experience. Amazed to see how big this place is underground and comes with the grunge feel.  There are a few dozen ping pong tables and tons of balls flying around you.  They got some bleacher seating around the main ping pong tables if you want to watch. 
Food isn't that great here. I'd avoid it if possible. There were some falafel balls that were super dry and flavorless.  Just come for the ping pong.Had a client event and Leanna and the team were SO helpful and organized. We had an awesome room to ourselves, and the staff was super accommodating. The food was excellent and, the Pong Pro really got the group excited!I love the concept it wS my first time there and it's so different I wish I had a better experience the staff were rude I had one simple question to ask regarding to the red room and they acted as if they didn't want to answer me, to the point I had to go to one of the security guards and see if they knew the answer the guy was sweet however didn't know the answer so he managed to try pulling one of the girls that work there to the Side letting them know I was interested in the red room and had a question she was so rude to him as well..... then he tried again and asked another young lady that worked there she looked at him and I and mentioned how she was busy I literally was disgusted and left never will go back ever again!Loved it here! So fun and different from regular old bars. We reserved a table and got one within 20ish minutes. Very fun and cool atmosphere!My boyfriend and I checked this place out pretty cool atmosphere great food and drinks! Went to the main bar first no one paid attention to us so I seen another bar down below and went there. The bartender Ashley approached us right away and was super attentive to us all night, super friendly and sweet. I think the other staff should be more attentive but glad I stayed and checked out the other bar! Great place over all! Bumping on the weekendsThe concept is great and the execution is pathetic. The reservation/waitlist system is flawed and the staff is unapologetic about it. they under but your time (pay for an hour play for 45 minutes). the bats/paddles are also not in good condition. what's good - the. all's get refreshed quickly and the drinks are good enough! disappointed!!I've been meaning to check this place out for a while and was so glad we finally made it. I went on Sunday because it's unlimited play for like 9 bucks...any other day it's like $30...for table tennis...yeah AIGHT. So first off, the decor is a little overtop but it was funky. Plenty of tables but I would definitely advise bringing your own racket. Their rackets were all falling apart...like embarrassing to use foreal. Also, the rotating table thing was a bit unorganized but we made the most of it. They should have a TelePrompTer with table assignments or something. Overall, it was a good night.Very cool venue aesthetic. However, I was there the other night for a private event and the staff were extremely rude.Awful experience here on Saturday. My husband took me here for my birthday and they were doing anything they could to hold different credit cards and of course ended up charging all of this food and stuff that wasn't even ours to our card. Over priced and terrible service. Never againNever a dull time at Spin. No entry fee. Just come in, either book a table or go to the bar, get some drinks and food, and play or watch ping pong. The idea seems corny at first, but when you walk in you are wow'd by the venue. One large bar in the center, as well as one in a 'VIP' area which they sometimes open on weekends or for private events. The staff are probably the friendliest staff you can find anywhere. Everyone seems to love being there. When you have a table for ping pong, you will be greeted by a server and order drinks or food. The cocktails are awesome. I get the seasonal mule anytime I come and I am never dissapointed. A decent beer selection as well... I'm not too big on IPAs and craft beers, but they have a pretty decent selection for them. Staff will also come around and pick up any loose balls on the ground and restock your bucket. It is awesome.Was finally able to check this place out with  my bf as we have become avid ping pongers in the last year. I was surprised at their rates. Sure the place is nice, but $22 for 1/2 hour and $39 for 1 hour (as a pair) is not feasible. We usually pay a fraction of that everywhere else. Also the drinks are $10-13. I'm sorry is this a club?! Who are they trying to attract? That's why there was hardly anyone at the bar. I had asked the girl working the ping ping area if we could play in the "red room" and she said that area is shut down. About 20 minutes later a group of people come in and guess where they go? Dun dun dunnnnnnn..... the red room. I notice this and hold off saying anything until we leave. I said "Hey, didn't you say the red room is shut down?" She goes "Yeah, but one guy in that group works here." This is the first time I've ever heard of employees coming before customers, but alright Spin you do you and I'll do me.Very fun bar, even for people not that interested in ping pong. Really cool atmosphere and typically no cover even on weekends. The place is pretty big compared to most center city bars so lots of room to walk around and explore. I don't go to bars in center city on weekends too often because most are so packed you can't move but SPIN is certainly one of my favorites.We visited Spin for the first time this week! I'm not sure what we were waiting for. It was absolutely fabulous! As Pescatarians, it can be challenging to always find something. Quran, one of the chef's, prepared our food that night and it was amazing. We highly recommend the veggie tacos and flatbread!Def a fun place to hang out. Ping pong, alcohol, jenga. For a reasonable price. Would def go backI went to Spin for a date night activity and it was a lot of fun. We went early on a Saturday at 7pm and immediately got a table for an hour. Spin has a great relaxed atmosphere and was a lot of fun to just rally, get a little competitive, and watch some football on the side. 
I ordered the Spingria and it was way too sweet; someone needs to tone down the sugar on it. Their menu seemed extensive for a ping pong bar. 
It was a great date activity before going out for the rest of the night. Good for groups of friends, dates, and I would even take visiting family members.Been a few times for club events and always leave feeling satisfied! Not only are there many ping pong tables, the tables and different areas within the facility are decorated well and have specific vibes. For example, there is a Red Room where everything in the room is red.
Food isn't bad - had their chicken sandwiches catered and it was a bit dry. Have yet to try their drinks but it seems like that would add a good element to the experience!Have never had a problem here before this past Saturday...I was sober and they tried to over charge my friends three times for drinks! Not once in one night...three times. For example the bartenders tried charging my friend $19 for one drink.. then when I asked how much her drink was they were like opps here is a ten back.  The bartenders were rude and had attitude and were very uninviting.  As someone who works in the business I was disgusted in the way we were treated.  My friends and I are constantly out in the city and we will question going there again anytime soon.This rating may change soon as I'm about to go to a private event there in the next month. 
I only got a quick look of this place as a goodbye celebration migrated it's way there. This is a really cool space. It's a ping pong bar space. Simply put. Its a large space and it's very chill.
I didn't play ping pong. I'm terrible at it. But I'm really good at drinking. So I had their version of a gimlet. It was strong and wonderful. Mixed to perfection.  I would go back just for the atmosphere and drinks to be honest.