The atmosphere is very good and the design is excellent. They have a nice beer selection for the size of the place. The food is very average. The calamari was way too salty and small for $9.00. THe meatloaf and potatoes were on the luke warm side versus nice and hot. Not sure why that was since we were the only two people in the place at 3:00 pm.  I'm giving the place 3 versus 2 stars b/c of the beer, courteous service and interior. 
I would love to see this place become successful but they need to revamp their menu. They also need to place an extended sign outside. You don't even know the place is there until you walk up on it. It is in an excellent location. Unfortunately, I'm not sure the place will last a year but I hope I am wrong.Not sure I will be back. I found the food to be heavy and over all fatty. I had a strange person experience in this restaurant that had nothing to do with the staff or food so that may have tainted my review from 3 stars to 2. I did not find anything on the menu that would bring me back.When I got there, I asked the host if it was just open seating or if I had to check in with him (never been there, honest question). He said he'd help me out. I said I needed a table for two and he said that was fine and asked where my other person was. Said she was on her way. He said there were a couple parties before me (which there was one standing in the lobby) and that he'd get to me right away. He DEFINITELY skipped over me and let a few other tables sit before I did, which made me think that I did need to have my full party with me before seating. But then another party came in, they weren't all there, and he asked if they wanted to sit, or just wait. Ok. Host guy, you were confusing and not that great.
Everything else though, wonderful. Their booze milkshakes are tasty (definitely not boozy to the point that you will feel much though). But the four stars alone would go for the mac and cheese grilled cheese with tomato soup. DELICIOUS. I die.
Prices aren't bad. Maybe I'm used to paying $$$ coming from Chicago, where everything is expensiveish, but I thought this was a typical pricepoint. Liked the atmosphere. Waitstaff was very attentive and friendly. Definitely a lot of vegetarian options, which always makes my heart happy.We walked by Square Peg on our way to pick up our tickets to see The Buddy Holly Story at the Walnut Street Theater. Taking a peek inside, it looked like a pretty nice place to grab a bite, so we popped back on over before the show.
I really loved the cool city vibe in the dining area, tall ceilings exposed the lofty seating area upstairs, which was pretty neat. 
I ordered the herb falafel dish, which included roasted cauliflower, pita and cucumbers - really good! I also loved the thai basil raspberry lemonade I ordered - very refreshing treat from the outside heat!
Hubs went with an appetizer as his main course - mahi mahi quesadillas. Very good too (took a bite of his).
My only comment here was that we were definitely the youngest patrons, which was weird - it was like senior night or something, which is not an issue, but just a weird observation. For a place that looks like it's marketing to hipsters/trendy people - which we aren't either, haha -  it was a strange dynamic.This place is charming and the food is unique. There are two bars, one downstairs and one upstairs so you can pick an atmosphere that better suits you.  I came here several times during the summer to enjoy the SIPS specials. A ruben quesadilla, pork sliders, and the honey chipotle wings were some of our favorites. Off the regular menu, the grilled cheese macaroni and cheese sandwich is great! The scrapple hash is also a good reason to stop in! 
Fun place for drinks or a quick bite to eat!The good: The food was very good. Tasty, original, quality ingredients and very nicely blended flavors. It took a long time to get anything, very slow. But that might because everything takes time to prepare/made to order. Definitely not a grab-n-go kinda place.
The bad: The service was slow, somewhat inattentive and pretentious. Seriously, the front of the house dude (channeling Depeche Mode's lead singer) seemed kind of angry. Hate your job? Not my problem. After the waitress brought the dessert menu, it took a full 15 minutes for her to return to ask if we wanted anything (which at that point we didn't because we had waited so long and didn't want to waste the rest of the afternoon). Same deal with the check. It doesn't take long to whip out an Amex card or debate the tip. Step it up folks, for a pricey establishment your service sucks.
The decor was comfortable, inviting and would suggest a much friendlier atmosphere where people from all walks share in the joy of eating quality food. It was really the opposite: I couldn't wait to get out of this place where I actually felt unwelcome. See below.
The ugly: We are a family of four, 2 adults and 2 teenage kids. The restaurant was 2/3 full with a few tables by the window near the front where we could sit comfortably. But, as is often the case when you have kids, we were parked in the back by the ktichen, out of sight and in the least desirable seating. Clearly we do not fit the profile of the customer this pretentious place is trying to attract. Not a fan of any type of ghetto, this is something that would normally cost a place my business but the food sounded so good I asked if we could sit elsewhere. Depeche Mode (the front of the house dude) begrudgingly moved us while grousing to the bartender who raised his eyebrows and shrugged. Then after we were were seated, I saw the waitstaff staring and giggling. These folks would not be on my payroll (I own a retail business and know customer service is king. This place does not get it.)
We saw the same ghetto-seating approach applied to older folks, overweight and anyone with kids. Shameful. 
So while I really liked the food, I can't recommend this place because it obviously profiles its customers and discriminates: totally unacceptable.Recommend the breakfast poutine. Don't recommend Jefferson students causing a scene. Learn how to order a drink...$2.50 for ice?! (unadvertised) Ya, AVOID this place like the plague unless you like $10+ cocktails served with a side of attitude (courtesy of what I assume was a manager), who thought it good business to confront the table with no intentions of fixing the situation (so expect a showdown if you post something before leaving).  Really nice waitress and decent food; shame the management makes the whole establishment look bad.First impression: not so great. But I will get back to that later....
Square Peg is the latest whiskey-themed comfort food restaurant in a city teeming with whiskey-themed comfort food restaurants. 
I do appreciate that, unlike Village Whiskey and other places, the spirits menu is meant to actually be a guide as opposed to an intimidation tactic. Indeed, the drink and domestic bourbons are easy to understand and order. 
I had a Philadelphia Sling, made with Four Roses Small Batch bourbon. Loved it, and I hope other places catch on to mixing drinks with 4 Roses, cause it is perfect for such a purpose. 
The food was fun. Mac n cheese grilled cheese? Yes please! The fries were salty and crunchy, served with a helping of fresh dipping sauces, including an interesting tartar sauce. It had a lemon-y flavor which I loved. I also loved the smashed potatoes. Wow, those were great. 
The atmosphere is kind of meh, but the space was limited, especially considering how iconic the Marathon Grill was before it. 
The only bum note was the first 10 minutes there. We were sat directly in the sunlight, and when we asked to have the shade drawn, someone tried then walked away. We were forgotten about, and our issue with the sun beating down directly into our eyes was overlooked/ignored. 
I had to twice ask to either move tables or have the shades drawn. Finally- FINALLY- after 10 minutes, it was established that, in fact, the shades dont go down. Our table was moved- which is funny, since I suggested that 10 minutes before, with an entire room full of tables. 
I understand reasons why moving tables is an issue- reservations (which we had, btw) server charts, whatever. Guess what? I dont give a shit. This sort of thing shouldnt happen, and we came *THIS CLOSE* to walking out before we were even served. 
It's a good thing we didnt however. I really like Square Peg, and our server Kim deserves a special shout-out. She was awesome, funny and informative. 
Pretty good place. I suggest trying it.SquarePeg is so exciting. All of the menu items have a fun twist! I went here with five of my friends and we tried almost everything on the menu- we were not disappointed. The cheesesteak pot pie is, as other reviewers have mentioned, like heaven. We were also very impressed by the fried chicken- it was perfect and the mashed potatoes were delicious. We also had the meatloaf, fish & chips, tacos in a bag, mac and cheese grilled cheese, and the burger. All come highly recommended. Great service, great drinks, I can't wait to come back!My highlights are:
Food - 4 stars (the spinach I ate gets 5 stars..seriously. delicious.)
Drinks - 5 stars (you absolutely must try anything -nay, everything- made w/ the Bird Dog Blackberry Whiskey - whoomygawd!  And extra fun was a happy-accident which = a surprise tasty cocktail)
Service - 5 stars (everyone was so absolutely pleasant & knowledgeable! Booker, the Beverage Manager is a delight & makes some wonderful recommendations; Adam, the Bartender is a wealth of bar magic & a hoot to chitchat with.)
My details: 
So the boyfriend & I decided to go here on a whim and what a lovely nite we had!
When we first walked in we were greeted by a hostess, who then directed us to a coat-check/check-in desk area where we confirmed our reservation and were then directed back to someone who seated us - it seemed like a lil overkill to me, but hey, what do I know about restaurant reservation management?
We were seated promptly, got our menus and decided on the Grilled Salmon w/ pickled beets & greens for me, and Fried Chicken w/ collards for him.  I also ordered the apricot mint julep.  Everything was delicious! The salmon was cooked perfectly and I *absolutely loved* the side of spinach - I need to take a moment for the spinach ("for spinach?", yes, for the spinach) - as a lover of spinach, it was heavenly! And the pickled beets - yum!
I had a bite of the boyfriend's Fried Chicken, collards and "kool-aid pickled watermelon" - all were very tasty, but I didn't think the watermelon had anything too special going on, but then again, I was already won over by my spinach. 
Also, my Apricot Julep arrived and was very tasty - but oddly so - it had a salty/sweet combination that was unexpected, but quite good.  More on that when we visit the bar. 
As we ate, the person we later came to know was Booker, the Beverage Manager, stopped by our table to ask how everything was - which was met by our thumbs up! - and he suggested that I try their "Wild Bird Dog" cocktail.  I'm not one to say no to a cocktail suggestion, so that was my next round - delicious!..blackberry whiskey may be my new favorite thing!  He also suggested we stop by the bar after dinner - I like his suggestions!
We walked into the bar space and it was very comfortable, lit well, and a nice separation from the louder dining area.  We tried a few other cocktails on the list as per Booker's suggestion, and they were all hits, no misses.  We were also chatting with the bartender, Adam, who gave me the back-story to my salty/sweet apricot julep - actually a mix-up when he grabbed the salt rather than sugar when mixing - but what a happy accident - a sweet/salty cocktail - certainly something to tinker with.  The boyfriend and I ended our nite unabashedly having sampled one of each of the cocktails on their list.  
Needless to say, we left with big smiles, full bellies, and can't wait to come back!Came here without a reservation on a Saturday night. No reservation was needed but place had a good amount of diners. They had pretty good options for vegetarians and it was labeled on their menu.
 Had their flatbread special and it was made half with cheese and half without no prob for me and my bf. That was meh. Their veggie chili was pretty good. Falafel platter was meh. Hummus didn't taste good at all. The cauliflower and cucumber salad were the best part of the platter. Overall food was meh. Atmosphere was nice and laid back.I'm currently sitting at a table in square peg and have been waiting 20+ minutes for: our check, salt & pepper, and a refill.  We came for brunch and ordered the "warm banana bread" to start. Admittedly, I was actually confused when it came out because it was not warm AT ALL. It was actually rather cold.  Not only that but they  served it with butter which couldn't be spread because the butter was cold and so was the bread. Okkkkkk.... On to meals. We got the square peg burger and breakfast sandwich. Both were less than mediocre. We would've kept drinking to make the meal at least a little more enjoyable, but we haven't seen our waitress in over 25 minutes so I guess a cocktail is out of the question. Square peg has an ambitious menu and falls very short of the goal. Save yourself the time and money and go some place else.Quite the fan of this hip little restaurant.  Seasonal menus are delicious!  PERFECT for brunch!Weird experience.  All the people that worked here were just odd in terms of interaction.  They called themselves food ambassadors......really.  The food ambassador then asks us "what brings you in tonight".....really....how about to eat.  From the rumblings at other tables it didn't go over well with them either.  Anyway it is really all about the food, atmosphere and service.  The food was just ok.  Had the matza ball soup.  They gave me a teaspoon to eat it with.....honestly not an easy task.  It had good flavor but was bland.  I then had the morocan meetball hero.  This was pretty good.  The meatballs were great.  My friend had the fired chicken which was pretty good.  It wasn't as good as at supper but it was good. I guess in all the thing that reall killed it was the odd service.  The ambiance was ok.  And the food was better than average.
PS They need to light the stairs.  They have one small battery push light for them.  Someone is going to get hurt and they are going to have a lawsuit on their hands.I dragged a friend to Square Peg for diner last Tuesday. I'm a sucker for Korean Fried Chicken and have been looking forward to the Tuesday Plate ever since I saw the menu, hoping that it might save me the long slog out to Cafe Soho in Olney.
The plate arrived with four wings and a large piece of fried breast meat, slathered with pink sauce, plus a small side of pickled red onion. I was expecting piping hot, succulent chicken fried to a crackling crust and covered in a painfully spicy but addictively sweet chili sauce, but what I got instead were wings that were barely luke warm, coated with a thick, chewy breading and a "chili sauce" that was overly sweet and seriously lacking in spice. Worse still, the breast piece wasn't even cooked all the way through. Considering that this was still during Square Peg's soft opening, that this was the first day they'd run the Korean Fried Chicken special and that the manager comped my meal, undercooking the breast meat would be forgivable had anything else in our meal measured up, but there really weren't any bright spots. 
My friend ordered the fish and chips. The food was OK, but, given the skimpy portion, it didn't justify the $17 price tag. The tap selection was decent (although no comparison to either Varga Bar or the Farmer's Cabinet, which are both less than 2-3 minutes away on foot), but my Helles was served too warm and was under-carbonated. The service (at the bar) was clumsy and inattentive (Wine list? Napkins? Silverware?).
I really was looking forward to this restaurant and I can't tell you how disappointed I was with my first visit. Most of what's on the Square Peg menu can be had in Washington Square West at higher quality for less money. The owners would be wise to raise their game in the kitchen and in the dining room and lower their price point.I'm not normally one for writing reviews, but in this case, I feel the need to make an exception, for the following reason: the WORST bartender EVER. 
My friend that I went to Square Peg with loves ciders, and so she asked him if the one they had in bottles was dry or sweet, because she can't stand ones that are especially sweet. He said it was dry. So she ordered it. And it was really sweet. So I drank it and she ordered something else - which was difficult because this bartender didn't seem to know what was on tap. 
My friend and I were having what became an intense conversation, which included a few tears. This bartender, despite the fact that my friend was crying and both of us were pointedly ignoring him, kept coming over and standing right in front of us, and would wait there until one of us told him that we didn't need another drink right now, thank you. The final time he came to ask us if we wanted another drink my friend just looked right at him and said "No. I want to leave." 
He paid for the cider, since my friend hated it so much, which was a nice gesture on his part. Given the rest of his behavior... despite the fact that I really enjoyed my mac and cheese grilled cheese, I'm never going back this place. 
Also, the decor (giant offensively badly photoshopped and blown up prints pseudo rural prints...) was straight up awful.I was very dissappointed with the food here. Their menu read so well and I wanted to try EVERYTHING.  However, everything we had was sub par at best.  The tacos in a bag were bland and we didn't finish them (although we ate all the fritos).  The calamari should actually be called Shrimp Toast with a few calamari.......the fried chicken and meatloaf we both ok.  I want to mention that our server was spectacular and she alone made the experience worthy enough to go back, although I don't think I will only because I don't want to waste $$ on a mediocre meal.I really liked the vibe of Square Peg, there was lots of natural wood and big windows, and a nice big black and white print of some rugged farmers. I ordered a whiskey sour and my friend ordered another whiskey drink special. The drinks were good, not the kind of snazzy cocktails you can get at some of the other fancier "whiskey" bars around town. 
We ordered the calamari to start and then I ordered the warm goat cheese salad and my friend had the Korean fried chicken (which is a special only served on Tuesday's for dinner). The calamari was good, the batter was light and fresh, the dipping sauce had a nice kick. My salad was fantastic. The cheese was encased in a lightly fried wonton wrapper, the salad was nicely dressed, and the beets were flavorful and perfectly pickled. The fried chicken was also great - although my companion reluctantly shared, I was able to get a taste of the sweet and spicy bird. It was SO crunchy on the outside and so moist on the inside. How is that even possible?!
All in all, it was a good experience. I'd go back to try some more of the food and have a laid back beverage.Overall I've been pretty satisfied with this place. The grilled cheese mac and cheese with tomato soup is the ultimate comfort food. However, the things on the menu are a little on the heavy side. If you're looking to have a dinner that won't overly satiate you, I would not recommend this place. On the other hand, if you're ready to eat, you will not be disappointed. I haven't ventured too far into the menu, but I've generally liked everything I've gotten. For instance, the matzah ball soup is good, but not as good as Jones. Don't get me wrong, this place is great. Just not my favorite.Stopped in with a colleague for a quick drink last Friday afternoon (that's right, sometimes I like to day-drink.  Don't judge).  The service was very, very friendly at the bar.  The tap list was okay - not a large number of drafts to choose from, but the beers they did have were great choices.  The menu looked like it had some nice options, but we weren't there for food.  I'll probably be back :-)Went here on a recent weeknight as part of a group of four. The place was busy but we were seated immediately with no wait. Our server, Andrea, was super attentive and came over to greet us with a smile and solid recommendations for both food and drinks. She also kept us plied with water all night, before we even had to ask for it, which was great, because there was one person in our group that was an absolute fish and wouldn't stop drinking. 
We were a bit ravenous when we got there and split the Spanish tots (cant go wrong with tots, pepper jack cheese, and sour cream) and the honey-chipotle wings (a unique flavor combination that surprisingly packs heat and works well together. Though not an appetizer, we also split the grilled cheese mac & cheese four ways and it was heavenly. Dunked in "drunken" tomato soup it was the perfect mix of textures- creamy, cheesy macaroni piled between buttery, toasted bread contrasted nicely with the tart/acidic tomato soup. 
Square Peg has an extensive list of specialty cocktails and Andrea was great about giving us recommendations once we told her what we enjoyed. As a cider lover, I tried the Apple Slap which was the perfect step above a regular cider which I normally find a little two sweet. Next time I'm gonna try the Apple Pie which somehow manages to incorporate a real apple pie tastykake into it! My friend enjoyed her Manhattan which was made precisely to her requests. The other two in our group ordered bourbon drinks- I can't remember what they were specifically- but again, no complaints. 
Breakfast poutine as a main was a great choice. Crispy fries, well salted, topped off by diced bacon, brown gravy, two fried eggs and hot sauce that was helpfully supplied- I couldn't ask for more. Another winner was the Fried Chicken- large pieces of golden brown, crisp chicken that was perfectly juicy on the inside. The portion was so large, my friend couldn't even finish it. Salmon BLT was strongly recommended and did not disappoint- it was cooked to my friend's liking and she had more than enough to eat for dinner and save to take home. 
We were too stuffed to enjoy dessert but found out that Square Peg has a readily available supply of board games and card games to keep you occupied whilst waiting for your food and/or bill. While the table next to us played Connect Four, we enjoyed a couple of rounds of Uno while letting ourselves digest our feast of epic proportions. Considering the multiple drinks, appetizers, and entrees we'd ordered, our bill came to a very respectable total. Our server was happy to split it up on different cards, which is not something that is readily available and/or happily done in many other restaurants in the same area.
All in all, Square Peg offered up unique drink combos and some great comfort food with a unique twist. The service provided by Andrea was beyond excellent, and I'd definitely go back soon!Wed. night dinner, around 6:pm.  I expected a knockoff of Jones--w. comfort foods lifted by an unusual ingredient here and there but found something much more unique.  Much of the food is deconstructed, something I've seen on Food shows, but hadn't experienced.  For an appetizer I had the grilled cheese filled w. mac 'n cheese w tomato soup--I thought the textures were off at first.  The bread was very crispy/crunchy/buttery, the mac 'n cheese is the middle of the sandwich w. no melted cheese slice was odd as a sandwich filling and seemed under salted, and the tomato soup, seemed salty and a bit ketchup-ey.  Then I dipped the sandwich in the soup and the flavors all popped at once.  The soup made the mac and cheese flavorful, the crunchiness of the bread balanced the softness of the macaroni and made it buttery.  The pasta and bread made the soup creamy.  It was a wow moment--and the components were functioning differently than in a traditional version of the dish but came together w. an amazing unified flavor.  Not sure how many people will "get it" in regard to what the chef is doing.  I also wonder, as the restaurant is open longer, if they can consistently produce food that is so dependent on execution--if any aspect of the texture or temperature is off, the overall effect may not hold together.  i also had the Poutine from the All day breakfast section of the menu, it was suprisingly subtle, considering all the ingredients: eggs, cheese, french fries, gravy, bacon, etc. I was thinking of the Gravy cheese fries at Khyber pass but this wasn't a hit-over-the-head shut down the arteries dish, not too much salt, or richness, but lots of flavor.  Carrot Cake ice cream sundae was enjoyable.   With a soda, the bill was $35 before tip, apps were large so that's an option when trying to save money.  Service was solid and enthusiastic.  The table next to me ordered baked chicken and it took about a half hour for them to get their food, mine came out much quicker.  The menu is changing in about a week and I'm looking forward to new adventures--exciting 
and unique.
FOLLOWUP:  Went for brunch one month later.  Server was one of those people you just can't get on their good side, She asked if I wanted a drink, I said I was waiting for friend, she said, yes, but do you want a drink?  Ok.  No, I didn't want a drink.  Had tacos w. General Tso's chicken, or something of that nature, it was overly sweet, obnoxious flavor.  Had ricotta donuts too and they were just ok.  From other reviews, I'm guessing that some of their dishes are completely misses and some are really good.  And the servers are sometimes odd, awkward.  I'm on the fence about coming here again. 
.food is good but sooooo over priced!!Had brunch their opening weekend for them. I was surprised at how well put together they were considering it was the first time they had brunch at all. The waitress was very friendly, extremely attentive to our coffee cups, etc.
We got the warm banana bread to start (super delicious) and came with two butter choices to spread on it, and tried getting the warm donuts too, but somehow they were out of them first thing in the morning.
Tried the banana foster french toast - amazing- which came drizzled with coffee caramel as well as the breakfast sandwich which comes with eggs, cheese, and chorizo. Yum. It also came with a little bottle of hot sauce that I believe was sriracha (good choice). The fries that came with it were also delicious and tasted like boarwalk fries. 
I will come back here again soon.Soft openings can cause crash landings.
Hoping that with time the place will come into its own, iron out menu kinks, because despite all the other seemingly successful ingredients (the chef, the concept, the service, the name, decor!), the execution and delivery of the food fell totally flat.
Comforting traditional favorites, (a little too Starr-Jones-ish, if you ask me) with a twist is what the menu offers.  What you get is not exactly what is promised.
What you receive is a bland mac and cheese grilled cheese lacking the gooey-cheesy quality that one would expect out of a dish, a calamari dish is like every calamari dish before it (save for the inclusion of shrimp crackers), and ditto the fish and chips (like all fish and chips before it save for a bit of green curry sauce). 
Roasted brussel sprouts are served without that crispy caramelized exterior.  A Matzo ball soup offers good broth, but the matzo is dense, weighty and lacking flavor.  Equally, a promising Brisket and gnocchi is sent instead with parpadelle, and the dark chocolate and chipolte flavor of the dish is pretty much non-existent - the only saving grace of the meal comes in the form of a burger (which plainly speaking, one should always be able to do well)
What's left?  Not much.  Drinks and the wine selection rouses us a little, but not enough to make us sit up in our chairs.
Loved Adsum.  Love this chef.  Am waiting for redemption.We chose this gastropub because it was game 7 in the semi finals of the NBA playoffs and the Sixers were playing the Celtics. Of course my husband HAD to watch, so voila, we found ourselves at Square Peg at a table centered between two televisions each playing the game!
I'm a big fan of the re emergence of the gastro pub across America. A casual, relaxed environment with creative food, who wouldn't love it!? We lucked out because they had specials for the game that evening. For $1.76 each we were able to try their fried chicken tacos as well as their lime chipotle wings for appetizers. Both were delicious and creative. We also tried their mac n cheese grilled cheese. First, let me give Square Peg big kudos for this one. Regardless of how the food tastes, the fact that there is a cook somewhere in the states brave enough to create this bold combination of grilled cheese and mac n cheese is sheer genius! Sandwiched between a traditional Grilled Cheese sandwich sits a heaping serving of cheesy, creamy mac n' cheese!! If it weren't for the fact that we were dining with a man who has heart problems, I think we would have been even more excited for this "heart attack waiting to happen" dish. Granted, my father in law (who does have a defibrillator for a just in case emergency...) was too proud to let these creations sit in front of him without as much as a taste. We were sweet enough to allow him a bite (but no more). We were all in love with these sandwich creations!
For the main event I had the Turkey sliders. They came in a set of three with a delicious potato bun. Reminescent of Thanksgiving dinner these little guys had sliced turkey (not deli turkey but the kind of thick turkey that your father carves for Thanksgiving lunch) with cranberry, stuffing, and a heaping side of gravy. Every bite was better than the last, and I could have drank the gravy it was so addicting!
Our server was wonderfully patient and he was more than happy to make suggestions and recommendations. Overall, I would highly suggest dining here with friends (or even alone).What can I say-
I was blown away by this new restaurant with a world class chef in Matt Levin who was formerly of Lacroix, and Rouge, and Adsum briefly.  The owners are Larry Cohen and Barry Gutin from Cuba Libre and Guest Hospitality Catering.  These guys are sharp and know what they are doing!  The space is the old Marathon Grill with better lighting, better sound and music and a bi level Hip Bar restaurant with upscale American comfort food.  The staff is really helpful and knowledgeable and the managers are visible and committed to executing a great experience.  The drinks and single whiskeys and other small batch spirits are very unusual.  I have a delicious old fashioned with agave nectar and my had the Apricot  julep (wow).  We were 7 people with 3 really well behaved young girls with adventurous palates.   Apps we tried were the Fried Calamari w shrimp crackers and long hots, mac and cheese grilled cheese with drunken tomato soup.  The habenero Frenched chicken wings with great taste and heat and a may tag blue cheese white chocolate dipping sauce.  I tried the Mahi Mahi quessedilla as well and the taco in the bag of Frito's a really clever dish.  The special sandwich was the Meatball and Italian goat cheese hero..Best Meatballs ever!!! and a homemade long roll. The Turkey sliders were soulful and a perfect mix of fresh turkey, candied yams, sage stuffing, cranberry and a turkey gravy dipping sauce.  But the Cheesesteak Pot pie should be  outlawed by the food cops...OMFG!!!  Insanely great!!   And the Fried Chicken with kool aid pickled watermelon and collards with hot sauce are a show stopper. Corn off the cob in Lobster butter rocks as well...Ok we had the Grilled Salmon with ginger beets also on the money and the brisket dish with chipotle and dark chocolate.  fish and chips rocked! What you think we skipped dessert...I had a few kids with us and very family friendly...Soft serve ice cream was incredible, a rum raisin bread pudding with brown sugar ice cream rocked and the carrot cake sundae but the show stopper was a mason jar filled with a chocolate pudding mousse with a pretzel crust and topped with caramelized bananas!!!!! I I really wanted to try the Poutine with sausage gravy and bacon and eggs as they have it all day.  Also, the 
french toast pegs looked great.  Did not have any milk Shakeds but tomorrow is another day.   Many thinks to Chef Levin, and the team for really helping us to experience everything and accommodating our young kids.......A Must Try!!Second year we came here for a celebratory brunch after Broad Street... becoming part of our running tradition! It's a large, open space that's great for groups, especially if you sit upstairs. Definitely better for dining, but they do have a pretty good happy hour. The menu is full of crazy food combinations and drink concoctions. If you're there for brunch, you must get at least one order of the warm banana bread with caramel butter. And you can't go wrong with the Mac and cheese grilled cheese. My friends have also raved about the breakfast poutine. I always leave happy and satisfied. I'll be back for more soon!Came here for dinner early on a Friday, the restaurant itself is cute and airy(it still looks like marathon) Waitstaff was friendly but everyone seemed to be a bit "off."
My table ordered a little bit of everything some favorites included the white chocolate chicken wings, shrimp and grits, and the meatloaf.
I did not enjoy the fried calamari because of the shrimp crackers which reminded me of packing peanuts.They charge $4 for 3 deviled egg halves which seems ridiculous to me.
Beer list was well curated and reasonably priced, with drafts not reaching over $6.
Desserts were just okay, I had the chocolate pudding pie, which was served in a mason jar much like Philadelphia's favorite salty dessert the Budino. My pudding was hard set, and when paired with pretzel crust and crunchy bananas was dry and off putting, the flavor was good though. The other dessert I sampled was the carrot cake sundae which was very good.
I liked this place, the food was affordable and inventive but some items were overpriced or just fell flat. Food has good flavor but I had some textural problems with elements of the dishes.I dined here a few weeks ago at the suggestion of a friend who was captivated by the menu.  Before dinner we sat at the bar, where the three male bartenders were bro-ish and not terribly personable.  I needed a little more time to look at the drink menu after being asked what I wanted to order and after that I had to wait forever for one of them to come back to me, engrossed as they were in conversation with one another.  I had a Philadelphia sling, which was perhaps unmemorable as it was expensive.  The girl who seated us, according to my friends, was being impatient and huffy.  However I wasn't really paying attention so I can't confirm or deny that.
Our waitress was nice, albeit in kind of a generic way.  One of my friends asked her what her favorite things on the menu were and she answered with the salmon and hanger steak.  These two items are the most expensive things on the menu by a substantial margin and I doubt that was a coincidence.  I will give her credit for her seemingly genuine concern that I didn't enjoy the beer I ordered.  The beer selection here is TERRIBLE.  Now I realize that having lots of big, flavorful microbrews may not fit in with this sort of menu/"concept", but I did want a tasty beer, not bourbon or more cocktails.  They were out of the one beer I wanted (Avery Karma) and I settled on a Yard's Brawler.  Blech.  Their selection is small on hops, low on alcohol content and flavor.
The food was actually not too bad.  I had the fried chicken, which had a delicious crust and was cooked well.  The collard greens weren't bad but nothing too special.  I enjoyed one of the two pieces of pickled watermelon on the plate, and that was the one that was actually from the ripe part of the melon.  The other piece, taken entirely from right near the rind, couldn't even be saved by pickling, and it was very tough as well.  I know restaurants try to maximize their resources but they really shouldn't use that part of the melon at all.  My friends were satisfied with their dishes: one had the poutine and the other had the burger topped with fried egg.
My carrot cake sundae had delicious individual components but there wasn't nearly enough sauce (carrot caramel), or cake for that matter.  I would serve this in a boat, not a parfait glass.  The cream cheese icing ice cream was good but I felt like that's all I was eating.  The candied walnuts were outstanding--it's a pity there were only like two of them.
Ironically this restaurant fully lives up to its name.  The thing is, it's absolutely idiotic to try to put a square peg in a round hole.  Many aspects of the ambiance are modern, for instance the decor (for the most part) and the plating.  Then we have the "down home" plaid outfits the staff wear, and a menu of comfort food which seems to indeed be out of place in this setting.  There's a huge painting which is a creepy satire of American Gothic on the wall--I'm not quite sure what to make of it all.  Generally speaking the place gives off a vibe of internal conflict.
The people in the kitchen are basically competent and I don't want to be too harsh but Square Peg relies too much on gimmicks.  Maybe they will be successful for some time by continually luring in new customers who are curious to try their fare but once you've been there there's really no reason to return.Went to Square Peg out of the sake of convenience as we were going to the Walnut Street Theater and we wanted to go to a restaurant that was close as it was very cold out. The concept of comfort food is cool.  We ordered the goat cheese salad that was fine, the turkey club which was also okay, and the perogies. I was most excited by the perogies, however they were under seasoned.  A little bit of salt (and I don't usually add extra seasoning to my food) would do the trick.  Also, our server was attentive in a creepy way. I would try it again, however I would not race back.this place is pretty pricey and someone uninspired -- evidence of a restauranteur hopping on the revival americana foodie-ism that has taken over philly. BUT -- they do serve strips of bacon on their late night menu. that's right folks, STRIP OF BACON! so you really can't go wrong there, though i won't be rushing back any time soon. they do have nice bartenders though, or at least that one ...I had to get the tacos in a bag.  Who does not want to eat a delicious, extremely fattening combination of crunchy Fritos, sour cream, scallions, and tender, flavorful carnitas (well, unless you're a vegetarian but they have plenty of veggie options too)?  It even looks cool.  Anyhow, I thoroughly enjoyed my heart attack-in-a-bag.  The grilled romaine was delicious and perfectly accented with onions and parmesan; who would have ever thought to grill lettuce and that it would turn out so good?  And, of course, we had to get the poutine the minute we saw it on the menu because we hadn't had it since visiting Montreal.  It was just a delicious blend of cheese curds (decent but not as squeakily good as the ones found in WI), thick and flavorful bacon, savory gravy, fried eggs (not typically in poutine but a great addition if you request that the yolk be extra raw so that it covers the entire surface of the fries), and crispy fries.  Next time, we'll stick to getting one excessively unhealthy dish rather than both, but we just couldn't resist.  The service was great and the staff were very helpful and knowledgeable.  Will be back for brunch.  Prices are slightly steep but the food is fantastic.I think our bartender was stoned. She was just way off , like in la la land or something. The snacks menu has some nice options and the house made potato chips are bomb. 
Id probably only come back during HH they have a late night one from 9-11 on fridaysAfter having someone explain the metaphor "It's like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole," I can't think of a more appropriate description of Square Peg. 
The Mac and Cheese Grilled Cheese was fine. The best part about this conglomeration was the crispy, buttery bread. But the mac middle felt from the box - nothing outstanding, but nothing that a sprig of pancetta couldn't have fixed. The tomato soup was alright: warm, slightly creamy, and very tomato-y. 
The Mahi Mahi Quesadilla was slightly bland. The slightly fried jalapenos served with the Calamari added a fun kick, and nobody ever tires of crispy Asian rice puff things. 
The warm goat cheese salad provided a veritably creative alternative to an otherwise mundane dish. Wrapped in phyllo and lightly fried, the warm goat cheese was soft and creamy inside it's shell. The roasted baby beets were perfectly soft - not too mushy and definitely NOT undercooked. 
In short, Square Peg tries to be nutty and wacky, but it just doesn't seem to fit into the nutty, wacky round hole.Solid choice. Nice blend of menu options with some subtle twists on some American classics. Very nice staff and owner was very welcoming.I have only been here for brunch, so this review is based only on that.  My boyfriend and I regularly do Sunday brunch and are always trying new places and sharing food.  We decided to try Square Peg out.  There are only 6 breakfast options, and none of them sounded amazing.  I went with the normal square peg plate in which I ordered  2 over easy eggs, bacon, homefries, and toast.  The boyfriend got the breakfast sandwich.  The 2 tables surrounding us that sat after us ended up getting their drinks and food before the waiter even came back with our drinks.  My eggs came out sunny side up and normally I wouldn't say anything as long as I have yolk  to dip my bread into but the whites were raw and running and somehow the yolk was almost cooked through.  The waiter didn't check in on us after we got our food for at least 15 minutes, so by that time I was starving and ate one of the eggs anyway.  When he did come back my boyfriend had told him that I ordered overeasy and these were sunny side up and could I just get one egg done over easy for the one i didn't eat yet.  The waiter apologized and in another 15 minutes came back with one over hard egg.  The yolk didn't even break. By that time I didn't even care anymore and just ate it.  I don't understand how I can order the easiest thing on the menu and they can screw it up twice. The boyfriend's breakfast sandwich was tasty and huge but this may have been one of the most frustrating brunches I have ever been to.I have been looking forward to going to Square Peg since it opened and am fairly disappointed with how it all went down. 
My boyfriend and I needed somewhere close to eat, so we hit up Square Peg. Bumped into friends who were waiting for their table, so we joined them. 
We started the night with drinks, an Old Fashioned for my boyfriend and their Apricot Julep for myself. Mine was fine, but nothing to write home about since the mint flavor was missing. His drink must have had 2 drops of bourbon in it. He drinks it straight, so he thought maybe his palate isn't sensitive to it anymore. I hardly ever drink it and when I tried a sip of his drink, it tasted essentially like the mixes (not one flavor of bourbon at all). For a $10 drink, it should probably taste like there's any alcohol in it. 
My boyfriend got the mac and cheese grilled cheese with tomato soup and I got the falafel plate. 
The table started with their french fries and Spanish tater tots. Can't really screw up fries and the 4 different sauces were a nice combo. The Spanish tots were quite tasty, but again, tots covered in cheese and aioli is hard to mess up. The tots were the best thing of the night. 
Our food came and it came with mixed responses. My falafel was pretty good, as was the lentil hummus underneath. The roasted cauliflower was okay, although it came with a mustard sauce. Had I known, I wouldn't have ordred it as I don't like mustard, but that's more on me than them (noting it on the menu wouldn't have hurt, though). My boyfriend liked this mac and cheese grilled cheese, but didn't love it. I didn't get a bite of his sandwich, but tried the soup. It tasted like Campbell's soup mixed with ketchup. Not very tasty.
Some people had meals that they really loved, but a lot of us were pretty disappointed. For the price of the meals and drinks, I would have hoped for a better meal.The last time I had a Sunday brunch in Philly was during the summer of 2011.  Overdue brunch time!  
We were seated immediately at 12:30pm on a Sunday.  Unusual?  Seemed like it was just getting crowded.  Note to self: need a quick and easy brunch fix?  COME HERE.  Ok, and to make things even more unusual, we chose to share an order of scrapple with home fries :P  Fancy scrapple, I call it!  And it was scrumptious, because it would be sinful for me if brunch weren't more than just eating for energy.  No, that's for a regular weekday morning.   The scrapple actually was filling and delicious!  :-)  Try it try it try it!
Sitting on the second floor made us feel more isolated from the hustle and bustle of downstairs and Philly life.  Felt more relaxed up there :-)Went here for brunch and the food was pretty bad.  Breakfast Poutine sounds like a good idea but was so salty I could barely eat half.  My gf got the scrapple hash which she said tasted like canned dog food (and she normally loves scrapple).  Even if the food were better the prices are several dollars too high for the area.  Service was good, quick and cheerful though, which is why it gets 2 stars.  I haven't been back for dinner or drinks so maybe they do a better job in that department, it is a cool space and a good location so there's some potential.  But there's so many good brunch places in this area, there's no reason to go here.UNIMPRESSIVE!!! Levin really needs to learn some new tricks! His food is just becoming just regurgitated ideas from places he failed at before here. Here's a hint, big guy, if it didn't work the first 6 times, u should probably change it up. I'm just waiting to hear he's got black pepper caramel on this menu so I can laugh some more at his never ending lack of imagination and cooking skill. This guy is the poster child for chefs making a career off a good PR rep!I am pretty sure this place was Marathon Grill the last time I ate here. The food was pretty good then. I guess with a new establishment you expect a change in the food. I guess Square Peg didn't get the menu; the food was still pretty damn good. 
I had friends in town who are Detroit Lions fans attending the game last Sunday. I instructed them to meet me at Marathon at 10th & Walnut. I arrived before them, and realized that Marathon was no longer there. At that moment two things went through my head, my friends are going to be lost looking for Marathon Grill, and I am not sure if I want to take a chance and eat at a place I know nothing about it. I don't want to disappoint my guest. 
The wife and I went inside to have a few drinks while we waited for the rest of our party. The place looks the same, well at least what I can remember.The bartender behind the counter was friendly, and the atmosphere was pretty comfortable, so I decided to settle down with an Alagash White and check out all the food coming out of the kitchen.  When the rest of my party arrived we decided to have a few more drinks and figure out where were going to eat as I was still a little apprehensive. That all changed once I saw a young lady sitting at the other end of the bar eating what looked like a nice grill cheese sandwich. Well it was a mac & cheese grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup. I didn't order the sandwich, but it did play a factor in us staying. 
We started out with the honey chipotle wings, calamari, and the hoagie dip. I like my wings to be a little more crispy than how they were served however, they were still pretty good with a little kick. The calamari was nothing special. It wasn't rubbery and it was calamari. Now on to the hoagie dip. As a native New Yorker I hate that word; it's a hero. That issue aside, I have to say Square Peg is on to something here. Think of an Italian Ho---- chopped up and hit with a touch of mayo. Yes, I know mayo is not usually on an Italian Ho----, but the roasted garlic mayo works.  My only complaint here other than hoagie... there are places in Philadelphia well known for their bread. Instead of using standard italian bread that would be on a table at a 3 star Italian joint, utilize the product that is a hit in the city of Philadelphia. 
My wife and her sister ordered the turkey burger. The said there was too much cranberry relish on the burger and wish it was served on the side. After scrapping most of it off, they both were satisfied with the meal. I decided to go with the the fried chicken. The cornbread could have been off the plate and it probably would have been better than trying to eat that dried thing. The chicken itself was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The special hot sauce honey was not bad at all.  My friend decided to go with the "Breakfast all Day" since he skipped it for beers and dogs at the Stadium, He decided to go with the hangover food, the Breakfast Poutine. I guess at the rate he devoured it said it all. 
I am glad that I decided to give this place a chance. I will certainly be dining at Square Peg again. Next time however I am getting a table. We decided to sit at the bar to watch the Yankees choke, and the Giants beat up the 49'ers. The bar stools are a tad bit uncomfortable and our buts were hurting.I've been to Square Peg once for dinner and once for brunch. 
I liked the appetizer that we had at dinner the best - Tacos in a Bag!  THAT WAS SOOO GOOD.
The meatloaf was good but I think Jones' may be better.
My friend got the fried chicken with the Kool-Aid watermelon.  The chicken was all right.  The watermelon seemed more of a gimmick than anything new.
Where Square Peg lost me was during our brunch.  There are limited options on the menu for anyone that wants regular pancakes or simple sweet breakfast items.  Everything seemed 'loaded' with exta syrups, toppings, etc.  
That's ok, but then I noticed many of the savory items are pulled straight from their dinner menu. (I suppose I understand this business model --- allows them to be more cost effective--- but it also seemed a little too redundant.)
The cost for both meals seemed higher than I had hoped.  The service was a bit disappointing. (Had coffee spilled on us.  Server sticking his finger in the coffee carafe to figure out why it wasn't pouring out...)
I haven't been here for the "drinks" scene; it seems like it could be fun.  Yet for now, I'm taking my hard-earned money to another restaurant that will leave me better satisfied!We went there for Sunday brunch.  In a city in which brunch seems to be quite popular, this place is a great option.  No wait at all (again, quite rare for this city!) for a table of 4 in the stylish upstairs loft.  The food actually surprised me as to how much all 3 of us enjoyed our meals.  I will definitely be going back there again, especially when I am in no mood for a wait and needing some quality grub.The SO and I had a show to catch at a nearby theater, and were tempted to try Square Peg after seeing some things on the menu posted in the window. Sadly, the menu on the window was not current, but some of the items were still on it. Phew.
I ordered the Spanish tots and was blown away with just how tasty those damn things are. Paprika aoili with cheese, scallions and sour cream - oh my. It's been a long time since I ate something that freakin' delicious. SO had a sandwich that was good, and his fries were fantastic. 
Had excellent service, but admittedly we were there a bit early in the evening and it wasn't too crowded. Will definitely be back to try more items on the menu.Unbelievable.  Hostesses, bartenders, and waitstaff were awesome.  They served us free appetizers because we had a 20 min wait and 3 hungry kids.  Grilled Mac and cheese. YumI stopped back in here for dinner last week and felt it deserved an upgrade from my last review.  
Service - 5 stars.  Our waiter (whose name I forget - sorry!!) was awesome.  He kept checking in on us, making conversation, and gave us recommendations from the menu.  The manager stopped by our table at one point to make sure we were okay as well.  Also, not even 24 hours after I posted my previous review (in which I gave them 3 stars and said that I'd probably be back), I was contacted by a manager encouraging me to come back in and give them another shot.  It's great customer service like this that makes me even more likely to return to a place that I thought was middle of the road.  
Drinks - 5 stars.  The cocktails we ordered were awesome in both strength and flavor.  We were very excited to see the spiked milkshakes as well, but we were both so full at the end of the meal that we didn't get one.  But I know for sure that we'll be back for that.
Food - 3.5 stars.  We ordered two appetizers, the hand-cut french fries and the house-made ranch pretzel nuggets.  The fries were amazing and I definitely see myself getting fries again next time.  The pretzels on the other hand were kind of a disappointment.  I love pretzels, but I feel that there are only two types of pretzels: hard pretzels and soft pretzels.  These fell somewhere in between and had a chewy texture that I didn't find appealing.  The flavor was good, but the texture issue had me only eating two before stopping.  
For my entree, I got the cheesesteak pot pie.  The concept was awesome and the flavor was defintely spot on and delicious (I think another reviewer mentioned that it was kind of one-note but when that note is "awesome" who cares if it's one-note!).  My issues with the pot pie were the puff pastry crust (which was a bit unruly at times and difficult to cut) and the filling which was very runny.  I would assume it's supposed to be thicker but this was very thin.  I called it cheesesteak soup at one point.  Still very tasty, though, and I ate almost the entire thing.  
The table behind us was there for the restaurant week menu (we were not) and were so full they couldn't even contemplate ordering dessert so they offered the dessert to us.  We got the vanilla ice cream with reese's pieces.  I'm not sure if the ice cream is made in house but if it is, good job.  It was very creamy with a nice light vanilla flavor.  The rest of their dessert menu looks awesome and since I always have a sweet tooth, I'll have to make sure I leave room to order off of there.My two friends and I came here for happy hour around 6pm on a Thursday afternoon and there was plenty of seating by the bar. They have a pretty decent menu of daily bar specials ($2 and $3 bites!). We ordered a couple of $2 bites to share - the country fried chicken-kimchee taco, pulled pork chipotle slider, and Moroccan spiced salmon rillette - plus the Spanish tots and deviled eggs sampler off the happy hour snacks menu. The bites were meh, but I LOVED the Spanish tots, which came with smoked paprika aioli, sour cream, pepperjack, and scallions. The deviled eggs, which came in a sampler of three, were also pretty good, especially the one stuffed with kani salad.
I also ordered the cucumber lemonade, one of the $5 specialty cocktails. Garnished with lots of mint, it was light, cucumber-y, and very delicious.
Overall, great weekday happy hour from 5-7pm!What a suprise.
We went in with a party of 10, so I was expecting poor service, but we had a main attentive waiter along with various other staff assisting with the food and drinks.  
The Old Fashion at the bar was suggested to be made with Makers Mark Rye...I suspect it has something to do with the MM Rye promo material laying around, but it was still good, maybe a little bit too sweet, but the bartender has some good recommendations for the rest of the group and seemed well trained.
The fried mac & Cheese sandwich looked amazing but seemed like I was eating a low-fat version....there was just something missing.  Maybe if grilled it with butter on the bread or used a sharper cheddar cheese it would have more flavor.  The drunken soup that came with it had a wierd flavor, not the roasted tomato flavor I was hoping for.
The calamari was the most disappointing, it was overfried, dry and brittle.  No dipping suace and not even that great of a portion in the little bowl it came in...skip this appetizer.  The seared tuna was exactly what you were expecting, just with a little less tuna than most other restaurants.
For entrees, I had the fried chicken.  Like the calamari, it was overfried with the outercoating becoming a hard shell-like armor.  This made the chicken inside extra moist and once you cracked away the shell, was a very tender and well cooked piece of chicken.  I thought I tasted a hint of dill in the seasoning, and it was enough to eat the chicken by itself.  The spicey-honey sauce it comes with should be skipped, tasted like Frank's Hot Sauce to me and not what I want to taste along my friend chicken.  The cornbread was less than average an on the dry side.
The salmon was prepared well, I didn't try the trout but the eater said he liked it.  The salads were a good sized portion with nothing standing out.
The service here saved the few disappointments on the menu and I'd recommend going inf or a date to check it out.So glad to have Matt Levin back with another great spot; I was so sad to see Adsum go a few months back.  The modern takes on comfort food were spot on and I can't wait to go back.  If there were issues during the soft opening those are gone now.  The restaurant was booked pretty solid from 5:30 - 9:00 when I looked for a RSVP last week and they were staffed appropriately.  I felt there was enough staff to mount a small militia if need be.  That said, service was attentive, very professional, and the management came by several times during our meal to ensure everything was cool.
We had the habanero wings with a white chocolate sauce and maytag dressing.  These were absolutely on point....we shyly licked the plate clean of the white chocolate sauce.  We also had the lobster corn dogs with lemon gribiche - out of this world!  You know when you start sharing something and you immediately look at the other to hope they won't like it?  Very flavorful and juicy lobster meat with a very light batter; it was like biting into the perfect lobster mousse.  Finally we split one of the entrees, the turkey sliders which were basically designed as leftover-style goodness.  Piled with fresh turkey, cranberry relish, and sage stuffing these sliders were taken to the next level with the candied yams and that sweet marshmallow topping.  I thought these were great as designed, but I can totally understand how people would prefer them hot.   We had two sides, the collards with ham hocks and hot sauce which were fantastic and the grilled corn off the cobb with lobster butter which had just the perfect tint of flavor.  We capped the night with the carrot cake sundae - cream cheese icing ice cream, carrot caramel, and candied walnuts.  I could have eaten four of them...it was that good.  
I can't wait to go back.  I hope Matt Levin will bring back the charred octopus with the black pepper caramel he had at Adsum; he toys with the black pepper caramel but with another appetizer.  I also hope the beer list will expand a bit; for Philadelphia I thought the list was very sub-par in regards to craft beer options.  The cocktails all looked great but I was too far down Beer Avenue to make that turn....
All in all, another great spot that I look forward to making a regular stop.  Now that they are adding lunch and brunch coming soon, I'll just have more options to do so!The absolute worst lunch that I ever had. Their pecan crusted tilapia was not pecan crusted at all. Instead I received two pieces of fish heavily covered with black pepper (which still burn my mouth an hour later!) with a few chunks of pecans sitting on top. The tilapia was full of bones, which I almost choked on. The manager brought out something else instead, but not a single penny was taken off my bill.  By all means, stay away.Very mixed feelings here.... LOVED the waitress.  She was the best part of the experience.  I got to the restaurant at 6:45 and asked for a table for 2.  "No problem, we have 3 tables that were given their checks and will be leaving shortly.  You're next.  Go sit at the bar and we'll come get you".  Awesome... no worries.  My friend came in and met me at the bar.  He had made a 7:00 reservation.  All 3 tables left and were re-seated, while my friend and I (with a 7:00 reservation) were seated finally at 7:30.  The food was better than I anticipated, but the manager's (Andrew) inability to handle the situation is inexcusable.  I'm sure he's a great guy, but any other manager would have apologized and acknowledged that we patiently waited for 45 minutes while we were completely overlooked.  He DID offer us a free drink after we suggested that "it would have been nice if we were at least offered a drink".  A drink may have been nice earlier, but 2 hours and 45 minutes later is wasn't appealing.  So... if you are looking for a good meal and don't mind spending your entire evening waiting... I'd go to Square Peg.  Another option would be to make a 6:00 reservation so that you're seated by 7:00.Decent food, but our service was absolutely horrendous.  Never came back to check on our drinks, check to see how our food was.  Our waitress actually engaged in a conversation with a nearby table for at least ten minutes, and then after the conversation, didn't even come by our table to see if we needed anything.
It completely ruined the dining experience.We stopped here last night just as they were closing for their holiday evening hours, but the staff was incredibly friendly and still let us in.  I went with the Square Shandy, which is a mix of Victory lager with their house lemonade...not a bad combo, if I do say so myself.  You can find lots of local brews here and they have a nice spirit selection.  The cocktail menu sounded really interesting, too.  The food menu looked bangin', but they had already closed the kitchen for the night, so I'll have to come back to try that another time.  Apparently they'll be doing happy hours soon and they hope to have their brunch menu up by the third weekend of April.  The bartender/hostess talked to us for a good 20 minutes after they closed and one of the employees (Adam) was nice enough to give us a tour of the upstairs.  It's really spacious and I imagine they'll have some really awesome events up there in the future.  I'm gonna go with 3 stars for now just because I didn't really get to sample their food menu yet, but I'm pretty confident that I'll be updating this to a 4 or even a 5 relatively soon.  Square Peg has a lot of potential.  Definitely check this place out.I would do 3 1/2 stars if Yelp had that rating.
The service was good, but then again, we were only 2 of 6 people in the whole place at noon.
Still trying to figure out why they called on Friday to confirm the reservation. Thinking maybe they were trying to decide on whether to open or not.
The food was good, the grilled chicken sandwich with portabello and fries was fresh and had good taste. The cobb salad with asaian dressing had very good flavors. Not sure a salad with a few pieces of chicken is worth $14.50.
Overall it as ok, but $35 for lunch is a little much for what you get.First of all, hi haters.
Second of all, I'm a Chef Levin fan, so I'm a bit biased. Wait! He's the chef here, so that's not called bias. That's called I like the chef. It means I like the food.
I've eaten here a couple times, and had drinks here once. My boyfriend took me here on our 3-year anniversary, and we showed his mother this place for lunch when she visited from Nevada. So that tells you, the food here is something to look forward to. Either that, or it tells you what kind of people we are. 
Okay, so, ya gotta try the fried chicken tacos with the black pepper caramel. And ya gotta try the Bananas Foster French Toast Pegs with coffee caramel. Oh and the General Tso's Chicken Cobb...is a BIG salad and it's got a lot of flavor that's perfectly interpreted. I want to try the White Chocolate Habanero Wings. I'm glad the pierogies have made it onto the regular menu. 
I think the draft beer is an okay selection, I'm glad they put forth the effort to have beer. A friend of mine was happy to see such a variety of gins available. I have yet to try one of their spiked shakes, but they all sound awesome.
The service is pleasant, but sometimes slow. Don't be a curmudgeon, try Square Peg. It'll be fun.I still think this is a 5 star establishment after another visit tonight. Rob was an amazing bartender! My friends and I had outstanding service at the bar for happy hour. The Cucumber Lemonade was my favorite drink! It's a very good drink for spring. I can't wait to go back again soon and they are offer a Center City Sips Menu starting June 5th throughout the summer! 
We enjoyed happy hour $2 and $3 bites so much that we ended up getting a table and stayed for dinner.  I had the pear and brie salad and it was a great spring salad with lots of arugula. That went well with all of the fries and other not so healthy menu items. The menu is very balanced and offers something for everyone - even vegans and vegetarians!The food, the building and the service are pretty impressive. The problem with Square Peg is the price - I paid $15 for what is essentially a small bowl of french fries. I can pay $15 for a nice lunch, but I need to feel like I'm getting good value.On Sunday afternoon, my boyfriend and I stopped into Square Peg to try the Shandy (beer/lemonade combo) that uwishunu.com was raving about. 
They had a nice lunch crowd there, but we were on the fence about ordering food, so we took a place at the bar. As someone who isn't even a beer drinker, I thought the Shandy was really refreshing, especially on a 90-degree day in the city. Also, our bartender (Sorry for not getting his name!) was very attentive and a real sweetheart, so we decided to stick around for some appetizers. 
We ordered the calamari and mahi-mahi quesadillas. The calamari was nicely battered and whatever dipping sauce accompanied it was delicious, like some barbeque/cocktail sauce hybrid. I wish they sold it by the bottle! The mahi-mahi quesadillas were pretty good, too.
I'm not sure what the weekend bar and dinner scenes are like there, but I'd definitely recommend this place for a laid-back Sunday jaunt.Came for brunch on a Saturday. Place is located near Thomas Jefferson. Very cool looking on the inside. 
Started with Beer-mosa --- beer with orange liquor and fresh squeezed orange juice. Great way to start the meal. Cinnamon donuts were delicious but could've used more of the cream cheese frosting.
Chilaquiles - delicious and bold, spicy flavors. A side of sour cream would've been perfect.
Breakfast Poutine - gravy fries with egg and bacon were awesome... gravy was spot on
Scrapple hash - upscale approach to scrapple - used some pork loin and liver so had a unique flavor to it that I enjoyed.. maybe not for everyone though.
Spinach omelette - definitely a let-down. The eggs were not fluffy and actually was kind of liquidy; lacked seasoning too. Breakfast potatoes were delicious though.
Next time I will try their sandwiches - the burgers looked good as well as the mac and cheese sandwich.
Appears to have good happy hour specials during the week.Appearance: Looks exactly like the Marathon Grill that used to be in the same location. Clean, modern and industrial, large windows, exposed beams, wood tables and exposed brick walls. 
Service: Attentive and sweet
Food: Unimpressed, disappointed, and still hungry when I left.
As an appetizer we ordered the deviled eggs of the day. One order came with three egg halves and a garnish of the daily toppings. 
I ordered the mac and cheese "grilled cheese" served with drunken tomato soup. This was nothing to write home about and what really irked my table was that for $12 you don't even get the whole sandwich. They literally cut corners and served each person three triangles of the sandwich rather than four. I am a petite girl and was still hungry after the meal. When we asked our server what happened to the other parts of our sandwich - he told us that they serve the remaining triangles at happy hour for $2. Come on man - how cheap can you get? 
I will not be back.Delicious cocktails, disappointing food.  We loved Adsum and were happy to catch Chef Levin lurking around at Square Peg, but I have to agree with Leah G. and Ettya F. that the menu fails to live up to its own creativity.  Everything sounds like it's going to be SO yummy!  If only.  The fried chicken tacos had good flavor but were more breading than chicken.  The scrapple hash lacked seasoning, and the scrapple itself was too big (though I never thought I'd utter the words "too much scrapple") and too mushy.  I'm also not sure what would make their tuna melt cost $13 - I've had way better at a diner for a third of the price.  That said, I really love the space, and the service was great.  It didn't hurt that Bill Murray, who I LOVE, was there while we were eating brunch (though he also likes Jones, so someone needs to take him somewhere that actually has great food next time he's in town).  We'll definitely be back to hang out at the bar for drinks but we'll probably eat somewhere else in the area (there are way too many fantastic options to spend money on good ideas that just don't result in good grub).We arrived at square peg last Sunday morning around 1pm for brunch for my friends 30th birthday. Unfortunately we had a quite terrible experience. First off, we ordered simple drinks such as tea and bloody Mary's which took about 20 minutes to arrive at our table. No apologies from he waitress. As well, she did not take our order until about a half hour of us being there. When we finally ordered, our appetizer of pretzel bites came out late as expected and tasted like stale old croutons. We sent it back. How do you mess up pretzel bites? Then when our food finally arrived about another 30 minutes later friends who ordered salmon Benedict was raw. Let me rephrase that: raw eggs! As well, toast served tasted like cold cardboard. Goat cheese omelettes were atrocious. Manager visited table and offered to recook raw eggs and returned about 20 minutes later. It was too late! Our brunch lasted about two hours and we left hungry and aggravated. Words from the wise: stay clear of square peg. We should have known when all other brunch places had a line out the door and we merely walked right in. This restaurant is a disgrace to Philly and should be shut down.I made a reservation for Easter Sunday for my family.  While the day was Easter, I felt it was more like Christmas as I had been waiting for this place to open since I first read about it!  
The moment we set foot in the doors, the friendly staff immediately greeted us as if they were hosting us in their own home.  To half of us, this seemed genuinely nice and warm, but to the other half of our party,  they came off as a little overattentive.  There are many worst things in the world!  As soon as we sat down, our waitress gave us the overview of the menu and I was ready to go to town.  My head was spinning from the huge list of inventive flavor combinations.  The drink menu had at minimum 10 "must tries."  The milkshake selection already had me shooting out "meeting" requests for July afternoons.  
We decided to save the milkshakes for another day (and another review).  Instead, we started the meal with the Raspberry Thai Basil Lemonade.  This hot pink lady made us pucker as we fell in love with her tart, refreshing flavor.  For starters, we ordered an Easter classic with a twist.  The Deviled Eggs came with pickled mustard seeds and a light Wisabi mayo that packed a big punch.  We also enjoyed the Tacos in a Bag, which was Fritos, carnitas, queso creme and burnt scallions in an actual Fritos bag.  It is now hard to imagine tacos NOT coming in a Fritos bag.
For entrees, I selected the Cheese Steak Pot Pie.  Others at the table ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast Pegs and the Fried Chicken.  We spread out our napkins, lined up our forks and we waited for the main event!
My Cheese Steak Pot Pie arrived with a giant puff of pastry shell on top.  After digging (and digging and digging) my way to the bottom, I found the holy grail of pot pie fillings.  Cheese, steak and veggies mixed to perfection!  The pot pie has the POTENTIAL to be one of my favorite dishes in Philly.  The only thing holding it back is the puff pasty.  It was so high, and so much, that it made a big mess everywhere.  It also wasn't hot, and it was disconnected from the filling.  In reality, these are small details that are the difference between really good and great.  If they can tweak it a bit, its a definite grand slam!  The pot pie also came with hot sauce, which was finger licking good, but just not on my pot pie.  The boring side of my tongue wished it came with a spicy ketchup instead.  I did really enjoy amusing myself by playing with the squirt bottle, however!
The Bananas Foster French Toast Pegs was predictably a safe hit with everyone at the table.  The pegs were exceptionally sweet, as could be expected.  They had just the right balance of coffee caramel syrup and bananas.
The Fried Chicken ended up being the big winner of the day.  This was especially surprising as the presentation let something to be desired, and I simply don't eat fried chicken, ever.  The plate arrived with Kool Aid dipped watermelon, greens and a pool of more hot sauce. The watermelon sounds intriguing, but it fell flat with everyone at the table.  The pool of hot sauce also didn't do much for the dish.  However, the  chicken itself made up for these small items, as it was big, tender, juicy and OH SO tasty!  We had a debate about the exact spice combination.   I think it had hints of mustard and Indian/curry, but everyone else seemed to develop their own theories.  One thing we did agree on was that no one could put it down.  (Note:  The take home bag in the car mysteriously disappeared before I could grab it for myself..darn!)
For the most important, and final, course, we ordered two desserts to share.  The first dessert was a cream-corn based creme caramel.  It was a light and fluffy way to end a big meal.  However, my attention was focused on the epic deliciousness in a jar, the Chocolate Pudding Pie.  The thick layers of chocolate pudding were broken up by a perfect pretzel crust.  The dish was topped with burnt bananas that added just a hint of flavor to the dish.  This is the sort of dish Philly dessert legends are made of -- and the sort of dish that I think about when I wake up in the middle of the night.
Overall, Square Peg was everything I hoped for and more.  It is unusual for me to get excited about entrees, as I have such a weakness for drinks, starters and desserts.  Yet, their tempting offerings made me save some space for the main course.  With some small tweaks as they grow  Square Peg will be a fixture in the Philly dining scene -- and at the very least a place you will find me hanging out this summer.  I already am dreaming about more Chocolate Pudding Pie, and I eagerly await my next visit for a spiked milkshake.The turkey sliders were great. Water is served in jar that offer a county type feel. The menu is small but interesting. The seating on the back wall is a little tight, but I was able to check out everyone else's food around me and will be back to try a few more items from the menu. To me this is more of a lunch place. I wish they offered a few salads.Solid Happy Hour deal (3$ draft on their pick of beer and tasty snacks for 4$). Great tunes and atmosphere. Gonna come back to eat a full meal!I had a "date night" at square peg last Friday. I had called in the afternoon to set my reservation, and the woman who took the call was sooo friendly, I knew I was going to be looking at a great experiance.  When we arrived for our 730 reservation, there was no one else waiting for a table and we were seated right away.  There were two hostesses and they again were both very welcoming. We were seated upstairs, at this very industrial looking restaurant.  I expected it to be louder than it ended up being because there is nothing to absorb sound.  
The server was friendly, and was willing to make suggestions to us, and I also heard his explaining a lot to the table next to us...and he was very familiar with the menu.  However, remember everyones tastes are different :)  The specialty drink menu here has some great stuff, so I was pretty darn excited about that.  The beers were a mix of craft beers, and hipster beers.  Dogfish Head was the favored brewery and well worthy of the title, there were also some Troeggs and Magic Hat, then there were the PBR's, probably Kensinger and Come Hell or High Watermelon (which is a fun light beer).  The rest of the drink menu is seperated by spirit; vodka (Penn 1681 - a locally made Vodka) and Gin, Rye and Bourbon.  I am not a Bourbon person, but the Whitetail cocktail realed me in.  It was Whitetail Carmel Whiskey, Canton Ginger, lime juice and soda.  Yummmmoooo! We also tried the Blueberry Elixer with homemade blueberry simple syrup, and the Cucumber Lemonade and were also happy with those.  They were priced as expected in the city at about 10 bucks a pop.  
Our appetizer we went with the Fried Chicken Tacos.  They had a bite to them, with the spicy sauce, but the coleslaw helped to tame the burn.  It made me look forward to what would come next. 
Now this is where things started to go downhill for me.  Brandon got the Cheesesteak Potpie, which is philly style cheesesteak with a fluffy pastry top.  We were both were a little disappointed to find out it was litterally just that.  There was nothing special about the filling.  We could have gone to Jim's, Pats, Genos, or Tony Lukes and dumped the steak off the bun into this pot and had the same effect.  The Wiz was homemade, but big deal...it needs something more. I had done a hardcore cardio workout in the morning (anyone who knows me, knows this is not something I do normally) and was being more aprehensive about my order because I was determined not to waste that workout.  Dumb Dumb Dumb!  This is why I am not giving Square Peg a lower score.  I ordered the Turkey Burger and a side salad.  I don't even LIKE Turkey Burgers!!! What was I thinking!?!  Anyway, as a TB goes, it was not that bad.  It was smashed thin, with a crispy crunch arojund the edges.  The TB came with a cranberry relish and wasabi mayo.  There was so much relish, I tasted NONE of the wasabi mayo, and felt like I was eating a TB and jelly sandwich.  The side salad, mixed greens and a basic vinagarette, slightly overdressed in my opinion.  
Since dinner was meh, we gave in to the fat and ordered desserts.  Two of them! (Piggies) We ordered the Chocolate Pudding "Pie", which is a pretzel crust and chocolate pudding in a jar with "burnt bananas" on top.  Not gonna lie, it was good.  We also got the brownie sundae which has carmalized marshmallows and nutella fudge.  First problem, it came in an annoying sundae glass.  Who ever came up with them in the first place?!  They suck.  The marshmallows were stale hard little things, it would have been better if they were fresh toasted marshmallows.  I did not tast the nutella aspect of the dish, and the brownie pieces were reminiscant of the ones you would get at a serve-yourself fro-yo joint.  Merp! 
I want this place to be good, so bad!!! So I think I am going to go back for brunch, and lunch on two seperate occasions and go full force into the fat, starting with the deviled egg appy and Grilled Mac and Cheese Sandwich with Drunken Tomato soup for lunch, and the Breakfast Poutine for brunch.  Stay tuned for what I hope will be a better reveiw.We had a large party of 7 people.  Somehow my order was lost on the way to the kitchen.  When the food came out they realized I did not have an order.  They quickly asked if I would like a drink but since I was not drinking they offered me a side salad.  I got the side salad which was a $5 item.  Well it took them over 25 minutes to get my order out while the rest of my party had pretty much finished their dinners.  When we got the check they had not comped my order... only the side salad which in my opinion did not make up for their lack of service.  
The food was good but the service just ruined the experience for me. And I understand their are mix ups and things happen but it should not have taken 25min for my order to come out.With over 100 reviews I'm not sure if I have anything too useful to add. It's an open sunny space serving interesting American food.  I went with my daughter, my mom and my (ex)MIL  for lunch.   They had a nice menu, almost upscale diner food.  Of course they had your standard alcoholic drinks but they also had some fun nonalcoholic drinks.  
We enjoyed our meal, soup and sandwiches - i cant specifically recall what we ate.  I imagine this is a fun place for a happy hour too but that is pure speculation.  Not sure I would go out of my way to eat here again, but would certainly eat here again if I was in the neighborhood and in need of a light bite to eat.  
PS for the parents of little ones they did have a highchair.Had dinner on day 2 of their soft opening and despite awkward timing of service, had a good time...my friend was comped a beer due to the fact that they forgot side order, so props to waitress.
The space that housed Marathon has been revamped with a spacious bar and plenty of seating.
Tap list contained good local and regional selections, but no showstoppers.
Food was a step up from Marathon as well. I had the lobster corn dogs, a mousse of seafood battered and fried that didn't scream lobster but wasn't disappointing.
The chicken-fried tacos were more like General Tso tacos...oddly unsatisfying in their sweetness and lukewarm doughiness.
The spicy lamb meatball sub was definitely brimming with zesty North African heat but the stewed chickpea side was lackluster. 
The side orders of cauliflower and brussel sprouts were also ho-hum...lacking the caramelization that comes with roasted or pan-searing.
Again, this was a soft opening so I'm sure they will tweak the recipes to deliver ( i.e. Lobster flavor in corn dog or crispiness in chicken taco) and time the food to arrive still hot. I'm looking forward to seeing how things are 3 months out.Even though this opened up directly across from work, it took me forever to make it in here.  A friend had an hour to kill before her train so we stopped in here for a nightcap and just happened to hit the late night happy hour.  It was pretty empty (and not all that late in the night) but for what we wanted, it was great.  Having not many people meant that we could decompress a bit and talk without having to shout over the crowd.  They also played really good music so we were grooving to that while enjoying our drinks.  The staff was friendly, too.
My next visit here wasn't as great.  A group from work decided to go over for lunch.  They were busy, but able to seat us right away, which was nice.  I had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes.  The meatloaf was juicy and the bacon/Heinz 57 glaze was sweet and slightly smoky, but after I ate about half the meatloaf, the glaze became too sweet and I pushed most of it off.  The mashed potatoes were good, nothing spectacular but not bad, they had a nice texture and were seasoned well.  The whole plate felt like it was missing something and I couldn't quite put my finger on what it was.  
My issue with the lunch visit wasn't really my issue but my coworkers issue (and since she isn't on Yelp, I'll have to be the one to voice it).  She ordered the pulled pork and asked our waitress if it was on a bun that had sesame seeds on it.  She is highly allergic to sesame seeds so obviously this would be an issue.  The waitress said yes it was, so my coworker asked if they had any other rolls they could put it on.  The waitress said that they have long hoagie style rolls without seeds so she could put it on that.  However, when her plate came out, it was a pile of pulled pork mounded on top of the bottom half of a round roll which, upon further inspection, still had sesame seeds on it.  It was clear that the kitchen had simply given her the sesame seed roll without the top thinking it would be fine.  The waitress took it back and brought out a new sandwich on the longer, seedless roll, but what was the kitchen thinking?  Even without the remaining seeds issue, how in the world is someone expected to eat a pulled pork sandwich if it's sitting on the bottom half of a roll?  I can't wrap my head around the fact that the kitchen simply took off the top half of the roll and expected that to be fine.  If she hadn't noticed the seeds, she could've had a serious allergic reaction.  On top of the roll issue, both her and another coworker (who had also gotten the pulled pork) said it was way spicier than pulled pork should be.  
I think if I'm ever in this area late at night, I'd come back for the late night happy hour and maybe some small bites, but I'm not sure if I'd come back for a meal.after failing at getting tables for our large party of 7 people at the other places we wanted to go to we decided to eat here because the menu sounded interesting and we were really hungry. the decor was pretty nice and the music was pretty spot on. i mean lauryn hill should be a sign of good things to come right? anyway the food was okay, nothing really spectacular and a, in my opinion, overpriced. this is what i ordered
mac and cheese grilled cheese sandwich: in the words of gordon ramsay, "it needs more seasoning!" i've had several versions of this sandwich before and it's really hard to get away with so much carbs without seasoning. they need to make the mac n cheese flavor more pronounced because it just ends up blending in with the bread. the drunken tomato soup that came with it was gross. tasted like tomato paste.
breakfast poutine: was pretty good
falafel dish: my friend ordered this and did not like it at all. the falafel was bland and the pickled relish sauce was SO citrusy it was overbearing
the thai basil raspberry lemonade was pretty good though.
i give the food 2 stars. the extra star was for our server dustin who had a really sweet handle bar mustache. he was also really nice and patient too.The service was wonderful, too bad the service isn't what I was eating. I get it. They want to be different. Flanel Shirts for servers. Sandwiches that come missing the 4th quarter. Like really. Ok. Cut the sandwiches in 4ths and only serve 3/4ths. Tuna Melts  heated just like their matzo balls cold in the center warm on the outside. I'm sorry. This is Philadelphia, not a greyhound bus depot, expectations are high!I HAD THE MOST AMAZING CC SIPS EXPERIENCE LAST NIGHT!!!!!!!!
the deviled eggs and the chicken taco that were 2 bucks each.....im showing photos of them to my coworkers right now and just the images are making them drool......so i can only hope my rating will go up, since this is just their soft opening. the saving grace was that the staff was extremely friendly and courteous, offering to get the door for me as i had 2 bags of take out, making pleasant small talk at the bar, and being prompt & efficient. i had called to order 2 burgers and an omelette, but i guess since it's still their soft opening, they are not accepting phoned in orders. i had to go in and order in person. the woman on the phone also told me fries did not come with the burger (which they in fact do!) so i ordered a side of fries and walked out with waay too many fries- and in the trash they ended up sadly =(
the burger i had wanted med rare, but was a little too much on the rare side. meat was very pink & kind of chewy? aside from that the extra foie gras ($9 extra) and long hots ($1 extra) added a nice flavor. the burger itself was a whopping $16 and for that price, i don't believe i got my burger's worth. it would rather get a better constructed & tastier burger at moriarty's for half the price, truthfully. and worse, we both felt a bit queasy for hours after eating half a burger. i didn't try the omelette but my friend seemed to be very happy with it. maybe just steer clear of the burgers lol.Ambiance/decor was very nice. Waitstaff was solid.  Food was, eh.
Drinks:
Gingered Arnold Palmer was a bit water-y, not very gingery or lemony. 
Raspberry Thai Basil Lemonade was overly sweet, but that sort of worked since we were sharing the 2 drinks and the AP was not sweet.
Food:
We ordered (& split) the mac & cheese grilled cheese and the chicken sandwich.  Grilled cheese would have been nice except it was overwhelmingly American cheese.  It tasted like mac and cheese made with kraft singles. Gross.  Step it up with a little more mature cheese, Square Peg. Cheddar would even be better.  
The chicken sandwich sounded promising (goat cheese, carmelized onions, spinach, grilled portabello) - but the chicken was a big hunk - not pounded, not sliced thin, just a big chunk of a breast. The rest of it was pretty underwhelming.  Bun was decent and the homemade fries were great, but the main stars - the courses - were pretty weak.  Pretty disappointing.Yum to the fried chicken tacos, the side of collard greens, and the red fish sandwich fo sho, and I'm sure I'll be back just for the amazing boozy milkshakes (how can you say no to a drink called the Lil Lebowski?).  Also one star alone for the casual, two-story loft warehouse decor with the big retro-style posters on the brick walls.
The only downside about this place is that the service was notably aloof and unemotional from both the hostesses and our servers.  Sadly that really set the tone for what felt like a muted and unwelcoming experience at Square Peg.  As much as I enjoyed the eats and it'll be on my list of recommended places to go with my girl buds, I'll have a shade of hesitation when I come back here.Went here on a Friday for happy hour, and was pleasantly surprised. Square Peg is similar (I think) to Smokin' Betty's, which isn't a bad thing. Both are cool places that provide good food and good drinks without being too pretentious or kitschy.
I got a couple of drinks and some stuff off the Restaurant Week menu. The lamb mac and cheese was outrageously good, the cheesesteak pot pie was incredible (I would drink that Sriracha that comes with it if I could) and the carrot cake almost put me into a food coma. Based on what I tried, I don't think you'd be disappointed with anything on the menu.
My only (minor) complaint is that the bar service was pretty slow. We orded house cocktails off the menu and they took a somewhat-long time to arrive. The place wasn't that busy, so I'm not sure what the holdup was.
All-in-all, I'll be coming back to Square Peg soon.Hit up this spot for the first week of Center City Sips.  Service was a-okay, not great--not bad.  The bartender had a touch of amnesia I think, because every time I ordered a drink it was like we were meeting for the first time--Hi What can I get for you?  Do you have a tab? What's your name?.......deja vu?
Great ambiance, nice location.  The appetizers they served for SIPS seemed extremely tiny.  And because of this, I didn't order any food there.  I would probably have finished the fried chicken taco (singular, don't let em fool ya) in one bite.  To be fair, my bites are pretty huge so maybe one Amina bite = two normal people bites.  Either way, too tiny to order.