Stopped here for lunch while visiting Franklin Square and really enjoyed our hamburgers. Both my wife and I went with the single square burger and really enjoyed the fresh chopped onions and pickles on top. Yea, the burger is on the small side given the price and I could have easily eaten two, so that is a bit of a bummer. We also got a couple of orders of the crinkled fries, which came out crispy much to our liking. My son had the black & white shake, which from my small taste test was quite good. I had the root beer float, which was just OK. I wasn't a big fan of the custard inside the float. There is seating throughout the square and on this Sunday afternoon, we had no problem finding a table, but the place wasn't overly busy. Would definitely stop here again the next time we are in the area!So not worth it anymore. I work nearby and I've tried at least 3 times this summer to get a milkshake and every time they've been out of ice cream. WHAT? The home of the Cake Shake is out of ice cream? Once would just be bad luck, but several times in one summer is poor management. Today, I settled for fries, and they were limp and soggy. Franklin Square really need to find a better vendor for this primo spot. I will say the folks who work there are friendly and fast.It's hip to be square.  
It took us over a year to finally get on our bicycles and ride over to Franklin Square for some damn burgers.  This past Saturday we finally got the chance.  Franklin Square is what really makes this place unique.  Laughing children, picnic tables, carousels, big fat ladies in jorts and gold glitter platforms, dogs, the Ben Franklin Bridge, mini golf...it just sets the scene.
Boo and I ordered two squareburgers and a Cake Shake...his didn't come with all the fixins and mine took a decent amount of time to come out.  It probably wouldn't have mattered to me if it wasn't 90 degrees and humid.  
For $4.50 the burger was pretty good...I feel like I could get a better burger someplace else, but not someplace with the atmosphere of Franklin Square.  For another $4.50 the cake shake was worth it.  They grind up Tastykake Butterscotch Krimpets INTO your shake, line the cup with caramel sauce, and load whipped cream on top.  The fat straw made it go by too quickly...but also sped the process of shake to face....it's a win/lose.  The taste was more like a "dulce de leche" flavored shake...but you do get the graininess of the tastykake in there.
So, why aren't the burgers square shaped?The burgers are tiny, but somehow manage to still fill you up. Burgers are also made to order, which is great.
The Cake Shakes are excellent. The staff is friendly.
Most "common" items (bottles of water, etc) are priced at least a buck above what you'd find elsewhere in the city.
You'll get a good meal there, but I don't think what Starr is offering is very conducive to a nice lunch in the park. It's more of a "once every so often" kind of place.A very smart place to open a food joint. With the playground filled with kids using up their energy, burger, hot dogs & fries are what they will be demanding.
I don't remember ever having the burgers here but I use to love the thin cut fries that came in a cup. Then I think they were changed to trays which gave you so much more. I stopped eating here after that.
Judging from the pictures on here, thr burger looks pretty good & they have wavy fries now. Maybe I'll give it a try soon.Went here on a sunny Sunday for an outing in Franklin Square and was pleasantly surprised.  Mr. Starr's places tend to be a little overpriced, but for $20 we go two burgers, fries, and two shakes.  Not bad.  The food was all very burger shack good, nothing fancy.  That along with the great little park was a nice city outing.My first time time here for the lantern festival. I had a burger, sweet potato fries, and a lemonade. All were a waste of $$. The burger patty must have been frozen, cause it was watery, under seasoned, and undercooked. The sweet potato fries were bland but at least I could give them to my toddler to munch. Even my lemonade was watery. Next time will pack a lunch.We've come here before and enjoyed it, lately the buns have been stale and the burger patties not so flavorful. Not sure what the change is?  Service was good...they recovered well when we had to send back one of the ' funny tasting' burgers.Certainly good enough if your kid is playing in the park and you're hungry. In fact, in that context maybe this is a five star place.  The cooked to order food is really pretty good, and at least on the weekend, they do enough business that you have some assurance of freshness.  
Square burger is a essentially a food truck in a permanent building. No indoor seating, no waiters, a short menu.  The park that its' located in has plenty of picnic tables, cafe tables, and benchs, as well as lots of shade trees. The park bathrooms are better than you could reasonably expect for a public park bathroom in Center City.
Square burger isn't a destination, but it does its job.First of all let me say that Franklin Square is a GREAT park and this burger shack is the perfect for what it is.  The burger was just ok but I NEED to RAVE about the Tasty Kake Cake Shake.  It is AMAZING and a must try for the summer.  This thing is a serious game changer and raised my rating from a 3 to a 4.  If this review was strictly based on the shake it would be 5 stars.  Oh did I mention that the cake shake is AMA-ZING!The Good: The food was tasty and the proportions good. I actually had a difficult time finishing my fries, even with sharing. The day I went the service was adequate, but nothing special. There are small tables nearby and also some wooden benches. 
The Bad: The fountain soda was smaller than I expected for the price and they were out of all types of juice for the children.
The Ugly: Nothing that I could identify stood out as awful or unacceptable. 
I would eat here again on my next visit to Franklin Square. Enjoy!Tastykake milkshake. That's all I had here and it was awesome and if you can only order one thing- GET THE MILKSHAKE.Probably my least favorite part of the whole Franklin Square experience is SquareBurger. The staff is rude and unprepared (once they weren't ready to serve any food until 20 minutes after the posted opening time). The food is pretty low quality - it seems hard to mess up burgers and fries, but they are terrible here. It is very sad because I think I'd go to Franklin Square much more often if they had something good like a Shake Shack!Stopped by to see the Chinese lanterns festival in the park. It was getting close to lunch time, and I decided to give Square Burger place a try. So many things looked good. I decided on the BBQ Burger and fries. The service fast and friendly. Everything was excellent, the burger was moist with the crispy bacon and home made sauce with melty cheese and the fries were crispy.  I saw quite a few people with shakes, so I gave one a try, TastyKake Butterscotch Krimpet was thick and tasty. This is a great place to visit. Plenty of seating in the shade of the trees with a great view of the water fountains. One of Philly's best places to enjoy.It was a burger. It was pretty mediocre. I'd go here again only if I wanted to go to the park anyway and because it's right there in the middle of it, but I definitely wouldn't go because SquareBurger was anything spectacular or even above average. Pricey for sub-standard quality; seems kind of just like any fast food joint except it somehow managed to acquire a better reputation. The pictures don't even look appetizing. It was small, flat (if I wanted a cheap frozen patty I would've gone to Wendy's) and didn't really even fill me up. Can't vouche for the shakes; my friends got them and they looked delicious but I didn't try.Stop what you're doing right now. Get to Franklin Square by any means possible- car, bike, scooter, teleportation, whatever. And get a tastycake milkshake.
And if you're like me and like to end up in a diabetic coma by 2pm, get the burger and fries as well.
The burger wasn't bad, but I thought the fries were fantastic.
And mmmm the milkshakes! I want it right now.....Simple burger spot warrants a simple review:
Pros: good burger, nice texture on fries, really nice location.
Cons: Small burger, cold fries, fighting staff, EXPENSIVE. 
Bottom line: I liked it, but can't see myself going back.Square Burger, where its hip to be square. 
The burger tasted good and loved the crinkle fries that remind me of high school lunches. It was nice as we were exploring the park to come across Square Burger. It wasn't crowded when we went Friday afternoon, and there was plenty of seating around the fountain.
This is similar to the fast food chain Shake Shack we have in NYC, but thankfully we didn't have to deal with the huge lines or long wait times as other Yelpers. Guess I caught Square Burger on a good day hence the 4-starsBurgers are good, shakes are good.  We always just get the cheeseburgers and add our own condiments.  Love Franklin Square and this is a nice quick meal.  Be forewarned:  pretty pricy (but I consider worth it).Ever since catching one of this season's episodes of "How I Met Your Mother," I've been mindful of finding and treasuring great burgers. A recent Inquirer review sent me to SquareBurger with high hopes, which weren't entirely met but came close enough that I would go back and also highly recommend to others.
The Classic Cheeseburger is very juicy and has a nice blend of mustard and ketchup to it, and the potato roll was fine. It does have one drawback -- too darn small! It's more akin to a classy version of a fast food-size burger than a substantial one at a joint like Copa. I was sort of impatient with how long it took to get off the grill, though I am willing to concede that it was high-quality, and that's worth waiting for, I guess. 
The "Cake Shake", with blended-in Tastykake Butterscotch Krimpets icing-flavored syrup), was thick and yummy. The problem here was, it came WAY before the burger was ready. I had to let it sit -- and melt a bit -- so I'd have enough to enjoy with my sandwich. So, the serving of burger and shake could be coordinated better.
Finally, price -- It cost $9.50 for burger and shake (no fries, which I'd read were frozen and only so-so). So, the price needs to either decrease a bit, or better, the burger needs to increase in size. And again, they need to be served more closely together. But overall, I enjoyed the meal, and the park setting, with the fountain and lit carousel, were wonderful. I'll go back!Burgers and fries - blah blah blah, yeah, yeah, yeah - not any better than ShakeShack or any one of the other million places to get a burger in Philly....  But if you want a truly unique, knock your socks off flavor experience,  I have two words for you..... CAKE SHAKE!!!  Ditch the diet for the day, embrace your inner fat kid, and head on over to Franklin Park to get one - you won't regret it!  I'm not entirely sure of the details, something about vanilla milkshake with TastyKake butterscotch krimpets and then moooooore butterscotch syrup... need I say more????This is my worst experience at square burger.  I came with my daughter and ordered a vanilla cone and was told there was no more vanilla. I then asked for the shake of the day to which the manager Joycelyn  snidely replied that the shake had vanilla in it and said I told you before there was no vanilla remember. I told her she had horrible customer service and should not be a manager.  She then  told me that no one was forcing me to eat there! I proceeded to pay for a hot dog and chocolate Ice Cream for my daughter, and when I handed her the money she put my change down on the counter and refused to give me my change in hand. Worst experience ever I'll never go back!i think the reason i'm giving tihs place 3 stars instead of 2 stars is because the shakes and the extra wide straws were the best i've tasted!  perfectly blended.  yum.  i also really appreciate this place just being where it is.  it's great to have this has a food option in such a cute and quaint park.  rittenhouse should take notes.  
the real deal:
my friends ordered burgers and i went with a veggie burger.  for being called "square burger" you'd think the burgers would be a bit larger than they were.   i'm talking white castle size.  they had to order another one because they were still hungry.  points for laying on all the fixins.  and i totally appreciate the potato roll.  
but the veggie burger? yuck.  when i order a veggie burger at a quality joint, i expect it to be, well, a veggie burger.  meaning a compressed patty of veggies, grains, etc.  this was basically an oversized morning star version of god-knows-what packed into a firm dogfood disc that far exceeded the limits of the potato roll.  i ate it bc i was starving, but i'm not sure if i would have otherwise.  
also, for there being only 4 orders in line, it took a considerable amount of time to pump out our orders.  i think we stood around for a good 15 to 20 mins waiting.  i also asked for no cheese on my burger and my friend asked for no onions.  i got cheese and she got extra onions.  i know mistakes happen so no big.  but maybe it was opposite day?What SquareBurger is not:
-SquareBurger is not part of the gatropub burger revitalization that Philly is undergoing
-SquareBurger is not the kind of place you go looking for a big menu or earth-shattering dining
-SquareBurger is not attempting to make the best burger in the city. 
Now that we have that out of the way, it is a lot easier to explain why SquareBurger is super awesome. 
Like a back yard BBQ burger on a summer afternoon, these meaty concoctions just hit the spot. The beef is low-quality, the buns are of the potato variety, and the fries dont come with some fancy malt vinegar sauce on the side. 
Which is to say- perfect. So juicy from a high fat content, overwhelming the crunchy bun, the burger is simply delicious. And the fries are damn fine as well, sea-salted and crunchy. 
The fountain soda is vibrant and sugary, like any good burger companion should be. 
My fiance had the veggie burger. She doesnt like many veggie burgers, but this one she threw down like a homeless person who found a Primo's hoagie in the garbage. 
The tables are right next to a big, beautiful fountain. It is simply perfect atmosphere for a quick tasty bite.I finally made it to Square Burger after over a year of living in the philly-area.  The burgers are not like big, restaurant/pub-style burgers.  They're more comparable to McDonalds burgers, although a little larger with probably better ingredients.  With that said, I thought they were great!  Fries were good, burgers were good, shakes/root beer floats were good.
Would definitely go there again.  Only thing is that parking in that area is not very easy...Just got back from having lunch at SquareBurger, and I think I may need to curl up under my desk and have a nap. Tastycake shake? Yes please! That's all the calories I need for one day, plus the wonderful Butterscotch Krimpet taste I love so much.
The veggie burger was okay, but the point of this place is clearly the shake.Steven Starr is gone; the crinkle fries are gone; and any semblance of tastiness is gone.  I have loved SquareBurger for the last few years but the food I just had was bland and just enormously  messy.  Clearly the worst chocolate shake I have ever had.  Just how do you water down a milk shake?  Soggy fries.  A dry, overcooked burger.  I'll say one thing for the new owners.  They really know how to wreck a good thing.  And they charge you more?We stopped here for lunch last weekend after taking the kids to Franklin Square for some mini golf and play time. Considering it is your only option for food within the compounds of Franklin Square, I would have to give Mr. Starr two thumbs up for a job well done! I ordered a Square Burger (American Cheese, Pickle, Onion, Ketchup and Mustard) and a Philly Dog (All-Beef Hot Dog Wrapped in Kosher Salami, Onion, Cherry Peppers, Plum Tomatoes and Mustard). Both were very good. The fries were also tasty. We also tried the infamous "Cake Shake" which certainly lived up to it's hype. My only complaint was that the milk shake was not as cold as I would have preferred. I think this was because the milk shakes were ready far before the food was. Other than that, solid meal at a fair price in center city so no complaints from me! I will definitely return if I find myself in the area.Big thanks to my friend for suggesting this place. Serious Eats had a review of this place, and she insisted that we come try it out. 
We ordered a burger and fries to share. The wait was not too bad - less than 10 minutes total. Burger was done well and really juicy but a little salty. The chopped pickles were a nice touch, but  didn't appreciate the mustard (will ask for no mustard next time). All in all a good burger. Fries were not that fresh, so I was disappointed in them. The star of the meal was their cake shake - vanilla ice cream blended with butterscotch krimpets. Why didn't I think of this?! It was really creamy with small chunks of cake. Didn't get as much butterscotch flavor as I was hoping for, but it was still very delicious. My only negative about SquareBurger was that everything was a little pricey. 
Perfect way to spend a Sunday afternoon...great weather, nice park, wonderful friends, and some pretty tasty eats. Will definitely be back for a repeat.Makes Shake Shack average. 
Do not be intimidated if there is a line, usually goes very quick.
Really good simple, no nonsense burgers.
I am definitely a fan. Awesome place to take outtatowners.It's possible I had a bad experience. It's also possible I could have gotten the same burger at McDonald's three dollars cheaper. Don't get me wrong, the ingredients were better than Mickey D's: good cheese, good onions. But it's a made-to-order burger stand that a) uses a single line cook and b) doesn't ask how you want the burger made. I got a well-done burger slathered in mustard and ketchup on a crappy (albeit toasted!) roll and paid $4.75 for the pleasure.
Franklin Square is a great place to hang out. But it'd probably be best if you brought your own food.On this hot August Sunday afternoon, the park was relatively empty and thinks I: "This ought to be a good day to sate my craving for a good burger ".  And yes, there were only 2 people on line, and one ordered ice cream.  
So within 8 minutes of ordering, my burger and fries came out piping hot.  Judging from the long waits experienced from my fellow yelpers, i was indeed fortunate.  My fresh lemonade was good, but because of the heat, it was half gome by the time my food arrived.  For $2, it was decent, but could have had more zing and more volume.  The classic hamburger that i got was very good:  decent sized patty, juicy (i should have asked for medium rare) and good beef flavor.  I liked the potato roll that they used and the nice smother of onions, ketchup and mustard.  Satisfying burger and a tad nicer than my usual Five Guys.  The fries, on the other hand was over salted and inedible.  The tiny packets of ketchup could not douse out the sodium fire that engulfed my frites.  
But I complain much too much,  Shake Shack, it ain't, but a welcome addition to a well thought out park.  Will try the shakes next time with the kids.similar as shake shack in central park, good burgers and hot dogs, but no beer. crinkle fries were fresh. Plenty of seating, not crowded.Always enjoy a quick snack after playing frisbee with my dog! Strawberry Shortcake shake is amazing!SquareBurger sounded like a really good deal: convenient to a park and cheap prices. Sadly the burger I had left a lot to be desired. It was smaller than I'd expected, and lacked any flavor other than the mustard that's on it. The fries weren't even that hot. 
The CakeShake though, ooh that was so worth the trip. I hadn't had a Butterscotch Krimpet in over 30 years, and this just took me back. The dessert saved the day, otherwise I'd give one less star.I've been meaning to go to Square Burger basically since the day it opened. It's not in a convenient location, which may be one of the reasons I haven't made it. But yesterday, in the perfect weather, I rode my bike down here for lunch.
Square Burger is nothing more than a shack. Sure, it's owned and operated by Philadelphia's (arguably) most well known restauranteur, Stephen Starr, but that doesn't make it fancy. The atmosphere here is great though. You're in a nice, Philadelphia park with a Merry-Go-Round pumping out music and a mini-golf course nearby. There is a fountain in the middle and tables scattered around the park. On a nice day, it's a great place to eat.
The menu here is small. Cheeseburgers,hot dogs, fries and shakes are the mainstays. I believe there was also a salad, maybe a few other options. We both ordered cheese burgers and fries. The fries are fine, but nothing special. The burgers are small, but not too small. They're a great representation of outback, BBQ grilling. The buns are grilled, and the burgers are cooked on high heat to get a crunch outside, but are still well cooked throughout. The toppings here need some work, as our cheeseburger only came with diced onions and pickles. Tomatoes and lettuce go a long way.
I didn't have a milkshake, but I saw one being made. It looked fantastic. It had two butter cream TastyKake crumpet mashed in. It was the shake of the month, and next month they'll put peanut butter cupcakes in the shake.
There are two slight downsides: The line moves more slowly. Also, the prices are higher than they should be.
Bottom Line: It's nice to spend some time in the park. If you're like me, you could have a better burger at a fraction of the cost in your own backyard. The milkshakes are the biggest draw here. If you're sneaky, a trip to the Foodery at 10th and Pine can bring the whole experience up a notch.Who knew that an unassuming burger cart in the middle of Franklin Square could be so delicious?! We stopped by Franklin Square to see the holiday village and juicy hamburgers atop brioche buns were exactly what we needed to warm us up! The fries were also salty fried goodness! The ingredients tasted fresh, not frozen and the price of $7 / burger was much less than i expected for a stand at a park (which can be so overpriced!)
Who needs hot chocolate around Christmas when you can warm up with a burger?!Out of fries, ice cream, and lemonade. Orders taking 45 minutes and they were rude and clueless. Can't comment on the food because we left.The crinkle fries are fantastic, as are the milkshakes. 
I thought the burger was way too salty--inedibly so.
Staff has always been friendly,  but sometimes it takes way too long for the food to come out. Especially when you have a busy toddler with you.Tried SquareBurger on my way home from the grocery store yesterday. Waited for about 10 minutes in line - group in front of me was related to the crew working & spent a long time ordering & chatting. After I ordered, waited about 10 minutes for my food. 
I got a Classic Cheeseburger, French Fries, Cake Shake, and a Chocolate Shake. The Cheeseburger was good - well seasoned, soft roll, decent amount of toppings. Fries were crispy & well seasoned. The Cake Shake was heaven - soft serve + Tastykake Butterscotch Krimpets. Creamy and awesome! Chocolate shake was thick and yummy. 
Nice spot if you're in the area - and I will definitely be back for another Cake Shake - but I wouldn't make a special trip.Nothing amazing, but good! I wouldn't travel to this park just to come here, but if you're in the area, you should try it out.My visit probably would have been better if not for the hipster cashier. I ordered three burgers but forgot to add the fries and milkshakes so I had to add those to my order giving him an opportunity to thank me or acknowledge me twice. At least give me a  "you're welcome" when I thank him for giving me MY FOOD I PAID FOR. I was in my Police uniform so perhaps he doesn't like cops (kinda got that feeling). Being fair-he wasn't overtly courteous to the other customers either. I actually asked him what his problem was and why he didn't thank me or say you're welcome when I thanked him, the 2 cooks in the kitchen stopped what they were doing and looked up to see what his answer was going to be- he said "sorry" unapologetically. 
Besides the service- I think this is amazing that you can get very good (not great) food for a decent price in Franklin Square. I was expecting a little better of a burger with Stephen Starr's name but overall I would have returned back. The shakes and fries are very good/great but the burger is close to something you could make yourself on a grill with a roll that you can buy in the Acme. That being said it's great that it's affordable and accessible to the park patrons.
My visit was sometime in May 2015.This is a Steven Starr effort?  Hmmm . . .  not up to his usual standards, I think.  Perhaps it is the location?  Franklin Square was, for a long time, a neglected park, because of its location and the fact that it has no parking.  It is surrounded by office buildings and several major thoroughfares in Philadelphia. 
Anyway, we went to Square Burger because we are fans of Starr's restaurants.  We tried the burgers and hot dogs.  Nothin' special . . . you would find the same at a high-end Shore hot dog/burger joint.  Still, it is nice to see that Starr is trying to revitalize areas of the city that have largely been neglected.  Be forewarned.  The parking is terrible in the area.SquareBurger will not disappoint. 
The prices are appropriate for the area, just don't bring Vincent from Pulp Fiction ("did you just order a five-dollar shake?"). 
The shop is known for it's Krimpet milkshake (cake shake), which pays homage to Tastykake (snack food manufacturer based out of Philadelphia).I feel lucky to have this place so close to my office --- it's also dangerous because the cake shakes (vanilla with butterscotch kimpets) are constantly calling my  name. Some people may say the burgers are small, but they're enough to make me full and satisfied. Staff are always very friendly, although it can take a while to get your food (maybe 10-15 mins...still not terrible for a made-to-order burger). 
My only complaint is they changed the fries --- they used to be fresh-cut thin ones, and now they're crinkle fries. I'm sure a lof of thought went into the decision, but I do miss those old fries and prefer them over these.The burgers come with nothing on them.  I requested tomato on my burger, and despite they do have them for the Philly hotdog, they told me no.  I couldn't pay extra for tomato.  Also the staff was pretty snotty about it.Square Burger is an adorable little Steve Starr joint in the Franklin Square park near Chinatown.
My boyfriend and I have ridden our bikes to this spot a few times this summer to sit at the tables by the fountain and get the Square Burger and fries. Their fries are so good! Salty, crispy and reminds me of the kind you get at Micky - D's. The burgers are delicious and remind me of a mcdonalds cheeseburger but 5x better - with all the fixins.  Only bad thing is they are so small and I still feel hungry after each having our own burger and splitting a thing of fries.
Once again, I heard that the milkshakes are the bomb, but I can't drink them cause of my milk allergy. Otherwise, I would recommend trying them out.
SquareBurger is the perfect little lunchtime treat in the summertime in Philadelphia. I recommend walking or riding your bike but not driving -I don't think parking exists.The diced pickles on their burgers won me over.
I also loved the "crust" on the outside of the patty. Then the center was nice and juicy. Great burger texture and flavor!
SquareBurger's burgers might be simple, but they are so damn tasty.
Is it summer yet? I could definitely go for a burger and tasty cake shake!There are few things that please my not-so-inner fat kid more than SquareBurger's Tastykake Cake Shake. Tastykakes through a straw?! Why didn't I think of that? I must have been feeling uncharacteristically nice that day (I'm going to blame the milkshake euphoria) because I even shared it with my boyfriend who has never had tastkakes before (sad) and he absolutely loved it. 
The only thing that has kept me away from Squareburger in general is the blasted line. I ate waiting for my food (fat kid again), but if the milkshakes are any insight into what this stand in general has to offer, I guess a ten to twenty minute wait isn't all that bad.I loved Square Burger. It is a fun quaint little shack. The burgers are delicious and the staff is very nice as well as efficient. There where a ton of people in line when I went, yet I did not have to wait to long.
Although the name on the sign says burgers, this place makes possibly the best milkshakes I have ever had. The root beer float was awesome, pure deliciousness.
The food service and atmosphere where awesome, however the one thing that keeps this place from the full 5 Stars is the seating. There really is not much of it. If they added some more tables this place would be the perfect summer treat....Square Burger's burgers are anything but square. $4.50 gets you a deliciously juicy burger (I get mine medium rare), chopped up onions and pickles, and a smear ketchup & mustard served on a standard steamed bun. Adding hand-cut fries will cost you, but they're pretty good and not stingy in the serving. I hear the hot dogs are great but I can't seem to think about anything but this awesome burger!
The real splurge comes with the milkshakes I try so hard not to indulge in any more!! Birthday cake shake = butterscotch krimpets tastykakes & vanilla ice cream & optional cool whip. They have a shake of the month each month in addition to the birthday cake shake, things like orange sorbet, strawberry shortcake, and mint chocolate, all held to a higher standard than your average shake. 
Special note: The line does get ridiculously long, so avoid the peak hours if you hate waiting. I think it's nice though, since you're just standing in the park, next to a nice fountain and drinking-water fountains. You are, however, in direct sun, so bring a hat or wear your sunblock, cause it really bares down! 
(The burger shack is in Franklin Square. There are also public restrooms, a putt-putt course, merry-go-round, jungle gym, and plenty of picnic tables and benches throughout, so finding a quiet or sunny place is easily done.)finally went here last Friday.  The fries were nice and crispy, the drink I had was good, but the veggie burger I had was just ok.  It wasn't even warm.  It was like room temperature.  But this doesn't compare to the wait I endured.  The person I was with got her burger promptly, but I swear I waited like a half hour.  There was even a girl that was in a group ahead of me that was still waiting after I got my veggie burger.  She was waiting for a hot dog so I've come to the conclusion that if you order anything other than a regular burger, you're going to be waiting for a while unless they get their act together.Great food, but slow line - give yourself at least 20-30 min for wait. If you're playing minigolf, you need to leave around the 12th hole or so and go get in line.
If you're on the fence to grab a bite here, here's two words: Cake Shake. It's basically a vanilla shake with peanut butter Tastykakes mixed in. Absolutely heavenly, and goes great with a cheeseburger and fries. And I didn't realize how eco-friendly they are with their biodegradable packaging.My boyfriend and I decided to take a walk with the dog down to SquareBurger from South Philly to check it out after work. We arrived around 7:40 and got in the line of 1 other person. When we got up to the counter, before I could order the woman at the register told me they were closed, no exceptions. There were no patrons behind us in line and it wasn't event 8 pm yet. I was pretty disappointed by the service, and probably won't venture back to try the food. bummer.  :(Slow, slow, slow.
Burger was cooked very unevenly and the fries were hard.Meh, I've experienced better is RIGHT, mister Yelp star explanation box.
I ventured to Stephen Starr's SquareBurger on a lark one week when I was looking for places serving fresh, fast food.  I would've preferred Wendy's.  
For the price of an arm and half a leg, I "enjoyed" a large soda and simple, small burger that I inhaled in 5 seconds.  While it was cooked well, and had a decent flavor, I since described it to friends as a drink coaster served between two more drink coasters.  I found it to be unreasonably small.  The cheese also added no distinct flavor to the burger.  I didn't even bother with their milkshakes that cost almost as much as the meat itself.  
Big ripoff and a lot of hype for basically three coasters and some fizzy acid.  I'm sticking with Wendy's from now on!Went during lunch today with some co-workers, and I have to say, I was disappointed.
The prices are great, and I didn't mind the small portion size. But I expected something more inventive and unique from a Stephen Starr restaurant. If they're going for simplicity, then every element should be absolutely perfect. My overall reaction was "meh."
(However! The shakes are very tasty.)Officially opened on Thursday, July 16th!!
Ok, in defense of SquareBurger, the opening days played host to over 300 police and firemen, press events and hype, not to mention the first time being to the public in the already bustling Franklin Square. Calm down Yelpers. You all work so hard to be the first to complain. Why not talk about how there is finally a permanent food structure in the park and how that whole side of Race Street is no longer and drug infested shanty town and also how you, your families and friends can feel safe in a space that was voted "The best Kids Play Space" in the city!!
As for the burger, it's on a potato roll! How large did you expect the burger to be? If you buy the way the make it, with all the fix'ns, the burger is quite satisfying! Add fries to that and you will barely have room for the "Cake Shake"! I think for under $10 you can have a burger, fries and a shake in a space designed to entertain which traditionally would have high prices, I think that's a great deal for food that is not mediocre!
Without being petty and understanding the nature of a start up, I am a HUGE fan of SquareBurger! Yelpers, give it another chance!Cake shake itself is 5 stars. 
Crinkle fries 3.5.
Burger 3 - it was not large in area, but thick. I thought my burger was way too salty. In general, I need more greens than pickle on my burger. 
Good location and good for a quick, non-memorable meal.Considering the wait and the cost of a burger here, I thought I was going to get the manna of all fast food. Eh. It was a fried meat patty. What was my alternative? A hot dog cart four blocks away? Nothing to go out of my way for, but if you want to take the kids to the park and get a halfway decent lunch while there, go for it.I am a bad, naughty, dirty, weekday vegan....
Yes I just started my "summer weather diet" but I couldn't help myself. It was 87 degrees out and I live 3 blocks from Franklin Square Park. I took my dogs for a "walk" and decided to sneak myself the famous SqaureBurger *CAKE SHAKE*!
Was it Vegan? No
Was it under 300 calories? Most likely not
Was it amazing?! It's a milkshake made of vanilla ice cream blended with TastyKake Butterscotch Krimpets, sponge cakes covered with butterscotch icing.... YES IT WAS FREAKIN' AMAZING!
Do I have regrets?! Of course I do and no I did not tell my husband or post it on Facebook.
Ashamed, I took a long cold shower after to scrub off the guilt & sickness I felt from the sugar overload.
But yes ladies it is worth all the shame! Treat yourself this summer and let it remain your dirty little secret. ;-)This place reminds me of the original Shake Shack location in NYC except for all the damn squirrels running around begging for food. Don't feed the animals people. The burgers could be cooked a little more, but they were still pretty damn good. I decided to have a honey gram-cracker shake to compliment my meal; one of the best choices I ever made in my life.  The fries are nothing to write home about but; they are french fries. Yet, my two check ins here says everything.I love Square Burger because it is right across from where I work, so it is part of my regular lunchtime repertoire in the spring and summer. The namesake Square Burger is a classic cheeseburger with fixins' and it goes really well with their hand-cut fries. In my opinion, the star of the operation is the Cake Shake milkshake. It is absolutely sinful - a vanilla milkshake made with an entire PACKAGE of TastyKake Butterscotch Krimpets, drizzled with caramel sauce and topped with whipped cream. I have tried a few of their other milkshakes when they offer them, but none lives up to the Cake Shake. 
The downsides are that it gets very crowded on nice days and you sometimes have to wait 15-20 minutes for your food. Also, the prices are quite expensive given that the portions are rather small and not always filling.Come for the milkshakes. Get a burger only if you are really hungry. I made my first/probably last visit to Squareburger today. The cheeseburger was tasty but I had to stop chewing twice to spit out small hunks of cartilage. Not an appetizing experience & definitely not one I'd pay for again. I also got the shake of the month - peaches and cream. It was delicious.Really Cool location. The food was good, not amazing and a little pricey. I would go again if i was there but would not go out of my way to eat there. Novelty place, that's it really.had to wait quite awhile. it would have sucked a little bit if it weren't a beautiful day and i didn't have good company to wait in line with.
the burgers were great. environmentally-friendly corn-based plastic cups and grass-fed beef. well, i guess the latter sticks it to the corn lobby, right? also not too expensive-- with drinks we fed four people for $24. not bad, huh? wasn't too filling but i sure as hell don't need to eat an eight ounce burger every time i eat meat.... would have been nice if we could have added our own toppings, since i generally like to put a lot of relish or onions or jalapeños, if available, on thurr.
minus one star because of the line, the hype, and the malts, which are of substandard quality. as a connisseur of the classic american malt, i reserve the right to make this judgment.Decent burgers and milk shakes but the homemade lemonade tasted like "homemade" pink country time and the iced tea tasted almost like bad kombucha...definitely had been sitting for too long.The classic cheeseburgers were amazing! The crinkle fries were good but not as good as the burger. The chocolate shake is one of the best I've ever had! Prices are kind of high but definitely worth a try.It's just a stand in a park buuuuut the burgers are really freakin' good.  Shake Shack-esque.  And this place has better shakes, in my opinion.  Particularly the Cake Shake.  Best in the city.
Fries weren't all that great, not bad but nothing notable.  But this will be the best food stand ina c ity park you've ever been to, for what that's worth.The burger is certainly not the star of the show at SquareBurger. 
I mean, it's fine. Simple. The combo of toppings - ketchup, mustard, hot pickle, onions - is sort of classic in a McDonalds kind of way.  The patty was just too well done for my liking. I like my red meat to be, well, a little red. I'm into the grilled potato roll though. 
The cake shake, on the other hand, totally knocked my socks off. It was butterscotch heaven with little bits of krimpets and icing mixed in. Amazing!so i have yet to actually have a burger (well...the veggie burger since i don't eat meat) but i will say the one thing i know: that cake shake is damn good. 
I've heard lots of good stuff about this place, but it was hot as dickens so i was revved up for a good milkshake. and butterscoth krimpets in it? yes please! it was everything i could have wanted. you could taste the pieces of the icing and krimpet in it. i felt overjoyed. new favorite guilty pleasure food.
i'm going to come back and try some more stuff. the shake alone has me hooked.Reviews be damned I went down to check this place out for myself and I'll have to say I think a lot of you yelpers are either too harsh or need to head back there.
I ordered a cheese burger with fries and a large drink which came out to less than $7 which was pretty cheap in my opinion. The staff was a little disorganized but I think that's to be expected when you're just starting up. There was a group in front of me so it did take about 10 minutes or so to get my order. They were very friendly though and aware of the wait. The head chef gave the guy in front of me an order of free fries for having to wait a bit.
The burger was really good, juicy and not overcooked. If for some reason you like your burger cooked well done, I'd probably let them know. Good roll and lots of toppings. The burger was smaller in circumference but thicker than I expected so it was of adequate size in my opinion. The fries were very good as well. Thin cut and crispy, no need for ketchup, the true sign of a good fry. There were plenty for me so I'd have to imagine the reviewer that thought there weren't enough probably orders the super size at McDonald's.
If you're eating at the picnic tables, beware of the birds. There was this little one that wouldn't leave me alone trying to get at my fries. They know no fear and are very persistent. It came so close I could probably have picked it up and it took so much for me to shoo them away you might have to do just that to keep them from stealing your food.Compared to the other burgers in the city this is more McDonalds like but I love the idea that it's a Steven Starr restaurant in the middle of Franklin Square that is basically fast food and you can sit on a park bench and eat....it's served in a box And I hated the fries,food is below average but the atmosphere is awesome
Bun--McDonalds
Meat--salty like McDonald's
Toppings---nice selection
it's just a fun place to go and for around 7 bucks for a burger and fries that's fineStephen Starr's answer to Five Guys. Made fresh and delicious. The fries weren't anything great, I wish they'd been fresh cut, not out of a box. But at least they weren't expensive. Next time I'll definitely try a shake. A woman walked by with what I believe was a Peanut Butter TastyKake shake and almost got mugged for it ... Looked yummy! A great addition to Franklin Square.Saw this on a list of recommended places to try in Philly, and were immediately excited by the cute outdoor seating area. Unfortunately, our experience there was so bad you'd think it happened in a movie. 
We ordered five burgers and an order of chips and guac. We wanted to order milkshakes and lemonade, but they were out of every single kind of ice cream as well as lemonade. This was on a Saturday afternoon in the summer. 
The chips arrived first, and while the guac was fine, the chips were all stale. We showed them and asked for new chips, and they just gave us more stale chips! Of the five burgers, four were so raw we were afraid to eat them, and one didn't exist. That's right, they just served us a bun, lettuce, and tomato, no burger patty at all! When we asked for the burger patty, they didn't believe us, and I had to talk to them for several minutes before they would even give us another (raw) burger patty. 
But what really takes the cake was that one of the burgers was served with old cheese crusted on the bun, and it was so hard that we still to this day think it might have just been yellow plastic. They tried to tell us the bun was fine, and we ended up just having to eat that burger open face. 
The worst thing about it was how uninvested the employees were. The were totally unapologetic, and made no attempts to rectify the situation at all!
On the upside, this experience was so wildly bad that it has become a funny family story!Walking through Philly with my friend and I noticed that we were passing "Franklin Square Park" so I told him to stop because I heard of this spot from yelp and I had to expierence it.  As I approach the kiosk I see the staff cleaning up, looking like they were ready to go home. I look at my watch and notice that it's 5:56 and they close at 6. So instead of being "That Customer" I asked them when they would be re-opening, to which they told me, "It's not problem man go ahead and order something if you want it you still have time."  Now THAT'S customer service! I was impressed because I know if I was in their shoes I probably wouldn't have been so nice. 
I noticed that their milkshake of the month was "Blueberry cobbler" so I ordered one.  It was seriously the best milkshake I've had. Better than anything CookOut or Sonic produces in HR. I let my friend grab a taste and he agreed.  I can't speak on their food, but If you're in Philly do yourself a favor and grab a milkshake from SquareBurger.Overall, pretty disappointing experience given the recent hype.  Went there on a Sunday afternoon and the line fluctuated from a few people to as many as 15 or so.  The ordering process seemed unnecessarily chaotic and their system of giving you some items at the front and others from the side seemed ridiculous.  Clearly, significant kinks need to be worked out.
The burgers were smaller than we expected and don't come with lettuce or tomatoes.  Decent buns, though.  Fries were okay, but again, don't expect too many in the cup.
My friend liked the Kake Shake, but he's a long time local kid who grew up on Tastykakes.
I predict that the curiosity factor will only keep people coming for a little while longer.  Unless there are some big improvements, I know I won't be coming back any time soon.In the heart of Franklin Square, Stephen Starr caters to those craving an all-American menu - burgers, hotdogs, and fries. Despite being a corporate juggernaut, SquareBurger highlights the fact that Starr knows how to please pedestrian palates as well - not necessarily a bad thing when it's done right, and at affordable prices to boot!
On a recent weekend afternoon, the GF and I set out for Franklin Square. We got in line, which was already packed with parents bringing their kids out for some minigolf, a ride on the Merry Go 'Round, and of course, some burgers and fries. 
SquareBurger [$4.75 x2]
American cheese, pickle, onion, ketchup, mustard
As they should be, these burgers are grilled on the flattop, creating a nice, salty crust, with a juicy interior. The potato rolls were nice and pliant, housing a melange of cheese, pickle, onions, and the requisite condiments. Nothing fancy, but a great bite nonetheless. Interested in a double SquareBurger? It's $2 more.
The Philly Dog [$4]
All beef hot dog wrapped in salami, onion, cherry peppers, plum tomatoes, mustard
The Philly Dog was a nice twist on the typical hotdog. Wrapped in thin salami, the all-beef hotdog still had great snap, with an extra salty emphasis from the salami. The vinegary cherry peppers offered a countervailing acidity to each bite - somewhat reminiscent of a Shake Shack's SmokeStack. 
Crinkle Cut Fries [$2.50]
The crinkle-cut fries are done right. Crispy and salty on the outside, and creamy within. Now that Shake Shack is done with the crinkle-cut variety, SquareBurger may be the place in Philly to get your crinkle-cut fix.
SquareBurger offers American tastes in the heart of Philadelphia, without any unnecessary frills or price gouging. Now that summer is here - what better way to spend your weekend afternoons?People have complained about my old review, so now i will simply say they make decent burgers & shakes.  Is it akin to Shake Shack in NYC?  I don't think it's nearly as good and the burgers are smaller.
Want more deets?  See grubstreet's write up.  It was perfect!Wasn't very impressed but unfortunately I will be back since it's the only food vendor in the square and I'm too lazy to walk elsewhere.
1 - Burgers were REALLY salty. It's almost like i was biting into bits of salt crystals.
2 - Food takes forever long
3 - Milkshake was a fail. Received it and it was basically all melted. Made me wonder if they just gave me a cold glass of milk w/ foam on top.
4 - Lemonade was tart but definitely better than one that is overly sweet.