Decent place. Dropped in to see a band perform. Dark and cozy setting. Was confused with the inclusion of two bars. Noise level is moderate. Heard there used to be pool tables, but not when I was there. Bummer. Word of warning, this place has indoor smoking, so if that's not your thing, be aware. Overall, not a bad spot to get in and grab a drink if you're in the area.Went here for McThrill's birthday bash.
Pros
Good beer selection
No cover
Nice, helpful bartenders
Cons
Smoking
So, that's it really.  It's not a bad place by any means.  I just know that my clothes still smelled like smoke the next day.Okay, first I need to say that I've never had food here, so I can't grade it. I'm only going by the atmosphere on Thursday, karaoke night. I am a fledgling rock star, and so to overcome my stage fright I have been trying to get out to karaoke. We chose this place because we heard it was fun. I was disappointed to get there and see that there were only maybe 6-9 people in the bar. So I was kind of sad that my awesome performance was barely noticed, but nobody else's was really either, so okay. It did get more crowded as the night went on. By the time I did a second song, I got lots of applause and cheers. (Unfortunately I was rapping, so I could not take it as a testament to my powerful voice.)  I love that you can smoke in here. I believe bars should all allow smoking, like the good old days. Get over it. If you can stand a bunch of drunk people, you can stand the smell of cigarettes. But if you are sensitive to that or have asthma or something, don't come here I guess. Also, they make their White Russians with Bailey's..I was familiar with Kahlua, milk or cream, and vodka..this place, when I found my drink too strong and asked for some milk, was like "We don't have any. We use Bailey's." Uh. What? That's bizarre. No milk or cream? Who the hell uses Bailey's in a White Russian? So, that turned me off. The Malibu Bay Breeze I had subsequently was good, though. Also, they don't have any Scotch. I mean literally none. That's really strange, and something they need to fix. My boyfriend had bourbon instead and he really doesn't like it and felt sick afterward.
The photographer was very friendly, but he kept talking about putting pictures up on Facebook. When I went to Facebook, the page for this place doesn't even have any posts. Just bare-bones information. So..wondering when those pictures will appear, since their Facebook's almost pointless.. 
The karaoke DJ is very nice, and sings songs herself. 
It was a nice, chill place for my first time singing in public in many years. A low-pressure environment for anyone with stage fright, but at the same time you might not get the enthusiastic reception you desire.Nice atmosphere, friendly staff and reasonable priced drinks.  Food is pretty good, and a great quizzo with a variety of questions. Has a juke box,  fake fireplace, and pool table.  Recommend for a chill night out - Tuesday night is quizzo night (call and check as it changes occasionally).Interesting, this place.
Service has been hit or miss. Almost all of the bartenders are cute as a button.  Crowd is so mixed it boggles my mind.  
Pluses: pool table, fireplace, outdoor seating, good beer selection, cheap.
Haven't had any negative experiences here.amazing bartender on monday nights. didn't catch her name but she was so genuine and showed us her puppy photos all night while serving us great beers she was knowledgeable about. coming back to try the food soon!!The Station has the beset quizzo I have ever been to.  The hosts are totally awesome and come up with the greatest questions.  They always have an interesting music or picture round.  The questions range from sports to nerd things like video games and comic books.  They have it every Thursday night from 9-11.The service was terrible and the bartender didn't know anything about the beer they were serving. We didn't get to try the food since no one came over to ask us if we wanted to order. There was absolutely no one else in the bar so not being waited on seemed odd.  Will never go back.Every time I come here I feel right at home. The bartenders are so sweet and always remember exactly what I drink whenever I walk in. It feels like home whenever I walk in. I never feel like a stranger. Food drinks. Good drinks. Can't complainWent here for brunch and bottomless mimosas (as advertised). When we got there they said someone had to go pick up champagne because there was none. So we waited, ate, and had a beer. At no point did anyone show up with champagne for mimosas. Not sure if this was just a fluke or if this is how every Sunday brunch is.Station Bar & Grill is great. The food, especially the wings, is just amazing. Prices are all really fair especially for how good the food is. They have a couple of TVs, dart board and a pool table. Staff is all friendly and nice. Not much else to say, great all around, 5 stars.do not go to the station. 
the decent interior decor may fool you.
terrible service (if any).
uninformed staff (if any).
tons of dudes being rowdy and annoying. 
no atmosphere. 
i went home stinking like a greasy spoon.
go to the tap room up the street and get a real meal and a real beer from a much friendlier staff.Been meaning to check this place out and it was a quiet and chill Thursday. Our welcoming & spiffy bartender Net was awesome and pleasant. The place has been recently renovated and I must say it is quite charming. 
Seatings galore, whether you prefer outside, booths, bar, and the space is pretty fair. Not sure when its crowded. 
Amenities include one pool table, jukebox, TV! I did have the burger and onion rings and they were actually darn tasty for bar food. 
CASH ONLY! ATM available inside. 
Will be back !!The copious amounts of smoking occurring at this South Philly revamped corner bar is out of control. I recently saw a gig there, my first time at this place. I was aware smoking was allowed inside, which is beyond me how that is legal? Regardless, the bands playing was enough to get me in this place. It was aesthetically pleasing, nice decor, somewhat friendly staff. The place is too small and narrow to have gigs requiring larger venues, as was the case this past weekend. It was obstructed views of the band at best, with tons of smoke being blown around. The people smoking there reminded me of crack addicts who are allowed to smoke crack in public. They were like kids in a candy store, going to town, smoking like perpetually operated smoke stacks.  It was ridiclous. 
  The beer selection was very average, as was the bar food selection. Another annoyance at this joint, was this woman selling chocolate covered strawberries to raise money for her child's computer purchase. I believe the "new computer" was a metaphor for fueling her booze habit. She looked and acted a bit mental. I want to see a gig not be solicited on site. Great gig, but a bad location. If I lived around that area, and there was no smoking involved, the place wouldn't be half bad. But with that said, it is a dead issue for me. I would not waste my time going back to that joint, unless I want to tempt fate with second hand smoke fueled cancer. Get with the times people, smoking in public in Philly, is illegal and dangerous for us non smokers. Go smoke in an iron lung.This place is awesome.... I walked in two weeks ago for my first time and Brand New was playing on the juke box... fabulous. They have a relatively good beer list for a reasonable price. The guy who was bartending, Adam, was a total babe and super friendly and just all around made the experience great. My only complaint would be the bathrooms... they're tiny! But, they were clean so that's all that matters :) GO TO THE STATION!Monday night karaoke. OMG I seem to make friends who sing all the time. K-bars must be my place. KJ was cool & let us sing the more wide range songs becus she trusted us not to screw up the song - otherwise she said wouldn't let anyone else the songs we pick!!! Lol. People are dancing & letting loose  here, so it's really fun environment when I went. I feel safe here in South Philly k-bar. Summer time thing but I think I should sing more in the depressing winters too. LolFantastic family owned establishment. Forget the chains...go to this a cozy neighborhood spot.  Watch a game, grab just cocktails and even Sunday brunch!!!Great place overall! Good food, tasty cocktails, and good friends...what more do you need ‍ I've recommended the Station Bar & Grill to friends of mine for their Sunday brunch along with their Super Bowl parade party which was a blast! Looking forward to making more memories at the SB&G.I know they're out there, but the Station is the only wild bar I still frequent. The weird, perennially plastered regulars get tossed out on a nightly basis, and the rowdy youngin's roll around on the floor wrestling and knock shit over.  
Be prepared to drink anything, because they run out of everything. My first two or three choices are usually not in stock. Sometimes I just say "what DO you guys have?" And I'm not just talking about nice stuff like wanting a Chimay and after several other picks of incrementally lesser quality ending up with a PBR. That happens too, but sometimes, you just want to pound shitty beer with friends and end up having to order pitchers of Stella Artois.Went here on Thursday with a couple friends. It was an alright place. Dark, but, didn't really feel that cozy. That is just me, though.
My one girlfriend said she wanted to play pool, but, I don't remember if there was even a table there. I didn't see one anyway and also recall an unused 2nd bar. 
The rest of the seating in addition to at the bar is high tables and booths. Drink prices were alright I suppose. I didn't buy them, but, nobody in my group complained. They were out of Coors Light, though. 
I'm actually surprised there was food. Perhaps they stop serving it earlier on weeknights? We didn't get there until almost 11. I was never told about any specials or offered a menu. 
Would return. It's a pretty average neighborhood bar that I wouldn't mind hitting up once more.Love a place with a juke box! Cheap drinks and food. The food portions are huge! Diverse crowd in this easy going neighborhood hangout.This is your average bar. The drinks are made right and the crowd is nice. I especially like coming on Sunday nights, which is referred to by my friends as "Mexican night". There's a pool table and dart board, if you can get here early enough. Sunday night has a Mexican DJ, hence the nickname and the crowd. I think you'd like this place!This place is magical! Best bar in south philly. There's never a dull moment here. The happy hour from 6-8 is unreal!. Karaoke every first Tuesday of the month is THE BEST!I was at the Station Bar and Grill last week and was pretty stoked that this place is right here in my neighborhood.  It looked to me like this was a dive-y type place that has had a nice little face lift.  I sat and watched the ball game and drank a few PBRs, which was exactly what I was looking to do.  The bartenders were cool, friendly, and I somehow got way more intoxicated than I paid for after a few shots of whiskey kept popping up from nowhere.  I just happened to be there on a karaoke night which wasn't horrible and the crowd got much bigger as the singing began.Good times have been had here at the Station. I'm surprised that SOMEONE has not been reviewing this place, seeing as how HE/SHE works QUIZZO here.. I digress.. This is a really cool, somewhat under the radar place that I think people will enjoy. It has a center city bar appearance (everything is nice, clean and new) but with a dive-bar atmosphere (which is a good thing!). Take the trip down to so-fine-so-phill and stop by the station!I don't get this place.
First of all, every night I have gone there, it's almost always empty...including Saturday nights...is it a later-night (12-2) place?
Second, what's the deal with the two bars? I guess it's odd looking considering that it's always been empty when I've been there.
It's not entirely clear what crowd they are going for here: I originally thought it was the hipster Newbold spillover from SPTR, but recently it seems to be the local south philly kids crowd (read: lots of lame-ass pop dj's playing lame-ass top 40 music really incredibly LOUD).
Could it be that Newbold just does not have the population to support two gastropubs? The place looks like it's trying to be like SPTR, but without the underground cachet or good food...this place just can't seem to find its own identity.
Knowledgeable staff, friendly, good beer selection, decent bar food.
Dark atmosphere and cool juke box a plus and booths are also huge plus. 
The food is not exactly gastro-pubby: it's more like standard-issue bar food with some pretension to gastro-pubby. You want gastro-pub food in the area go to SPTR. But otherwise ok food for cheap.
Drawbacks: they LOVE having all the TV's on all the time, with the volume cranked...it's really annoying if all you want is to hang out and drink with some friends and not be forced to pay attention to the "Extreme Skateboarding Championships" blaring in the background.
Re: Pool table: They removed it/them. Used to be downstairs where the second bar is. Now this means there is NOWHERE to play pool in south philly and drink in a nice bar with good food. Thanks. 
I had the feeling this place was just getting its sea legs and might have improved over the last  few months. More and more, it's looking just lame.
Put the pool tables back. Get the hell rid of the dj's. And for god's sake, stop catering to the annoying as hell delaware avenue crowd. Until you do, I'm heading to SPTR one block away.first of all, i feel bad giving this place two stars because my friend works here and she's fabulous. but i just don't like this place.
ok the first time i was here i was HIGHLY intoxicated, but i still got a real scummy vibe. i left with the creeps (or at least got them the next morning when i sighed in distaste at the events of the night before). also two bars? there's definitely not enough people in there to make sure all the bartenders get paid enough in tips.
but i decide to give it another try since they've started hosting shows and DJ nights that my friends have been involved in. figured they're trying to turn it around and be more legit. this time around there's a bigger crowd of people my age (the 20 somethings of the music scene and their various friends) and the decor is a lot nicer than i remember. the place actually seems pretty nice. i'm having a good time, had a $2 pbr draft, blah blah blah. ok the night is coming to an end for me. let me just go to the bathroom real quick....
MAN WALKS OUT OF THE STALL IN THE WOMEN'S BATHROOM GROPING ME WITH HIS EYES OFFERING ME WHAT WAS PROBABLY COKE OR HEROIN AND THEN I HAVE TO SIT IN THE STALL WITH A BROKEN LOCK PRAYING FOR PRIVACY WHILE I LISTEN TO HIM TALK ABOUT HIS 8 YEARS IN JAIL TO THE OTHER PEOPLE IN THE BATHROOM.
yup, i know it's philly (hell, it's point breeze...newbold is sort of a funny joke), but my creepy hunch was right the first time. i don't like to frequent places that draw that kind of crowd. i made a bee line for the door.
but ... i mean.. you can smoke in here and they have magic hat on tap.This is the worst bar. Is that fake Mexican circus music playing on Sunday nights? Yes, I believe it is. SO FREAKING LOUD. And for what, five people at the bar? WHY? 
Dingy, dim, and lacking in beer selection, the Station is like a dive bar with zero charm. Which makes it a dump. An ugly, loud, dump.I came with a few friends. It was around the early 9ish. Lol. The kitchen was already closed. It was dead. 3 other people and a few others that came after us. 
The drinks were good. The bartender was very nice. She got me a cheesecake. Because that was something not cooked. Drinks were a a little on the expensive side for a Wednesday night.
Pros: Bathroom was clean. Bartender was the only person in the bar. She was super nice. I would have given her a 4 star for service. She was on her phone through the hour I was their at the bar. The space is big. Two bars.
Cons: Very dark, kitchen was closed way too early and very hard to find parking.
I would come back another night to try the food when the kitchen is open.I'm relatively new to this area, and came to this bar for the first time a few weeks ago. I've been back twice since!!! It's that good! If you're looking for a cool and relaxing place to hang out, with a family friendly atmosphere, this is your place! The bartenders are awesome and the food is delicious. The owner is there regularly and is a very friendly guy. Definitely worth trying them out.Best hot toddy I've ever had! Not the typical hot toddy, a magical creation brewed by Lou . You can taste the time and  dedication put into the recipe. I'd buy it by the pitcher if I could. Too bad I was only visiting Philly for the evening, I could see myself drinking them on a cold snowy night. Bartenders were awesome and the atmosphere was pretty cool.This bar has surpassed my expectations in every way possible. The bartenders are warm and beyond efficient, also very quick. The FOOD is BOMB. Which is a make or break for me. The owner Lou is very present and friendly. This is officially one of my favorite new spots. You HAVE to order the HOME MADE perogies. So good. Dominique and Gen are two of the bartenders and not only are they beautiful but cool as hell. Def worth the visit. Home away from home.ZERO STARS!!! This place is a joke! Walk in with 12 other people and sit at the bar expecting a drink for all of. NOPE! All except one person! Bar tender makes the friend hanging out a drink but not the guy who came in with 12 other people.The blonde (Kris) behind the bar was to busy attending to her girlfriend and drinking the profits to notice. She was pretty close to keeping up with us as far as drinking goes. So our buddy went and got a drink from the other bar next to the pool table. Orders a drink and this bar tender says single or double? When ordering a drink wouldn't you say double if you wanted double? To the dude in the corner saying "dude it's Saturday night" after buddy orders a single.....have a great walk home! So there was a tab for all 12 people except guess who? Yup!! The same guy!! Everyone else on one tab and buddy who she finally serves has a tab. If he walks in and talks to the 12 others all night long then he is probably with the others. To the owner of that place do yourself a favor and send in multiple secret guests of different height, age, weight, color, gender or whatever just make sure their different and see how your people react. This broad was drink after drink and shot after shot. THE BAR BUSINESS IS STILL A BUSINESS PEOPLE!I just wrote a review for the second district brewing Co down the street. I walked over here thinking that maybe Philadelphia sucked... nope it was just that bar! Everyone one here was amazing and treated me like a person! I actually talked to the bartender and she seemed happy I walked through the door! Everyone in the bar was happy and seemed nice! Definitely a nice homey bar worth stopping at!Overcharged!
The bartender (smaller woman, blonde highlights) overcharged both of our parties by about $30.  When we disputed the bill, she got belligerent and insulting, and refused to change it.  We continued to insist that the bill was incorrect, and her reaction was to CALL THE POLICE. Really.
Four officers arrived and did nothing but stand there.
If you go to this awful place, pay cash as you go. I will be disputing the charge, which we did pay in full.
We certainly did not have all of the items on that bill!
Do not patronize this bar when the small, rude female bartender is working. Do not tip this horrible person.Went there for brunch on a saturday. Bartender was extremely nice and helped us figure out what we needed. Ordered burger and bottomless bloody marys! The bloodys were awesome and for $20 its a steal. The burger was perfectly cooked for me. Would recommend for anyone in the area trying to grab a drink and some food.I just stopped into station on my way home from work.. and let me tell you it was so festive for the upcoming fall/halloween season. The bartender Domonique was amazing. While there I also met the owner and he was so great and personable. 
Love the station and will be back any time!!Everyone needs to stop crying over smoking.. there 7000 other bars go to another one... this is a laid back cool place with a lot of diffrent events happening throughout a single month.. between, djs, bands, karaoke, pianos, games, darts, 2 bars, indoor, out door seating, food, and more  where do you have time to complain? Not an average south philly bar... lots of fun...  and the owner is an ass but the coolest possible ass you will ever meet..  lol  love this place.This place is a hidden gem. Nothing like your average corner bar!! Great food, drinks and service!The Station is an old school bar with new bar amenities such as an amazing draft beer selection.  I would stop her after dinner to chill for some good conversation. Be sure to try their Hot Toddy! Tell em Ronnie P sent ya.Louie makes everything great here. I always feel like family. When I'm upset I come hang out and leave with a smile on my face. That's important. Not to many places do that. Try the food! You won't be disappointed.My friend and I were in Philly for Valentines day weekend. We wanted to go to a bar even though it was freezing cold that night. We came across this bar that was literally up the block from where we were staying at. There were very few people but the drinks were pretty good and we met some of the other customers as well. It has a pool table. The bartender was very nice & cute. lol. My friend and I will be back soon! Thanks for being open during this covid mess!my favorite watering hole.... and i know for a fact that Angela D (whos not Angela at all) is and EX employee who got fired for stealing.Pretty gross bar with overpriced drinks and a racist staff. They have weird generic "Red Bull" and there are always some creepy dudes hanging out at the lower bar. One guy in a fur coat kept trying to offer my wife a slice of birthday cake, and the staff was supportive of it.Karaoke Monday's. Awesome staff. Cool owner. This place is the best. It's easy to become a regular in there. The drinks are cheap but they have the coolest bartenders in the city. Go on a Monday and you won't be disappointed. If you're into live performances, go on a Saturday. You won't regret it!Came for happy hour on a Friday. 
1. There was a cat on the bar. It jumped onto the seats at an empty table. 
2. I ordered the cheese steak egg rolls.  The outer crust was hot and flaky, but some of the meat inside was still cold.  
3. Bartender talking to a regular about her personal issues. ( too heavy)
There are literally 2 bars within a block in either direction. Step up your game.Great atmosphere - love the open air seating.  Good drinks, good food, great place!Wednesday night me and my boyfriend went in for a nice and chill drink night and walked right out within 5 minutes. We sat down at the bar and the bartender asked us for our IDs (which is cool cause we look  young) anyway she had an issue with my boyfriend's ID because it was coming up in the middle. So she is explaining this bullshit reason why she can't serve him/us. Basically saying because his ID was raised alittle in the middle that it's invalid and putting her job at risk. Which I know is bullshit because I took the RAM courses and all. So as she's explaining this guy is standing behind us like he was ready to kick us out. Instead of kicking the CAT out that was drinking water on top of the station (talk about unsanitary) so we walked down the street to the thirsty soul to valid what I wanted to say to the cat loving bartender. And low and behold I was correct and the thirsty soul accepted my boyfriend's ID and even traveled  to center bars as well ACCEPTED HIS ID WITH NO PROBLEMCould give a VERY solid 3-4; but have to curve to 5 simply because The Station hooks up a vibrant & upcoming South Philly spot for local music when its really needed.
I first came across hearing about Station Bar when The National Rifle and Univox (look them up and embrace the welcoming new music that flows throughout your ears!) hosted a show here, and was instantly under the impression that it was going to be held at a random DIY house venue. So when I reached my destination and found a bar with no visible signage aside from a standard Corona bottle and other brews marked on its windows I was instantly confused. Toss in the neighborhoody crowd of regulars that watched the Seahawks (!!!) deliver a trouncing, the fact that you could smoke inside, and the fact that the first 4 beers that I tried to order off the tap list ended up being unavailable; and I clearly felt like I was in the wrong place.
But as I got reacquainted with the bands and gave it some time I was ready to embrace it and warm up to some awesome perks. Under Flash Mob Productions they manage to line up 1-3 solid live shows a month that feature plenty of solid local bands that you've seen grace the likes of Johnny Brenda's and Kung Fu Necktie. it also has the standards like quizzo and karaoke that you know and love. the tap list also features a better than average variety that ranges from $3-6 a pint. The crowd is especially eclectic; from average Joe Neighborhood, to other bands whseo musicians who came out to see their brethren perform. So overall you get a colorful bar with something to see, and plenty of drinks to enjoy during it. Bonus points for the random cigar smokers mural on the wall! And that adds up to plenty of things that make it worthwhile.
And there might just be a big show to look forward to coming soon ;)Scummiest bar in south philly,  they are clearly not following ANY guidelines. their clientele consists of gross men that cat call you from their bar stool. Wish this place would shut down already.I always walk by this place and had always talked about stopping by so when I saw a sign outside that said there was a costume contest i figured that would be a fun day to visit. 
First I called to see what time the costume contest started and the female on the other line who answered had no answer other than I don't know. Well who can I talk to that would know, the owner and he wasn't there. Me and my cousin figured we would go anyway and check it out. What time does the contest start? What time does entry end? What time are the winners announced? Nothing. 
We stopped by because of the costume contest thinking I would come by again if it was a fun experience. The place is for their regulars. It seems that they all know each other. A woman lit her cigarette while I was sitting at the lower bar and walked out to finish smoking. Wth! In the span of the hour that I was there, the group of smokers probably went outside 4-5 times. 
We ordered drinks and food and the bartender that helped us at the lower bar was great. The food was eh but the drinks were good. The place reminded me more of a pool hall, with the exception that there was only one pool table with a long running game since it was the same people playing. 
Now my curiosity is gone.Continuing from my one star review previously, where we were overcharged by $30:
Got my bank statement, and they added an additional, UNAUTHORIZED, $50.  Yes, they stole $50 from us.  A bank dispute is pending.  I have a printed receipt to prove it.
People, do not patronize these THIEVES.Decided to stop in for a drink on my way home last night.
Pro: Quick service, the bartender was very friendly.
Con: I ordered an old fashioned, it was not exactly great for the almost $12 it cost, and when I tried to use a card to pay I was told there's a $20 minimum for cards. Come on, people, it's 2018. They have an ATM for cash, though, with a $3.50 surcharge. Luckily my bank reimburses fees.Update... I got a message from Lou M. who took the time to ridicule and harass me because of my previous review. His closing argument was "we don't believe your post" which means he's either: 1. Part of a team of yelp vigilantes that gather to question reviews from random strangers, or 2. Part of a team that works at Station Bar & Grill that attempts to intimidate their customers. I'm going with #2, which is inappropriate and unprofessional. Stay classy...Rip off
Used to be a regular when I moved a couple block away but now I avoid this place like plague. First there's a $20 minimum on cards. Bizarre but ok. My friends and all all had cards so we opted to put it on  mine and everyone could venmo me. I go and pay the tab and she runs my card before handing me the bill. The tab she ran my card for was not mine and was for well over $80. Our combined bill was maybe $30. I asked for a manager and she said that there wasn't one there that night and handed me a bunch of cash from the tip jar. She was rude, unhelpful, and definitely is up to something shady with people's tabs. 
This place is poorly run and will rip you off.First and last time customer. Ordered nachos on GrubHub from them and before I arrived I got a notification that they were ready for pickup. When I got there I asked the bartender and they didn't even know I had ordered. In my experience, this is due to neglect, not the fault of GrubHub. They told me to wait 5 minutes. Cut to almost a half hour later they finally bring them out and I think I can safely call them the most bland nachos I've had in Philly. It's hard to mess up nachos, but they sure did. If they had been honest and told me it was going to take an additional half hour I probably would've gone ahead and cancelled. On top of all this, not one employee was wearing a mask. In January 2022, the worst covid has ever been.My absolute favorite bar! Awesome atmosphere! The owner is a sweetheart and always very welcoming! Great bar food and Sunday brunch! The owner had the best brunch for the Eagles parade party! Easy walk to Broad St. to watch the parade and then go back and relax. I recommend this bar to everyone!This bar has great customer service and a genuine owner who cares! The seasonal drinks are spo0o0o0oky!!! Dry ice and glow sticks- the seasonal Halloween drinks are worth the trip alone! The seasonal turkey special is also great! Can't wait to come back to visit Domonique the bartenderCigarette smoke everywhere . Unprofessional ! Took forever to get a drink . Also , was probably the only female there so you get stared at like a piece of meat in a tiger cage . Won't return .Great chill bar, with a variety of food. They had a specials bucket of bears where they were a lower price than other drinks which was something new. The food was decent along with the service. All in all, I would go back for a few food items.