I live two blocks from here and have unfortunately been a couple of times. Don't go here, the food is not good!During my first trip to Philly (Fall 2011), I tried cheesesteaks at Geno's, Pat's and Jim's. Kind of decided that I must not like cheesesteaks because they were all just okay. 
I wasn't interested in eating another on my second trip but we had a first-time visitor in the group so the Philly cheesesteak thing is kind of a must.... We went to Jim's around the corner but didn't feel like waiting in line. Luckily Steaks on South is only a few blocks away and much better. We tried a cheesesteak with onions and wiz, and it was good enough to change my opinion of cheesesteaks! If you have to have a cheesesteak, try one here! 
Service at the register was surly but don't let that put you off.Every time I visit Philly, I do two things: shop and get a cheese steak! My tried and true cheese steak experience belongs to Ishkabibble's, but this time I wanted to try somewhere different. I intended to go to Jim's but it was so hot outside that I only was able to make it to S.O.S.'s since they had someone outside giving out coupons for free fries and claimed that the AC inside was so cold (which it wasn't!) So, I went inside and ordered a cheese steak, fries and a chocolate milkshake. The latter two were really great, but unfortunately the cheese steak did not measure up. It lacked flavor and the bread wasn't as soft as I'm used to. It definitely was not Ishkabibble's!!!! The service was good and I enjoyed my time there, but not enough to go back. In a few months I'll be back in Philly for a cheese steak do-over and Ishkabibble's will be the only stop on my list.This is not the best steak  nor was it the worst. However Pat's and Jim's will always be my ranking favorites! The meat was too stringy and it was not enough cheese wiz it was so so dry. I mean god would it hurt to put some damn cheese on it. Other than those compliants it was okay.Stopped in for the first time bc we had groupon...good steaks, even better fries, but I have to agree with some other reviews that quote a ridiculously long wait time.  Not sure what took so long, but we weren't in a hurry so it wasn't a big deal.  A more hang out atmosphere than the other steak places, but didn't feel like a real philly experience.  Counter girl was friendly! Overall, runs with the pack...& you'll be nice and full!This place isn't a place i'm going to run to if i'm craving a veggie cheesesteak, but their edition is quite tasty! For $6.75, you get a huge veggie cheesesteak with broccoli rabe and roasted red peppers. I personally took away the red peppers in fear of it overpowering the sandwich and added mushrooms and wiz. I love wiz and I can't help it. Their rendition of the classic cheesesteak is basically a chopped up veggie burger, not the ground "beef" type that giannas carries. It was a nice variation, had a good bite to it and flavor- I wish they had garlic powder and oregano on the table too. We also had a coupon for a free fry with our sandwiches and took advantage of that, they were tasty for fries but nothing special.
I went on a friday afternoon (I think!), it wasn't crowded like the line that was around jims and the service was quick and efficient.I heard the veggie cheesesteak here was supposed to be the best in town, and I was extremeeeeeely disappointed.  
I tried to replicate my memories of a true cheesesteak by ordering the veggie cheesesteak with whiz, onions, and hot peppers.  They also include broccoli raab in theirs.  The outcome was seriously salty, and I was immediately disappointed to see a cut up boca burger instead of a more committed attempt at a faux cheesesteak.  Somehow, the boca burger itself tasted really salty, and the whiz made it so much worse.  
They also forgot the onions, and when I asked for hot sauce, they gave me the most generic wing sauce in a cup which hardly helped the situation.  
I am still looking for the best veggie cheesesteak in philly, I'm going crazy seeing/smelling all of these regular versions on the street!The day after seeing Coldplay at the Wachovia Center summer of 2008, my friends and I went in search of Philly Cheesesteaks.  During our adventure, we randomly met a local who volunteered for the Vans Warped Tour, which coincided with the Coldplay concert.  He insisted that we went to SOS for cheesesteaks, not Jim's Steaks, since they get super crowded with tourists, which would lessen the quality of their steaks. We thought a local knows best.  So he took us here and we had the most amazing cheesesteaks ever.  I can't really speak for all cheesesteaks since it was our first, but it was really delicious.  I am planning on coming down again to check out the sites, but mostly for the cheesesteaks.Tried for the first time during the October snow in Philadelphia. We found the cheesesteaks to be excellent. Great bread, lots of meat and onions. The meat is well seasoned! Tasty.  One of the better cheesesteaks we have eaten. Enjoy.We grabbed this sandwich from Steaks on South St. It's made with roast garlic & pork, filled with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.
It  took a little longer to make that your average cheesesteak, but it was worth it.  The guy serving it up asked me "Are you ready for an awesome sandwich?!?!"
If you like sharp strong flavors then this sandwich is for you...biting bitterness of the rabe, the cheesy sting of provolone, the deep sweetness of juicy roast pork & garlic all melded together perfectly.
I tried their cheesesteak before and it was OK as well.We sought this place out for the vegetarian cheesestakes.  We ordered two, and wish I had actually bothered to order cheese on them.  They would have been sensational.  As it was, the "steak" (probably TVP, but in a format very reminiscent of chopped steak sandwich steak) was well seasoned and fried with broccoli rabe and red peppers, which added a surprising, meaty depth to the sandwiches.  They're a good size and very tasty.  Again, some provolone on them would have made them perfect, and next time I go I'll remember to order that.  
Also got an order of mozzarella sticks which were battered and fried--better than the typical frozen ones.So apparently they make a good cheesesteak in this corner of the country.
I would have to agree, and Steaks on South was as good as any steak I've ever had.  [Of course this was 1:45AM judgement talking].  It's touristy, but not so much so that you have to wait in a 25 minute line ala Pats or Geno's.
Solid, authentic, and delicious.  Good fries too.
My sister told me about a local favorite: the philly taco.  You grab a steak and a floppy slice of pizza and fold the steak sandwich inside, and you got yourself a delicious philly taco.  
Now I have an excuse to head back to Philadelphia.Okay, so I stopped here around 12:15, before a meeting just down the block. I had looked at their website ahead of time and printed some great coupons. I wouldn't have normally ordered fries and a drink but the coupon was for free fries and drink with a sandwich. The steak was good. Probably not the best I've ever had in my life but good. The big deal was the fries. They were absolutely amazing. They had a crispy crunchy outside that I seriously couldn't get enough of. After my meeting, I went back to get another steak and fries to take home to my boyfriend. It was literally two hours later. I ordered, waited, drove home with what I thought were the world's most amazing fries. I couldn't wait for my boyfriend to try them. He opened the Styrofoam box and they were completely different fries :(. They were just eh typical mediocre restaurant fries. So, I guess the moral of the story is, they could have amazing fries or they could have just regular fries. If the fries would have been the same the second time, I would have given it a solid 4 stars, maybe even 5, but since they were somehow different, I have to go with 3. If you are headed to Steaks on South, go on their website they have good coupons.Best veggie cheesesteak in town since Gianna's left. It's not healthy at all, but tops Govinda's inconsistency and Blackbird's mediocrity.The food here is decent, and of all the touristy cheese steak places, this is the best I have had. The rolls are fresh, the meat has a good balance of tender/stringiness, and the steaks have a good cheese-to-meat ratio.  The prices are a little high, but that comes with the location.Blandest, weakest cheesesteak ever.  They bragged about it being a foot long and big and that you get a free order of fries with meal but in reality it's like you took a steak in from your freezer and cooked it up. (Which btw is what they did).  I ordered the "award winning" cheesesteak, yes that was its name on the menu.  I added mushrooms and tomatoes.  They charged me a dollar for each.  A dollar for tomatoes?!?! Really?  Oh and then they forgot the tomatoes and the fries.  Terrible.
I am sticking to Johns Roast Pork for good.  And John if you're reading this, I'm sorry for straying.We were visiting Philly second time (we are from Toronto) & had never tried cheesesteaks before but the lady at the counter explained what they are & how they are prepared. We had the cheesesteak, chicken steak & one without the cheese but all the works...was delicious!! 
And the place is nice, clean & the staff excellent!!I knew I should've went to Jim's. This place is the worse!!  My boyfriend and I only came here due to Jim's line going around the corner. Ok, we stepped in and ordered a chicken cheesesteak and a philly cheesesteak. As we were standing there I noticed not one person wore gloves. I mean hands all on the bread and cheese. Ok, calm down it could be the best cheesesteak you' ve ever had I'm thinking. Behind us a crowd comes in so I figured I'd grab the drinks and get a table upstairs. Looking at this dreadfull red tint over the windows and the uncleaned area I sat there waiting. Ok ,10 mins passed and I saw the 3 people who were behind us come upstairs with their food. Another 5 mins pass and my boyfriend comes upstairs upset. Apparently, the workers don't know what they're doing a  lady set up the bread thats suppose to be in order , the cook is slapping on the meat starting from the BACK of the line. Also, in the mist of all this my chicken cheesesteak had been sitting there for awhile because by the time it reached me upstairs it was cold. This place is garbage period.Not the best or "award winning steaks" as they say. They are way to overpriced and the food/service is mediocre. I was the only one there at the time and they still took forever. The woman taking my order seemed like she hated her job, I was trying to be nice but she kinda just gave me the "screw you u I hate my job" face. Idk but I wouldn't go back. The only plus side of this place is that it's near bars and it was open when we came out.There are two things you should know about me before you read my review: 
1.  I live on South Street.  
2.  I go to Ishkabibbles way too often (Hey! It's not my fault it's consistently delicious!)
Today I decided I would go somewhere different because, quite frankly, I'm embarrassed to frequent Ishka as often as I do.  I decided to try Steaks on South for a change.  I've had their pizza before and it's one of the best slices you can get on South Street (with toppings.)  
Today I ordered a provolone cheese steak with mayo and raw onions for pick-up which also includes a free order of fries (an every day special.)
My order was wrong.  The cheese steak had ketchup as well as cooked onions.  Who orders a cheese steak with raw AND cooked onions?  COME ON.
I don't like ketchup on my steaks -- blech.  Just an annoying inconvenience.
Let's talk about the steak.  The steak was ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING.  Both unappetizing to look at and even worse to feel in your mouth.  They obviously use a very low-grade of beef because I had so much beef strung together by disgusting fat, I took most of the steak off (the half I DID manage to choke down.)  Compared to many of the other steak places around here (even the places that don't "specialize" in cheese steaks), "subpar" is an understatement.  
The fries were disgusting.  Not only were they way overcooked -- most of them were too crunchy to be considered french fries -- but they also were an unappealing orange-ish brown.  I don't know if it was due to the totally overcooked-ness or a batch of oil that severely needs to be changed, but they were terrible.  No wonder they are given out for free every single day.
The bread...Oh the bread.  A true Philadelphian will tell you that the bread of a Philly cheese steak has to be delicious.  Soft.  Fresh.  Mine was crispy and dry.  It was obviously from yesterday.  
In summation, I will stick to Ishkabibbles for my steaks and I'll save SOS for a slice of pizza when I'm so hammered I can't fathom venturing off my block.
Gross.This isn't Gino's or Pat's.  They're not close to the best in the city, but they make a surprisingly good cheesesteak here!  A couple years ago I tried them just because I was hanging out at the bar Legendary Dobbs, next door.  I did the same this year and I wasn't mistaken.  Myself and the 10 friends I was with all agreed, damn good cheesesteaks!I enjoyed my cheesesteak here, but by no means am I a cheesesteak expert. I'm a New Yorker, so I'm more skilled at pinpointing a quality pizza pie or a slew of other foods, but not philly cheesesteak. However, from an outsider's point of view, I liked my cheesesteak. I split with a friend and we both liked it. They claim to be the best in philly, and while I'm not convinced of that, it was not a bad food experience.
But wtf is up with upstairs? It's all tinted red.. kind of weird. Kind of headache inducing.The cheesesteak served here is a freaking great piece of work.  Perfect.  Five Stars, indeed.VERY SLOW... but so much bigger and tastier than Jim's. Ate this cheese steak as part of the South Street challenge (wrap a slice of Lorenzo's around the cheese steak and eat it all up). 
I'm from New York, so I can't say I'm an expert on cheese steaks, but I had mine with American cheese and there was a lot of it! Melted perfectly and evenly throughout the sandwich, and the roll was fresh-tasting and soft. Meat was hot and tender, and the whole thing just made my taste buds jump. 
Doesn't have the reputation of a JIm's, Pat's, or Geno's, but I'd say this is by far the best cheese steak I've had since moving here. I'll be coming here for all my cheese steak needs in the future.Best cheesesteaks on South St, by far.  The mean is great quality and seasoned well.  The rolls are always fresh.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was their fries aren't as good as Ishkabibbles.It was okay.  My wife and I split a cheesesteak, pizza fries and soda. The guy at the counter was super friendly.  Cheap lunch date. It was freezing inside, but they had wifi!!  I'd go backTried my very first Philly cheesesteak here, and I must say, it was quite tasty.  Meat wasn't fatty.  I was able to order extra vegetables and cheese.  I liked how they offered chicken and veggie options for non-beef eaters (the chicken cheesesteak is good, arguably better than their beef).  
People were friendly, service was fast.  Not sure what was up with all the Coca  Cola branding.  For hot sauce lovers, SOS doesn't have Tabasco sauce, but the Chicken Wing hot sauce is a decent substitute.  I also liked how the restaurant made announced on the door sign that all customers are welcome, despite language barriers or personal beliefs.  
Overall, the food was good, but it wasn't phenomenal.  3.5 starsI loved this place. My friends and I were visiting from New York City and of course, if we're in Philly, we needed to have a Philly cheesesteak! It's a must, you know? 
Seriously delicious! I got the Philly cheesesteak with provolone and grilled onions -- super simple, nothing crazy. The meat was juicy and tender. The bread was perfect; it wasn't any of that overnight crap. It was fresh and just everything I wanted in a cheese steak. Simplicity is everything.
It's also a really relaxing spot. It looks like the pizza place right around the corner of my house, nothing fancy, just a local spot. The fact that it looks like a regular pizza joint that sells $1 pizzas and $1 for 5 garlic knots did deter me from eating here at first. I mean a block or two from here are some famous cheesesteak spots with long lines, stretched out its entire block. So I was a little skeptical why this place didn't have a long line. 
Anyway, I'm just so glad I didn't listen to myself and I got to eat some good cheesesteak without having to freeze my butt off.The Absolute best Philly Chicken on south street. I've made the trip here from NY countless times and I've never been disappointed. The food is great! As many on Yelp have said ishkabibbles fries are better.On last night's stroll down South Street, our goal was to find something to eat.  My companion was not interested in standing in the cold to try Jim's, so we ended up at Steaks on South.
This was our first experience at this establishment and I was not impressed by the cheesesteak. Maybe my expectations are too high, but I want a savory cheesesteak. Something with flavor in the meat. If I wanted a large steak-um, I could make that at home. 
We spent $21 on 2 cheese steaks, 1 order of fries, and 1 bottled tea.
The toppings were $.50 extra for each one.
On the plus side, I will say that I liked the environment.
I'm still searching for the one.I've worked on south street for over a year and am always looking for new places to eat, especially pizza. Don't get me wrong I love Lorenzo's, but it's more of a drunk greasy love than a sober quality pie love. SOS's pizza is pretty damn solid... Very tasty, nicely sized (not as big as Lorenzo's but not a standard 16 inch pie) and much higher quality than lorenzos and lickety splits. Also, I don't like to think that just being Italian means you make a good pie, but the pizza guy here is adorable, complete with a thick Italian accent and height that does not exceed 5'5". I can't comment on any of their sandwiches, but they have my faithful business when pizzas concerned.
The only reason they arent getting five stars is because their counter girls really are miserable. Not once have they thanked me for throwing bills into their tip cup and they just seem generally depressed. They do have to deal with the crazies that roam south street but they leave me wanting to counsel them or something. Smile sometimes, ladies!I'm by no means a cheesesteak connoisseur.  I'm just a girl.  A girl who likes food.  Good food.  And in the words of Tony the Tiger, these cheesesteaks are grrrreat!  The meat is juicy & wonderful & the cheese is perfectly melted...oops, drooling again.  The employees are incredibly friendly and gave us free toppings when we couldn't decide what we wanted until after we'd paid.  A $10 well spent.The line for Jim's snakes around the block (wow, somehow in the past my random yearly visit is during a slow hour).  I've got a tourist in town who wants a cheesesteak (she's visited before, so the best isn't necessary).  We head to Steaks on South.
The line is MUCH shorter.  The staff are exactly what we're looking for: local Philly guys who hustle to make your food as soon as possible, will help you with your order, but are really just there to keep the line moving.  They answer the same questions every two minutes but manage to keep it together.  Nice guys, but not there to chat.  They even smiled.  We got our food quickly.  It was good.
Steaks were not too greasy, decent bread, good stuff.  Unlike some other steak places, we were able to get fries instead of potato chips.  The music was straight out of the 70s (was that an entire Eric Carmen album?).  It was just awful enough to keep us from lingering, which is probably what you want when you run a cheesesteak emporium on South Street.
It was just what we needed, without all the hassle of the other places. We shared a regular cheesesteak (w/provolone) and fries.  We left full.  It wasn't Jim's, but it was much more pleasant than waiting 45 minutes.Absolute chaos! Over charged, argued with, and yelled at by the employee distributing orders. NEVER AGAIN! Ps- elevator music in the upper seating area is awful.Having the best chessesteak in Philly is a accomplishment. Not really having anything else to offer...??? S.O.S. is a one trick pony with the best of Philly most famous import. The problem is they really don't have anything else. It's kinda of a generic place. But hey when your pony has a trick so good the locals swear by it you might not need anything elseWent back to Steaks on South and made it absolutely clear as crystal that I did NOT want onions on my chicken cheesesteak....and guess what? They got it right! I knew you'd come through for me, Steaks on South!So, I was in Philly for the weekend and I made an important resolution. For the entire weekend, I would keep myself alive by only eating cheesesteak. So, after two days and five cheesesteaks, my digestive system was really giving me hell but I decided to hit one more spot on the way out of town. Now, I heard about Pat's and Geno's but, to be honest, I just didn't feel like braving the lines to eat at one of these places so I found myself at S.O.S. instead. I ordered cheesesteak number six and got ready to wolf it down. Without a doubt, II had saved the best for last. The meat was seasoned perfectly and I could feel the delicious grease clogging my arteries, which is a good thing! My girlfriend had a sausage and pepper sandwich that was also very good. Next time I'm in town I'll make sure to hit the other 'famous' places but I'll be back to S.O.S. as well.The only reason that anyone would send you to Steaks On South for a cheesesteak, whether it's your first or your last, is if they REALLY did not like you.  
This place is absolute junk.  The service is terrible.  No one working there is personable or pleased to be there.  I went in this afternoon because I was craving mozzarella sticks and Steaks On South was the only take-out place nearby that had them.  NEVER.  AGAIN.  The food is bad AND it's overpriced.  The mozzarella sticks, six for $6.50, were empty husks of breading.  All the cheese had leaked out.  The steak is equally awful.  Flavorless, rubbery meat on soggy bread with nasty, watery cheese wiz for $8.50+.  This was the worst ~$15 I've spent in ages.
Please, please, PLEASE do yourself a favor and walk a block West towards 4th Street to Jim's Steaks, where you will find THE best steak on South Street and in all the surrounding neighborhoods, if not in all of Philadelphia.SOS was interesting, what attracted us initially was that their menu had a lot of options to create our own cheese steak.  We were mostly looking to have a sandwich without cheese whiz.  
Once here we walked right in and ordered no line out the door like the place down the block.  Ordered a cheese steak with mushrooms, banana peppers, and provolone cheese.
Once we got our order we noticed that the mushrooms were of the canned variety, really?  I come all the way to Philly and get canned mushrooms.  The bun was not toasted though in their defense not sure if that was an option I just forgot to ask for.  The meat was tasty the cheese was good, and the banana peppers were great.  The fries were also good, and very hot as in temperature.  
They say this place is better than Pat's and Geno's, and I think so, however I think there is better cheese steak to be had in the greater Philadelphia area.Came here on a relatively busy Saturday afternoon. Guy outside giving coupons for free fries. Sure, free food with a cheesesteak, thank your very much.
We'll not sure if the fries helped though. Fries were soggy and tasted bad. Cheesesteak was pretty good though. Ordered a provolone cheese cheesesteak. The bread was soft, fluffy, and tasty. Wished they put more meat in the sandwich though. I felt the sandwich was half bread. 
Need to try more places in the area. I think the steak at SOS is better than Genos/Pats in my opinion. I get a strange stomach feeling when I eat at those two places. 
So just go for the sandwich. Those free fries are not worth it. Believe me.Having never had an authentic philly cheese steak before, I have nothing to compare my first to. Let's just say I'm glad it was here. This joint is probably not as packed/crowded as the touristy cheese steak shops which is likely a good thing if you're anything like me. 
I don't understand the bad reviews. I guess it depends on when you come in, but the guy running the cashier wasn't surly, and the meat in my cheese steak "with wiz" was flavorful and NOT dry. The bread was just the right amount of both soft and crispy. Also diggin the old school 80's and 90's music playing while we were there. So should you go with Steaks on South vs the other places in the vicinity? This girl says yes.Totally not in agreement with all the haters regarding this place. On a recent trip to Philly with a friend, we went into grease seeking tourist mode and hoofed it down to South St. like all the other schmucks to get a cheesesteak. I have tried almost all the staple cheesesteak joints in this area and saw Steaks on South and wanted to give it a try. This is definitely the cleanest of the steak places in the city, with an open kitchen so you can watch all the awesomeness go down. Also, this place isnt a pillar in the cheesesteak community YET, so there isnt some ridiculous line around the block.
They have some other stuff on the menu, but I came for tasty meat globbed with pounds of fake cheese. GIMME A CHEESESTEAK WITH WIZ!!! Good lord these are massive cheese steaks, I just got the regular and it was almost a foot long. Not too greasy, not too much cheese, fresh bread...what else can you ask for? I was lucky enough to get a free show by some schizophrenic methed out magician in the ally by the outside tables, so I guess you could ask for that. 
Apparently if you eat two you get your picture on the wall, aim high Meghan, aim high. Who am I fooling, I was ready to curl over and die after forcing the last few bites of my massive steak down. Yum.This place is the best.  It can take a little longer, but the cheesesteaks blow the ones from Pat's or Geno's out of the water.  The bread is good and the meat is high quality and very flavorful.  They also aren't incredibly rude or spoiled by tons of business a la Pat's or Geno's.  I love the broccoli rabe that you can order on top of the sandwiches.  It's garlicky and delicious! My favorite thing there is the SOS rib eye steak sandwich w/ sharp provolone and the broccoli rabe.  BEST SANDWICH EVARRRR!!  Yes, it is a little more expensive than the rest of them, but def worth the 5-10% more you have to pay.  I highly recommend this place.  It's so sadly underrated!Wandered ino this place after getting a chop shop haircut & my husband was craving a cheesesteak. i was happy to see that they acually had a vegetarian menu right up on the board, including an Eggplant Parm sandwich, which I am a huge sucker for. This was the best Eggplant Parm i have had, probably ever. The bread was fresh & the eggplant altho breaded, actually tasted like eggplant! Also the fries were Really good & the guy working was super nice.  The only "con" was that it was a little slow to get our food.These guys are out of their f'n mind with these prices! I think a basic cheese steak is what... $8 now!? For $8-$10 it should be a jumbo, but it's NOT! I went when this place first opened and I'm not gonna lie... it was off the meter! Among the best I had and they were offering fries for free. I was in love!
Since then, every time I go back the price just seems higher and higher and HIGHER and I turn back and walk out! I know it's South St, but c'mon. They lose 2 stars for the price. For all I know it's not even that good any more. I'll be back some day.The veggie cheesesteak with wiz is one of the best in town, fo realz! I've only had their veggie steak and their cheese fries, both fab, and never had any issues with the food! 
The only reason this is not five stars (and I really wanted to do 3 1/2) is because the price in this joint can be a little outrageous. 
On the last visit, my boyfriend and I were lured inside due to "free fries" coupons. We did indeed get the promised free fries, but tell me why 2 veggie cheessteaks with wiz (no broc rab or peppers, we asked for it plain) and 2 drinks were $27 dollars!? They charge you for the cheese even when you ask for things that are supposed to be on the sandwich to be taken off. 
No matter how much I bitch and be a jew (stfu, I am a jew so I can this) about the price, I will still return from time to time and enjoy SOS.The best thing about this place is probably the fact they have substitute fare, mostly chicken variations, for those who don't like cheesesteaks. I didn't particularly like the cheesesteak here, it was dry and I felt like I was eating more bread than steak (and they didn't really melt the american cheese enough, i opted out of the whiz this time), but the mushrooms were interestingly tart and the onions were fine. 
I do think the place is nice though, it's clean and bright and the staff here is very friendly and the cashier/manager dude was a really hardworking, nice guy.I would recommend this place over both Genos and Pats or anywhere else to get a real philly cheese steak. I love the decorations, the location and the staff (at least the afternoon staff) 
I used to live around the corner and they always remembers my name and order. And I love their fries.BEST CHICKEN CHEESESTEAK IN PHILLY, hands down, at least in my honest personal opinion.  Every other chicken cheesesteak I've ever had was far too dry, and Steaks on South has hit the nail right on the head with theirs.  While at Taste of Philly at Penn's Landing with two of my friends, I noticed that Steaks on South had a tent, so I decided to try their chicken cheesesteak.  Needless to say, I was in chicken cheesesteak heaven, if such a place exists.  Unfortunately, they only get 4 stars because they messed up my order 3 times before finally getting it right.  I told the counter girl "a chicken cheesesteak with American and no onions."  First time, it came out as a chicken cheesesteak with whiz and onions.  They fixed it and put American cheese on it but there were still onions so I sent it back.  Finally, on the third try, they got it right.  If they didn't, I'd be out to kick some cheesesteak rear end.  I did snag a frequent buyer card to get a free steak after 10 punches so I will be back, and hopefully next time the quality of the service will be 5 stars instead of 4!Did the ownership change?  That's ok if it doesn't mean quality suffers, but quality has suffered. I can't confirm this but the guy running the counter is also making the food!!?! Without gloves after accepting money???? Gross. I'm sorry, I'm not sorry.
On top of that, the buffalo chicken cheesesteak was a chicken sandwich with what tasted like Sriracha and bleu cheese.They have an awesome chicken cheesesteak, the bread was soft and fresh, just the right blend of chicken and cheese, and onions to top it all off, am willing to bet their regular cheesesteak's are just as solid and probably better than jim's, yes I went there...This place is so amazing. I called it before moving here. It may not always have a line, but that is just a ton of people missing out. I don't eat red meat and LOVE their great cuts of white chicken. Chicken Philly w whiz or pizza steak w chicken, c'est magnifique!!!Well, not the friendliest people for my experience... Not the best cheesesteak.  It was a little too gristly for me, and for that reason, along with the fact that there are so may more places to try in that area, I don't think I'll be going back.  Next place to try on South St. will be Jim's I think.Don't come here for cheese steaks you lazy tourist. Do your research.
This spot of real estate is always changing and it seems that every month there is a new restaurant/store here. SOS has lasted the longest.
They have an open, clean stainless 'kitchen' where they whip up your chicken parm hoagies, cheese steaks, fries and hamburgers. Then they have the whole upper floor for seating as well. It's super clean and the food is all pretty decent. This is definitely a good take-out place as long as you don't order anything you would at a real restaurant. Stick with the hot sandwiches, greasy apps and fries.I came in early on Saturday for a cheesesteak because I wanted to see how t measured up to some of the other big guns on south street. I was very disappointed I hear from the griddle man that thy didn't have any onions to put on the cheesesteaks. How could that be? He said they were coming, but I wasn't going to wait around.
I got a steak with wiz, and it was actually pretty tasty. Steak to meat ratio was pretty good, as was the roll. I added ketchup and pickled jalapeños as well as I usually do, and they added the perfect touches to it. It was a pretty filling steak, so I really enjoyed that aspect of it. I really just couldn't overlook the lack of onions. It really boggled my mind. It's definitely a solid cheesesteak option.Like Caitlin said, this store front has changed frequently, so it is ironic that the restaurant called "SOS" has not sunk...yet.  I think I would have more respect for SOS if it did not try to take advantage of the Philadelphia standby of including "steak" into their name.  Their steaks are not the best, and I feel they should have tried to establish themselves as the premier "anything but steaks" shop on South St.  Let's face it, as much I and others dislike Jim's, it will rein as king of cheesesteaks in this area.Better than those tourist trap places (aka: Genos and Pats). Best cheesesteak and chicken cheesesteak down South Street, especially the chicken steak sandwich. They don't use cheap or overly fatty meat here, so if you want a good cheesteak then come to S.O.S.A bit underwhelming. Stringy meat. 
This kind of thing pisses me off: I saw the manager cleaning tables & counters with a wet rag & then go to the french fry station & hovering over the fry bowl began picking em' up & stuffing his face. Then the fry guy sold the rest to a customer. Dude! get yourself a plate! Don't put the fries right into your mouth use a utensil & plate!   Won't be back.Wiz wit what?
This was my first time having a philly cheese steak, and my friend who lived near Philly recommended SOS.  Their cheese steak was so tasty, and so much food.  I was really surprised that they used canned cheese on it though, but ignoring that, it was delicious.  The meat was tender and juicy, and their fries were quite delicious.  I can't say I have anything to compare with, but SOS seems pretty good to me.my judgement is skewed cause i have never been here w/o a healthy dose  of vitamin A lcohol.  it is the other spot on south, jim usually has a big line so ill come here if i dont want to wait. they chop the meat but have provolone, shrooms and onions so im happy. everyone is friendly enuff at 2 am and cook to order.I think this might be a good secret hiding on South Street about 2 blocks from busy, unimpressive Jim's Steaks.
Here, I have never encountered a huge wait, but I have encountered a delicious cheesesteak more than once. Just last week, I took my sister and her friend for her first cheesesteak and she found it to be incredible, while I enjoyed the pizza fries joyously.
It has the South Philly feel without the South Philly line.This might be my favorite Philly cheese steak in Philadelphia. Kind of traditional "non-Philadelphia" style, but maybe I am just too used to that. Not the same as Pat's or Gino's and selection of different cheeses besides cheese whiz.Take it from this Philly native:  THIS is the place us locals go for what many of us consider the best cheesesteaks in the city. No, you definitely can't go wrong with Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, Jim's, nor Ishkabbibbles...all great steaks. But SoS's product is unique amongst them, almost to the point of being a different "genre" of steak. Difficult to articulate...reco you try for yourself.As a every other staple stop when I head to Philly for a Cheese Steak fix... This place is on the top of my list.. Cheese steak  onions and wiz is the best and the SOS fries... steak cut is fresh and the portions.. fugggeedddaboutit!!! It's the mutt's nuts..Yum!  And they do cheesesteaks just the way I like them!!!
Prompt service!
Friendly and hip staff!
Air conditioned dining area upstairs!
It's grrrrreat!GROSS!! As a South Philly girl I've had them all over the city & this was the worst. I would not recommend this one to anyone. Very salty steak, way too much cheese wiz., bland bun and gristly texture. Prices sucked too. Drink & a steak will run you $10. EPIC FAIL.Why waste time getting yelled at by that DMX looking guy at Jims, when you can walk a block down and order your sandwich in peace and actually have a table to eat on. Not to mention the fact that here they use grilled chicken breast for the chick cheesesteak which is definitely a good look. Theres rarely a line to order and I enjoy playing vintage arcade games while i wait. The prices are comparable to any other steak place in the city and the quality of their food is a step up from the sloppy rush jobs you get at one of the more popular joints. The pros definitely outweigh the cons here. And most importantly , they sell mexican coke. Im sold. Pats who ? Jims what ? Fughettaboutit ... S.O.S beats all in my book.To preface this I only gave this one star cause you can't give none. I wouldn't eat here unless you want food poisoning, and your food made by slow messed up employees.  We came in at 2:30 am and waited ( with barely a line) for a sausage sandwich for 20 mins. Why? Well all I know was two cooks who looked messed up, walked in from outside I guess "brakes". They went on to directly prepare and touch food..... No gloves no hand washing, and I saw one just touch his mouth and put a burger in the grill. I am so completely grossed out. This place should be shut down!Much thank you to the staff for not kicking us out as we walked in the door right at closing time (2am)
While back in town visiting my family (in the burbs) and losing my mind when becoming victim of the late night CheeseSteak Cravings. Mind you, late night meaning 9 or 10pm and everything around me was closed. UGH!!! So my last night in town my cousin came to the rescue and we hopped on the freeway at 1:30am to South Street. Again: I must thank the employees for not turning us away at closing time. They were even fine with us eating in. On that note, it was not my #1 cheesesteak but was still on point. Good meat, the roll was good. I brought 4 back to Arizona to share & everyone was happy.Me likey alot!
So after trying the famed Geno's (have yet to try Pat's) I find myself returning to SOS time and again.  I like mine with onions and American.  Cheez Wiz just isn't gooey-gloppy-cheesy enough for me.  I like my sliced steak enveloped in channels of melted cheese.
Oh, and order two.  One just isn't enough.  Really, trust me.  You don't want to get in that line again.Caitlin's right. If you only have one cheesesteak in your life, it shouldn't be from Steaks on South. But these are still better than most. It's also convenient if you're "drunk on south," because when you stumble out of Mom's at 2 a.m., few people ever feel like waiting in that line at Lorenzo's. Better to get quick service at SOS. You'll even get a place to sit.My favorite cheesesteak in town. My favorite cheesesteak at Campbells Field also. These guys know what they're doing. Perfect blend of bread, beef, cheese & onions. Nice clean place with effiecient staff also. Some times these cheesesteak places make you feel like you're bothering them for a 'steak. Not here. Kudos.Had a Philly cheesesteak for the first time ever was great even though I didn't have any bread! She then knocked some money of because of this! Great service with a smile!!!Good portions. Only comment is that I hope they used disposable gloves while preparing the food instead of holding the food with bare hands and attending to the register as well.OK...
So I stood in line at Pats. And Gino's. And a million other cheesesteak places. 
Steaks on South is the ONLY one worth standing in line for!
I drive 2 hours to Philly to eat their steaks once a month!this place is awesome just for the fact that after partying late downtown you can use their bathroom for the price of buying a soda.
there is a jesusOn any given afternoon if you walk down South Street you will notice a line of (ahem) losers wrapped around the corner coming out of Jim's Steaks.
Why, please inform me, would anyone in their right mind stand in line for a steak from Jim's when you could walk a block away and get a much better steak made fresh and to order in a clean and friendly environment?
Whereas Jim's is a tourist-trap and a factory line for overcooked meat and onions, SoS delivers up the kind of personal touch you expect in Philly.
Before I say anything else, let me say this: The place is on South Street and it's clean. Honestly, that alone should get it 5 stars. And a Medal of Honor from the Mayor's Office.
I'm not sure which bakery they get their rolls from but they are always fresh and taste good. The steaks are well made. The staff is very friendly.
My only complaint is that their menu is somewhat limited. Because it's so clean and friendly I wish I could go there for more than just steaks because you can't eat cheesesteaks all the time without, well, looking like you're from Philly. If the menu had a little more depth that fifth star would be up there.
So the next time you go to a show at the TLA and one of your friends is like "Yo, man, let's go to Jim's and get a steak." or "Dude, grab a cab let's go to Geno's or Pat's." You gotta lay down the law and make sure they know "Only a Giant's fan would be that lame."My experience at SOS was a good one! We went on New Years Day 2010. Prices were reasonable and quality was very good! The staff was also very friendly. What's that you say? Friendly staff at a cheesesteak joint in Philly. I know, I've never heard of such a thing either but it's true! The line wasn't long at all and we had our sandwiches in no time. Don't go to Jim's to wait in line for a half hour for a cheesesteak that blows. Next time I'm on South Street and I have a hankering for a steak, I'll be heading to SOS.Being from TX, I have to rely on my buddy up here for cheesesteak advice when I visit. So far so good!  Beef, whiz, onion, and that roll. That's all you need. Oh-  a birch beer and bag of Herr's cheese curls too.Summary - Decent sandwich - SLOW service - and Management observing the (lone) staff person - who barely speaks English (only Spanish)
This place is never busy - I live in the neighborhood - and yet Jim's (a block away) is ALWAYS busy with lines out front. I always wondered why since I sampled SOS's steaks at a street fair one day and the taste was good.
So when I got a discount certificate to SOS I figured I'd try them. Here's the good and bad:
It was a weekday at noonish and I stopped for lunch. There were maybe 3 booths with folks but I saw no food on the table. There was a guy - obviously an employee, not management (he spoke very little English) - behind the counter. That was only staff in site. There were no steaks or onions on the grill (as like Jims). It took me 5 minutes to put in my order for a Cheesesteak and Fries - because he had never seen the certificates. A "manager/owner" came out to ring it up and took order for the next order (a couple of tourists from England.) and then disappeared in back, never to be seen again. It took 10 minutes or more for my Cheese steak. After I got it I politely asked for a cup of water. 15 minutes later, as I finished my sandwich I still didn't get my water. The couple from England's order was screwed up too,  So this place is NOT FAST - be patient! - and service was ZERO.
As to the Cheese steak, it was very good with more meat than Jim's (a lot more!). The fries were decent though obviously from frozen fries. The sandwich was truly enough to share for two moderate eaters. The roll was probably an Amorosos like Jims but I prefer a crisp roll and NO one (even Pat's, Genos or John's) uses a crisp roll.
So, would I go back? Probably The sandwich was good. But if I saw only this one staff member at prime time lunch time - and I didn't have 15 minutes to wait for my food - I'd probably walk the block to Jims.
See the photo in middle below and that was the total staff with 6 tables of customers.