Ive been here twice, since it is literally a few doors down from me. Both times the barista was so rude! It was a different guy on each occasions. Both were equally obnoxious. Didn't break a smile. Made me feel very uncomfortable. The coffee was just OK but Jeez, how about a little customer service with your bland coffee? 
I tipped both times and both times they didn't even thank me. Just shrugged me off. I definitely wont be back. The place inside is really clean but WAY too sterile for Fishtown. Get some sort of style going on here guys...Very nice inviting cafe..great coffee and yummy baked items ..They sell sandwiches too ..I didn't try them today but the descriptions seem most promising and whomever the young lady is working the counter today at about 3 pm today was most friendly and helpful .also very polite and professional as well ..seems like a great place to socialize, study or work tooGreat addition to Fishtown. I love that they support other local coffee companies with their bagged coffees too!This place is odd, and not in a fun way. 
The first time I went there, the baristas were so rude to me, they acted as though they were shocked that I was in there, and made me feel unwelcome. I asked them a few questions and they just stared at me with a blank look on their faces.  I didn't feel like ordering anything because of their bad attitude, so I left and waited two months before coming back. 
The second time there was one barista, who was not rude, so this time I ordered.  While waiting, I realized that I wanted to leave, (but didn't)  because of the depressing decor, including flavorless "art".  I have seen more interesting artwork in a doctor's office.  Speaking of medical settings, the entire time I was waiting, I felt that at any moment a doctor was about to emerge from the back room, to tell me of the grim prognosis of one of my loved ones.  Yeah, I felt like I was in a hospital waiting room or doctor's office or morgue waiting room.  Very STERILE and NO personality.     The people who run this place are clearly afraid of color. It feels cold to me in there...not temperature cold, just ambient-cold.  If you have a clinic or medical or funeral home fetish this might be your place.
The coffee and tea quality is pretty good, as well as the snacks.  Also, the bathroom was clean.  So, yes, although the product is good, I'll be alternating between having my coffee or tea at home or taking my money over to Re-Animator from now on.At first I was like "the coffee is good, but the food selection is pretty meager" and then someone hipped me to the tea situation.  This is some terrific tea, with over 20 different varieties to choose from, including plenty of caffeinated and herbal options.  The tea is priced really well for gourmet tea at 1.75 or 2.25.  I love coffee but because of this place I now get pretty excited about tea also.
The one time I had the food it was pretty decent, I just wasn't impressed with the selection.  Now that I appreciate this place for what it is, I think it deserves 5 stars.
Service has always been friendly and helpful.I'm a tea drinker so I really love coming here for an iced tea. There's always different options to choose from each time I go. This is a great spot to grab a drink while walking your dog at the park across the street.Adorable little coffee shop with delicious sandwiches! My friend and i split the Melter Skelter and the Toaster and they were both amazing! I can't decide which I liked better . Would definitely be there all the time if I lived closer!The staff is so polite, you would think that they own the place. The coffee is good and the tea is incredible. I go the extra two blocks.I don't really care for the decor of this new cafe.  It feels a bit sterile to me with all of the stainless steel.  Additionally, I find their iced coffee to be on the weak side, especially since it's supposedly cold brewed.Steap and Grind is very calm and cute coffee shop. This place is great for a person to sit and do work. There are plenty of seats and it is relatively quiet. The tea selection is extensive and impressive, pastries and sandwiches are also delicious. Steap and Grind is also very pet friendly. 
Bonus: cute puppies while you do work. 
I would say that this coffee shop is the best option for doing work in Fishtown. Unlike La Colombe there is free WiFi.I love this place so much- their pastries are decadent, the coffee is strong and delicious, and their salads and sandwiches are super flavorful and fresh! Had experienced a slight mishap in my order a few months back and the owner was so gracious and comped my next order which was above and beyond. I highly recommend the veggie salad (homemade hummus is A+) and the Palmer sandwich (great tuna salad- not usually my thing but this stuff is seriously addictive) with a side of sunshine and Palmer Park chillin across the street. Grateful to call this spot my go-to lunch break location.Consistently incredible tea and super super affordable. Service can be slow sometimes but other than that, the selection is vast and the staff is extremely knowledgable -- great addition to Fishtown.Steap and Grind is THE PLACE in Philly that you want to go to for some tea and a nice relaxing sit.
Most coffee shops have only a few teas, at best; or are tea-only and expensive. Steap and Grind has a massive wall overflowing with teas - it's hard to decide which to get! - and good coffee.
Steap and Grind always seems to have an empty table or two, so don't be worried about finding a seat for some free Wifi or a chat with your friend.
My only real issue is with the interior which is a bit basic.They have the best homemade cookies!! I also absolutely love the tea selection and being able to make a cozy london fog or any tea latte. The baristas are really friendly as well and always are welcoming to doggies too.Great shop, delicious coffee & right across the street from beautiful Palmer Park (aka St Mary's Park for ol' school Fishtowners).  Grab a cup, sit outside & enjoy.As a big coffee fan, I was a little disappointed by the lack of options. No flavored lattes, no variety in coffee options. BUT then I realized this is because it's not really a coffee shop, it's a tea house or room or whatever you call a cafe dedicated to the tea stuff.
I've tried half a dozen of the teas and they are quite delicious! Coconut chai latte is worth a shot if you like coconut and chai and lattes.
The food is pretty tasty. They mix up their own veggie cream cheese that is pretty good. It has onions though, which I hate.
I'm still a little disappointed at the lack of coffee options but the coffee they do have is pretty good, and it definitely won't stop me from my regular coffee and bagel visits.
It also doesn't hurt that they accept credit cards.Calling everyone with a tea fetish! They have a wide selection of loose leaf teas and a variety of season loose leaf teas to keep you interested. If you're looking for a place to steep, this is it ok bad pun, but great place).
Also, devoured delicious cookies that had that homemade look I think - ate them so fast it's hard to remember. 
The barista was also chatty and informative when I told him I was new to the area, making me feel right at home and welcomed. 
Fast, free wifi. Ample seating.My first time here and I was really impressed with the amazing selection of teas. I tried the strawberry & ginger herbal tea (over ice) and it was perfect!  Comfortable space, pretty, free wi-fi. Maybe could use some more seating...but I'll definitely be back!I enjoy the coffee and tea selection. They are very dog friendly and put water out for the dogs. Nice people and fast wifi. 
I am nitpicking but was there at 7am before work and they opened at 7:05.This place isn't the worst. And I love to see a new business in the hood. But I read one review that said it was like waiting in an airport, which I'd agree with.  It kind of felt like one of those reality design  shows where someone has 4hrs to put together a cool, new, slick, old world, off campus, something, something, coffee/tea spot. And we were the suckers that had to try it out. Oh man, what are the judges gonna think?!  Feels unresolved, what about that corner where the creamer is? And the neighborhood kids they got to act like employees behind the counter? Awkward! Any way it was this summer so maybe it's all better now but I got an iced coffee, which was the worst i've had in a while. Couldn't be saved. I threw it out later and went to Lola bean.  Maybe the tea is good? It does say grind though. Hmmm.Great little coffee shop in Fishtown. Enjoyed some refreshing iced tea. Nice spot to get some work doneDon't get the coffee. Wonderful tea selection, though.  Nice staff, a bit overpriced for the neighborhood.+ the best bagel i have had in philadelphia 
+ gimme! coffee is brewed correctly
+ good, quiet workspace
+ premium steap tea available for bulk purchase!We've been going too this place for years now and it's wonderful!  Special shot out to the great owners, everything bagels, veggie cream cheese and London fog teaIf you're going to advertise being dog friendly, then be dog friendly to ALL dogs.  It's the only reason I would walk to pay for overpriced coffee and pastries.  My dog is a pit mix but is better behaved than 98% of dogs in fishtown.Beautiful and spacious, huge variety of teas, yummy pastries, and baristas who are actually nice.First off - Dog friendly (inside too)! There were at least 5-6 that came through during the couple hours when I was there, loved that. Great iced coffee; also tried the strawberry lychee green tea and it was delicious. Did a create your own bagel sort of thing with cream cheese, avocado and sprouts - was fresh and delicious. They allowed me to open a tab since I'd be there for a couple hours working so that was nice. Cute spot right next to a park.I stopped in to Steap and Grind because I was working from home and it's around the corner. I was immediately overwhelmed by their tea selection and since there was no line I asked the guy working what he would recommend, adding that usually I drink strong black teas like Earl Grey. I was disappointed at first when he answered "Well, Earl Grey Fancy I guess?" If I had wanted Earl Grey, wouldn't I have ordered that? His next recommendation was London Fog (not the latte version) which is a loose leaf Earl Grey with vanilla. Again, not exactly a huge departure from the norm but he offered the jar for me to smell and since a few people had walked in by this point and I felt like I was holding things up, I got a cup of that. It truly is a delicious and lovely tea. I just hope that next time out of 20+ tea selections, they can suggest something other than what I already drink.I've never had tea here, but as we're heading into fall, I will put that on my "to try" list. This is a really comfortable neighborhood place. Ample seating, and I usually see a lot of people during the week perched over laptops and on the weekend, too. The service is very fast--they take credit cards, too--thank you!--and I like that they offer free glasses of water. I typically get a small iced Americano and they also have a simple syrup for sweetening, which is great because I've been to a number of coffee shops that rely on sugar packets leaving you with crunchy, sugary sips at the bottom--yuck! For as trendy as Fishtown has become, the prices are also pleasantly reasonable, too. The best part: they offer 20% off yesterday's pastries. The best thing I've had so far is a ham and cheese croissant. That's a meal. The raspberry bar was good too, but the sweet breakfasts aren't my jam. I know people wait in that long line for bagels next door, and I'm sure they're awesome, but I really like the kind service and reliably good coffee I get here.This place is amazing. I'm an out-of-towner, needing a place to hang and get some work done for a few hours in Philly. I wish this coffee and tea shop were in my hometown of LA! The spicy chai latte is amazing, real brewed tea latte (not some gross syrupy stuff), and just the perfect hint of sweetness. The tables are large, the seating area bright, music appropriate to the shop and the perfect level to provide a little background but not distract. Free wifi, electrical outlets galore. Simply perfect. I'm jealous, Philly!Stopped in for our morning coffee with some friends. Delicious cappuccino and on-point baked goods. Left happy and full of caffeine to start our day. The service people were also so nice.Pretty cute place, if I could give 3.5 stars, I would. I liked that the space was pretty open, things looked really clean, and there were fresh flowers on the table. Not a ton of "ambiance" but sleek and cool.  They have a great tea selection--but things are a little on the pricey-er side: over $3 for a 20 oz iced tea seems a bit much to me.  The baristas were friendly without being curt or overbearing.
As all I had was tea, I can't speak to the quality of the coffee or food. All in all, pretty cute, not bad.I came here for a nice breakfast sandwich (because Yelp Said so) but there wasn't really a selection of "sandwiches," BUT they did have delicious bagels + homemade veggie cream cheese that we're good enough. 
AND THE SELECTION OF TEA. Amazing.A fresh coffee shop in a perfectly designed corner of Fishtown. They brew Gimme! Coffee and a ton of tea options. A great addition to the neighborhood.I ordered a soy latte ($3.75), and found it to be quite lovely. Not the best cup I've had in Philly (see Elixr and Menagerie Cafe), but a solidly good find none the less. 
It's a little loud because the decor is very sparse and solid, so sound travels from the counter, but in general it has a pleasant feel to it, a clean, respectable bathroom, and friendly baristas. 
Most times, I think of fishtown as kind of a dirty shithole, but this place, the adorable park next door, and the surrounding blocks could actually be described as cute! Good call fishtown, you're classing up!I walked up to the register and waited for about 7-10 minutes before the person behind the counter stopped washing dishes and greeted me. He also only decided to pay attention to the counter once a white man stepped in line behind me. Being that Im a young woman of color, and he was a white man behind the counter, it irked me just a little that i had patiently waited for so long and he never even mentioned the wait or seemed to mind that id stood there for so long. 
After I ordered my drink and paid for it, including the up-charge for a nondairy milk, he informed me that they were out of the milk id purchased. He didnt offer me a refund but just offered me other milks. Im not a big fan of common non-dairy options and probably would have opted for no milk had i known this prior. Honestly, this wouldn't have really bothered me if the previous situation hadn't occurred or if he could have even just acknowledged the wait or apologized for only wanting to serve white men.Quickie review. 
Ordered a regular latte $3.75
Homemade choc. chip scone. 
Both were excellent. 
Latte was rich and well balanced. 
Scone was, well homemade. Duhlicious. 
Decor and layout are interesting and deserve a full review on next visit.I don't like to do this unless it's really bad and this was just unacceptable. I stopped in on my way to work, it was on my route I was taking. There was a line and two people behind the counter- one ringing the register and making drinks and the other doing nothing. I ignored this and was patient. I felt bad for the guy. I ordered a half calf iced Americano. The guy looked at me like I had twenty heads, and I had to explain what the drink was. This should have been my sign to leave.  After 15 minutes I got my drink, put a bit of half and half in it and was on my way. I took one sip and almost spit it out. It was so SOUR!! I don't know if the beans were burnt, if the milk they had out had gone rancid or a combination of both. It was so bad I had to throw it out. I then drove down the street to milk crate and got the same there, never disappointing.  From now on ill stick to what I know and I know I will never get coffee from steap and grind ever again! Maybe they are better at tea, and maybe they should just stick to that.I mazed round Fishtown tis' mornin to find some tea. My goal was to skip that dehydrated coffee feeling anyone who works on a laptop all day knows too well. Fate brought me to Steap and Grind!
I assure you this is not a fake write up, I had coffee fatigue, THEN I found what I thought was a mirage of tea! I was taken back by a sea of almost 30 varieties. I found heaps of treasure in this endless ocean.  
My Coconut Black tea tasted pure and authentic, yet was very strong, as is rare for coconut teas. Service was quick, employee nice. The lighting and environment- refreshing, not dim but still relaxing with its silvery tree wall paper and nice amount of medium size windows. The location is fitting, close to a park and away from the center of town. They carry a unique selection of gifts as well. 
Steap and Grind is a much needed addition to Fishtown. This is a nice, clean, healthy alternative to many local overpopulated and dinge cafes.
The only reason I took off a star was because there were no small saucers, I would expect a tea cafe to have a modernized way of properly steaping tea, when all elae fails a saucer would have done the job, they offered a plastic lid (and were very nice) but I don't like the taste of plastic or just the thought of it's contamination in my tea.Fellow tea loves you must come here!  They have a huge variety of loose teas they make onsite for you, hot or cold.  Staff is friendly.  What a gem to have place with a tea focus!  Coffee lovers, no fear there are the espressos, iced and hot coffee options typically found on coffee shops.   Free wi-fi and several tables with decent number of outlets make it a good spot to cozy up and get some work done.  Also open to 6PM which is later than many tea/coffee spots which is a nice bonus.Surprisingly this avid tea lover never heard of this place till last week .. So I called them up to see if they had a powder tea I been drinking and they did.. The guy over the phone was friendly and had it ready for me when I came in... 
Cute place will def be back to check out all their teas!! 
**plus for me they had kind bars (I have a gluten allergy) and they had various different ones I've never tried which I loved!!I have to agree with Will B.  The outside looks very rustic and inviting, but the inside looks like you're waiting for a flight at PHL.  I'm not opposed to either design "theme", but I wish it was at least consistent.
As far as the coffee goes, I ordered an iced coffee to go.  I asked the barista pretty simple questions about the coffee like what kind of roast it is and where it's sourced and she didn't know.  Turns out it was very acidic, which, to me at least, doesn't taste good iced.  If she would have known this I would have ordered something else.It's here. Right around the corner from my house. Somehow I never really chose to go there... The coffee is a bit sour for my taste. Glad they manage to stay in business giving all the new coffee shops poping in the area. Cheers!I went to steep and grind today to get a tea to go.  I live 5 blocks away.  When I went to get out of the car I took the tea from the cup holder.  This is when I found the lid was not on correctly and the tea went all over top of my legs.  My right leg got the most of it with second degree burns and a large blister.  I called them to tell them what had happened, so they would be more careful with lids.  However, I was surprised at how rude the girl was.  The call started off good.  She asked how I was and said she was sorry, but then she hung up on me.  Didn't say goodbye, thank you  for calling.  Take my name and number to check and see how I was doing.  This was VERY disturbing.  It could of landed on a nice note, now I won't be back and I will let everyone know how lousy the service is.  Many a store no longer exist because of bad customer service.  Picture included.Nice addition to Frankford Avenue. Steep and Grind doesn't offer much than any other coffee shop but the pluses are Square Wallet use, nice outdoor seating, and a spacious interior.The people who work here are very nice and the coffee's great, but the decor makes me feel like I'm sitting in a display at bed bath and beyond which has deterred me from actually spending anytime in here. Perfect spot if you're looking  for a grab and go.Dishonest, disrespectful, and rude employees...I came in to get a coffee, gave the girl a $10 bill, and she gave me back change as if I had given a $5. She insisted loudly and rudely that I had given a $5. After counting the bills in her register, without saying a word she took the change back and gave me change for a $10. When I asked "so I gave you a $10?" she said nothing. No apology for insisting that I was some kind of crook when it was in fact her mistake, and her co-worker didn't apologize either. I left without even taking my coffee.
Come to this place if you want to be cheated and insulted by spoiled and clueless brats. Really puts you in a good mood for the day. I live not far away and have been there many times, but never again.Cool little coffee shop in Fishtown. The staff is always incredibly friendly and willing to chat with you. The coffee there is always strong and helps to give you a boost! This might replace Rocket Cat as my go to coffee shop.I came out to Steap and Grind because they were hosting a poetry reading during the 2-1-5 Literary Festival and some friends and faculty were reading. Overall, I had a nice time and enjoyed the visit. 
The space is very clean and open , and the staff is quite pleasant. We started off with a caramel macchiato, which was very tasty and a bargain at $3. I also noticed that they had a tremendous array of tea. I'm generally not a tea drinker, but given that we were here for a while, I decided to try the coconut tea, which was really good. I also thought that the baristas (bariste?) were very nice. 
The coffee, tea, and poetry were a great way to cap off a nice dinner down the street at Pickled Heron. I would def stop back in here the next time I'm in the neighborhood.Just opened so ...yet already has outstanding selection, service, and atmosphere. High quality tea, coffee, and more with a young, hip vibe overlooking a park.Really mellow place 5-10 minute walk from me with good coffee and tea. I like it a lot.  It's always nice and quiet in here and the baristas are sweet and attentive.  The decor is very clean and simple, and it's great for people watching out the window.  I'm excited to go back and try more of their amazing tea collection.  Perfect place to take a laptop or a book and have a nice quiet, relaxing afternoon. What more could I ask for?Great Customer Service!! The best ice coffee IMO very different flavor profile than any others I have had, Springtime sandwich and the melter skelter with prosciutto are top notch.  I have been to all the local competitors and probably tried everything on their menus as well, Steap and Grind checks all the boxes for the best spot IMO. Atmosphere is welcoming and good to hang and do work and the staff is not snotty like literally every other coffee shop in the neighborhood.If you are a tea drinker this is the place for you! A huge selection of tea all equally delicious. Also have  gluten free treats to accompany your cup. Also if you are a pet owner they let you bring your pup right up to the counter and may even have a treat to give them. Definitely worth a stop in!There are so many coffee shops in the area, one really has to stand out in order to differentiate. They have a lovely variety of teas, and the standard coffee drinks which are very good. The ambience is nice, but perhaps the best thing is that they allow you to bring your dog inside. I do love La Colombe, but I do not feel comfortable leaving my pet tied up outside while I run in for a drink. You often hear about dogs being stolen and I'm not willing to risk it. This is now my go to coffee place, and I couldn't be happier.The position of this cafe is excellent right at Palmer park- sitting outside is very quiet and pleasant. Inside atmosphere is strange and cafeteria-like. The coffee is not good. Great pastries thoughConsistently good coffee! I typically get an iced coffee during the summer months - very smooth cold brew + I love their rosemary simple syrup ... However, I tried their new smoky chai as a latte (and dirty with a shot of espresso) and yum! A nice fall drink, subtle in sweetness but warm and smoky. 
The baristas are sweet and accommodating, regardless of what time/day/amount of customers. I appreciate consistency in service and product, and encourage supporting your local businesses, especially ones that have earned it!This place is awesome. Dog friendly so I'm allowed in. They have internet for my made-for-dogs laptop. And it's not too busy so I don't get overly excited and have an accident or start barking.
I do wish they had more egg-based dog food (eggs, I mean eggs) so I don't have unhealthy-for-dogs carb loaded bagel every morning. 
Other than that the ambiance is perfect and the people operating the coffee shop are fantastic.Apart from the decor being  'medical green' (not mint green, which would be good, especially if combined with a bright color)  this place is excellent.   Meanwhile, this is actually a 4.5 star update.   I also noticed music, which is good, not too loud and not anything annoying.  The place is very clean, even their bathroom.  Also, I must mention that they now carry a FANTASTIC health elixir brand called  'Rite Elixir', found in the refrigerator, so now I am going to S & G a couple of times a week.  Mind you, the elixir is a bit pricey, but I drink it in lieu of getting a flu shot, so I buy a bottle, drink a couple of ounces per day until gone.  I don't drink it as a thirst quencher, it is a disease-preventative.  I love the Apple/maca/cinnamon as well as the Orange/tangerine/turmeric one. I really LOVE the green one.
They now sell sandwiches and are very fresh and tasty.I really enjoy their tea selection. They are very knowledgable about the products they use. Being a tea lover they introduced me to my new favorite tea, London fog.Great coffee spot.  Cold brew is great.  Espresso is top notch.  Chill hangout spot.  Sidewalk, park adjacent seating is the tits when the weather cools down.The staff and atmosphere here are top notch. Its a very quite and warm environment. 
The coffee and bagels were amazing. I messed up and didnt get the veggie cream cheese, which Im told is made fresh in house.
I'll probably be back, but not as often as I would like to be. for 2 coffees and 2 bagels, it set me back about $15. Thats a bit much for this to be an every weekend thing, but still a nice enough place where I'll treat myself every so often.They have the best homemade cookies!! I also absolutely love the tea selection and being able to make a cozy london fog or any tea latte. The baristas are really friendly as well and always are welcoming to doggies too!I am staying with friends just a block from here and stopped in for some drinks and a place to work. Co-owner Colleen was behind the counter. When I ordered a filter coffee, she was concerned that with the slow traffic on this stormy day it wouldn't be up to par, so she upgraded me to an americano, which was delicious. 
After a pleasant hour or so working in the brightly lit, and cheerful space, I decided it was time for tea. When I was stumped by their excellent selection, Colleen offered to help me decide. She made a great suggestion. She even suggested that I could re-steep the leaves if I liked - something that I always do at home (the second cup is often even better than the first) but usually feel awkward asking to do in a coffee shop. 
Clearly the folks running this place put the customer first. I wish them great success!The tea infusion espressos are fantastic! The coffee is also delicious too! Love that they have a great selection of tea to choose from! Also great place to get your work done!Sheesh, tough crowd, this place just opened and it's already getting some harsh reviews, give them some time. The coffee is great (Gimme Coffee, NY), I had both the iced coffee and regular. No complaints here except it's a little more expensive than La Colombe.  I'm sick of drinking La Colombe, it's like a freaking laxative and every coffee shop in fishtown sells it so I'm happy we have a variety now.
I also loved their pomegranate unsweetened iced tea and can't wait to try some of their others.Steap and Grind is right around the corner from my house. Perfect location and couldn't ask more for a shop around the corner. The food is great and made with care. The coffee, always made just right and the staff is super friendly. So happy to live close by!Short version: BEST coffee AND tea in Fishtown/Kensington/Northern Liberties, hands down (and I've lived everywhere between Old City and Fishtown for over 10 years). I haven't tried the food, but it's just bagel sandwiches for now, so it is what it is.
Long version: I've been going here since it opened but have been holding off on a review until I felt they were consistently great. I've lived in this neighborhood for about four years and have yet to pick a "regular" coffee shop (I go to a different one for each day of the week), as none of them are *consistently* great in my opinion.
But it's been a couple months now and I have yet to have a drink here that is anything less than perfect. I brought my coffee snob friends from Pittsburgh here and not only did they buy a few pounds to take home, they joked they were thinking of moving back to Philly just for this place.
The espresso is always smooth and delicious, never burnt or bitter. And the tea. Holy hell, the tea selection here is crazy good. Black tea with coconut is the best thing I've ever tasted, and I'm not even a huge tea guy, but I buy a bag every couple weeks to keep the fridge stocked with iced tea. They're all good though, especially while it's hot, go in there and try one of their rotating iced tea selections (there's maybe 20+ teas to choose from, but they offer 4-5 of them as iced tea on any given day), and there's usually a pitcher of one of them to try for free.
Honestly I don't know what the negative reviews are all about... wouldn't be surprised if it was friends of the other coffee shop owners who should be rightly worried about losing their business to a superior establishment. :)I've been back a couple times since my last review. They hired some really friendly baristas. The customer service is a lot better. I bought some lose tea, Im hooked. They let you try a sample of a new tea every day and I always look forward to it. The decor is a little lack luster but Im sure that will change with time.I can't say enough about the product and service here.  The selection is awesome, the staff is quick to help, and the place is immaculately clean.   I've almost stopped my chain store coffee stops for this amazing little spot in Fishtown.I love that they have a sample tea to try at the counter. Interesting tea lattes and their bagels taste really fresh.Fishtown is a great place to live as a coffee drinker. This neighborhood is riddled with coffee shops. I have tried all of them and all have things that they do great. Steep and grind has a remarkable variety of Chais and Coffee is awesome. The problem I have been running into in the neighborhood is attitude. There is no attitude at Steep and Grind; Just genuinely nice people who are a pleasure to be around. I strongly suggest this joint.The first time I came here, I thought the staff was rather unwelcoming & cold but the sandwich I ordered--the Frankford--was fantastic. The next time I visited Philly, I gave it another chance and haven't regretted it. Everyone has off days, and the staff have fortunately been friendly at each subsequent visit. This has definitely become my go-to place to get work done whenever I'm passing through or visiting. Wish I was here often enough to be a regular! I've never gone wrong with their sandwiches or bagels, and their coffee (and latte art) is decent enough. Everything that's been said about the decor & cleanliness is true.Every time I go to Steap and Grind I think I can't possibly have a better experience than the last time, and every time it just gets better. The food is amazing, the tea is absolutely delicious (and they are always helpful with recommendations, since it can get a bit overwhelming), but most of all, the people who work there are just so incredibly nice, helpful, and wonderful in every way. I can't believe it took me so long to realize what a gem this place is. Between their scones and clotted cream (clotted cream!!! I'd been craving this ever since I tried the cream tea tradition in Cornwall last month!!!), their nice selection of vegetarian options (the Melter Skelter, Vegan Curry Chicken and some delicious sprout-filled take on a caprese, among others), and a ton of delicious baked goods, even on the days that the scones were sold out, I had tons to choose from. And every tea I've had there has been delightful. I've been trying to cut back on coffee, but I did try some of that as well, and it was strong and wonderful. But again, as great as their offerings in the food and drink departments are, the people who work there are even better. Today  I called wondering if they still had scones, and they saved me one, which was so good I almost cried, no exaggeration. Thank you so much, Steap and Grind folks... you're the best!!The menu is small, which I like. All the food I've tried/seen tasted/looked delicious and fresh. Rather have a small menu done right! The tea is downright amazing and nothing is too expensive compared to other nearby cafes. Perfect, quiet little spot.Stopped into Steap and Grind for a quick lunch and was very impressed  - in a quiet low key kind of way :)   My friend and I each ordered different sandwiches so we could swap halves and share:  The Classic-a grilled cheese/tomato slice of heaven and The Ruggie- a grilled PB&J with crunchy peanut butter and a choice of several different Jams.  Both delicious and washed down with mint ice tea.  There is a quiet dine-in area with free wifi.  If you are in the mood for a picnic, then get it to go and eat in the quiet, shady pocket park next door.   Definitely a find.My go to in Fishtown for the caffeine high. You gals would get 5 stars if you'd ignore your hangovers and open a little earlier.This is my new favorite cafe to go to for study purposes. It's super welcoming, has great coffee and tea (at reasonable prices mind you), and plenty of well spaced seating with available outlets (a must for those who constantly study).  They also get bonus points for allowing pets which is great for this area because this neighborhood is loaded with awesome people with amazing dogs (and at least one pig).  This really accentuates the atmosphere. 
My one and only issue with the place is the flies: I know the complaint is somewhat unfair and perhaps only relevant to the season, but a couple times I went there, there was an irritating amount of flies which made it difficult to concentrate.  Again, it only happened a couple times so walking in is not a guarantee to entering fly city, but I felt it was worth noting.A few Saturdays ago, I stopped in Steap & Grind about an hour before closing. I've passed by the cafe on foot a few times and the outside is so cute with its metal gates, etc. I was left a little unimpressed with the indoor decor which is pretty basic. It was a very nice day outside, but overly humid inside and stuffy. I ordered a cold brew with almond milk and was informed they were out of all the alternative milks. Coffee itself was tasty, but nothing special.Dog-friendly, nice staff, decent coffee, and tasty sandwiches. 
I wouldn't say anything was mind-blowing, but those aspects above are enough to make Steap and Grind a solid place for a quick bite. For tea drinkers, I'm sure this place is a goldmine, but the coffee is also good enough to get you by. For coffee elites, you'll probably want to head to one of the third wave shops nearby, but my cortado was well-prepared and quite tasty! My sandwich (the Springtime) was simple, delicious. perfectly-toasted, and didn't leave me in a food coma for lunch, so overall, Steep and Grind gets a thumbs up from us!
Enjoy!This corner coffee shop has been a go-to for my office staff for the last year since its opening. We enjoy the coffee and the iced tea-especially the fresh brewed kind. I especially love the sandwiches- the springtime with mozzarella and pesto is my fave-and I absolutely cannot resist the raspberry bars when they're at the counter (homemade from a local baker they work with). It's definitely a spot for locals to 'work from home' out of, so the small # of tables are busy during the day with people who stay for hours. I do like it here as my local shop, but sandwiches and even drinks take a LONG time to come out, so be prepared to wait-and you may not get a table when hours comes out!