There is never any complaints about steves I love there food and service deff a place to try if your in the city food and service is great just one thing thou start accepting debt/credit they only take cash.This is my second favorite cheesestake after Campos and considering how many steaks shops there are, this is a huge compliment.  Never been to the original location but I have been to one at Comlys often.
They have it all: fresh bread, steak that tastes like meat, not grizzle or steak-um, good cheese, fried onions.  Service is friendly and fast. Enough seating. Good parking right behind the building.
Another plus is if you eat late, say after 9:00 or 9:30, most services close the kitchen,  but not Steve's and the steak is fresh, piping hot, when you get it!!I love the cheese steak service is always great n fastThis is a great cheese steak, maybe the best I've had.  The steak and bread are quality.  They use the perfect amount of cheese and onions.  The prices are reasonable and there is plenty of parking.  
I go with three stars because the place is small, just bar seating along the perimeter walls.  If you want anything on your steak other than onions, you have to unwrap it and add them yourself.  Not too bad if you're eating in, but a pain if you're taking it to go.  
All in all, a great cheese steak for reasonable price.  Definitely will be going back.Cheesesteak: great, good quality meat. They get your food to you quickly. 
The two star rating is for the cheese fries. Picture attached. I opened this and said, "you've got to be shitting me." There couldn't have been more than 20 fries in here. They were good, don't get me wrong, but that's just ridiculous to charge $4.50 plus tax for the fries.This is the first bad review I've ever written but I had to! Everyone has their opinion and my wife and i Think this place is a very expensive overrated cheesesteak that is not good at all or in anyway it has a bad flavor that I explain at the end , Plus they charge you extra for peppers and little stuff that nobody charges for, Wawa makes a better cheesesteak, several people were trying to hype it up before we tried it but then I realized those people grew up on those cheesesteaks from a young age that's why they love Steves, I don't recommend for anything chicken or steak and we both didn't even eat half, Plus both meats had a strange old like flavor, kind of like the chicken and beef equivalent to that nasty fishy smell and taste that you sometimes get when the fish is not fresh... I definitely consider myself a foodie and have tried just about every cheesesteak around, Steve's is definitely last.So I've been here a few times and they offer up some great cheesesteaks. A little pricey for the location, but good nonetheless.
Are they the best ever? Nah.. But they're good enough to come here again and again if you're in the area. I feel like Prince of Steaks is a good title because while they aren't the king... They're right there waiting.Being a cheese steak lover, I must say hands down at being in my top 3 places for having a cheese steak. I wish I lived closer so I could have it once a week!Terrific cheesesteak today from Steve's. sliced steak not chopped. Silky and smoky provolone. Fresh onions cooked just right. Way to go guys. This is quickly becoming my favorite Philly steak place.Great tasting cheesesteaks quickly, even with long lines. I work down the street at another restaurant and when we are working long hours I will sometimes pick up some cheeseteaks for lunch. They taste great and they're quick!!Love this spot. Truly one if not the best cheese steak spot in Philly. I live in NY and I take the trip no matter the time to to enjoy one or 2 of their steaks. You must try them, genos nd pats is a tourist attraction because of the hype but if you want a really delicious cheese steak come here instead. You will not be disappointedThis is a no nonsense restaurant. . Had the steak sandwhich with cheese and onions. $10 - . worth the money. More of a take away place but there is limited seating at a counter. Was working in the area yesterday. Im a new yorker so had to have a philly-cheese steak. Pretty good. would stop again.The place bites the big one ! 
       I hate a cheesesteak that's  not cut up. It seems in addition to that, they just heave the cheese right on there. Their roll was nothing better than a roll from WaWa. I'm disappointed with the place. Now I see why they're open so late & that's because their trying to make some money after the bars close down or from the people who smoke pot, hoping they'll get the MUNCHIES & stop there.
   I don't usually bash a place like this but ~ I have to tell the truth when i strongly beleive in something but  you never have to wait in line because there isn't one. Sorry Steve, but you goitta get on the ball if you wanna make some money. And there's lots of money to be made.
  Someone else stated Chink's......very good, another one is  Frusco's on Frankford Ave in Mayfair. For a damn good hoagie, I recommend  Primo's at Hellerman & Frankford & another is Jack's Hoagies on Hegerman Street, I think that's in lower Mayfair, east of Frankford Avenue.Went to Steve's Prince of Steaks. Not impressive at all. All the talk about this place instead of Pat's or Geno's to me was not true. No flavor on the cheesesteak. My hot and spicy fries were plain fries with Old Bay. I will not go back to this place again. I hope all Philly Cheesesteaks are not created equal.Never disappoints, my absolute favorite!! Me & my boyfriend's favorite place for steaks. Wiz wit :)Steak could use a bit more meat.  clean and tasty... Enjoyed the first time visit ... Worth a stopGreat fries! Get the cheese on, not on the side. 
Steaks are very good. A little light on the meat with the regular size. Could alway order extra meat.Very good food limited menu and the service is just ok. They seem to be impatient even if you are the only customer. But the cheesesteaks are great. Cash only is a pain but the food is great. Did I mention the food is great!Steve's may be the Prince of Steaks, but it's King of the far Northeast.  I've been coming here for years and is my neighborhood favorite.  It's always clean and quick service when going in there.  There's never a big line, but there's always people in there when you go.  I got my usual cheesesteak with whiz and fried onions.  The roll is very fresh, a little on the softer side, but more than sturdy enough to not break apart.  The steak isn't chopped, but a little thicker and in medium sized pieces about the size of the palm of your hand.  As for the size of it, the roll is quite long.  Unfortunately, it lacks in the amount of the meat you get.  Maybe it's an illusion because of the style of steak it is.  I'm curious to know how much weight it is versus some other big name places that chop it up.  As for the taste of it, it's delicious.  The meat is a  good quality and full of flavor.  It's not too overly seasoned and really let's the meat flavor the entire sandwich.  The whiz is spread on the roll instead of dumped on the whole thing.  It isn't overwhelming and is the perfect amount.  The onions add a tasty compliment and proportioned nicely throughout the steak.  I also got a side of their "hot and spicy" fries, which are regular fries with a spicy seasoning.  My one gripe is how they serve the fries.  No matter how you get it, eat in or to go, they always serve them in a small container and wrapped in paper.  I've been coming here for so long it's always been like that.  To management-- get some real to go containers for the fries!!!The steaks are amazing. I just get a cheese steak with fried onions. The cheese fries are delicious as well. Not the best environment and the staff isn't super friendly but I just get my steak to go and it's good enough for me!Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia!! Our staple stop on our way home from the shore or 95!! Staff is always super friendly!! Make sure to grab a bunch of napkins as the goodness often oozes out! Great sides of pickles and pickles available!!Best steak, rudest staff.  Order more than 2 steaks and they seem irritated, like they are bothered and dont want your business. Happened multipe times.  But still tbe best cheesesteakJust ok steak is cut a little thick for my taste. I wouldn't call it tough, just a bit too much chew for me. Other than that Roll is good as is flavor.I wouldn't even give them a 1 Place raised prices but still have old price signs up use excuse of didn't have time to change it.Then you go to pay with a debit card and then told to pay machine a extra1.50 to get your money to pay I'm so sorry that we didn't just walk out but weather was bad and it was 830pm we were hungry.We will NEVER go there again and we were regular costomers.Do your self a favor go down to red lion rd and eat at With or Without same steak meat Place is much cleaner and there are no scams.They should be ashamed of their business.Went there on very high recommendations.  As a lifelong Philadelphian and bit of a cheesesteak connoisseur, I was very disappointed. There was not enough meat in the steak, and the meat that was there was tough and chewy. Won't be going there again unless someone is buying me lunch.Best cheesesteaks in Phila,  no doubt.  Fries w/ wiz,  u can't beat it.  ExcellentThis location has had come consistency over the years but it's still a philly staple. I'm a prov wit cut kinda gal but my heart strings are really pulled by the huge order of fries well done. They are perfect potatoes!One of the more "famous" cheesesteaks in the Philadelphia area, so you may want to check it out. Steve's is a good cheesesteak, but for me it just doesn't knock my socks off. Just to talk about the cheesesteak, the meat is sliced, not chopped. Personally I like my cheesesteaks with American or Provolone cheese, but at Steve's I highly recommend trying it with the Wiz, it just gives it a good cheesy, salty flavoring. The roll they put it on is pretty thick in my opinion, but that doesn't make it bad. Their fries are just eh, not really my favorite as they just taste like generic fry that they buy to have a side item at the restaurant. To be fair, they do have a bunch of other menu items I haven't tried, but they are most famous for their cheesesteak. 
In terms of the price, it isn't the cheapest cheesesteak ever, but it's not expensive. Steve's is cash only, which is fine, but I do like paying with my card at most places. In the 21st century, most places should convert to using credit cards. The location itself is borderline divvy, but they seem to maintain the inside pretty decently. Overall, it's a good cheesesteak place, but I just don't understand why people go berserk over this quality of cheesesteak, it's just not that great, it's good.Great tasting cheesesteak from top to bottom. Excellent bread, beef, and cheese with outstanding condiments - especially the thin pickles and hot sauce. The problem is that the meat to bread ratio is off, with just a couple of thin layers of beef. I shouldn't have to ask and pay for extra beef to get a decent sandwich. Compare it to the one at John's Roast Pork.This steak was awesome! The only gripe I have is there was no more provolone or fried onions! You'd think those things would be plentyful in a cheese steak place...that is their specialty but my sandwich with sweet peppers, mushrooms and American cheese was still on point... they don't salt the fries so be sure to add some before you leave with those crispy golden gems!Flipping delicious. Real simple- my favorite cheesesteaks in a city notorious for good cheesesteaks. I was born and raised here and this is where I eat. Cash only.To be honest, Steve has the best cheesesteak in the city. It is not cardboard like Pat's or Geno's ( not flashy either). You don't need to go to those tourist traps to enjoy a great cheesesteak. Go to Steve!I actually don't like their steaks because they're not chopped up, but all of my friends love them.  This place is like a well oiled machine when it's busy and the staff are friendly, efficient and helpful.  Plus, to be honest, my greatest weakness is cheese fries and theirs are amazing.Hello to my new go to cheesesteak place in NE Philly!
An awesome blend of meat, wiz, onions, and peppers on great bread that sing in perfect harmony! The spicy fries were pretty spectacular as well... Cooked to order with generous amounts of seasoning.
Cash only (ATM inside) and plenty of parking.Being from California, I've only ever had pale imitation cheesesteaks.  Prince of steaks was amazing.  The steak was cooked to perfection, the american cheese was oozy perfection, and the bread was definately not too soggy.  The only other cheesesteak I've had in Philly was at the bar next door to Steve's.  While I enjoy the bar, the cheesesteak wasn't close to what Steve's has to offer.  In conclusion... amazingly delicious.Whiz wit' - Steve's is my all time favorite .. but I do prefer the location on Bustleton/St. Vincent over ComlyLove the guys who work here. They are great at making cheesesteaks and have fun with the customers. Wouldn't go anywhere else for a cheesesteak around this area! Plus they use the real steak and not that chopped shit they use elsewhere.Cheese steaks are sort of like coffee and violins -- I don't know much about them, but I do know when they suck. Steve's isn't Folgers or a Berkeley violin. 
Pros: Compared to Pat's and Geno's, Steve's is the obvious winner in the meat department. If you chopped up Outback steaks into thin slices, then you'd know what I'm talking about. The steak is chewy and has consistency, not a wimpy one-biter.
Needs work: The hot sauce at Geno's has more kick, and I think the bread is a bit chewier. A couple big pieces of burnt char were fished out from my steak here, but this is a minor complaint.
Go to Steve's, you wont be disappointed.A very good cheese steak! I ordered the Wiz Wit. The steak is not chopped up, and it was perfectly seasoned. I think the guy put 3 ladles worth of cheese whiz on my steak. The onions were perfectly sauteed and added to the flavor. The roll was also very fresh. For my first experience of Steve's I was very satisfied. There was no fat on any of the meat like Geno's.
You order your steak at one window and your drinks and and fries at the other. If you are not from around Philly read the instructions on how to order, if you don't order like a Philadelphian, you sound like an idiot.  It is cash only but don't worry they have an ATM.  My brother ordered the American wit and was shocked to see the american was melted cheese sauce as well, I must peruse that next time.Great steaks, as mentioned elsewhere here, meat is not chopped, which to me is always best. Rolls are good, the store/waiting/eating area is pretty small, with the usual condiments (though I think it doesn't need any). I always get just a plain steak, no cheese or onions, and it is great. There was one time when it was a little gristly, but otherwise theirs have consistently been some of the best in the city. The only others I would rank as high as Steve's are Geno's and maybe Wit or Witout's (which isn't too far away if you want to do a taste comparison).
Service is usually pretty fast (although a little confusing compared to some of the other steak places in that you don't go to a different window to pick up your stuff. They have an ATM inside.Absolutely the best cheese steaks in and around Philadelphia. Hand trimmed beef that has basically no fat, fresh rolls, and american cheese in whiz form. I prefer this location as it's a bit cleaner than the original. In the decade I have been coming here I only recall thinking that I waited too long maybe 1-2 times. Their pickles are awesome on the side, as are the round red and green hot peppers. Pizza fries also very amazing. A classic favorite, never fails. Pat's and Geno's don't stand a chance with a discerning tongue.The single best cheesesteak you'll ever have.
Steves is a northeast icon. They're our version of pats and Genos and, as an Italian who has literally tried them all, nothing compares to the prince.
The key is sliced ribeye as opposed to chopped. Totally amazing!OMG it is official the best cheese steak ever!!! Have to come here for the best!! Great price and a lot of food!!! Other things on the menu like subs and hamburgers but the cheese steak keeps you coming back!!Best steaks in Philly. If you want a true Philly steak then come here. American wit is the go toSimply put, I had the best Steak Hoagie of my life here.  No pressure when ordering, friendly staff, and superb steak.  If I'm ever back in Philly, I'll be hitting this place up again for sure.It's decent. They won't yell at you if you don't proclaim wit' whiz fast and loud. Their steaks are sliced rather than chopped and mixed, but the sliced meat is moist, tender, and well-seasoned, unlike Geno's.
The seating's limited. if you get on the wrong side of the route 1 (they have inner lanes and outer lanes), it might you a bit of ways to turn around and get here.
The rolls are just okay...it could be crunchier on the outside like the vietnamese hoagies (but that would make it more french...than italian?).
All in all, I would rate them around the same, if not slightly better, as Pat's and much much better than Geno's.Absolutely love their steaks. The only drawback is how expensive they are getting over the years. Seriously though, my favorite steaks in the city at this joint.I love it, but the price killed it for me.  Overpriced cheese steak!  Other than that the cheese steak is always delicious so if you don't mind paying that much then you will love it.  The food is great and the services is good. Plus the cheese fries are to die for!!! Yummy.I will not be going back.  The overall sandwich lacked flavor, other than the american cheese sauce.  I was told this was the best place to go but I have had many better cheesesteaks in Minnesota.  I was disappointed.Rude cashier and tough meat. Not sure what everyone is raving about. Was looking forward to an authentic Philly cheesesteak, this spot definitely disappointed!This is our go to cheesesteak place when we are visiting family in Philly! They always do a great job and we always leave satisfied! The food is fresh and I have never had a bad cheesesteak there!A little pricy for a family of four, but so worth it. Here's a little tip if you want it done right... TIP both the steak guys & the soda/fry guys! Best cheese steak around NE Philly. Even when we go to S Philly I won't get a Pat's or Geno's. That's for drunks after hours or tourists. STEVE'S is all I could think about when I came home from Punta Cana. Hands down the best.Awesome Philly cheese steaks and crab seasoned fries .. had the Whiz with onions , outstanding Will be backThe Union Cheese Steak had awesome promise (melted smoked Gouda! Oh! My! God!), but I'm dinging them for really disappointing meat quality. It had too much gristle--especially my husband's. They would have gotten five stars, if not for that. 
(My steak's gristle level was four stars, but he had a ton, hence the three stars. Yours might be fine.)
Service was wonderful--prompt, friendly, attentive. The restaurant and restrooms were clean. 
Get a better meat supplier, guys, and I'll be in heaven.best in the northeast. wit or wit out has fatty steak, jims is alright but Steve's is probably the best in the area.I'm NOT a steak fan, but I LOVE their Texas Tommys !! Soooo good, I get it with American cheese and onions. The guys do seem a little annoyed when I order it, maybe because it takes longer ? But he guys are always friendly and niceGreat Cheesesteak from the Northeast, I love the Wiz without, and the Texas Tommy!  It's hard not to stop in for Cheesesteak when I drive by.  Fast and Friendly service everytime!   Steve's Sandwich's are always fresh and hot!By far the best cheesesteak in Philly. Don't fall for the tourists traps. Go to Steve's steaks, they are worth it. Unfortunately I couldn't order fries as they shut their fryer down 45 minutes before they close? Seems strange but okay. I will be back for the steaks, never let down about them.So, they don't serve chicken cheesesteaks after 11 apparently... but the guy at the window tonight prolly didn't need to be so rude about it. I'll go elsewhere from now one.They have great French Fries and Cheese Fries, but that's it. They make their cheesesteaks like minute steaks. It's tough to chew like leather.The Cheesesteak Perfected
I consider myself a "steak sandwich snob". I've eaten at every steak shop you can think of in the City of Philadelphia. I refuse to eat anyplace outside a 30 mile radius of Billy Penn and if the menu says "Philly" or "Philly-style" cheesesteak, I'd rather eat my shoe. 
I am a LOYAL subject of the Prince, be it the original location or the Comly Rd one which is closer to me.
I always order a "pizza, prov, without". At Steve's, the sandwich melts in your mouth. Very little chewing needed. It's not chopped up Steak'ums style horse meat here. F@$% Pat's and their ilk. This is the real deal. Top grade meat and worth the price. I honestly believe it is the cheesesteak perfected. 
Whenever friends and family come in from out of town with a hankering for a steak sandwich, I take them immediately to Steve's. A few I've taken to get steaks elsewhere after Steve's. They weren't happy. I got them hooked!A fresh sandwich with quality ingredients. Limited seating in the quaint and super casual little spot.  Great topping selections.  _Not_ cheesesteak Nirvana. Too steaky (need to chop and add a little moisture/sauce/something).Really enjoyed this place. The food was very flavorful! Easy parking and easy the get to. The cheese was just perfect with the grilled onions. I felt like it was a perfect blend for a simple cheesesteak.One of the best cheese steaks I have had in Philly and NYC. The fix-in bar is free and plentiful. Great place to check out if you are around the area.Cheese steak: I got the cheese steak with provolone. Also added the hot roasted peppers. Definitely juicy. Definitely cheesy. And definitely hearty. I do wish I had the chance to try it with cheese whiz too, but I'll have to save that for another time. There are also a bunch of other sandwiches I wanted to try as well.Best local cheesesteaks in the Northeast hands down great service quick fresh food you can't beat this man friendly to all customers neighborhood spot all around Iris place after work and on the weekends great for National cheeseteak dayTried this place at the urging of some locals. It sits adjacent to the boulevard and traffic can be a bother to get in and out. 
One inside you will notice that it is pretty small inside and there are 2 walk up order windows - 1 is for sandwiches and the other for fries and drinks. 
I had the Philly steak with cheese and onions. Great tasting sandwich, but I was surprised as to how little meat there was in it - guess that's why you have the option for double meat. The sand which is 12.00 then if you want fries (plain) it's another 4.00 then add a drink. There is a sign prominently placed stating that they cannot provide refills because of the Mayors new "sugar" tax...what a joke. Not the businesses fault, but a joke nonetheless. 
I really enjoyed the sand which and would come back again.When you say cheesesteak this is the 1st place that pops in my head! I've been going to Steve's for longer then I can remember used to live by the original location now I'm not far away from the Comily Rd location. 1st things 1st every once in a while you will get a new worker who will screw something up so if at all possible stick with the guys that been there forever. The prices have really gone up the last couple of years, C'mon Steve leave those prices alone I don't want a credit check for an American without! Now for the good part there is no other steak place like it (some come close but never as good as Steve's). Sliced steak is what makes it great not like that chopped up crap you get at other places! Once you eat here you'll realize that this is the epitome of Philly Cheesesteaks!Awesome steaks! I wouldn't consider them a traditional steak compared to the standard chopped steak I'm used to, but the taste is phenomenal. Make a point to try one.I've tried Pat's. Gino's. Tony Luke's. All the places you see on TV. They're not bad. But as far as my Philly peeps are concerned, there's only one place to get a cheese steak. Steve's. And with good reason. This place makes a meeean sandwich. Those popular places definitely do things well, but Steve's manages to get all the elements right. 
Even cheese whiz, something I find usually overwhelms the flavor of the meat, Steve's somehow makes it work. Most of the time I get mine with either American or Provolone and fried onions and then load it up with those smoked hot peppers! They'll wreck your stomach but man, I love those things. 
The best way to eat it though? Take it home (it can handle the drive back to NY) and douse it with sriracha. Cheese and sriracha together is a magical thing. Mmmm. Mouth watering just thinking about it.One of the worst steak sandwiches I ever had, don't know what the hype is all about!!!!pats? genos? 
nope.
steve's is the best philly cheesteak. bar none.
get there before the lunch rush and the service is quick and your out the door, or if there's room sidle up to the counter and munch away.
it's close to the airport we fly into and i usually make it a point to carry a sack-full home for my closest fans.
I think the meat is better than the dueling cheese steaks choices offered down in the wholesale district. i think the publicity of their duel made them famous, not the food.
go steve!Great steak but the price for double meat and fries is too much. The neighborhood at night is not for everyone.As I came to Philadelphia I went and did the first thing you do when you visit for the first time.... "Try a Cheesesteak". I tried a lot different ones as I was here for five nights and I had to walk off the beaten path to find this place. It was not in downtown Philadelphia, it was in Trevose, PA!! You walk in and there is two walk up windows... One for the Cheesesteak and the other one is for your Fries and Drinks! I stepped up looked at the menu and noticed, you have to order this Cheesesteak a certain way.... "Let me a a WHIZ Steak With!" It's like I was from Philadelphia this whole time.. LOL!! I have to tell you it was amazing!! The steak was fresh and tender. The grilled onions were grilled perfectly and you add the melting cheese.... "Cheesesteak Heaven".  Don't let the mom and pop feel of the place run you off, Come on and try it!!!Good god, now THIS is some great steak!
Now that I got my Wit or Witout review out of the way, let's focus on the joint that that place aspires to be and screws up in each and every way.  
I had driven past Steve's every day, but really didn't know a lot about it. So I did what we all do; I got online and did a search for reviews of the place. Lo and behold, it gets ace marks across the board, not only here on Yelp, but everywhere else someone can write a food review and share it with the planet.
I was wary only because I had had the nasty trash meat of Wit or Witout and saw that Steve's didn't chop up the steaks for their sandwiches as well. But, then again, I figured if anyone knew who had great steam samitches in Philly that it would be fellow citizens, because as we all know, you can grab a cheesesteak from basically any spot you'd care to. It just depends on what level of quality you're seeking.
So I finally decided to go to Steve's and throw down. I ordered one American wit, and one American witout as my partner in food exploration isn't a fan of onions. The dudes working there were super nice and got my samitches ready in no time. I hopped in the car, and dammit, people, the aroma filled my Camry and I almost cried.
Got 'em home and we dug in. Holy mother of god, this was indeed possibly the best steak samitch I've had since moving to Philly however many years ago it's been. Now, when it comes to the classic chopped style of steak samitch, I swear by Ishkabibble's. But this...THIS may even usurp that, which is mind shattering to me.
I went back two more times after the initial journey. Same samitch second time as well as third, but with the fries and regaled cherry soda added. 
And the fries...the FRIES! What is this magic oil these dudes are frying the fries in? They have a taste unlike any other I've had.  They were tasty without ketchup, and just as good with. I'd rank those fries up there pretty damn high, as well, and I've had my share of great fries on this planet. 
As the kids say, the cherry soda was dope. I'll definitely have it again.
So yeah, this location is great. Nice people working there, as well as being fast and efficient. Samitches have been great when I've gone and the joint was crowded, as well as when I was the fist one there for the day. 
Oh! And I also dig the condiment bar. Love those cherry peppers and the insanely hot dried peppers. But I really dig putting that weird hot sauce on my samitches! What is that stuff? It has no taste; it's just hot! It's perfect!
I haven't tried any of the other fare at Steve's, but if it's as good as the steak samitches, I'm sure it's insanely tasty. This location on Comly is closest to me, so I haven't checked out the original store, or the Langhorne location, but I can safely say if you're in the NE side of town, don't bother with any place else for steak samitches. Steve's Prince of Steaks is the best, no contest.Really no need to review . Been eating Steve's on st Vincent since the 70s save your gas driving to south Philly ! Like most people that grew up in any of the old NE who have made the pilgrimage north , We have a bit of the old neighborhood on RT 1I love Steve's steaks so much more than Pat's and Geno's! They don't get the recognition they deserve when it comes to Philly cheesesteaks and tourists! I'm a Steve's fan all the way!Horrible service......kids that work there don't have a clue on customer service. They talk negative about customers in front of them. Won't go back thereI tried Steve's for the first time and I just thought they were A-OK, I wouldn't say that they were horrible, but I would definitely give them a go again. I didn't like the fact that they stop serving fries at a certain time, nor did I like the fact that when I asked for an order of fries, the cook told me, "no the fryers were off." Now as a consumer that really effects the way I see a place where I expect to have a service that is offered; especially when the person ahead of me got fries. The steak was good, I would probably wait a little longer before i eat cause i did burn myself! The steak isn't chopped up and I know a lot of people have their preferences between chopped and slabs of meat, including myself. The shop was overall clean besides some of the condiments on the floor. So, my experience wasn't the one I was truly looking for, but I'm willing to give it a go again!I have a lot of friends who don't live and Philly and who come visit me from time to time.  When they come to Philly and want a genuine cheesesteak I don't take them to Geno's and I don't take them to Pat's.  I take them to local joints like Steves.
Althought not my all time favorite steak place.  Steve's delivers on the important stuff. Your choice of cheeses (I hate wiz but it is an option for those who like it) and toppings.  Plus cold beverages and delicious fries etc.  They do have an exceptionally awesome chicken cheesesteak!Nothing like getting off a 5 hour flight and rushing to get there before they close only to see they decide arbitrarily to close before 11:30. Update your hours or maybe just do your jobs.Me and my work partner were looking a good cheese steak so we picked up 2 cheesesteaks wit and were very disappointed. The cheese was about the same consistency  as the grease laying in the fold of the Steak when I opened the roll.While the meat was tender it lacked flavor along with the sparse amount of fried onions that made me question whether I ordered any at all.In a sentence, don't waste your time.
We were advised of Steve's by the bellman at our hotel and were happy to walk just a few blocks to get there. That happiness was short lived. 
The attitude of the gal taking our order was neither inviting or even cordiale. Bordering on rude. It summed up pretty much the entire vibe.
The ordering "process" was a mess as well. You order sandwiches at one window, pay get your receipt and go to the next line to order drinks and fries etc... Then you have to wait for them to call you twice. Not user friendly at all.
The food was way overpriced and just blah. Compared to Sonny's where I ate the day before. Steak was like Steakums! Ugh! 
So, talk a nice walk or drive to Sonny's....or any other place than this. You'll get better service, MUCH better food and save almost half of your money.This place is great! Down to the fact that they're open late and centrally located and they have something for everyone. Chicken Philly and original and fries!
If you don't know how to order they''ll help you too!
This was one of the highlights of the trip!!!Avoid this place
  unless you have $100 to tip them!! This was my  first time in Philadelphia and really wanted to try the infamous Philly steak sandwich that I have heard about all these years. After asking the locals and yelping several places. I decided on this place. It was memorial day so I expected it   to be busy and it was.  There was a line out the door.  I was waiting patiently with my family and the line was moving rather slowly. I noticed this young guy walk in with his freind and first thing out of his mouth is " is this the line your kidding me" he then procedes to go the front of the line   and starts to talk one of the employees. He then asks his friend if he has $100 which I thought was odd. Then I noticed the guy was in standing in front of the chefs window motioning with hand signals what he wanted or did not want on his sandwiches. I thought that was odd, only to find out later. He had bribed the kitchen with his $100  to make his order first in front of all the other waiting customers. Naturally I was upset. So that's what this country has come to, if you have money you can cut in line to the front of normal hard working people. After waiting an hour I finally got my food. What a disappointment. I'm not sure what was worse,  the food or the customer service. This is a Philly memorial day experience that I will never forget.First time having a cheesesteak in Philly. 
Spicy fries were crisp and tasty. 9/10
I had a cheese steak with fried onions and mozzarella. It was not bad. Bread was fresh. 7/10Say what you will about the Philly cheesesteak debate, but Steve's is my favorite. The rolls are fresh, the meat is thinly sliced (which I prefer), the staff is pleasant and the prices are decent for the area. Best of all, there's little to no wait. They're quick and simple. A must visit for cheesesteak lovers and locals all around.Our first time in Philadelphia we were looking forward to trying a cheesesteak. Someone had recommended Steve's to us. It was a quick walk from the hotel so that was perfect.  The cheesesteak on the other hand was absolutely horrible...no flavor, chewy meat, and hardly any meat in sandwich.  If I could give it no stars I would.  The fries were good but you can't really mess those up.  Such a disappointment.  I never have posted a review before but this was so bad that I felt I had to.  Hope we can find a great cheesesteak while we are here!Expensive for one.
Charges you extra for mushroom!!!! Mushroom and peppers are essentials of the cheese steak..
However, chicken chese steak and the philly cheese steak are both under expectations and actually i had to throw out half of both cause they tasted very bad..The staff was rude. They were absent-minded.  Forgot our fries, and screamed at us in front of customers.  I was embarrassed and nervous to eat my steak, in fear that one of the waitstaff may have sabotaged my meal. I can not come here again. I guess this is my "welcome to Philly" experience.Since I was primarily staying near the Parkway Museums District of Center City, it would've been a bit inconvenient to head down to South Philly just to wait in line for Pat's, Geno's, or Tony Luke's. My colleague consulted Google, and on Alan Richman's list of 10 Best Cheesesteaks in Philadelphia, Steve's was listed at #6, and we stopped in at their location on 16th and Market. Thinner but soft, buttery roll, meat grilled flat, sliced thick and not served chopped up, very tender. I got mine "American with" (house special: white American cheese in liquid form). Came back once before the end of my trip to try the Whiz and Provolone variations. Yum! We also got the spicy fries to share, which were excellent! Not sure if I like how you order steaks at one window and drinks/sides at another, cash only.Great cheesesteaks here ... probably my favorite in philly by bar...very nice friendly service, nice size cheesesteaks...drinks have free refills...cheesesteak and drink will cost you about $10-11 dollars...they take cash or debit cards...definately come here when your in philly!I liked this spot! Cool neon signs, super friendly and fun workers who let me and my boyfriend try the American and whizz cheses before making any commitments, and the pots of help yourself condiments are really fun. I'm used to NYC so I guess the prices didn't seem as steep in comparison as other comments suggest.The cheesesteak had good flavor with whiz and onions but the steak was just a little tough. Loved the pickles and fries were good.Prices are just the same as any other cheesesteak place. There was a good amount of extra toppings/sides for free, and plenty of seating. Pretty clean too.
The cheesesteak (wiz/with) or with cheese wiz and onions was pretty decent, and bread was pretty decent as well. But I wish they packed it and wrapped it a little better where it wouldn't fall apart. 
Overall, pretty good place if I had to eat cheesesteaks based off my location.Better than Pat's or Geno's by a long shot. In addition to having a better product (i.e. Meat that hasn't been overcooked and hacked into a million tiny pieces), there's also a degree of patience (at least at lunch time) that the more famous cheese steak places lack. Oh, and the location is also much more convenient. Hard to argue against a more convenient, better tasting cheesesteak served to you by more courteous servers...I came to Philly. I wanted a cheese-steak. A local told me to go here instead of the "other 2". I got some thinly sliced steak on a hoagie type bun with cheeze-whiz on it. I wasn't happy but I looked online and apparently that's what the famous sandwich is supposed to be. So to be fair: 
I think the bread was great and fresh. The meat was ok but there was very little, so the sandwich was like 90% bread. 
I'm sure a lot of tourists buy this so it probably doesn't matter what I think in this case.The cheesesteaks here are good. They have an American cheese sauce that you can order on your cheesesteak and/or fries and it is amazing. The service is decent and my order is always fast. Can't complain about this place.Good cheesesteaks to snag after a night out on the town.  Mushrooms, peppers and cheese whiz. 
Downside was the are cash only.  
Service was fairly quick and there was a steady flow of people with a line around 2am.Great philly style sandwiches. Everything made right in front of you. Vege alternatives available. Also burgers and fries.Are you drunk and needing a late night to fill your maw with greasy cheesy satisfaction?  Well you have come to the right place!    
You will most likely wake up smelling like onions and cheap meat and gag as you try and wash the same from your body but its ok, that pizza steak wiz wit that you ate half of was just what you needed after 4 martinis and 5 beers.
All kidding aside, the steaks here just arent amazing.  Phillips is more my speed when I am cravingStarting our weekend off in Philly, my husband and I stopped in here for our first cheesesteak. The staff was friendly and must have known we were from out of town. They helped us out in what to try. We both had a "whiz wit" which is their cheesesteak with cheese whiz and onions. They were very good and we were pleased. The meat is thin sliced which was new to us both. I also liked their little toppings bar which featured hot sauce, peppers and these great pickles which were sliced super thin. Great start to our trip. Thanks!My favorite cheesesteaks in Philly. I go here every Friday or Saturday after the bars. Open until 3AM on Friday and Saturday with a line out the door for a reason.At best, it's a take out with harsh fluorescent lights... really, the cheesesteak is really light on the meat, and not cheap. Lots of bread, not much else :( Won't go back.pretty solid cheesesteak. I wouldn't say they taste like a traditional cheesesteak, they have a little bit more of an oregano seasoning on the roll itself. I kind of liked it though. The rolks were also a little bit different than ones you would get at Jim's, Pat's, or Gino's. The line was a heck of a lot shorter then Jim's though, which is my favorite.If you are hungry late night, this place will do the trick. If you are from out of town, don't go here for the Philly Cheesesteak experience. There are many better.  I suggest you pay the extra bucks and ask for double meat or you will be eating more bread than anything, which isn't all that bad, because the roll was perfect. Thin sliced steak instead of chopped threw me off, but it was made right in front of me and very good quality meat. Topped with mushrooms and fried onions and I had no complaints. In and out in less than 10 minutes.Many better options around to meet your cheesesteak cravings and some of those places don't even specialize in just cheesesteaks. Cleaver's, Bubby's Brisket, and any of the food carts do a better cheesesteak and offer better value. It's definitely a Philly atmosphere in the place but that in and of itself wouldn't justify the price and "experience."
- Meat is dry and tough
- Wiz is tasteless and thin
- Meat to roll ratio is unbalancedHands down the best Philly Cheesesteak I ever had the pleasuring of devouring. I visited Philly for the first time and had 3 different ones at the top 3 best known cheesesteak spots. Steve takes the crown. 
*** Recommendations:
Get your wit with the whizGood steaks. Fast service. Typical Philly style steak shop. Check it out! Theres a few locations. I went to both this one and the one in Center City. Was too cold to make the trek to Pats, but this definately sufficed.This pace Totally does not disappoint.  I totally want to come back before leaving. I got the simple prince cheesesteak with whiz (some kind of cheese whiz mix of American cheeses). It's so greasy and delicious and itss must.  Hope to try some of the other cheese steak sandwiches tonightI've been to a lot of cheesesteak places in Philadelphia and I really enjoyed Steve's. The staff here was by far the nicest Philadelphia staff I've ever encountered, especially in the Cheesesteak business. The steak was smothered in cheese, which I love! Everything was tasty. They even had seating available indoors. I really enjoyed my time here.Perhaps Philadelphia's most iconic food is the cheesesteak and Steve's cooks up a good one.  I'm not saying it's the best one in Philly .... but it's very good.  The meat is thicker here and very lean.  They have different peppers you can add to it to give a little bite.  Of course they have onions (....just a few more fried onions on my steak please!)  and four different kind of cheeses (although for two of the cheeses you pay extra.)
Anyway, I'd def have a cheesesteak from here again ... especially as Steve's now has a branch in Center City.One of the better cheesesteaks in Philly, I think. Soft bread, great slices of meat (not super chopped), wit whiz, and plenty of options for condiments. My personal faves that I cannot do without - the red plump peppers, ketchup, and banana peppers. I'm a little sad that this place replaced the Krispy Kreme, but am consoled by the fact that they serve a cheesesteak that Philly wouldn't frown at.This is a rubbish cheesesteak. My standards for cheesesteaks aren't even that high, but this is an embarrassing offering for a place that specializes in cheesesteaks.
Couple thin slices of steak with onions and wiz on a pretty good roll. But it's really, really thin. I added a ton of black pepper and yellow peppers to make it passable, but in general, massive disappointment. 
The picture that someone posted that says "$9 for this?" really says it all. You're honestly better off going to a food cart.I would definitely call myself a cheesesteak Pioneer and Steve's Prince of steaks most definitely has the best sandwichMy personal favorite cheeseteak in Philadelphia. Also the spicy fries kick a good bit of ass. Please go here.Big cheesesteaks that hit the spot but not the best I've had.
Double meat with onions and whiz is the way to go.
Ordering system is kinda weird, 2 different windows...one for sandwiches and one for fries and drinks. 
Do NOT order spicy fries...you will regret it.
There is nothing special about them, it's just regular fries with powdered spices that are just too overwhelming.
Nothing else to report.Highly disappointed!!! My driver was taking us back to hotel after making our draft picks.. I suggested another spot but he recommend this place.. Got back to my room, after two bites and trying to make it work.. god awful...If I could give zero stars I would. This is the second time we have tried to come here and it's been closed. Very inconvenient during our trips to Philly.DO NOT GO HERE AFTER 12am. I was here, paid with a credit card and when asked where my food was I was forced to leave. This establishment is awful, I spoke to Kyle and he did nothing to handle the situation. Will not be returning. Pats, Genos, Jims all great establishments with better customer service. Steve's used to top my list but not anymore due to their lack of interest in their customer's experience.First time in Philly & had to have a cheesesteak. Local recommended this place, so we gave it a shot. For being there at 3pm on a Sunday & only two people in line in front of us, it was a long wait...about 15 minutes before they took our order. But that was mostly due to people interrupting the line to ask where their order was & that something was wrong with their order. However, it only took 5 minutes or so to get our food & it was good. Not the mouthwatering, crave, dream about, "Philly" cheesesteak I had imagined, but at least hot, gooey & good.Good cheesesteaks to snag after a night out on the town.  Mushrooms, peppers and cheese whiz. 
Downside was they are cash only.  
Service was fairly quick and there was a steady flow of people with a line around 2am.Oh, do you have an opinion on cheesesteak establishments in Philadelpha?
GFY...
Steve's (on 16th) was literally on the way back to the hotel from a Shitty old man bar, so that's where we stopped.
Being half-in-the-bag makes you hangry and a steak 'wit' , topped with mushrooms, hot peppers, and cayenne pepper sauce
Really
Hits 
The
Spot.
Interestingly, they don't serve any cheese other than American and Wiz after 11PM. Apparently drunk ordering gets too confusing for the orderer, as well as the orderee.This place here is BY FAR A BEST KEPT SECRET !!!!  The steak sandwiches are made from real streak and sooo sooo tasty!!!!  I recommend this place as a MUST GO TO!!!!!I'm one of those people sucked in by articles about THE BEST CAESAR SALAD IN AMERICA. There are local cheesesteak experts who can provide deeper insight, but I speak as a tourist who likes Center City, doesn't have a car and tries to fit in too many food outing. Steve's isn't on the all-time-best lists but it merits an upgrade for its convenience and consistency. The meat here is an ensemble player more than a superstar, especially if you get the regular-size sandwich, but repeat visits have given me more appreciation for the way the cheese, bread, meat drippings and free peppers collaborate for an enticing taste and texture.Love their steaks. Saw Jesse McCartney here a few weeks ago, too. Didn't care about that much, but the steaks are goodLoved it recommended.  Best thing on sliced bread.  Cheese steak great.  Cheese fries good too.  Fast and affordable.  Git  u some.Prince of Steaks? I don't get it. There are places in Phily that serve a decent cheese steak, Steve ' s Prince of Steaks is  not one of them. 4 or 5 thin slices of greasy, tough, and tasteless beef, slimey ( and not in a good way) cheap american cheese and nasty but sparse onions. The roll was the best part but the sandwich was all bread. 
I wish Uncle Sam's subs was here from Pittsburgh to show yinz how it's done. No disrespect to the employees, they were sassy but swell but you can't serve good food if the cheap owners purchase low grade ingredients. 
And I thought Pats and Ginos were crap. Now i know they are as crap as this place. Go to Tony Luke's or John's instead.I was hungry going in & the wiz wit' mushrooms hit the spot.  First time in Philly and trying the different Cheesesteak spots around town.  There's places that have better quality steaks, but you'll be paying more $ than at the more reasonably priced Steve's.  I found Steve's & Geno's about equal in taste & value. Steve's & Geno's I'd call the McDonald's of steaks in the City.  That's not a knock, just means they're satisfactory & adequate, if not amazing.I don't really understand the hype here. I came with my friend and we got cheesesteaks, but I was not impressed at all. Firstly, there wasn't much steak in the cheesesteak, and I want my meat for the $9 I'm paying for this -- definitely overpriced. Secondly, the bread wasn't even that great...it was just pretty normal bread that you could find anywhere. Maybe I was just too excited about this place, but eating here made me sad because of the money I felt that I wasted here.The place is supposed to be a good cheesesteak spot. They were out of all chicken, mozzarella , and provolone. What kind of prince is Steve if he don't have cheese to put on cheese steaks? While in line two people got in a fight, a drunk chick tried to cut everyone multiple times, and there was a good fight. This place is like a worse version of five guys but with cheese steaks.I don't know about this being the best in the city.  It's clearly not.  $10 for a piece of bread and 2 super thin slices of steak (if I held it up I think I could see my friend sitting across from me).  My friend ordered the pizza roll and it came out still frozen in the middle.  And the fries tasted store bought. 
I've been to their Bustleton location, so they know better.
Pat's and Geno's are the Pantheon compared to this overpriced, prefrozen mess. Stick with Steam-umms instead.Meh. The reason this place does okay is it location. You will notice that it's quite accessible to hotel-goers & corporate out of towners visiting philadelphia in search of our legendary cheesesteak. The thing these folks don't realize is that you can get a good cheese steak virtually anywhere in the city. And I would guess that 80 percent of them are better than what you find here. The main problem with the steaks, as most people have pointed out, is the way the meat is prepared. They're made here as little pre-cooked meat blobs that are waiting for people to order so that they can be quickly assembled for said, drunken out-of-towner to devour and then promptly up chuck all over the (hopefully 100%) female escort he found on Craigslist waiting back in his room. 
The problem with this is that the steak is not made to order so the meat toughens up and loses flavor as it sits in that little puddle.  It makes it easier to be ready quicker however, as others rightly point out, the meat should be chopped up in smaller pieces prior to assembling. 
So sally forth, courageous travelers, on your vomitous escapades; eat cheesesteaks & multiply. But whatever you do, never order one 'wit'; we locals know what that really means.I was on a mission to try as many cheesesteak joints as I could in Philly. A friend recommend Steves....great disappointment. Reminds me a lot of Genos without the popularity. The steak was thick and chewy, lack of whiz and the bread was nothing special. It tasted okay...but we are in a city full of amazing cheesesteaks so don't waste your time. The only plus is that there was no line... obviously the locals don't bother with this chain.where's the beef!!  First time in Philadelphia, we asked someone on street for the best cheese steak. We watched as our sandwiches were assembled and said to the guy 'is that all the steak you put on?" He just looked at us.  Very few onions were added.
Went to sit down and all tables were dirty, i asked a guy if we coukd get it cleaned. Handed me a dirty wet rag, 
No, we won't be backOne of my favorite local cheesesteak places - the place I go when I'm on the way home from work and having a craving. The onions are perfectly cut and caramelized. The steak is okay, but the whiz keeps everything moist and provides most of the flavor. The bread is very soft. Not my #1, but fairly close and definitely the best in center city.Arrived at this establishment for lunch to go. It is a brightly lit interior. You wait to place an order at a window and give them what your preferences are. 
I ordered a Cheese Steak with onions and american cheese. 
Went to the second window and got a drink.
I walked back to the office and opened this lovely Cheese Steak. 
I noticed nice thick meat. Not some thin stuff. It was good meat, tasty and limited fat. The onions and cheese were what I asked for. The roll was not your Philly standard roll, but just as delicious. 
The only odd thing is not knowing what you are supposed to do once you place your order. They do not ask your name and you wait. 
It is fairly priced for the area. You can sit down to eat at the establishment after placing your order.Like many other people we tried this place on our trip to Philadelphia after seeing it on a top 10 list. I was a little disappointed honestly. It was really quite plain and boring.
I understand good food can be simple but this just tasted like meat was thrown on a griddle without any seasoning with a just-ok provolone melted on top. It wasn't awful, it just wasn't anything to write home about. The way everyone raves about Philly Cheesesteaks, you'd expect to be biting into something warm, gooey and delicious, and way more special.
The location was pretty decent since its easy to get to from the touristy parts of the city center and it was generally clean inside without too much of a line. Counter service was kinda short and unfriendly as though there were fives times as many people behind me waiting as there really were and I really had my order down to a local approved art.My new favorite cheesesteak place in Philly... steak is lightly seasoned to perfection! Will definitely be looking forward to coming back after a night out at Concourse again!Not impressed. Got delivery to hotel which is a block away and it's already cold. Steak is very chewy. Ordered spicy fries...not spicy at all. I'm positive they are the plain ones. If you're looking for that famous Philly cheesesteak...go somewhere else.Great sandwich. Great service. Only thing i could say is the sandwich could use a little more meat. For $10 a sandwich that thing should be loaded. Overall a great place to go and enjoy a slim cheese steak.. Thanks.I have no idea what the official meat ratio is supposed to be. On my first visit I enjoyed the sandwich but I didn't have a strong sense of the actual steak part, as it seemed overshadowed by the cheese. 
The second time I got a double. This was an impressive sandwich (with Whiz, onions and mushrooms) that I ate with startling speed. The meat and cheese were in harmony. If the steak is the most crucial part of your sandwich this probably won't be your Philadelphia all-time best but it's worth a shot. 
Favorable points include the free pepper section and the late hours.Really delicious. This hidden gem is far from the touristy spots which is a good thing! Delicious steaks with a variety of cheese options.I came as a tourist looking for an authentic cheesesteak before leaving town after a great visit. I ordered one with whiz and onions and split it with my girlfriend. Both of us like the taste, especially the quality of the bread. The meat was sliced razor thin, not chopped up like others, but also unlike the others, it was hardly spilling out of the bread. I could stand for a little more beef to be sure. 
The setup is strange with two separate windows, one for sandwiches and another for drinks and fries. Cash only but they have an ATM just inside the front door. The dining area is nothing special. One unwelcome part of the atmosphere is the constant talking among the kitchen staff, louder than I cared to hear. I will probably return after I try a few other cheesesteak places -- assuming I do not find a new favorite cheesesteak.Came here with some buddies for the cheese steak. The lady at the sandwich counter was a bit rude, wanted the ordering process to hurry along but we were the only ones there at the moment.  Anyway, got my cheese steak with whiz and onions.  I like the fact that they were making it to order. Got my sandwich sat and then got up to get peppers napping etc. I notice my pants were dirty with sauce from part of the chair. They really need to clean their dining area.  Back to the food, I actually enjoyed the sandwich. Tasted even better once I added sweet peppers.  I would return, but not running back there.Cheesesteak at is best. I have been there many times and everytime I had a great sandwich. It has always been very consistent with the quality and freshness. Never any complains. keep up with the good work.Had my first authentic Philly Cheesesteak experience here and I have mixed feelings. The overall establishment is fine, line moves fast, food is ready quickly, huge assortment of toppings but......
When it came time to order I opted for a "normal Philly Cheesesteak" where I was then asked a question that would change the course of my entire life. "Whiz or American?". I didn't really know that one was better than the other or that WHIZ is basically cheese from a can.
I decided to get WHIZ (no onions). When I brought it back to office everyone made fun of me. That's when I knew you probably shouldn't get whiz. Also, do you like that nacho cheese that comes in a can? Yeah me either. Nonetheless I finished my Cheesesteak with a slight tinge of regret. 
I'm sure this place is 5 star if you do it right. Anxiously awaiting my next visit to Philly for Round 2: American CheeseThe steak sandwich I had here was not very good.  The thing is, this is Philadelphia.  The steak sandwich should be amazing.  If I can get a better sandwich at the Steak Escape, the chain restaurant, then its just not up to par.Yup! This is where you need to go if you're looking for a delicious Philly cheesesteak. 
Perfect if you're looking for a late night fix!I love this place. The cheesesteaks are nice and cheesy and service is pretty quick. There's seating inside, they're open late, slightly friendlier than their competitors, and they have average prices. Their Center City location is perfect for late night drunchies. they only take cash, but they have an ATM inside.After reading some of the reviews above, I'm in shock because this is hands down the best sandwich in the city now with the 16th and Chestnut location.  By the way, any restaurant that JUST OPENS UP is going to have a few kinks to work out the first few weeks if not days so lighten up.  Looking forward to the new location succeeding for a long time to come.My first time here as a born and raised Philadelphian but it was supringsly tasty. I do have critiques although appetizing it wasnt the best steak in this city. The meat was juicy and I was happy to see that it was not frozen before placing on the grill. You can also watch the cooks assemble your sandwich from the window.
okay here are my critiques...
more meat on the regular sandwich instead of of an almost $15 sandwich for double meat. any establishment that uses cheese whiz on a sandwich is a no-go for me...Need to cover up the condiments or put them on fresh on the sandwich while assembling, that was a sanitary issue i noticed. I probably spent like 10 minutes getting everything I needed to make my sandwich complete. i ordered a large fries and it was more like an extra small even after the cashier told me it was enough for 2 people. when i arrived to my destination (which was a beer spot) when i went to eat my fries werent even salted. steak was edible but the organization of this establishment needs some work. i felt like i needed to be on payroll after all i did before i left there...okay rant down...hope this helps. probably wont go back but i tried something new... (back to paganos)I would agree that they could put a little more meat in the sandwich. But besides that it is still my favorite cheesesteak in Philly. Love that it's not chopped up like most of the rest. Have tried most, and this is the best.Prince of Steaks?  Hardly. 
Store is closed-in and inside you feel as if you've walked into a steam room.  You walk out stinking like friend onions and meat.
The meat to roll ratio is way off if you don't order the double meat option.  The cheese is pre-melted and ladled on after the meat is added to the roll, ensuring a gooey-greasy mess.  Most other places put a slice of unmelted cheese on the roll first (provolone or american) or brushes on a thin coat of Wiz, keeping the meet from getting the roll soggy.  Plus the warm meat will actually soften and start to melt the cheese, but not enough to make it runny.  Why Steve's does it their way with the cheese on last, I can only assume is to try and stand out, but that's not a good thing.
The meat is seared, almost a fried texture, it's a leaner cut than most of their competitors, but this kinda left the flavor a little dry and salty.  Great if you think other places are too fatty.  Not so great if you like flavor.
The bread was ok.  Hard to judge as it was soggy from the meat and gooey from too much cheese running off it, but the bread isn't the weak link here.
The French Fries were actually great.  Hot and crisp on the outside, you just needed a little salt and ketchup...unfortunately at 2:30am they were out of ketchup but the staff were quick to get us some disposable packets fast enough that the fries were still burning the roof of our mouths.  
Despite the Rittenhouse area location, make no mistakes about it, this is a dive type place.  The crowd late at night is rough and drunk and fairly hostile, not at all tourist friendly like their South Philly competition.  The interior is also a complete mess, kind of what you'd expect a stadium to look like an hour after everyone left...trash and empty wrappers with half eaten food and tipped over cups strewn all over.  There is grease and cheese all over the tables and stools making it hard to even sit down.  I highly recommend passing here and going onto the next place!While not the original location, still holds up the quality testament of what a Philly cheesesteak should be.  Ignore the other ones that are tourist traps, this is the real deal.Simply bomb. First time in Philly and first Philly cheesesteak and it is amazing. Staff was helpful with recommendations and it turned out soooooo good.Light on the meat and the cheese/gravy hybrid tasted extremely processed. For $9 this was quite a disappointment. Perhaps we went to the wrong location, but this is NOT the best cheese steak in Philly. In fact, it's the worst I've had so far. John's Roast Pork is slightly cheaper, has far more meat, higher quality meat, (Steve's is Steak'em), and the dining atmosphere is even better. Skip Steve's. He ain't no prince.**This place is cash only at night** which was definitely inconvenient for me because I prefer paying with card. While they had an ATM, I didn't want to pay the fees. This resulted in my boyfriend and I buying less food than we intended on since we didn't have much cash on hand. The cheesesteak came quickly but wasn't cut in half which was a little odd. I liked the self serve area for hot peppers and pickles. The cheesesteak was satisfying enough for drunk food.Let's be real, you're going here because you don't want to go many blocks south to where everyone is telling you to go to get a cheese steak- and who can blame you? The expensive parking in center city is better than the no parking in the south. If you're working or playing in center city, it's there, it's a Philly cheese steak, so go in whydontcha? 
A lot goes into what cheese steak you prefer. For me, I like a cheese-heavy ratio. I'd probably pay 5 bucks for a roll with some melted cheese whiz on it. Some people equate stuffing the thing with meat to it being good, and they might be right in their own little world, but I don't like mouthfuls of meat with almost no cheese in it, which tends to be what Jim gives you. Steve's hits the spot, the roll is good, there's not a ton of meat but they don't skimp on the cheese. You might need a change of clothes after how messy with cheese these things tend to be, which is just fine with me personally, but it does depend on your preference. 
Tony Luke's and a few other places still gets the ratio down better, but if I'm hanging out in center city on business, I stop in and pull up a steel chair to an all-steel table and have me a cheesy meat sandwich and not a cheese steak snob nor a trained doctor can stop me. 
Also, you don't get a lot of "house sodas" around, but this place has its own very good cherry soda. A note to other places: having a soda that isn't just some bland coke or pepsi product adds value, so do it whydontcha?His royal highness of steaks offers probably the worst Philly cheesesteak I've ever had, and certainly the worst I've had in Philly. The sandwich consisted of about three wafer thin slices of some kind of meat, barely detectable visually, and absolutely imperceptible to the taste buds, so basically you taste bread, and some cheese. It was a complete waste of calories. The four dollar side of French fries were your basic from the freezer processed sticks of what they called potatoes, without a hint of flavor, truly a new height in blandness, so extreme, no amount of salt and ketchup could salvage them. I ordered bottled water. It was warm. Now I ask you, how do you get water wrong? If there's a way to do it wrong, this place has discovered it, as the meal proved.Welcome to Philadelphia!  This was the first stop on our 3 day stay in Philadelphia...I'm really glad we stopped!  It was freaking great!  I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz and onions and my buddy got one with provolone and hot peppers.  We shared some fries and got some sodas.  Good times!
The bread they use is awesome.  Its like a long torpedo roll (non Amoroso)  and its a perfect vehicle to help stuff that steak, cheese and onions into your belly.  They also use slices of steak here instead of chopped up steak.  Every single bite had bread, pieces of steak, fried onions and hot molten cheese.  It was a winner!  A tad salty though and thats the only semi bad thing about it. (I got the dried out puffy lips type salt effects...ha!).  The steak was awesome though!  Fries were good and they serve Coke products which always gets bonus points in my book!  
This was a great first steak in Philadelphia!  I cant wait to eat many more!  Hopefully they will be as close to as great as this one was!Hands down the best cheesesteak that I've ever had! Unlike most Philly cheesesteak restaurants that serve chopped steak in their sandwiches, Steve's serves sliced beef and it made all the difference! The staff was pleasant and I will definitely return!I absolutely love there steaks wit wiz.The only problem is that they can be cheap with the cheese I always have the problem of paying for extra cheese and when I get home my steak is dryer then a dessert same with the onion I ask for onions and they tend to forget them to and to me it's a big deal when I come from work at 2:30am  to get home with my order wrongYummy cheesesteaks. I gave 4 stars because it's not out of this world but a good standard cheesesteak. That's why they are so popular because you get a classic cheesesteak.This is my favorite place for a cheesesteak in the city!  What makes it stand out?   
Most importantly, the steak is thinly sliced (quality meat), not that chopped up unidentifiable stuff served at places like Pat's and Geno's.  The steak alone makes this place special.  Yes, it's still a dive like other cheesesteak places, but it makes one hell of a good cheesesteak!!!!
Of course, they have the usual options for cheese (wiz, American, provolone), and with (wit) or without onions.  I get mine with provolone (just not a wiz kinda girl), wit onions, and then add extras like mushrooms, and hot peppers.  I like the ability to add hot peppers and mushrooms to the steak while it's cooking, but they also have a good "condiments bar," which allows you to add extra hot peppers, sweet peppers, thinly sliced pickles, ketchup, and relishes to your sandwich on your own (if you want). That's is a nice touch. I like the thin sliced pickles on the side, and sometimes add extra peppers. Finally, they have good fries, cheesy smothered fries, and onion rings. 
Hands down: The best Cheese Steak in Northeast Philly!Growing up in Philadelphia, the cheesesteak capital of the world,  I always found it strange that I didn't love the cheesesteak as much as the next diehard Philadelphian. I mean it's just bread, meat, and cheese whiz and in my case some fried onions too. 
The food was fresh and prepared quickly and the best part was that you didn't feel like you are being herded like cattle lining up at the slaughterhouse when you ordered *cough* pats & genos *cough* 
The sandwich was good and the meat slices were a nice change from the usual chopped meats cheesesteaks. But for 7.95 plus tax, the sandwich was a little smaller than I expected. I took one look at my cheesesteak and knew I had to order some fries at the window on the other end of the store.
I decided to order the "spicy" fries since I didn't try that before. The spicy fries weren't as good as I hoped. The fries were seriously salty, and the mix they poured over the fries tasted like instant ramen mix combined with a crapload of Morton's salt. 
four star for the steak, two star for the fries so 3 stars.Hands down the best cheesesteak in the entire city. Not much else to say it's simple it's amazingBest cheese steak hands down in all of Philly period. No equal in fresh soft tasty roll, original cheese whiz and a hearty portion of steak meat make this the lead favorite for so many loyal fans of this great fast fix for lunch or dinner. The staff moves at a break neck pace to serve customers quickly and efficiently.Hands down the best steak in Philadelphia. No frills here just prompt service and great cheesesteaks. I will be a loyal subject for life.Let the tourists go to Pat's and Geno's, both of whom have had their run and have ceased to serve anything good for probably longer than I've been alive. 
Steve's is where it's at. For starters, they don't use that scrambled meat that the majority of cheesesteak places uses, rather they have thin strips of well marbled beef. Sometimes, you can see them bring it out of the fridge and slice it up prior to throwing on the grill. Secondly, Steve's doesn't just slap cheese slices or drizzle the Whiz out of the can onto your steak, they keep melted American cheese and the Whiz in metal pots that are kept warm. Trust me, this makes the cheese taste better. 
Right in front of the grizzle they got acceptable condiments to put on cheesesteaks. I prefer the dry roasted chili peppers myself. If you ask for lettuce, tomatoes, mayonnaise, etc. you are basically spitting on Ben Franklin's grave, so don't do it. 
Steaks are pretty pricey, and they've risen in price since I've been going there, but unless they are $100 a pop, they are still worth every penny. 
As a bonus, if you order a flavored soda, such as Cherry Coke for example, they won't give you a Cherry Coca-Cola but a Coke flavored with real cherry syrup just like they used to do waaay back in the day. 
No matter how busy this place gets, and believe me, it gets busy, service is always fast. They have ninjas on crack in front of that grill making steaks fast. 
The only downside is it is located in the NE where there generally is nothing. 
Come up and try it and you'll see. You'll probably drive all the way across town to get one of these. If you disagree, then you're a silly goose! OK, if you want something "official", Steve's has been Zagat rated several years in a row as superior.  
Growing up nearby and having frequented Steve's since I was a punk kid I am quite proud to know that the neighborhood cheesesteak joint has become so popular that people make the drive from VA, and NY to get one. I am proud to read that when people from the left coast have business in Philly, they make it a point to get a steak from Steve's. Thanks Yelp for making the stories available. Now you know how far Steve's kingdom stretches. 
The time has long past for Steve's to rise from prince to the true KING of steaks. We, the loyal subjects of the true king of steaks kneel before your majesty!This is by far my favorite cheesesteak place in all of Philadelphia.
Order a whiz wit and you get a huge, beautiful, drippy, cheesey steak.  The bread is of course always fresh, just the right amount of cheese and there is something a little special about the steak that makes the taste better than the rest.
The service is per typical cheesesteak place in Philly but I always find the guys behind the counter willing to crack a joke and chat it up which is usually refreshing.Been going to Steves off and on for no less then 20 years.. It always impresses me. Pats/Genos are full of fat and gristle. Steves is similar but a better quality of meat. I have to say the best steak I have ever had..The second my plane touched down in Philly, I prepared myself to go on a quest for the best Philly cheesesteak.  Not really knowing where to go, I tried Pat's.  I thought "what a great cheesesteak".  I told my cousin the next day and he insisted to take me to "THEEE BEST" cheesesteak in town, Steve's.  He ordered for me.  He looked more excited than I was.  When he handed me my humongous sandwich I noticed he ordered it with whiz.  Yes, CHEESE WHIZ!  OH YEAH! I unwrapped and devoured that baby in minutes.  Steve's cheesesteak was BOMB DIGGITY!  I can't wait to go back! 
Although the cheesesteaks here in SF aren't as good as Steve's, now I only order cheesesteaks with chesse whiz.  It ain't the same without it.There are really two styles of Philly cheesesteaks, slices of meat , or finely chopped steak.   I prefer finely chopped which is why I think Dalessandros is the best in the city.  Jim's at 4th and south (not Roosvelt Mall !!) is a strong second.  For the sliced meat steaks Steve's is one of the best.  Have to eat it there though because it sucks cold.  
There fries are some of the best in the city too.  Nice and crispBest Steak Sandwich and Cheese fries on the Planet.  no debate.  Wash it down with a fountain cherry soda and your home.  The guys across all the locations are all great.This is a good steak sandwich.......with a good roll, onion and wiz......they taste even better after midnight......Steve has done a great job building his empire in NE Philly........Overall a great experience. The service was fast and the staff made it a point to provide speedy service. I got a cheesesteak with cheese wiz and an order of cheese fries. The steak was great, with enough wiz and beef. The roll also tasted very good. The fries were a bit dry and could use improvement though. I also had the chocolate soda which was good to try, and it was definitely worth it. Great place!!This cheesesteak turned a Philadelphia native back onto cheeseteaks despite being 15 years older with a matching metabolism.
Seriously, I hadn't had a cheeseteak in a solid ten years until I saw my boyfriend buy and attempt to scarf one of these down in front of me. 
Not without giving me a piece! 
Now, I'm hooked.We recently went on a "tour" of the philly steak joints and this one woefully came up short.  Each has it's own style but I'll go Dalessandros or Jims any day.There steaks are greasy as hell but damn are they good!!! They have a pepper bar with pickles peppers ect. There are a couple locations in Phila. and one i know of in langhorne. Good stuff!!Great steaks and quick service. I really miss this place since I moved to Rhode IslandNot a local or a philly cheese steak expert but this was a delicious steak sandwich. And Not greasy. I was the annoying visitor that didnt know the lingo and took too long ordering but oh well! Loved the spicy fries, would go back just for that!I really liked how the staff wasn't rude when I asked questions about items on the menu. The cheesesteak I had was delicious! It had the right amount of cheese and meat. I will be back for sure!I can't believe I'm saying this.... I'm still kind of in denial. I... like.... cheesesteaks. I'm debating giving it 4 stars vs. 5 but, man, I was SO sure I wasn't going to like it, I gotta give them props. I was just trying it to be able to say, yes, I've eaten a philly cheesesteak. I had Pat's/Geno's in the past, I don't remember which, and didn't like it. I asked the locals where to go, and Steve's was one of the places they mentioned. We went after dinner and got one cheesesteak, and I actually said I think we could've finished two.In my opinion, the best cheesesteak in Philly and I've lived there for 20 years.Cheesesteak with wiz mushrooms and WITH. The bread is amazing the beef is high quality and the spicy fries are amazing! My only complaint is that there's not a lot of meat. You could order double meat but I shouldn't have to. Although, I will be coming back.I had the double steak with cheese and the wife and the chicken sandwich. The sandwiches were great but the fries were a huge letdown. Next time we go back, we're definitely going to pass on the fries. 
I'm surprised at how clean they keep their restaurant. Kudos to them.When I lived here around the corner of this place back in the 90s, I remembered coming here all the time for their wonderful cheese steak hoagies.  Back then, I always thought it was a regular neighborhood joint.  But, fast forward to now, it's still going strong with their incredible menu offering as I came back here to visit some friends.
My favorite is their pizza steak.  Very yummy!  My 5 star rating is based on the fact that it is CONSISTENTLY offering quality meats that stood the test of time.  They also offer unlimited pickles and hot peppers to accompany your sandwich.  
I agree with most of the reviewers here:  Much more superior to those of Pat's and Geno's.  These guys are just overhyped in South Philly with their nationwide coverage on the food network.  In a weird way, it keeps Steve's Prince of Steaks honest and real for the next 20 years.Delicious!!!! Awesome take it from us we've tried every single cheesesteak place in Philly and in NYC and Steve's is the BEST! We've been to several of their locations, but they are consistent it was great!  Cheese fries to die for!So, let me start by explaining to you, the reader, the back story:
Every summer road trip, as my very good friend BB and I make the Sunday evening trek home from the Jersey shore, we reach a point in the give-or-take 2 hour trip when we will turn to one another and ask the inevitable question: "Tour de Boulevard - yay or nay?"
The answer, my friends, is always "yay".
Now, let me explain to you the 'Tour de Boulevard".  It means a take-out order of Chickies and Pete's crab fries (Roosevelt Blvd, hence "Boulevard" aren't we so clever?!) , followed by Steve's Steaks, curbside.  Everything else you have heard about legendary cheesesteakes in Philadelphia? Fagettaboutit.  This is the truest essence of the city's finest.
I can't precisely put into words what makes the bottom line difference, but these steaks are insatiable. Simply put..simply the best. Once you go Steve's, you never go back.Great food, great guys, fun environment. On my trip to Philly, in search of a cheesesteak, I felt like the search was over when we came across this spot!! Great Cheesesteaks and other options.
I definitely recommend this place!There steaks are ok pretty much just like genos which is really not that good. Steves is better than genos but the best in town would have to be Tony lukes. Steves has a good system for ordering but that's about it.Always had a good experience coming here . Quick and delicious . However , I'm almost convinced the put less meat on the sandwich if you get it to "go" instead of eating in . If that's the case , not cool . But I can't confirm or deny that .This place is great we had take out and it was still hot and juicy when we got to the house.  I seen the cheese fries too wow.  I got the steak and peppers delicious.There's two types of steaks: chopped meat and sliced meat. Steve's is king of sliced meat, hands down. It's cooked slowly too so the meat is VERY tender (unlike Pats and Genos, who's sliced meat is like rubber.) 
Location is tough, but if you have a car it's not too hard to get to.
Best part, BY FAR, is they have american cheese whiz!!!! Same stuff they put on crab fries at Chickies and Petes. Ingenious. Nobel-prize worthy really. Every cheesesteak stand needs to adopt this, and every cheesesteak fan needs to try this. It's my favorite cheese option on a steak after sharp provy.
A great steak, worth the trip.Best cheese steak in the city hands down! I lived less than a block from the og st Vincent spot from 1993-2004 and think this is the best. Pats and genos are a tourist location nothing more. From the bread meat and cheese everything is done to perfection. Also the staff is very friendly and efficient. I'm glad steves is expanding. I like their center city location as well as comly. I tried a location in yardley or langhorne somewhere up there and that was disappointing. But the first 3 locations do things rightSteve's steaks is definitely my favorite spot after a night out, but you can quickly spend $30 on 1 cheese steak French fries and a soda. Which is expensive for a cheesesteak if you ask me.Philly local suggested  for quick, tasty & filling food!
Ordered plain steak w onion,had mustard, peppers -dry + banana,  pickles.It was done under 3 minutes. Condiment choices are huge.Stil, without a doubt, the BEST steak in the city.  The service is fast and friendly, and the sandwiches are consistently amazing.  The love and care put into the construction of each steak is obvious.
I dream of Steve's.Delicious cheesesteak. It seemed pretty lean (in a good way), true to the sign in the store that says they hand-cut their meat to trim the fat.
This is how delicious their cheesesteak + cheese whiz is: my sis, who was determined not to like Philly cheesesteaks, took one bite & fell in love.  She is a picky eater & doesn't even eat much meat, but Steve's had her hooked. BOOM. Fin.Hands down, this is THE best cheesesteak! I offer this steak to all my visiting friends (so far, Texas, Canada, Korea). They all are craving for more! Some of them even are seeing the steak in their dreams:) From the day I tried this steak all chopped steaks feel second-grade. I'm surprised people who tried it in a newly opened center city location can even start the argument about the chopped steak. All those one and two star reviewers had their wallets offended. Yes, $9 steak is expensive but it doesn't make the steak any worse! If it's too expensive, go and eat that cheap chopped $4 steak from a truck.My number one cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Pat's and Geno's are landmarks, Jim's is pretty weak in my opinion, everyone else makes one, but Steves "POS" does it right. I love they have the melted american cheese for fries, or as some call it 'american wiz'. They use thinly sliced steak and it is not just a piled of chopped steak like you'd see at the other famous spots. I am getting hungry thinking about itNever the judge or a juror , just a foodie  actually a 3 1/2 rating.Now we start talking Cheesesteak. We went to 6 different spots to take the cheesesteak challenge, and this sandwich was along the lines of a taste of Philly, though not as popular as Pat's and Gippo's ,I mean Geno's, it was better than the both , this will help you if you trust our experience. On the BREAD, MEAT, CHEESE and TOPPINGS, OVERALL SANDWICH, scale, they rank well in all of the categories. BREAD: fresh with a good texture, and it absorbed the juices and flavors well, scale 1-5 it was a 4. MEAT: though the meat had a nice  taste, the portion of the meat was somewhat an issue, it was flat slices of meat, that wasn't a good ratio in the sandwich, considering cheese and toppings on the 1-5 scale a 3.75...that brings us to CHEESE and TOPPINGS: the onions had a good grilled taste like a Philly should, instead of a steamed texture and flavor, and the cheese whiz was well portioned in the sandwich and flavored differently because of the harder grilled taste on the 1-5 scale it was a 3.75. The OVERALL SANDWICH: considering the combination of every aspect of the sandwiches juicy goodness, grilled taste, and all around efforts to please by the venue on the 1-5  scale it was a 4. The 3 of us thought wow... the new wave of cheesesteaks are better the the dinosaurs of cheesesteaks, we're not sure how long they've been open but increase the meat and this spot is the iceberg to the titanics called  Pat's and  Geno's, possibly  many others as well.Amazing.. had the whiz with peppers and mushrooms.. Outstanding. Not too greasy, flavorful thinly sliced (not chopped) steak. Excellent bread has a great bite to it which is great because these sandwiches are stuffed.. Plenty of places to sit ...  I always thought Pat's was good. Then I tried Steve's and my cheesesteak world was turned permanently upside down. This is my new go-to when i'm in Philly.Always great. My daughter is Gluten free they always make her a cheesesteak and use our bread Great PlaceOne of the best cheesesteak joints in the city. Quality meat (thinly sliced); great roll. Nice selection of condiments- excellent pickles and whole cherry peppers. Prov wit will set you back $8.77
I go here when I don't feel like making the trek to Chinks, err I mean Joes.AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS cheese steaks. Small place but comfy and fast. Love it.I know the Northeast is not cool, but I'll say it: Steve's Prince of Steaks is the best steak in Philly.  And everyone who knows this place, except for Jon L here, seems to agree.
The meat is not chopped; it is strips of hand cut, lean beef.  As a result, the steaks here are much less greasy than other places (but they still have enough grease to be delicious).  They also bake their own bread here, and it is very good.
They have whiz, of course, but the American here is unique: it is a sauce much like the whiz, but feels less artificial.  The secret to a proper Steve's order is "both cheeses wit."  They will ladle on both the orange wiz and yellow American.  
Eating a Steve's is really a sublime experience.  The first couple of bites are not anything too special.  But as you eat the steak, the two colors of cheese start to mingle with the grease.  It all collects in the crease and back corner of the bread.  Each bite becomes progressively more delicious as the flavors mingle.  By the end, you almost in a trance; your mouth just moves itself.  Cheesesteak nirvana.
I've taken out of towner's here, and they have not been especially impressed.  This is a place for the cheesesteak connoisseur , someone who has already had the crappy, average, and good steaks in town and can really appreciate the delicacy that is the Philly cheesesteak.
Side note: they have two locations-- the Bustleton Ave location here and on Comly right off the Boulevard.In a city ruled by 3 things....pretzels, water ice, and cheesesteaks....philadelphia has an easy two hundred cheesesteak joints in its borders. The more well k own are obviously Gino's, pat's  and Tony Luke's. All three are over priced, over hyped and well....too much of a hassle to deal with. Steve's is a welcome change from those others. They have regular steaks, chicken cheesesteaks, burgers, fries, anything fried, grilled and generally unhealthy to eat on a daily basis is there. And it's amazing. The cheese on the steaks is melted perfectly, so every bite is gooey and yummy. Prices aren't that bad either, considering you always leave full. Hands down the best cheesesteak in philly. You should definitely check them out and put those others away. The sign may say prince of steaks....but they really are kingsI don't eat cheesesteaks from anywhere else but steves.  Cheesesteak with white american cheese, fried onion and mushrooms.. soo good, The cheese oozes out. And its open late.Forget Pat's and Geno's.... Steve's Prince of Steaks is one of the top and quite possibly the best cheesesteaks in the city.  Steve's combines a perfect roll, great tasting steak  and Wiz to make my all time favorite cheesesteak spot.  
Roll:10.0 (Crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside)
Steak: 9.5 (Beef slices are used here; they do not dice the meat up.  They also give you enough to have the perfect steak to roll combination)Best cheese steak possibly anywhere (as I'm sure most reviews of steak places also say .... )  OK, here is what really separates steves from a lot of other places:
1.  The steak is cut trimmed slabs, not that chopped up stuff which is from an inferior cut of meat and just not as tasty
2.  3 words; MELTED AMERICAN CHEESE  every other place I've been to has slices of american rather than melted which is just not right .....
There are a lot of places almost as good but no other place I've ever been (which is probably about 90% of the places anywhere around philly in my lifetime) is as good as the prince. period.While I don't believe in the whole Philly cheesesteak phenomenon, I still know I have to try them. I have been here a few times and still have yet to be blown away. If your looking for a basic cheesesteak they do a great job, they offer the classic philly style. I just feel the meat is bland, onions undercooked and bread a little stale. The first time I went here they actually had to close because they dumped a pot on the floor. If you are in the area this is a good place for food, but don't seek it out as a foodie destinationOn my way back from visiting Washington DC, I knew I would be passing by Philadelphia along the way to NYC.  This was a great opportunity to try Philly's famous cheese steaks at it's own home turf.  Before my trip, I did some research on where I was going to eat.  Originally I was thinking of going to the two most famous ones of them all, the two originators of the cheese steaks, Pat's King of Steaks and Geno's.  After reading some pretty bad reviews about them on Yelp, with a few from some trusted Yelper friends saying it's all just a tourist trap these days, I expanded my search elsewhere.  I really wanted to get it right since I had time for only one meal here while driving back.
Among my finds were articles of this place called  John's Roast Pork   http://www.yelp.com/biz/johns-roast-pork-philadelphia which was getting pretty positive press with multiple awards throughout Philly and great reviews on Yelp.  Sadly, this place was a no go for me because they are only open from Monday to Friday and they close shop by 3PM.  There was no way I could get there during their crazy limited opening hours.  
Thus the search continues.... 
Eventually I ended with a small little chain named Steve's Prince of Steaks.  I happily could confirm that Yelp haven't steered me wrong.  This is a great cheese steak.  The bun is nicely soft and is much better then most of the thicker cheese steak bread used in most places in NYC. The beef steak was thicker cut, meaty and juicy.  I had mine with american cheese and tasted my friend's version with cheese whiz and they were both great.  The whiz is more salty and intensely flavored while the american have a softer, creamier note to the cheese.  We also had ours with grilled mushrooms added for 75 cents more. Grilled onions are free but you would have to tell them to add it on. The whole sandwich works well as a whole.
There is a condiment station by the side of the ordering window where they have free toppings such as whole cherry peppers, hot sauce, pickles, etc.
I also ordered the hot and spicy fries. I prefer a slightly thinner cut but that doesn't diminish the fact that these fries was more then decent. The slight spiciness comes from a seasoning that they sprinkled all over and reminds me of Old Bay.  Nice crispy texture to the outer layer of the fries while retaining a moist center.  
I have now tasted a real cheese steak and it was certainly better then what we have in NYC (although a few are pretty close).  Luckily Philly is a mere 2 hours drive when I want cheese steaks of this caliber.  Yeah.. only two hours.  Not too bad.... sigh.Yummmm.
Visiting family and of course I had to get my cheesesteak fix. I found this place online with a lot of people claiming Steve's is the best cheessteak in Philly. So we ventured up to NE Philly to judge for ourselves. If you are not familiar with this area, it is not touristy at all, just a regular neighborhood. I did not feel unsafe, but you might if you are not used to this atmosphere. There is no lot, you have to park on a side street.
I ordered wiz with onions. The cheesesteak was appropriately sized for 9 bucks. The meat is chopped, not a huge amount but enough. The bread was yummy. I can understand why reviewers say this is the best in Philly, but I did not personally think so. I would definitely be back again if I lived in the area.My go to place for a cheese steak sandwich in Philadelphia, especially in the NE. (If I'm in South Philly, I go to Pat's.)
Can't go wrong at Steve's... (would only think about hitting up Jim's down the street if Steve's had closed already).I went here after my joyous trip to Circuit City(*insert heavy sarcasm*). 
Parking was pretty tight, but I managed to find something about block and a half away. In some ways, the interior reminded me of the exterior of Tony Luke's, albeit cleaner. The ordering setup is a little different. One window is for ordering cheesesteaks only and one is for fries and drink. It's annoying but it works. Oh yeah and they only take cash, but at least they have an ATM on site.
I ordered a cheesesteak with wiz and onions, along with fries and a cherry soda. The soda and fries came out first so I noshed on those while I waited for my steak. The fries were good, albeit a little crunchy. But the cheese softened them up and make for a tasty pre steak treat. The cherry soda was also pretty good, though I wouldn't say its the best I've every had. 
Somehow some guy who was at least an order behind me got his three cheesesteaks to go before either me or the middle aged gentleman who ordered before me. So that was a little irksome. The cheesesteak finally came out and man was it good. The onions were cooked perfectly and the steak was so so so much better than that crap served at Rick's in Reading Terminal. Now I"m not an official member of the cheesesteak cognoscenti, but I liked the steak the way it was, in slices. I suppose I'll have to try Dalessandro's chopped to make a fair comparison though. 
All in all, the best part of a crappy, rainy day. It was worth the drive just for Steve's alone.Best cheesesteaks in philly! A tad pricey but its so delicious its worth the 8.50. So good. I'm not a wiz fan so I usually get American cheese. All the condiments are great. Love the picklesI had a Steve's cheesesteak before and it was delicious.  However, I like my steak chopped up a bit which is no big deal.  So I went there today, ordered and asked the guy to chop the meat and.... that was it.  The steak Nazi said "We NEVER chop our meat".  And that was that.  What do they care - they're still getting business not to mention that it's none of their business.  What ever happened to 'the customer's always right'.  A little overboard with the rules I would say.This place is great , service is good and the food is delicious . My kids ask to stop by today . Great place for a cheese steak .I declare this the best steak Philadelphia has to offer. The Steve's steaks units always seem very clean, organized, and to the damn point. There is a good sense of professionalism here, by way of very good service and clean interior space. I absolutely love these steaks, man. This was the first time I encountered melted american cheese drizzled on my steak, like the traditional cheese wiz, but better. The steak isn't chopped finely, well at all, it is left in its large rectangled form, about 3 or 4 stacked steaks and then the cheese is laid on, any you choose. Bottom line, very tasty and organized place to eat at, I call it the best cheesesteak in Philly.I recently decided that I'm on a mission to try every cheesesteak I come across in Philly, and this weekend I saw this place on the side of the road so I pulled over!
I think this is the holy grail of cheesesteak. You can tell that this place gets a lot of local customers, they had a line of people who all knew exactly what to order.
Steak - Wiz and Onions! This is a really good combination, all hot and melted together. I can see myself eating here alot. Definitely one of the best I've had so far.Steve's Prince of Steaks. . . 
Way better than a pizza-shop-steak, and way better than the touristy Geno's... However, I now judge all cheesesteaks against CHINK's on Torresdale Ave. -and Steve's Steaks just no longer stacks up in my mind...Not as good as they used to be - Rolls are shorter, and seemingly not as fresh... steaks are chewier/fattier... and I think everytime I go I am charged a different price for my standard Both Cheeses Without (Wiz & American) ... the spicy cheese fries are AMAZING.  
A good steak-experience if CHINK's is not open (and since CHINK's closes at 8pm - sometimes its Steve's or nothing - and its still a hell of a dinner/late-night option)This is the best cheesesteak in Philly. No question. Classic favorite: Cheesesteak with Fried Onions and American. The rolls are always so fluffy and fresh, and they usually give a generous amount of cheese. The beef medallions are the key. Perfectly seasonsed and cooked to create the best steak in town.
Feeling adventurous?? My secret order: Whiz, Onions, Roasted Long Hot Peppers, Pizza Sauce. Flavor overload, but if your tastebuds can take it, try it.Forget the tourist traps that are Pat's and Geno's. Steve's has the best steaks in Philly. Grew up eating them and it's the first thing I eat every time I come home to visit. I have dreams about the melted American cheese, whiz fries, and chocolate soda. Zero complaints about this place.Visit July 14, 2014.  Just great.  Had a "wiz with".  And some cherry peppers.  Was in heavenI didn't realize just how much I loved Steve's until I described it to an out-of-town visitor while at another, more touristy cheesesteak joint on South St.
"Well, for one, there's the torpedo roll. It's a great size. And the steak is good, and not chopped, but not dry and gristly like at Geno's...and the cheese, oh the cheese! They have MELTED white American cheese. Like, liquid. OMG."
It went a little something like that. I didn't even get to mention the delicious cheesefries that require a fork to eat. And if you know me, you know good cheesefries usually don't go unmentioned. Well done, Steve's. You are worth the trip.If I am getting a cheesesteak, I am going to Steve's. I like to make my reviews a bit more lengthy and detailed if possible, but all that has to be said is if you eat steak, and haven't tried Steve's Prince, you NEED to.They are good at what they do I just like more chopped steak than the slabs.... but they are goodBest steak in the 
city...dont go for the atmosphere, its run down a bit, but always the best steak...very consistently goodIt was good, but I hoped the 'Philly steak' would have been juicier. It seemed as dry as the bread. The toppings were good. I got my hopes up a bit here.Best steaks in the city... Gotta double up - I can't eat just one & make sure you get an order of hot & spicy fries to go with them!!!Simple, affordable & tasty.  You can't go wrong when grabbing a steak at Steve's.  They make all their steaks as you order and turn them out quickly.  
Prov wit $8.75Steve's has the typical layout. One window for ordering cheesesteaks and other sandwiches off the grill. Second window for drinks and sides like fries. 
As for the cheesesteak, you get sliced, intact steaks on one of the better hoagie rolls. Slightly crispy on the outside that has a nice crunch but not so hard to hurt the roof of your mouth. The inside is soft and perfectly chewy without getting wet from the cheese or the steak. The steak itself was flavorful and well cooked. I just wished there was more than a few overlapping slices of them. That being said, I was fairly full from finishing the one whole cheesesteak. I can see why Steve's are up there for cheesesteaks in Philly.Way back in 1982 I was coming home from a date and passed Steve's Steaks.  I believe it just opened. Shortly thereafter I would drop my date of 15 minutes early and I would save $3.35 so I could grab a steak on the way home and still get there by curfew. I still remember her standing there asking why I could not stay at her place just a few minutes more ....
Then, in 1986, I led 6 carloads on a 90 mile road trip from college just to eat steak sandwiches on a Friday night.
In 1992 I moved 55 miles north and now look for any excuse to make it to Steve's. If I am coming down 95 from NY to DC, I'll go the 40 miles extra to divert to Steve's. If I leave PHL airport, and I have an extra hour, I'll run up to the northeast for one these great sandwiches.  
The sliced rib meat is always fresh, sliced at the right thickness and cooked until juicy.  The rolls collapse under pressure and yet never get too sort or soggy.  The jars of peppers, pickles and sauce are the perfect compliment.  Whiz wit is my preference but try "pizza, whiz wit" for a real taste explosion.
My only disappointment is the fries.  They're good but come from a bag.  Fries made from fresh potatoes would make an awesome meal even better.Good food and good environment but the neighborhood is a little different. Would recommend the food was good. The shakes are handmade and amazingOkay! So my bf is from philly and him and his friends will always rave about their favorite childhood cheese steak place. He had to take me here after a long morning of site seeing and touristy stuff. I had to get this steak they all have been raving about. 
Parking: private lot east.
Service: quick, order at the front and cash only!
Food: got these enormous hot fresh crunchy fries and added pepper. got one cheese steak with american cheese and half with onions. I added hot peppers on my side (it was so big we just halfed one). The steak was large slices versus all chopped up. I like it that way. Not any condiments and the cheese and hot peppers made it delish.
Want to try again! and of course compare to other steaksIt's no Pats but still pretty good for cheese steak and wiz fries. 
Also probably one of the most expensive cheese steaks in the area.Definitely my go to place for a Philly cheese steak! The only minor complaint I have would be that the fries are always too well done and if I have to hate something more than anything when it comes to my food it would definitely have to be too well done of fries. Other than that, the steak sandwiches are DELICIOUS! American chsstk hoagie without please and thank you!!Sweet Jesus, I wanted to take up residency at Steve's.  While on our 24-hours in Philly, we felt compelled to grab a cheesesteak (cue up the "Eye of the Tiger") to make our trip complete.  Based on the recommendation from a friend of ours, he told us to go to Steve's as we didn't want to end up in a tourist trap like Pat's or Geno's.  And we did.  Be forewarned that Steve's is not exactly in downtown Philly; in fact, it was quite of a drive (through a somewhat sketchy area, but we've seen worse in Boston) to the original location in Northeast Philly.  But you won't be disappointed.  No wonder why it is considered one of the best kept secrets of Philly.
The cheesesteaks are served as a one-size-fits all.  The steak is sliced, not chipped/shaved.  The cheese offered is American (ooey gooey white American cheese), provolone, mozzarella, and cheese whiz.  That's right, cheese whiz.  With or without onions, it's your choice.  Condiments are up to you and are self-serve.
But if this is your first rodeo with Steve's, you better know your order before you step to the window.  For here or to go, what type of cheese, with or without onions.  If you're a Seinfeld fan like me, ordering was just like a scene out of the infamous "Soup Nazi" episode.  Order, pay cash, step to the left to order your drinks and/or fries, and pay again.  
There are no real tables, but rather there is counter seating.  The restaurant is always busy... always.  Whether it be sit-down or take-out, it is always busy, but it was well worth the wait.  
There's a reason why it's called Steve's Price of Steaks, as the cheesesteak was a royal treat by my standards.  My original plan of cutting my cheesesteak in half and letting Hubs have it was completely out of the question after just one bite.  It was a lot of food, especially considering that we also split an order of fries.  However, it was awesome.  It was hot, messy, and tasty.  There is no ladylike way to eat cheesesteaks at Steve's.  Making the napkin bib is not a bad idea. 
After we finished the feast, I felt like Rocky only it was my stomach battling Apollo Creed based on the sheer amount of food.  Yo Adrian, we did it!