I think I have officially found a nice chill spot!!! I love the fact that the customer service is so good! I went on the Taco Tuesday Night and let me just say the taco's were excellent!!! The steak and chicken in the taco's are seasoned to perfection!! The music is great! They play the music that we all love 90's-00's. Oh and did I forget they have Nintendo 64 with plenty of remote controls which is a huge plus!!!! In my opinion it is a underrated place that needs more spotlight! So here it is!!!!Great bar by Penn's Landing. My favorite part is the gaming aspect.. you can grab a cheap beer and just play old N64 games with friends (Mario Kart, Smash Bros, etc). Again, beers are cheap (like $3). There are also plenty of TVs so it can be a good place to catch the game too (especially since it's not too busy in the day time). Fun bar to hang out with friends, especially if you're visiting from out of town (due to its location to Philly landmarks).I just finished casting for a role in Philly, and needed something remotely clean to eat to prep me for fashion week.  I saw $2 dollar tacos and walked in traditionally I walk by this place on my tourist outings to the city but it's packed at night.  Today I ordered 4 tacos and was able to play some super smash brothers on the Nintendo 64 to pass the time by.  The tacos were a good value for what they cost and packed full.  Not sure how well it'd be if it cost 5 dollars a taco.  The icing on the cake was the videos games the bathrooms are downstairs but could def use  little TLC as the door didn't want to open and the urinals were close to flooding on every flush.Great find in Old City. Had $3 mimosas and other great drink specials. Love their menus are made from old album covers. Have gaming systems for those interested. Friendly service.We came here after an afternoon movie thinking we'd have share some appetizers. The menu seemed good. That's where it ended. We waited for a LOONG time for wait service. After we ordered, he never came back to the table. When the food finally came, delivered by someone else, the appetizer received was not what we ordered. The other two dishes came out. We had to seek out a server to get plastic forks. We then learned they did not have plates in the restaurant. After we were finished, we finally received the first dish. No one apologized and the nachos were terrible. The nachos were soggy. The smoked brisket was fatty and there was far too much cheese on the dish. We finally caught the eye of the waiter after waiting for a long time to get the check. When he brought it over and I mentioned the nachos were not very appetizing, he responded by saying, "there's nothing I can do about it". Sorry, this is not acceptable and I would not recommend this bar to anyone. Sure, there are some games there but there are many other places to go in Center City. I'd recommend spending your money elsewhere!Had a great time  at this place. Randomly stopped in on a Tuesday. I couldn't resist the $2 shots and $5 margaritas. Bartenders are super cool as wellI say this without hyperbole, I ate one of the worst burgers I've ever had here.  I asked for medium and it came out beyond well done.  The bun tasted stale.  The meat was not juicy at all - just super greasy.  It was completely over seasoned, which I always take as a sign of poor quality meat, which it was.  The patty just fell apart into a greasy mess. 
The prices aren't bad and this isn't a bad place to go to drink.  There are better options in the area for that, though.  The owner seems like he wants this place to do well.  He may need to fix whatever is going on in the kitchen and/or implement some quality control.  Otherwise me thinks it will end up in the great market street in the sky.My of my favorite spots in old city for sure. Good food. Amazing chicken fingers. Reasonable drinks and a fun neighborhood type of a crowd.EAT THE TACOS. ANY TACO - BEEF, CHICKEN, WHATEVER - JUST EAT THE TACOS!!! I got the beef tacos, two friends got chicken - they were both super good. The service is just fine. Obviously the beer is good, too, and it's all at a good price :) Good all around!This is a very good dive bar. Good prices and casual, laid back atmosphere (on a mid Saturday afternoon).The best 70" television in Old City!  With spectacular views of Market Street and charming young men in their early 20's this bar is a hidden gem.  The only thing I would recommend is that you go during your pre-game as you will then realize it's not worth spending $9 per drink elsewhere that night.There are many good things about Sto's starting with it's in Olde City, and on Tuesdays with Tacos, Video Games, shuffle board and lot of TV's playing Sports, Music Videos and a Feature Movie it can't be beat. Plus the staff is excellent.Pascal is an amazing bartender! He's been super sweet and attentive! He was very knowledgeable about the beers on draft and the food on the menu. PS the fried pickles and wings rock ! Get the ghost dry rub for a flavorful punch. I'm having a great experience here thanks to the great food and staff. Plus N64 wow how can this place get any better?Just when you thought it couldn't get any better, Sto's has done it again. A great hangout, terrific drinks and legendary food! If you haven't been here you're missing out. Come try their exotic mimosas.I can't speak for the food, but this is hands down my favorite bar in Philadelphia. The laid back attitude and friendly staff only add to the fun atmosphere. Mario Kart and beer makes for the perfect Saturday afternoon.Sto's is a pretty chill, relaxed place to get together for a low-key night, or a happy hour drink. The specials are good and the food is decent - but the highlight is by far the N64 that's always set up, ready to be played. They occasionally have good shot specials, and some standard drink, nacho, and wing specials.
The food is nothing fancy, but the nachos are good. The FaceSweaters wings are SUPER hot - even for the most daring and ballsy.
The only real down-fall is that the service can be slow, even when the bar is empty. The bartenders are chill and take it easy, but should be more attentive. If there's "regulars" sitting at the bar - the bartenders / owner will just be chatting all night, and you have to interrupt to get served. But, if you don't mind being a little pushy, that's fine.
All in all, good drinks, chill atmosphere, cool games.Had a great time at stos last tuesday! rockin jazz band and funny stand up comedy! bar was pretty full and they had a decent beer selection. As for the food their female chef could sit on my face and I wouldn't mind, the tacos she made me and my friends were delicious, and she was a smokin hot bbw. we will definatly return hungry for more. i give stos 5 stars plus they have video games and free shuffle board! nuff said!!!!Sto's has come a long way! We came on a Monday to enjoy 50 cent jumbo wings, which come with your choice of a bunch of a delicious and creative sauces. There are two new waitstaff and new chefs with a great menu. He has expanded next door, too, to open a beer garden. Check out this gem in Olde City!Amazing wings and service. Gotta try the maple bacon wings. Out of this world!!!  They have incredible food and drink specials. Monday's they have 50 cent wings with a million varieties to chose from. My favorite is the classic buffalo wing. The blue cheese is to die for!!!Sto's on a Tuesday at 10 was almost empty and still fun. N64 and ps4 on three of the 7 TVs. Citywide was 5 and pitchers of rr were 8. Relaxed vibe and friendly lazy bartender.So awesome, one of our definite go-tos and they just started serving brunch!
We started coming here as a classic with a twist dive bar where we could play games while we drank without breaking the bank. And then we tried the food...WHAT?!?!!!! UNREAL pulled pork sandwich and burger.
Super chill place to hang, awesome vibe, very comfortable as locals.a decent place to go to in old city to play a game of two of shuffleboard. that's it.This place is very dark and ratchet looking. Since it was at Old City, i expected it to be nicer. They have video games but they only have about two machines, the one is your typical tv screen video game, and the other one, broken. I was disappointed thats why we didnt bother buying anything here. If you like arcade with drinks, go to Dave and Buster's instead.My boyfriend and I were wandering down Market St between 2nd & 3rd, talking about how our neighborhood's bars are great but we were wanting to try something new.  BAM! There was Sto's.  
They had a good crowd, so we went in and grabbed two seats at the bar.  The bartender told us that they opened up yesterday.  Fabulous!  The decor and atmosphere were really nice.  There was a plethora of giant tv's - some showing baseball and some showing a stream of music videos from the 1990s-2000s.  It was pretty fun to listen to the music of our childhood while drinking good local beer.
The tap list is short but of great quality - Six beers brewed in Pennsylvania (think Troegs, PBC, Yards, etc).  The drink list had lots of bottled beer (both craft and macro-brewed) as well as mixed drinks, so there's something for everyone.
We like what we see so far!  We'll be back to try out the food (and more beer, of course)!WOW!!!!!!!!!  Theyve got the Best wings in town. Great bar with tons of draft and bottle choices. Several Flat screens.  It's primarily a sports bar.  Chill.  Video games.Stopped in here one day to grab some food as I did not feel like cooking that day. Got the Storachi wings and enjoyed them quite a bit. Ended up going back there another day and tried the Yum-Yum Wings which I would recommend to people to try. Much better than the Storachi. This place would get 5 stars, but the consistency of the wings can be a bit off in the way they cook them. One chef seems to put a ton of sauce on them while the other is stingy.
Edit: I'm no longer in philly and really miss that place. If that doesn't justify 5 I don't know what does.Cool spot. Good music. Few games. 2 TVs have N64s hooked up to them (Mario Kart, Mario Party, Smash Bros). Another TV by the bar has Madden hooked up to it. $6 for mixed drinks which isn't bad compared to the NJ and NY prices I'm used to. It isn't too loud. You can actually have a conversation without screaming in someone's ear.We showed up to grab a seat before the parade on 4th of July. The owner, Sto, was by himself still setting up before the bar was open, though he went out of his way to accommodate us. We had the lucky opportunity to have him as our bartender! Two Bahama Bay Breezes with fresh pineapple juice - delicious. Great atmosphere and a great place to get drinks or shots in Olde City. Free video games and bar games, too. We will definitely be coming back!Tacos are great!! I would've rated higher if the bartender didn't scoff at us when leaving   .We stopped for a quick drink and wound up staying for several rounds. Free games and good cocktailsThis is a great new local venue in Olde City that has a promising future for years to come. Sto's provides a fun, hip, and relaxing atmosphere with a great local craft beer selection and higher-end touches on Philly favorites. I had a Walt Whit with their Jersey Burger which includes a fried egg and pork roll; nice sized portions as well. 
Not only that, the place is loaded with high-end TVs that show anything from music videos from all genres to the games. Great new place, check out.We wanted to try Sto's because they had a few vegan friendly options. Chose the King pow tofu and we were extremely disappointed. The tofu was undercooked, and tasted more like BBQ sauce than anything. Not to mention we had to go up to the bar to order both drinks and food. For a Saturday afternoon it wasn't terribly busy. Overall disappointed with service and food. Would not recommend.Food and beers are great. The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is that their bathroom is absolutely disgusting. I come to Sto's a decent amount because I work down the block, and while the bathroom won't stop me from coming in, it's heinous, and many of my friends (especially females) hate going there because they're grossed out. Great wings, tacos,  and great beer specials. If you just get the place cleaned up, you'll be golden, and I'll update my review to 5 stars!Upon entering I was not overwhelmed or feeling any which way about this smaller bar. It's newly renovated inside and clean, I just was not hit with much personality when I walked inside. It's kind of a sports bar, kind of a nice dive bar. 
Once we ordered our drinks and food I realized I really like this place!! The bartender and the owner are both SO nice, made my friends and I feel really welcome inside. The fries were also really really good.  We had a long evening ahead of us and they had multiple phone chargers for us to borrow too which I thought was really cool.
Basically give this place a try you will probably be pleasantly surprised.I don't know where to start.  It's definitely a bad sign when you ask for a recommendation and the only answer you get is "well this is what sells the most...".  
The menu is standard bar fare - burgers, wings, chicken sandwiches, etc.  I got a classic grilled chicken sandwich and it was pretty dreadful.  The bun was stale - which I might not have noticed if they had toasted it.  It was doused with mayo, which I think was supposed to be some sort of house-seasoned mayo but it just tasted like mayo.  The amount of mayo on it was bad enough, but the chicken was in the form of 4 large breast chunks so as you bit into it the whole thing just fell apart.  Plus the chicken tasted as if it were marinated in some sort of teriyaki sauce which was not part of the description.  The lettuce on the sandwich seemed fresh but the tomatoes were so thin they just seemed mushy.  I picked at it here and there with my fork after it had all fallen apart but it didn't taste great.  Luckily the fries that came with were okay so I finished most of them. 
My partner got a burger that was overcooked and tasted over seasoned.  The plantain chips he got were crispy but just tasted like the oil they were cooked in.
It's nice to have a low key bar on market street, but they need to step their food up - it just seems lazy.  I didn't think Lulu's was great but it was better than this place.I came here upon a recommendation for the wing/fry special which is $8 on Thurs.  Its 8 wings and fries.   This is a lively local bar with friendly and helpful staff.  Unfortunately the fries were disappointing...very limp as though they were old or reheated. I give it 4 stars because the quality of the wings were great although be forewarned of course the ghost pepper wings are very spicy!I just paid to hang out in a post college frat party.
If you yearn for the glory days, miss the stench of cheap spilt beer and prefer service by  egotistical bros, then hell, come to Sto's! 
As for myself, I will be literally anywhere else in the city.
(They had food?)Living in the neighborhood, I had high hopes when I saw the menu and the vibe of the place. However, can't say I was too impressed. I know it was early on but I wasn't thrilled with my food choices. However, the staff was super friendly so that's always a plus. May try it again to give it a fair chance.Amazing wings!  Great staff! Perfect location!  The chef Tiffany does great work!  Came in in Sunday of Labor Day weekend and was happy to find a few different tvs with games...an old school Mario cart game in the front and outdoor seating.  But the wings were toooooooo good!The food is amazing. Very large portions, which is never a bad thing. They're going for a sports bar type of place, which is great considering they have so many TV's in the place. Very laid-back atmosphere.The bartenders were drinking more than the customers and they didn't seem to care one bit about said customers. 
I asked for a food menu at one point and the bartender said sure and promptly went to take another shot with her friend and never brought me a menu. Plenty of better places in Old City to check out with much better service.We spent several hours enjoying a pitcher of beer and people-watching at an outdoor table. The service was fine and there are great drink specials during the day.Great staff...awesome large TV selection with multiple sports and music videos to go along with songs...becoming a great sports bar n restaurant. Interesting food selection from scrapple sticks to veggie hoagies and juicy burgers. A few beers on tap along with nice bottle selection.I had high hopes when I saw the menu, but the inside decor needs some help. I like dive bars, but clearly, they do have local patrons who like they've been sitting at the bar for years already and who do not like to shower. I do like the Nintendo system and the arcade (which ate my money the first time). The food was decent - I got the nachos and they were tasty. The service was very slow though. But, I'd give it another shot. I would still advise them to change up the decor a little.Super chill bar. It has an outdoor area next door. Very casual and laid-back.  Cheap drink, great food. Will definitely be coming back!Good wings, good flavor, lots of variety. Woukd come back again!!! Hand-cut fries were a bonus.I liked this place a lot. It had retro games on the N64 like Mario Kart and Super Smash Bros and Mortal Combat. It had strong and cheap drinks. Our bartender Bree was on point and literally one of the coolest and chill people I have ever met. The vibe was hip and crowded enough to know it was popping but not too crowded where you didn't know where you were and had to hit people to get out the way. The only thing I had an issue with was the bathroom and it's cleanliness. It was overflowing and honestly not a great bathroom whatsoever. But otherwise I would definitely recommend this place for one of the first few stops to a pub crawl!Went there on Friday 31 July and the barman (beard, cheap tattoos) tried to fight us. He was overly rude, arrogant and dismissive when serving us drinks so I didn't tip. He sends his large friend (who apparently is also a barman there some nights) to come tell us we won't be served anymore because we didn't tip the guy. 
Next round of beers we get from the barlady who was pleasant and helpful who rightfully deserved and received a tip. As we're leaving, we had just finished playing a round of Jenga and because we're not knob heads, we were stacking the pieces back. Now this is an hour after we didn't tip the guy. Barman, out of nowhere comes out, gets in my face and aggressively says "now you can get the fuck out" or something to that effect. He punches the jenga tower and starts raising his voice and that we aren't welcome in his bar. Note: it isn't his bar. He is, in all his glory the barman and nothing else. Luckily it didn't escalate because I decided to just leave instead of argue with the roid head but he was ready to put them up. 
His friend is outside eating and drinking like he probably does every waking minute and he tries to kick it off with us too. 
It's a shame Sto's hires thugs who threaten customers because they reserved their right to not leave a tip to a person who is so low down the ability ladder, bar tending at Sto's is a monumental task. Enjoy being a nothing buddyThis is a great bar. I started with Tom and he was outstanding. They're always respectful towards any teams or songs perspective. Additionally Tom (the bartender) was both good looking and quickly serviceable and readily available for any situation. However the lady bartender was the bomb. Her name is Maura and I love herI came here during the first weekend this month and was visiting from out of town. I decided to try a new place in this neighborhood than I usually go. It was an amazing choice because the food was good and the bartender was nice and had comped me a pitcher because the first one came out a little too frothy.Had an awesome time at Sto's this past weekend watching the NCAA Conference Championship games.  Great food and beer and tons of TVs.Music videos on TV?!   CHECK!  Hard drinks?!  CHECK!  Great bartenders?!  CHECK!  Great company?  CHECK!   Reasonably priced drinks?!   DUH!  CHECK!  We will definitely come back when we're on the neighborhood!A divey bar in the heart of old city.  Stos is located within walking distance of pretty much everything historical that is worth seeing in Philadelphia. 
I walk by this place frequently and have stopped in a few times. Its long and narrow and fills up pretty quickly and gets especially packed for a sporting event, specifically University of Pittsburgh football and basketball games.  Oddly enough this is a Pitt bar.
It  looks and feels like a bro-y college bar, great atmosphere when its packed with a game on, but definitely shows its age and wear during the day when its a bit more empty. Back wall is full of photos , albums, and posters and such, some have seen better days. they also have a big sections of wall that people write on, pictures of sexual organs are a staple of course
They have two Nintendo 64s and about 20 games which you can play for free.  Mario Kart is the staple of course. Also Jenga and shuffleboard
Beer prices are very reasonable, and there are frequent specials on all sorts of drinks and beers.  10 dollar pitchers!
This is a great place to get the latest feel on which sports team has disappointed the city the most recently, how chip kelly is the biggest bum and best thing to ever happen to the eagles, by the same person... in the same sentence...Spent a Sunday boozin, watching football, and dining with the fam at Sto's and had an outstanding time. For one, the owner is from Pittsburgh and when he found out we were too, he came and pal'ed around with us which is always appreciated. The TVs were plentiful and they had every game on, but still we didn't have a problem getting a table. The non-football-enthusiasts found a way to amuse themselves with the free shuffleboard and gorging on cheap pitchers. 
We ordered lunch and I liked particularly like the nachos I ordered because I just moved here from San Diego and was wrongly expecting them to be Mexican style with real queso, but didn't like the fake nacho cheese they were smothered in. My comrades fortunately did though, and devoured them while giving me delicious bites of their tasty food. The burger was the winner and what I wish I would have ordered. High quality beef on a fresh bun cooked just right. The perfect accompaniment to beer and football on a Sunday. The wings were also above-average and there was a long list of flavors to choose from. 
Atmosphere is perfect for game watching, dark but not dingy with good food and reasonably priced beer. I will be back!The taco's were amazing! The customer service was awesome. The vibes were great. My friend and I stumbled into Sto's Bar after we were treated poorly at Campo's Deli. At Campo's Deli the customer service is pretty bad. My friend and I were sitting there talking after we were done eating and around 7:45pm on a rainy Tuesday and this guy comes over and tells us we need to move because he needs to sweep and mop. He didn't even say excuse me or even ask us kindly to move. I was under the impression they were closing, so I asked the lady behind the cash register to confirm they were staying open. She said no and I told her that particular man asked us to move because he had to sweep and mop. Her reply? You can have a sit on this side over here...such and such is just a little fiesty. No excuse. My friend and I left anyway and went to Sto's Bar a couple of steps down from Campos where we were welcomed by an awesome bartender named Kevin that served us with the best customer service I've seen in a while. I don't care how much people rave about Campo's Deli and the food they offer. As an establishment that serves people, if your customer service stinks, people will find another place to take their money. I will certainly return to Sto's Bar and recommend you too as well! Thanks Kevin!Terrible service from the bartenders but  great food from Head Chef, Tiffany. The bartenders made rude remarks about me and my friend in front of us, attempted to rush us out when the bar was half full, and even cleared away our food without asking if we were done and we weren't done. I've worked in the service industry before and this is the worst service I've received in a very long time. Never again.What a hidden gem.  Just spent a perfect night at Sto's.  The male bartender (didn't get his name) made us feel right at home, even though we were out-of-towners just needing a place to watch the hockey game (Chicago Blackhawks winning the Stanley Cup, but I digress).  
Delicious wings - we tried 3 flavors, all perfect. Homemade blue cheese dressing that was outstanding. Very laid back with zero attitude. Everyone including staff and customers were so friendly.  Great service, great food, great beer, great prices.Calling all 'bros' this is your bar!
Stumbled upon this bar on my friends bar crawl a bit back. Sto's has a very chill vibe along with a good atmosphere. Tons of video games to play, xbox, cornhole, etc. I believe there is beer pong every Friday and Saturday as well. Walls behind the bar area are filled with TV's. Some for gaming and some for actual games playing that day or evening. I've been there before when they had the majority of the TV's playing 90's music videos which was cool. 
Sto's has a various amount of beers on tap and I've heard there tacos are really good.My wife and I went here for lunch on a Wednesday. We were the only 2 people in the entire place. 
It took a while for the order to be taken, which was fine. But then, they informed us that they were out of the chicken gyro. So, my wife chose the Jersey Burger, which has pork roll and a fried egg. About 20 minutes later we were told that they were out of pork roll and asked if she would accept bacon as a sub. To which she countered with no bacon at a discount. They seemed alright with that. But 5 minutes later, dude went running down the street for F'ing pork roll. 
Mind you, they were out of the chicken gyro and pork roll, on a Wednesday, with no customers in the entire place. 
At the 45-50 minute mark, we still had no food, so we decided to pay for our 2 beers and nachos. They charged us $26 for 2 beers and nachos. We paid $21. We won't be returning. 
If you own an establishment on E. Market Street, you need to have your lunch game down. Sto's has no lunch game.This was probably the worst meal we have ever attempted to eat.  I'm not one to bash and I am not some food critic but this place had the worst bar food ever.  We were looking for simple edible bar food and a cock tail.  setting was cool, kids had plenty to do with video games but took a little long even though there weren't many customers (that was fine with setting) but when the food came out it was terrible.  I tried picking off other peoples plates as my Nachos were inedible.  How do you F up Nachos.  here's a hint they had Paprika on them.  I asked the waitress what all the red stuff was she said Paprika.  I literally wouldn't complain if Nachos had a toilet seat on them if they were tasty.  I couldn't eat 1.   Kids Corn Dogs were bad,   everything way overcooked and deep fried hard.  Even the Cheesesteaks (you're in Phila for God Sake sucked.   Get a Drink here but save yourself the DiareaaCool bar that plays music videos and has a Nintendo 64 and other games. In the summertime, the outdoor space is open- complete with outdoor games and bar.Typical dive bar with a cool beer garden in the summer. They have a vast selection of homemade wing sauces. I really enjoy the Cajun & the face sweater, and mango habanero sauce. Not made for those who don't like a lot of heat. City wides all day & can you can pick from three beers & three different types of shots. Stick with beer & shots here as the mixed drink barely had an ounce in at as I watched it be poured. Decent dive neighborhood staple. They also have great deals on pitchers.This is by far my favorite local bar in the city. I started coming here the week it opened and fell in love. I have been looking for a place with a variety of wing flavors and the moment I stumbled into Sto's and saw their menu I could help but go once a week! 
Tiff is who cooks all the food and not only is she an awesome person but her food is just as great. She is super friendly and willing to adjust to any food allergies! 
Chelsea and Riley are THE BEST bartenders there! They always know what drink I want and get it for me as soon as I walk in! They are always super friendly and make me feel welcome. Not to mention prices are unbeatable! 
A must go to bar!!!! Try the food!!!I love this place! Good food! Great atmosphere! Awesome people! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good time and Nintendo! Where else can you drink and play Mario Cart? You walk in and instantly feel like your with friends. Anyone who thinks otherwise is just socially inept. Always a great time and reasonably priced.Had an absolute blast with my friends last Saturday. Mike did his best - and succeeded - in making sure we has a great time. We will definitely be coming back.Sto is amazing. The wings were on point...cooked to perfection and the 20 plus sauces to chose from (developed and perfected by the chef Tiffany) are amazing.  Between the service and the food, this place is a true gem in a nondescript spot. I will definitely come back.This place was packed...this weekend was the Philadelphia Pub crawl and this placed look jumping.  Even though I did not drink cause I was volunteering, this place appeared to fun inviting and friedly.This place is pretty cool. Decent food and drinks. They have a Nintendo 64 and super smash bros so it gets 3 stars. Unfortunately I stood at the bar for over 15 minutes with a 20$ bill in my hand and got looked over multiple times. Seems the male bartenders just want to serve females.Went here while visiting Philly for the weekend. Bartender was ok... AMAZING WINGS!!!Solid bar to grab a beer. I started down the street at Mac's, which was okay, but ended up here because there were move TVs and I wanted to watch some sports. The bartender was super friendly, the place was busy but still comfortable, and there were plenty of TVs...all, however, on one wall, which is a bit odd. 
Drinks are affordable. Beer selection is good but not as good as Mac's. They poured my gin and tonics fairly strong, and the bartender even slid me a free one saying "welcome to Philly". 
Didn't try the food, but they were pumping out a lot of wings that looked and smelled decent. 
Bathrooms were pretty nasty. Otherwise, I liked this place.Nice people but not extremely knowledgeable about the food and beverage selections. Ok place to watch a game, but only have limited number of tv's.Its a lovely tiny bar and restaurant that best explains me...they have nintendo games that me and my friends played till late afternoon...we went in the morning....got lord knows how many pitchers of beer....drunk and flushed.....tourists everywhere thinking we were locals drinking early in the day....its a free place to get really loose....enjoy with friends...there were kids playing the games with us.....im glad the lady bartending was there...she made sure all our items were behind the bar as we were drinking....truly gem....my fav part of visiting philly....I was invited to Sto's and ended up being the only one there. I was greeted by most of the people that was in there. Great vibes, a lot of games I played some as well.. It wasn't until I meet the owner of the bar and the chef and also the cook... I realized that this place is awesome.. Great long islands and let me not forget the food is good!! The face sweater chicken are the best so far!! Please stop by, you will not regret it...This place was so much fun. They have an inside part that has video games and an outside spot that has a bar, lawn chairs, corn hole, and GIANT beer pong. It was such a beautiful day when my boyfriend and I were there so we stayed in the outside section for the most part. The awesome bar tender made cupcakes and was giving them away for free if you bought a drink: we made sure to buy drinks and tip her well  Drinks were good and fairly priced (can't speak to the food because we didn't get any). We were there around 4 on a Friday so it wasn't too crowded, but I would imagine it gets a little full during peak hours. Will definitely check this place out again.My fiance and I were out-of-towners looking for a relatively low-key place to have a few drinks to round out the evening after doing on the Grim Philly tours. After passing so many "velvet rope" and "oom chik oom chik" type places, seeing the old school arcade game and Nintendo 64 controllers was a welcome change. We swung in for a drink and ended up staying the whole evening. It was about 11pm, so we didn't get food. But I had one of their delicious specialty cocktails. The rest of the rail drinks we got were good and reasonably priced. The bartender was super friendly. 
We played Mario Kart on the Nintendo 64 then played the old arcade machine, which was full of old 80s games, all free. The joysticks aren't in great shape, but we had fun nonetheless. In the back was a bean bag toss and table shuffleboard, which we played as well. It was a great date place because of the all the dorky fun to be had. 
I felt like this place was a diamond in the rough.So Stos has changed since it first opened, and not for the better. Strictly a bro bar now.Great wings (not the best but still quite good) and cheap beer specials. The plantain chips were definitely pretty bad tasting like oil and the dipping sauce was blah as well.
Great friendly service though...I'd go back to try more of the wing flavors. 
I am pretty sure this used to be a pizza place that we liked quite a bit.I had an awesome time meeting a friend here! We came on a Wednesday around 5:30-ish and it wasn't terribly busy. There wasn't a long wait for our $5 nacho special or for our drinks, which also had great specials! The Nintendo 64 and free shuffleboard was super cool. Great atmosphere, great nachos, and great drinks. I'll be returning soonStopped at this neighborhood location for "Taco Tuesday" while we were on our way to a different place.  While the two tacos for $4 seemed like a good deal, they were odd tasting -- more like luke-warm fatty barbecue and soggy soft shells.  While the server was nice, and the french fries were good, and hot, the tacos at this place were borderline scary to eat.  Didn't try the tequila shots or margarita deal, and don't care about video games.  Wouldn't recommend Sto's, as there are a lot of better choices within the block.More of a 3.5, but I'm willing to bump it up to a 4, because it's new and the owner was very nice and eager to please.  So eager, in fact, that he gave us a beer glass just because we told him we liked that they had the restaurant's name on it.
Anyway, we went right a few days after it opened, and though there are some kinks to be worked out, it is a solid new bar and restaurant in Old City.  The only thing that really bothered me was that it took ages to get our food, when there weren't that many people there.  But other than that, it was a nice experience.  
They had some great beer specials ($3 for a Walt Wit draft, a delicious light wheat beer) and all of their drafts are local.  Their wings were especially good and priced well for the amount you get.  The yum yum sauce is the best, and the co-owner (I think) said it was her mom's secret recipe from South Korea.
It also seems like it would be a great place to grab a beer while watching a Phillies game - they have about 10 TVs inside.