My family has been eating Stock's poundcake since before I was born...so I was practically raised on the faire.  I will admit, I love their poudcake; however, its the diamond sugar raised donuts that I love the best.  They are delicious.  They are as close to fasnacht donuts as one can get--and you can buy them year around.
My second favorite...the buttercake.  Probably the tastiest buttercake I've had, yet I very rarely buy because its been downsized dramatically yet the price stayed the same as the larger size.  A few years back, you could serve 1 Stock's buttercake for dessert and satisfy my family of 4. Now I would need to buy 2.  I asked the manager about the reduction.  She said "The tin supplier discontinued that size aluminum pan.  Really?  Not sure I believe that; but definately try the sugar raised donuts.There is nothing I can write to emphasize how awesome the poundcake is.  Perfect texture, perfect frosting.  Priced by the pound, one of these sweet babies cost me about $9, but it was worth every penny. 
Take cash and some patience for the wait you'll endure until you can cut into the cake and eat it.  Or just bring some utensils so you can nosh on it immediately exiting the bakery.Stocks pound cake. I'm not a big fan of it, but after you put it in the freezer and let it defrost it's the best around. The fudge swirl cookies were pretty good. The donuts were okay for a first time try, I would never get the donuts again tho. I wish they had more of a selection of other pastries. But I guess they're known for the pound cake so why mess with something good.This place has amazing cake!! There is only one really big problem and it is that they don't ship out to California.  But other than that I love this place!only two words.
Pound Cake
CRACK!!!! I have to stay away from stocks, it's going to be my downfall. I'm only allowed to indulge in a heavenly smorsel once a year...easter. Otherwise i'd be walking around with a big ass. just a tiny bite and it's sure to go straight to your hips, ass and thighs.
But still worth the week you have to work it off. 
Salivating......!My parents introduced me to Stock's Bakery years ago. They grew up in Kensington so they knew about its famous pound cake. For me it's the best pound cake and I'm always comparing others to it. I wish I could give the bakery more than 5 stars, but if you haven't had Stock's pound cake then you are really missing out.Poundcake and cakes (best in Philly).  Cash only.  Closed on Sundays.  That's all you need to know.I'm really not getting all the rave reviews. I had the pound cake and I thought it tasted like a box cake. Nothing special at all.The best pound cake~ the best treat on Christmas
Morning with coffee or tea! Call ahead to place your order for the Holidays!!! Cash only~ My favorite is the Chocolate icing but Vanilla is the most popular.Famous of course for the pound cake. I recently enjoyed a marble one with vanilla icing for the first time. Tasted great but I will say was a little disappointed with the cake texture after freezing/thawing/serving as directed. And just a note, if you want a classic pound cake with vanilla icing, gotta claim yours early in the day before they sell out.I only get Stocks at Christmas when I visit my niece.  I live too far to justify the drive down there.  I wish they would mail order.  I know it is a Stocks pound cake by sight.  It is so dense and moist.My father drives an hour to stock up on their pound cakes.  Out of this world.Best vanilla iced pound cake ever.  End of story.   Worth every calorie, every dollar. That is allThis is the first time I have been here and it is a busy 'In and Out' kind of corner bakery. There were maybe 5 women behind the counter tending to customers. I came for the pound cake but decided to get a danish as well, crumb to be specific. I realize it is an in and out bakery. But I waited patiently in line while several birthday cake orders and a dad with 2 small boys an the morning pastry list to fill. It is part of the atmosphere. However, when it was my turn, I immediately asked for the vanilla iced pound cake. She started wrapping it and I inquired about its price because there are no prices on the trays or a board extensive enough to include their baked goods. She said this one was $11.50, she seemed reluctant to keep wrapping it up...?? I said ok, thats fine, I would also like a donut or something similar. I am looking around, I smile, keep looking, I notice the entire time she seems to be looking left, looking right, I am boring her and don't have her attention. It would have been nice if she asked if I had been there before, or offered to help narrow my selections down to the best one for me. Customer Service in my opinion could use some fine tuning. The pound cake was moist, firm. I would have preferred the vanilla icing on top to be firm as well. It isn't. It is sticky enough to pull away with the vacuum plastic wrap they put the pound cake in. The firm icing is really a personal preference. I may go again, but i really felt rushed. I would like a second to look at all they have, I don't know if this kind of bakery or bakery staff offers the kind of environment to foster that. Fast fast fast, in and out.... is fine for regulars who have always been regulars but how does one become a regular if you aren't already? Give someone a smile and some help or a recommendation not the cold shoulder.One word: amazing!! Their pound cake is out of this world! We get a Stocks cake whenever we are in the area! SO GOOD!Just had my first slice of Stock's marble pound cake!  It's the best pound cake out there.
I made the mistake of not placing an order and was not able to get any of the beautiful Easter Egg cakes.  
FYI, it's a cash only bakery.  No debit cards either. And they have 6 lines so can handle the busiest rush with no problem.Pound cake......I gotta have it! I live in Clearwater, FL, it's worth the trip! Can't make a trip north w/o eating at least one whole cake!Stocks has been an institution my entire life. Never had better pound cake anywhere. Not even close. Also try the cinnamon raisin bread if you get a chance. They only sell it on certain days and sell out fast but toasted with a little salted butter with your morning coffee and you are in heaven.Outstanding pound cake.  Absolutely the best I've ever had. Cash only.I truly cannot imagine my birthday without a Stock's cake.  The pound cake is the star. Dense, rich and delicious.  Top it off with their signature vanilla icing and it's out of this world.  If you haven't tried the pound cake, you're missing out.In my opinion, this is the only place in Philly to buy a pound cake if you need to feed a dinner party or an entire wedding.  Heck, my parents in Maryland have me run over to Stocks (from West Philly) every time there's a family function.  Marble is my favorite.  Get two, put each in a separate bag and you can get a serious workout by doing curls on your way back to the car...you'll need it after eating a slice (or an entire cake!).  Stop at the MAC machine first...they only take cash.My family and I have purchased our birthday cakes from Stock's for as long as I can remember. It's the ONLY place to go to because it's that incredible. I recently moved to California and I look forward to coming home to stop by Stock's!The poundcake (heavier than a brick when you're carrying it out -- all that butter !!!) is delicious.   Marbled, plain, and with frosting (I prefer the plain.)I can only attest to their delicious cookies.  
One of the company reps that comes to my office every now and then brought these in for the holidays and boy oh boy did that make me :).  I took some home to share and we both really enjoyed them.  
The shortcake cookie was the bomb- soft and chewy on the inside and just slightly crispy on the outside.  Not to mention it was in the shape of a bell (perhaps the LIBERTY bell?!?).  
I'll have to go and check out their pound cake based on other people's recommendation.Can't really go wrong barging into a holiday party if you have this white brick in your hand. It is so delicious (and heavy) no one can resist. I have had it many times before, but this was my first time getting to the bakery. They were beginning to run low on regular pound cakes... but there was no issue even just hours before closing on the day before Easter. 
Will definitely keep this in my back pocket when needing to grab something very "Philadelphia" for a party... It is easier and cheaper than I thought!Oh my heavennnnn, if I could give is 6 stars I would. The pound cake the best thing since sliced bread. It's sooooo yummy!! I always get the white frosting, literally melts in your mouth!  Parking is breeze. Cash only!I'm not going to waste my time writing anything more than this: 
poundcake.
poundcake with frosting.
eat it. love it. seriously..worth the trip.Stock's bakery simply has the best pound cake in town and has been around for years.  Growing up in Philadelphia, pound cake has always been a treat for me, so I knew that when choosing a wedding cake, it had to be Stock's.  Although Stock's is known for being traditional, I was able to work with them and design my own pillars for a three tiered wedding cake.  With some fresh gorgeous flowers and pretty ribbon, we were able to create a fantastic combination keeping delicious traditional taste of Stock's cake, but adding a beautiful, modern flair to the look of it.  I couldn't be happier and all of the guests absolutely loved the cake.  Stock's cake hands down beats any fondant wedding cake out there. I will take the taste over look any day, but luckily I didn't have to sacrifice one for the other.  Thanks again for making such a beautiful cake!  The best news is that I can buy a pound cake every year to celebrate our Anniversary.Stock's Bakery lies. 
It is not a pound cake. It is more like a 3-pound cake. And every single bite is rich, buttery, and probably sinful in some way. Get the chocolate swirl, get the vanilla icing, get yourself into sweet nirvana.
So long, Sara Lee. You had the pound cake quadrant of my heart for so long, but now I have grown up and pledge my allegiance to Stock's.Stocks has been a family tradition. 
Everything has always been delicious.
What was really loved aside from their pound cakes is their butter cake. A friend and I went this past week and the butter cake was completely dry and absolutely no gooey butter. This has been happening a lot lately. Big disappointment.My co-worker introduced me to this bakery because I'm a Delaware County girl. The taste is phenomenal. Trust me! My palate is very diverse. I love these new designer cakes but many taste like garbage. However, this bakery makes buttery fresh pound cakes. I could eat eat a whole loaf. I had to pray to sweet baby Jesus to stop me!Pound cake will never be matched! Awesome!! Well worth the trip! I haven't given this pound cake to ANYONE who hasn't come back to say that it was the very best they had ever had. I usually purchase 10 or more every trip just to pass around to all our friends who've never experienced a Stock's pound cake. Once they've had it, theres
no going to another!!This review is for the pound cake because that's all I've ever had here. The pound cake is out of this world amazing. I have taken it to many dinner parties as a dessert and it's gotten unanimous praise. It's so buttery and delicious, especially good with an ice cold glass of milk. A few words of caution - don't be at home alone with one. You will not be able to control yourself. It's a blessing and a curse to have this so close to home!I just had my first pound cake from here and loved it! I'm not normally a fan of pound cakes, but this was different from any other pound cake I've had before. Tall (about six inches tall), dense, with icing on top. I brought it into work and my co-workers could not stop raving about it. I'll definitely be getting more.Fast, friendly service at this busy neighborhood spot. I like to go in for sticky buns and donuts. The pound cake is, in fact, awesome, which is why I never buy it. it freezes well, but I still manage to eat it all way too quickly. Try the chop suey - it's like a hot cross bun got in a brawl with a scone. Oh and the tea biscuits are a Philadelphia tradition done as well here as anywhere.My family has been drooling over and enjoying Stock's DELICIOUS pound cakes for years.  It's my favorite pound cake EV-ER.  You can slice this puppy so thin because it's so dense.  I now have many of the women at work addicted and my dad hooks them up as the delivery boy during the holidays.   I love sweets but you don't even need the icing (which is sooo yummy!) on the cake.  DEVINE : )The bakery was suggested to me by a coworker.  I found myself in the area for work and stopped in.  I bought a vanilla loaf pound cake and a chocolate frosted marbled pound cake.  I gave half of each to my mother and took my halves home.  I sliced them down thin and had to hide them from my kids pestering me for slices the rest of the night.  Family members sent me text messages asking me where I got the cake from after they had a taste of it while visiting my mom.  A whole loaf was about $10.  I don't carry cash so I did have to slip next door to get cash from the ATM (nice neighborhood variety store too!).  When I came back my order was bagged and ready to go.  A lovely community jewel.  I will tell others.  I did have to maneuver to find a place to park so be warned.My Dad gets cake for here for every family event.  It's really simple but we'll made.  The cake is always consistent and tasty.Be careful when looking for this bakery.  If you blink, you will literally miss it.  There is no awning nor any signs outside or in the window announcing their presence, minus a tiny sign in the window that you will miss if you're whizzing by in your car.
Every single time I ever went in here there were hardly any pastries in their display cases.  I actually thought at one point in my life that all they ever did was make cakes.  But, eventually, I did manage to get my hands on a doughnut, which turned out to be okay (not the worst, but also not the best I've ever had).
While growing up, anything I ever got from Stock's was their round cake: Christmas cakes, Easter cakes, and my birthday cakes from the time I was a baby until around the age of 27, so I believe my credentials are in order here.  
Yes, their pound cake is definitely one of the best I've ever tasted, but is it the best ever?  Not at all.  I never, ever had their so-called bar cake until my 20s - and that was entirely too heavy.  
After a long vacation, I recently had a taste of Stock's legendary pound cake and actually wasn't that impressed with it.  It's amazing what happens when you expand your horizons, try other things, and then come back to the thing you thought was so wonderful.
It was tasty, but the taste was flat.  It didn't jump out at me as other pound cakes have.  It was moist, though, I'll give it that.
Stock's IS good, but definitely not worth all this hype.  Sorry.My daughter is 41 years old the end of this week. She still request each birthday that she gets her Stock's birthday cake. She now lives in Washington D.C. I will be making a special delivery this weekend with her Stock's birthday cake.I have been eating Stock's poundcake for 15 years and it is awesome! Definitely gives you a sugar rush! I ordered a birthday cake from Stocks recently and everyone was blown-away. The poundcake is just so good and priced very well. 
Good to note that it is cash only. The building is pretty non-descriptive so keep your eyes out or you may miss it. And, if you can't get to their location, the poundcakes are sold through other buisnesses (the Newtown Farmers market in Newtown, PA (Bucks County) for example).Stocks has the best baked goods in Port Richmond, the best in Philadelphia.I have to cut a slice of the pound cake and lock the rest away so that I don't eat the entire loaf. One bite and all self restraint will vanish. Definitely would not stop in after setting your new year's resolutions. You'll be breaking them in a nanosecond. But any other time?  Stop in and get yourself some pound cake because it is the best. Simple, buttery goodness.  It even made me feel better after a 3 hour quantum final in undergrad.  Now that takes talent (or just really good baking skills).Amazing pound cake! People queue up for these. A must try. I've been enjoying stocks for 40 years. Cakes feel like a pound -  so dense and delicious. Cash only.A friend and I took a rode trip from South Jersey to visit Stock's bakery...where we heard was know to have the best pound cake ever. 
Well.....I must agree!!! It was well worth our trip=) 
If you've never been and enjoy pound cake. You Gotta Check them out~Best pound cake...a coworker gave to me and I brought it home to San Francisco.  Travelled well, fresh and delicious.I'm sorry, I just ate some Stock's poundcake and I cannot remember my name... 
Yeah, it's that good. Foodgasm at it's finest. 
Now I have to go - the rest of the cake is calling my name from the freezer in my lame attempt to avoid the inevitable: eating this until I get sick.  
Good Day.This is the best pound cake in the world!!!! I get it for every holiday. The birthday cake is good too. This place is highly recommended by every body in the Philadelphia region. It is a definite a must try place!!!i can't believe that i am the first reviewer for stock's! the best poundcake and buttercake in philly and my favorite tea biscuits (35 cents each). so good! i used to drive with my mom from south philly to 'the northeast' (little did i know at the time) just to get their cakes. we're italian and always go to isgro's and termini's for mostly everything, but stock's has those non-italian baked goods that are oh so good....if you dont know by now...you've been missing out on the best pound cake anywhere near Philadelphia. 
around the holidays expect a line out the door.
but expect your wait to be justified.
fantastic donuts I've been eating since i was a baby.
terrific cookies, everything made on premises
but the standout item from this port richmond keystone is obviously the pound cake.
and for under $10 you can not beat it.
just remember to grab a fewBest Pound Cake anywhere!!! Yummy butter cookies, tasty doughnuts, worth the 30 minute drive from my house to get a yummy pound cake. Stocks is also a great bakery because the pound cakes are deliverable. you can deliver them and send them through the states to other relatives and even to soldiers overseas!! My mom shipped 2 loaves of pound cake to my brother who was in Afghanistan and he received it and it tasted just the same as it wouldve if he was home! I would definetly reccomend Stocks to any one who never had it!!The best pound cake.  The lemon meringue pie is reasonable and very good.  Counter staff was friendly every time I went.Stopped in at Stock's for the first time. Had to try their pound cake. Purchased the cake with the chocolate frosting. It is very good, but I would not call it exceptional. Great selection of very fresh pastry and rolls.Stock's Bakery does indeed make the best pound cake in the nation.  I believe that.
Ive also recently found their butter cakes to be authentic!  It's few and far between a good butter cake that should be flaky and buttery but gooey inside this shallow tinned cake which goes for just over $3 and enough sugar to set your whole family on the road to diabetes. ;)
Last time i grabbed a few fresh donuts as well and found them to be excellent.  So, this is a regional gem.  We must cherish it and never let it close!So... You remember that Seinfeld episode with the soup nazi? Stock's is kinda like that; only with Cake!!!!
The counter folks are less than friendly, the options are less than bountiful but the iced pound cake is to die for!!!
Stock's is closed Mondays FYI.I use Stocks to my advantage........once you take one to someone they will always invite you back.......I have picked up many of the pound cakes over the years and have given them to people outside the area.........they go crazy for these.......I see a lot of people come back to this area just to buy one two or even more........as I am writing. .....I am going to get one and take it to my friends in nj.......they are excellent. ...Great pound cake.  Was doubtful at first, but after ordering a cake for my husband's birthday.  I'm convinced. Highly recommend.A great bakery. Our family has been getting pound cakes and butter cakes for years.  They are always requested of me, when I travel to visit my family that has moved from the area. As with any bakery, get here early.Without a doubt the best pound cake in the world. The only problem is when people at work know I am going I have to pick up cakes for everyone.Butter cake. Cookies. "Off-Boston" creme donughts. And of course, the legendary pound cake... There's a reason this place is iconic. Cheap, excellent, fast, lovely service.Excellent quality pound cake. Consistently dense and lucious. If you want to know why people love this bakery, check it out for yourself and join the majority of customers with discerning tastebuds, who have discovered the difference between very good and simply AMAZING.this place is so famous! and for good reason, everything is AMAZING! their pineapple cheesecake is beyond wonderful & its less than $3.. for a whole cheesecake! their hard chocolate chip cookies with walnuts are to die for... just be sure to get there before they run out!I stopped here for the first time today after my boyfriend brought home a Stock's pound cake the other day. 
As others noted, there are TONS of "Cash Only" signs. Like, all over the place. The signage doesn't bother me, but I am one of those people who pretty much never has cash (for example, today I had a whopping $4 in my wallet. Luckily the b/f had enough cash to cover us) and so I think cash-only places are a bit inconvenient, for me at least. 
It smells WONDERFUL when you walk in. It immediately brought me back to my teenage years working in a bakery. They have four lines for you to wait on, which makes transactions move rather smoothly. There were only about 4 other patrons in the store when we went in, so it wasn't a big deal, but I can imagine this being really helpful when the place gets crowded. The one weird thing I noticed was that it was weirdly silent...no music playing or anything. I felt like I should've been whispering or something. 
Ok, onto the pound cake. As I mentioned earlier, my boyfriend brought some home the other day, and oh my god. Initially when I heard about people talking about Stock's pound cake, I was kind of like, "eh, it's pound cake." Like, how impressive can pound cake be? But, WOW. I guess I never had strong pound cake feelings before because I was eating mediocre pound cake. I can't even really describe what was so good about it, just that it was GOOD. Wait, the only part I actually didn't like was the icing (and this is coming from someone who LOVES sweet things). The cake itself was so perfect that I don't think it even needed anything else on it, plus I thought the icing was OVERLY sweet and kinda "crunchy," if this makes sense. 
So, we bought another pound cake today to bring to a friend's house tonight. And I picked up a Boston Creme donut, which was also wonderful! I'm planning on going back with a lot more than $4 to try some more of their baked goods.My family has been going to Stocks since before I was born.  All our birthday cakes came from here while me and my brothers were growing up.  I have only had cake from here, no cookies, pies, etc.  That being said, the cake is good.  The pound cake is nice and buttery, very dense.  The icing is sweet, very sweet.  I like how you can buy a loaf with vanilla or chocolate icing to mix it up a little bit.  Also, the prices are reasonable.  A small, maybe 10 inch, cake was only $20.The famous pound cake was DELICIOUS! Perfectly soft and dense with a great buttercream frosting. I only tried the plain vanilla and loved it--and I'm neither a big vanilla nor a big pound cake fan. Definitely an inexpensive and tasty treat to bring to a party to share. The one we had stayed fresh for a little over a week (and disappeared before it had a chance to go stale!). I didn't refrigerate it, just left it wrapped in cellophane on the counter and it was fine.
I also tried their cookies, which were good but not amazing. The shop is definitely worth a visit--it feels like you're taking a step back in time. Lots of white flour, white sugar, old-timey sort of treats. Not so great if you're a huge chocolate fan.THE BEST DAMN POUNDCAKE EVER!!!!! the texture was so moist and the frosting on top was just the right amount of sweetness. Friendly staff and a relatively small store. It seems like it is often busy.~I just moved in on the same block, & noticed the hordes of people lining up on Friday/Saturday before Easter. I had to see what Stocks Bakery was all about.. 
First impressions: Upon entrance it was like walking into my grandmamas kitchen as a child for desert time at a big family party. Mesmerized by the assortments of pastries & cakes on display, all the while drooling from my mouth, & the aroma teasing my sense of smell. 
 I decided to go with the traditional white icing pound cake(pictured)...im not lying when I say a slice of this pound cake was so devilishly delectable, I had a 2nd slice & went to Heaven. I am looking forward to going back to try a new treat, after I have a chance to work off those previous slices of pound cake. 
Recommendations: Stocks Bakery is fairly easy to walk by with a small decal & window, inside décor is a bit dated, but I guess it adds to the 5 generation family owned business nostalgia. I would personally add a POS system to increase sales & customer base, but then again I can understand the "old world" way of doing all cash business. 
The Don approves of this establishment & will be back~I will not eat pound cake from anywhere else, ever. Wish it was in a better area but well worth the drive!I love this place and their top-notch cakes and confections. And yes...that damn pound cake is the best around.Stocks has hands down the best Lemon Meringue Pie I have ever had and not to mention their staple Pound Cake is delicious.  Chocolate  Swirl is better than just the regular pound cake.  
Most holidays the line is out the door, make sure you get their early to get your dessert of choice.
They also have excellent prices, most times I go I get at lest two of the Lemon Meringue's and One of the Chocolate Swirl pound cake.
Check them out, Philly's Finest.Called to order a cake for relatives that are coming in from Louisiana !
However when I asked about a rainbow of colored flowers was told I could only pick one color 
Then when viewing pictures on yelp almost every birthday cake shown has multiple colorsWho doesn't love some stock pound cake? If you don't, something is wrong with you. Stocks is a Philadelphia institution, I grew up on the stuff. Today I was there picking up a cake. It turned out great as usual. I will continue to support this small business. They over other sweets like cookies and donuts as well. They do lose a star for being cash only. It's 2017, I hate having to go to the bank or wawa to get cash. Great memories with this place though. 5 stars for the product itself but 4 stars overall.You won't find better pound cake anywhere else.  Their raisin bread and butter cookies are to die for, too :-)Absolutely the best pound cake ever! Their birthday cakes are decadent and colorful and the cake itself just makes your mouth water!Best pound cake in the city. There no one even close. Trust me!The pound cake is crazy good. Best I have ever had. Not overly sweet. Soooooo good. Great cake. U can order day before and it's ready in the morning. Try the ginger snap cookies and the cream donut too. Enjoy!!Pound Cake...'nuff said.
OK, not really. Everything I've ever tried here is really good, and since I used to be their UPS driver for many years, they were some of the best customers I had as far as being nice etc. The only thing I can knock is the location. From any direction you're either crossing Aramingo ave in a crappy area, or worse, navigate up from Richmond street. Aside from that they make the best pound cake ever.BEST. POUNDCAKE. EVER
enough said!Mmmm didn't even realize I liked pound cake this much until I had stocks.  Moist, rich, dense and the perfect vessel for some strawberries and whipped cream.  A great treat!the pound cake was good, but the problem I have is that my husband walked in this place and they act like they did not want to wait on him , the customer service is very bad  if you are of a different background we will not be back . do not go to this place lost a lot of points with us. if you want bad customer service go here but I would stay out.