My girlfriend hates it and thinks it's tacky.  But I kind of love it.
I especially love coming here when it's completely dead - you get to sit on a couch in a really fun and visually enthralling atmosphere and sip on cheap beer and cheap bar food. Great pierogies!
It gets very very crowded on busy nights, and very very smoky.rating is strictly for ambiance and charm. 
i came here once with a group of friends on a Thursday night i think.  it was awesome. there was barely anyone else in there and my friends ordered a few drinks from the bar. we were really there just to hang out with each other and it was a great place to do that.  as i don't drink, i had a few glasses of water and played a few games of pool.  yup, we had a whole pool table to ourselves. we also got to suck on some lollipops, and play with some little quarter machine toys :) it was a happy time! 
they have cool decor, like an old cigarette machine, a car from some sort of amusement park ride, old sofas, and some kind of old machine... among other things. 
they also apparently have a pierogie night! i love pierogies. 
i think this place is cute to just chill with friends. i dont know what its like on weekends, but i had a great time here.Dude, for serious.  Half priced samiches and dollar 16 oz. PBR on Sundays.  That, and tots wid wizz.
What is lost in hearing capacity and breathable air is gained in the pocketbook.  You will NOT go home hungry, thirsty, or poor after a night out at this bar.Okay...so maybe this place does try a little too hard to be a dive bar. But I think it's the location that prevents it from achieving this "goal". Being in Old City, it's bound to catch the overflow when bars like Bleu Martini and Lucy's reach critical mass. (And speaking of location...I have absolutely no idea where this bar is).  Yeah, I've been there numerous times with friends - but if you dropped me into Old City right now and told me "Find Sugarmom's"...I'd be about as clueless as a snowman in hell. I'll look at the address after I finish writing this. Anyway, have you ever dreamt of paying someone to let you drink overpriced beer in a dark underground cave with nudy-mag clippings on the bathroom walls?  Well, this is your place!I really do want to like this place, I do. I blame it on the Old City location for why I can't stand the clientele here, which is why- unless i'm in the are or meeting friends that I won't make an effort to go here especially since it mimics the specials at it's cuter sister- Tattooed Mom's basically.
The menu is solid fare, you can't go wrong with Perogie night ever- just don't skip on the A-1 sauce!Some yelper wrote about Sugar Mom's: "It makes you feel as though you're trapped in an underground circus from the '80s and that you can't get out."
How awesome is that?!  It's exactly what makes this place great.  It's not just a big room with a bar and a crowd.  It's a unique atmosphere and has a style all to its own.  
Plus it's tucked back into a corner and hard to find if you don't know the area.  Let the creepers go to places like Red Zone, Plough, and all the other scummy dance bars.  I'll chill out on the couch at Sugar Mom's in between playing some video golf or pinball.  Perfect.I'm pretty sure they've officially changed their name to "Sugars" - the bartender told us a funny story about why :-) Hahaha apparently too many obscene phone calls from men looking for sugar momma's?
Anywho, this bar is very kitschy and fun.  It's full of old carnival stuff like old bumper cars and signs.  There's a working pool table and Nascar pinball machine, both of which are only $0.50 to play (the bartenders are very willing to give you change for cash).  They have pretty good drink specials, but only on certain days of the week, so read the signs carefully.  Friday and Saturday are 1/2 off drafts.  Thursday is $0.50 pierogi night.  They have a limited food menu (mostly fries and the like).  There is a veggie burger on the menu, but *Caution!!* vegetarians - it is a frozen patty that they heat up to-order.  Not an option for me.  I've got a freezer full of frozen veggie burgers; I'm not paying a huge mark-up to have someone reheat it for me :)
So don't treat Sugars like a restaurant, treat it like a pub that has a few snacks.  If you go in with that mindset, you'll probably love it.  All of the staff I've encountered have been super super friendly.  Love it!Take:
Everything I love about T-Mom's
Subtract
Hot tatted up dudes I want to bang (cuz this place really has none of those)
Add
Curtis Mayfield on the jukebox (If there's a hell below, we're all gonna go...and you're all gonna hear that song every time I'm here)
Subtract
Smoking area (Who cares?)
Add
So many bros!  (Is goth bro totally crying because he thinks we're together?)
Equals
Awesome town night, every time.Sugar Mom's is like the home for mistfit toys. I cannot articulate my feelings for this bar any better than that.
The crowd is okay, this is probably the easiest place to be in Old City and one of the cheapest. Maybe it's that I'm not single anymore, or that I've been on a hipster overdose the last year I've lived in Philly. But I just don't like it here. I haven't been here in months, so I'm just judging on my prior experiences. The music is okay, the cheese fries are cheesy, and since, as of last time I was there, you can't smoke inside anymore, it's a little better. Hence, two stars. 
But if someone proposes going out to Sugar Mom's now, I am absolutely going to groan "Booooger Mommmmsss?". And then stay home in my jammies.How underwhelming this place has become since changing its name to Sugars. They have the most unimpressive draft list of only five beers. They have a small menu, but good luck getting anything. This place ran out of almost everything on the menu and that's pretty pathetic. I miss the days of Sugar Moms and hope this bar gets their act together.Gross. Gross. Gross. 
This place is not what it once was. When it opened, well over 15 years ago, it used to be a kitschy, hipster basement gameroom/bar with cozy seating, fun ambiance and great beers and food. Now it is a silver colloidal/tetanus/penecillin shot away from the CDCs high alert list. 
I don't think the beer lines or the taps are cleaned nearly enough, nor are anyone's hands who wait on you. It's in the basement for a reason. Many of them, and inappropriate relationships are only one of them. They should jump the gun and start stocking up on canned goods and meds now.I love Sugar Mom's and its sister bar Tattooed Mom's on South Street. I guess the fact that at both bars you can play with plastic frogs and the copious amounts of dum-dum pops reel me in. Sugar Mom's is a bit different, a bit more like someone's basement. There are arcade games and a pinball machine. It is a perfect place to go with friends or even with a significant other if you want a nice funky atmosphere. They also have good deals on drafts and the best Tom Collins I have ever gotten. I will definitely visit Sugar Moms again in the future, a-ok.I like Sugar Mom's just fine although it sorta seems as if you're in some weird underground tunneling system where some English ghost stories are told.
This whole underground design lends itself to the idea that you're in your friend's parents' rec room/basement that you're not supposed to be in but there's video games and cheap beer there. And you know that upstairs there's a bunch of people you don't want to talk to, so you stay down there anyway.
This place is a nice reprieve from the club kids in Olde City and 2nd Street which gets ridiculously packed on the weekends. Do yourself a favor and go to AKA Music on 2nd street (if it hasn't changed location again!), walk down the cobble stone road across the street and find this place.LOve it here we usually start out here and usually go out with like 5-10 people so great bc they have alot of couches and chairs food is good drinks are good always have beer specials music is terribleeeee it does get crowde after like 10 and is smokey cool place to start out your nightFavorite bar in the city, hands down.
I went here for my 21st birthday because I saw they had strongbow cider on tap. When they saw it was my birthday they gave me a free drink, plus a discount to everyone in my party who bought a round. The veg burger is yummy and they [surprisingly] have a lot of vegan options as well as the usual bar food. But I don't come here for the food, I come here for the Strongbow. Especially at half off from 10-11pm every night :D
If you are into dive-y or hipster-y bars and are willing to go down a creepy cobblestone street to find this place, you will NOT be disappointed. It is never too crowded because the space is fairly large, service can be a wee bit slow during the special but always very friendly, and prices are reasonable. The music is always great (jukebox selection is quite good), and it feels like you are in somebody's basement but in a good, retro way. Sometimes it gets really hot, but that rarely happens because it's never terribly crowded.
I just love this place so much. If you like a chill, kitschy, dive-y atmosphere with a decent selection and reasonable prices, Sugar Mom's is well worth a visit. I almost don't want to give a good review because I want it to be my little secret, but they deserve all the business they get.I hate to even tell everyone about this place because I love it most when it's deserted. Pinball. Lots of nooks with comfy chairs, couches, & cars!, a piano "bar" with a tv in front, a jukebox selection that surprises everyone, and the best damn tator tots in the city! Pinball. Cool basement-like atmosphere, hipster dive with a nice selection of beers and friendly staff. Pick up a crayon, a sharp key, or a sharpie and mark your spot anywhere in there. Last time I visited, there were temporary tattoos and toys spread about the place. Oh yeah, and they have a couple pinball machines, PacMan, and a pool table, happy hours specials and all that. I like it best when it's early and all to myself. It gets packed later at night, bouncer/cover and all that garbage.Sugar Mom's is the weaker link to Tattooed Mom's.  Maybe that has something to do with being smack dab in the middle of Old City.
It's probably better on weekday nights, but avoid on the weekends, unless you want to spend your night elbowing a bunch of suburbanites trying to be cool.As a big fan of dive bars or bars off the beaten path. This is particular bar is up there for me. Not only for the PBR and Ms PAC MAN but for the atmosphere that regulars present there. I usually rolled in there 7 to 10 deep with a group of British girls and guys,and stumbled out with twice as many people to head to the next bar. It is definitely a beneficiary of its location. It has a specific clientele and attracts the right mix of  people which makes for a great feel to either party and get drunk or just chill and get tipsy with  a group of friends for a fun night. Every so often you get that frat guy or suburb crowd who cant control themselves but it not one of those bars where you have to put people in the sleeper hold to get past them from the bar to the bathroom and back. Its a popular yet pretty chill place where if you aren't an idiot to the bartenders they take care of you and make your 10 or 15 dollars stretch for a few miles.(i think i paid for a PBR and a couple of shots ,it was maybe 4 or 5 bucks at the most). Any mix drink you order is going to be worth your money, i am a big fan of the long...ahem..STRONG islands maybe the best outside of making it yourself or a gay bar lol. I suggest the weekends though weekdays are pretty good too,but be sure you get the right directions because its in the cut and hard to find if you are either new to the city or drunk and never been there. Trust me i have been there many times and i still get turned around lol.But thats what makes great its not easy to find. Enjoy!!I like hanging out here.  Cool seating and a good juke etc.   Prices are reasonable.
The only problem with this place is because it's a basement bar that I do not have cell phone signal so I keep having to go upstairs to txt or call someone and that gets to be very annoying and ruins the place for me, even though it's not the bar's fault it's still a major issue.The best spot in old city. 
It's like tattooed moms without the ambiance and in a dark basement tucked away off of the main road.
i'm pretty sure they have the same specials as tmoms (pierogies, weekend $1 pbrs). 
there is a pool table, cool decor and seating.
it's like the grimy basement you used to have band practice in. 
a pretty solid jukebox (though i've seen better).
a good place to have a birthday because the place is pretty spacious. i feel like everyone (including me) have had at least one birthday here.
there's nothing that stands out really about this bar except it makes me feel at home and comfortable. i like that's it's an oasis in the middle of a bunch of lame bars. i always see people from about 34083094203 of my different social circles so i always have fun. it's in between north and south so it's a good place to get my friends from both sides of the city to meet in between.Everything about my experience here was great. Good beer, very friendly waitstaff, good vibe on a Saturday night. Plenty of room to sit, stand, hang out, etc. There was a little car that drunk people kept getting into.
I was with a group of cool people, but I imagine it could be a bit post-fratty depending on the night.this is my regular haunt.  My absolute favorite place to be with my friends on any given day of the week.  great drinks, great prices, the best cheese fries in the world, an amazing bar staff, a good jute box, plenty of room to walk around.  Ive been going here for a good few years now and chances are i will continue to do just that.  There is a special spot in my heart for sugar moms.  this bar has become less like a bar are more like a comfortable second home for myself and some good friends.When we texted LC to ask where to meet up for drinks on our last night in Philly, she didn't hesitate to pick a spot. Sugar Mom's. Hux and I got there early; LC was waiting for her boyfriend, Beau, to get off work. We had just left Oyster House, so we were full, half-drunk, and a little flighty. 
Sugar Mom's is a vault, a tomb, a veritable catacomb. But once you descend the long steps into its labyrinth, you realize it's a really fun and kitschy catacomb. Playful novelty lights line the black ceiling; hipsters in skinny jeans awkwardly shoot pool in the corner; long bars stretch behind beaded curtains; and these beautiful brick building-supports create a clever arrangement of walls and dividers that turn the whole bar area into a pleasantly dizzying maze. 
Huxley and I grabbed a couple IPAs and found a quiet spot in the back behind the pool tables next to an empty old vintage bumper car. I put our coats and scarves in there and we tucked down into a couple well-worn black pleather armchairs. I shifted mine a bit to the left to get closer to her. "This is... neat," I said, eyeing the twinkling string lights and sparse sitting areas around us. I plucked a menu from the three-tier post-modern table in front of us and perused the offerings: typical bar fare, burgers and fries and such. I plopped the menu back down and thumbed a tiddly-wink across the table. Hux shook her head. I then spun a little top sitting there, a really good spin, and watched it go and go. 
"You're a jerk, you know that?" she said without regarding anything I was saying or doing. Apparently this had been stewing a while; I was completely unaware. 
"Well, yes, darling, I do know that... but what have I have done recently to remind you?"
"I'm not your possession. You think you can command everything. You think everything's in your control. But you don't get to just dictate everything... you're not nearly as charming or honest or manipulative as you think you are."
I slugged back half my IPA and watched some plaid-crested flop-haired mod kid racket the cue ball off the pool table. It bounced twice and rolled toward me. I leaned down, fetched it, and tossed it back. 
"Hux..." I began, but before I could even formulate a reply LC and Beau walked in. Hux jumped up to greet her cousin. I'd never seen LC before, not even in photos. She's a lovely creature, reminded me a bit of Peggy from Mad Men. But cuter. Beau was a strapping stud, dark and quiet and intense. They were perfect. I politely stood and introduced myself. Such wonderful timing. 
Beau and I hit the bar and grabbed more drinks and ordered some pierogies and mozz sticks to snack on. As we were chatting, I was replaying the almost-talk Hux and I had just had in my head. She launched into me, but the situation left me without opportunity for rebuttal. This displeased me. 
We got back and got seated and it was evident that Hux had been discussing something (me and my many failings, presumably) with LC. Girls... I didn't let it sway me. "This place is great, LC," I said, sincerely. "I love this clash of old-vs-new that all these places have. Northern cities have this pervasive history that just seeps into everything." LC agreed. She had gone to school in Asheville, down my way, so she knew both worlds. "I like the south, too," she said. 
"Oh, absolutely. I love my city. Cities like Philadelphia are wonderful, but they're predictable. Their identities are established. You know the feel, you know what you're going to get." Beau looked over and nodded in agreement. "Southern cities," I continued, "haven't had time to sort themselves out. Not Charlotte, at least. It's grown up fast and is always evolving. The people there are inventing it every day. My town shifts and changes all the time. It's not a sophisticated old man, it's an impetuous child... like me." 
LC laughed and Beau nodded. I looked over at Huxley and she was staring straight through me. A cute little maven-haired waitress wandered over and plopped down our baskets of fooderies. Hux grabbed a mozz stick and Beau and LC each plucked a pierogi. I just swigged my beer and kept staring at my girl, that girl, this moody little strumpet, thief of my heart, tempter of my every most debilitating insecurity... wounder of my very soul. 
Some of the marinara from her cheesestick dripped down from her chin and landed on the breast of her dress. She jerked and cursed loudly. I reached down, grabbed the dipping cup, turned it toward my chest and poured the entirety of it down the front of my sweater. Without taking my eyes off her, I pressed it in and smeared it all around. She didn't say it, but I could tell. I'd turned her back around. 
A few minutes later I was up in the bathroom washing my shirt in the sink. The whole men's room is wallpapered with softcore cutouts of nude women. I checked out skinny blondes, large-breasted brunettes, untrimmed Asians, fiery mules...
None of them could hold a candle to Hux.I love Sugar Mom's, it's the sister bar to Tattoed Mom's on South Street.  It was a former sugar refinery and some the equipment is still there.  It's tucked away in Old City.  The waffle fries are amazing and you can sit in bumper cars for those real heart to heart conversations.  There are free cheapy toys they leave out for customers.  The only downfall is that the bathroom is located on the first floor where you come in, where the bouncer is, so you have to walk up stairs which makes for some messy situations.
2/2008
ETA:  I'm sure there's people out there who are grateful that you can still smoke in Sugar Mom's, I am not one of them.  I'm a non-smoker, I still love this bar but I think it's time for me to find a new favorite.  I don't like smelling like cigarettes and probably losing some time off my life, all for the sake of socializing.  Maybe it's better during the afternoon, I haven't been then, but perhaps it's worth a go.Sugar Mom's is still the best.  My week is not complete without a hump day late night happy hour visit in the basement cave.  10-11 half priced drafts is the best.  Their food is pretty legit and cheap for bar food, too.
After the renovations, beer prices went up pretty significantly.  BUT, the atmosphere and staff still make it totally worth the extra $1 you might spend.  What do you expect when you're in the middle of old city?
My advice to you: go on a non-weekend day and tip generouslyI really like the location of this bar, it is down a little side street and in a courtyard. I don't think I would agree with some of the other reviewers. In my opinion, it's not scary or really even a dive bar. It is in a basement and with the massive brick columns I think it is much more intimate than a bar of a similar size. They have a cool decor of old carnival type things. There is plenty of seating and I felt like it was very cozy.  
The food was OK, but nothing special. I had a burger and my friend had a chicken sandwich. My burger was a bit burnt but it wasn't bad. Overall it was just unremarkable, not great and not bad. I would recommend it to anybody in the area looking for a drink or some food.Sugar Mom's is only a so-so establishment, especially compared to the other bars in the Olde City area.  The first time I went, I searched desperately for this place, which is quite difficult to find.  It's tucked away at the back of a parking lot off of the North side of Market Street.  You basically have to go with someone who's already been there if you hope to find it quickly.  
Upon arriving, my friends and I descended into a sweaty, smelly basement of a bar, which, at the time, was full of cigarette smoke (thank goodness the smoking ban went into effect pretty soon thereafter).  Despite the fact that the bar is basically in a factory cellar, it is charming, with places to sit, low-hanging brick ceilings and brick columns, juke boxes, and games like pinball and pool.  
After fighting our way to the bar, my friends and I did manage to get some pretty cheap (although not the best quality) beer and mixed drinks, and we had a good time enjoying the juke box music and meeting new people.  I do admit, this place is packed with 20-somethings on weekend nights, so it's a good place to go with your friends.  However, it was a bit of a meat market, so be forewarned if you don't like skeezy guys trying to cop a feel as you work your way through the crowd on your way to the bathroom.  Also, at 25, I felt like I was a bit too old for the rest of the crowd.
In all, however, I had fun and returned with my friends on a Thursday night, and my experience was much less positive.  It took us less time to find the place this time around, but we still had to search a bit.  Then, the smoking ban had been in place in Philly for some time, but some scary looking older lady (who looked like the sun-baked old lady from "Something About Mary" - only worse!) was parked at the bar and puffing away at her Marlboro Reds.  Despite complaints from the other patrons, the lady continued to smoke inside, and the bartenders did nothing to get her to stop.  As someone with asthma, I didn't appreciate the flagrant disregard for the smoking ban or the fact that I left smelling like an ash tray.
Despite ye olde chimney up at the bar, my friends and I got some seats in the back, as far away as possible from the smoke, and ordered $1 cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon (a good deal if you like cheap beer) and some way overcooked cheeseburgers and fries.  It wasn't all that fun, and we left as soon as we finished eating to go somewhere better in Olde City.  Overall, I'd recommend this place for people who want to go on the weekend and who don't mind a meatmarket and/or illegal smoking.  This place, however, is really not for me.I love this place! From the Dozens of Robot pictures as you walk in, the staircase that leads down into what feels like a dungeon, in a nice way of course, the bumper car seating areas, the jukebox, the beer selection, the patrons, the location. Probably my favorite bar in the city.I've been here once, it doesn't seem like a place I would go very often. If I'm in this area, I would rather just go to Skinners. The atmosphere downstairs seems nice and fun, though. I don't usually order drinks for myself but I do recall my boyfriend having experiences where he would wait forever until he got the bartender's attention.Most definitely love this place. It can be hard to find, if you're not familiar with the area though. Definitely go there for happy hour. Half priced beers and $3 burgers on Wednesdays. And try the tater tots, They're delicious. Also, hot bartenders ;)
If you love this place, you'll love Tattooed Mom's as well.I liked coming here on sat nite when I was in philly.   A very well hidden place, its a place where people can come to relax, sit on the bar, converse with old friends, and order some very cheap stolis!.   A good hangout place if you want to get away from the worries of the world for one niteThis is a place you go to get hammered, smoke lots of ciggs, and eat greasy food.  It is around a corner, out of sight, and it is essentially an old brick basement.   Go when you're wearing jeans and don't feel like dealing with snooty clubbers.  I'll give it a 3.6!!This use to be my favorite place to drink. Their beer selection is ok, but not great compared to many bars in philly now. The food is pretty good too. The location is awesome. Cool underground vibe.This is a true dive bar. Located on a quiet street, it might be hard to find. Cheap drinks, interesting wall decor, fun props (a pony and a half a bumper car), and cool hipsters. Friends said there was a pungent and dank smell as they were walking down the stairs to the "basement party," but I didn't sense it. What I did I like was that this place was spacious, extremely casual, and a place to just chill with your friends over a nice cold beer. It's dark in here, but there are christmas-like lights that adorned the graffiti walls. Music plays on a jukebox, so it can be a nice mix of some low-key hip hop or some cool Nirvana, depending on who plays DJ. On the hightop tables and the bar were bowls of dum dum pops. I didn't partake, but I saw a few daredevils that tried those suckers.
They have half-off drafts between 10-11pm, but I came late to enjoy them. Boo on that, but duly noted for the next time I come here.Sugar Moms is a typical Old City slash Hipster joint with cheap drinks and a random ambiance..perfect place to stumble upon while you mosey through Old City any random eve with amigos..friendly people and a solid beer selection. Drink up!Definitly a cool dive/hipster place to go and ghet a cheap PBR and sit in a Bumper car.
But not a place you can go back over and over again.  Very unique and reminds me of partying in a Scranton basement during college  ( i think thats why I like it)As far as basement dive bars go, it's pretty neato.  Definitely refreshing for my crowd, you is repulsed by the typical Olde City bar scene.  The 10-11 pm special of 1/2 price drafts is awesome!  It's pretty loud down there but there is plenty of room to hang out.  The place was pretty crowded when we got there but we still had room for our group to sit and toss back a few.  Bartenders are super sweet too!I now realize why everyone is only so-so about Sugar Mom's.
The one other time I've been here, it wasn't crowded. This time it was. 
So much spiky hair and eyebrow piercings.My first thought when entering Sugar Mom's for the first time was "how did they get all of my random basement furniture without my consent?"
Dark, cool (temp wise), and quite possibly damp, Sugar Mom's is like returning to a high school or college basement party, including all walks of life. $1 PBRs, half off drafts 10-11pm, pierogi specials... seriously, what more could you ask for?
Each little nook holds another surprise. Bumper cars, a piano, old school video games, and a pool table are some of the items you may come across.
One of my favorite anti-Old City bars without a doubt.I would really only go here again if it was with a group and during happy hour.  There is no reason to pay $6 for a Yuengling draught, because the ambiance isn't that great.  
Sure, it's unique, and you can play a few arcade games and draw as many penises on the bathroom stall doors as your heart desires, but apart from that, Sugars is nothing special.  There are much better bars in Old City.sugar mom's has certainly had its ups and downs over the years, but it is definitely on an up swing. fun dive, reasonable beer prices, hosts of the unparalleled, annual split thy skull barley wine fest, and home to some of the longest-tenured philly bartenders, what more could you want?
oh and they have waffle fries. and an ass basket. and a beatthehellup pool table. and a surprisingly good jukebox that has been good for at least 12 years....A bar in the barstool district?  Who even knew there was a barstool district to begin with?
Sugar Mom's discreet location, basement level bar, and exposed brick walls give it a unique modern saloon charm.  By modern saloon I mean that it's kind of divey, but wouldn't go so far as calling it a dive bar.  Especially considering they've recently jacked up the prices up a good deal.
I'd suggest hitting up their happy hour, which features half off on all drafts...pulling some of those beer increases back down to reality.  Otherwise you get a steady stream of 90's music, pool tables, jukebox, and a very chill atmosphere.  
Sadly, I can't say that it's quite the same as it was a few years ago, though still worth popping in if you're looking for something a little more relaxed in Old City.Cheap drinks and great jukebox. What more do you want in a dive?Maybe I'm a bar snob. Maybe I just don't treasure broken down pin-ball machines. Maybe I'm just not hipster enough to appreciate foos-ball tables from 1985 with 26 years of accumulated grim to boot. 
It's dirty. It's dingy. It makes you feel as though you're trapped in an underground circus from the '80s and that you can't get out. 
There's nothing pleasant about resting elbows on sticky tables, or sloshing through puddles of spilled beer. There's nothing endearing about sweaty bodies rubbing up against one another...especially when you're not in a club. There's nothing fun about feeling suffocated with raucous odors of stale booze and sweaty bodies.Half-off drafts from 10-11 p.m. every night, you say? Well, all right then! (Strongbow Cider was my choice last Friday night.)
I finally made it to Sugar Mom's after hearing good things about it from friends. I'm glad I did! The music was good, the bartenders were friendly, and I like the space itself. (Not really sure about the flying penis stickers in the ladies' bathroom though.)Tattooed Mom 2.0? Not even close...
Sugar Mom's only has one major problem. Its in Old City! Along with being in Old City comes the club overflow, loud frat boys that know one Misfits song to sing along to, slutty girls that think they're God's gift, and so many more stereotypes that we all know an loathe. 
For example; little miss princess comes down the stairs with her friends. "Oh my gawd, ew. This place is so gross, why did we come here?" Followed by... "Lets just go back to Mad River." Or... a drunk girl from the suburbs pointing at the regulars and marking them down on their Hipster Bingo sheet. The regulars in this bar are treated like a sideshow.
I really like Sugar Mom's on the weekdays, its a lot more laid back and enjoyable. The same specials as Tattooed Mom and awesome bartenders. If you want cheap drinks on a weekday, go to Sugar Mom's. Stick to Tattooed Mom on the weekends.Sugar Mom's is great when it's not packed. but when it's packed I find myself really losing my cool and feeling claustrophobic. I like the vibe of the place when there aren't a ton of people here, but something about the dark, basement, and a couple hundred people I don't know really make my freak out when it's packed. 
The bartenders are sometimes difficult to access when it is packed (like more so than at other bars) I think it has to do with the placement of the actual bar in the space. 
I like the basement gameroom feel, but it's a bit dirty for me to handle- so if I end up here at the end of a barcrawl I'm fine, but sober me has some serious issues with the whole situation. 
So I give it an A-OK depending on your mindset you could love this place, or hate it, the choice is really up to you.Lots of really fun, really weird nights have gone down in this dark dungeon.  I always get a warm feeling when I walk directly down the steps and sit at a barstool. Maybe its the low ceilings, the dark atmosphere, the brightly colored lights and tiny little wacky decorations hanging all around.  It reminds me of Christmas.  
The couches and chairs, although tattered and torn, have provided me with a place to throw my useless crap I carry around with me, a spot to small talk with an old friend and a final resting place for my weary bones after attending hours upon hours of the annual Barley Wine Festival:
Split Thy Skull.
Split Thy Skull is a beautiful and extremely drunken day of tasting all the delicious concoctions that local and national breweries have to offer.  It takes place the Saturday before Easter every year and is something everyone should attend at least once.  (Mom Light drinkers need not apply)
Rookies beware- food is a must on a day like this and a constant flow of H20 in your body.  Don't try to be Johnny Kegstand at this type of event and survive off the cheesesteak you ate the night before.  They even supply free pizza and snacks, so take advantage.
Although recent gossip seems to have the same underlying tones of a "changed Sugarmoms", I could care less.  The day I stop going to Sugarmoms is the day I am no longer entertained by the genius musings on the bathroom stall.This place was really fun! Went here for new years eve and they had a bunch of fun and random props out like animal face masks and party hats. They had free food out as well. Love that they have a working juke box. The walls are all brick and previous visitors have written stuff all over with chalk. It has an old pub kind of feel since it's in a dark basement. They also have bumper cars to sit in! Very fun place.I always have fun here. They've got a decent selection of beers, and tasty food. It's not like most bars, It's kinda like a hang out. They have a really good juke, bubble hockey, pinball machines, and its also a cool place to shoot pool. When you go downstairs its all brick which also makes for a cool atmosphere.I'm being generous. But you have to be given the context of the neighborhood where this place exists.  Cheers to them for not being a douchey watering hole where bumping elbows with people dosen't mean a fight or a drink spilled on your girlfriend's head by a guy wearing a size-too-small v-neck.... which constitutes a fight. Cheers to this place for being on the other side of 2nd Street and cheers to this place for just being.  The atmosphere is dive-y, the service is prompt and the prices are affordable. 
When my stupid friends try to coax me to Olde City, we usually end up here.
Cheers.Tots. $1 pounders FRI/SAT 7-11. One of the best jukeboxes in the city.
In all the years sweet mama you've never disappointed.This is one of the better bars in Olde City.  It's got a pretty cool vibe, decent beer selection, and is overall a pretty decent spot to hang out.  When it get crowded, though, it can become unbearable.
When it comes down to it, they have a late night happy hour 10-11 everyday, and that goes a long way.  A few cool pinball machines and a pool table make this a fun spot as long as you can breathe.Cool atmosphere.  Good food.  Lots of tasty veggie options.  They have good drink specials and food specials.  Avoid pierogi night; the pierogies weren't good at all.  But the rest of the menu is much better than your average bar fare.It was one of my Besties' birthdays. He is one of those sassy hipster cats who drinks PBR tall boys because it's righteous. You'll definately fit in here if you have a septum piercing, skinny jeans on, wear plaid, are a graphic designer/artist or have some funky tattoos. Even though it was about 30 blocks away from the birthday boy's apartment, he picked this Sugarmom's. If you've never been, it's this basement style bar. Think secret club meets suburban basement party (you know you went to at least one in HS!). The place was surprisingly big and was organized really well. It's a great place for groups because there's clusters of coffee tables and chairs AND BUMPER CARS! Yes, I said it bumper cars that double as seats. Talk about a photo op session waiting to happen. There's also a pool table, juke box and pinball machine for more festivities. 
As for the bar itself, there was the standard 2-5 minutes wait to get a drink where you sort of look eagerly at the bartender. We mostly drank the $1-3 PBRs and had a round of Kamikaze shots. They were the biggest shots I've had in long time but tasted really good. Perfect for a birthday celebration.Oh Sugarmom's... what happened to thee?
A year ago, this was one of my favorite spots in the entire city. I loved feeling like I was boozing in one of my friend's parents basements. I would go there with my friends, throw some tunes on at the jukebox, write some jibberish on the wall with chalk, play drinking games with the little plastic toys left out on tables, and get sloppy drinking PBR. Now, since the smoking ban, Sugarmom's has turned into a smokers mecca. I admittedly do love that you can still smoke in there (I don't know how they don't get busted for it) but it seems like all the sleazebags in Old City have discovered Sugarmom's lenient smoking rules and now they've taken over. Go in on a weekend and it's packed inside, but the crowd is no longer a bunch of hipsters looking for a good time. It's a bunch of greasy guys in striped shirts and dirty girls in pointy pumps. They look around in disgust at the old bumper cars and dum dum lollipops as they take drags of their cigarettes. They sigh defeatedly at the jukebox when they realize that it contains nothing from the Q102 playlist. 
I hope the south Jersey crowd soon realizes that Sugarmom's isn't their cup of PBR. I want my favorite bar back!
(Side Note: Wednesday is half price perogie night-- ch-ch-check it outttt!)this place is fun, if you don't mind loud indie music and people that probably look down on you if you're not wearing thick-rimmed glasses, skinny jeans, and chucks. finding a spot at a couch is key. hell, finding a spot to sit is key in general. on weekend nights, it gets a little crazy. there can be as many as 5 deep at the bar, and the last few times i was there on a crowded weekend, there were 2 bartenders - so there was lots of elbowing for drinks in plastic cups. all in all, not bad. not my first choice though.awesome bar, cool jukebox (although people need to lay off the first two tracks of the cold war kids) and smokeability make this place what it is. a decent underground spot (plus it's literally underground)I am giving this place 3 stars instead of 5 for only one reason: Veggie menu. They used to have it, now they don't. I made an official complaint to the bartender, but I think he thought I was joking. It is hard to find cheap, trendy bars with much vegetarian selections. This USED TO BE one of my favorites. Luckily, Tattooed Mom still has their veggie menu. But what do I do when I'm in Old City??Hipster city in a smelly old basement with flair everywhere.  The furniture smells like Good Will.  Everybody was drinking PBR cans, I was looking for craft beer-the West Coast IPA kind.  I had one beer and moved on.Sugarmom's used to be my favorite bar in Olde City. As has been noted, it's literally underground, and was doing the retro thing before retro was so nowtro.
They still have one of the better jukeboxes you'll find anywhere, and they get major points for having an old school bubble hockey game (which could only be better if it was the cold war era USA vs. USSR version instead of USA vs. Canada).
A good selection of beer and decent bar food are also worth noting, in addition to the awesomeness of just being a basement bar with brick pillars.
The major problem I have with Sugarmom's is that they either ignore the smoking ban or are allowed some kind of exception. The funny thing is that I'm a smoker, but, I am used to not being able to smoke in bars and restaurants, and the second hand smoke was so bad the last time I was here I had to leave.
Also, the vibe felt a little strange the last time I was there as well. Maybe it's just because I'm old now. Who knows? Either way, it's still better than 95% of the rest of the crap in Olde City.PINBALL Alert ! ! ! 
Sugarmom's gots the following pins:
1)  LOTR (Lord of the Rings see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=4858)
2)  Eight Ball (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=760 ) 
Both in HORRIBLE condition.  Not worth the time or the money to play.  
Otherwise, Sugarmom's is an okay place to hangout.  Music was a little too loud for my tastes to chillout and have another beer and some dinner.  I was tempted to have an 8 oz. cheese steak for $8.00 and some waffle fries for $3.00, since I couldn't have either Pat's Steaks or Geno's Steaks.  The line at Jim's was ridiculously long and I only came to Philly to try some new things.   I'm glad I didn't eat here and made my way to Chinatown/Central Bus Terminal to buy my $12 ticket to NYC from New Century Travel (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/new-century-travel-philadelphia#hrid:1yMuskM0o_71MruWlD9n_A ) AND have dinner at the nearby PENANG Malaysian Restaurant (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/eaDZlSuVS0EY67Ke6pRP6Q#hrid:UEjutZTzbs7y4GtH0PX1Mg  ).  Penang was great.  Sugarmom's not so...
Highlights:
+ Graffiti is tolerated and I think welcome in this underground joint
+ Playboy centerfold wallpaper adorned with graffiti in the upstairs men's room
+ Japanese collage of MAZINGER Z and various Voltron-like robots in the upstairs foyer -- totally cool...
Unfortunatley, I wasn't able to make it to North Bowl (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/R0JUjyjGEzUlY3auVhY_tg ) to check out their pinball machines.  Maybe next time!
pix laters...
+My friend and I were looking for a relaxed place to grab some drinks and not feel under dressed in Tee's and shorts.
You immediately walk down stairs into the bar, and are greated by exposed brick columns, and your not so typical decor. There are many different seating areas scattered around, including a bumper car in one corner. You will also find a pinball machine, and an giant old sewing machine. 
The bar is a little small and wrapped around a brick pilar, making it hard to get to when crowded. Walls are covered in crayon markings. With mirror walls in one part and all the unqiue decorations, you get a feeling of being in a circus fun house.
They have a great late night happy hour, half off drafts from 10PM-11PM.
A great place to go to!I can't rate the bar because I don't drink but the customer service was good because someone came around twice to see if we needed anything.
There is a pool table here thta you can play with for 4 quarters; there is also a pinball machine.
And the cool part, you can ask for chalk to draw on the walls!
The atmosphere was pretty nice. Maybe I'll come back for more pool.Going back to this bar made me realize that I was not the demographic anymore.  Unless you've had a few drinks, are with friends, and stumble here after 11PM on the weekends, it looks like the basement of a weird relative.  Not a good happy hour spot but definitely a place to play the jukebox while drinking some good beers (or PBR tall-boys, your choice).split thy skull is a most apropos name for sugarmom's annual barleywine beer festival. after 5 straight hours of drinking 9.2% - 12% beers....my skull was most definitely split!
STS has taken place the saturday before easter for the past 14 years. i've only made it to 2 (so far), and this one fell on my boyfriend's birthday which only upped the ante on our celebratory drinking (and helped us garner a couple freebies, too!) umbrellas in hand...we waited outside in the cold rain, eager to get our drink on at 1pm.
once inside, we quickly learned there were 2 flights being offered, each with 4 beers apiece (all of which could be ordered a la carte as well), plus 3 standalone beers. flights are a fun way to figure out what you like best, so we did just that. they were all really good, with the highlights being the founders backwoods bastard (it tastes like scotch!) and the [non-flight] voodoo love child (tart & fruity). these beers are so delish, it's easy to forget how strong they are as we were downing them like they were [the strength of] miller lite. oops. 
good thing mom's provided complimentary snacks: pizza, hoagies and baskets of chips & easter candies. sadly tho, no peeps this year. ordering food (and drinks) off the reg menu is fair game during STS, tho we opted not to - who wants to fill up on food when you're there to drink?! they do have a full veggie menu featuring burgers, falafel & other like veg bar fare. it's all decent, tho i don't recommend ordering the veggie steak - it's essentially a crumbled up veggie burger, not faux steak as one would think. pretty weak. 
oh, and while the silly plastic toys & crayons remain a mom's mainstay, gone are the days of smoking in this once smoke-infested cellar bar - hallelujah!I had lived in this neck of the woods for sometime and had never noticed it.  In fact, if you didn't know it was here, you would never stumble upon Sugarmom's...and I like that.  
Sugarmom's is a great bar.  Located in an old sugar refinery, the huge open space is laid out with 'chillin' in mind.  Most times I am conflicted between going to bars or staying on my couch...Sugarmom's brings the best of both worlds with couches and chairs spread out throughout the bar.
The crowd here is very laid back and fun.  I would tell you to check out Sugarmom's but I dont want it turning into Drinker's, so I wont.Eh. Sugar Mom's is one of those trying to be a dive bar bars so 20 year olds can go there and think they're not pretentious pricks. 
The whole atmosphere is frat partyish. It's in the basement of an apartment building which really does make it feel like a frat party.  There were pinball machines but the bar was fairly crowded and they were sticky from spilled beer.
The beer list is actually decent (they have Lindenman's Framboise) and they had pretty good drink specials for being a Saturday night. From 10 to 11, there's late night happy hour which features half off drafts.
Overall though, not my scene. If I'm going to pay $20 to park in Old City, I want a martini and a scene.half price drafts on the weekends? oh yeahhh! This place is great! It's very cute with plenty to do. There's a pool table and table games and dum dums on each table. You're in a basement with odd seats like bumper cars around the walls. Great service everytime I've been tooI admit I was scared...
but after getting over the dark and scary basement-like atmosphere, it was kind of cozy. The reason I gave it 5 stars is because they have the BEST VEGAN BURGER IN THE COUNTRY - IMO. I'm no stranger to veggie burgers, and their version was a delicious, house-made, guilty-pleasure of a burger. Felt like I was eating at McDonalds, minus the wanting to run away part.
Can't wait to go back to Philly JUST FOR THIS BURGER!Has to be my favorite bar in Philly. Mainly because I have a wide range of friends and they all feel comfortable here. The decor is awesome with old arcade games and bumper cars. The bartenders aren't snooty.My experience at Sugar Mom's was for a friend's birthday. The plan was to stop in for a bit and then bar hop around Old City. However, the rain outside kept us at Mom's for pretty much the whole night. Awesome atmosphere, great specials on Wednesday (half off drafts 10PM-11PM), and a great jukebox. When you enter Sugar Mom's, you walk down a staircase into what feels like your buddy's basement. Think...the place Corey Matthews used to hang out at in Boy Meet's World. For the one glorious hour between 10 and 11 I had some great beer (Purple Haze, Lancaster Cherry What something or other), listened to some great tunes, and had a fun night with friends. People were ordering food that also looked pretty good, and I read that they have a pierogie special on Thursdays. Can't speak for the weekend (which I imagine must get packed), but overall a great time. 
P.S. The only reason that I knocked a star off is because their regular drafts are pretty expensive when not on special ($5 for a Yuengling) but they do have $2.25 cans of Genesee Yippie!Amidst the crowd of idiotic,testosterone filled bars of Old City, there remains one gem, hidden on a small sidestreet of cobblestone, called Sugarmom's. Here, instead of a 7 dollar Coor's Light bottle, one can purchase a beer and a shot for 3 bucks. Instead of taking elbows to the ribs like Ladanian Tomlinson, one can comfortably sit in a bumper car couch and actually HEAR the person they are conversing with. If you are a normal human, and get dragged into somewhere like Lucy's or Mad River in Old City by your friends, save yourself the time and go to Sugarmoms. Your Welcome. What's this inferior bar i mentioned all about? you ask, see my review. 
oh yea, the bathroom is covered with boobs too. so that is also awesome.Pretty sweet for my first dive bar. The place was difficult to find because its sort of hidden in a hidden alley (look for the Sugar Refinery) but maybe its because they only want people who really know about it to come?
The place looks like pretty much someone's basement but it also has that chill, laid-back homey feel with the Christmas lights, long couches, pool tables, and foosball tables. The waitress was friendly and the crowd seemed nice. Its not a very diverse place if you're looking for that kind of thing. 
In terms of drinks, the beer was pretty much $4 and up and the food was a bit steep. Come for the Pabst beer and perogies specials instead =)I like this place, especially for happy hour. 
People are always talking about something's for hipsters, or something they're looking to write home about. Really? How about just order a drink, enjoy it, and if you don't, then you don't.
It's definitely a place for chill folks, not those uptight ones expecting to see fireworks or diplomas on the walls of a dive bar.What happens when you clean up a bar that's supposed to be dingy, increase beer prices to New York levels, hatchet-chop half of the menu off, and remove most of your vintage video game machines? A bar not worth going to anymore. It was recently virtually empty at 9pm on a Thursday night. I'll be surprised if they're still in business in a year.What the hell happened to this place?  7 dollars for a Guinness? 6 bucks for a yuengling? where did bubble hockey and the vintage pinball machines and arcade games go?  This is the place you went for cheap drinks after an over priced meal in old city.  The fact that there were maybe 20 people in the bar at 10 pm on a saturday night is very telling. I hope the don't do the same "make over" at Tattooed Mom'sI'm a big fan of Sugar Mom's. It can get hot down there in the summer, but the atmosphere is hip and quirky. The jukebox is good and oh yeah half of draft's from 10-11!I have been a fan of this place for years. It is one of those places you can go and not worry about feeling out of place. The bartenders are very friendly and helpful. 
Sugar Moms is set in the basement of an old sugar refinery. The ceiling is low and the walls are exposed brick that have been covered in crayon graffiti. 
If you want a great night in Philadelphia without emptying your wallet, Sugar Moms is the place to hang.This has quickly become one of my favorite bars to go to in Philadelphia. It is a dive bar, that seems dirty on first glance, but is actually quite fun and charming. You can find old school video games and chairs, etc that will remind you of another time. The beer selection is okay. though the beer I get her just always seems tastier than elsewhere. They also have a bowl of suckers available at the counter to round out the experience. 
Though I would not go to Sugarmom's every night. I do enjoy sneaking away and ending up at here. When you first arrive it may feel like you are in the basement of a demented serial killer, but after settling in it almost feels like home (well technically if home is a trailer park where life froze in time in the 1970's). But it is charming. And definitely worth a visit at least once.