Loved it!! Beautiful place and great atmosphere. My favorite was the duck and the curried chicken dumplings.My boyfriend and I had an amazing, actually perfect, meal yesterday at SUGA. Every component of every dish was perfectly prepared. Rice and soup had perfect texture. Chicken was fresh and batter coating just right, probably very caloric but tasting light and not greasy. Everything came with plenty of flavor but nothing was cloyingly sweet, too salty, or over-seasoned as is so often the case for restaurant food. Dishes arrived hot but not scalding. Outstanding dumplings (popcorn pork as well as the chicken). Portion sizes were just right too, just a little more than one really needs so not meager but not overwhelming either. They nailed it. Will add that the service was prompt and professional and the atmosphere was delightful. Lovely interior design and we never had to raise our voices to have our conversation, which is something that's become rarer in the Philly restaurant scene.I've been to this restaurant a few times and never been disappointed. It hasn't been very crowded during my visits which I've enjoyed as it's rare to find a cozy upscale Chinese restaurant. 
I don't see the chicken dish I always order on the current menu unfortunately but the tuna tacos and the pineapple upside-down cake are luckily still on there. Both are extremely tasty. 
I definitely recommend this restaurant if you're looking for a low key date night or want a peaceful place to catch up with a friend.I have to say Susanna Foo' SUGA got the flavor right. I came here for lunch and ordered the beef bento box. The beef has such authentic flavor, it instantly brought me back home, to my mom's cooking. The beef came with a side of rice and steamed veggie. Simple, clean, and healthy. The portion was just right. 
The only thing is that it's on the pricier side for lunch. If only you can get the great flavor at a lower price!SuGa is lovely: fine attention to detail in the design of the, which feels clean and crisp and a little funky.
Crispy wonton tuna "tacos" were my favorite part of the business lunch: tuna was beautiful and cut neatly into tiny cubes; the wonton was perfectly fried (though it didn't stand up to the first bite, thankfully the avocado helped hold the pieces together till the taco was consumed).
The dumplings were nice and fulsome, though, whether due to the dipping sauce or the dumpling itself, less flavorful than those found elsewhere (e.g., Aki, whose sauce I have to stop myself from drinking).
The pork belly bun sandwich (2, regular-sized buns) had very nice, fatty pork belly inside, and the buns themselves were spot on, but it's "twist" meant no sauce, which I greatly missed: it adds a sweet tang to buns!
The bacon fried rice was nice and bacony (bits within and strips on top, along with a fried egg).
Prices seemed reasonable for the portions and its location: will return to try additional dishes.Did a great job doing fushion! A bit pricey but was worth it.I went with three of my friends for restaurant week dinner, which is about $45 after tax and tip. It seemed a little expensive because there weren't many vegetarian options, so I was stuck with a light salad and some cooked vegetables (cauliflower, carrot, zuccini), which wasn't very filling, especially for that price. The entree would be much better on a bed of orzo or rice or something, like the salmon. The chocolate cake at the end was also tiny and pretty tasteless. One of my friends got the squash soup, which was extremely sweet. The service was great though and the restaurant had a nice ambianceI went here for lunch on Friday and got the salmon bento box. For less than 15 bucks, you get a hot and sour soup, a small salad and a decent size piece of salmon. The soup and salad were fine. The salmon was excellent- impeccably prepared. Definitely a nice lunch spot.I went to SUGA for lunch. Lunch started out with the dumpling sampler. Each one was a tasty treat. The shrimp dumpling was my favorite but I enjoyed them all. My entree was the crabcake sliders, which were awesome. Tasty perfectly made crabcakes on a quality bun, with a sauce that complements it. 
When I saw how delicious the bacon fried rice (with cage-free fried egg, apple wood smoked bacon, roasted pork) looked on my lunch companions plate, I had to try some of that too. It tasted as good as it looked. I kept asking for more!
I'm looking forward to trying SUGA for dinner. If dinner is as good as lunch I will update this to a 5 star restaurant.Service: 5/5. Our hostess and waiter were great. They helped my husband execute a surprise for me without a hitch. They were very pleasant, helpful, and personable. 
Drinks: 4/5 I had a spiced red wine-perfect blend of spices and cider. Great fall drink. Hubby had an old fashion which he enjoyed but not the best he had. 
Food: 4/5 The dumpling sample was good. We enjoyed the tuna tacos better. Loved loved the lamb pasta. Definitely a dish that had favors that you normally don't get at other places. The stuffed whole Bronzino had big chunks of crab meat. The sauce was subtle and not overly sweet. The fish was perfectly cooked. The grilled asparagus was cool. I was expecting it to be hot. The big disappointment was the dessert. We got the poached pear with spiced cake. The pear was nothing extraordinary and flavor was flat. The spiced cake was overly dense and tasted dry. Overall though, we were happy with our meal.Phenomenal food . Got short rib noodles, goat cheese wontons and crispy sea bass. Sea bass was the highlight and a dish of Susanna Foo's we previously enjoyed in Radnor and in her old Center City location. This place should be packed! Go here!The atmosphere earns the stars for this one. In a city full of heartwarming, ahhhh-inspiring Chinese and Asian cuisine, this place ranked mediocre. However, the nice service, romantic atmosphere, and long cocktail list make up for the lack of food excitement. 
I went for brunch on a Saturday. No crowds! I ordered the Egg Fu Young, less the crabmeat. It was an egg frittata with veggies and a sweet drizzle on top. Good, warm, and filling for $12. My friend ordered the honey chicken and was pleased with the simple flavor. Veggies and cashews completed that dish. Both flavored simply, but tasty enough. 
I'd like to return and try more of the restaurant's offering. For now, decent lunch choice for me but plenty of other options throughout the city.Each dumpling was perfectly prepared: their sampler plate includes: chicken, pork, lamb, vegetable, shrimp & wild mushroom. AMAZING. An excellent balance of flavor & color. As amazing as I remember it to be in its former space as Susannah Foo.
Do yourself a favor - like dumplings? Get your butt (and the butts of others) to SUGAFood was good! We had the avalado scallion pancakes as an appetizer. Delish! I had the honey cashew chicken and my friends had short rib and duck (I think). They were not as impressed but I enjoyed my meal! Friendly wait staff, cool location.Very expensive, but also very good. The tapioca desert was amazing! The tables are so close together that it loses the feeling of a romantic date night. My boyfriend left still hungry, definitely worth checking out.Very nice place. Nice casual place-semi quiet noise level. Staff was very friendly and attentive. The prices were just right for a date night or family outing. And they honor the buy 1 get one free coupon for the establishment if you happen to have one. And this is a Japanese place.
The menu does not have too many selections. But they do well what's on it the menu. The  Soy Ginger Glazed Atlantic Salmon with
Coconut Couscous & Spinach was deliciously seasoned. The Crispy shrimp was perfectly prepared. Coconut Rice, Fingerling Potato, Caramelized Orange Sauce. From the side dish menu The Shanghai Bok Choy in Garlic Sauce. This was very good with the meal. We enjoyed this better then what came with the shrimp.
 I will be going back for the Sichuan Chili Shrimp Shanghai Bok Choy, Himalayan Wild Rice (Spicy). It sounds and looks very good.
Nice place for a relaxing Sat eveningWent here for brunch with a group of 8.  We were not disappointed by the experience.  Starting with the staff who were the friendliest I have experienced in a long while. They sat us immediately. Our son was with us and had made the reservations and boy did he make the right choice! The group all tried different flavored teas which were brewed perfectly. I had the bacon fried rice which was delicious.  I love the fried egg and crisp bacon on top.  The rest of the table had a number of different dishes. Needless to say all the dishes were empty when we left. I will  be making a return trip here next time we are in town.  Take your friends and enjoy a great place in the heart of Philadelphia !!!I enjoyed my meal here a ton. I am dumpling girl and those were right on. The popcorn pork ravioli had an awesome sweetness to them which made them hard to put down. After that, the mushroom dumplings were my second favorite. The entrees were all good also. I had the sesame chicken which was good, but I probably wouldn't order it again because the lamb sounded excellent. 
The prices are a bit high, but worth it. The service was very good also. I would definitely come back to try more things, but would 1000% recommend trying a dumpling dish.Upscale asian fusion tapas and cocktails. The interior is hip and trendy. There's a small bar with some really good cocktails. Definitely worth checking out for the dumpling sampler and the lotus cocktail.We went for restaurant week, and overall it was a good experience. Service was excellent and food was all quality. The appetizers especially were excellent - the mushroom dumplings, butternut squash soup, and salmon poke - all 5/5 quality. For entrees two of us got the short ribs, which we would probably rate 3-4 stars out of five. They tasted good, and the side of purple sweet potato was really tasty, but the ribs didn't have that super tender, fall-apart-on-your-fork-ness that I love about short ribs. Someone also got the mandarin crispy shrimp, and that was probably the most disappointing dish. Not too much sauce on the shrimp, and the side veggies were steamed with no seasoning. Nothing bad, but uninspired. Seemed like something you would get at any mediocre Chinese restaurant. Lastly, the desserts were alright. A little boring and nothing to write home about.
Not sure if we'd go back, but we do have pretty high standards for returning to restaurants. If the whole meals had been as good as the appetizers, I definitely would return and recommend to friends.Suga is a beautiful restaurant, delicious food and wonderful services. Will be back very very soon.Came here for restaurant week - bottom line, would not recommend. Had to wait a bit for our reservation, which was fine because we got a drink at the bar. Our waitress seemed frazzled and disappeared after we placed our orders from the pre fixe. Long wait time to get our apps. Quality of food just decent - we got pork ravioli which was good, and shrimp/crab wontons which were too fishy IMO. Waitress brought us the wrong dish and when we sent it back she said that the dish we had ordered (Peking duck) they were all out of. Not sure why she didn't tell us that right after we asked for it instead of when we were expecting dishes to be served, but oh well. Won't go back, won't recommend, need to step it up if they expect to stick around in Center City when there are other dining options that far exceed in service, food quality, and overall experience.We ate at Suga about a month ago. I loved my waiter, my lemon drop Martini and my delicious meal. I could not wait to return . My husband set up a Mothers day dinner. We got there right on time and walked with the hostess through the restaurant, down a step into a small room with zero atmosphere and two large industrial size vacuums set up behind my seat. Are you kidding me? Felt as though I was in a broom closet. They then moved us next to a loud little boy. There were lots of other tables., But I was told that they are very booked up for that day. I won't go back. I got a terrific seat and delicious meal at Vernicks.Their food is extremely delicious!! They also have happy hour from 5-7 seven days a week which is UNHEARD OF. I love that. The popcorn prom ravioli and mushroom dumplings are so so great. Must try restaurant if you're staying in Philly.This was one of my favorite Center City Sips stops in a long time.  Suga hit all the right notes.  This new culinary venture marks Susannah Foo's return to Center City.  The restaurant looks great - stylish but with some distinctive charm.  And the food was awesome.  I think the popcorn pork ravioli is the tastiest new dish I have had anywhere this year.  It is addictive.  Don't believe me, try it out.   The curry chicken dumplings were also a hit...especially with the accompanying yoghurt cilantro sauce.  There is a fine drink menu for Sips .... (On a side note - an Austrian Kamptal Grünerveltliner is on the regular wine list).  Justin the bartender was totally attentive and personable.  And all this at Center City Sips cool prices.  Welcome back, Susannah Foo!(to the tune of "Suga Suga" by Baby Bash)
Tasty.... such spice.
You gotta get this, you gotta get this.
Foo's got me spicy, sav'ry, gosh I hit the ceiling
Cocktails giving me the best feelings
Food that's so yummy, get in my tummy
Suga - how you get so fly?
(Suga, suga how you get so fly?)x4
I'm pretty sure Baby Bash wrote this song before Suga came onto the scene, but he must've known what was coming... Suga, on Sansom, right in the heart of Center City, has one of the best Happy Hour deals in town. Nothing (from drinks to eats) costs more than $7, and the bites are all positively scrumptious. My favorites were the popcorn pork ravioli (mini fried pork dumplings) and the bao buns filled with fatty, rich pork belly. The Good-Natured Gabe, named after her son, was one of the better cocktails I've tried this fall!! Honey, lemon juice, and bourbon - so smooth. Like a cold-toddy. MMmmm...
Foo's been doing Asian-fusion since before there was a name for it, and from spicy beef tacos to curried chicken dumplings, and the flavors really shine. This is a hidden gem work seeking out!Love the amount of choices and the ambiance.  Best fried rice I have had in the city including some of your favorites that will remain nameless.Came here for dinner to celebrate my birthday! It was very elegant yet different! Our cocktails were unique and refreshing. The food was fresh and delicious. The service was polite and friendly as well. They even gave me a box of truffles for my birthday!This was an OK dinner, nothing special. The mixed dumpling platter was all fried; would have been nice to have some steamed dumplings in the mix. The lobster rolls were very bland and would have been better if some crunchy vegetables and spices were added. The dishes that I liked were the tuna taco and the eggplant that had great flavor. The tuna taco falls apart too easily. Even though we had a reservation, we were seated in the bar area. When we asked to be seated in the dining room, we were told that no seats were available. Seating in the bar area was cramped and we needed to be careful not to hit our heads on the low hanging lamps. Don't plan to return.I visited for the first time, and while the staff was nice, the food left something to be desired. I had high hopes for this place. I liked the décor, but the restaurant was hotter than Hades - perhaps due to the one front window being opened on an 80°+ day, but not sure. I got the Shaking Beef Tenderloin - as recommended by my server. It was ok ... It was kind of one note - no real seasoning or distinctive flavor. Ive had less expensive food with more flavor/seasoning. I even heard another server saying to a table that the chef "makes the menu and seasonings specifically for each dish, and if you take something out, it's not as flavorful". Not good selling points to me. I'm honestly not sure if I'll be back, as I was quite disappointed.VERY GOOD FOOD and service at SUGA! My friend and I came for Saturday brunch. I wasn't sure what to expect, because the menu on the website unfortunately isn't updated to reflect the current menu. But thank goodness I found some dishes I knew I'd want to try! I ended up ordering the seared diver scallops with parsnip puree. The scallops were done perfectly, and the all flavors mended so well together with the simple parsnip puree. Plus, everything on the menu (including my own dish) was priced very reasonably. Overall, I'd definitely come back again for another brunch or dinner.This lil gem was surprisingly delish.  Our party of 5 was not disappointed. We attended on restaraunt week and sampled a 3 course meal as well as some sharable plates.  Food was fresh, hot and tasty. Service was good too. We tried miso salmon, kungpao chicken, monk fish and pork as well as the wild mushroom dumplings and Brussels sprouts and fried rice.  The drinks were well made and the ambiance was nice. Overall an Asian fusion bistro that delivered a good experience. Definitely recommend.Went there for restaurant week, the ribs, chocolate cake, schzeuan fish dish was greatMy friends decided this was where Saturday brunch was going to take place...I didnt think I would be in the mood for dim sum since I had already had around 5 cheesesteaks at this point during my time in Philly and something a little lighter would have been better for me. 
We got there around noon and the place was pretty much empty which was cool since we didnt have to hear other people talking lol j/k! We decided to share plates since it was 3 of us.
We ordered the following:
Creme brulee french toast - was ok..my friends enjoyed it more than I. It wasnt as rich as I thought it would be. 
Dumpling sampler - Very good as it came with an assortment of flavors. lamb (the best), curry chicken, shrimp (awesome), pork, vegetable, wild mushroom. Best thing we had!!!
Chinese pancake - very good as well as it was cut into triangular slices and quite flavorful. 
The space itself has a nice, chill vibe to it and played some pretty good music. I would like to come back and try some more dishes.A nice twist on regular Chinese food. Owned by Susanna Foo. The lobster fried rice was very good, but I think there was shrimp in it as well. The cod is excellent, and the butternut squash puree was very tasty. It was similar to the soup, but it definitely had its own dimensions. Drinks were great. Service was a little slow on a Sunday night (it was a holiday weekend though)I usually don't like to give bad reviews but......three star for service and and no star for the food. After seeing it on restaurant week new and must try list I thought I'd give this place a try. I was excited because the pictures that I saw looked amazing. So when we got there we ordered just a few items like cheese dumplings, tuna toco, calamari salad and pork ramen. I think the best dish was the tuna toco and that was it. The calamari salad was ok.  The pork ramen by far was the worse. I'm a ramen fanatic and this ramen was soooo bland and tasteless. Sorry to say the service was great, our waiter was super nice and he did a great job but the food on the other hand was over rated. We over paid for bland Chinese food. If you want good Chinese food just stop by Chinatown!So happy to have Susanna Foo back in Center City.    The Cat's Ear pasta with spicy lamb ragu is cravable, and, of course, the dumplings are amazing.Excellent friendly service, and the food was delicious. Went there for lunch and every dish was great down to the dessert and even the tea. Nice to find modern Asian / Chinese food that tastes as good as what you'll find on Hong KongGreat service, nice environment and interior design. Had the yellowtail tacos - awesome. Server Mike is a true professional.My husband and I decided to visit SUGA for the first time. We were greeted at the door by a very warm gentleman named NIK. We asked to sit at the bar. I love the atmosphere and warm feel of this hidden Gem.  The food and drinks were amazing. The Staff was great as well! Nik was very informative about what we should try when we asked him what does he recommend!!  We were there in our glory enjoying the wonderful great food which we kept ordering all different items throughout the time we spent there. Our company with the staff and Nik was great. My husband and I left there feeling like family!!  
We will be returning to have more great food and visit with our now new family.The food was disappointing. It didn't taste Chinese or Chinese American. I had the shaking beef which didn't taste like beef (the flavor and texture was off). It had brussel sprouts which was a surprise. The fried rice was the best part. I also tried the lamb sandwich which didn't taste good. It should've came with sweet potato fries but it came with regular fries. The server didn't even know. The fries were not fresh and worst than McDonalds. The foot long youtiao was not a foot long and was chopped into chips. They were oily and too crunchy. The interior is nice but serving good food is important.Went on my lunch break.  First time here.  First off, The restaurant is beautiful.  Staff is very courteous, food was good. I had the Shaking Beef bento box, pot stickers and olong tea.  The beef was super tender, seasoning was ok.  As for the pot stickers, not much taste without the sauce, but maybe it's meant to be that way.  When the check came I didn't expect the hot tea to be $8.  I'd come here again just to try the tuna tacos.(I saw someone eating that next to me).The service was very unprofessional. The waiters did not know which items were going to which tables. They were not able to provide many vegan options for being an Asian restaurant. My omnivore friend thought her meal was subpar, as well. I wasn't able to order dessert for restaurant week. One of two items I ordered had a HAIR in it. The other dish was a plate of 4 vegetables. The only redeeming factor was the cocktail. But I will not be returning.I'm hardly in Rittenhouse Square, but when I am this is my go to place. I really like their brunch/lunch menu. It's an interesting take on classic Chinese cuisine. It's Asian cuisine infused with Western ingredients. It's something different and creative. I highly recommend checking out the daily happy hour and late night specials as well on Fridays and Saturdays. These are great deals on food and drinks. 
Suga also offers interesting nightlife. So on Friday is music with DJing (10pm) and free karaoke Saturday (11pm). I'm a big karaoke fan so it's a nice change of scenery from going to Chinatown all the time.
They are known for their dumplings, but for me the restaurant makes the best in term of seafood, fried rice and vegetable dishes. Seafood, the prawns and stuffed branzino. All fried rice are good, my favorite is the bacon fried rice. I really like the charred brussel sprouts. It's a must try. The salads are very fun, creative and refreshing. Definitely not your average salads. I recommend the calamari salad. If you're up for something daring try the beef brisket and tongue cold plate. It will be very spicy though. Also noodles are great especially the braised short rib and pork noodles. 
Suga has a great atmosphere, good looking, creative foods with fresh ingredients​. The seasoning is subtle if you're into that light not overpowering yet enhancing the ingredients. It's not going to be the same tastes you're probably used to of Chinese food from Chinatown so be mindful. Also because of the location, you're definitely paying a bit more for the ambient. 
If you're at the bar, tell Tony (Ghenis Khan) said hi. Haha. I love Tony. He's so funny.Good cocktails. Old fashioned is unique there. Great food. Service is good. Needs work on their music selection though.Wanted to try this place because I went to the old Susanna Foo nearly 20 years ago. Lamb dish was excellent - tender and flavorful.  Fried rice was pretty good, not super.I love the lobster fried rice!!! They always deliver it hot and on time.  I also really love the ragu. It's become a regular spot for me!I'm really not quite sure why the reviews on this place aren't better.  I've been around this scene long enough to know Susanna Foo's so I was very excited when this place opened.  Its a totally different space than SF's but beautiful nonetheless.  The menu reads quite modern but I found the flavors very classic high end chinese food.  Thats what I always loved about SF's.  I think this place is a huge score for the Philadelphia restaurant scene.  Check it out, you won't regret it.Fantastic food and excellent attentive friendly service. Try the crab chili dumplings, lobster fried rice, lobster spring rolls and the crispy shrimp, you won't be disappointed. Great cocktails as well. Every time I visit Philly this is my go to spot. Enjoy!!Our waiter was great. The drink selection was good. Mushroom raviolis as an app were fantastic, and the cod dinner I had was fabulous. The pineapple upside down cake dessert was very dry, but all in all we really enjoyed this dinner otherwise!Came by here for a quick lunch.  The service here is good and you can easily get in and out within an hour.  The place is surprisingly big and goes pretty far back.  Good modern decor.  
I ordered the lunch bento box - shaking beef.  It comes with fried rice and steamed veggies.  The beef was very tender and cooked to a medium well consistency.  Flavors were good and comes with a nice sauce.  Steamed veggies were seasoned with salt.   
Decent meal and would come back here for dinner to try out the other options.Good food. Somewhat overpriced. $$ but add-ons take it easily to $$$. Attentive -- but fussy -- service. Would try it again.I frequented Susanna Foo's in Radnor for lunch, and was never disappointed. SuGa offers some of the well-loved favorites from S. Foo's old menu, plus some new choices, but no sushi (which we were told would be the case initially). I could rave about everything I've ever eaten at either restaurant. Susanna consistently delivers quality and freshness, from the food to the waitstaff. If I were any closer, I would once again become a regular.
Try the crispy ahi tuna tacos and popcorn pork ravioli!Excellent service. The tuna tacos are a MUST ORDER. The shells are made of crispy wonton noodles and the fish was so fresh. The cucumber appetizer was also KILLER. Nice and spicy.This was the best Chinese food my fiancé & I have had in the city in 6 years.   We had drinks & the dumplings for 2, tuna tacos & lobster spring rolls at the bar, and could not have been happier with the food, drink & service.   John, the bartender, was knowledgable & friendly.  We were surprised it wasn't packed! The food was truly next level Chinese: no overfried over-starched sweet gooey mess.   Come here before everyone finds out about it & you can't get in.Sadly I was not impressed with the food, as you can see by the pics.. my scallops and Brussels sprouts were over cooked and pourly represented.. our waiter was ok.. but you can tell since it was a slow day he wasn't feeling the atmosphere either..I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles and the (4pc) Scallion Pancakes.  In total spent $25 including tip. 
Pros:
Food is aesthetically pleasing 
Cons:
Bland flavors
Off flavors
There was no meat in the dan dan noodles and all I could really taste was peanut.. it was really bland other than that. The scallion pancakes were served with sriracha sauce (weird, typically served w/ a soy sauce or dumpling sauce). And also consist of egg inside (I've never had scallion pancakes w/ egg). Interesting. I get that this is a "fusion" place, but I just didn't like it.  I won't be going back or referring it to anyone. If you want a good fusion place, go to Sampan.AMAZING food! Delightfully creative modern fusion twists on Chinese dishes, prepared and plated with great care. The goat cheese wontons with beets are totally unique and so tasty! Short rib noodle and the lobster spring roll were also delicious. Fantastic cocktails and a well stocked bar. Finally found a lychee martini that's not to sweet. The atmosphere is so elegant yet cozy and service is flawless. And the menu on this visit was new since my last visit a few months ago. Will have to return to try more dishes!Went to SUGA for restaurant week and had absolutely no expectations because it was a random choice. The atmosphere and decor is very nice and cozy. I ordered the mushroom dumplings which were out of this world. 10 stars for the dumplings. Boyfriend got the bbq ribs which were also very good. For entrees we went with the chicken and short rib and both were so tender and delicious we couldn't stop talking about them. Phenomenal. The desserts were good (chocolate cake and apple thing) but nothing compared to the meals. When we got the bill, some of our drink prices were different then what was reflected on the menu so that was kind of annoying but since our experience was so nice we didn't bring it up. The tea is literally a pot of tea that you steep from the leaves/flowers yourself so it is super freShNice place!  We had a beautiful inexpensive lunch today.  The mushroom dumplings were wonderful.  The bento box was a great deal.  Friendly service!SUGA has improved dramatically since their opening, playing to their strengths with a revamped menu that includes showstopper renditions of traditional Chinese dishes like the Wuxi spare ribs and the "squirrel fish" fried sea bass, as well as more playful, happy-hour friendly dishes like the pork ravioli poppers and scallion pancakes. 
Even after having been to SUGA a number of times, we still found new dishes to love during our past visit. The Wuxi ribs are outstanding - a savory, flavorsome elevation of a traditional Jiangsu dish served with some kind of purple potato/red bean mash (we couldn't totally figure out what was in the mash, but we freaking loved it). We also really enjoyed the zhajiang mien - the noodles were clearly fresh and the pork ragu was well-rounded with none of that raw soybean flavor that you'd find in a less well-executed bowl. The sea bass is a great addition to the menu, and at $28 for a whole fish that's been cut into little perfectly fried squares and filleted off the bone, it's a great value. It's one of those dishes that is too fancy to ever attempt at home yet is difficult to find even passably executed at restaurants. It is such a treat to find it done well at SUGA.
Their tapioca dessert is one of my favorite desserts in the city - I love the natural sweetness of the fresh fruit and the almost bubbly texture of the tapioca balls in a refreshing bed of coconut milk. It satisfies all my sweets cravings without any of the guilt.
Their cocktails have also improved, updating to a much more contemporary menu including fun nods to Susanna Foo (with a champagne-based "Sparkling Susanna") and her son, Gabe Foo (a rye whiskey-based "Good Natured Gabe"). The jasmine-infused gin drink has become my go-to - that slight floral tinge really takes the edge off of the gin, making for a dangerously tasty drink.
The staff is friendly, attentive, and really good at remembering faces. Our food came out at a good pace and we had a highly enjoyable meal. It would do SUGA a disservice to box it into the "Asian fusion" category - their food does modernize traditional Chinese dishes, elevating them with some Western techniques, but ultimately Suga's food is a celebration of the best that Chinese cuisine can be.
Fun fact: Susanna Foo still makes a mean Peking duck - she might even make it for you if you request it a few days beforehand!Dumplings. Come here for the pleasure of experiencing a fantastic dumpling. Dumpling sampler allows you to experience a wide variety; the chicken curry, pork, and mushroom were the highlights. 
I will preface by saying I came for lunch, but the Kung Pao Chicken Bento Box was nothing to write home about. Satisfying and filling, the vegetable fried rice was the highlight. 
Attentive staff, enjoyable decor, timely prepared.
While nothing can compare to Susanna Foo Gourmet Kitchen, and the sticky rice I remember to this day, the dumplings were delicious and anything with Foo's presence is worth experiencing.So so delicious Suga!!! Susanna Foo does it again opening Suga with her son, Gabriel. Foo's food is equivalent to artwork. And photographs very well for situations such as this! 
The flavor combinations are exquisite and unique, most portrayed in dishes such as the Goat Cheese Wontons and the Sticky Rice in my opinion. 
I was happy to see some spicy dishes on the menu, such as the Szechuan Shrimp (the waiter kindly give me some extra chili oil on the side for dipping).
I will definitely be back to try other dishes, such as the Popcorn Pork Ravioli. Get it while it's hot because they do run out!Went again with a party of 6 and we were seated in their private dining room. I would request this room in the future. Another wonderful experience with delicious food. Dishes great for sharing.I get delivery from Suga and love it.  I am a BIG Foo fan.  Always have been, always will be.When my husband and I ate here Saturday night, the hostess led us through the cooler part of the restaurant where all the hip people were seated and situated us in the "hotel banquet room" milieu part of Suga, where spotlights shine a glare in the middle of your table and cheap carpeting covers the floors. I guess we are NOT cool. At least, I am not, so I fear my presence tainted my husband's cool cred. Our server, however, was super nice and informed, and the carmenere we ordered was nice (that's red wine, for all you Philistines out there). 
The appetizers were a promising start. My curried chicken pockets were crispy on the outside and nicely spiced on the inside. The shrimp dumplings also were fine. But my chili prawns were sweet, not hot (or muy caliente, as the Chinese say), as I expected. We also had pork fried rice, which was definitely better than average. I actually loved the eggplant side dish served in a light coconut sauce. The soft-shell crabs were good, but not "special," according to the husband. 
I ordered dessert because the babysitter wasn't due to leave until 10:00PM. It was gelato. Don't order gelato in a Chinese restaurant; it is usually just OK. A selection of semi-exotic teas caught my eye--Jasmine, Ding Dong Oolong, etc.--but I didn't feel like it. To top off our exciting evening out on the town, we visited the CVS on 17th and Chestnut to buy Lemonheads and unmentionables.
In sum, SUGA feels too much like a suburban restaurant. And the suburbs is not known for great dining. I hope that they step up their game, as SUGA is definitely better than the average Chinese restaurant.The long waited Susana Foo is back.
The restaurant has excellent bar and great service.
French Asian fusion food was delicious.
Cucumber salad and fish tacos are a must eat.We did takeout from SUGA tonight because we wanted a change from DanDan where we usually do take out.  It was terrible.  We ordered Pork Pot Stickers which were fair, although the dipping sauce was extremely salty and tasted like plain soy sauce, Barbecue Leidy's Baby Back Ribs which were tasteless and fatty and not cooked enough, Vegetable Brown Fried Rice which was tasteless  bore no resemblance to the menu description and Shanghai Bok Choy  We could not tell what Shanghai contributed as it just seemed to be steamed or stir fried plain.  Since the restaurant is closed next week for vacation, that may be why the food was subpar.  We have eaten there in the past and the food was reasonably good but we will not eat there or do takeout from there again.This place is aaaaamazing!!
I love reading about food in Philadelphia and came across this place. We tried the dumpling sampler, tuna tacos, dan dan noodles and the mangolian lamb.
We love food. We love really good food. The host is the owners son and I really loved that.To be fair this review is for happy hour only. The restaurant was relatively dead. The bartender was slow in taking drink orders and providing ice water. He was certainly very friendly and talkative and did provide a couple samples of their draft beers-a grapefruit IPA and a chocolate stout. Neither was to my liking so I went with a cocktail. My wife enjoyed the hh Chardonnay.  We got the ravioli and the pork bao bun. The ravioli is unusual. The are very small, fried with a brown butter sauce drizzled on them. Not bad at first but certainly not what I was expecting and the taste and heaviness gets a little old. The portion size was good for the price which I believe was $5. The pork bun was better and is complimented by a slice of cucumber. Pork was juicy and not too greasy and the bun did not overpower the pork. We considered getting the curry chicken dumplings but the bartender made a point to tell us they are also fried and are more like empanadas. We passed on these. Two women at the bar got the tuna tacos and seemed to enjoy them. In summary, the hh deals are good but the food we had was pretty mediocre. Bartender was friendly and made recommendations but to be honest I will probably not be back. As an aside, the dinner menu seems a little pricey for Chinese food even if they do believe it is high-end cuisine.Wonderful birthday lunch on restaurant week. Delightful efficient service by Kevin, excellent Bento box with honey almond chicken, rice and veggies and Asian salad. Delicious chocolate cake for dessert. Bartender was delightful and thoughtful. Clean bathrooms. Wonderful decor and a good level for noise. Able to have a nice conversation. All in all, I am so pleased to have celebrated my birthday at such a great restaurant.This is such a creative approach to Chinese cuisine.  The lamb dish was divine with a subtle play of unique flavors.  Never had anything like it in the USA.  Can only describe our experience as one of the most memorable that my partner and I have had in the past five years.  Fabulous service with a welcoming atmosphere that one seldom experiences in a major city.  Thank you SuGA!great restaurant - wish i would have found it earlier in my trip. I had the scallion pancakes and pork ravioli and they were both on point. wish i was hungrier - the entrees looked and smelled out of this world. Inventive takes on classics. A really fun menu. Servers were all so kind and attentive. The wine was great for only $10/glass. I'd come back often if I lived here.Very friendly staff.  Mushroom potstickers were tasty.  Unfortunately, the dumpling was very hot and the accompanying sliced mushrooms were cold.  Ordered the scallops as an entree.  Not good.  One bite and I sent it back.  Staff was very accommodating on the miscue.  Unfortunately my body wasn't.  I've dined at the previous Susanna Foo.  This place may be associated but no comparison.Pretty good spot. We had scallion pancakes and curry dumplings for our appetizer and they were just OK. I had the ramen for my meal and it was rather yummy. My favorite part of the meal was the tapioca dessert- I basically wanted to lick my bowl at the end.Wow, this was a great experience with an amazing group of people.  The food was very well done, and there was a bunch of unique flavors to experience on the menu.  I especially enjoyed the tea smoked duck and three pork fried rice during my dining experience.  Definitely worth a go if you are in Philadelphia, and I wish Gabe and associates great success.My first meal of fall philly restaurant week and decided to try SUGA since I haven't been there before. The restaurant week menu had some of the regular menu items and some new additions.
As a vegetarian I had the chopped salad with Papaya for my first course, the vegetable second course, and the coconut tapioca for dessert. In addition, we added an order of goat cheese wontons to share. The food was very fresh and clean with very seasoned flavors. The wontons were delicious! My friend had meat choices which were enjoyed as well. 
The restaurant was roomier than I expected and has a very chic, modern vibe.  Service was friendly. I would definitely go back again and order from the regular menu.We had a delicious dinner at SUGA! The atmosphere is lovely. Modern yet comfortable. Our very good server, Michael, recommended some delicious dishes including the Mongolian Lamb--a 300-year-old recipe--that we otherwise might not have ordered. The dumplings are amazing! The fish tacos were light and refreshing with dust the perfect amount of spice. We also enjoyed the eggplant in a delicious coconut curry sauce. The Mongolian lamb, Kung pao chicken and fried rice were all amazing. The cocktails were unique and very good. We will definitely return. As old time Philadelphians we are happy to see Susannah Foo continuing her fabulous legacy.We're so thrilled that Susanna Foo, of America's #1 Chinese restaurant, has
opened a new restaurant and it's just sensational.  The same stellar cuisine of the
original but in a contemporary, casual space right off Rittenhouse Square.
We can't get enough of the world's best pot stickers and incredible mushroom ravioli,
as well as the lobster spring rolls for starters.  For main courses, no one does duck
like Susanna - it's a must - and we love the shaking beef (cooked rare or medium, to
order) and the lamb.  Susanna prides herself on her fish and the tuna tacos are fabulous. 
The staff is knowledgeable and charming and with Susanna;s delicious cuisine,
you'll wish you could be there every night. (She also serves brunch and lunch.)Once I'd heard that Susanna Foo was returning to center city I eagerly awaited the opening of her new place. We had an early reservation (6:15) and were seated immediately. The long space is warmly decorated with lovely Chinese touches and just-right lighting. 
Service was friendly and attentive. I ate there with a friend and we ordered several dishes to share. We started with the Sparkling Susanna aperitif, a glass of sparkling wine with elderberry liqueur and passion fruit. It was refreshing and delicious. We later ordered the Tequila Honey Sage Martini, which was quite tasty. 
The Dumpling Sampler was made up of a variety of dumplings, each one juicy and wonderful. 
Goat Cheese Wontons were paper thin, crispy shells with a creamy goat cheese filling. (I could easily have made a meal out of 2 orders of these.) Lobster Spring Rolls were perfectly crisp with a generous lobster filling. Exquisite. 
The large plate we ordered was the Shanxi Cat Ear Pasta with Lamb Ragu. Menu warned "very spicy" but it was not overly so and all of the amazing flavors shone through. The pasta was cooked perfectly. 
We shared the Valrhona Chocolate Mousse Cake with Cacao Nib Coffee Ice Cream for dessert. The flavors were rich and balanced and luxurious. 
I ordered decaf coffee, which arrived quickly but cold. It was graciously replaced and the new cup was piping hot. 
As we left we spotted Georges Perrier dining at the bar. 
I can't think of a single reason not to return to SUGA. My friend and I are going to come again, this time with our husbands. 
Thank you for coming back to Center City, Susanna!!