Great homestyle food at cheap prices. Even better service. One of the previous reviews said that the cupcakes are out of a box, which couldn't be any further from the truth. I've personally seen them being made from scratch (I don't work there). The specials are always delicious and creative. The owner is one of the most charming people I've ever met and the wait staff always make the dining experience that much better.Nice diner in Fishtown.  Perfect for when you want brunch, but don't need a fancy beer or mimosa.  Each seat at the bar has its own curved portion of the counter, so there's to arguing over elbow room with your neighbor.Before you go to Sulimay's you have to realize one thing -- it's not a typical gastropub brunch where you'll find things goat cheese over fresh salmon.  It's a step above a true "greasy spoon", but don't expect Standard Tap.
Sulimay's is simply a great local diner.  There are omelets, eggs, oatmeal, frittatas, etc.  Refills on coffee are free.  It's very neighborhoody.
Everything is priced accordingly, you can eat brunch for $5.I will have to go back to give a "real" review, as I just ordered potatoes and one egg. I wasn't that hungry. 
But the 3 stars are for Ms. Sulimay. I don't know her first name, but as soon as we stepped in the door we were greeted by the sweetest lady. She told us to sit anywhere, and almost immediately came over to get our drink order. My cousin told us that she is the owner, and that he gets his hair cut at Sulimays barber shop down the street (owned by her brother). 
After our food arrived, she came over with two different kinds of Sriracha. Now, I love me some rooster sauce, but I had no idea they had different kinds!!!! She explained that one is made in California (rooster) and one is made in Thailand (SHARK BRAND,  WHAT?) and that shark brand was her favorite. She was sweet as pie, and I will definitely be back to have a proper meal.
Also, the prices are not bad, I don't know what anyone is talking about. It's $7 for an omelette that comes with potatoes and toast.Can't complain much about Sulimay's. There is never any wait for a table, the coffee is constantly flowing, and the food is pretty good for the price. Great, relaxed diner.Even though the decor isn't my thing the spot is still great. Everyone is friendly, food is great and the takeout special is best in town! Can't beat the 5.00 breakfast special which includes a sandwich snd large coffee. Would definitely recommend this fishtown staple as a place to swing by for breakfast.While the sheepsters are out in the cold trying to  get a table at the brunch spots du jour, I am at Suilimay's enjoying the fantastic food. This spotless old rowhouse diner is a step back in time, with a 50s luncheonette design updated sometime in the 70s. The owner is sweet as pie. The breakfast menu is your basic diner fare with some fancy updates and you can tell the food is all freshly prepared with real ingredients. Chohula hot sauce on the table, bottomless coffee, crepe-like pancakes, excellent omelets. I can't wait to stopp for lunch! 
Cash only.Sulimay's has some of the best breakfast and lunch in Fishtown. It's a quaint diner atmosphere, and you'd never know it was located in a big city. The staff seems to know every local who pops in for a meal or coffee, always asking how their week was or if they're getting the usual order today.
If you're trying to beat a hangover, the breakfast sandwich special can't be beat - your choice of pork roll, bacon, scrapple, or sausage on a bagel or toast along with a coffee. You can also call ahead to have your order waiting for you if you want to spend the least amount of time possible in the daylight.It's funny. I used to live approximately 30 feet from this classic neighborhood diner and then moved away, out of the neighborhood. After a week of non-Fishtown life, I go back and go to this place for a Sunday breakfast with an old friend.
The staff is great. We got a pitcher of hot coffee all to ourselves. The place was about 40% full around 10:00am. Apparently the hours are a little screwy, but maybe it all depends on the clientele.
Based on the other reviews on Yelp, I checked out the pancakes via the one combination option that's on the menu. They were pretty darn good, and they were definitely home made, as the menu confirms ("our pancakes take longer to cook, but the wait is worth it!").
Speaking of the menu, you've got pretty much all you can expect from a breakfast joint. The coffee's endless, the eggs are greazy and the hot sauce is imminent. There are also randomly thrown in items behind the counter, like shakes and other desserts, that you have to search for.
If the prices were a bit cheaper I'd go back every week, but for now this is a Fishtown novelty. Go visit. Have a good conversation. Enjoy the peaceful locals.If you want crazy dishes and fancy Burch, there's plenty of places in Fishtown to get it.  If you want to go to a diner for excellent breakfast, outstanding coffee, friendly staff and affordable, quality food, this is where you go.  I hate pancakes.  Salimay's are amazing.  Everything was cooked to perfection and although it's basic diner fare, you'll be surprised by some of the specials (Eggs Bensington and more).  The staff was friendly and tentative.  My new favorite breakfast spot in Fishtown.Remember when you were a kid and you stayed at grandma's house and she made you breakfast while you hung out and stared at her kitcshy stuff? That's what this place feels like, except now you're a grown up and you probably need this food to cut through your hangover. This is a nice little diner in Fishtown, with fun servers that know I need my coffee asap. If you're looking for an unpretentious breakfast at a fair price, this is a cool spot to hit up. Cash only...Really nice staff, the place has a very welcoming feel to it. Late in the morning it's not too busy; service isn't very quick, but it's sortof a place where that's ok, and allows for conversation. Food is good, and the coffee is good. Nice to have a local place to just spend some time and not run in and out in a rush.This is a great diner. Good, unpretentious food and a cozy diner atmosphere. Fast and friendly service.We were looking for just casual Sunday morning breakfast and we found it. We went early so there was no waiting. The staff was friendly and welcoming. The food was delicious. Better than an average diner. I had the 2 egg and cheese breakfast sandwich on English muffin with a side of bacon. It was great and better than expected. They folded the cheese in with the eggs so there was a perfect mix of egg, cheese, and muffin in every bite. The bacon was crispy. I got regular coffee too and that was surprisingly good. No cream or sugar necessary. My boyfriend got the Number 2 with regular pancakes which were also delicious. They weren't overly floury. Everything was on point, this will definitely be a good go to spot for awhile.It's neighborhood. Simple food. Neighborhood food. 
Be warned...they open at 8 am. Seven days a week.Perfect. Pancakes were the bomb. Go here if you're into diners. Nice, cozy place.Sulimay's has totally stepped up their game! I highly recommend their homemade breakfast sausage and pumpkin pancakes with chocolate chips. The chocolate chips are a must!For a while in 2010-2011, a For Sale sign hung above the entrance and the end seemed imminent.  
2012 has been renewed hope for the place, to say the least.  With a new cook on the kitchen staff, this diner that anchors the east end of Girard Ave. is back as a top breakfast and brunch destination in Fishtown.
More than a few of the older reviews of Sulimay's on Yelp need updating since they were submitted during a time of transition for the diner:
The owner was absent for medical treatments and her brother (Joe Sulimay of Sulimay's barbershop, another Fishtown staple) and sister-in-law did what they could to keep the place going.  
The owner is back, the place is no longer for sale, and it's quality food that's local.
The sweetheart owner and the new kitchen crew have re-fashioned the menu, served by a mostly-new and friendly weekend waitstaff (haven't been there on a weekday lately) .  
The must-try item are the pancakes, and the chocolate-chip large stack is melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  The Vietnamese coffee is a plus.
On a now-rotating menu of brunch specials, I've had side orders of beignets, shrimp and grits with a very tasty side of black eyed pea and smoked bean delight, and their sausage sliders made in-house.  The pride of Bridesburg's Czerw's smoked kielbasa also is on the menu as meat option.
Over the past couple years Girard Ave. corridor has had a total facelift with various galleries, cafes, gastropubs, and restaurants opening.  Sulimay's remains and it does so with renewed quality and good food that's worth a check-in.For some back story on Sulimay's check out the video:
http://lovephillyfood.com/lucretias-comfort-food/I love this place. It's laid back and friendly and great for a relaxing, inexpensive, delicious brunch. The food is definitely better than standard diner fare and it's creative while still being comfort food. We can't wait until pur son can eat solid food, this will be his first pancake experience (though it may ruin him for all future pancakes because these are the best)!Not only does this place have amazing food but their service is always quick and friendly. I'm love the artwork on the walls- I see something different every time I go in. Best Brunch EVER!!!Awesome breakfast spot. And super affordable! 
The coffee is great, not watered down. As for dish recommendations, you can never go wrong with an omelet.  Also I'm not typically a scrapple fan, but at Sulimay's they cook it just right. Definitely worth a try, since it is a Philly classic breakfast.My girlfriend and I travel from West Philly on our days off to come to this spot and have never been disappointed. It's got a classic diner feel but the menu definitely adds a twist (for the better) on tons of diner classics. Today I got the two egg, two blueberry pancakes and a breakfast meat (they serve Czerws kielbasa) so good! The specials are also legit. The staff there is really nice and attentive, love everything about this place!This is my go to breakfast spot! I love this place, affordable and delicious every time. Sulimay's never disappoints!sulimay's has my favorite pancakes in the city, i kid you not. they are light, lacy, do not need butter or syrup and are excellent. they also make very good egg dishes but close early-ish. 1.30 is the witching hour on sunday if i recall. it is unfortunately not near much unless you live in the neighborhood, but if you are ever in the neighborhood, hit this place up!Ever since the closing of Acropolis down the way, I thought I would never find another go-to diner spot until I was introduced to this place! In fact, Sulimay's is even better and I wish I was introduced to it much sooner.
In comparison to Acropolis, it appears maybe 10 yrs younger than Acropolis and features fishtown-themed specials.
The wait staff were all very friendly, topped off all our waters and coffees constantly and were very accomodating to my large group of friends.
I'll be definitely coming back..I have been here twice for breakfast when in town visiting my friend up the street. Prices are very reasonable and the portions are tasty and generous, and they offer up some interesting dishes as well as the standards. The coffee is good. The server has always been friendly and helpful. The vibe is very "local" and unpretentious. IMO, Sulimay's is the perfect place for a big relaxed breakfast before a day of urban exploring or whatever else you have going on.After over a good year of living in Fishtown, or going there pretty often, i FINALLY stopped in Sulimay's. I love it's local vibe, you can tell this place has been around forever and has faithful clientele. It's cozy and has a real "home" feel to it. The staff is superbly nice and attentive. We got an entire pitcher of coffee to ourselves, our food came out pretty fast, the food was pretty darn cheap. 
And it breaks my heart to say this, because I hyped Sulimay's up so much to myself, and they really seem like sweet people who work here and made us feel right at home, but I just wasn't crazy about the food. I can scarf down an entire plate of eggs, homefries and toast no problem even if I end up feeling sick after (i love love LOVE breakfast food), but I just couldn't even eat half of it. The eggs were spongy, the feta in my omelette tasted off, and the potatoes were nothing to write home about and were on the cold side. 
The service was so nice though that I still enjoyed it. We had a waitress and a woman who may be the owner came by several times and was sweet as pie. Also, apparently their pancakes are made to order, so I think I will come back some time to try something else on their menu. I'm always one for second chances.Sulimay's is a restaurant located on the edge of Fishtown blocks away from the vape pens and trendy bars. The interior has a traditional older diner vibe with the customers and employees reflecting that.
Reminds me of Twin Peaks.
The menu has traditional breakfast and diner food but better. Just not by much. You'll get your dang omelets and waffles here, but you'll also get good SCRAPPLE (Staple of the Philly Heart Attack™), Viet coffee and GRITS (not enough brunch spots offer this). The food is good but it's not going to change your life. 
 Service is a bit slow, but the place is nice and relaxing and I think the restaurant itself is more noteworthy to me than the food. I feel like truckers would have a pit stop here, read newspapers and have questionable political views. 
Come here to get away from the bougie hipster vibe while still enjoying quality brunch.Super sweet woman owns the place and delivers great service. Had the scramble with local ingredients and never ending coffee. Birthday cupcake included. Can't wait to come back and try the pancakes!Good Day, Yelpitos,
I had read about this place on Yelp and have had it on the places to check out list for a little while because it is close to home.  My dad had said that he had been there, and his experience was pretty good. So, for my birthday, he took us out to breakfast at Sulimay's.
Firstly, it wasn't crowded as I thought it would be. And it was a quiet day here--we were among a few patrons, including some boys in blue, this particular morning. 
Secondly, SEPTA was still on strike here (ha).  
But on to the food.  I ordered a typical diner breakfast: short stack with eggs and ham.  I don't know about you, Yelpitos, but for me a true test of diner food is to have good pancakes. They were okay--a little on the thin side, so it felt more like eating a sturdy crepe, if you know what I mean?  But my coffee was on point (thank goodness, I cannot start my day with bad café!).  My eggs were a tad under done (from how I like them, Over Hard), and my ham steak was great.  Nice little char on it, nice size piece.  My dad and his wife ordered the eggs bacon and home fries.  So did boyfriend.  Those little home cut bite size nuggets of potato gave everyone "life" at the booth.  The waitress was very nice and attentive as well. 
So, overall, it was okay.  Nothing over the top spectacular, but for local diner food that is cheap and good to go, it was all good here.A nice break from the rest of the neighborhood.  Take a step back in time and support one of the older businesses in the area!  Great traditional diner food at great prices.Best pancakes in Philly.  They are homemade and disclaimed as such that they are worth the wait.  
This old school Fishtown greasy spoon is perfect for breakfast and/or lunch.  They pour a great cup of coffee and you'll be amazed when you get your check as it's amazingly affordable.First of all, this place been preserved and has all the charm of an authentic diner that you just cant fake and all the patrons look mad glad and lucky to have it in their hood. Coffee certainly ain't ish; they bring a carafe to the table so you can refill as you go!
Eggs Bennzington is not only one of the greatest things I've ever tasted, but it is honestly the bestest pun anyone has come up with. Seriously, pun masters can retire now.  Who ever named this dish should have their brain in the Smithsonian (but y'know, after they're dead and all). 
Good service. Only one server on a Saturday and she still had a great attitude and sense of humor (though I didn't understand why she asked if my name was "Brock" ,,, but before I answered, she looked like she might ... do something to my food). (shrug emoji) (JK)
Here's some advice: (or rather that of the Beastie Boys: keep going with the quality affordable eats 'Cause you can't, you won't, and you don't stop . .. and NEVER pander to anyone who gives Applebee's a 5 star review.  NEVER (echoing through eternity) 
PS: you nailed the pancakes too btwClassic diner fare- definitely hits the spot. We had egg and cheese on bagels/ English muffin as well as blueberry pancakes and the oven roasted potatoes and coffee. Just be warned that it is cash only!this place is so cool looking inside. it really takes you back in time! for us, wishing we grew up in the 60s and 70s, sulimays makes you feel like you're there, til your cell phone rings and you're back to the here and now. 
we really wanted to like place for the ambience and its proximity to our house. we tried it once -disappointed, tried it a few more times - disappointed. it seems that they either don't have enough help or they are always too busy. we have usually been there when more than 75% of the tables are full and the waitresses are running around to accommodate everyone. not only is the service lacking but so is the grub. we have had greasy eggs, mushy hash browns, (really) hard toast, and limp bacon. Also our order gets messed up every time, which is unfortunate for us sometimes because we can't eat cheese, and make that very clear, then the omelet has cheese on it. usually we have waited so long for the meal we don't send anything back because we want to get our day started. 
i will say for a breakfast place, the coffee is really delicious. and the scrapple has always been perfect scrapple. the prices are also very reasonable! we will definitely try again and hope this place makes a turn to yummier!Nice retro atmosphere, with real, authentic "diner" food.  It isn't fancy or pretentious, but it is comfortable and friendly.   Prices are great, the food is always fresh and hot and good.  Don't go and expect some embellished concoction of ingredients; you will not find it here.  But do go if you want a hearty breakfast, a good conversation, and the only pancakes I will ever eat at a restaurant.Love this place! Classic old Philly diner. Good service and good food. I got the pig's heaven omelette and this is a bold statement, but may be the best omelette I have ever had!! Super fluffy eggs combined with crispy scrapple- so delicious. The only thing not great about my experience was the Vietnamese coffee- it tasted a bit off but other than it was a great breakfast spot.I love this Place food so good service so good reminds me of a diner from the good ol' daysHappened to be driving by early on a Sunday morning and decided to stop in as we were looking for a quick, inexpensive, breakfast. Sat ourselves, the owner came right over to us. Seemed to be some locals there chatting it up with one another. I ordered the bacon, onion and cheese frittata and my husband ordered the 2,2,2 meal. Everything came out quickly, pretty average diner food, but tasted good. My only complaints were that the side of potatoes my meal came with seemed a little old & hard, definitely weren't fresh. The frittata could have been a little huskier as well, it was a pretty petite wrap. We ended up engaging the owner in a long conversation about travel and we really enjoyed her company. She was so kind. Definitely would try it again!I hope that some buys this building so a good establishment can open here.  No reason to go here when there are so many good options around.  Aramingo Diner is betterThis is one of the few restaurants I managed to hit up when I was completely broke and lived in Fishtown. The boy and I were exploring and happened upon Sulimay's. It looked so unassuming and gritty and, well, it looked like a diner.
We both got a basic breakfast: eggs, potatoes and toast. The eggs were fine. I always get mine "over hard" which is pretty hard to mess up. The potatoes, however, weren't cooked completely and were cold when they came out. It's really unfortunate when something as basic as home fries are messed up. I would love to try eating here again; the waitress (owner?) was extremely friendly and if I had bothered mentioning my issue I have no doubt she would have remedied it. I am finding it hard to motivate myself to make the journey to Fishtown when there are so many good restaurants in S. Philly.
+1 imaginary star:
http://woodshopfilms.com/index.php/breakfast-at-sulimaysMy best friend and I are shocked that Sulimay's doesn't have five stars.  We consider this our special breakfast spot and seem to get there when its pretty slow.   The owner is super nice and a great conversationalist and we just love it.  the dumplings are incredible, the scrapple and the kielbasa is out of this world.  I don't get the bad reviews. Try it for yourself and aim for a later breakfast to avoid the rush i guess.Just meh. The cupcakes we got for checking in were out of a box. The scrapple was really not good at all. The only redeeming quality was the service. Our waitress was a sweetheart.I truly love little neighborhood luncheonettes such as this, but in a neighborhood where they are plentiful, Sulimay's is A-OK.
My favorite aspect of dining at Sulimay's is their fun neighborhood-inspired menu.  Being a Port Richmond kid, I got the Richmond scramble which consisted of eggs, keilbasa & pierogie.  The eggs were tasty but the pierogies were dried out and upset my delicate Port Richmond born & bred sensibilities.  
As other reviews have mentioned, the coffee is great & the service is lovely.  M&M still reigns champion in my opinion, but Sulimay's is a solid back-up.1st time today. wow! Price was right. I was pleased to get a decanter of coffee instead of refills. The service was quick. Friendly waitress too. Best of all the most amazing grits. I will go back!Really a treasure and so glad it's so far from the maddening crowds down near Frankford and Girard Avenues.  The staff is courteous and knows how to make you feel "at home".  I went with three friends and we talked and talked and still were waited on with smiles and friendly interaction.  Will bring friends here whenever I need to eat great foods for great prices and get great service with a smile.HOUSE MADE CORNED BEEF HASH
They cook the corned beef in Kenzinger.
Something something perfectly cooked eggs blah blah blah great friendly service etc etc not overpriced and scene-y.
I agree with everything positive people have already said, but I don't think I've seen anyone mention that they make their own corned beef hash and that it is outrageous. It's not salty and mushy; instead, it's tender and filled with flavor. It's got a little sour edge from the Kenzinger that keeps it from being too rich. Polishing off some leftover hash as I write this!I gave Sulimay's five stars because it is perfect for what it is- a great place for diner breakfast. Their pancakes are my favorite in the city. They are very thin, almost crepes. I usually go with the blueberry. Pay the extra for real syrup. They also do over easy eggs pretty perfectly. The drip coffee is okay, but they also offer french press. I don't know what people are talking about as far as bad service or greasy food, I have never had a problem and I go all the time.Sulimay's is a classic breakfast spot and our go-to in Fishtown/ Kensington! You can't beat their breakfast sandwich and coffee special for $5. This may sound crazy, but with all the great coffee in the neighborhood, Sulimay's is by far the best, IMO. We have ordered take out and dined in the restaurant many times and the food is always quick to come out and delicious. The hash browns are always cooked to perfection! The hot sauce collection is also a great touch, we love trying new ones every time we dine in. As long as we live in the neighborhood, Sulimay's will be our breakfast favorite and go-to.Sulimay's is my favorite place to grab breakfast. Since the first time I came here a few months ago, I've come in just about every weekend since (aside from a few missed ones here or there). It's the first place I always want to bring my friends who visit and none of us ever leave disappointed. 
My ultimate fave is the chicken and waffles. I dream about them. The Fishtown scrapple is unique, artery clogging goodness. The corned beef hash is brined in beer giving it just a little something special. The biscuits and gravy stick to your ribs. But you can't even go wrong with just the classic two eggs and hash browns platter (oh lord the hash browns are perfect) or pancakes. 
You always leave nice and full sometimes with some leftovers to enjoy later. A nice hearty breakfast for a really reasonable price in a sea of ultra expensive fancy pants Fishtown brunch joints. And while it's cash only, the atm surcharge is only a dollar which is super chill. 
The servers are all super charming and friendly. They definitely have that classic Philly no-nonsense way about them and some people may construe that as "rude" but there are plenty of places you can go with service chock full of cloying and canned niceties. The servers at Sulimay's are super genuine and definitely take care of their regulars. The patrons are no exception too. Even when I dine solo there are usually other friendly folk sitting at the counter. 
It's very much a community and neighborhood spot and it makes me feel very very much at home and welcome.  Never underestimate the value of a decent breakfast.Sulimay's is a great find for brunch in Fishtown. Despite some fairly recent local TV exposure it's still almost never crowded when I've been in (once out of about five times, I'd say, and even then it was nothing like you'll encounter at the bigger name brunch spots in the city (ie. I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a seat). The standard menu is a good one regardless of your brunch philosophy - sweet, savory, heavy, light...you can assemble a pretty damn good meal just from sides, or you can go with one of the reliable main courses. Just avoid the biscuits and gravy, which remain the restaurant's only disappointment to me. The gravy is somewhat lacking in flavor, something that allows the misplaced onions in it to over-assert themselves. That said, the corned beef hash and Port Richmond Scramble both get two thumbs up. 
All of this so far leaves out what for many, I assume, is the main event - the specials menu. For a little, unassuming diner-looking place, these guys come up with some truly decadent and satisfying weekly specials, which range from elaborate french toasts to spins on classics like chicken and waffles to dishes incorporating things like whitefish scrapple (who knew?) and lamb chorizo. All of this plus some of the best homefries in the city. Service is very casual, but friendly and never less than adequate.Food was amazing, service was awesome and price was great. Loved everything about this place! Order the berry French toast - you won't regret it!Absolutely love this place! Local gem of Fishtown! I work right down the street down here and this place is a must every Sunday that we work! The food is absolutely delicious and is always hot and ready to eat even when we order to-go! My absolutely favorite is their very berry French toast! The portions are a great size! Gets busy on sundays pretty fast so if ordering to go I'd recommend ordering early or getting there before noon!
The waitresses and cashier are always so friendly and smiling!! Will def continue dining here!!Hey guys,  I don't know what is going on here, but I've walked out of your restaurant twice in the last three weeks because your servers have gone way down hill.  POOR, SLOW, UNFRIENDLY AND UNORGANIZED SERVERS!!  Train them or get the old crew back, your loosing business!!!Regulars, always having a near perfect experience. The chef is super talented and takes much care in preparing meals. The servers are all very friendly and will engage in small talk which is enjoyable. Super super nice staff and always clean. Not much more to say, just a perfect breakfast spot.Went for burger night, One of the best burgers I have ever had hands down. $13 for a huge burger, fries, salad, and desert.Get here before 10AM or after 1PM to avoid the rush. Cash only (there's an ATM on-site). But this is diner food in all of its glory.Sunday morning sometimes requires breakfast for sustenance. 
We headed to Sulimay for some early morning vittles.
Wife got the French toast. I got to try it it was okay. 
Too thick and not enough batter soaked into the bread. Fruit was fresh.
She also agreed it was just okay. Looks much better than it was.
I got the omelet. I really enjoyed the homemade cheese sauce that was on top of my omelette. The meats were plentiful.
The potatoes were perfectly cooked and the onions so sweet and tender. Perfectly executed and my favorite.
Overall everything was tasty, hot and fresh. Service was good. 
Everything came out quick. If you're in the area definitely swing by.I really enjoyed the atmosphere, service, and food here.
The restaurant is a classic diner and all of the food is made fresh and from scratch. The prices are very reasonable and everything was very very tasty. 
I had their chicken and waffles for breakfast and I really enjoyed them!Awesome experience in Fishtown today. Thank you Lucretia.   Generous portions warm and welcoming like a warm hug.I don't want to write this review but I feel like if I don't give the feedback it will never get better. 
I used to love sulimays, I would go there weekly and could always rely on a delicious and consistent breakfast. The staff was quirky and always delivered good service, even givIng you the vibe of a true old school diner. 
Over the past 6 months my experience has gone consistently downhill, with the last straw being on 3 separate occasions, calling in for take out and going to voicemail. Each occasion I try to call more than once with a gap just in case they were really busy. At this point it can only be written off as poor service. 
Combined with the fact that they substantially raised the price of the takeout breakfast sandwich without changing signage and that the dine-in food has gone downhill, it is no longer worth it to be a regular at sulimays. 
Very disappointing, I want sulimays to succeed, but I think I need to take a break before I give them another chance.Yearn for the shredded potato hash browns from your past?  This is the spot. When you go to Fishtown's original diner, you should know what to expect. Original Philly-style service. A variety of seating at booths, counters, and tables. Breakfast all day. Coffee is served in a carafe so you don't have to wait for refills; they also have the surprising option for Vietnamese and french pressed. Breakfast sandwich and a large coffee for $5.Love this place. Best breakfast in fishtown.We left without making it through half the meal and ended up going somewhere else to eat. 
As someone who works in the restaurant industry I am very patient and understanding especially when I see a busy restaurant. The girl at the door told us to seat ourselves in a careless manner. We sat down and the first thing she asked was if we wanted to start with some coffee... coffee was brewing, it'll be a minute, no problem. There was one laminated sheet of a menu on the table which we shared, no problem. I ordered an orange juice and a water and my boyfriend ordered a water. She brings the three drinks.
Coffee is done brewing, doesnt bring it over yet. She asks us for our order. I ordered a western omelet with American cheese, potatoes, rye toast (omelets come with your choice of roasted potatoes or grits and toast, for an upcharge you have the options of hash browns and bagel) and also a side of bacon. "Wait, what? Sorry I'm new" No problem. Repeat. "Did you want the roasted potatoes?"
My boyfriend ordered Terry's favorite omelet with roasted potatoes, rye toast and a single pancake. We waited almost 15 minutes for our food. Still no coffee. 
The food finally arrives. My plate has a greasy, spongy looking "western omelet" with "roasted" potatoes which didn't have any seasoning on them and looked/tasted fresh out of the microwave. Terry's favorite didn't come with potatoes. She said, "I'll be right back with your pancake," At which I mentioned I also ordered bacon and his plate was supposed to come with potatoes also. She replied with, "oh I didn't get the bacon, but I wrote down the potatoes and they still didn't give it to me, now they're going to yell at me in the kitchen."
She returned with a very thin, crepe-like pancake and a couple pieces of lukewarm, microwaved bacon. I asked for some coffee. She brought over one cup and a pot.
The other server brought out the second order of potatoes and apologized for the inconvenience. 
I asked the other server for another mug for our coffee and she promptly grabbed us one as I saw she was busy and made sure we didn't need anything else. 
We couldn't even get through the meal. It seemed like even if we did complain we wouldn't have gotten a better meal anyway so we just paid and went somewhere else.We've lived in the 'hood for a few years and ate here for the first time today and honestly idk why we haven't gone sooner. Poor Katie must have been having a bad day when she wrote her review- we experienced NOTHING like she did. 
Sometimes you're just not in the mood for a $35 faux farm to table omelette with fiddlehead ferns, locally sourced mushrooms and a side of attitude and dirty looks for the staff. With that being said, there were a ton of items on the menu made with REAL local ingredients here! The specials were just as good as what you would find at any place that's more upscale, but at 1/2 the price. Our waitress was incredibly friendly, welcoming and attentive. Could not have been any nicer. Food came out in record time. We didn't feel rushed. We weren't made to feel like imbeciles asking questions. We don't have to refinance our home cause we got some eggs. And no one gave me the side eye for not having enough tattoos. Cannot wait to go back. 
+1 Sulimay's. Please never change.I usually love a good, old school diner but this place left a bad taste in my mouth. Myself and my bf live down the street in Fishtown. We walk in to the sign that says "Please wait to be seated". No one greets us. All I'm asking for is a simple "Hello" here. It was fairly full so it's understandable that it was busy. To my right, near the doorway was a shirt that says something like, "I miss the old Sulimays, before YOU came here". Great, I already feel unwelcome. LOL. 
Food took longer than expected (even considering they were busy). Service was decent. Food was OK. I got some weird fish scrapple. I should've just stuck to the basic bacon and eggs, I supposed.
When the server asked if we're finished my boyfriends goes "still working". Apparently the phrase is not allowed considering the server corrected him, "no hunny, still ENJOYING". Um, what? If I wanted to be corrected I would go to my mamas house and eat free. 
Back to ihop we go.............I love Sullimays. The original owner sold it only under the condition that it stayed in its original decor and layout.The decor is like walking into a time warp. Super old school diner vibes (love it). On top of the ambiance, the food is amazing. They have your basic diner food and also carry daily specials on the menu. The whitefish scrapple is my favorite, it comes with a sauce called "come back sauce" and I know why at this point. I keep coming back for it. It's almost the type of place where it's so great I don't like to tell to many people in the fear that it's going to be so busy I'll have a hard time getting a seat eventually. It def gets busy in there, I've read some reviews where people complain about the service. Obviously those people have never worked in the service industry. The neighborhood is being gentrified at an unnatural pace, so it's to be expected that weekends it can be super busy in there but everyone that works there is always amazing, I'll give them a pass on a busy day and not take it personal.One of my favorite breakfasts in Fishtown. The eggs bensington is phenomenal. Ask for the pickled long hots on the side, they cut right through all the richness of the scrapple and it's a great combination. The takeout special is also one of the best deals in the area. Don't sleep on it!Sulimay's is one of my go-to breakfast places. As soon as you walk in the front door you can tell not much has changed here in decades but sometimes the best things don't need updating. The menu is traditional diner fare with a few original creations like Terry's Favorite Omelette stuffed with bacon and blue cheese. Yum! Prices are very reasonable and they started taking credit cards for checks over $10. For Fishtownies, the $5 breakfast sandwich to-go special is a steal and a great way to start your day. The owner is very knowledgeable of gluten allergies and even has gluten-free bread. Overall, Sulimay's is a traditional diner with friendly staff and good food.The first thing I noticed upon entering the small establishment was the sign by the door that casually reads, "please seat yourself." As I search for a seat, allowing my eyes to move from one section of the diner to another, a face pops up from behind the counter. "There's a free table in the back," a thin woman with dark hair calls out. As I take my seat, I notice an older couple with a young child, who I can only assume is their grandchild. The dark haired woman appears again to give me coffee and take my order. As is customary, I order the biscuits and gravy. I've found that sticking with similar types of foods allows me to more accurately compare restaurants. 
While taking in my surroundings, I see multiple tables occupied by groups of college aged kids. This didn't seem strange, considering that we were in fishtown, but I didn't expect to see such variation in the ages of the customer groups. We were, after all, in a small diner that looked like it hadn't changed much for the past 30 years. 
I understood why it appealed to the younger patrons. I am in my 20s and the place put me at ease. There was something comfortable about the old booths, the mid-century adverts repurposed as decor, and the kind woman bringing me food. It was clear that Sulimay's is for everyone.its a shame thay use that nasty kitchen 2 feed the good ppl of fishtown ...............phil cookd better than the real cook any wayLeft without eating because the waitress was so incredibly rude to us, we were afraid she would spit in our food. Don't waste your time, it's not worth the waiting around to be treated like a piece of garbage by their staff.Holy hell. I love this place. It feels like you're walking back into the 60's when you enter. Everything my brother and I had was A+. The biscuits were moist and crusty. The meats were cooked to perfection. My chicken and waffles almost made me cry with joy. He had 4 huge dang biscuit halves under his pulled pork Benedict. I generously helped him out with those. The wait staff was friendly but not on top of you, which I like. Even the coffee was amazing. Wish I could give you guys a million stars.Really nice! Food and coffee is good and service just right. When my wife and I went it was pretty early and the seem to be a lot locals with young families. 
Can't wait to go back and try their lunch. Meatloaf looks really good!I'm generally not one to complain... But I'll start this review by noting I created a Yelp account just to give my honest review of this "diner".
After waiting a ridiculous amount of time for simple breakfast food, I don't think they could have gotten anything else wrong. Besides the fact that everything we ordered needed to be reiterated several times- the food was completely awful. I was waiting for a camera crew to come out and tell us it was all a joke.
The potatoes must have been microwaved and were literally just a cut up potato on a plate, unseasoned (that I was hesitant to even remind the waitress I ordered when I saw how my girlfriends came out)
The eggs were spongy and the most unappealing thing I've ever tried to force into my mouth. They're eggs, it's pretty hard to screw up but they managed.
The bacon dry and crisp as bark, yet still somehow chewy.
I've never seen a place that had less of a clue to what they were doing it's embarrassing. 
Eventually I decided I didn't want to fill myself on that "food" so we quietly paid our check without complaining and went to another diner. with the understanding that even if we complained, there's no saving that place. 
I'm not even a food snob and easily satisfied, but any positive review of this place must be from someone who's never tasted real food before. You're better off eating from a dumpster of a half decent diner.
I encourage anyone to try it once for a good laugh. It's worth the money. Your server will likely forget to put half the items you received late on your bill anyways...
Oh and the pancake... No.Mere hours into 2015, I arrived at Sulimay's Restaurant -- with my brother, his girlfriend, their roommate, who I may consider a friend if he didn't cover his instagram with half-naked selfies that cry for the sort of attention you know he deserves but you don't necessarily want to be the one to give it, because it makes you feel gross - and weird - and frightened, because what if I child comes upon his instragram, what if i child holding a rabbit does? What happens to the child, what happens to the rabbit? I only hope they know to shut down the feed fast enough. My brother's girlfriend sisters, who I've come to enjoy more and more frequently as time moves, through this delicate river that is life. Also along were my brother's girlfriend's sister's best friends: one who is rather quiet and got an egg sandwich and one who I believe teaches life skills - which is something I didn't totally understand upon first learning of it. Also with us was Garret, someone who is on the verge of becoming my friend but after his pathetic attempts to eat breakfast may have sealed his fate as an acquaintance forever. Also TJ, had come, he had spent the night sleeping on a yoga mat on a sparse basement floor, blaring rap music into his own ear. Piss, was left at the house - because Piss seldom makes occasions such as these.
Seeing how there were a number of us descending upon Sulimay's that day, without having the notion to call ahead (Okay Garret suggested it, but whose going to listen to Garret) They were quite accommodating to a large group and even allowed us to move the tables into the shape of an L, a table sitting experience that I had never had. 
I was game when the owner's nephew and his friend (who looked confused, maybe even worried) came and asked if we needed waters or coffee - he explained that he was just helping out, and had only come to visit for the holidays. The Nephew was a born waiter without knowing it - laughing and playing along with us.
I sat at the crux of the L. It is from the crux of an L I would like to sit from now on - a sort of epicenter is created where you can gamely speak to anyone at the table.  Garret, was now getting sick of course, and sweating uncontrollably  on my brother, who loves so much to laugh at his friends discomfort.
We all enjoyed Garret's discomfort and many wondered why he would choose to sit in the middle if he was sick and tired, and unsure if he was going to be able to perform his breakfast eating duties after a night of new years eve debauchery.
I remember TJ saying he wasn't hungry and wasn't going to eat. That was during the first hour of our service, he eventually waited long enough and got French Toast. He wondered if the French Toast would be as good as the Grille's in Luzernes. It was.
We finally placed our order after a long while of reflection upon friendships growing old, and friendships becoming anew.  I went for Terry's favorite - something that everyone seemed a little unsure about, but it did have most of my favorite things crammed into an omelette... who's Terry? What else do we have in common?
We waited a long while for our food to come - seeing how the nephew was now waiting on tables, but the staff remained cherry even as the restaurant filled up and one rude couple pleaded to be waited on - even though they hadn't been there nearly as long as us. I don't know how they planned on starting there new year before they got there, but looks like they settled on being jerks, probably like they were in 2014.  I could care less if they didn't have the life affirming experience that was Sulimay's too me, because slowly Sulimay's was beginning to teach us something.
When our food arrived my food was mixed up with Katie's (the one who teaches life skills) She was frightened by the blue cheese in the omelette but had remained game throughout the experience and switched our eggs with her bare hands (so this is how 2015 was going to be, I like it)
I could see my brother sister's girlfriend getting excited at the other end of the table as an existential moment of realization came upon her -- this experience was going to be yelped, and her part of the yelp -- all those around her spinning toward being reviewed - Garret looked longingly into his omelette which he had piled high with mushrooms, tomatoes, basil, and everything else but had forgotten to add cheese. He couldn't take it anymore, he excused himself and hurried away from the table upon his return, as he continued to eat everyone was becoming overly disgusted with his inability to eat his breakfast. 
When I left Sulimay's I wasn't sure what had happened, I just know everyone was happy and hi-fiving, and congratulating each other as though we had accomplished something - and we had: a great breakfast. 
The waitress even complimented my tie - well done, Sulimays. Thanks for a great start to 2015.If you don't fuck with everything this jawn has to offer, then you can suck me. Plus it's @pancakes.and.protein.shakes (instagram) approved so you kno this place is the real deal.These guys hosted a fundraiser for my favorite doggy daycare Parkbench Philly. That shows they're really nice people. I had to order food for the nice cause. When I called to place the order, the woman on phone was very friendly and gave me some good recommendations. We got meatloaf, barbecue chicken, tomato salad and baby broccoli white bean salad. Food was absolutely amazing! It comes with corn bread which was perfectly sweet and buttery. Loved all of it!! 
Definitely recommend.Glad we went to Fishtown and tried this bona fide diner! My group of 7 was seated within 5 minutes which was surprising because it was quite busy Sunday afternoon. 
Our waitress was full of energy, gave us coffee and gave us recommendations on what to eat. I ended up getting the egg platter, a short stack of pancakes and a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice (can't beat that). The pancakes were a generous size, definitely worth sharing with someone. Hashbrowns were on point. Oh yeah, ask for the hot sauce cart! It comes with an assortment of hot sauces to expermiment with. Yeahhh buddy!
 I regretted not trying any of their food with fish (I mean the place is called Fishtown), the white scrapple looked delicious.