The place is extremely dark and dank -- the sushi was chintzy, I had a speck of tuna in my yellowtail roll. No wonder it was so dark.  Dessert was stale we returned it back. Safest bet to order, fried rice or steamed edamame. That is far from being swanky. If you want to go only for cocktails and not be able to see who you're talking too then it's a good place.I've been to Swanky Bubbles countless times over the past 5 years and I definitely consider it one of my favorite restaurants in Olde City if not all of Philadelphia. I'm not into sushi at all so i can't say much about that aspect of the restaurant other than it doesn't take a sushi connoisseur to notice how extensive that part of the menu is. I had my first taste of their "sushi" the other night and got the Baja roll that had chicken tempura, cream cheese, kappa, and a spicy sauce. It was pretty tasty and I loved the cream cheese aspect just as I was hoping. It was fairly pricey at $10 considering it was absent of fish. Beware of the spicy sauce because it really did pack a punch...I had to rotate between sushi and pasta just so that I could fully enjoy every piece. 
As I said, I've been to this place tons of times however I have to admit that there are only a few selections that I have tried...and since I love them all so much I usually get all three dishes and call it a night. 
First: Chicken tempura salad. This salad is awesome with an amazing combination of sweet (candied walnuts, red grapes, slices of granny smith apples) and salty (an amazing honey mustard dressing and yummy chicken tempura). I don't think I could ever enter this restaurant without ordering this salad...it's so satisfying. 
Second: Crab quesadillas. They are so flavorful, filled with crab, and accompanied by a little salad of bean sprouts in a vinaigrette that is light and delicious. It's a great sized portion and just sooooo yummy. 
Third: Sauteed Shrimp pasta. Penne in a garlic cream sauce with portobello mushrooms, peas, shrimp, and mini asparagus. Packed with flavor and tastes even better when it's sat in the fridge for a solid day! 
As for drinks, I'm not into champagne unless it's a special occasion so I usually order the Mango Tango martini...very sweet but definitely hits the spot. 
Finally, in my experience, the service at Swanky Bubbles is usually pretty good. I've never felt rushed or abandoned and the wait staff and bartenders are always friendly. 
Last piece of advice...save room for their bread pudding...the best is peanut butter!
4 stars only because I've had so little of their menu!Fill in the blank "This place had good champagne but the food gave me explosive ___________"Went there a few weeks ago, and had the filet mignon, it was cooked just as ordered, and very tasty. Also took some sashimi to go, and the yellow tail was good as well.  They were in the middle of some renovations, but were to have them completed them soon, would go back again.  Easy parking in front too!I like this restaurant. It's small and dark but filled with energy.  The food is great and the portions are good. I ate here a couple of times. I recommend going with a group of friends so you can try most of the food on the menu.Ugh. Absolutely disgusting. We were in Philly for one night and received a high recommendation for this place from a local. They fit us in last-minute, which was great, but the restaurant inside was NOT what we were expecting at all. The floor is all carpeted, which is weird...and there were stains on the carpet upstairs next to our table. Sushi was presented like a mess on a plate.Absolutely love this restaurant...I have been eating here for years. I used to be a regular and was almost there every night. My server was always Diannette but she is no longer there, I think she moved to a sister restaurant.There is a definite attraction for a place that serves Champagne in a dimmed atmosphere with great music in the background and awesome food. I personally always have the "Lick-me-lemon" for a mixed of bubbles with a citrus infusion. The menu has a lot of choices and apart from listing a large number of sushi rolls there are two sections organized into large plates and small plates. Even though I am addicted to sushi. I would strongly advised to venture to try other dishes to fully experience the true Pan-Asian feel of this restaurant. One of the things I learned at this restaurant is that menu items like "The Harmony Salad" which do not sound like much when you read the ingredients are the bedrock of this restaurant. It was suggested by our waitress at the time and I have ordered it every time I have visited this establishment. Other nice surprises include the "Chinese Fried Rice", and the "Calamari". Later in the evening as more people arrive looking for drinks and good music, the table space downstairs is usually downsized somewhat. Having said that I never had a problem getting a good table. On a personal note the wait staff is great, but I tend to ask for Noel. A friendly, upbeat young woman that knows her menu really well and will not remove her eyes from your table ensuring that the needs of even over demanding individuals are always met. If you ask for Noel, tell her that Omar sent you!very good sushi..the decor is nice as well and its located in olde city so you can go to the lounges in the area afterwards
i don't like champagne at all - but they're known for their various champagne concoctions...so if you're into champagne you will enjoy that aspect.I've been to this one, and the one in Cherry Hill.. the one in Cherry Hill was okay (it's closed now, I'm assuming), and I liked it better than this one. But in the end, I did feel they have the same problems (save the ambiance).
The dishes are gigantic and they do taste good.. but it's really rich and one dimensional, that I just get sick of it really quickly.. We generally have to order a plate per person and share. Huge portions means we usually have lots of left overs as well.. Lobster mac and cheese, pad Thai, the ribs.. they're all pretty good, but definitely over priced. I was really reluctant to pay the check at the end.
The idea of family style isn't bad, it's just that the menu items don't really complement each other, they're too one dimensional and rich to be on their own, and the portions are way too big. And not everything they offer is family style.. so the menu seems to have very little focus. Definitely takes me a while to choose something.. I think one of their biggest problems.
Also the inside was so dark that it kind of reminded me of a bowling alley without the black lights, or a pool hall.. the tables were a little sticky and worn down.. and I just felt a little overdressed since I dressed up a little to eat there (it was a friend's birthday and in the old Swanky Bubbles in Cherry Hill, dress attire was a little nicer than casual).
By the end, I wasn't sure if I liked it or not.
So in short: more stanky than swanky ambiance, a little pricey, huge portions, good food.awesome sushi.  the champagne combinations are really interesting.  good place for something new.Swanky indeed.  I loves me some good bubbly - so I was very excited to come here - and have been here thrice total.  The large & small plates are great for sharing.  Sushi is good - but not high-brow.  (Not Shiroi Hana Quality).  The Asian/Fusion fried rice and other dishes were good.
Pricey - but not mind-blowingly so.
Great service all 3 times - and not crowded - but all 3 times we went early.  Good date place.
I'll be back!OMG! I can't believe all the negative reviews that are posted about my fav restaurant. I've been going to Swanky's for about 2 years now and I love it. My personal favorites are their dragon rolls, the sweet temptation roll, and their calamari. I always have a red velvet to drink, and my favorite entree is the chicken tempora salad but instead of chicken tempora I get two skewers of barbecued shrimp. I've been to a good number of restaurants in the city--from Relish to Devons to Table 31 even to stuck up Del Fresco, but I love Swanky's music, dark dining area, and their good ole' Red Velvet.Waaaay too expensive for sub-par sushi. Great place to meet for cocktails/girly things/special events. The wait staff is super friendly which is one of their strong suits :)a great place for sushi and champagne lovers.  don't come here if you aren't used to eclectic variety.I came here on a date sometime last year.  Small, Intimate and fantastic for a first date.  This place is heavy on romantic ambiance and the food is delicious.  I ordered the Filet Mignon with wasabi mashed potatoes.  It was excellent.  Cooked to temp and perfectly seasoned.The bubbles were the only good part of this place- my friend and I both got a glass (I had Chandon blanc de noir, she had a George Something-or-other blanc de blanc), they were both nice and bubbly still, so at least we weren't let down by flat sparkling wine. That's what the 1 star is for.
What we WERE let down by, however, was the sushi. This was, no question, the worst sushi I have ever eaten. Perhaps it was our mistake to limit our food choices to the sushi side of the menu-- but the rest of the menu is so disorganized and confusing I didn't feel like bothering with it.
Maybe previous reviewers who liked the sushi here have never actually eaten good sushi? That's the only explanation I could come up with for anyone describing the sushi from Swanky Bubbles as good.
Before the sushi arrived, a server came over and poured out large dishes of soy sauce. I thought this was really weird. First of all, leave the soy sauce on our table, please! Second of all, not everyone likes a giant lake of soy sauce-- I for one like to mix in an ample pinch of wasabi to make almost a paste... and having a full dish of soy sauce made this impossible. So that was odd.
We ordered 4 rolls: Vegetable Timebomb, Unagi Roll, 247 Roll, and the My Thai. Only one of these, the unagi roll, was anything near tasty. The rest of them were miserable: the rice was completely wrong. So wrong that we could tell as soon as the plate of sushi was brought out-- flat and dense and squished and flattened around the nori and fish. That was the first mistake.
We started trying the various rolls, hoping that maybe they just looked funny but tasted fine... but sadly that was not at all the case. The fish was not good. It was not fresh, it was not flavorful, it did not taste like it was supposed to- the tuna was overwhelmingly fishy and stringy. The salmon was meh- also not very fresh and bland. The My Thai roll- which was supposed to contain spicy sauce, cucumber, poached asparagus, tuna and fresh thai basil, was the most disappointing to me- there was no basil flavor, there was no spicy sauce as far as I could tell, and if it contained asparagus it tasted like wood. Or nothing at all, in fact. 
The vegetable timebomb seemed to have lots of vegetables, as promised... but lots of wasabi? No. Also a boring, flavorless roll and also surrounded by way too much gross rice. The 247 roll was a waste, too- same problems of overly dense rice and unfresh fish. Nasty. The only good thing, I guess, is that I didn't get ill from eating here (it's noon the day after) so I guess I'm better off than some.
We asked our server about the sushi- her explanation was that they have a "different style" of making sushi. Ummm... like making it totally nasty and gross? I don't think I like that style, and I don't think that excuses the plate of stuff we were served: It. Was. Not. Good. From now on, I'm sticking to Koi (N. 2nd Street between Green and Fairmount) for my sushi fix.
We considered ordering something else after we took the first couple bites of sushi... but then decided we didn't want to give them any more money. Glad that we ordered the bubbly- it was the only redeeming feature. Also glad that Franklin Fountain is right around the corner...
Another point: not sure who thinks this place is wheelchair accessible. There are several steps to get in, plus the back part of the dining room is up one more step. That, and the restrooms are located down 10 or so rather steep stairs. So, it's accessible only if you eat outside (there are a few tables on the sidewalk), and don't need to use the restroom.
I strongly urge against eating here if you at all enjoy sushi.For a name like Swanky Bubbles, you would be expecting something with a bit class, yet has a definitive funky kick to it. Instead, you'll get an old 60s jazz club type of feel with furniture that did not feel cohesive. Maybe it works, but for me, it didn't and the menu design felt uninspiring for the setting. It had condensed type tracked so closely together, it was so hard to read. Ok, thats my designer geek coming out, but let's get down to business with food.
The two of us ordered the Surf and Turf Roll, Molten Lava Roll, and the popular Chicken Fried Rice. SB is known for their Asian Fusion dishes, and these were some of their specialties. Sadly, they weren't what I was expecting. Let me explain...
Surf and Turf Roll consisted of caramelized beef, lobster, scallion, cream cheese, and spicy sauce. Sounds different, right? Correct, but does it taste as good as it sounds? Not so much. The "beef" tasted like coarsely grounded beef in a salty glaze. I was expecting a nice slice of steak of some sorts. Lobster was so finely chopped that they could have placed shrimp in there, and it would have fooled me. No individual flavors at all.
The Molten Lava Roll left a better taste in my mouth. It was basically an eel roll that was tempura fried with some siracha and cream cheese. It was tasty, nice flavors, but I wonder how it was taste if it was panko breaded and then fried. 
One of their most popular dishes was their Chicken Fried Rice. Presentation was clever, as it came out overflowing of the take-out box that housed it. We did not enjoy that dish too much. To me, it was very saucy and moist, resembling the taste of Pad Thai? The chicken was well overcooked, and left nothing more to desire. My girlfriend said it was over seasoned. If you are one of those people who like their rice drenched in sauce and super seasoned, then you've found your dream. But to me, it's not the best, so don't believe the hype.
By now, I probably seem like a hater, but don't get me wrong. We ate most of everything and it still delivered a full stomach, but for the price, I was expecting a little bit more technique. I won't be returning.The bartenders are awesome!!!! I
 love the Old City roll. Casual atmosphere but most important,  comfortable,  delicious,  and the entire staff knows my name. It is just nice to be somewhere you are truly greeted and welcomed.chicken fried rice is my favorite thing. good sushi. volcano roll is bangin'Swanky's is a great place to go for a cocktail. The variety of champagne cocktails and mixed drinks is pretty impressive. I haven't had the food, but the place had a steady stream of people coming in for takeout orders, which is always a good sign. The service at the bar was excellent, fast and friendly.
It's a bit on the expensive side and it seems geared more towards Sex & the City fans. That's a big negative if you're looking for a beer & hot wings happy hour. If you're looking for a date spot in Old City, Swanky's is a good choice.The place was on the restaurant make over show. Its a dump. Back to their old ways after the show aired. Skip this place.This place is the spot! I went for restaurant week with the S.O. and we enjoyed the 3 courses thoroughly. We shared a bottle of Champagne and for desert we enjoyed the chocolate fondue. I highly recommend this place. Wear your good shoes, and have her wear a pretty dress. It is a little swankier than I usually like, but hey, you've got to step it up from time to time right?I think that my taste buds have become accustomed to the excellent restaurants NYC has to offer. While visiting a friend in Philly, we went to dinner here. I was completely stumped as to what to make of this place. The menu was exceptionally long, and put into categories of "Hungry" and "Hungrier". That part I didn't mind, but it was an odd selection of certain salads, sushi rolls, steak entrees to chocolate fondue, and Italian influences. Also, the service was terrible. They brought out my friends entree 20 minutes before mine.Small, Nice, Fresh, and Stylish.
Only been there once, and had sushi. The sushi was fresh and yummy. The bar was styling, and colored nicely blue. Many varieties of drinks. The service was good and helpful, and great! Very, very generous, and had a lot of patient with helping with directions.
Great place to bring a few of your friends to hang out for the night!The food was quite good but.......I have to agree with another reviewer about the slow service. The calamari was also on the chewy side.This restaurant was terrible. When we walked in we got a dingy awkward feeling from the decor and atmosphere of the restaurant. There was no one to greet us at the door to seat us at a table and when the manager finally noticed us standing at the door he just told us to sit where ever we'd like. We were so uncomfortable but we decided to stay since we had a groupon. The food was extremely over priced as well as being just ok to taste. The menu was huge and overwhelming, and they were out of some of alcohol needed to make the drinks we wanted from the bar. I will never step foot in the place again. Terrible feeling while dinning at this over priced dingy restaurant. I didn't even want to give this review a star.If you want sushi, I think you should spend your money elsewhere.  The sushi is overpriced and mediocre at best.  The tastiest thing we had was the nori wrapped ahi tuna--I would get that again.  We didn't order any other non-sushi items, so maybe those meals might be alot better?  The service was very good.I'm Seriously addicted to their beef rolls and chicken fried rice!Major disappointment.  Went there after a Thursday off after recommendations from some friends.  Big mistake.
The service sucked miserably.  One waitress for the whole place.  She seated us 2 feet away from spot where she was chatting non-stop with bartender and a regular completely disregarding us.  So it was a combination of someone hovering over our shoulders, loud talk and near total lack of attention.
The food quality did not help much.  Don't get me wrong, everything was fresh and made of quality ingredients, but that is where good stuff ended.   Ginger that went along with maki rolls was bitter, no flavor, just bitterness.  Wasabi looked semi-liquid.  Tea came from a packet.  Pepper overpowered any flavors in virtually every dish.  Goat cheese crisps lacked salt, but were heavily sprinkled in balsamic vinaigrette, making them sour.
Basically food looked good on the menu.  Looked fine on the plate.  Was digestible, but did not please the palette.  
Lastly, the matter of basic customer service.  Over the holidays I got a big book of various discounts in Philly, so seeing a Swanky Bubbles coupon, I wanted to use it.  As understood it cannot be used during holidays and with other specials, so by restaurant staff logic the availability of pris-fixe menu due to restaurant week is a disqualifying factor even if food was ordered a la carte with total exceeding the pris-fixe price.  End result, I did not save $10 and I will not be returning to this place.
The place maybe good in conjunction with champagne, but as a place to have a dinner, it fails.Let me preface this review, that this was my first time dining out at Swanky Bubbles. I booked a reservation for my Friend Regina and myself to celebrate her Birthday. The food, drinks and ambiance were great and I could have really have seen myself going back. Unfortunately, a group of 8 drunken over privledged white girls came in with their short skirts and everything changed. Apparently, the second floor had a private function, so the only place they could sit this group was at the 4 tables for two to the rear of the restaurant. Guess who was sitting at one of the tables?  Regina and me. The manager had the Audacity to come to us and asked us to move to the bar because he had a large party that just came in, with no reservation. I had up until that moment never been  so embarrassed, it changed the dynamic of the evening so I just asked  for the check,still giving the waitress a 25.00 tip on a $130.00 bill, and walked out...By the way, as we were preparing to leave , both the Manager and Waitress disappeared until we were gone. This place was very disappointing and would not recommend anyone patronize this place.Swank is the best! Great place to go out with your girl friends, as I have been with mine many times. It's family style dining so everything on the menu is big enough to share which is great because you get to try more dishes :-). It offers a lot of different plates, however I always order the same ones! The crab quesadillas are melt-in-your-mouth good! I am also a fan of the chicken tempura salad- its very fresh and the candied walnuts add a wonderful sweet taste. 
I have tried their sushi, and despite a few bad encounters with fish eggs on the roll (I am not sure what the proper name is for the fish eggs, hence the debacle I frequently found myself in when ordering certain rolls), I feel that there are plenty of other sushi bars that offer the same freshness and quality but for a more reasonable price. But its worth a try if you want to splurge one night. 
And I agree with Mallory S.- the bread pudding is one of the best I've had!
As for their drinks...it is a champagne bar and I think you should really give one of these types of drinks a try. I would recommend the Metropolis or the Bellini. Cheers!How could I not go to a place called Swanky Bubbles?  And what brilliance- champagne and sushi!  (Once again, another place my broke college student ass didn't even know existed when I lived in Philly....)  The space is small but cozy and the menu was varied.  They have many champagne cocktails, including my new favorite drink, the Barcelona.  I love Red Bull almost as much as champagne....it crossed my mind a few times to mix them together but I thought my husband would think I was nuts.  Once I saw it on the menu I had to try it....fantastic.  :)omg! it was so bad we are never coming here again!
the food was so overpriced and the place smells like cigarette smoke, the table was sticky... on top of really low AC in the summer time... 
it felt like my food was melting the whole time.. sushi was a little too warm for my taste.. my iced water turned to water real fast.. n im pretty sure the cheesecake just straight up melted in front of us.. idk... i lost my appetite even before the food arrived and wanted to leave as soon as i experienced the food... sry.. 
on the plus side, the service was good.. but i hate to say it, you wont see me here again thoughWhy would they return to such a horrible name for a bar?
They had great opportunity to turn it around but failed big time. Avoid.This place is expensive! Luckily we purchased a $30 coupon from Travelzoo which gave us two glasses of champagne cocktails (normally $9 each) and 4 basic sushi rolls. The rolls were a bit small but they were very tasty nonetheless.  The mean normally would have come to $75 which is way too high.  
We ordered: 
Dragon roll (only 4 pieces but it was good) 
Rainbow roll 
Baltimore roll - excellent crab roll 
Alaskan roll 
Afterward, we ordered the chocolate cake which was decadent. 
The place wasn't packed but the service wasn't very fast... I found myself getting pretty hungry by the time our dinner came out. The waiter was nice and even replaced a glass after one of us spilled it. Without a word, there was another champagne on our table within 2 minutes and no extra charge on the bill, so that gets you +1 star.I mean, the drinks are delicious, awesome in fact but ridiculously overpriced.  The atmosphere was a bit stale, and the service disappointingly slow.  It took a 15 minute wait each time at the bar just to get a refill on a round of 2 drinks.  The lechee martini made me a happier patron.. but overall, the experience was mediocre at best.We had a party of 13 and service was poor, food was good, expensive though. Server never smiled or cleared away appetizer plates and table got very crowded.  We had a small cake ($8) from Acme that we  brought to symbolically sing Happy Birthday to a family member who doesn't eat desserts (1/2 of our party doesn't eat sugar).  They asked if we would like our cake cut and was very surprised to see a $25 "cake cutting" charge!  My tab was over $500 and the manager Shannon Jackson was very unapologetic and quite rude when asked about it..."that's our policy".A very cute spot in Olde City with a fantastic menu!!!! I fell in love with the place for its name, and it's one of my "favorite places"! 
The menu seems to contain various cuisines so someone is bound to find something they can eat. Items like Edamame gnocchi, Curried Chicken Dumplings (cannot recommend them enough!!), Crab Cakes, Filet Mignon, Tempura dishes (vegetable or shrimp) , and an extensive list of their very own versions of sushi (some with chicken!?!). This was a fun place to go w/ girlfriends, and the drink menu w the champagne mixed drinks is great! 
A nice atmosphere, with exposed brick walls, we managed to beat the dinner rush. The waitress was very helpful with the questions we had, and I felt welcomed. 
The menu states most items are for sharing, and portion sizes seemed generous. One friend pronounced the chicken Friend rice the best they had ever had. I would also recommend the calamari 
I really cannot wait to go back again!Pretty Bad -  This place is really a lounge/bar/club that serves some sushi.  It's probably ok if you are in college or young 20s and want to go out for a late dinner and mostly drinks.  Other than that...DON"T GO HERE!  
Service - Decent/Good.  Nice and attentive waitress.
Quality Ratio/Price - Terrible - Ripoff - On the surface the pricing isn't terrible (Rolls were $5-$10, Crab Cake was $22 and other entrées were in the teens to low $20s) but quality was TERRIBLE.  The rolls were pretty much rice rolls with a little bit of fish.  The Crab Cake was definitely made days ago and had been sitting around.  Terrible.  Unless you drown your taste buds with booze/champagne you will realize that the food here is terrible.
Atmosphere/Ambiance - They have some cool decor but the chairs are bar chairs and if you see the floor you will get grossed out.  It is high volume carpet that has clearly had many drinks spilled on it.  The place has no sound buffering so you can hear what people adjacent tables are saying.  The place is meant to be loud.
Drinks - There thing is champagne cocktails.  I thought they were ok. I am not a champagne drinker so I don't have the most discriminating tastes.
Location- It's on Front Street just south of Market which is nice if you wanted to grab dinner and drinks and then head somewhere else.The location is in a new and upcoming section of the city and provides for an interesting change to Center City and Old City.  The overall floor plan is an old Philadelphia row home made into a restaurant though they pulled it off. 
The service is the only point that I am deducting stars for at this time. It was my first visit and I had a reservation and it was held up by the hostess.  The issue was that almost ten minutes passed before someone asked for our drink menu.
The music at the beginning was soft enough to hear my wife speak but as the night went forward it got louder.I have to say, with a name like Swanky Bubbles, I was expecting something more...bubbly? It was much more subdued than I had thought it would be. 
I came with a bachelorette party of 16 girls, so everyone was pretty lubricated by the time we sat down. I shared some veggie tempura (a little heavily battered, but yummy) and had an unagi role and the Big Sexy Role (how could I not, with a name like that?). The unagi roll was not the best I've had, but pretty good, and the Big Sexy was a little heavy on the rice, but if you took a little off it was PERFECT - crunchy spicy umami goodness. A glass of the cheapest champagne on the menu (7$) was fabulous. 
It was a little more expensive than I would have liked, but not prohibitively so, and the entrees were pretty reasonable. With so much incredible, cheap sushi in the city I don't know when I'd be back except with another bachelorette calling for bubbly, but I won't complain when the time comes.This place never really gets old, the Chilean sea bass and the bread pudding, edame gnocchi. Try It!!Way too overrated. Mediocre food, interesting atmosphere, and overpriced menu. Service is alright but in Philadelphia why compromise when there are much better choices?Went with my parents and the 3 of us ordered a lot, and at the end of dessert were quite happy and stuffed. Warning, we are big eaters though!
Got the:
1. crying shrimp roll (4pcs): tempura shrimp, avocado, kappa (=cucumber), mango, spicy sauce (we got it without! not spicy fans), tobiko (some kind of fish eggs), lettuce, eel glaze. Was really interesting with the mango in there! Probably our favorite roll, but I was a little disappointed that there wasn't a very good crunch to it. But still delicious!
2. shrimp tempura: very good. not your typical shrimp tempura (long and thin), but more American in style (small, curled up), but still good! the sauce that came with it, however, was terribly salty. it was not tempura sauce. not sure what it was! even saltier than soy sauce! and I like salty!
3. chicken fried rice: very good. not the best I've ever had (that by far goes to Kyoto Palace in Campbell, CA), but it was very good. Can't say I was a fan of the tomatoes in it, but it was overall very delicious. We finished almost the entire thing, and it is a LARGE portion. Oh, and cute presentation. On a plate, a Chinese to-go container, rice overflowing out onto the plate.
4. goat cheese tartlets: AMAZING. maybe my favorite thing of the night, although I do loooove cheese. Misnamed in my opinion. They weren't tartlets like made with philo dough, but just quesadillas really. With a little bit of delicious balsamic something or other drizzled over top. Phenomenal. Must have if you like cheese. And I'm not even usually a huge goat cheese fan. Great. 5 stars.
5. crab quesadillas: I'm not a huge crab person and these were good. My parents loved them.
6. Baja roll (chicken tempura, cucumber, cream cheese, cilantro): it was pretty good. Wish the cilantro flavor came out a little more. But good.
And for dessert, the 3 of us split:
7. a Thai banana split: small (much too small) scoop of ice cream, bananas, and deep fried something I forget. It was good, but the lack of ice cream was frustrating. Oh wait, I think the bananas were deep fried in the dough. Hmm..now I'm just confused.
8. a small (they have small or large) chocolate fondue: came with a variety of fruits (apples, bananas, strawberries, honeydew, watermelon, grapes...the 2 melons are unnecessary in my opinion), and pound cake I think, and marshmallows I think. There was NOWHERE NEAR ENOUGH CHOCOLATE. We ended up eating so much fruit without chocolate. Which considering how much food we ordered was probably fine, but for the price (I think probably $7 or 8) that was upsetting. But then again...not too upsetting. I was in a food coma. Incapable of becoming too upset.
But yeah, I'd say this isn't a dessert place. Could walk over to Franklin Fountain instead. If you have room left.
All in all, I would go back for the atmosphere, and definitely to try the champagne, and for the goat cheese tartlets. And I'd probably get the crying shrimp roll again. Warning: the spicy sauce is REALLY FREAKIN spicy. We got it on half of our Baja rolls and it was just sooooo spicy. I'm fine with spicy sometimes, but damn. That's hot.
THE BILL: Oh, and the bill for those 8 items, and I think one soda, was $110 including tax.
PARKING: If you're driving (which you really shouldn't...blue line lets you off right there!), there is parking all along Front Street. We parked about a block and a half away from the restaurant and it was $20. We were annoyed when we walked up to the restaurant and valet parking was only $16. Oh well. Live and learn.
Thanks Swanky Bubbles for a yummy night out! And thanks parents, for covering the bill! :)"Pull over, you must pull over" rang out into the night from a cop's loud speaker off 95, and attracted me, my buddy Dave, and a server at Swanky Bubbles to the street corner to see what was going on.  Anyway, we struck up a conversation, got offered some free drinks at Swanky Bubbles and ended the night on a great note in a pretty relaxed, yet classy atmosphere - a far cry from the way we started the night at Club 27.I checked this out on a Monday night and was surprised that there were quite a few other people there. The ambiance fits the swanky title. I think it would be fun for a girls night. The drinks are delicious!!! The food was pretty good. I was surprised about some of the items on the menu (in a good way). It was a little pricey.We had two rolls and a champagne cocktail. That already put us at the $40 mark. 
Let me make this point before I start with my experience on the rolls. With this place being called "Swanky" Bubbles, I expected a lot better. When they brought out the soy sauce dishes for the sushi rolls, you really can't help but laugh. I've seen better dipping dishes at a street stall in HK. I really should have taken a picture. These will at most probably run you a dime each at a local Chinese market. 
It's not so much that the price was high, but that it was extremely high for what it was. Meanwhile rolls normally come 8 pieces a roll they came 6, and they were not any larger then the 8 piece rolls. Fine, so it came in a 6 piece, maybe it was incredible? It was not. Like many of my other reviews on sushi, there's really one two things they need to make sure they get correct. It is the freshness and the rice. The rice was bland, it was plain white rice, unflavored. The only joy I found in eating that was the amount of wasabi I had to put in it to flavor it. 
The cocktail. I opted for a watermelon champagne. It smelled like watermelon, but it didn't taste it unfortunately. 
The swankiness of this place is the price. I really don't think they have much to show for it. with a glass of Andre sparking wine making a dip for your wallet at $9, you wish you had just bought 2 bottles of that stuff and drank at home; where at least if you love yourself enough, your dining set would look a lot nicer. Just order Sushi take out at a local Chinese Fast Food joint to match.Noel no longer works there. So do not bother asking for her anymore.  That makes me take away a half star but I cannot.This place has the best sushi and martini's. One of my favorite places until recently. The bald bouncer (i guess you could call him that) was so rude to me and a friend when the bar closed at 2am.  There was still some people in there at that time and he hovered over me saying "time to go guys" and literally stared at me til I moved out of the chair. Great Service!!!! Trying to indimidate a girl.Even if the incredibly gimmicky concept holds some appeal to you: be warned that the food is just not good.  Philly has places that make vastly superior sushi for half the price, and, I assume, there are tackily decorated bars with a large selection of girly martinis elsewhere in the old city.
Bottom line: if somebody gives you a free Groupon to this place, don't let your cheapness get the better of you like I did.I love me a champagne bar and a nice, tall glass of bubbly never hurt nobody!
Swanky is dark and sulty, sexy and fun. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The mood is loud and food is good. Mostly Asian inspired food. Miso cod, great calamari salads, creative sushi rolls. Things you didn't expect to go well with champagne, but really does. 
They hold Halloween parties sometimes and the creativity and awesomeness of some of these costumes are so fun. I love this historical district and taking a walk down these cobblestone streets where Swanky occupies. Been here a few times now and still enjoy it very much.
If you're driving here, good luck because parking is ridiculous.Delicious sushi, excellent champagne selection and great bartending. I spent two new years in a row here. The place is a little cosy so it gets hectic at times, so if you're looking for an intimate time then I suggest getting there before 830pm.They don't have ketchup.* 
I ate at Swanky Bubbles last night for my friend's birthday/Restaurant Week. 
Two of us rode together, and got there a little before our friend, so we just sat at the bar for a few minutes. The bartenders were friendly, and I fully intended to order a drink once we were seated at our table, but they hovered a little bit, so I decided to just go ahead and order one there. I ordered a "Tastes Like Purple" because I was intrigued by the name. The drink was fabulous, and as advertised, tasted EXACTLY like "purple." 
So we were seated and our friend arrived shortly thereafter. Our waiter, Anton, was the greatest - more on him later. 
We opted for the Restaurant Week menu after perusing the full menu - I just wasn't in the sushi mood. The entrees are served family style, so for our first course, we ordered the Goat Cheese Crisps with apples, walnuts and field greens, the Mixed Greens Salad and the Fried Calamari with spicy chili sauce. I really enjoyed the calamari, and the mixed greens salad was pretty good. I thought the goat cheese crisps (which were like goat cheese quesadillas) left a little to be desired. 
For my entree I ordered the Crispy Beef, which was small pieces of steak served over a bed of french fries (lol, I know) and drizzled with spicy mustard. So yeah...it tasted fabulous! 
* One of my friends also ordered it, and wanted ketchup for her fries. Anton informed her that they didn't have ketchup, and after we all just looked at him, he offered to bring us some more of the mustard for our fries. 
For dessert I ordered the chocolate cake which was wonderfully moist (I hate that word, but it's the only one that fits here), chocolatey and delicious! 
Now here's why Anton was such a great waiter. After we finished dessert, we sat at the table and talked for like two hours. Anton didn't hover, Anton didn't walk past and tap his watch, none of that. In fact, he kept refilling our water glasses. 
So yeah, because of the "Purple", the Crispy Beef, the chocolate cake and Anton, this place gets a solid 4 stars. I didn't think the decor was all that fab (it kinda looked like a Flintstones/Love Boat fusion), and the appetizers left something to be desired. In case you can't tell by now from reading my reviews, service is KEY with me when dining out. I was gonna give this place a 3, but because of our patient and friendly waiter, this place gets another star from me.  In fact, I left him a "You've been Yelped" card*, so if he reads this...thanks!
* Carrie, is there any way I can get more of those cards?  I think I'm all out.What a great place!  The Drink menu is actually exciting!  Will be going back for the Sushi.  Service is excellent.  Grab an outside table and watch the River.  Great place to relax and have drinks!Swanky bubbles 
in my mind, 
Swanky bubbles,
spend my dime....
Multiple friends and coworkers RAVE about Swanky Bubbles, and with a name like SWANKY BUBBLES, how could I not believe them? (Similar to Kristin S.)   First off, I was able to get a Saturday night reservation for 4 on opentable.com (I love love love opentable!!).  Very awesome.  I had the blondie cocktail--champagne, vanilla infused liquor, and a splash of something fruity--SO YUM.  Of all our entrees, the Polynesian crab cakes and lobster risotto tied for first, and the barbecued shrimp for second.  The edemame gnocci were starchy--ick--and the chicken spring rolls were not good.  However, I would go back to SB for the ambiance and cocktails, but not for food.  If you don't like fish or sushi, just imbibe and you'll forget you're hungry--there aren't many options for non-fish eaters.I love this place! One of the first places that my finace took me to in Philly, and I have been a fan ever since.
I must admit, when he told me we were going to a place called swanky bubbles I was a little worried, I know it sounds like a cheesy strip joint, but it could not be farther from it.
They have a great champagne list, but they also have some great signature mixed drinks and champagne cocktails. 
The food is also great! I recommend the sushi, and a must try is the wasabi mashed potatoes! They are awesome!
I find myself getting cravings for this place all the time. It never gets old!I ate here with a party of people, the topic of conversation wasn't how everyone was doing, what was happening in the news, or good  movies. Instead, it was about how awful the food and service were. The sushi is TERRIBLE, it's only a step above supermarket boxed sushi, a very small step. They are aether using the wrong grain or are simply too incompetent to cook it for the right duration, whatever the case, the rice was very soggy and non of the ingredients tasted fresh. This wouldn't be the worst if it was cheap, but its not, at $12 a roll I expected much more.
I am an Asian person so I've had Asian food my whole life, "authentic" and "fusion".  Swanky Bubbles is neither. My friend had a Chicken Tempura Salad, it amounted to nothing more than boneless deep-fried chicken with some greens. She said the chicken tasted like it was from a Chinese take-out place, which isn't a crime but it's definitely ridiculous to consider that "fusion". I had lobtster risotto, don't get it if you have the chance. They provided a very large portion but it simply was not tasty, however, I do not has much experience with risotto, so I can't critique it on a technical basis, but I can say I barely ate half of it and didn't want to take any of it home.
The waiters were inattentive and unapologetic about the slow service. I've never waited so long for my water to be refilled. The "party room" is poorly decorated and cramped; the carpets look dingy and the furniture was functional but uninspired.Champagne cocktails are their speciality and they are amazing. Great variety. Sushi is pretty good but not spectacular.  Good place to start the night with a roll and couple cocktails.Took one of my pals for her bday here one night a few summers ago and I still come back. I was nervous that everyone was going to be really snooty here, not the case at all. The champagne coctails are delicious, interesting and a nice change of pace from my usual vodka tonic's. I love the Hell's Fury roll, it's spicy and addictive. The Surf and Turf roll is the bomb. Kind of sweet and salty, like no other sushi i've ever had before. Wonderful service. I always make a reservation when I come here, just because I can, but theres never been an awkwardly big crowd hanging around waiting for a table. The atmosphere is nice, kind of an old 50's vibe meets steven starr.  Definately give it a try if you have a special occasion.Based on the food and drink I would give this place a 4, however we were crammed in to a little corner to eat and I didn't have a whole lot of space to eat.  I had an orange chicken breast which was pretty good.The price point for sub-par has apparently risen.
My party of four and I came here for my wifes birthday. 
While the food wasn't terrible it wasn't something to write home about either. The staff was courteous but the place was dirty. The Bathrooms stunk and there was a certain "air" of the place. When we got the bill it was  200 some dollars. We each had one drink.
Then when we left, there was a grifter looking into the cars parked along the curb and a guy asking for change. 
No thanks Swanky, not worth it to pay to park, worry about my car and have to foot a ridiculous bill.This past Saturday is the LAST time we will ever eat there again.  We were a large group there to celebrate a friends birthday.
Well - the waitress (and perhaps also one of the managers - an asian lady) was quite rude and indifferent the entire time we were there. It wasn't just my impression - we all commented on it after leaving.
Their food is very good as are their drinks.  But for $50 a person we expect at least decent treatment and service, not this cold fish of a woman who clearly felt we were imposing on her to patronize the restaurant.  Not one smile.  Not one, "how is everything - is the food ok"?
And since our party was large we got stuck with a mandatory 20% for her hideous service. NEVER again.  We don't mind spending a lot when we go out - but to be treated that way?  Forget it!  It's inexcusable.I went last Friday with lovely friend of mine for restaurant week. We changed reservations on them like five times and the hostess was SOOOO nice about that! Once we arrived, she explained it was going to be a wait but then sat us 15 minutes later!! Champagne cocktails are delicious!! I had the "Bubble-Lee".. Ordered Calamari and crispy beef which was cooked meduim and DELICIOUS!!! 
When the waitress brought our second round, she accidently shattered the stem of the champagne glass in my plate! She offered to bring a WHOLE new one but I had already eaten 2/3 of the plate and did not want to be toting food around for the rest of the night so I declined. However, she did not COMP a blessed thing! I thought she would at least offer a free $10 cocktail! Even with sharing paltes, this evening can get pretty pricey! We had the restaurant week special $35 for app, dinner, desert and two cocktails each and each spent $70. 
Also, the bathrooms are unisex and even though I LOCKED the door, I was totally walked in on by some random man who proceeded to tell me that it wasn't locked with the door open while I am HOVERING over the toilet! I don't know that that is a reflection ont he restaurant per se.... but it's funny in retrospect! "CLOSE THE DOOR!"
Swanky Bubbles was A-ok!So I went with my friend Jeff to Swanky on a non-date (where you dress up and act like it's a date without the awkwardness and making out); we both had gift certs that were given as rewards from work.  Turns out we were psyched to not spend too much of our own money here.  Okay... top to bottom: Atmosphere: I mean, huh?  A cave behind the bar?  Ugly carpeting?  Typical Top 40 crap in the background?  Bathrooms down a questionable set of stairs... Should they be sending people high on the bubbly down small steps?  The best part of it was the smaller touches; table tops, dishes, flatware, chopsticks.  Service: Okay, our server was very polite and had all the accoutrement of classy waitstaff.  However, he left our plates on the table long after we had finished, and I waited a while to order another drink at one point.  I expect eye contact, at least; you don't have to hover, but I want to know that you know that we're there!  Look over even if you're not Coming over.  Food: Decent.  My companion didn't care for sushi to begin with, but he was brave.  It did not convert him.  I found that many of the rolls had either cream cheese or spicy sauce, which in my opinion screams, "Lazy!"  I think Jeff liked the filet okay... We also had a salad with warm mozzarella and a pesto vinaigrette - this is the item that my palate remembers liking the most.  The cocktails were good; no complaints there (except they took a long time; but i think those fancy drinks do take a minute to make).  And the bartender had a nice serving style with the shaker that caught my eye immediately.  In closing... I would love to go to Swanky again, but just for drinks at outside tables.Expected more for this Olde City establishment so called "Swanky". 
Food: Ok but not memorable and certainly not worth the price
My sister & I started off with Calamari, Volcano Lobster Roll & Salmon Roll. All of which pleased my appetite. 
Following this we ordered the Lobster Risotto priced at 22. When the dish arrived we were sadly disappointed not to find not one chunk, piece of Lobster. Instead there were chunks of tomato's which i am not sure if they were trying to fool us or they ran out of Lobster but after 2 servings my sister and I found no trace of Lobster. Waste of money.
Service:
Lacking. We were seated all the way in the back corner where my chair was right in the middle of the entrance to the kitchen. Our waiter barely paid us any mind and with the restaurant more then half empty I expected better service/attention.
Ambiance: Whoa. This place needs a complete makeover. The chairs were uneven beat up looking, The carpet looked like it had been there since before the establishment opened and also had rips/tears all over the stairs. This is not the SWANKY I was expecting in Olde City Philadelphia. 
I will not be heading back to this place anytime soon. Maybe just for some bubbly.mongo said this was the only place in philly he had to take me. his eyes danced as he recalled the last time he was able to feast on the savory goodness of their fried rice.
me: it's just fried rice
mongo: noooo. theirs is different. trust me.
me: whatever.
LATER @ SWANKY BUBBLES
this fried rice is no joke. huge. overflowing.... out of a pint sized carton. nice presentation. taste-wise --- I don't get the magic. it's definitely good, but the best? I don't know about that. 
now, the bubble box is boss! it's the uber appetizer and totally worth it if you love chicken. 
service was excellent and the ambience is pretty intimate as they keep it dim and candle lit. pretty surprised to see the poor reviews as I had a great nite there and will surely be back.This was one of our favorite restaurants for a while because of the great food and friendly service. However, on our most recent visit, the attitude given to our party by the manager, both before dining and after spending hundreds of dollars on cuisine and wine, was inexcusable. We will never eat there again.  Bad management.  Shout out to the Spike Lee wannabe manager dude who knows nothing about customer service!!!this place sucks. we went there for restaurant week and the menu wasnt worth it. the sushi rolls had way too much rice and not enough fish... the beers were like $8.00 each. dont go!I like to come here for sushi w/ my wife, who doesn't like sushi because they have many options for her.  They have a beef sushi which we both enjoyed.  I usually get the sushi sampler tray and I enjoy it every time.  Love the seaweed salad too.  Good experiences all the time.This place is a good fit for young, hip and easily amused audience that likes poor service, crowded scenes and mediocre food at hi-quality prices. 
Cocktails is the only redeeming quality of the place.Lets just say I'm not a fan of overpriced, salty sushi. People sweat this place but I suggest leave it for them. If you do go just enjoy your $20 martini and then hop over to somewhere else.I came here to dine with my exboyfriend and his friends for his last hurray in the summer. It's a small place. The sushi that we ordered was good but not good enough for the price that they charged. I could've probably ordered better sushi somewhere else that doesn't classify itself as "fine dining". 
The location is perfect walking distance to south street and the walk way to penns landing. I wouldn't come back here for the sushi but I would definitely come back to try other dishes.The first and last time I ate here I was about a month pregnant and craving all things Sushi. Sad to say, I have experienced better takeout in Bethlehem when I was working at a car dealership and they would order takeout. 
The layout is supposed to look funky and chic... instead it looked like they were trying way too hard for that Uptown-Manhattan vibe. The lighting sucked and the servers were not all that helpful. 
My ex took me and at the time was not much of a Sushi eater, but seemed to be just fine with what I though was a bland pre-assembled California Roll. It was cold and stiff and the ginger was not fresh either. 
I ordered a Spicy Tuna Roll, California Roll and a side of Steamed Sticky Rice. Not very pleased. The Tuna did not seem very fresh, and the rice was beyond sticky...almost overcooked. 
Although I have experienced good Sushi living back East, since moving to California I say, unless you are going to come to Cali to see how its made, just leave Sushi to the West Coast...
The tab came after I begged him to just let us leave and grab some cheese fries. Over 60 dollars for everything. Overall, too expensive for the kind of Sushi that I can get for 80% less price and WAY better quality. Save your money.We stopped in last night (a MONDAY) when we discovered that DOMA was closed on Mondays.
I had not been back to Swanky Bubbles in about 2 years - and things are not nearly as good as I remember.  The prices are higher, the sushi is "meh" and the lobster/crab mac 'n cheese tasted fishy and reminded me of a $24 tuna casserole.
The $8.00 4 piece "Rain Forest" roll (vegetarian) came with a wasabi cream that I swear was whisked wasabi mayo.
Meanwhile food was a 2 star and service about 4.
Dave, the bartender was a swwetheart and treated our 5 year old like a princess.  She loved her (bland) lobster maki.
The best part?  Delicious chocolate fondue.
A downer?  STALE poundcake chunks and tasteless melon balls (who puts melon in fodue?  Some pineapple would have been nice.)
Next time we'll probably go elsewhere.My fiance and I went here to try somewhere new and we love sushi! However, we left a little disappointed. 
The sushi is great, we had no complaints. I enjoyed a roll with slices of apple in it. Different than the norm!
The cocktails are tasty but not as exciting as the name "Swanky Bubbles" would lead you to believe. You will be dropping $7-10 on each and they are the size of a normal serving of champagne. 
Inside is alot smaller than you would guess. We went late (9pm) on a Friday and were able to be seated right away. I'm guessing if you want to come on earlier a Friday or Saturday you will need a reservation. The bar is small but maybe a champagne cocktail here would be a tasty way to start the night? Our waitress was friendly and attentive, no complaints at all.
We spent about $75 for 4 rolls, edemame and 2 cocktails. Eh, ok. A little pricey, will probably not go back.My favorite restaurant.  Love the champagne cocktails. LOVE the Surf & Turf roll. Amazing. I have never had a bad meal here.When I first heard the name Swanky Bubbles, I'll be honest, I thought this birthday dinner party I would be attending was at a strip club. I mean, what kind of restaurant names itself Swanky Bubbles? Just sayin'
Anyways, the food and drinks here are ridiculously overpriced. I ordered the chicken fried rice, which they give you a large portion of, but for $15, I don't think it was worth it at all. You can go to Chinatown and get fried rice for about $10 less. The only reason I ordered this was based on the reviews I read about the portion being large for the fried rice and I didn't want to take a risk on ordering anything else that would leave me hungry. It was a good call since it seemed like all the food my friends ordered were very small portions.
The service was really slow. The food took forever to come out and they even forgot some orders it seemed. We had to ask several times before the waiters finally came around to refill our water. I did like the presentation of the food, but the service really made me dislike this place. The only good thing about my visit here was having dinner and spending time with friends.Great champagne list, great service and solid sushi. I took my girlfriend here for our one year anniversary and we both enjoyed that atmosphere. It really had a diverse crowd. While I will admit to being a somewhat of a sushi snob, having spend time in both Japan and Seattle, the sushi was fresh, but not head turning.  We had a great time and everyone else seemed to also. The  chocolate fondue was the perfect finishing touch.Ok...this place has an intriguing name but that is about it. 
The food is average at best, is woefully understaffed, and gives off a confused vibe. 
I don't expect to return.
They got some Shwanky Troubles.