I have been going to Sweet Freedom now for about 4-5 months...I first heard of them when they were featured on a Groupon deal. Being vegan, I was overjoyed to find a vegan bakery in center city, and I have never been disappointed in my many visits there!
My personal favorite is the creme sandwich cookies, of which they usually have 2-3 different varieties of. They are probably the best vegan cookies that I have ever had, and I have tried many. 
It is my pleasure to support a locally owned small business that is doing its best to compete in a world that is dominated by corporate foods...and one that uses NO animal products in their baked goods. If people want to boycott Sweet Freedom because they perceive it as not being "vegan", well it's your loss!Thank you! Thank you! To the person whose brainchild this was. As a mom, it's a rare treat to walk in any other bakery with your child who is GF/DF and tell her to pick any treat she wants!!As a non-celiac/non-vegan, these baked goods just tasted super dry. Though I will say, for vegans and celiacs, this is probably the best they can do with regards to baked goods.
For now, I'll stick to my milk, eggs and glutenous foods. Bottomline, if you're vegan/celiac go here, everyone else just find a good regular bakery.I really like this place--hands-down the healthiest dessert fare in Philly. I'm vegan and gluten-free, so naturally I love it. My only complaint is that there isn't great vibe inside the shop--wish there were Pandora going or something. I think that would make a huge difference. Otherwise, highly recommend going for takeout and bringing to parties, events, or just your own kitchen.damn you, sweet freedom! why do you have to tempt me with your delicious goodness? (of course, it doesn't make it any easier that i received a gift card on my birthday from a very thoughtful mother.) 
i decided to stray from my standby cookie sandwich (since my last one here wasn't that great) and delve into the world of cupcakes. bad idea because now all i do is dream of cupcakes. i've had the samoa and the german chocolate kinds because i'm a sucker for coconut. both are phenomenal but if i had to pick a la sophie's choice, i'd go with the samoa. i've been exercising all kinds of restraint to keep myself from going to sweet freedom daily to sample more cupcakes.Ohhhhh Sweet Freedom indeed!
I actually found Sweet Freedom online during my big lactose free wedding cake fiasco. (for financial reasons I couldn't use sweet freedom and will have a home baked little cake for myself to cut). 
I met with one of the owners, Megan, who was FANTASTIC. She was very laid back and friendly as well as knowledgeable and helpful. She offered a ton of different options to us as far as size flavor and decoration. She had some great insight to even offer me should I not choose her and go with a regular bakery, regarding cross contamination etc that you have to deal with for food allergies. I also found it inpressive that she actually said hello to each and every customer that walked in on that busy saturday afternoon. I love that. I even got a chance to talk with the cake decorator, who was seriouslyjust as sweet as the cupcakes she decorates!!
I only had a chance to buy the caramel toffee cupcake, a chocolate cupcake, a cookie, a vanilla cupcake and a slice of tomato pie.
All fantastic, although I'm partial to the chocolate.
I'll be back soon...after the wedding so i don't have to worry about not fitting into my dress!!!! :) Hands down a great place for people with food allergies!!!!Great vegan, allergen free bakery, with both traditional and edgy goods.  They have a wide variety of treats -- doughnuts, cupcakes, cookies, and bars.  I had the chocolate cayenne lime cookie -- the cookies are thin and slightly crisp, which I guess is to be expected from an allergen free cookie. It was tasty and had a nice spicey bite.  Not bad for $1.65.  Also tried a sample of the chocolate chip cookie, which is not noteworthy (skip it) and the magic bar which was just okay.  They list out all their ingredients for those avoiding certain foods. I will probably be back for a cupcake -- I feel like icing is the real test for an allergen-free spot.
Don't expect "normal" treats, because that's not what they're about.It's fine, but not great. I wouldn't come back. Their sweets looked and tasted mediocre.If you have crazy allergies this is the place to be. I admit, I have celiac and dairy intolerance so I was pumped for this place. It's quite pricey and they don't use any preservatives so make sure you eat whatever you get quickly-learn from my mistake. If you're just gluten free and want something close to a real brownie, this isn't the place for you. But if you want vegan, dairy free, etc. then go here. It's not bad if you have all these restrictionsLoved the fruit tart that we had here today! I am always amazed at the quality of the baked goods here! The blondie that I took home for the family was a hit!To anyone with food allergies, this place is probably amazing. Coming from someone who doesn't have food allergies and is vegan, I have had MUCH better desserts. Nothing is outstanding and most items are just okay. 
My suggestion if you have food allergies: Enjoy, because you probably don't get these desserts often.
My Suggestion if you're vegan with no allergies: Walk a street over to Govinda's who get's some AMAZING desserts from Vegan Treats. Now those treats will really make you happy!This vegan/gluten free bakery is a wonderful little treat during my Philly trips. If I lived nearby I might have an addiction. Those cookie sandwiches are ridiculous!Thank heavens for Sweet Freedom Bakery. I made my first stop there last week for a Valentine's day treat with my fiance. I got the chocolate cupcake, chocolate chip cookie, and a brownie. Yeah, I ate all of it. The chocolate chip cookie was definitely the BEST allergen-free cookie I've ever had. I need to go get more ASAP. The cupcake had sort of a weird texture, but I usually expect that when eating allergen-free. The brownie was also amazing. Great texture, soft but just a little bit crusty on the outside, super chocolately and delicious. For anyone that has apple or banana allergies like me, make sure to double check ingredients because apple sauce and banana is sometimes used in their recipes!They use really good ingredients that are displayed under every item which I liked. It was just very pricey for a cupcake and the coffee I walked out with was cold. Overall, it was a good cookie with good ingredients.Not tasty and certainly not worth the price.  I get it.  Your baked good are dairy free, meat free, soy free, egg free, nut free and most importantly taste free.  I have all the respect in the world for people with special diets whether it be medical or moral, but when you engage in that type of diet you have to give up certain things.  if you are a vegan who does not eat soy, guess what - you need to give up tasty desserts.  
Also, at the prices they charge this place needs to learn to take credit.Super delicious cookie sandwiches. Oh my goodness. And tomato pie when they have it is a true treat for the gluten-free crowd -- those who can scarf down real pizza are advised to do so. However anyone could appreciate the yummy cookies. And t hey sell cupcake tops separately if you like -- so you can buy just the best part of the cupcakes!!! Awesome! I give this place high marks for tasty factor and health factor!This was a cute bakery that did have all the restrictions covered.. but my magic bar was very dry and felt more like a dry protein bar than a yummy dessert, maybe I should have gone with a cupcake or something..YES. gluten-free and super healthy...and still delicious. yes, I will admit that some of the items on the menu taste unique, and maybe not like typical bakery items...BUT as a gluten-free consumer, I am impressed with the creativity of the desserts, given the limited ingredients. I'm also always excited for donuts and cupcakes.I'm a vegan and my father in law picked me up some treats from Sweet Freedom...DELICIOUS. I'm looking forward to placing an order or going in sometime it the near future! Maybe they'll make my birthday cake!Thankfully, I am one of the fortunate ones who has no food allergies and can eat anything my little heart desires. Unfortunately, many folks suffer from Celiac disease, ( gluten ), dairy, corn, eggs, peanuts and soy. Sweet Freedom Bakery in Philadelphia is the only totally gluten, egg, dairy, corn, peanut, soy, wheat, casein free bakery in Philadelphia, which also makes it not only kosher but vegan friendly.
They use no refined sugars and instead rely on coconut sugars, agave nectar and pure maple syrup for sweetening. Flours range from brown to white rice, fava  or garbanzo beans and sorghum. They have cakes, pies, cookies, brownies, loafs, muffins, crisps and cupcakes and will ship nationwide!
The pumpkin products have too much ginger in them, I could not even detect the pumpkin in the sandwich cookie, nor the cupcake, I love ginger, but I wanted to taste the pumpkin too. The sandwich cookies are quite large and were both of our favorites. The very friendly young girl who helped us pick and choose, suggested we try to freeze them, " it will be like eating ice cream sandwiches" 
SO we got... A pumpkin sandwich cookie filled with an abundance of cream cheese filling, a chocolate chip sandwich cookie filled with a chocolate ganache, an oatmeal raisin filled sandwich cookie, a chocolate, chocolate chip sandwich cookie filled with a mint filling, a few cupcakes, fruit crisp, a chocolate brownie, cinnamon rolls, two slices of the triple chocolate cake and oatmeal raisin cookies.
The cinnamon rolls were surprisingly good as well as the sandwich and oatmeal cookies. We did find most of the products to be dry, but then again we are used to tolerable ingredients, so I give it a thumbs up for those who have long suffered and been without life's sweeter indulgence. 
So my dear friend Gretchen can crave her gluten free sweet tooth via transit and hey brian they make an awesome rhubarb apple crisp!  (3.5)Ok so I was turned on to this place many years ago by a friend.  I'm not on a gf diet nor do I have any other food allergies/sensitivities so I was not seeking them out. Yet I continue to go back all these years later whenever I'm in the neighborhood.   
The reason I continue to return?  The chocolate chip cookie sandwiches!  Yum-they have a interesting texture, I'm sure due to the gf ingredients and the rest, and a great taste!  I also really enjoy the magic bars and crumbles of whichever fruit they are serving up.  Today it was a tasty and texturally satisfying apple crumble.  There are additional treats like cupcakes, quick breads and other cookies.  
They have a good tea selection and drip coffee, which I've never tried because I just don't do drip, and also a cold case of water bottles and other drinks.  There is a small seating area.  
I don't usually like to add reviews to establishments that have as many as SF already has but I felt like they really weren't getting full credit with any 3 stars or less.  Their flavors are really something to enjoy!  And I love that I can enjoy unrefined sweets without all the animal fats and/or preservatives.  
Check it out!I like Sweet Freedom for a few reasons. I've never had a less than really pleasant experience there, their stuff is gluten free & vegan, and they have specials fairly often (which they advertise via their twitter on the day of.)
I've been their customer at least a dozen times already and I'll definitely be back in the future when i need to grab dessert for something. 
Important: as far as the cupcakes go, i really 100% prefer the chocolate to the vanilla. The vanilla is just eh. The icing itself is always pretty incredible. Their items do not hold up well in the heat either, so keep that in mind if you're going to a bbq or something this summer.
That being said though...check out their twitter and give them a try when they are having a special to see if they are for you.A remarkable find in the midst of center city west!  The unbelievably delectable delicacies of this charming cookery utilize only vegan, all-natural ingredients. The service is splendid!My wife recently found out she has food sensitivities to a variety of foods, including dairy, soy, gluten and sugar. Obviously, this makes it difficult to have any sort of baked goods. But I found Sweet Freedom online, and we checked it out when we visited Philadelphia for a day.
The results? Easily the best allergy-friendly baked goods we've ever had! Despite what other reviews on TripAdvisor say, the cupcakes were moist and delicious -- I honestly wouldn't have known it lacked the "normal" ingredients found in most cupcakes. We were both impressed with how great the cookies and cupcakes were, we bought a whole bunch to bring back with us to Connecticut, because you just can't find stuff like that anywhere around CT!
The prices were higher than you'd find at an average bakery, but obviously that's due to the ingredients used (aka, not flour, sugar, eggs and milk, which are all cheap). We were more than happy to buy from this place, considering how hard it now is to find allergy-free baked goods, and GOOD ones at that.
The staff there was extremely friendly and helpful, the store was clean and neat, and we had a wonderful overall experience. Can't wait until the recipe book comes out later this year!They make very convincing chocolate desserts here. The magic bar had a lovely chocolately taste to it. Not my favorite, but it was tasty and resembled a dense chocolate toffee bar. I think I expected too much of this one when I came in.
The vanilla cupcake was delicious and had more of a muffin-like texture to it. Just the right amount of sweetness, moist, soft. The chocolate frosting was surprisingly tasty! I'd come back for a cupcake. This was probably my favorite. 
The crumb cake is ... meh. It tastes GF and vegan, if you know what I mean. I was least impressed with this one. 
The cookies are tasty. Doesn't have the same caramelized texture and crispness as a real cookie (i still prefer the real thing), but they are darn good! The pumpkin cookie sandwich had a great flavor to it. The spices were nicely balanced. 
The blueberry oat bar was very good! The blueberry filling is super intense though and jam-like. 
The place IS expensive. For a sampling of 5 things, it cost me $20. However, the fact that it's GF, vegan, everything-allergy-free makes it special and worth the price if you have special dietary needs. 
The goods were pretty greasy (the box that I took everything home in had a super greasy bottom by the time I got home...), but I expected this of vegan desserts. All in all, definitely the best vegan desserts I've ever had.
Overall warning: don't refrigerate. Not sure if they go badly more quickly if you don't.. but after refrigerating, they all got flavorless and chewy?A vegan's dream, with so many flavors and goodies to choose from. There seem to be a lot of reviews on here of people who didn't care for their food, and I can see how vegan and GF desserts might not be everyone's cup of tea--but I enjoyed their treats.
I am rating this bakery 4 our of 5 stars because of the higher price range, and because of the cold/stand-offish counter service at the South Street location. I intend to go to the Bryn Mawr location sometime. I am also intrigued to see what their online ordering/shipping is like.So I went back for one of these magical cupcakes today and learned a new thing; their gluten free, dairy free, egg free, corn free, wheat free, peanut free, soy free, casein free treats are good for me. Oh man.So I have a major sweet tooth. With no dietary restrictions it was part curiosity and part desire to cut down on some serious sugar intake that made me come to sweet freedom. Could these treats taste nearly as good I wondered?
    Well the answer is no.. Baking is a total science and changing ingredients (ie substituting butter) totally changes the texture of the food. I bought a slice of banana chocolate bread and two cupcakes and have to say I was impressed with these dairy and gluten free treats. They were tasty, but the frosting on the cupcake had a gummy consistency to it and the bread had a similar texture. I hate to say it but they weren't nearly as yummy as their dairy counterparts.
   That being said if I had celiac disease or was lactose intolerant this place would be heaven!!!! I'd probably feel like a kid in a candy store- all these treats to choose from..
     I'm going to stick to my dairy treats- i totally believe milk, eggs, and butter in serious moderation is all good (remember the food pyramid) but that pesky sugar..if u do have dietary resrictions you have to try sweet freedom!!!!!!First off, let me say that I'm neither vegan nor gluten-free. I like to try vegan foods, though, because when there's a reasonable vegan option, I'll generally go for that. Unfortunately, places like Sweet Freedom are the reason people think vegan baking can't be good. 
I've baked and purchased some amazing vegan treats over the last few years - even vegan frosting. The cupcakes I got here were pretty terrible, though. The cake was dry, dense, and oddly gummy (perhaps because they were gluten-free). The frosting was grainy and had a weird sugar-alternative sort of taste. Agave, maybe?  It wasn't good.
As far as price is concerned, Sweet Freedom was pretty average. The employees were about average in terms of friendliness, and I did see some people leave because they couldn't buy bottled water on a credit card. I can't recall if it was a minimum purchase kind of thing, or a no credit cards at all thing, though. Either way, it's probably easier to bring cash or ask in advance. 
I won't be back to Sweet Freedom. If you're gluten-free or vegan, you might be okay with the cupcakes here. Or...you might be inspired to take up baking. It really depends on how high your baked good standards are.Good, but not great cupcake.  My favorite thing about the coconut lime cupcake was the frosting.  The cake was a little too dense for me, and it is a little pricey.  But it definitely tasted like one of the healthier cupcakes that I've ever eaten in my life.I went to Sweet Freedom because I've heard it was a delicious GF bakery near by, which is hard to come by! I walked in with high expectations, but was disappointed. Maybe it's because I don't need all the extra precautions (dairy free, soy free, transfat free, etc... all I'm looking for is gluten free). Anyway, the Turtle Cupcake left a lot to be desired. Tasted very bland, even for such a fancy and loaded cupcake. Makes me wonder what kind of ingredients they're using if almost everything needed to make chocolate, caramel, cakes, etc is off limits. 
The chocolate chip cookies....meh. Taffett's is 10x's better, in my opinion. And right down the street.
The brownie... don't get me started. 
Needless to say, I won't be back. Again, I am not looking for soy free, dairy free, or anything else. Just gluten free. So that could be a big factor. Maybe those who need all those restrictions think it prevails in comparison to other bakeries/products offering the same restrictions, but for this GF gal, it's a no-go.
The staff, however, was super nice. The bakery was very clean looking, also. And prices weren't too bad. Higher than a regular bakery, but not awful.I really like Sweet Freedom and I am neither Vegan or gluten intolerant, but I have been trying to be vegan/gluten free the majority of days in a week, so Sweet Freedom provides me with a guilt free spot to satisfy my sweet tooth.  The texture of the cake is a little off, but the icing tastes really good.  I've had a chocolate cupcake, the fauxstress, a blueberry cupcake, and a maple french toast type one.  They've all been really good.  I especially liked the blueberry.  They are pricey, but it's a special product.My husband bought me a small box with a variety of sweets from this bakery for my birthday. They honestly were not good (i took a bite of each and did not finish any), especially for the price.I came in today for a birthday cupcake. I was excited to order a salted caramel cupcake. The woman at the counter dropped it on the counter. I asked for one that had not been dropped on the counter and she obliged while rolling her eyes. I then saw her put the dropped cupcake back in the case. That just doesn't seem sanitary to me.Although I am not vegan, I have had plenty of vegan cupcakes before and have made my own.   These cupcakes were overpoweringly sweet, expensive (about 40 bucks for a dozen), and the woman working here was quite rude.  
When I came into the store she didn't bother greeting me or getting up from her seat a few feet behind the counter.  I told her I was ready to odrer...I picked out about 10 cupcakes and was considering what to get for the last few.  Not only did she not offer any suggestions, but she huffed and returned back to her seat behind the counter telling me to let her know when I was actually ready.  2 seconds later I told her I was ready again and she begrudgingly got up...I told her which ones I wanted and took a slight pause b/f telling her my last choice when she huffed again and told me again to let her know when I was actually ready.  "I'm ready!  I'm ready!" and I just picked any old cupcake because I really wanted to get out of there.   And 40 bucks later, I am never going back here again.I don't have enough words.  I don't have a gluten problem, but I still have a Sweet Freedom addiction!  
I just wish they baked more than just sweets.  I wish they made breads, pizzas, pretzels, etc.
There's not much room in the shop to sit-down and eat, so plan to pick something up and savor it at home or work.I'm free I'm free! I love chocolate cake without egg. Was treated to Sweet freedom for my birthday and will definitely be returning.Sweet Freedom, you are so SWEET!  
I've never actually visited this bakery, but I was surprised with a box full of Sweet Freedom cupcakes for my birthday last week.  And oh my goodness, what a lovely treat!  The cupcakes are so good... I loved the one that looked like a HOSTESS cupcake!  It's been 8 years since I ate a cupcake like that.  WOW, it tasted so good.  And I really enjoyed the chocolate and raspberry cupcake- yum.  I can't wait to visit and get these cinnamon buns that I've been hearing about!Sweet Freedom is a vegan bakery with branches in Center City, Bryn Mawr, and Collingswood, NJ.  I know the Center City one on South Street the best.  It is one of my reliable go-to places when I need deserts for my vegan friends and family members.  It is not cheap.  But it does offer a good variety of baked goods.  Not into vegan baking?  Try the banana doughnut - you just might like it!Sweet Freedom used to be my go to bakery when initially diagnosed and it was then that I thought ok, pastries just really aren't going to taste as good for me ever again I guess. Sweet freedom had a few ok items but overall the service was severely lacking and the treats were nothing to get excited about. When you taste some of the goods that come out of Sweet Christine's in Kennet Sq or the happy mixer in Chalfont, PA you understand that GF pastries can actually taste amazingly good which is why I don't understand why Sweet Freedom is so far behind the GF baking curve in good options. I live 10 mins from here and now drive to Haddonfield, NJ or 45 mins to Chalfont & stock up. Please Sweet Freedom, try these other bakeries and step your game up.  Also, last time I was in there the woman waiting on me had sores on her hands and after she waited on me, with a glove on, she went back to decorating a cake without the glove. yukI am writing this review in complete contrast to my previous experiences there...This is solely based on the blatantly rude customer service.
After reading previous reviews from others complaining about the bad customer service, I was shocked, because I never experienced such. Until I walked in when a certain lovely fair haired woman was working. I am guessing one of the owners, (Probably the one that previous complaints were about in other reviews.) was working.
I'm a regular customer  that doles out money on a weekly basis on this business. I came in, she was chatting it up with two non buying customers, (Who were blocking the cases so I could not view what they had that day.) they were just asking a million questions, not ordering anything. I had to peer around them.
 Managed to get a little view of what I wanted as they were literally leaning against the case side by side, stood at the counter with my money for a while.
NOT ONCE did this woman who was working even look up at me or acknowledge me more than just a few side glances, after I had been waiting patiently at the counter, money in my hand, for several minutes. Not even an "I'll be right with you."
Not only were the non buying customers that were present being rude, but the worker herself displayed the most shameful behavior towards a loyal regular at her business.Tried this bakery by ordering one of each item in the display case...okay, that is a minor exaggeration ...but only minor. We went specifically so that my Celiac daughter, home on Spring Break, could relax and point to anything in the store and enjoy it.
We went on a Tuesday at lunch-time and they still had plenty of variety.  I recognized the woman who waited on us as a co-owner, from the photo on the bakery's website.  She was friendly and efficient.
We ate thumbprint cookies, cupcakes, sandwich cookies, a brownie sample and a couple of slices of tomato pie.  All were delicious. We ate the tomato pie at room-temperature but it would have been better warmed.  
We washed everything down with herb tea.  I love herb tea but coffee would have also have been welcome here.  I still gave this place 5 stars because the food is luscious.jesus must love me a little because he led me to an apartment for rent *veryclose* to this bakery (unbeknownst to me).  fast forward almost two months: i finally make the move from (my beloved) nola and, while unpacking boxes, decide i need a snack. a quick yelp search and a few minutes later, i find myself walking into sweet freedom.  it was late in the day - about an hour from the closing time - so i wasn't expecting too many offerings.  to my surprise, the case was well-stocked with all kinds of goodies.  
since i had never been to this bakery, i asked the (very bubbly and personable) proprietress what she recommended for a first-time customer.  she pointed out the chocolate chip cookie sandwich (with chocolate frosting), which i purchased along with a bottled water for around 5 usd.
as it was uber hot outside, it was recommended that i not delay in consuming my snack lest the frosting melt.  OMG, it was freaking delicious. it was very sweet but since i eat dessert only once a week, i don't mind if i slip into a diabetic coma every now and again.  (and i'd gladly take an ambulance ride for a cookie sandwich from this bakery!)
the best thing: this place is not unhealthy!  all of their products are made sans-wheat, gluten, peanuts, eggs, refined sugar, and a whole bunch of other things i can't recall.  but you don't miss out on taste!
the worst thing: no savory items except tomato pie (which sells out quickly). the proprietress said she and her partner are working on perfecting their bread before selling it at the bakery.  if it's as good as their sweet offerings, i can't wait to try it.
nota bene: i brought an allergy-free friend here before he flew back to nola, and he absolutely loved the goodies he bought.Sweet Freedom Bakery deserves one star because the staff is very nice. That said, we don't put 'very nice' into our mouths like we do (though we may wish we didn't have to) their cakes. We ordered our daughters graduation cake from Sweet Freedom at a price that exceeds any cake I have bought (I have three daughters with lots of birthdays and graduations). When my husband went to pick it up on foot (city bakery, city clients, walking not driving) they handed him a box, told him to hurry home because it was hot, yet had no string and handle to assist in the process (which is considered normal bakery ware). Once it was time to celebrate with a delicious sweet, we were beyond disappointed. The cake, though it looked nice, was inedible, by dairy eaters and vegans alike. I will never purchase what "should be" delicious from Sweet Freedom Bakery again...and I advise you to follow suit.MMM SORGHUM.
Aw man I can't even snark.  Considering the limitations they put upon themselves, their wares are really good.I would never think to normally come here as I love all things Gluten and Animal based, but a friend with a Gluten allergy was coming for dinner so I figured I would get a few desserts.  
I had no idea what I was doing or what would be good so I just asked the girl behind the counter to pick a few things for me.  
She tossed a samoa cupcake, some sort of brownie, a cookie pie and added a piece of the carrot cake when she saw me staring longingly at it on the counter.  
All good choices.  Comparing them to 'regular' baked goods I didnt notice any lack of gluten or vegan'ality (trademarking that one).  They were all very tasty and seem reasonably priced.  The girl behind the counter as was very helpful - or maybe everything there is just good.Short review: yummy
Longer review: I had some time to kill while in Philly this past weekend, and I've never met a cupcake bakery I didn't like. First off, I'm always a fan of a place that looks out for those with dietary restrictions. As a vegetarian, I hate going somewhere knowing I can't always eat everything. I imagine for those with more strict dietary needs (gluetin free, ect) it's even more frustrating. So to enter this bakery and see the long list of allergies/dietary restrictions that this place caters to was such a plus in my book.
Second... everything looked amazing. Knowing I had a dinner date in a couple hours, I had to restrict myself to just ordering one cupcake. This is a small bakery, but fortunately it was a Friday afternoon so there was plenty of room for me to sit and enjoy my cupcake. The cupcake itself was very delicious... although the frosting was surprisingly sweeter than I prefer (I say surprising due to the fact that there was no refined sugar!). The cake part, however... yummmm. I could have just eaten a non-frosted cupcake (gasp!) and enjoyed myself greatly.
I wish I would have gotten a few things to take with me. I would have been a happy girl. Would definitely visit this place again!The brownie ($2.70) is probably unlike anything you've had before. It's small in size (smaller than a deck of cards). The first thing I noticed when I bit into it was the moistness -- it's very tender, the perfect consistency between "cake-like" and "fudge-like." The chips (carob, I think?) provided enough chocolate taste to satisfy my craving. This is definitely not a normal brownie in terms of taste, but it's very good nonetheless. The BEST part was that when I finished eating, I was satisfied (and the [coconut] oil stains on the parchment paper confirmed I had eaten something delicious), but did not feel weighed down or lethargic at all. Wonderful.The first thing I had from sweet freedom bakery was the cookies. My mom found out about this place and brought me one. It was good I was expecting it to taste weird because it was vegan. One day I went here myself. The cupcakes looked yummy but I decided to stick with my cookie. My mom surprised me again but this time she brought me a cupcake. It looked delectable so I couldn't wait to demolish it. I took one bite and I almost regurgitated. It was utterly disgusting I couldn't bare to eat another bite. I thought it was just me but my mom ate hers too and we had mutual feelings about it. Overall the bakery is okay but DO NOT get the cupcakes.terrible service! I got the coupon for this place at livingsoicial.com for my boy-friend and his 4 y.o. daughter. he came there with his little girl. he absolutely hated it. they made him really uncomfortable using that coupon. the lady at the counter was rude. she didnt even say "hi" to the child! what kind of bakery is that? is it supposed to be a sweet experience? 
in addition, the cupcakes are expensive and not that good... i can get better, less expensive cupcakes in my local coffe shop and a smiling person, serving me.My first experience with Sweet Freedom was funny.
 My friend purchased herself a treat and I kind of laughed at the fact that there was "Nothing in it." Actually, I've never been a fan of pastries.... Until now!
My friend had me try a bite and BOY WAS I WRONG. Sweet Freedom has none of the bad junk in their treats. All good,wholesome,delicious and healthy ingredients. Just because they are not made with the same junk ingredients as other pastries, and even vegan pastries, that does not mean that they aren't absolutely delicious.
Now I crave Sweet Freedom more than any other sweets! Like any pastry, there are going to be some that you find not so good, and others amazing. I'm not a fan of the cupcakes at all, not everything is for everyone. But I LOVE their cake balls,banana chocolate chip "cookies", magic bars,cookie sandwiches and donuts. Way better than Vegan Treats, they are not even in the same ballpark... which I find too sugary and gross anyway.
Even if you're apprehensive because of the lack of normal ingredients in thei pastries, GIVE THEM A SHOT! You won't regret it!I first visited Sweet Freedom two years ago by chance, seeing the sign and wandering in for a baked good in the middle of summer.
I asked the girl behind the counter what to try, and she pointed out 2 things that have changed my life: the samoa cupcake and the blueberry oat bar. The cupcake literally tastes exactly like a Girl's Scout cookie. It was a delicious! And the oat bar? Holy crap. Gooey, blueberry-y, and crumbly. Perfect texture and explosion of flavors.
The texture of other goods here (and taste) has been subpar in my opinion--much of the rest that I have tried actually begins to taste the same. And it's all a bit more gritty than I'd necessarily like. But the two all-stars mentioned above?
AMAZING.Chocolate donuts! Chocolate donuts! Chocolate donuts! Not sure what else to say. I've tried a few muffins, cookie, and some coffee(not bad). I still dream about those donuts.Sweet Freedom is a wonderful place to get a quick dessert nosh or order something for a party. Everything they do is great. Yet more evidence that you don't need any butter, eggs or cream to get dessert right. I love the concept that anyone can go there and not worry about what they are ordering. Very inclusive.
I've had a few things there and they all have been good. My favorite is the cookie sandwich with the frosting inside. That is a fulfilling and decadent treat.ZERO STARS. I ordered 6 vanilla and 6 chocolate for my birthday while visiting from DC. Having read the reviews I was hopeful. HOWEVER, the cake portion was like sawdust and the frosting so grainy I could not believe that ANYONE would have thought this place deserved a single star, much five. Those that rated them as five star must have no other source of nutrition. I pity those that believe these cupcakes to be "delicious" much less edible. Do some recon on bakeries like Sticky Fingers (who won Cupcake Wars as a vegan/GF entry) and others that aren't similar to licking sandpaper before patronizing or ordering. These cupcakes were SO BAD, we all had to dare each other to take a second bite. Not even a $100 offer to finish the other 6 cupcakes was taken.  AWFUL.I've been going here at least once a week for the last two to three months to get my baked good fix since I can't have dairy. The baked goods here are much better than your standard "vegan" that uses soy products and different vegetable oils. I get chest pains whenever I eat "Vegan" desserts vs what Sweet Freedom offers.  I highly recommend any chocolate cupcake, however, the German chocolate and Faustess (tastes just like a hostess cupcake) are my two favorite. The vanilla cupcakes are a little dry and the coconut flavor is much more distinct. I also get their chocolate chip cookies. This place has been my sweet tooth lifesaver!WOW!  This place is amazing!  My son has a bunch of food allergies and we have been searching for a cake safe for him to eat.  He was amazed at how good his vanilla cake with vanilla frosting was yesterday!  He isn't a fan of chocolate. but he tried a cupcake with chocolate frosting and LOVED it!  We bought a few treats and no one could believe they were free of dairy, soy, wheat, a lot of stuff!  Major two thumbs up!  We've been eating dairy free, soy free for my son's 9 years, in both PA and NY, and Sweet Freedom is by far the best we've had.  Also, the woman working was incredibly nice, informative and just a pleasure to deal with.I absolutely adore this place, and I probably go two to three times a week. It's a bit pricey, but it's well worth every penny. This place is living proof that you do not need gluten, sugar, dairy, etc to make a delicious dessert!Best vegan cupcakes and cakes!!
Not just for vegans but everyone. 
Delicious and satisfying. Pretty amazing they can do this without milk and eggs. 
I love Philly's vegan scene, and this is just one of the many cruelty free options!!The shop is straightforward and simple, and the cupcake I got was good, but I was signed up for their mailing list without my permission or knowledge. Next time I'm at the Kimmel Center, I will get a treat somewhere less likely to clutter my inbox.As someone who has a whole list of dietary restrictions (gluten-free, vegan, & soy-free, to name a few...), this place was just a God-send for me! I bought a box of some of their baked goods while visiting Philly and was not disappointed. Really wish there was one of these bakeries back home in Florida!This is a story about the little cupcake that could. 
--
Shall we examine the things I love? 
Eggs, dairy, wheat, soy and other items I once deemed necessary to bake a proper cupcake. But at Sweet Freedom, they don't employ the very pillars of baking. Instead, they salute veganism, gluten freeism, and being free of all sorts of other thingsisms, making their baked goods out of well, magic, I guess.
Was I expecting to actually like this simple, free-of-everything vanilla cupcake? Not exactly.
I exited their adorable shop thinking my quick bite would be followed by a chuck in the garbage, but instead, to my complete surprise, this was a freedom cupcake unlike any other. Before I knew it, one bite turned into a full blown affair, and as I crossed Broad Street, cars honked, babies cried, and mothers insisted I "get a room." But I just couldn't. I undressed my virginal cupcake, right there in the middle of the street, and scarfed it down with a serious tenacity. 
While I mostly scoff at food that promises to be tasty while adhering to some dietary restriction, I must say, the folks at freedom cupcake do it right.Been here three times so far and it's amazing.  The only thing that I did not like was the banana cookie (very dry).  Everything else was amazing.  I can't eat gluten, dairy, or soy, so I know what I am talking about.  Also, I appreciate the fact that they do not use refined sugar.  Honestly, I am trying not to eat any sugar, but this place is making that difficult.
Chocolate cake balls are amazing!
Cookie sandwich is great.
Wrote this review today, because I am thinking about making another stop tonight.This place is awesome to say the least, especially since it fills the niche for those who have special needs and those who are looking for alternative fare. A colleague and I noticed this place while walking down the street and had to check it out, especially since my friend has a gluten allergy. This place make her sing. The cookie sandwiches (forgive me, not sure of the technical term) were incredible, even for someone like me who can eat everything, so I'm not on any special diet. I also got a cream cheese pumpkin muffin...yummy! If you can make it for a special visit, special food needs or not, this place is great.I have travelled much over the last decade and this bakery is a diamond, Philadelphia is so lucky to have such a fantastic bakery, GF and still so delicious. Great people, location and nice atmosphere to sit and snack on "schnecken." I miss Sweet Freedom.I was in Jersey and had to fly out of Philly airport - realized I was within miles of Sweet Freedom.....it was magnetic. Drove right to it and was thrilled that it was open and filled with splendid goodies. Cupcake was AMAZING bought a Magic bar...that I ate on the way back to the airport and have some treats I will save for tommorrow. Dont miss it if you are within reach...easy to find and worth the visit.I've been to Sweet Freedom several times and found it very good, just short of excellent. I eat gluten-free, but not vegan, so I get that trying to make a dessert that is dairy free and caters to mutiple food allergies is no easy task.
While the chocolate chip cookies are a bit oily (I think I'll stick to my homemade ones) the warm chocolate chip banana bread is out of this world, the perfect treat for breakfast on Saturday morning.
Yes, they are expensive, but for a once in a while splurge it's totally worth it. Just tried Babycakes in New York City, and not only did I have a reaction (they use spelt flour on the premises) but they're banana bread was terrible.
I feel a little more comfortable knowing that Sweet Freedom is tasty AND is a dedicated facility. Thanks so much!!So when I used to work closer to Sweet Freedom I probably dropped way too much money here too often, but to be fair their treats are incredible AND they have tomato pie for 2 bucks that's tasty and not enormous  the way most pizza places serve it. You will definitely be paying a little more for your desserts, but if you're indulging every once in awhile then I'd rather spend it on a sweet from here than a crappy candy bar.I just heard about this place from Alicia Silverstone's website this morning - and decided to make this a lunch mission since I only work about 12 blocks from there.  I was not disappointed!!!  I don't know where the reviewers that gave them less than 3 stars were eating, but they must have caught them on an off day.  Now, I didn't sample everything in the store, but I got two of their cookie sandwiches and one of their fruit oatmeal bars - and WOW.  So good!!  I am vegan and also have a peanut allergy, and I can't tell you how nice it is to have a bakery like this within walking distance available to me on a regular basis.  Whole Foods has some good vegan stuff as well - but this is like going on vacation!  I highly recommend stopping out there and trying some of their items, you will not be disappointed. Yes, the cost is somewhat high, but when you consider the high quality of the ingredients to make the treats, it's warranted.  I don't mind dropping $10 once in a while on something healthy, animal friendly, and just plain delicious!I actually don't know where to begin. It was the absolute worse cake and service I have ever had. I am a strict and long time vegan and my usual go to bakery for cakes was booked for the holiday. I chose this bakery because I thought it was reasonable priced for a last minute order (I ordered about a week or so before Christmas!),  which was $150 for a double layer half sheet cake. I picked it up on Christmas eve for my Christmas party the next day. It was wrapped in plastic wrap like what most bakeries do however it didn't help this cake. I can not tell you how embarrassed I was to serve such a cake. It was rock hard!  Furthermore,  I ordered  a lemon  cake with raspberry filling and all you could taste was frosting.  The cake base tasted like dirt. Literally measly with no flavor.. Not a lemon flavor in sight. It was the absolute worst cake I have ever had. I called the next day and received no help. I was only able to get the owner's name and email. Smdh  I sent her email detailing my issues and she never responded. I have called several times since then and no one has addressed my issue.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!  I was able to speak with the acting manager of the South Philly store and he apologized and said that cakes can become very hard due to the alternative flours and methods they use. But never returned my call after he were to refer to the owner. I have video of my holiday party and I also plan to report the to the BBB. If you're looking for great vegan cakes try Crust bakery or the bakery Govinda's uses because freedom bakery is horrible.First, let me start by saying that I am neither gluten free or vegan. However , I don't mind trying gf/df baked goods bc my friend is gf/df and we try places all the time when we're together. As a matter of fact she is the one that wanted me to stop and try this while visiting Philly. Needless to say I had to text her a bad report. I must say out of all the gf/df bakeries I have tried Sweet Freedom was the worse and I have had some good gf/df baked goods before. To me gf/df is just a healthier version of the regular sugary goods we all love. Yes the texture and taste differ some but it shouldn't be completely altered. I got the chocolate cupcake and chocolate chip cookie. Both were awful and gritty tasting. The chocolate cupcake had a very awkward taste and the frosting was a little stiff not very smooth and creamy.Delicious treats, very friendly service, adorable interior, and with the cost of ingredients in mind, the prices are on point.Delicious vegan donut! Beautiful little shop with a very talkative, nice man working there.Sweet Freedom Bakery is amazing. Their goodies are delicious, vegan-friendly, moist and amazing. We had a sampling of everything catered for our wedding. Compliments from all of our guests on our delicious desserts too!
Jen was incredible to deal with. She was always prompt in her communication, and patient and understanding with all of our questions. They have delicious cupcakes, brownies, and other tasty treats, baked day off. She also offered custom colored frosting to match our wedding decor which looked amazing. 
We had our wedding in Cape May, and she was really understanding and reassuring in assisting us to ship the desserts to our wedding venue. We wish every vendor was like her.I pop in here sometimes to treat myself to a cookie sandwich and, generally, the staff has been professional. This afternoon, however, I stopped in and asked for a cookie sandwich. After I asked for a cookie sandwich combo that wasn't already made (there were only two options in the display), the person working the counter rudely asked if I wanted her to make it. I've been in here plenty of times when staff volunteered to make a cookie sandwich combo that wasn't already made, so I think this is something they normally do. I said yes. She took my money, then walked to the back. When she returned, she made the sandwich with her bare hands. I was a little distracted and needed to get home, so I didn't think too much about it at the time. I thought that maybe she washed her hands in the back. On my way home though, I started thinking about it and really don't think she had time to wash her hands. In hindsight, I should have said something at the time, but I needed to get home and there was someone trying to pick up an order. Cannot eat the sandwich! Who knows what else she touched before the cookies - at a minimum, the cash I paid for the cookie sandwich. After the attitude and cleanliness concern, I won't be back here.still riding the high of the gooey deliciousness of a warm brownie.  even omnivores without food allergies/intolerances will be satisfied with these sweeties!Completely allergen free bakery. Their breads are good and nice to have close by! Be sure to sign up for their birthday club!this place is still awesome. I felt compelled to write an update since I've seen so many recent negative reviews that start out with "i'm not [gluten free/vegan/allergic to eggs/etc]." I wish people who don't have food allergies or preferences wouldn't leave such low reviews because it makes no sense to fault a bakery that makes really great products (with very few ingredients) for not creating products that taste like they're made with all the stuff that's off limits in this bakery. 
tldr: don't be deterred by the low average rating if you're a person who suffers from food allergies or restrictions. sweet freedom is a gem in this city for those who desire bakery products that are safe for a variety of conditions!Went today for the first time. Delicious! I have many food allergies and I can eat EVERYTHING in the store. The girl behind the counter was very knowledgeable and quote friendly. Can't wait to come back to PA for more treats!There are two camps when it comes to vegan baked goods. There is the "we are vegan but I can use all the fat, sugar, and artificial flavoring I want as long as it's vegan" camp and the "let's make it taste good but not at the expense of health" . This place does a great job of being healthy while still being very tasty. I give it 5 stars because the culinary restrictions they have out on themselves are rather extreme (gluten, soy, dairy, corn, peanut, and wheat free) and they are doing the best in the area. 
pS Read the reviews of the people that did not like this place and you will find complaints like " why did the lady frosting cupcakes (working) not ring me up".