Classic Mexican place. Meat was good and guacamole did not cost extra. Comparable to Chipotle but I think it was a little better. The music was too loud when I was there but that is my only complaintI was starving and was looking for something to eat on eat24. I can't really drive and go to places to dine in because I just had a newborn and its not easy getting around sometimes so I was looking for something via delivery. 
So since I haven't had tacos in a long time I decided to give this place a try with all the good reviews I'd see. Sorry to say it wasn't the best tacos I've had in Philly. I'd ordered the tacos al pastor. It tasted sweet with little to no flavor and I had asked for the red spicy sauce but why was there green spicy sauce on my tacos? Although I like how you can choose your own toppings but it wasn't my kind of tacos. I love trying new places and once I found the place that fits my expectations I just stick to that one place but this one wasn't for me . I've ordered burrito for my boyfriend's daughter and the portion was huge but I took a bite and it was just okay. I'm not really a fan of burrito anyway. 
Delivery was quick but I don't think I'll be return.I had the veggie tacos. They were really good. Also I really liked the interior design and music, they created a nice ambiance. Also they give you some chips with the tacos as well which are pretty good.Very yummy tacos! My boyfriend and I were walking in the city, saw the catchy sign then decided to stop by. We got one carnitas taco order and a chicken order. Both were dressed really well with cilantro and yummy salsa, very good! Definitely would recommend this spot and definitely coming back!Great experience!  This place has an awesome authentic atmosphere, great food, and friendly staff.  I am excited to go there when the weather is nice and they have the garage door open so you can eat in the open air right on Broad St.  
We tried the Al Pastor burrito bowl and tacos.  Both had great flavor, and tasted very authentic.  Portion size on the burrito bowl was great, tacos are on the smaller side.  The owner was very friendly and seems to really care about ensuring everyone has a good experience.  My only recommendation would be that since its 3 tacos for $9, it would be cool to be able to add a 4th or maybe 5th taco for a discounted price for people who have big appetites.  
Overall, I would give this place 5 stars for great tasting food, extremely friendly staff, and fun/chill environment.  It is a great addition to South Broad Street in Center City!Awesome spot!! I had the tacos al pastor. It was made fresh and with plenty of meat!! I would definitely come here again!!My buddy who eats meat got a burrito which was large, fine-- but as he commented, largely flavorless.
And don't go here if you want something non-meat. They throw on some barely cooked random veggies that tastes like they're microwaved and put it on some rice with no flavor.
The music was quite loud, even when there were so few people in there. IMO there are far better taqueria style spots in Philly, whether in S Philly, Italian Market or by Bella Vista.I honestly think I have found my new favorite taco stop in Center City. Sure El Rey is delicious, but their prices are pretty high unless you go to their happy hour which is usually so packed you can barely get an order in. I've gone to this place twice after church, and have enjoyed it both times. I think I might have found a new Sunday tradition.
Ambiance: A pretty small joint with bright colors that really liven up the room. While the restaurant can only sit about ~20 people, the lively colors and open garage door window really opens up the place. 
Food: $9 for three tacos and a side of chips might seem expensive, but they are loaded up with the protein of your choosing. You can choose your topping too, but don't go overboard aka keep it simple, stupid. These tacos only need a few things: a bit of salsa, pickled onions, and maybe some lettuce if you are into that. Sure you can pile on cheese, guac, and sour cream but you will lose the flavor of the meats.
Speaking of which, the al pastor is by far the best option. They have it on a spit and slice it off fresh and sear it each time you order. You get just the right amount of citrus in each bite. The carnitas are good, but if you want to go with pork, stick with the al pastor. The short rib barbocoa is super juicy and savory, but can be too heavily salted for some people.
Service: Since this is a fast-casual restaurant, service is pretty much limited to that behind the counter. All the employees I've interacted with have been considerate and kind, especially when I ask for more toppings.
Drinks: Selection of American and Mexican coke/soda products, so no complaints here. If you need water, you can ask and the employees can bring you a glass for free.Illegal Tacos offered a great burrito (full of protein and authentic flavor) for around eight dollars.  Easily something you could wrap and take home to finish or finish on the spot.  The space itself is somewhat limited on seating, but the patron turnover seemed steady so waiting a few minutes for an open table doesn't feel impossible.  I enjoyed the food here and feel content with only needing to eat here once while in Philadelphia for a few days.Like Buena Onda, but less chain-y. Illegal Tacos serves up flavorful soft tacos at a reasonable price. The shrimp are nicely seasoned and grilled to order. The toppings are always fresh, right down to the fragrant cilantro leaves. Definitely try a few of the salsas. My favorites are the citrusy, spicy hot version and the smoky-sweet medium salsa, but they are all unique and add different flavor nuances when combined with the tacos and fillings.What a gem!!!!! I love a good shrimp taco!!! These are definitely an authentic shrimp taco. Im usually not a huge fan of corn tortillas but these were actually very good!!!! I love how you can select your own toppings and the pickled onions were such a good choice. The jamaica was good too. Staff was very friendly as well. If I lived in Philly this would be my good to placeWe were in town for a couple days during our vacation and went here based on the almost 5 star rating on Yelp. Tacos were alright and I would say pretty authentic. It was ok. Just felt like I've had better back home in Homestead, FL.I had my first meal there and it was great! The place was clean,food was so good that I may be inclined to eat there often. Lol staff was nice, slight language issue but not bad at all.so if your looking for something delish! To eat, try my favorite one of the bowls!Great chicken rice bowl. Nice guys. Shrimp also looks good. Fresh ingredients. Will return next time I cross Broad. Jarritos is a nice touch.I heard festive Latin music as I stood at the corner of Broad and Lombard and couldn't figure out where it was coming from. Then I saw Illegal Tacos lit up and open! I'd been waiting for this place to open, so I followed the music and crossed the street to check out their menu, even though I had no intentions of trying anything at that moment  - I had just finished a 14-hour work day and wanted to get home ASAP.  While reviewing the menu, a man approached me and invited me in to try anything I liked for free. It turned out it was their first day and they were having a family and friends event.
It was late, so nearly everything was picked over, but I selected the shrimp taco bowl and took it home to enjoy. Despite the meager options available (like I said, it was the end of the night and they'd run out of most of the usual taco toppings), it was still delicious! Everything was so fresh and full of flavor! Another thing, and this is a big deal to me, their salsa verde had a really good bite. Most places skimp on the heat, thinking it'll scare people away I suppose, but this place knocked it out the park with just the right level of heat. Not too hot, and certainly not a wimpy pepper in that sauce! 
The staff was friendly. The decor was good. And the menu looked great. I can't wait to try the soup!
Oh, and for the PC police: Get over it. Seriously. No need to cry wolf. Considering an Albanian likes Mexican food and respects Mexicans enough to not only honor their cuisine, but to employ at least one Mexican, I'm pretty sure he's not racist. So stop accusing people of racism just because you're so brainwashed that you find offense in a restaurant name! My interpretation of the name was that their tacos are so good they should be illegal - and, hey, with the minimal amount they had leftover to give me, the taco was still damn good! Maybe it should've been illegal that it was that good with so little. 
Welcome to the neighborhood, Illegal Tacos! I now have a perfect option on my way home from work after another 14-hour day. Thank you!Nice spot.  Not too crowded at lunch time.  Got the chicken tinga tacos with red spicy sauce.  Pretty solid tacos.  Would like to see an expanded menu with grilled chicken and steak as choices of protein.The best al pastor tacos I have ever had. They cut the meat right in front of you and give you plenty of it for each taco. The burrito bowl is also delicious. Everything is well cooked and it's the most filling option. We picked up and enjoyed it with some homemade margaritas. Perfect date night in!Those sauces, especially that red sauce, just wow. Illegal tacos has some great offerings, and there are some particular ingredients that you can tell they take a lot of time and care into making.
Their al pastor meat is just phenomenal, packing a ton of flavor, great texture and an absolutely perfect cook every time. Their two red sauces are also great, one is pretty spicy but continues to be flavorful, and the other is a more savory, almost fruity flavor that absolutely blew me away.
I got both the burrito and the tacos and both I can highly recommend. Menu is a little small, but when each option is a hit that's not a problem. 
Ordering process is set up like other similar fast casual restaurants and seating is plentiful for even medium sized groups.
This place is in competition with some of the great authentic Mexican places further south, but makes a great option if you're west of Broad of north of South. Food is a great value for money, would highly recommend if you're in the area and craving some good taco's.Went here today and the food was absolutely amazing. The tacos were to die for. The meats were cooked fresh on the grill in front of us as soon as we ordered. If you're ever in the city you definetely need to give this place a try, you won't regret it.After a run of mediocre tacos places, this place really excels in its quality of meats and authentic taste. It's not what I'm used to being from LA but this is a place I wouldn't be embarrassed to take my friends to when they visit ( unlike many of their competitors)Love this place! Shared the carnitas tacos and the short rib barbacoa burrito. I don't even really like barbacoa but this was delicious! Sometimes burritos are mostly rice but they filled the burrito with a nice amount of meat along with beans. Get all the toppings. The carnitas were so good. Not too fatty, nicely crisped without being dry and well seasoned. Loved the pickled onions and cilantro. 
Staff was very friendly and efficient. The decor is fun and the music is even more fun. I look forward to coming back here and trying the rest of the menu.Love this place. Not fare from my place. People are very friendly and the owner is great. I have had the best tacos in Phily so far. I recommend it 100%. Don't listen to people complaining about the name. I love the name too because it represent the taste of the taco. "It's so good it's illegal"My friend and I went for a light dinner, each ordering three tacos. I got the Al Pastor tacos. When the server asked me which toppings I'd like, I simply said, "I trust you." He loaded them up with fresh ingredients - really fresh - and I enjoyed every bite, making noises like "mmmm" and "wow" and "oooh." The place is bright, clean, filled with upbeat music, staffed by friendly, helpful guys who know how to make a great taco. They don't have a large menu, but what they offer they do right. Give it a try. I'll be back for sure.Came to Philly for a quick visit. Stopped at the Museum of Art and their cafe was closed so of course, had to look no further than the internet for some suggestions on local places. Came across this little gem on the corner! What delicious food! Simple, clean, and awesome quality food for an unbeatable price! Will be returning to this place with more friends next time we are in Philly!My new fav place for tacos, my only gripe is they forgot to give me extra sauce for my nachos but food is fresh and delicious.Best tacos I've had in awhile! The chicken is flavorful, and all of the ingredients are fresh. It is pretty much like a more authentic version of chipotle, and cheaper. The music was a bit too loud, but the staff was extremely friendly. Perfect for a quick bite that is still high quality.Loved the tacos here. I tried one chicken, and two beef options. The chicken was my favorite! They were delicious, fresh and filling. We will definitely be returning to illegal tacos to enjoy other items on the menu.Oh man, I'm in a burrito coma. I got two HUGE burritos for $18. They came out fast and tasted great!I had a fantastic experience coming here for the first time. The customer service was awesome and the food is delicious, quick, and not expensive. Will definitely be back soon!Awesome food and customer service! Not a very big place compared to the more reviewed places here, but the food is hella better than some place like el vez. They don't have a bar or any alcohol, which may be why it's not as popular as the spots with happy hour. But if you want quality and great tasting authentic Mexican food, this spot is well recommended.
Edit: me and the wife just had a burrito and burrito bowl. Shopping now. Going back to Illegal Tacos for some tacos right after shopping. Life's good.I ordered the Chicken Tinga Taco bowl twice and my god... it was so good both times around. Super juicy chicken and the bowl itself was delicious also. The guacamole salsa is to die for. I wish I could order it by the pint. This place is definitely my favorite taco spot in the city so far.I could sit here and list all the reasons why. But the place is wonderful. Loved tacos and the burrito bowl. The service was AMAZINGLY friendly. First stop in Philly and one of our favorites so far. If you like Mexican, just freaking try it.The food here is really awful (lacking in seasoning), as is the vibe of the establishment overall.Got a chicken burrito and chicken taco bowl.  Both were excellent.  Will definitely go regularly. 
Have gone back again and extremely happy with the quality, taste and service. Specialty chicken grilled fresh and used on burrito and taco bowl.  This is a great addition to the neighbourhood.Best tacos in Center City, hands down. 
$9 for 3 tacos and a handful of tortilla chips may seem pricey, but the amount of protein that they put there, as well as whatever toppings you want, kinda evens things out. Their short rib is an absolute must-try. It's so tender and juicy, and just drips yumminess. All add-ons tasted fresh. 
The layout is very clean. There are several picnic tables to sit, and the decor is colorful.All in all, a solid taco. 
I ordered three taco meal. Unfortunately, you can only get the same protein for on three tacos. If you want different proteins, you need to order a separate 3 taco meal. That aside, the gentleman at the counter convinced me to get the tacos Al Pastor, when I normally go for the Carnitas at any taco joint I visit. Solid F'ing taco.
The habañero sauce was tasty. The meat was a little under salted for my taste, but I tend to like thing a bit saltier than most. 
Pair the solid F'ing tacos with al fresco dining and this was a pleasant experience. Check this place out. 
I guess I should also add that I had these tacos as dessert. I enjoyed these tacos after already being full. Food for thought. Pun intended.Legit tacos and super fast delivery. Ordered the el pastor tacos and they were delivered in about 15 minutes. The tacos are 3 to an order and they were packaged in a special container so each taco was protected (no mess!). The food quality is good. I'll definitely stop in soon as well as order delivery again.Went to illegal tacos for the first time today.  I got the al pastor burrito bowl and my boyfriend got the al pastor tacos.  Fresh, healthy toppings all included in the price.  Fast service and very reasonable.  Portions were large.  Great spot!Some of the best tacos I've had in Philly. Went with short rib and carnitas and both were phenomenal.I've heard good things about Illegal Tacos so I swung by last week for a bite. I ordered the Al Pastor Burrito that everyone has raved about, and was it good? Yes, yes it was! This place is now one of my top three buritto places in Philly. My only complaint is that I am not a huge fan of the texture, even though some love it. It's not pulled but rather, steak-like in cubes with a chew to it. Not what I was expecting but it tasted phenomenal​!So Good.!So Good. So Good. So Good. The food is insanely good. The burrito is huge. The wait time is fast.Yummy tacos and great chips! The staff was quick and got our orders correct. Would come back for more.Please top them how you would like to eat them, I said. 
The best way to eat the Al Pastor tacos are topped with the diced onion, cilantro and the red salsa, he said. 
Well alrighty then, let's do that! So, he sliced my serving of porky deliciousness off of the rotating stacked gyro looking spit and made to order 3 of the best al Pastor tacos I have ever had. The meat was seared on the flat top with perfectly diced pineapple and come 3 to an order and loaded onto warmed double tortilla. 
Everything about this place screams bright, colorful, inviting, clean, vibrant, happy, and the food is uncomplicated, delicious in its transparency of allowing natural flavors, paired well, to SING! 
An excellent addition to South Broad st!Great food for the price! Would definitely go back.
The place is very clean and the options are simple. You can customize your own food and they deliver to you if needed. 
Friendly staff and authentic Mexican horchata. Definitely a great option for lunch!We arrived on a Sunday at a brunch-ish time frame. They had just opened, the place was empty, and we were hungry! 
Got 3 tacos Al Pastor and a side of beans. What appeared to be a never ending quest, has been ended. I finally found delicious authentic tacos Al Pastor just like I used to eat regularly in Mexico City. Done! They come three to an order and I ate all three! They served them in a double flour tortilla. The shaved the meat off the spit and cooked it a little longer with pineapple (extra pineapple on my case). Then I got the raw onion and cilantro on top. A squeeze of lime and I was transported to Mexico without a passport. Maybe that's why they are illegal?!!!Delicious food! The staff is inviting and friendly! Definitely a welcomed addition to Broad Street.OMG. I had a hard time choosing what I wanted this time, but I settled on the ground beef picadillo burrito. It was amazing! It's a huge serving, so I have lunch for tomorrow too. There was a sauce that I saw at the end of counter and I asked if I could have it, thinking it was salsa verde. It's even better than salsa verde! I've never had it before, but it's like an avocado salsa verde - just delicious!!! I will be back again and again and again. This place is simply delicious - and I say that as someone who's traveled in Mexico, Central & South America. Thank you, Illegal Tacos!It's an interesting name...
The tacos are delicious and the price is amazing. I came here with my brother who is a big foodie for a light post movie dinner. Everything from the meat options, the salsa and even the chips were great. Definitely coming back again.These tacos were excellent. I got the Al Pastor, which is my benchmark for any place that sells al pastor. They were amazing. My only complaint would be that they sell the tacos in threes, but you only get to choose one protein. I understand because they are individually portioned for orders of three, but i feel like they're going to have to respond to that every day. I wanted to try three different tacos because they all sounded amazing. I'm not in that area of the city very often, but the next time i am, i'm definitely going in.Great food and great price. The food was so authentic and flavorful. My new go to and highly recommendedWow wow wow. Let me tell you just how excited I was to walk in and see al pastor on an actually spitroast. The food here was amazing. This was by far the best al pastor I've had. The shells were soft and fresh and the Chips were house friend and still warm. The salsa was perfectly spicy and made you want to go back in for more. If you're in the area try this place!I wish I could give them 6 stars! Wow, tough choices because everything looked so good. And it tasted just as good. The short rib and chickens tacos were my favorites. Such good flavor and the fresh toppings and sauces were phenomenal. I found a new spot to hit rather than always getting a cheesesteak when I'm down in Philly. Service was excellent and the place looks spotless. I can't wait to come back again.Definitely a must try if you're looking for quick but flavorful tacos! I live so close to this place that I'm upset I didn't come here when they first opened! The staff was helpful (with me being indecisive, of course) and the tacos were worth the hype. Just an overall solid meal without breaking the bank. It's so easy to choose the protein you want and customize your tacos with the toppings that you like best. Don't wait any longer to try it here!Great place to get a quick bite ! I got the carnitas tacos, and my friend got the chicken. Both were so flavorful and the unlimited toppings just added to the  flavors even more. They also came with a little side of homemade chips which were so fresh and crunchy.The price may seem little high at first for 3 tacos , but the portions were really generous leaving you full to the point you could not walk!Pretty good tacos but the al pastor was very dry. But good amount of food on the tacos; my companion got the burrito and they were disappointed by the amount. A nice taco spot in the city but a bit lackluster.I had read the reviews here and was meaning to try this new place. I ordered the chicken tinga taco salad and a pineapple jarrito. I had guacamole sauce added to the salad. It was absolutely delicious and flavorful. This is REAL mexican food and not fake like a couple of chains that are popular.  I was stuffed, so this could be shared between two people and with an order of tacos on the side. I imagine the burrito bowl would be enough for two since it would be the taco salad plus rice and beans in it. I am so glad this place is here because it is a 10-15 minute walk from my home.I love tacos of course. But there are countless taco restaurants/shops/trucks where I live (South Philly); many are great but surprisingly a good number of inauthentic, sloppy places. This is not one of the latter. The al pastor and barbacoa tacos were very delicious. You can clearly see and taste the care and quality in the preparation. 
I moved my eat24 app towards the top in my 'Food' folder on my phone partly for this restaurant.Nice surprise! Fresh cooked to orders, excellent Al Pastor on a spit in taco bowl! Courteous team and excellent service. Will be back next time we are in the area! Great jobs guysPretty standard but quite yummy tacos and burritos. The fillings were delicious, and the taco shells were nice and soft and fresh.   The chips were crunchy and were a high point. Service was pleasant and quick.  The menu is limited, as you'd expect for a fast food type place.
The place is bright, happy, and clean. Mexican music, maybe a little bit loud for my preference. Order at the counter and sit at tables or in the front window looking out on Broad Street. It's really nice when the weather is good and the front window is open, to sit there looking out while you eat. 
It's not quite like the authentic taquerias of South Philadelphia, which have a very wide variety of authentic food, but this place was good and fun.These tacos are DELICIOUS! I was taking my bike in to get fixed across the street and decided to try out this new taco place for lunch. The interior is clean and bright, the staff friendly, but more importantly the al pastor tacos I got were SO GOOD. The taco order comes with three tacos under $10, and then give you a good amount of meat and whatever toppings you'd like. The meat was very well marinated, and not very fatty, which I loved. I topped mine with cheese, cilantro, lime, and guacamole and let me tell ya, this is my new go-to taco shop!!Love everything about this place. The staff are friendly, the food is delicious, the delivery is fast, environment is clean, and they have jarritos. What's not to love?So I have been meaning to try this place since it opened, but I finally got there yesterday. Something that surprised me was the amount of workers they had behind the counter. They had four guys! They were squished in the back, but they made the line go very quickly, and once you were in it, your food came quickly.
Onto the food - your taco salads and bowls come in a fried shell, which always gets people going. They're all $8.33 for tacos, salad, bowl, etc., and that's for every kind of meat (chicken, shrimp, etc.). I got shrimp, and it was grilled fresh! You choose your toppings and then boom, you're done. They have Jamaica and Horchata for like $2.75, but the Jamaica wasn't as sweet as I'm used to.
The only thing I would change would be to have actual plates for people dining in instead of plastic clamshells that are also used for take out. This would be more environmentally friendly and make the dining in experience nicer! Can't wait to go back!Got a chicken burrito and chicken taco bowl.  Both were excellent.  Will definitely go regularly.Ended up here unexpectedly. The original place we wanted to go to was surrounded by crazy construction and abundant traffic. Sweet little find actually. Cute decor. My man got the shrimp tacos. I got the taco bowl with shrimp. Both were really good. We also got chips and salsa. The tacos seemed to be home made taco shells which were super tasty. My taco bowl was yummy too. Glad we ended up there.Watch your credit card statements. These people deducted the money for one meal twice from my account.Had an excellent burrito here and the chips are delicious. The walls are painted in vibrant colors. A good authentic alternative to Chipotle.Rude cashier and terrible food. The cashier took the cash from my hand like it was dirty, pinching it with two fingers takin the bills one by one. She rolled her eyes several times and was so slow to ring me up. The food is like eating at a pit stop on a highway. There are very limited vegetarian options. They just heat up some vegetables on and throw it over some unseasoned, flavorless parboiled rice.The burrito is good. Fresh vegetables and a good consistency for the tortilla shell. Does not fall apart. Doesn't get 5 stars due to the fact there was not a lot of meat or steak in my burrito. Chipotle gives you more meat then they do. Would have been a perfect burrito otherwise. I'll try again, just to make sure since it was an early order.Really solid tacos! I tried the chicken and Al Pastor tacos tonight. The Al Pastor comes fresh off a spit, and you customize with toppings as it moves down the efficient assembly line. The small handful of chips and salsas provided with your meal are worth remarking on as well - exceptional crunch and flavor on the chip, and nuanced spice in the salsa. I am not usually influenced by ambience, but here, the warm-colored walls, bright decorations, and Mexican music transported me right back to Tulum. 
I love the good stuff down in South Philly, but this is easily the best Center City option when I don't have the time to commute. Will definitely be back soon to try all the other tacos!!Finally found a place that has good tacos in Philly. I have had a taco bowl and tacos. Both had good amount of meat and great taste. I will be eating here often. They were busy here one lunch and couldn't deliver to my work otherwise I would have had this for lunch couple more times.It's not the best taco you'll ever eat but it's consistently good and that's all I'm really looking for in a grab and go kind of place like this.My favorite place for quick Mexican food in Philadelphia! The food is always fresh and the portion size/price is great! I always get a burrito bowl and it comes in a fried tortilla shaped like a bowl. Excited to try the elote, which they just rolled out as a side.We stopped to eat here after a day at the aquarium. Sooo good! The tacos al pastor were the best thing that we ordered. The meat was so juicy and flavorful. The tortillas were fresh. My son ordered a burrito. And we also got a taco salad. The taco salad was the only thing I wasn't a huge fan of. The chips are made fresh there. Not the cheap bagged stuff. And the salsas (especially the avocado one) were all great too! Not to mention the service. We had our hands full with our food and a two year old so they let us sit down and eat before paying. Which is good too since we went back for seconds anyway! Very friendly staff. Great service.So, I was driving on Broad street when I notice this new spot.  After my business appointment, I stopped by to get something to eat. I enter the establishment, and was greeted by everyone who were extremely nice and friendly. I ordered a Burrito, and it was super delicious.  I would recommend this place to anyone and I am going back soon!!!Great spot for authentic tacos coupled with a casual atmosphere and attentive service.  Every staff member I encountered in my two visits has treated me like a friend or relative.  I did not get the indifferent attitude vibe like you get at many casual restaurants in Philly.
Both times I ordered the Al Pastor tacos which come in a set of 3 with toppings of your choice.  Cilantro and chopped onions would be the classic taco you would usually get if you ordered one in Mexico.  But I know that many people have a love/hate relationship when it comes to eating onions.  Get a Jarritos lime soda to wash it all down.
Definitely a great casual lunch spot to fill a taco or burrito craving.  With the service and staff making me feel at home, certainly a spot I will go to again and again.As Good as Always
It's safe to say we're regulars at Tacodelphia living just a few blocks away. It's definitely the BEST tacos in the area and one of my favorite places in the city. Everything is reasonably priced and service is great. We've tried pretty much everything on the menu except the vegetarian stuff and it's all good.
The shrimp bowl is my favorite because it's served in a taco bowl. The rice, beans, ingredients w/ shrimp, plus the bowl is one of my favorite things. The food is authentic, made fresh, and made quickly. You can't really ask for much more than that. 
The best part? It's a neighborhood spot privately owned by a Philadelphian and he's extremely personable and kind every time we come in, and a reason we keep going back. Definitely give it a try if you're nearby!All their meat is fresh and very tasty. I usually get their al pastor but it's all very good, and the burritos and taco bowls are cheap and filling.Stopped by for the first time this afternoon and grabbed some chicken tinga tacos and a horchata for lunch. SO GOOD. The chicken was super tender and mild-flavored -- not at all spicy. Honestly I would have preferred a little more heat, but that's why the customizable toppings are there. Taco shells were perfect: super fresh, sturdy enough to hold the fillings, excellent corn flavor. The horchata was a wonderfully understated complement, not too heavy or sweet. Great if you want a drink that doubles as a light dessert for lunch.
The space is bright, colorful, and cheerful, very casual and welcoming. At $9 for three tacos and $3 for a drink, it's also a great value. I am definitely going to have to go back and work my way through the rest of the menu sometime soon.Wow!!! Stumbled upon this little shop one day while I was walking down broad. Their food was delicious! Some of the most authentic tasting tacos I've had. It's a build your own style so you get to pick all the ingredients you want. Would recommend this over chipotle. Not only does it taste 10x better, but you also get more bang for your buck. The venue was really nice and casual. You can just sit and talk to your friends in this kick-back environment. The people were also very nice and super friendly.Some of the worst, inauthentic American tacos I've ever had, and a name that is disrespectful for non latin people to use