I came in for lunch. I ordered the power bowl and they gave me tacos. When I said that wasn't what I ordered the entire staff was completely confused. The manager and the cashier were extremely rude about it and the cashier told me "oh because you didn't order correctly." Then the manager asked me if I knew what tacos were. Yes I know what tacos are. If I wanted tacos, I would have ordered tacos. This isn't rocket science. The place is also filthy and the bathrooms are disgusting.Love Taco Bell (most of the time.) Glad they are finally giving this place a face lift. It has been there for years and looks like they just keep adding paint.When you need a Taco Bell Fox late at night, this is your only option! Be prepared for crowded seating and homeless people harassing and sleeping here! But who cares, you need that Taco Bell!! You'll also find racist individuals here that are rude to customers and the workers!I love taco bell but i just think their missing sum kind of sauce but in my review i give them 5 stars.This taco bell doesnt taste like the rest its like they put a foot in.Okay, I feel weird even giving Taco Bell 3 stars, but the truth is... I would give more if I wasn't getting judged for it :) It's a guilty pleasure and should be treated as such. Does it taste better when you're hammered? Sure. Do I still get it sober? Yup. Anyway.... I could eat a baja steak chalupa multiple times a week and be happy about it. I did recently try the naked chicken chalupa and really enjoyed it. My only complaint is that they stopped carrying verde sauce!! There was a point in time when I was hoarding this sauce (I literally asked the woman behind the counter to "give me as much verde sauce as you can without being fired") and now it's no where to be seen. I also think this T-Bell is very clean (all things considered - it is on 10th and Chestnut) and its the only place where you can still get Mountain Dew Baja Blast. Not to mention the cinnabun balls and caramel apple empanadas!! What a treat.I have to resist specifically writing a review for the quesarito even though, realistically, that food item is what this T. Bell location symbolizes to me. If I WERE to do that, I'd say this establishment was meaty, melty, gooey, and best when it's covered in hot sauce. But I'm not reviewing the quesarito, I'm reviewing the Taco Bell. And as far as Taco Bells go (I've been to more than I can count), this one takes the cake (or the Caramel Apple Empanada, as it were.)
Clean, well-tended drink machines, plenty of seats.... I'm shocked that folks are not flocking here every night for late night munchies. Shocked, but elated, as it has become my personal munchie oasis after a trip to Yakitori Boy or a fish bowl at Graffiti! Nestled comfortably on Chestnut, it's accessible from nearly any spot I might visit in Center City. A must for a one-track-taco-mind after slinging back bevvies.
The staff has always been courteous, quick, and, on 2 of my 3 visits (SO FAR!), hilarious, making jokes like we were old pals. The bathrooms are clean (again: SO FAR) so use them at will.
And if you don't leave here either a) armed with a quesarito or b) bellied with a quesarito you've already eaten... you're doing it wrong.Shift leader didn't ask what kind of tacos I wanted had an attitude when I mentioned that.Terrible customer service, I've given this place 3 tries before my review, food was cold and half open in the bag when purchased, beans were cold cheese wasn't even melted. Have the taco meat and condiments were out of the shell into the bag. I understand it's cheap fast food but come on, the employees are high and don't know what the word thank you is, it seems you have to beg for an answer.You just have to be in that sort of mood. You know, when only a crunchy taco with beefy goodness and just the right amount of crunch from semi-fresh lettuce and some creamy saltiness from shredded cheese will do it. Yes, there are times when you find yourself 10 tacos deep and definitely regretting the experience afterwards, but in the moment, so worth it. This location get it done and while the service is a little slower, the quality of food is all the same.I have never seen someone so patient and helpful with hungry drunk people at 1:30 AM as Allen was tonight. Very appreciative, I wish I had his patience.this was around 9am on a weekday morning.  when i first walked in, the cashier person was no where in sight.  i was hoping it would be a speedy pickup but guess not..  there was one other customer and me so at least the line wasn't bad.  after couple of minutes, someone finally came out to take our orders.  as if the wait part wasn't annoying enough, i asked for a grande scrambler but when i got to the office and opened my breakfast it was regular breakfast burrito.. let's just say i was not the happiest camper that morning.. prob wont return.One of the cleanest and nicest taco bells I've been to. The server was so friendly. She helped me build an epic vegan burito.Very clean, nice staff and the food is always hot and delicious. It's open late even without a drive thru, which is good because I work late. Thumbs up Taco Bell!Tried to go here a half an hour before the store closes and their doors are locked. Knocked on the door and an employee wouldn't even look up to respond and open the door. DON'T GO to this Taco Bell. No drive-thru either. It would probably be locked anyways. I wish I could give zero stars.Never have I been spoken to like that from a Corp company. I am going to let them know. So rude . They can't just apologize they charged 13.00 extra for the order. They talk over you and this is the second time it's happened . Check your order before you leave ! It's true what they say about fast food .If I could give this 0 stars I would. In a heavily populated area, but gives 0 care about their customers. Have fun sitting in like for an hour for the wrong order. Avoid at all costs.I'll be first.  Taco Bell is a rare guilty pleasure of mine.  I got excited when I saw this one was opening near my current place of living, and thought that's nice I deserve some Taco Bell in my life.  I have yet to try the breakfast, but I did try the new cool ranch chicken taco.  It wasn't bad, but overall I've been pretty disappointed with the Doritos taco shells.  No major complaints about the restaurant/store itself.  They didn't put napkins in the bag.  It's new so everything is relatively clean.  I'm sure this will do well with the Jefferson crowd and people heading home after a late night.I have never been a huge Taco Bell fan, but I hadn't tried it in a decent amount of time and I wanted to give it another try! Unfortunately, my experience was just as poor as the rest. Sigh. The meat was just very "mushy" - does that make sense? It was simply an overall bland meal and I would not recommend going here unless you are EXTREMELY intoxicated.Taco Bell is an awesome place to stop by after a night out! It is open until 2 AM so it is one of the few places open so late at night. My favorite thing to get is the Doritos locos tacos supreme. I do not have any complaints from the times I have been here.I have finally visited the Center City TB after countless ignored late-night cravings. It was the end of Beer Week and all I wanted was my typical four crunchy tacos. No sauces. The end.
Yelp says they close at 1 a.m. on Sundays but they actually close at midnight. I noted this fact via Google ahead of time, so I arrived by 11:30 p.m. to be safe and not be that person demanding tacos two minutes to close.
Staff were just as friendly as you'd expect at 11:30 p.m. on a Sunday at a fast-food place. I can't really blame them. However, the wait (I also added a quesarito), was way too long, especially when there was only one person ahead of me. I guess I've been spoiled by drive-thru locations, but it shouldn't take ten minutes to put some beefy mush in hard shells with lettuce and shredded cheese.
Anyway, the four tacos were good and hot -- typical Taco Bell -- when I ate them a few minutes later. The quesarito was so bland, however, and just not my thing.
I'd still return to this location but will continue to limit my visits for my GI tract's sake.This is second time I've been here and I must say this is the cleanest T.B I've ever been to and the service is nice, no drama.  The food..... Well , hey it's Taco Bell !This location is so sloppy.  These employees clearly hate their jobs.  Few times ordered and my food looked like it had a rough ass day.  Only thing that saved the food was my sriracha sauce I keep.  Companies need to realize just because you're taking money from someone doesn't mean you can just give them poor quality food or service and them stay quiet about it.Eating at this Taco Bell was like a breath of fresh air, if only all taco bells were like this one. Service was great and even the food tasted better than any Taco Bell I've had. There was a problem with me trying to enter the ps4 giveaway with my phone, and the manager (Richi, sorry for spelling) was more than willing to help me out with it. Will definitely return!It's taco bell. It's consistent with other taco bells. It's a place I visit once a decade, maybe. The good thing is that it's fast and cheap, and it's easy to make things vegan there. Although I liked taco bell way better before I was vegan like 25 years ago.
I remember staying at my cousin's for a week when I was 12 and they had no food, or if they did, it was gross. Days later my cousin Joey walks in after a night's shift at taco bell with a six-pack of hard tacos for us. It was one of my most memorable experiences.
Today i'm grateful that I can get 3 veggie burritos for less than five bucks but only if really depressed and broke.Ate here many time without issue. Typically lunch but a few times breakfast. 
Staff always friendly and my order has never been wrong. I never had to wait long for food. The line can get long at times though try to go a little before noon. 
Not too big inside but nice decor. Self service fountain drinks are good with a nice variety of Pepsi products. 
I like to try the new menu items which seems like a new one every month. Always tasty but sometimes they take stuff off the menu too fast
I will return next time I want to make a run for the border!I was purposefully ignoring David's review that seemed more focused on his personal distaste for the clientele and not so much the actual location when I waltzed in to see what was up.
Everyone I've spoken to here has been pleasant. I've been about 5 times in the past month (Yes, I know) and each time was a good experience. 
The place is clean, the service was prompt and my food was good. That's all I really ask for from a TB. The fact that it is a central location made me apprehensive at first but I was pleasantly surprised and quite happy with it. 
It is one thing to dislike the food, the service or the cleanliness of a location but to gripe and judge other customers is just unnecessary.
So yes, 5-stars for a fast food joint because I judge based on the type of establishment and for a fast food place this is awesome. I don't understand those who refuse to award high marks because of the type of business, it is misleading in my eyes.Well you know, the food is not good. You already knew that. It's not even good with alcohol. The only thing that changes when you add alcohol, is that you might want it, believing it will be good, but it won't be. But that's why we were here, wasn't it. 
The four stars is because I avoid fast food like the plague due in equal parts to the bad food and the mean people who work there, and this place had some seriously sweet and upbeat workers!
They were so nice to me! I tried to give the guy a hundred, and he was very apologetic about not having the change for it. Then while I was waiting and minding my own business he said "sweetheart?" and I was like "wuh me?" turns out he got the change for me! I know, why did I do this, try to break a hundred in a TB? Okay you gross tacky girl. But my point here is: when has anyone working in a fast food restaurant actually gone out of his/her way to help you? It's never happened to me. 
The super tall lady sweeping around gave me a big smile when she passed by. Um, that never happens either! Fast food workers in my experience are always so discourteous and gruff they look like they're nursing an abscess in their mouths. Anyway, then someone called my name and, as I always do when someone calls my name, I experienced a flash of panic, but the large lady just wanted to give me my awful food, smile at me, and tell me to have a great day.
If you like TB, you should go out of your way to come to this one. 
Lastly, I'm sorry I kept abbreviating it as TB, which also stands for tuberculosis.Every once in a while, I need a quick Taco fix - especially if I'm in that part of Center City.  On the few occasions that I have been there, the service has been slow and the items I ordered were not put together properly - I was even served a broken hard shell taco.  The seating is not arranged in a way that allows the traffic to flow and I have never seen this location looking very clean.This was a late night trip to Taco Bell to specifically try the Cool Ranch Doritos Loco Taco. I tricked it out as supreme with beans instead of beef. And as much as I was looking forward to it, the Cool Ranchness was lost on it. Just like the Loaded Doritos at 7-Eleven, it left me underwhelmed.
The best bite of the night was the Carmel Apple Empanada. It was warm, crunchy on the outside and Carmel Apple goodness on the inside.
I also wanted to mention that the service was really out going and friendly. And I imagine this was partly because they were closing soon.I was the only person in line, and ordered two simple burritos. I have waited a long time and people who came in after me have already received their orders. This is ridiculous. It seems they focus way too hard on mobile orders they forget to serve their in-person customersBoo!!! If this restaurant was a show and I was a reviewer like Rotten Tomato then I would give it a -1%.  First of all, the service was poor. Only one cashier during a late lunch rush at 1:29PM. It did not help that the customers were kinda "ratchet" and customizing their food so it wasn't even Taco Bell food anymore. They were hanging off the counter tops. It wasn't a pretty site. Come here if you're out late and need food but jeez. Their service was horrible. The food too. It was $7.12 so the city taxes kinda make it a little pricier than non city locations.
The food is edible but poor quality. I had a taco and the bottom shell just broke then all my meat fell. GG. To all my none gamer peeps, it means good game and I give up. Don't come here if you don't have to. Ahhh!I love this place! I got really excited when I saw that a Taco Bell was opening nearby, the other closest one is in the gallery, which I rarely go to. The place is extremely clean and the employee are so friendly! I will definitely be back.This is place is a shit show even before you get your food     This place is overwhelming crazy   .   Mobile orders , grub hub, in store.  Stay awayWorst experience I've ever had in my life. Took 45 minutes to get 4 tacos and when I asked where my order was, the manager said "you've only been waiting 37 minutes and there's three orders ahead of you." Absolutely ridiculous. Avoid this place at all costs. By the time I got my food I wasn't even hungry anymore. And when I opened my food bag, a taco was already open and poured out everywhere. Took it back to get it refilled and it took another 20 minutes so I had to beg and plead for a refund. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.Worst Taco Bell location ever. 35 people standing in line waiting to pick up orders. Employees are apathetic and ornry. Police chase  your car.Not the value I remember growing up, but the flavor is the same.  This place should be half the price of chipotle considering what they serve.  I was starving going in and starving seven bucks laterSometimes, it's okay to give in to temptation and have something you should not. That's why TB exists, I guess -- maybe also to remind you that you should not give into temptation often.
The food was okay, but the counter staff left a lot to be desired. My name isn't Brayan (said that twice) and I didn't want my order to-go (said that twice, too).  I wish I had a job where I don't really have to pay attention to what customers say.  I could not wait to leave after eating my to-go order inside the joint...This is a Taco Bell, you should know what you are getting into. Enjoy your Crunchwrap Supreme! #fastfoodbestfoodThis Taco Bell changed my life. My ex wife kicked me out of my apartment and left me for dead on the street. I was wandering for months trying to find any source of happiness in my depression. And then I found it, this Taco Bell. I walked in expecting to have the same old fast food I've always had, but no. This food changed my life. It brought the light back into my eyes, life had color again. This Taco Bell changed my life, it is truly amazing.I'm not going to lie, I typically would not write a review for fast food restaurant however, first time I've ate at a Taco Bell in many years. This place has the best employees. Not only are they cleaning in depth, wearing all their appropriate hairnets on their beard and hair, greeting customers with the other customer specs and details. No lie I would recruit every single one of themSlowest Taco Bell I have ever been to. Every time I come here I feel like they are training a new staff and they have never seen a Taco Bell menu. Doesn't mater what time or day you come here expect to wait 15 minutes for two tacos even if you are the only person in line.Holy crap.. this is the worlds slowest Taco Bell. 45 mins, I kid you not. We were one of the first group of people to roll in at 2am and it still took 45 mins. They take your name for the order and then claim that they called it. No, no you didn't. I have been like a ravenous wild animal waiting at this front counter for my food. I would have heard my name being called. They remade my order and still forgot two of my items. It's a hot mess in that place, day or in the middle of the night. Be prepared for a long wait, incorrect items and dirty tables.At 7:30AM today, I proclaimed I wanted tacos to what I thought were the only ears who would listen. They mocked me; however, Taco Bell was listening. They erased my shame with a delicious breakfast burrito & my heart was again full.I have gone to this taco bell countless times and have never encountered any issues... today was the worst for customer service ever waited 45 mins to find out my order was given to the wrong customer.. manager gave me a refund and said they would remake my order no charge. I never got my remake finally after a little over an hour I left... cashier was super sweet and apologized multiple times I felt bad for her I wasn't the only customer who had been waiting a long time for food..
 Will be a long time before I go there again if I ever do5 Stars?  Really?  Yup!!
Well, first off, I love Taco Bell no matter what.  I know it's junk fast food, but I still love it.  It's one of the few fast foods I refuse to give up.  Since the only other location is in the Gallery, I don't eat it that often.  But then, they decided to open a block from my building.  I heard a heavenly choir the day I saw the sign go up.  
The location is new so it's crazy clean inside, which is a rare sight inside a Taco Bell.  The employees are all super friendly (of course I go fairly early when it's not busy so I don't know how they are in a rush) and will usually chat with you while you wait for your food.  The food is just standard TB, nothing special really, but still somehow very delicious.  
If you're a fan of other TBs, you won't be disappointed.Worst. Ever. Placed my order on an an in store mobile screen. Arrived before the rush, 1:37am order completed. Waited to check in for 30 minutes, didn't want to be rude. They claimed they must have deleted it. They stalled for 10 minutes and then they placed it again for me at the register using my phone. Forgot to correctly enter 4 of the items because the "Taco Bell order font was too small for them to read" on their own order. Another 30 minutes later -  forgot 3 of the items for no reason. completely rude the entire time while we were in there for 1 hour and 13 minutes.When we first got in the store, the cashiers were lauphing loudly. And while we were telling our order, they were not paying attention and still laughing. The tables were dirty, it was a total mess..There was no ice in the machine and all drinks were badThis is the worst and slowest Taco Bell I have been to in my entire life. 45 minutes to make a chalupa seems excessive to me, but I've never been in the gauntlet of a Taco Bell kitchen.
That being said, there is nothing better than a delicious 7-layer burrito smothered with hot sauce at 2AM after a night out. My feelings about this Taco Bell are thus conflicted, and so, three stars.Avoid this location. They gave me a wrong order. I asked for a cheesey gordita crunch and they gave me a chalupa......I've been going to Taco Bell for years now and chalupa and the gordita crunch are nowhere near similar. Don't know how the person making it didn't realize what I asked for. Nonetheless, the chalupa was fine but I asked for a gordita crunch. 
I recommend the location on JFK boulevard instead for more accurate orders.Waited 50 min for my mobile order. When I asked them, they said the order got lost. Other mobile orders in store was waiting a long time.They forgot my chalupa. It is a pretty dirty crappy Taco Bell...but what do you expect...it is Taco Bell. My girlfriend loves it, I might die from eating it but as long as she is happy.  They forgot my chalupa.Do NOT use this Taco Bell with GrubHub. They will completely screw up your order and neither party will fix it.First off to the haters: if you order food here and it's not ready in 5min get on their ass. Who the fuck waits 45min, fools!
Second, to the fools who order fast food for delivered: you get what your lazy asses deserve.
Third, food was great, as expected. Tacos unbroken and. Tip, get the box it's a good deal.Service wasn't terrible but when I opened my bag. My tacos were half opened, wrapped terribly and the bag had fell apart. I couldn't even enjoy my food because it was so messy. Never again.Food here is diarrhea. You feel like eating diarrhea and you will go home have diarrhea. Hygiene at this store is absolutely terrible. There was also needle I the bathroom. I am traumatized by this taco bell. This store should be closed and the franchise owner should never be allowed to open any food business. Absolutely shameful. Pro tip make sure you have access to a bathroom after eating here cuz you need it.A wonderful woman that was making food in the kitchen around 9pm on 9/17 was so generous and kind, and promptly fixed our order when there was a minor mistake - also the cashier was so kind and attentive. This Taco Bell has definitely been improving their service with the hiring decisions they've been making latelyHoly Hell!!! Bring a book! How, after all this store has been through (YouTube the video where the employees assault a customer), is the service STILL THIS BAD!!! No matter what day of the week or time of day, prepare to wait for an hour+ to get even the simplest order. And don't think you can skip the wait with GrubHub or a mobile order... it's still just as slow, perhaps even worse. Food order is never right, and the place is filthy. Every employee is disorganized, confused, slow, and disinterested. They are unapologetically terrible at everything. I mean, I honestly don't know how you can fail so miserably, so often, and still stay open. How has corporate not shut down this franchise yet? It's so laughably awful!!One staff member, Tanya, was extremely rude. There was a mix up on our order (which is understandable! I used to work in customer service!) and upon inquiring about our order, Tanya approached me very confrontationally and used explicit language. Very disappointed not only in her but also in the response of the staff. When I informed another staff member about the situation she had to be reminded twice to alert the manager. The manager listened to our concerns (which I appreciate) but I am not clear what came of it.It takes 30-45 minutes for an order of a burrito, a taco, and a chalupa. Wtf. This is not for delivery. I could only imagine what delivery times are like. 
I go to Taco Bell enough to know a bad one when I see one. The food is bad for you. I never feel sick after eating at any other Taco Bell. But whenever I eat at this one I always feel sick. Either they're letting the meat sit out too long or just not cooking it properly, whatever it is I would avoid this place. 
Hands down the worst Taco Bell I've been to.Check it - if you don't like Taco Bell or fast food or have high expectations, go to Chipotle. That place is bangin.
Myself? I'm a fat ass who likes Taco Bell and fast food. That being said, this is the best Taco Bell I've been at. It's super clean. The decor is modern and they play the latest pop songs so the place isn't depressing like other Taco Bells (Suburban station, The Gallery, etc). 
The food is as clean and edible as a fast food joint gets. The employees are either friendly or normal. The customers are mostly Jefferson students/employees so you never get the vibe you're going to get stabbed (like other Taco Bell locations).
Update: Free wifi!Used grubhub to deliver three blocks away to my busy bar. Not only did it take over two hours to make the food, but half of it was missing and the other half was wrong.  Do betterThis is the worst Taco Bell I have ever been to. The employees are lazy and the management is horrific. Half the time the order is wrong and forget about complaint to them. They will not care. Save your money and don't waste it here.  
These people should be embarrassed by the quality of service they provide.This Taco Bell is still garbage. Never had a single chalupa or burrito that was properly made. The way make the food seems like they got two year olds in the back acting like the food is play doh 
Also what kind of Taco Bell closes at 11 on the weekends. Anyways, don't eat at this location.I came into this location for the first time while bringing a friend, and I was honestly pretty happy with my experience. I'm a pretty big Taco Bell fan, and I was bringing my friend I for the first time. The employee behind the register was extremely friendly and was definitely entertained by my extensive knowledge of the Taco Bell menu.
Both my friend and I placed our orders within a pretty short amount of time, and the employee at the register was kind enough to give us free drinks when I mentioned how much I enjoyed Mountain Dew Baja Blast. 
In about 5 minutes, our food was brought out by an employee from the kitchen who greeted us in a very friendly manner. I had ordered a Chalupa Supreme, Beefy Fritos Burrito, Nacho Fries, and a 2-Pack Cinnabon Delights. I thought all of my food was well-made, and I thoroughly enjoyed my experience. Our table was also clean, and the restaurant was not too crowded around 9PM.
Overall, I would come back to this location. Service, food quality, and atmosphere were good. I don't always have good fast food experiences in the city, but I definitely enjoyed this one.Restaurant is an absolute dump. Employees are rude as all hell. Taco Bell is pretty awful to begin with but this particular Taco Bell manages to make it even worse.I normally would have given a higher rating, but I had a horrible experience yesterday.  I have already contacted corporate.  I eat here at least once a week.  Yesterday it was about 3:30, and I was eating and suddenly the room reeked of cigarette smoke and got really cold.  I look to the door, and 2 customers are standing IN the doorway smoking cigarettes, blowing the smoke outside but standing IN the restaurant smoking.  An employee was right next to me emptying trash and I asked her to please say something to the customers.  I only have partial hearing and she mumbled something and I didn't hear her, and then she just simply walked away and continued to collect the trash and let the customers smoke in the doorway.  That was incredibly unacceptable.  I tried to call the restaurant just now to speak to the manager and the line was busy so hopefully I'll get through later or I'll just stop by.I ordered two beefy crunch burritos here and they forgot to put beef in them. Incompetent workers, thanks for wasting my time and money.So, this is one of my favorite places to take out-of-towners on a Saturday night.  Truly the best dinner and a show option in Philly.  The thing is though, you don't know what kind of show you're going to see.  Here are some of the shows: a crackhead smoking crack in the lobby, a fight behind the registers, the racist employees beating Asians in the street, someone stealing a bicycle, delivery driving screaming at the employees because of long wait times, a table of four all with buttcracks sticking out and staring you down, a junkie shooting up in the corner booth, or one person trying to run the entire restaurant.  I really love this place.  I have to, unfortunately, only give four stars though because the bathroom is pretty gross every time I've used it. 
 Otherwise, a five star experience!  BRING BACK THE BEEFY CRUNCH BURRITO!!!Amazing customer service , everything was fast & efficient. All of our needs were met with the assistance of the young lady Raven. She is an outstanding staff member. The entire staff was OFF THE CHAIN !  Best Taco Bell ever !!!!!!