I go here for pasta as often as I can!  The fresh cut egg pasta is $6 and worth every penny.  We go here for cut and sheets of pasta.  We make raviolis and lasagna with the sheets.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I have purchased frozen pasta there and a few other things, no complaints, but nothing tops their fresh pasta.I'm really kicking myself in the butt right now. I live in SWP and for years I always noticed this lil italian pasta shop on the corner maybe a block from my house. I always wanted to go in there, but could never figure out the hours (or maybe I was procrastinating as usual who knows). 
Anywho years ago a friend was staying with me and managed to make her way down to the lil italian shop and came back with what I to this day consider to be the best pasta/marinara sauce I've ever tasted. 
Ffwd to 2015. I needed some fresh pasta and a friend suggested that I visit Talluto's. The service was great and the pasta was AMAZING. I will never buy pasta out of the grocery store again. When I walked up to the store the sign looked familiar, but I didn't put two and two together. It wasn't until I looked up the store that I realized that this gem had been sitting a block away from my house for idk how many yrs ...
The original shop in southwest is closed now...sucks because I would be their #1 customer, but I understand. (Shout out to the nasty breakfast food spot that replaced it...yea that was an upgrade for sure *sarcasm*). I guess I will have to make that trip down to the Italian market when I don't feel like making my own pasta, but as good as this pasta is, I don't mind at all. 
(I'm REALLY bummed about that original location closing though lol I just had this magical full circle moment like 5 min ago so the wounds are fresh)OK, I have to agree w/ the other reviewers.  I am really really picky about my red sauce, or gravy as you all say here and this one at Talluto's is stellar!  Just enough acidity and a really bright flavor.  Went perfectly with Talluto's cheese ravioli.  Which were also terrific.  And I am NOT a ravioli fan in general.  Can't wait to work my way through their other fare.My boyfriend and I came here to buy fresh homemade breadcrumbs and homemade tomato sauce. The sauce was lite and good. We loved the breadcrumbs, we used them to make breaded chicken. We loved walking around the shop to see what they had. We wanted to buy every type of ravioli but had to resist. We will definitely be back to try their homemade pastas.Great customer service. awesome  fresh mozzarella. Homemade pasta is delicious. I would give 5 stars, but I have never bought fresh pasta elsewhere to compare it. Great spot, and I am not a tourist.Been coming here for years and the quality never disappoints! Best fresh pasta around. Excellent "gravy". Marinated mozz is fantastic; as is the frozen asiago tortellini & raviolis.Nice selection of olives. Got some real nice stacked eggplant parm kinda thing at the counter. What's not to love about this place?My bf's mother swears by Talluto's pastas, and whenever she doesn't feel like cooking dinner she will try to swing by their store to pick up any of the various pastas and lasagnas they offer. We've enjoyed a few different raviolis with them, and last night had one of their gigantic cheese lasagnas that could probably feed a party of at least 10 adults - the five of us at dinner ate maybe a third of it! Pastas can be purchased either fresh or frozen, so she'll usually pick up some for that night and one or two more choices for later in the week.The rose sauce had me literally licking my plate clean in front of my boyfriend while he made jokes about how we've become too comfortable around each other. I had it with the lobster ravioli which was good, but I wouldn't actually rate any better than Trader Joe's lobster ravioli (which I like a lot). I would consider this to be a must see on the Italian Market.Fresh cut pasta while you wait.  Damn it is sooo good.  Hard to eat dry store bought pasta after tasting their heavenly fettucini.  
As for the rest of the store, their oils and vinegars and canned foods are over priced.  You can get them for much less down the street.  For this reason I considered giving them 4-stars instead of 5, but hell, that pasta is so damn good....Amazing food! Great selection of fresh pasta, sauce and cheese. It is a little pricey, but I will never buy jar alfredo sauce again after having theirs. It was SO good! The fresh pasta was great and is something I will definitely treat myself to occasionally, it is very expensive compared to boxed pasta. Love checking out their specials as well!First time here and got the fresh cheese ravioli and homemade marinara. It was reasonably priced, and tastes amazing!!! The filling of the ravioli is creamy and light. The marinara sauce is perfectly spiced. Can't wait to go backI am obsessed with their fresh cut made to order pasta.  I always stick to the Spinach Fettucine.  It is amazing.  One of these days I need to try something else, but why stray from something that you know is going to be fantastic.Talluto's is the store in the Italian market where you can get great, fresh, handmade pasta... that should be enough to get you here, to be honest. Fresh pasta is the the thing I most remember from my trip to Italy, and you can get close to it right here in the Italian market. 
I bought some sweet potato gnocchi, as well as the scallion sauce that they recommended with it. I also bought some of their handcut pappardelle (you can choose a long pasta and they will hand cut it for you - how cool is that?!). The pappardelle was really, really good - really had that fresh taste to it. The gnocchi was pretty good too, but honestly wasn't much better than other gnocchi I've cooked at home from a package.
Overall, I definitely recommend poking your head in here when you visit the Italian market. Even if it's just for the idea of fresh pasta!Yum City. 
I bought a groupon a while back for $25 worth of pasta/products from Talluto's.
Super quaint lil spot in the Italian Market with lots of frozen/fresh pasta options. I chose the frozen lobster ravioli, rose sauce, and a package of frozen meatballs. We had the lobster rav with rose sauce last night and it was fantastic- still tasted super fresh and the sauce was lick-the-bowl-good. Hoping the meatballs are just as impressive!Great fresh pasta with some variety: whole grain, regular, spinach, saffron, and squid ink.  Great frozen pasta: ravioli, crepes, tortellini, gnocchi, capellini.  Great fresh mozzarella.  Nice selection of oils.
Cramped, but awesome.Very good though very basic Sicilian food. Delicious meatballs There are more interesting places to have Italian food in Philly but this was more than acceptable.Intoxicating smell of briny mixed olives and pungent cheeses upon entering the shop. Incredible pastas, particularly the cannelloni, which has been baked many times with a burgundy wine marinara and topped with fresh mozzarella for a show-stopping meal. Wonderful fresh pasta. Good, tangy buffalo mozzarella. Meatballs in sauce are too salty, an admonition of those who neglected to bake their own. Prompt, friendly service. Highly recommended.Fresh mozz, best in philly. I wish I lived closer to 9thI stop in every few weeks to stock up on pasta they cut to order and the amazing frozen raviolis and olives.  This tiny store is like a cattle chute where you can only go forward, and you can't go back to grab stuff so make sure you get everything you need from the start.I've been a fan of Talluto's home made ravioli since I was a kid growing up in Southwest Philadelphia, where their first store was located.  They are the best hands down!!  Also, try the marinated mozzarella.  Yes, it's something you can get in any Italian speciality store, but Talluto's set the standard for these yummy delights!! Everyone else's pales in comparison!Our go-to spot for fresh pasta.  The cases of frozen pastas are drool-worthy.  CAN'T beat the meatballs!  We buy them frozen in a pack of 6 with sauce- we always joke about "rationing" them out because we never want to run out before our next trip to the Italian Market!Great place!  Lots of great pastas to choose from.  The fresh cheese raviolis are amazing.  Been a customer for years and still love it.I had to update this upon trying the rose sauce: hands down the best sauce I have ever had in my life! Creamy, cheesy almost? blush deliciousness! I introduce it to all of my friends, and they have all loved it as well! It's my go-to sauce! I don't know what I'll ever do if I leave Philly and don't have access to it anymore!I almost wish I didn't discover this place- because boxed pasta will never be the same. We found out during a walk in Little Italy (aka trying to walk off a Paesano's food coma) and realized we had nothing planned for dinner.
The refrigerated section was a carb/pasta lover's dream come true- multiple varieties of different pastas, recommendations for sauces to go with said pastas, and Italian dinner specialties that are already premade. After a few minutes of discussing what we should get, we noticed a sign that for $24 you can get two packages of the lobster ravioli and a sauce of your choice. As we were walking towards the counter to pay, we also grabbed a loaf of fresh bread.
All I can say is wow- the pasta was fresh, the sauce was amazing (go with the Rosa sauce - you will not be disappointed)  and fed us for 2 meals. Each package came with either 16 or 20 ravioli- a hearty portion per package compared to going out to a restaurant and getting 4-5 lobster raviolis for $20 and you could taste the lobster in each bite.
They had a ton of gnocchi varieties there as well which I can't wait to go back and try. If you happen to be walking around the Italian Market area definitely stop in- and if your not in the area, find an excuse to go .This is my go-to spot for fresh cut pasta in the Italian market. Just walk up to the counter and order which type you'd like and they cut it from sheets right there by the window. The store is also full of other goodies like fresh cheeses, Italian meats, olive oil, frozen raviolis and the like. 
The one draw back is that the store is incredibly small for the amount of food they have and the food can tend to be a little expensive. It is on the higher quality end though so that's to be expected. 
Be prepared to wait in line if you stop in on the weekend or during a busy tourist time.Picked up fresh pasta sheets for lasagna here and it was amazing!  I never used fresh pasta for lasagna before but now I will never go back.  The texture is silky smooth and you don't have to boil the noodles beforehand, and the baking time is reduced to only 30 minutes.
They have TONS of different kinds of fresh pastas available- egg, spinach, tomato, whole wheat and black squid ink pasta.  I will definitely make this my weekly stop for fresh pasta!Ravioli? Holy Cannoli!
This place carries oives, fresh mozz, oive oil, bread, etc. but I recommend you get all that at Di Bruno's or Claudios.
What you really come to Talluto's for is their fresh pasta. They have freezers that hold their freshly made ravioli, cavatellis, penne and sauces.   These are incredible. 
HINT: For the adventurous chefs, just ask for a sheet of pasta to bring home, and then cut/mold your own pasta at home! (It will make you feel more accomplished, trust me).Great fresh pasta and ravioli. Also some nice fresh marina sauce. Got the frozen pesto that we really enjoyed. A dependable institution in the market.Wide selection of high quality cheeses, pastas, roasted peppers, and pantry items like sauces. The frozen lasagna is some of the best I've had, including at restaurants! Working my way through the other pasta offerings.The fresh burrata is a delicious treat too. The space is a bit small for casual browsing at peak times, so go during slower hours for your first trip. An Italian Market staple!You can only get by on Barilla for so long; eventually, all Italian food lovers find themselves slavering in front of the freezers at Talluto's.
Want designs or pretty colors on your pasta? You won't find any of those fake colors or flavors at Talluto's. Ingredients like squid ink are used to liven up the appearance of your favorite pastas.I have never seen so many delicious varieties of fresh as well as homemade, frozen pastas! I wish that I lived in Philadelphia so I could come here all the time to purchase their pastas and sauces. The shop itself is quite tiny, but even then, they have an olive bar that basically takes up the center. And there are a few chafing trays of other ready made foods as well, including non-pasta entrees like chicken cutlets. Definitely a great place to check out for your next "homemade" Italian meal!I visited Talluto's this weekend to use a Groupon. 
With my $20 Groupon, I was able to get a pound of fresh-cut linguine, frozen gnocchi, a container of Rose sauce and a container of marinated mozzarella balls. Not bad for 20 bucks!
Being a fresh-cut pasta noob, I was a little nervous about cooking it for the first time, but OMG, so easy, and soooo much better than boxed pasta! If only I lived close enough to the Italian Market to make fresh-cut pasta a regular thing! The pasta was so tender and cooked to a perfect al dente in 3 minutes! Awesome.
The marinated mozzarella balls were something to write home about, for sure. We had them as a pre-dinner treat and they were delicious!
I can't wait to try the Rose sauce and gnocci! If the linguine and mozzarella are any indication, I'm sure they will be great. 
The store is a little tight, but what do you expect when they cram so much goodness in there? On a Sunday afternoon, I didn't get the feeling of claustrophobia that is common in some of the other stores. I was still able to move around freely.
Definitely a fan. I can't wait to try more of their stuff!Fresh pasta and tomato sauce are incredible and deserve way more than five stars. We tried the capellini (amazing) and will be back shortly to try all of the other types of pasta. This place is amazing, definitely go here if you're craving a pasta dinner!Two words: FRESH and HOMEMADE!! The cheese ravioli and the mozzarella knots with their bread... Holy crap. I mean, SUPER GOOD. All of it!!!! Get them behind the counter. A box of ravioli was like 8 bucks or so for 12... 15? can't remember I'm still in a food coma. I made my own pesto and served the rav to some friends who all were like pretty blown away. It would have been cooler if I actually could make those little crack-rav's myself.Tiny storefront with lots of handmade items. Expect to pay a premium price for quality.  For example, a small frozen lasagna of their brand was in the $12 range. They had small bags of meatballs that weren't labeled with price (always frustrating).
I came in to check out options for guests who are arriving soon who have a myriad of special needs. It was nice to find that they offered at least one or two gluten free pastas.
Other items you might need for cooking an Italian dish are here, like giant cans of Cento tomato sauce.Well, you did it Talluto's. I will NEVER again buy boxed pasta. Visited the store last Saturday and bought a pound of fresh cut Pappardelle. WOW. Incredible texture! I cooked it for 3 and a half minutes in water as salty as my tears of joy after I ate it. I will be back often!After trying out the three Italian store here, this is now my go to place for Italian supplies. I have people who comes in and buy their whole week of supplies, or may be they have a large family. Either way, hard to see someone spend a c-note if the food is not good. 
I particularly love their meat balls. Goes very well with their fresh pasta and home make sauce. The olive bar and anti-pasta bar are excellent. I am not a ravioli fan, but their ravioli is something to write home about. 
Only draw back is that it is a tiny place and it is always crowded. Luckily, people here are much less pushy then the other two places.  Everyone move around the olive bar and pick out what they want and wait for their turns at the cashier. All very pleasant. An extra star for the nice customers!As good as it gets! The pasta is fantastic. The owner is a real nice guy who gave us a free pound of pasta, after he realized we screwed up some pasta that we received in a gift basket. The rest of the staff are very nice too and very helpful.Talluto's is an small Italian deli-style place specializing in house-made pasta.  They also sell antipasti of various kinds, artisan breads and some packaged imported products. Everything here is very good.  However their mozzarella cheese is irreplaceable.  It's texture and taste is unlike any other in my experience.  It is firm, never mushy or grainy, and has a nearly buttery flavor.  It is a happy day when I have a container full to use in salad or place on pizza - and to just eat a few while I'm doing it.  
The roasted red peppers are great too.  Get some while you're there getting the mozzarella.I love this place. When my family came to visit me a few months ago, I came here for the first time to buy some fresh linguine and a new container of EVOO. I got a great deal on the olive oil; for a two-liter jug of Cento, I paid only $15. I don't think you can even get a container that large in the grocery store for that price.
The pasta was some of the best I've had. Their directions on how to make the pasta were easy to follow (which was necessary for me, since I've never cooked fresh pasta before), and my family was really impressed. Too bad I'm an honest person, or I would have taken the credit for making the pasta myself! I will definitely be back here, especially since it's just a few block from my apartment!We started some sauce early morning and left for the market. Fresh cut pasta to order, now really how can you top that, WAIT hand stretched mozzarella ok, HOLD ON I'm swimming in a mini sea of olives. I'm ready to set up a hot plate outside and offer boiling water and sauce.We came upon this place when we decided to go for a walk around Little Italy. My daughter and I fell in love with the place as soon as we realized that fresh pasta was made on the premises. We saw this girl cutting pasta through this machine by the window. That got us to go in! We bought pasta and sauce and loved it. We are now spoiled nd refused to buy boxed pasta! Will definitely return!PROS:
Wide range of delicious Italian goods including fresh and frozen pasta
Friendly and helpful service
CONS
Their prices are sky high. I bought 2 extremely small amounts of pasta (under 1 lb) and a tiny container of arrabiatta and spent $18!
The small container of sauce was at most enough for 2 people (and my husband barely uses any sauce...)
Overall it was a welcoming and pleasant experience but next time I will be sure to get a groupon in advance or target sale items!went there to try this place with a groupon and based on reviews......homerun.....fresh pasta great.....best meatballs I have had since mommy's meatballs.....Whenever I am in the area (1;15 minute drive each way), I will go there...................................................................MAMA MIA, STATA BOUNI drive over an hour to get to Talluto's. The pasta selection is very good, unique flavor combinations and always well stockes. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly despite the always crowded store.  We love the homemade burrata and black ink pasta.wow. this is where it is AT! we just cooked some of the frozen prepared beef tortellini with the frozen vodka sauce, and OMG. it is totally top restaurant quality. no joke.
i cannot wait to try the black lobster ravioli next!
the fresh spaghettini is also great! any trip to the italian market should include a stop at Talluto's. it's a must! Plus, you can find canned san marzano tomatoes here if you want to venture and make your own pasta sauces. 
but in light of how good this vodka sauce is, I'm not sure that I'm ever going to want anything else.Every time I visit, I get a strong urge to want to hug everyone in the store. I manage to control myself because I want to be allowed back in. Also, eating pieces of sharp provolone from the sample bowl relaxes me. This small gem of a place is one of the reasons Philly is my favorite US city.  As soon as you approach the store,  immediately from the exterior window you'll see an angel cutting the most amazing fresh pasta. I imagine this is the same pasta served in Heaven because it is divine. Less than $7 for a pound of this freshly made pasta. They usually have linguini, spaghetti and angel hair.  Some of the best pasta I've ever had outside of Sicily. Need I say more? No. But I will. The fresh raviolis are the best cheese raviolis you will ever have. I'll bet on it. The filling is so friggin good, I am destined to overeat whenever I get a dozen.  Talluto's also has other frozen pastas, sauces, and prepared Italian goodies. Words really cant describe how much I love this little shop. It's the heart of the Italian market. A true manufacturer of pure happiness.This market is awesome! I love their pastas. Their gnocchi is the best in any variety they have. I give it 4 stars because I felt their lasagna and tortellini were just ok.
Also try their homemade pasta sauces, they are great!We come here every time we are in South Philly.  The best part is the homemade pasta that is cut fresh at the counter when you order.  We get one pound of linguini and a container of the putenesca sauce   We really enjoyed the 50th celebration today.  Nicely done, plenty of food and wine.  Thank you for a nice day!!  Congratulations on 50 years in business.Very good though very basic Sicilian food. Delicious meatballs There are more interesting places to have Italian food in Philly but this was more than acceptable.The freshest of fresh pasta made and cut right in front of you. What more could you ever need? I also like to get the frozen gnocchi and ravioli. CHEERS.We enjoy Talluto's, particularly the cheese ravioli. But our latest experience was just bad. First of all, the employee was obviously very annoyed when I didn't tell her every type of fresh cut pasta at once. Sorry, I didn't know that's what the protocol was. No need to be snippy...I was the only person in the shop so it's not like I was holding up the huge line of people that frequent on weekends. Then, there was something very wrong with the whole wheat pasta...it tasted like straight up vinegar. I emailed to inquire...it was completely inedible so we had to throw it (and the meal we used it in) out. The responding woman ensured me she would look into the issue and get back to me ASAP. I never heard back. I followed up, never received a response. Very unfortunate that the customer service was subpar.They have a gorgeous Olive Bar and delicious fresh-made ravioli.  I need to compare yet to see if they are beter, worse or on par with Superior.  Service was attentive and pleassant.
Veal ravioli were 7.79 per pound.The only place I come for fresh pasta. They also have some awesome italian treats inside, a olive/ cold bar, cooking essentials etc.. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I try to get a different pasta everytime I come because all are favorites and there are so many options!After trying their Extra fancy gnocchi I am a huge fan, one of the best prepared pasta products I have had, hopefully the next time I'm in Philly I can manage a stop. This place should be on your Pasta List if you are a serious devotee of high quality pasta products.We got linguine for our clams and spaghetti - it comes with cooking directions and was very tasty.  Lots of varieties...sold in 1 lb increments.
$6.99 a pound.
Parking in Philly a problem.Amazing products and friendly, knowledgeable staff. My go-to spot whenever I am in the Italian Market.We've been getting our pasta here for years.
I never kept track of what's available fresh. I just know we always got our lasagna fresh for holidays and special occasions. They had a huge variety of frozen "fresh"/homemade gnocchi, cavatelli, ravioli, and stuffed shells. They told us they had the stuffed shells available fresh, but we weren't making them right away, so we got it frozen. 
We had their olives and "seafood salad" before. I think they might have roasted peppers, pepper shooters, etc., too, but we only ever come for pasta, so don't take my word for it. 
I don't bother with the cheese and meats because we go to DiBrunos (don't go to the knock off up the street), but I like coming here for pasta.It is true that their fresh pasta and fresh ricotta made a kick ass homemade lasagne.  
Minus 1 star for their frozen pumpkin ravioli.  It's kindof sweet and chalky. Their frozen eggplant parm was the worst I've ever had, seriously. It was a mushy, gloppy mess that didn't taste much like anything. I was so sad. 
It's got great ambiance, a cute little italian corner gourmet deli... But jeez louise, the stuff I got today was not so good. Stick with the fresh pasta!!!!Their cheese ravioli are the best I've ever had! They're worth every penny. So much so, that my boyfriend lives in Baltimore and many of the stores and restaurants there use their products. So delicious and full of creamy cheeseI was thrilled to see my local Giant (in Aston, PA) carried Talluto's frozen beef ravioli and I caved and bought a dozen (1 box) for $7.99.
They were so salty (570 mg of sodium per 4 rav serving) the filling was nearly inedible.  I ate the pasta (tender yet firm and so good) but de-filled them.
Sad.Best homemade pasta I've ever eaten!!!!
I purchased a pound of fresh cut angel hair, linguine & pappardelle and they all just melted in my mouth. I also purchased really good bread there too since Sarcone's was closed.
The women were very helpful & they had a delightful variety at their olive bar.
I always stop here when in the city & so should you! Best pasta you will ever eat!I have to contain myself every time I visit! The choice of fresh pasta is endless! The staff is warm and welcoming! I can't help but want to run around and hug everyone hello. When you can base your Italian family dinner on their menu it's got to be good!I love the Italian Market in Philly.  Some weekends I just come with a big cart and do all my grocery shopping for the week.  From meats, produce, eggs, pasta, there are so many great options.  One of the best stores in the whole street though is Talluto's.  Their frozen sauces are really delicious and so easy to keep on hand for a quick dinner.  My favorites are the Rosa (a blush sauce and a little sweeter than their vodka sauce), vodka, alfredo, and shallot.  The Alfredo I'm still not sure what kind of magic they do to not have the sauce separate when reheating, but it's really tasty.  My favorite is the creamy shallot sauce though.  This one is lick the spoon good.  They also have fresh cut pasta where you tell them the cut and they cut it as you wait a minute.  They also have really good quality grated cheese and Italian or French bread.  I always have some frozen Talluto's sauce in my freezer for a go to quick meal.  Their frozen manicotti are good too for a quick dinner.  Definitely check it out!My favorite is the cheese ravioli. It retains its form and doesn't easily falls apart.
The gnocchis are pretty good too. 
There are a lot of other frozen pasta to choose from. There are fresh pasta too being cut fresh for you. Look for their special price. 
They also have cheese and antipasti. The marinated artichoke is pretty good. Different kind of Italian bread are available.Because there is nothing like a homemade delicious meal, made with fresh filled pasta, shared with family and/or friends. (And sometimes alone.) 
Get your fresh ingredients from Talluto's, and prepare your meal. Nothing complex, just simple amazing food made with love. Does large, round cheese Ravioli sounds good to you?
Does large, round cheese Ravioli sound amazing? How about some Imported Grana Parmigiana Cheese? probably the made-in-house, fresh daily Burrata cheese will get your attention?
P.S: Look for a good deal on Groupon: $19 for $29 Worth of Fresh Pasta and Italian Food. Awesome! 
Seriously, Talluto's will give you 100% wholesome deliciousness.
Four and Half Yelps.