the ambiance is great, and the creative efforts in their dishes as well.  however, i'm vegetarian, and they didnt offer much on the menu.  both me and a friend asked for a vegetarian plate, and we ended up getting different things.  v. small portions of three different entrees on one plate.  we each only ended up eating one or two portions of our meal, still were hungry so ordered dessert.  desserts were fantastic, although more artistic than simple to eat.  it was extremely expensive for a small meal.  the non-veg stuff is supposed to be a bit better, but that doesnt really help me out...also they're drinks after hours seem to be weaker than normal...great lounge atmosphere - cant speak for the dinner experience, but i enjoyed having some appetizers and a drink in the lounge.  the decor is dark and cozy.  love the lighting and the curtains everywhere.  lots of seating too.  my cousin and i shared 3 plates of the meze appetizers - you can choose from the menu (1, 3, 5, or 7 plates).  we chose the calamari, tzatziki vegetables, and the goat cheese.  all were delicious!Came here for a group dinner. Ambiance was nice. Loved the candles on the wall. Service was great!
Family style dining. Loved the shrimp pil-pil, crunchy calamari, crispy striped bass, Grilled Fish Al Limone, Filet of Beef, Chicken Tangine, etc..
Drinks:
The Tangerine....it was okay. Not what I expected. 
Pomegranate Cosmo...delicious! I'd order it again. 
Reisling (I can't remember the year we got) but it was OMG! OMG! Loved it!great restaurant. romantic/theatrical atmosphere...sets the mood ; )  yummy food. middle eastern/moroccan cuisine w/ other influences. large portions. would deff return to when in the area.Overpriced mediocre food.  Okay service.  The atmosphere didn't jibe with me, but that's more subjective.The wall of candles is beautiful. where the whole restaurant seems lit with only candle like. Beautiful long drapes from the ceiling. The food is amazing. Would recommend the chopped med. salad and the pork chops. You can never go wrong with a Stephen Starr restaurant.i had 2 beers at this place, and the server didn't bring me my bill for 20 minutes so i left without paying.  great place to hang out though.Two stars may seem a bit harsh but I'm going to put it into perspective.
1. - The Food.
The food was good - but not great. And for $140 without alcoholic drinks [i.e., we don't drink], $140 is a bit steep for two people. We split an appetizer and each had an entree. While we thought the food was decent, in no way were either of us blown away and thought, "wow, we've got to come back here".
2. The Service
The service was really good. I have to say that. They were attentive and very helpful. No qualms with the service.
3. The Atmosphere
The place looks nice, that's for sure but we both found it difficult to have a simple conversation. It was quite loud - a combination of obtrusive techno music and loud chatter.
For the above reasons, Tangerine gets two stars. And no, I don't think we'll probably go back.Tangerine is Starr's take on Mediterranean food. Let me start by saying that most like this play much better than I do. Many would give it 5 stars. Like most Starr restaurants Tangerine has a fun list of cocktails to choose from. Tangerine's drink menu has mainly upscale martinis, which were very good. Dinner was a mixed plate with the chef fully utilizing mediterranean flavors in items like chickpea crepes, pistacchio/raisin bread, shrimp afrique, moroccan shrimp, and red ssnapper with red pepper sauce. These flavors carried over to dessert as well in a pistacchio ice cream. It's not that Tangerine wasn't good, but it was just a little too unidimensional for me. I didn't think the flavors meshed as well together as at some of the other Starr restaurants.a summary of my dinner at tangerine in december:
pluses
--cool atmosphere
--friendly waitstaff
--lobster risotto
--pomegranate porkchop (a little spicy but still delicious)
minuses
--calamari (i thought it was a bit heavy and seemed like it'd been sitting out for a while)
--low seats (i know it goes with the theme but i just found them annoying to sit on during a fancy dinner)
--majority of the crowd was over 40 (i expected a younger crowd)I went with a party of 14 or so on a week night. Not crowded, but our food did take an awful long time to be served. 
The food:  Incredibly hit or miss. The ceviche plate was great- perfect in taste and texture, but the calamari was so over fried that it tasted like only the oil it had been fried in- awful, and not eaten by anyone a the table. Everyone seemed to like the salads, except of course, the one with the calamari on it. Two dinner entrees were ordered- most others shared apps, but the entrees ordered got my friends approval. Some desserts were devoured in minutes while other sat on the table with just a bite in them.
Atmosphere: Ok. Dark, and lighted nicely. I get the impression that on a busy friday or saturday, the place wouldn't have been as cozy. The lounge tables up front were great- set low, and comfortable.
Drinks: Excellent, but of course, Olde City over-priced. 
I gave Tangerine only 3 stars, because of the hit-or-miss-ness of it. I think you could go in there and get lucky by ordering the good items off the menu, or be SOOL and order the tasteless, overpriced dishes. Matter of chance, I guess, or reading up on the place beforehand.Stunning atmosphere and decor -   velvet curtained walls, and strategically placed lighting make for a relaxing, warm environment.  The rich colors, candles and service are sumptuous.  The food was excellent as well.  The drinks were top notch  - particularly the signature Tangerine featuring tangerine puree and vanilla vodka - a zingy creamsicle!  I enjoyed the family style service and the food presentations.  The shrimp PilPil appetizer was tasy, but not memorable.   Both the Grilled Fish (sea bass) Al Limon  and the Chicken Tagine *were* memorable - very tasty, and sharp in flavors.  I'm a fan of all things citrus and crisp - so this restaurant delivered on all accounts!  The service was great - knowledgeable, and solicitous without being annoying.  To speak to previous comments -  unless you're an amazon I'm not sure why the low seating would be an issue - this is an ethnic inspired restaurant after all and if it was 100% authentic you would be sitting on the floor.Just popped into the lounge to hang and grab a drink. Nice decor and dimly lit with an open concept. Tiny tables with matching tiny sitting cushionboxes. Stiff vodka soda but $11 dollars. Maybe give the food a try next time.Often before visiting restaurants, I like to browse the dinner and wine menu online to get a feel for what I may enjoy later that evening.  While I was shocked by their general 500% markup (from retail) on wines, I expected to be thoroughly pleased by the food on the unique menu.
The food was good, no doubt, but all things must be considered when giving a review - Value, Service, Decor/Comfort etc.  
The consensus of our party of 6 was that the appetizers far outshone the entrees.  
The specialty drinks were good but at half the cost of the liquor bottle, they should be phenomenal.   
The seating was very low, which became uncomfortable later in the evening as everyone started stretching their legs out into the middle of the seating area.
The service was unobtrusive - no problem there - but any recommendation requests were always met with the most expensive option.  I can forgive that, my taste is often bigger than my wallet.
If you are looking for a nice dark place where you can impress your date with how much you are willing to spend, this is your place.  By the look of the crowd in there on a Saturday night, those people are becoming few and far between.I had dinner at Tangerine thurday night with work people.  I hate to give a average review but I must.  I was up and down from the table because I was closing on a house and we were in tight negotiations. So I was able to get a close look at the wall of candles.....they all stayed lit, despite my best efforts.
We had some sort of appetizer sampler. A number of different entrees.  The one that stood out was the pistacio encrusted duck breast.  Good God!  It was the bomb.  I would love to tell you more but we just got out bid.I went here in 2004 during an overnight trip.  I had the second best meal in my life here.  Beautiful, warm decor.  Excellent waitstaff.  Amazing food.  I haven't had a chance to return to Philly in the last few years but I'm planning on going in the fall - I hope to make it back to Tangerine.Great atmosphere, great decoration. Their cocktail lounge is pretty big... nice place to go on a fancy date. The lamb skewers weren't bad, though I wish it was a bit more tender. The red snapper was very tasty, and the apple galette was also a pretty good dessert... not too sweet for those who don't have a sweet tooth. The place is always packed, and I felt a bit rushed by our server once we were finished eating. I know they're trying to keep up with the business and all, but let us diners enjoy the environment for a bit!Pretty good. Same as most other reviews: Decent food and drinks, but a bit pricey for the quality. There are other cheaper places with just as good food. Decor is fantastic, however, and definitely would get 5 stars if there was a separate category. 
I had a pomegranate Cosmo, which was tasty, and my girlfriend got the sangria, which she liked very much. For food, we had: 
Appetizers 
Lobster risotto - 5 stars 
Chopped Mediterranean Salad - 5 stars 
Entrees: 
pan roasted fillet of beef (very rare) - 4 stars 
Pan seared tuna - 3 stars (not much flavor, no sauce accompanying it, cous cous was different, but average) 
Dessert 
Banana Creme Brulee - is 6 stars possible? definitely the highlight of the meal 
Our waitress was very nice and helpful, and never too far from the table. The bill came out o be $165 for 2 people, but $50 of that total was spent on drinks.  Overall 4 starsOur table of nine (all hard-to-impress foodies from NYC & SF) thoroughly enjoyed our meal there. Everyone is STILL talking about how good everything was. 
The atmosphere is gorgeous, cocktail lounge spacious, and service in dining room awesome. We raved about the chicken tangine, tuna tartar, arugula salad with manchego cheese, and the chickpea crepes. We ordered a bunch of food and split it all. They recommend everyone order their own entree but the portion sizes are large - so share and pace your ordering. 
This is my favorite Stephen Starr restaurant thus far. I plan to visit there again when I am in town and I highly recommend it to anyone who has not been!I spent my birthday dinner here.  It was exactly what I was looking for... stylish, exotic with some unique flavors.  Sexy ambience and good cocktails.  The chic-pea crepes with chicken, I still crave.  It tastes like my favorite dish Bestilla mixed with a French Crepe.  Great combination. For my entree, calories and cholesterol be damned, I went for the duck breast with foie gras, creamy onions and caramelized fruit.I went to Tangerine with a group of colleagues.  We had a reservation at 7:15pm, was a bit late, but was promptly seated on a Saturday night.  Like other reviewers said, it was dark.  My friend had to hold onto me so she wouldn't fall.
I ordered Duck Di Veneto and a glass of breadeaux.  I've had better breadeaux from a bottle that I got at the supermarket.  But it was okay when I drank it with the duck.  The bottom layer of the duck (my guess the dark portion) was better than the top (breast?).  Hey, it was VERY dark.  The polenta and the currant jus were both good.  The grilled radicchio was a bit sour for my taste.  
For dessert, I had the baklava with the kefir ice cream.  I had no idea what kafir was when I ordered the dessert.  The baklava itself was too sweet, but the kefir ice cream cut the sweetness off and was a good match.  There were strawberries on the side, which was also better when eaten with the kefir ice cream.
Overall it was a good experience.  But I probably won't be back there if I ever go back to Philadelphia.  There are other restaurants that I want to try.I hate giving restaurants just 1 star.  For some reason, I feel like they get offended or something, but to be honest, this place SUCKED.  I would not recommend it to my worst enemy.
I went during restaurant week of last year.  The menu was awful.  None of the items were on the main menu (and we all know what that means).  Also, when we told the waiter that we were there for restaurant week, he suddenly started treating us very rudelt.  Hey -- just cuz I don't wanna throw money at your estalishment doesn't mean I didn't bring a pocket full of cash for tip!!  Just to that you know, he got BARELY ANY.  *hmph*
But here's the kicker -- we ended up ordering off of the regular menu.  We got 2 appetizers and 2 entrees, which I think is a respectable amount.  Our waiter still treated us like crap ... I guess the attitude wasn't just for the restaurant week people.  The food was mediocre.  I don't have anything to recommend.  I would, however, recommend AGAINST the whole fish. They make it seem all fancy when they bring it out and show you the fish before cooking it so that you would *approve* of it.  But when it comes out cooked, there NO flavor, NO sauce to dip it in, and NO meat.  I swear the fish shrunk like 1/2 it's size from before to after cooking.  
This place was so disappointing and I will NEVER go back.This end of Market Street (Olde City) has some great spots, so if you're looking to check out a few different places, this is a good area to do so.
Do NOT bring your aging friends or relatives here without offering a hand to hold - this place is so dark inside that someone is liable to fall and break a hip.  Seriously seriously dark - especially if you're coming in while it's still light outside.
That said, the space is also seriously seriously sexy.  Candles everywhere, sumptuous fabrics (burnout velvet curtains), dark sleek walls (a burnished plaster treatment), Moroccan lanterns, wall niches with more candles. . .this place has a really great vibe.
The food was good, but don't expect authentic Moroccan, and beware the salt factor - the salad I had was so salty I couldn't eat it, and I LOVE salt.
I had a private event in the room way in the back and it was great; all the food comes out family style so nervous or picky guests have a chance to try a bit of everything or stick to what they know.  Beware the giant post in the center if you're having a presentation, but it seemed to work out fine and the room was gorgeous.  Of the four apps we had (smoked mozzarella boregi, shortrib spanikopita, arugula salad, crunchy calamari) - the spanikopita was the big hit at my table at least.
For entrees we had bronzino, rosemary seared sirloin, chicken tagine, crispy bass and 7 veggie cous cous.  I'd skip the bronzino if I were you.  The sirloin was good, tasted nothing of rosemary and was very very raw (okay by me, maybe not by everyone).  My favorite dish was the bass which is odd since I'm not a huge fish lover, but the mushroom-butternut farrotto that it came with was a wonderful compliment to the fish.  The tagine was okay - with green olives and preserved lemon, but I'm a bit more partial to the sweeter Moroccan tagines as that's what I'm used to I suppose.
Dessert was a ridiculous spread of a vanilla bean creme brulee with caramelized bananas, some brownie kind of thing with a crunchy crust and whipped cream, a lemon cake, sorbet and some grapes.  The sorbet was alright, but could've just been because my mouth was already coated in the decadence-ness of everything else.
The service was fantastic and I would absolutely recommend it for a private event - helpful hint: the minimums are much lower if you aren't aiming for a Friday or Saturday night.  I got all of the food mentioned above for a great per person price.I've never eaten here but I did come here for New Year's Eve last year. It was a great experience. Their drinks were great and the ambience of the place is fantastic. I'd love to go back to try the foodI really enjoyed the food and service at Tangerine. I had the octopus salad as an appetizer and the pork chop with pomegranate sauce for dinner. Both were delicious. In spite of the quality meal, I still felt like the place was overpriced... but I guess that's to be expected for a Starr restaurant in Old City. The biggest blow to my wallet came from the alcohol. What should have been a $15 bottle of wine was $50! The décor at Tangerine is also starting to show wear, which may sound petty, but part of the reason you pay $300 for a night out is for the 'experience. This was marred (albeit slightly) by frayed upholstery and burnt out light bulbs... kind of janky. There are certainly better restaurants to go in this price range.I have been coming here to hang out in the lounge and drink their tasty cocktails on a regular basis for a couple years now.  The Tangerine had been my favorite cocktail in town until recently when I tried the mango martini from Karma and it blew it Tangerine away.
Amazingly, I had never gone beyond the lounge to actually eat at Tangerine.  I love the decor and overall ambiance of this place, its really kind of cozy and mysterious and romantic all at once.  Seems like a great date place.
I finally got my chance to have dinner there last night, and I was so looking forward to it.  I left unimpressed with the food however.
To start I ordered the crab & feta phyllo.  The crab used in this appetizer was excellent.  Unfortunately I had a hard time tasting it over the Greek slaw that was paired with it.  I felt it was overpowering and a bit too sweet.  Little did I know this was to be the best part of my dinner outside of dessert.
I also had the arugula salad -- I really wanted the Mediterranean salad, but was not in the mood for shrimp at all.  In retrospect, I should have just gotten the Mediterranean salad.  Sure, arugula is not the mot exicting thing ever to begin with, but this salad was totally bland.  Generally when I order a simple dish at a Starr restaurant I both expect and receive something that could have been simple but has been put together in an inventive and stand-out way.  This was not  the case with this salad.  It wasn't bad, but it was certainly forgettable.
For my entree I ordered the pistachio crusted duck breast.  It was paired with creamy onions, seared foie gras and caramelized fruit.  The duck breast I have no complaints about.  It was very good.  Not spectacular but very good.  I really enjoyed it with the creamy onions.  I've never eaten onions prepared in such a way before, but I would love to again.  Now...the seared foie gras.  Let me start off by saying I am in no way a foie gras connoisseur, but I thought this was terrible.  Not so much the foie gras itself, but the way in which it was prepared - seared - was really not good.  When I took a bite all I experienced as the overwhelming taste of something that had been far too charred.  All I tasted was char.  I tried in vain to pair it with the caramelized fruit, in hopes that that would counter balance the char, but no, the char still held on strong and conquered any taste the fruit may have added.
For dessert I had something which I have forgotten the name of, but was deep-fried dough covered in sugar, sided with 2 dips, the berry one in particular I loved.  These were SO GOOD!  Simple, but for a sugary pastry fiend like myself, total heaven.  I think I received about 8 of these dough balls, and immediately I said I wouldn't be able to finish them all, but before I knew it I had inhaled each and every one.  Delicious.
Service was so-so.  It was a Thursday night, and I felt like they were kind of rushing, especially towards the end of the meal.
While I was underwhelmed with my meal there, I still highly highly recommend Tangerine's lounge.  The drinks are fantastic, the ambiance is very cool and the music is quiet enough that you don't have to strain to carry on a conversation.  Doubtless I'll be back for drinking & lounging - but another meal is highly doubtful.Um... I use to love this trendy spot!! what happened and where did they go??? Did they move somewhere else? The energy in this place was amazing and artistic and the food was just different when I was there. And Cafe Spice in Old city is gone too. Was I gone from Philly that long? :-(CLOSED!!!
The only good thing about this place was the decor and the martinis at the bar.  Hopefully Starr will stick to his word and revamp the place for the fall so it's not so pricey!!!tuna tar tar is great for a starter. awesome decor. great service - everyone was very friendly. over all, not into large restaurants...good if you want to impress a first date fo' sho'.I've been to Tangerine several times, and have always had a great meal.  The service has always been very good, with friendly waitstaff, hosts, and even the bouncer!  Their Tangerine Martini is awesome - tastes like an Orange Julius. It has a great atmosphere (love the wall of candles), and the lounge area is very cool and comfy - we've often gone just to have a cocktail.This is my favorite of the Starr restaurants. Ambiance is gorgeous with a wall of candles, dimly lit rooms draped in fabrics and low banquettes against the wall.  We started with diver scallops which were perfectly cooked, sweet and spicy, and then the grilled octopus salad.  I loved this dish. It was delicate and perfectly cooked - not rubbery at all. My meal was the lemon and olive oil seared tuna and my husband had the lamb chops. Both were delicious. We had glasses of wine that paired well and our server was perfect - we never noticed him unless we needed him. Very sexy and romantic vibe.Ambiance alone gets me, but the service is phenomenal.  You are so taken care of...it's beautiful in there, albeit HOT.  But I'm usually above average temperature wise so I let it go ...and it might be vodka's fault.
I wish they re-opened this again for rando evening drinks...I can't believe they weren't making enough on that alone.  The dining room was always packed.Oh Stephen Starr how I love thee, let me count the ways...
The ambiance of this place is peaceful. Upon entering the bar area makes you just want to stay and drink the night away
Your appetizers....oh how the crunchy calamari ignites my taste buds and makes me crave for more seafood. Just the perfect blending of bread and the freshness of the calamari that makes the dish screams "eat me". The tuna tartare is the right texture, with just the correct amount of seasoning to not over power the taste of the tuna. Their main dishes, enjoyable (but not worth the price)! Tangerine is the god-father of fusion and this is the place to go if you want to dip your toes (or in this case) tongue in multiple melting pots. 
The decor in this restaurant is chic, and extremely trendy. I love the dimness of place, the ambiance is relaxing, and romantic. Perfect date spot. Service divine (at least for the dozen or so times that I've been there) but can be improved for the prices of these dishes! 
Not interested in dinner? The bar area is very uptown, very sex and the city. When you're coming here for dinner, come early, come drink, come soak in the love affair of the modern world of Stephen Starr. Like my fellow yelpers, I would recommend eating dinner elsewhere, and coming to Tangerine for drinks!It's hard to give Starr's restaurants a rating, because, well, they're all impressive. But then, for the money, they better be.
I went to Tangerine for restaurant week; it was my first and only time in the joint. Admittedly, you don't get the same culinary experience from a place when you're ordering from the limited Restaurant Week menu as you would if you had the change to order the restaurant's best. But at any rate, the meal was average.
To start I had a seafood empanada, and my entree was a piece of salmon on a bed of orzo and feta. And while I thought that all the Mediterranean flavors came to together beautifully in both dishes, I also didn't feel like the result was terribly novel -- and, maybe I'm expecting too much, but I always thought Starr's restaurants were supposed to be truly one-of-a-kind. I'd call my meal "very good Mediterranean fusion." But I've had a lot of very good Mediterranean fusion.
But Tangerine surely gets credit for vibe -- the interior might make it the hippest Starr joint I've visited. I liked the Roman style pillars in the same room as the Moroccan style fabrics.This is my favorive resturaunt in Philadelphia. The atmosphere is awesome. They have a bunch of little coves in the walls and a candle in each one. The food was outstanding, I got sea bass. It is a bit pricey roughly $100 a person with entree, desert and wine. I would go back.tangerine is great for a slow winter saturday night drink out with your sweetie, mainly for the fabulous window seats. $30 a round isn't cheap but sometimes you just gotta do it. eat dinner at home then take a seat in the cozy window with your yummy quality delicious $15 drink.  
warning! if you see your drunk friends from college out the window, wandering by for the 3rd time, dont wave!  they will see you looking all cozy and warm, come in, flirt with your waitress, and order the fruit that comes in the drinks when they learn tangerine does not have fries. at least that's what happened to us. and believe it or not the waitress was game enough to bring out some fruit! NO LIE.Taken by a local friend while we were visiting Phili & it surely it's a nice expereince, I like everything about Tangerine-The food, the decor, the staff, the price, EVERYTHING!
If you're looking for some French/Moroccan/Greek-fusion type of seafood & steak, you won't disappoint it with Tangerine at Phili!I finally made it to Tangerine. It took me a while, and I went there with high expectations. The start, then, was a bit rocky.
I booked a table  for 2 through Open Table at 6:30 because they said they didn't have another open spot until 9PM. I knew I'd be too hungry by then. When we arrived, the restaurant wasn't even close to half full. But guess what? They paraded us through the main dining room, past the servers' station, down a dark warren, and into the "private dining room." Well, the private dining room is a wasteland for people who were suckers enough to use Open Table. The room itself was fine, but there was only one other couple in there, no music, no ambiance, and no pillows. I came for the pillows. So, I asked to be moved. (Kinda demanded it, if the truth be told.) They accommodated us.
After the bad start, we ended up at a good table next to Joe Pesci's doppelganger and 9 other people who had to listen to him and his amped up delivery for the entirety of their dinner. (And mine, too.) So, we've been moved, sit next to the Joe Pesci from Lethal Weapon 2, and there are candles on the wall. Bring on the food.
The food rescued the evening. It was just unusual enough to be great. I had the oysters and sashimi appetizer along with the crispy sea bass. Really, really tasty. And the sauces they used were amazing -- kinda spicy, kinda bitter, and all around super. And the desserts were perfectly sized and tasty. Our waitress was really good -- she poured the wine and got our orders expedited like a real pro.
I'd go to Tangerine again. I'd like to start out on a better note from the beginning. (Anyone else have that catch-as-catch-can nervousness about Open Table reservations?) I really liked the food, and think it would be a fun place to go with a group of 6 or 8. I was expecting more, and more pillows, so I'll go with a 3 for now. I liked the food and the hundreds of candles flickering in the wall -- it's just that diss about the "private dining room" that really threw me.the food was phenomenal.  shrimp app, mmm-mmm good!  and drinks are tasty.I came here for restaurant week with my friend about a month ago.
Since this is a Stephan Starr restaurant, I was expecting something REALLY, REALLY, RIDICULOUSLY GOOD but it was just a little bit better than average.  
When I first walked in, it was insanely dark, the only light sources came from  candles.  So the hostess led us through the place, which albeit dark, was beautiful.  High ceilings, flowing drapes, a wall of just candles....so all that good stuff.  And then we sat down and I just remember thinking all through out dinner that the seat was ridiculously low and far from the table...
Anyways, onto the food.  So we ordered things from the prefix menu and then got a separate (platter) appetizer.  We go the half sized one and it was HUGE.  It took us about an hour and a half to finish the entire thing, I kid you not.  There were a couple of good things on the platter like the hummus and cheese and meat, but everything else wasn't that great.  The not so great things you can probably get it somewhere else for much cheaper.
And then we went onto our prefix appetizers - options that I don't think they serve on a regular basis.  Those appetizers were alright but got bland real fast.  Same for the entree and for the dessert.  The food just wasn't amazing.
3.5 stars really for attentive service and decorGREAT! FABULOUS! AMAZING! I was hooked on this place from the first time I went there for dinner with friends. My absolute favorite dish is their Filo stuff with crab meat and feta cheese - it just melts in your mouth!I can't get a date, but if I could I would take her to Tangerine for drinks.  It's got everything one (I) would need to aid a guy's (my) chances of getting a girl to like him (me): low lighting, expensive and strong martinis, cozy booths and privacy.  I enjoy the $10 liquid creamsicle, commonly referred to as the Tangerine Martini which is made with fresh tangerine puree. The setting is created by faux candles above your head which casts the lighting here as soft, and mostly orange (I'm sure the interior designer would call it tangerine).  In fact the entire restaurant/lounge could best be described as earth toned.  The quiet booths are a great place to have a quiet conversation and the window seats which look out on to Market St. are wonderful for people watching.   Tangerine is great place to lounge, and take a date...if you can get one.Altough I have been here a few times for splurgy cocktials, I have only eaten here once over four years ago.  Despite the long-time last since my last visit, the divine taste of the gnocchi is still on my mind.  I also remember enjoying my lamb dish thoroughly.  The ambiance is first rate and reminds me of many high-end bars in London.  The only downside is that it's opresseviely expensive.  Be sure to go here when someone else is paying!I had a wonderful experience at Tangerine, so I'm a bit surprised at some of the low reviews.  I've been to a few Stephen Starr restaurants, with mixed experiences, but at Tangerine, I truly had a incredible meal with delicious drinks.  The service was top-notch.  My group was treated extremely well by polite staff who made sure our every need was met.  I was even addressed by name and not as sir.
We had reservations for 8:15pm, for which we arrived early to have drinks in the lounge.  I had The Roman (love ginger), which was awesome.  Expertly mixed.  No one ingredient overpowered the drink.  The manager himself came to inform us that our table was ready.  Atmosphere was very relaxed and soothing.  Loved the wall of candles.  Our waiter, aside from being very cute, was excellent.  Attentive, without being overbearing.  He was very patient, taking the time to explain the menu and answer our questions.  I ordered the prix fixe dinner, from which I chose arugula and grapefruit salad, alaskan halibut, and apple streusel tart.  For $39, I couldn't pass it up.  From restaurant week experiences, I was a bit hesitant to go with it, but the alaskan halibut was also a dinner special for the night and it came recommended by the waiter.  I was not disappointed in any of my choices, as it was all prepared and presented to perfection.  I had another Roman martini too, and it was better than the one from the lounge.  It makes sense to put your best bartender at the dining room bar.
For three people, the bill was around $200, which includes drinks and food.  With gratuity, my portion of the bill was $75.  Not quite in the grad student budget, but well worth it.
Maybe Tangerine is hit or miss, since reviews here are all over the spectrum, but I would certainly come back again and would recommend it to others.I've been to Tangerine on two occasions to hang out in the front lounge for a drink or two. The atmosphere is what you'd come to expect from a ST place. The lounge is candle lit, with couches, and pillows. If you aren't in the mood for a big night out but want some great entertainment try to get a window seat at the front and sip a beer and just people watch the Old City crowd. Watching the Club 27 crowd walk past is enough for some good jeers. I only give it 4 stars because their martini didn't live up to Continental.We took our friend out for dinner for her bachelorette. AIl I remember is the creme banana brulee!! It was sooo good I came home and researched for a recipe online!!IVery trendy and tourists love this place.
But it actually has some great food and isn't all talk. Walls are lined with votives and there are tons of great tables in great locations. However, you'll probably want to set on the window seats in the front. These are perfectly lounge areas to grab one of their awesome mixed drinks and people watch on your cushions.
Expect creative dishes such as lavender creme brulee.I read the reviews below and felt that some perspective is in order.  
First, I do agree - there are many restaurants that could outdo Tangerine when it comes to the food.  Having said that, one shouldn't think that Tangerine isn't about good food - on the contrary - their food is very good.
Second, Steven Starr has tried to recreate the atmosphere in a traditional middle eastern eating house - something you don't see much of anymore in the Middle East, much less in the west.  The dark interior with the decor successfully recreates the atmosphere that you would experience in one of these places.
The combination of great food and atmosphere makes for a great dining experience.  The biggest item that's missing is that aroma.  In traditional middle eastern kitchens and restaurants, the whole place will have fragrant aroma of the food, which is part and parcel of the atmosphere.  That isn't the case here.
However, Tangerine successfully takes the tagine from Morocco, and their Chicken Tagine is very tasty.  Their wine selection is good.  Their prices are Steven Starr prices - a bit on the pricey.
All in all, I give it 4 starts because it comes together very very well.went here with my husband for their new year's prix fixe- so we didn't get to choose our meals from a menu but rather had a sampling of a couple different things. Some I liked, some not so much, but that's more just me (i'm not a huge red meat eater so the filet didn't really grab me, but my husband loves meat and even he wasn't completely impressed by it) the one dish we were both impressed by was a lamb dish.
i can't remember what the actual dishes we had were to be more specific, but since it was a holiday meal it's unlikely that they'd be seen on a menu so it probably doesn't matter anyway.
one thing we can agree on is that the drinks and decor were outstanding. nice candlelight atmosphere. very much a starr restaurant so if you've ever been to any of his restaurants you can probably imagine the scene- just replace cuban/asian/mexican/etc. with moroccan and you're setA close gal-pal of mine and I both tried Tangerine for dinner for the very first time last night.  We arrived for our (early) 5:30 PM reservation just as they were opening and thus, were the only people there.
The interior is very dark/dim/romantic and GORGEOUS.  The right hand wall is completely votive-lit in small arch-shaped alcoves.
The low leather chairs were very comfy - but we are both short, petiit women - not sure if a big guy would feeel the same.
We started with non-alcoholic drinks at the bar area (iced tea and Limonata).  The custom drink menu looked great - but we were driving.
Then off to our table for dinner.
We split the YUMMY arugula salad with tasty candied almonds.
Then she (vegetarian) custom ordered a $22 veggie/side dish plate and I had the Kobe beef appetizer in lieu of a full entree ($16).  My friends fava beans and kale "casserole" were delicious. She did not like the farro much.  My app was great - but not light.  It came with a rich parmesan crema - so good you could lick the plate.
We shared 2 desserts.  As mentioned by others - DON'T MISS THE CREME BRULEE.  Ours was banana  and was accompanied by 3 house-made 'Nilla-style wafers.
We also got the Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate trio which was not realy that great. The mouse cake was cold and very dense, the Napoleon had delectable house-made ice cream (choloate of course) and there was a torte-of-sorts with a delicous fresh whipped cream blob on top.
Meanwhile with tax and tip our bill (no alcohol - remember) was $95.  OUCH.
Thus 4 stars.  It is great - but simply not a 5 star value.
This is a good place for a guy to take a girl to impress her. She may still not like you after the meal, but she'll have had a good time.
Oh - and it's $17 to valet park your car.  (My friend drove - I walked.)
Service was excellent.  (But it was early and we were the only guests until about 6 when a few LARGE party groups came in.)
Also -if I ever go back - I will go for cocktails "mezze" and dessert only.  The desserts are really worth it. That creme brulee is one of the best I've tried - complete with black specs of vanilla bean at the bottom, cold cream and a hot crackling sugar crust encasing the paper thin banana slices.
Kudos to the pastry chef!!!!After attempting to get a reservation at Alma De Cuba to no avail yesterday, we ended up picking another Starr restaurant Tangerine for dinner. I'd already been to Buddakan so wanted to try something different. The menu looked great online and the restaurant looked really beautiful so I made a reservation before I even checked reviews online. Good thing I did because the reviews I found weren't very good. Would never have gone if I had read the reviews.
We got there right on time for our 7pm reservation. Found an open unattended parking lot around the corner. Once you open the door to the restaurant and walk in, its like you are transformed to another place far away from Philly. It's kind of like you're in a fancy Moroccan club (not that I've been to Morocco or to any Moroccan club, though where were the belly dancers?) Lots of bright orange colors, lots of candles on the wall. I would not like to be the guy lighting those candles every night. It really is a beautiful space. My only gripe with the decor is how low the tables are. I'm not tall and I had to cross my legs a little. I think its an attempt to recreate the effect of mattresses in restaurants in that part of the world.
Our waiter suggested that we share the food. I love that idea. You get to try so many things without committing fully to any one particular thing. Perfect. There were 4 of us and we ended up ordering 4 appetizers and 4 entrees. So here's what we had.
Appetizers:
Crunchy calamari - worst dish of the night. Oily, salty, too much batter. Apart from that it was fine.
Shortrib spanikopita - excellent, amazing.
Meze - selection of stuff including houmous, babaganoush, olives, chick peas, feta, parmesan and manchego cheeses. Excellent
Grilled Kobe Sirloin - very good, tender, tasty
Entrees:
Crispy stripped bass - very good, nice moist fish with a refreshing fennel sauce.
Shrimp and scallops with romesco green onions - very good. The scallops were huge and perfectly cooked.
Chicken tagine - nice flavor, though cous cous was a little overdone and dish was slightly salty.
Rosemary seared sirloin - very tasty. Was a little surprised that rosemary went so well with the sirloin, but a very good dish.
We ordered way too much food. Should have gone with 3 appetizers and 3 entrees. But what the heck, we ended up taking a doggy bag home.
We skipped desserts. The wine by the glass list is a little short, though the Prosecco was very good and the pomergranate cosmo was well worth drinking. Service was a little on the slow side from or waiter, but I think he was covering too many tables.
Overall, a restaurant I would return to. Would love to go in summer, and just drink and eat a bunch of appetizers, particularly the short ri. I love good short rib.
www.foodielifestyle.comIt had been a while since we had eaten here so boy was I surprised to find out that Saturday night was the last service here. Gone are the great cocktails, homemade charcuterie, and the great Moroccan vibe.Some friends and I ate at Tangerine tonight - we loved it!  Everyone was friendly, from the hostesses to our waiter, Ignacio (his accent was sooo sexy).  To me, customer service is key, and some of these restaurants in Olde City and Center City can be pretty snooty (for no real reason, if you ask me).  They started us off with bread, which is just ok, but the oil with ground pieces of olive that they give you to dip it in is so good! First, we ordered the Chopped Mediterranean Salad which was absolutely delicious - it had feta cheese, artichoke and these perfect little shrimp.  For my entree I ordered the Seared Duck Di Veneto, which was also very tasty. It was my first time having duck, but I thoroughly enjoyed it, I'll have to add it to my repertoire. I didn't care for the grilled radicchio , but I just pushed that to the side. For dessert (yeah, we THREW DOWN) we split the 7 Layer Chocolate Cake, which came with a scoop of banana ice cream.  The food was pricey, but very tasty, and I didn't mind spending more for good food and service.  OH, the decor was fab too!  They have this wall, that is full of holes, and in the holes are small candles - it's just so pretty!Baby & I hit up tangerine last night, we arrived late and settled into the gorgeous (and large!) dining room. The bar was packed, dark, and sexy. The dining room is very luxuriously decorated.
We were quite ready for a fantastic experience. I started with a tangerine martini and he a mint tea martini - both scrumptious although a bit sweet for our tastes in martinis. We asked the server for assistance with wines, as we wanted to try something spanish and were unfamiliar with the list. We like big, full bodied, jammy and spicy wines - he recommended a $120 bottle! Quite on the high end of the spectrum. I was suprised, as most servers recommend something in the moderate price range of the menu, or provide a range of recommendations. We settled on something in the $70 range but sacrificed some spicyness.
For apps we shared the vegetarian meze and he had the sashimi. This was the best part of the whole meal. 
My major complaint - is that for a restaurant that is advertised as mediterranean, they had absolutely NO vegetarian options on the menu as printed. The server modified the meze to remove the cut meats and prepared a surprise veggie plate for my dinner.
I can't complain too much about the veggie plate, because I never specified that I'd rather NOT have a plate of fried foods - but was so suprised and disappointed that a veggie plate served in a mediterranean restaurant would consist of ONLY fried foods! Bleck. I ate half the fried polenta, but left with nothing but an old grease taste in my mouth. Ick.
I wouldn't go back and I certainly wouldn't pay those prices for such an extremely disappointing meal despite the gorgeous and sexy interior. I might visit the bar for pre- or post-dinner drinks though.I think I get Stephen Starr now. When I moved here I was under the impression his restaurants were the best in Philly. But now I realize they're maybe the best looking, but the food is definitely not top priority.
I came here as a guest for a work party. The food was served family-style, so I got to try a lot of dishes.
The best thing was the Meze Tasting dish. If I ever get dragged here again, that's my safety net. It is like a Mediterranean antipasto- meats, cheeses, hummus, pita, grilled peppers.  
I also liked the arugula salad. The rest of the menu was forgettable. Overall it was just okay. The servers were a bit frantic. The interior is beautiful, of course.
Good for a drink and a snack, but that's about it.I'll probably say things that others have said before me, but hey...nothing's wrong with backup.
I invited my posse to fill the 4 other seats I reserved at Tangerine for Restaurant Week.  I picked it because 
1) Opentable.com ranks them $$$$ on the price scale, so I knew we'd be getting a good deal with the $35 prix-fixe menu.
2) I've been wanting to try a variety of the Stephen Starr restaurants.
3) The menu looked good, although I didn't know what would be featured on the RW menu.
4) I had heard great things about the decor (from Yelpers, thank you very much).
Now for my experience.  Upon walking into the restaurant, I had to stop and allow my eyes to adjust to the moody lighting, which was, besides moody, incredibly sexy.  I had my boyfriend in tow, and while we sipped (delicious) drinks in the cushy low seats of the lounge, I secretly hoped the others our party would cancel so that he and I could have a romantic evening.  (No dice; they showed, which was fine.)
The lounge and the drinks are where the majority of the stars in this review come into play.  If I go back, it will be for drinks only.  Okay, and maybe dessert because my dessert (chocolate cake with almond paste and vanilla ice cream) was off the chain and an amazing rebuttal to an entirely mediocre entree.This place was really good when I was there. I liked the exotic food and loved the menu... well it is a Starr! I don't know if they are or will be open much longer. They had a sign on the door for private party's to call for reservations? I hate to see a grate place like this go.My wife and I really enjoyed the atmosphere.  We went for a date night.  Dimly light but vibrantly colorful.  Definitely a romantic restaurant.  My wife had amazing fish, but we definitely would advise to steer clear of the Octopus Salad.  Our complete meal wasn't out-of-this world, but the whole experience is definitely worth repeating.Tangerine is definitely one of those restaurants one should head to if you're looking for a great "experience." The restaurant is gorgeous, with its candles and fancy curtains and so on. The food is good, but nothing remarkable. The complimentary appetizer is delicious and the rest of the food is decent but overpriced. The cocktails are great, the "tangerine" cocktail is a must try! on the expensive side but definitely worth it as a treat!Had a great meal here. The seared scallops were excellent apps. The Pork and the Sirloin were very good meals. Only complaint was that the Short Rib Spanikopita had too much Feta. Oherwise a great experience.Stephen Starr continues to impress me.
Tangerine is a gorgeous restaurant - truly, truly gorgeous. The interior is dark, sexy and romantic, with a bar area to the front and the main dining area in the back of the restaurant. There are candles everywhere, which really plays up the sexy vibe you feel the moment you enter. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday weekend surprise celebration, AFTER we had already enjoyed a wonderful lunch at another Starr enterprise Alma de Cuba. 
Our waiter was probably the best one I've had in a very long time; he was very friendly and attentive, and KNEW HIS STUFF. I must have asked him to describe 5 different dishes, which he was able to do in a heartbeat, including details and without referring to notes. 
We both started with cocktails: he had their Peach Sangria (too sweet for me, but I'm not a white wine sangria kind of gal), and I had their Pomegranate Cosmopolitan. One word: YUMMY. It tasted amazingly good, and was stronger than I thought because I didn't need another one ;)
Unfortunately, we weren't very hungry because of our large lunch, so we shared two appetizers and an entree. I love mediterranean cuisine, and expressly because not only does it feature SEAFOOD (my fav), but it also presents it simply to bring out the flavor of the fish if done well - AND IT WAS DONE WELL.
Our appetizers were the grilled calamari salad with chopped cucumber, tomatoes, mint and pita croutons with an olive vinagrette, and a special seared Sakai salmon served over roasted eggplant with lebne. The calamari was cooked perfectly, it was tender and NOT rubbery, however the salmon stole the show. I dislike salmon, but this type was DELICIOUS, and the lebne complemented it perfectly! As an entree, we shared the crispy striped bass with white gazpacho (cucumber) and farro salad, simply done with extraordinary flavors. I've never had farro with such a complex taste. 
Unfortunately, we did not have time for dessert since we had a show to catch, but I've decided that Tangerine is my current obsession - especially for those sinful cocktails. A perfect place to take a date.Wow thats Crazy I wanted to go for our 7th Anniversary this Friday : ( I know I had one of the best NY Strips ever from there!My expectations were high for this place, and I want to to give it four stars for the ambiance, but had to give it three for the food.  
I absolutely love the decor of this place, so trendy!  It has a great lounge area with comfy couches and pillows.  The ambiance of this place makes this restaurant.   For the food, well I cannot say the same.  
We started off with the tuna tartare- which was very good, and I was expecting our entrees to be the same.  I had the bronzino and my fiance had the seared tuna.  Both dishes were ok, but nothing to rave about.   The taste of both dishes just did not satisfy my taste buds, and I really wanted to like it.  
Overall, although the food was average, we really enjoyed the atmosphere.  I think the food is overpriced.  I would come here again for drinks and appetizers, but not for dinner.I went here for restaurant week one night and that was great, everything was delicious! and once again with a huge party for my graduation.  The space is great, its very elegant.  For me, the appetizers are the best part.  I wouldn't recommend the branzino dish, but everything else was okay.  It is a good stephen starr experience, but I thought some of the dishes could have been better  Its hard to be specific and say what was missing, but it didn't leave you craving more I guess and most people in my party agreed.Went for my girlfriend's birthday last year.  First, let me say that the decor is amazing, in my opinion.  Candles everywhere.  One of the hippest and most tastefully decorated restaurants I've been to in the city.  
Our server was amazing.  She promptly took our wine order and then came back for drinks and appetizers.  She notified us that the wine would take a bit to be brought up.  Our first bottle of Chat-du-Pape was corked and they took it back without a fuss and brought us another bottle.
Our appetizers were average.  Crudo was too heavily seasoned and lost the flavor of the fish.  Portions were medium sized.  
Entrees were totally hit and miss.  Grilled whole fish was excellent.  Chicken tagine was ultra-salty.  Crusted sea bass was a bit bland.
Chocolate tasting dessert was neat to look at if executed poorly.  In fact that sort of sums up this place: Beautiful aesthetically but food execution is not up to snuff.This Tangerine is most certainly not a living reflection of a dream.  
I've been to a couple Starr places, and the theme that comes from them (Continental, Jones, and now Tangerine) is that the focus is definitely on the decor, rather than the food.  That's more palatable at a lower priced joint like Jones, but when you're shelling out more, it kind of gets to you.  
Bottom line is that the place is cool, the service is average, and the food is a bit below average for the price.As you enter Tangerine you get the feeling that you're either entering a nightclub or being transported to Morocco.
I started with a Roman cocktail and was debating whether I would ask them to remove the basil, because that just seemed weird to me.  The waitress recommended that I trust her and keep it and if I didn't like it, I could get something else to drink.  Well of course she was right, it was delicious!  I had two of them.
As we moved on to the entrees, I ordered the duck another friend ordered the shrimp & scallops and the third dish was the rosemary sirloin.
The duck was the winner at the table!  It was seared just right, and was tender and delicious.  The sirlion dish just couldn't compete with the other two dishes and was our least favorite.
Service was great and the drinks, food and decor was also great.  The only drawback was that I felt as if we were sitting in kids chairs becuase they are so low.  All in all, I would return for another great meal.Terrific meal, good service, very avante-garde decor makes it fun.
4 of us dined, and we took our server's advice to order everything to share...good choice!  Halibut dish was especially wonderful, and the appetizer assortment of cheeses, hummus, babaganoush, etc was great.
Very expensive so not a weekly visit for most of us...If decor is important to you in a restaurant, this is your place. If food is important to you in a restaurant, there are others that are better. It's as simple as that.
Initially the service was impolite.  We waited about an hour for our table and the hostess did not make it any easier. But all was not lost. Our server understood we had been waiting a long time and sent out an appetizer of mussels on the house. The rest of our food was so so.  The important thing to note is that the drinks were done exceptionally well...
But someone spent a heck of a lot of money on the decor and probably a thousand candles...which is undoubtedly part of your high tab.I was actually pleasantly surprised. I've been to a few Starr restaurants, and this one was pleasantly dark to the eyes with little candles in the entryway; a bar as you came in where young socialites hang out, and seating towards the back. I recommend getting larger groups reservations; couples and the like can usually get a table within 30 min and you can hang out at the bar or the leather seating in the entryway (which used to be a simple concrete ramp).
Seafood is the specialty here, and you should take a chance on it if you can.  Stopped by here a while back for a set of calamari (soft but not too crunchy) & octopus salad (this was okay) as appetizers/snacks along with white wine.  We tried the duck for dinner - not bad, considering they managed to somehow pick a non-fatty duck (or trimmed it really well), which made it a tad dry, but hey, not too bad. The potatoes... not sure what they were trying to do, but they were not mashed, and not whole... some odd kind of mishmash in between. Lots of "tangine" or "tangerine" themed dishes. The chicken was okay. Didn't really pop out as anything amazing.
Shared the creme brulee (crispy top as expected, not as flavorful on the bottom which was unexpected).
Overall, ambience and service were top-notch, but for the price I expected slightly better food, but I suppose this place is more about being in a Starr restaurant and being seen.Great food, great atmosphere, expensive but worth it.  I was very happy with my experience here, as was my girlfriend.  Valet parking makes it easy.greatttttttttttt food star u rockkkkkkkkkkkkkk  and u own down town phila food joints 4sureThis is a typical Steven Starr restaurant.  Trendy, decent food, good service, OVERPRICED.  Can you do better for half of the price, yes you can!I heard through my Philadelphia sources that Tangerine closed down?
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!
I loved Tangerine. The sultry lounge and deliciously creative dishes. My favorite was the triple citrus Hamachi  ceviche. Amazing. The shrimp and scallops Afriquan held it's ground.
What's in it's place?I really feel that without the ambiance and decor of this restaurant, it would be just another eatery. It certainly captures the Moroccan vibe but lacks in other areas. Maybe I chose the wrong dish, or maybe I just went on a bad night. Regardless, I ordered the seared Duck Di Veneto and was fairly let down when I tasted the polenta and realized it was cold. The duck definitely  wasn't as succulent as I hoped it would be and without the grilled radicchio, I feel the dish would have been a total disaster. Lastly, the server had a slight attitude and was very pushy when it came to ordering drinks and dessert. I feel that there is only a small chance I may return to Tangerine.If Raphael painted meals, they would look like Tangerine.
This trendy fusion restaurant uses lighting to both enthrall and guide its diners to a state of bliss. Another outpost of Stephen Starr's, its facade is more refined than his other restaurants. Tangerine's appeal lies primarily with its food and secondly with its mystique. This place is DARK. The lounge's foreign theme employs drapes, candles and low seats in concert to achieve an effect uncommon in many restaurants. Their full menu is served in the lounge area if you can't obtain a reservation in time for that hot date.
Service was practically top-notch. A bus person tried to take a plate with a substantial amount of food on it without asking - the only glaring negative for the evening. The manager and our waiter came by several times to ask how everything was going.
We ordered a sweet tangerine cocktail ($8) with tangerine puree, vanilla vodka, and club soda in it.
For appetizers, we started with the crunchy calamari ($9.50), sprinkled with red pepper aioli and topped with a kalamata olive salad. The calamari was lightly breaded and tasty. I found it to be enjoyable; others swear by it. The sauce adds visual flair to the presentation and is quite tangy and flavorful.
Arriving nearly simultaneously were the chickpea crepes ($10) filled with chicken and chanterelle mushrooms. They were delectable and well-made.
For entrees, the pan-seared red snapper ($24) was flanked with spinach ravioli and lightly soaked in a toasted red pepper sauce. This was the most robust (considering serving-size) of the entrees.
The next entree was the shrimp and scallops Afrique ($26.50) which consisted of day boat scallops and jumbo shrimp in a pleasantly zesty almond curry with carrot fufu and a side of steamed rice. The scallops were amazingly huge. Both the shrimp and scallops were tender.
Easily the weakest of the entrees, the pan-roasted chicken breast ($22) was served with a mascarpone gateau filled with baby spinach and mushrooms. The stingy portion is barely enough to feed a small underweight child. The gateau was appetizing though.
Dessert was an unusual treat. A toasty-warm apple-cinnamon baklava ($9) ended the meal nicely. It contained walnut cream, buttermilk ice cream, and was served with a dab of sour cherry sauce.
Tangerine is wicked expensive. You're paying for quality, not quantity. You will be hungry afterwards too. (Luckily, Chinatown is not far away.) The check came when needed. Go if you're seeking a romantic dinner or interested in sampling new cuisines. Reservations essential! Tangerine may not be the epitome of fine dining, but it comes close.
UPDATE, 5/9/2008: Friendly server Josh helped our party. I asked to have the bar make me a "creative shot" but I received a smaller version of one of their drinks instead. That soured me a little, but Tangerine's surprising departure from small portion sizes let me transport myself to heaven many times during the meal: try the shrimp and scallops! I still heartily recommend Tangerine.tan ger ine, as I recall it. 
This restaurant located on Market was beautiful, and everyone reviewing this took note of the candlelit wall, where photos do it no justice. I was actually only here once for a co-workers birthday. The food was on the Moroccan side, and I remember I had some sort of chicken tagine. This was okay, not my usual kind of cuisine but I'm glad I tried it. 
Starr nailed the romance factor with the decor, and the low lighting made this the most ideal location for a date, but we also enjoyed this in our party of 8. Sorry to see this one didn't last.