The staff and owners are super fun. The food is excellent! ALL of it. I wish I could remember the name of the tartarepas that I got... buuut I can't.  There was stewed brisket, and blackbeans involved. but it was excellent. I also tried everyone elses at my table and we all loved it.  Its just fun being there too, the music and all the people. I felt like I was at a relaxed party. they don't rush you out even though its not a big place and they were pretty busy it was all good. 
The bathroom could use some updating.What can I say about TartAreperia? The food is fantastic, the staff is so friendly and helpful. We had the tostones and empanadas appetizers, which were delicious.  We followed with the Asado Negro and Pabellon Criollo arepas--we thought they wouldn't be enough for us, but they were quite filling. And so good! Finally, we finished with tres leches cake--the best I've ever had, if i do say so. I can't wait to bring others here!It was my first time and it was take out, so we do consider to come back for sit down dinner. For my take out I ordered fish empanadas, it was delicious while it was deep fried you can't tell, not oily at all. The tomato soup was tasty and had a rich creamy flavor, for the winter time it's a perfect meal!This place is so refreshing and just what this neighborhood needs!  An Amazing authentic Venezuelan place with a real cool comfortable vibe.  Me and my hubby have been searching for a place with South American food and we are so happy we found this place!  Nestor and the rest of the staff are so nice and the food is delicious!  We had the Asado Negro and Pabellon Criollo specials...so simple yet amazing!  The empanadas were also really good!!  Definitely will go back soon and check out the breakfast and tartarepas!!!Had an excellent late lunch with friends here yesterday. We ordered and shared a variety of dishes and loved everything. Our waitress and the owner were so friendly and welcoming that I felt like a guest in their home. The whole experience was delicious and charming. Can't wait to go back.Had the Pabelon Criollo tarts, and they were awesome! Very friendly people, and we look forward to trying more!Amazing amazing place! It brings back the most fond memories of my childhood which I had missed for so long after moving here to Philly. This makes me happy that this place is finally here and I cannot wait until they expand and the entire state gets to experience this deliciousness of food and such wonderful staff/owners. The food is amazing and tasty, fresh and homemade. The Tequenos are sweet salty and so delicious with their own homemade cheese!!
All I can say is try it!! BYOB. Amazing and so friendly with good authentic music.Went above and beyond to accommodate my gluten allergy! The owner made us feel right at home and made my dishes in separate oil. Affordable meal for two with it being BYOB. We'll definitely be back next time we're in fishtownI did not have one bad thing.  My favorites were their empanadas, the roast pork dish, and the seafood arepas.  Have returned for take out empanadas and it did not disappoint.
I normally don't like arepas but I loved them here.  The toppings are the same as the empanadas fillings so you just need to get one or the other.This place takes the authentic Venezuelan arepa to a whole different level. This is just not a arepa place, it's a lot more than that. This place has a lot of creativity and the food is very good. Love coming to this place. Def recommend coming to try outI was blown away by the Arepas and the service I received. Every detail is considered. Beautiful decor and beautiful presentation of the meal. Loved every part of my experience. I cannot wait to return and try more arepas!Wow, this place is good.  The service is incredibly warm- when you're here, you're (like) family.  Seriously.   One of the guys there had family at the next table, and he was just as attentive to me as he was to them.  Eddie, the owner, described everything on the menu, which he said is expanding soon.  He recommended a few dishes, and I ordered all that he did: the mixed empanadas- fish (bacalao, I think), beef, and chicken.  Each one was full of flavor. Then we had the pabellon criollo and shrimp and garlic.  Both were phenomenal, but you MUST get the pabellon criollo.  Don't miss out.  
A confession: I don't love arepas.  Usually, they're dense and flavorless.  However, I like supporting new businesses.  This place had the best arepas I've ever had.  They were somehow light, yet crispy, without a bit of greasiness.  I'm assuming that their secret is magic. 
So, eat here.  Eddie and crew are incredible, the food is magic, and they have a novel for Philly concept.Very unique food. Arepas were delicious. Empenadas weren't anything too special. Tres Leches dessert was incredible! Staff was extremely friendly and attentive. Not too pricey, surprisingly filling. Have recommended it to several of my friends already. Would go again for sure.AMAZING food and service. I've never eaten Venezuelan food but many other Caribbean/South American foods; this was BANGING! The fish empanadas are one of those things you eat that two bites into it you know you will be craving for years to come. Such kind and attentive employees. I can not wait to come back and bring my friends!This is such a welcome addition to the neighborhood! I stopped here after work to get some dinner and the staff was so nice and the space itself is really clean and welcoming. I ordered two arepas and three empanadas. They were all great, but the asado negro tartarepa was absolutely incredible. They are still working out some kinks but that's to be expected. I'll definitely be back!Great little place owned by super nice people. Fish empanadas and pernil arepas are amazing!!!!  Entrees were luke warm, not quite hot enough. Services is extremely slow but i chalk that up to them being new and still figuring it out.First time trying Venezuela food and it was a wonderful experience. nice conversation with the owner also :)This hole in the wall place was definitely worth stuffing my face for! The staff members were also super sweet and helped us to have the best experience! Definitely will come again!TartAreperia is a unique concept that has opened in Fishtown.  It has taken the traditional Venezuelan arepa and transmuted it into a tart format.  The results are very good.  I ordered the Pabellon Criollo arepa tart.  A serving consists of two tarts filled with shredded beef, black beans, sweet plantains, and white cheese in a corn-based shell.  It's hard to describe so look at my photo please.  Just know it's tasty.  This is a family run establishment literally underneath the Girard Avenue El stop.  Get off of the train and check it out!I ordered the tamarind juice and it was the worst I have ever had, and I've been drinking tamarind juice since the 70s. It barely tasted like tamarind, and had tons of sugar.  I also ordered the following:  "Atun (Albacore Tuna)
Chukns of tuna, chopped tomatoes, onions, avocados and mayo dressing" (I copied and pasted that directly from their menu)
There were only two tiny pieces of tomato, no onions, barely any avocado and TONS of salt. :(Checked this place out a couple of weeks ago and ordered a sampling of things from their menu. They explained everything on the menu to us as it was our first time there, and even how how arepas are traditionally eaten (by hand). The food was good and hot, coming out as they were being made. The asado negro arepa was our favorite with a super tender and flavorful filling. The empanadas were also really good and had a cornmeal crust instead of the typical flour pastry. Definitely worth a try whether you're gluten free or not! 
The seating space is on the smaller side with high tops, so if they're really busy I'd recommend  taking your bites to enjoy at home.Delicious food! Best Arepas I've ever had! Great customer service too.  Slightly overpriced for portion size, but everything else was awesome!Had a wonderful meal, starting with the empanadas (tried bean, chicken and fish...loved the fish!!), and then I had the Asado Negro steak with the caramelized sauce, and my better half had the Pork with a different but also delicious sauce! The steak was wonderful, tender and there was plenty of sauce. Our waitress was very nice, and with only two weeks on the job, was attentive and friendly, and doing well with her English! Keep it up!! :)
Eddie came out to ask how everything was, and he told us about his plans to expand the dining area! We will be back to see how it ends up!!
Loved it here!Such a great and fun experience at this little place. The service was great and very friendly. The menu isn't that vast and the portions are a bit on the smaller size. I sampled several things on the menu and their pulled beef is great. There is a lot of corn meal on the menu which made me full really quick.Went for dinner here tonight with friends and was pleasantly surprised! The staff were very friendly and helpful as they explained the menu to us. We ordered the empanadas (beef and chicken), and three different kinds of arepas (Asado negro, Reina pepiada, Pabellon criollo). The food came out hot and was beautifully presented. Everything was delicious and you could tell that it was very fresh. We especially liked the beef empanadas and Pabellon criollo arepas. The portions were a good size and at a great price. Will definitely be back soon!Great food! Just moving into the neighborhood, was very excited to try this place out. Family run business, all staff were extremely friendly. The man working the counter greeted us and provided education about Venezuelan food and their menu. 20+ flavors of different Arepas!! The Arepas are presented beautifully in a tart fashion with decorative sauces to accompany. We order the empanadas, pabellon, and chicha drink. Everything tasted delicious. Will definitely be back!Food was great and the service superb. I would visit again when I'm in the area.This was the first time I've ever had Venezuelan food and it was phenomenal. Everything about this place from food quality to service to friendliness was a 5 star rating. My sister and I went for lunch and the prices are very decent. The chicha drink was so filling and delicious. The empanadas- chicken, fish, and beef were so tasty. The reina pepiada was delicious as well so creamy. The pabellon criollo is a must try! The beef is so flavorful with the sauce. The tres leches was so tasty for dessert. No complaints at this place it is a must try in Philadelphia! It is right at Girard station off of the market-frankford line.The food was fresh &' simply AMAZING! I will deff be coming back here to try different things. The waiter was also really kind, great service!So I just found this place through a friend and as a fan of Colombian arepas wanted to try it out, since I know they are different.
For lunch I did a lunch which has a tartarepa, two empanadas, and a juice. I had the Asado Negro tartarepa which was fantastic, and chicken empanadas which were quite good. The tamarindo juice was nice on a hot day.
I ended up going to dinner the same day so my friend could try it herself.
We had two appetizers, the empanadas(fish) and tequeños(fried queso blanco sticks), a set of tartarepas each(intended so that you can share and try different ones), and juices for around 40 dollars which was quite reasonable. The tartarepas are quite filling just as an FYI.
So glad I found this place!Come here for a fun new take on arepas!  Quality food, fair prices and lots of smiles :)Amazing place . True Delicious Venezuelan food.    The catering is also great  their location is super convenient, you can go for lunch or dinner there's so many options!!!Let me start off with, Im Venezuelan; born and raised. And so is my friend Vanessa who joined me in trying out this restaurant. First we had the "venezuelan coffee" it tastes just like home. My friend and I were amazed by the hot drink and neither of us is an avid coffee drinker but its because no coffee tastes as good as the coffee from home. This one just hit the spot warmly and we welcomed all the memories that brought us. The only reason why im giving this joint a 4 star review is because we went specifically to try tequeños and cachitos and they had neither! On february 14th! Come on, show your buds a bit of love here! We quickly passed the disappointment for such news and sank our teeth into the empanadas. We had chicken, fish and cheese, all with great flavor but please do not skimp on the green garlic mayo, the were guarding the green gold liquid with their lives! No sean pichirres, haha.
We also had the TartArepas, having figured it out right there that its called like that because duh, its a tart made of arepa. We felt kinda dumb haha. Non traditional but nonetheless delicious. 
The server was very pana which I dont expect any other way being from Venezuela.
Do yourself a favor and try out this place, good job guys, making Venezuelan pride bigger and bigger with each bite.We've found a new great restaurant on the edge of NoLibs and Fishtown.  Food is excellent and service is about as friendly and attentive as can be!  We will be back soon ... and often!Amazing!!!!! The inside of the restaurant is modern and beautifully designed. The food is even better! We've been craving a place that does arepas as well as my mom. They may be better (don't tell her that) We will definitely be back!Great place!!! Amazing concept with real Venezuelan favors the modem feel of the place goes great with the neighborhoodOne of my favs is he yuca frita. It's so good. If you haven't tried this place you definitely need to. The service is great and the food is delicious. The tostones with shredded chicken or beef with their own slaw is EVERYTHING!!!Not a desirable dining experience; would not return or recommend. Both service and quality of the food needs work. Plates arrived in slow succession - one after another. This happened for the entire meal for all five members of our party. Management/team was aware of the extended wait time (asking, "I hope you don't have anywhere to be") and offered a free appetizer, in addition to ONLY 2 of the 4 of us who ordered beer receiving free beer on the house (why only 2 out of 4 I wonder?). 
We were also asked to provide our names and email address in an effort to assist the restaurant with obtaining/retaining their liquor license (???) - not really sure if this is a Philly thing, but it was bizarre and uncomfortable. Management/kitchen needs to work together to ensure guests are not waiting for a long period of time in addition to making sure the entire table receives A+ customer service. Plus, the food was bland and left me unsatisfied. Not worth a do-over in my opinion.Good food good price and wonderful service. They're just happy you're there and took the time to explain the menu, Venezuelan food, and free salsa lessons on Friday night. Empanadas were great, the pumpkin soup was my favorite. Portion might seem small but very filling. Desserts were also must-haves. Definitely recommended!Delicious and unique food. The shredded chicks and asada negro were awesome.
They make their own passion fruit juice tooGreat service and good food.  some dishes are little bit on the salty side otherwise very good.We had an amazing experience here! My boyfriend and I went while celebrating his birthday. We were welcomed and immediately made to feel at home! The chef's son sat us at a table and explained the whole menu and the origin of particular items. He made recommendations and they did not disappoint! Some of the best food we had during our visit in Philly!! Also, when they found out it was my boyfriends birthday they made sure to have a "surprise" for us and gave us one of their famous tres leches on the house. This was hands down the BEST tres leches I have ever had. Overall, this places gets a 5 not only for food flavor, but also for presentation, service, and ambiance.Had an impromptu visit with 5 friends Saturday night. They were more than willing to accommodate. I have been to Philly for about 3 weeks and just learned about this place. Turns out it has been open for about a week! Service is extremely friendly, owners speaking about their gourmet proposal and giving advice and recommendations.
This is not your typical Venezuelan place: It is a gourmet restaurant, combining traditional flavors with new presentations and rations. I was craving the Asado Negro, so I went for a Tartarepa of that flavor (they told me that the plate would be too much for that time of the night). We ordered Empanadas and Tequenos as appetizers and had wine with it, Venezuelan wedding style: with dips! We brought our own bottle and they were happy to help us with it. everything was delicious, with a real traditional Venezuelan flavor. I have been disappointed before with "latin" and "Venezuelan" food. Not here
All in all, I have a new to-go place. Looking forward to trying the Christmas plate with all the sides! Great work guys!The food is soooo amazing. The garlic sauce dip is so good it made me feel like I was in Caracas!! Manuel and Edilia are the nicest people!!! They make you feel at home!This is my favorite Venezuelan place in Philly so far and that's saying a lot coming from a native Venezuelan!!Delicious gluten free foods. Friendly service, clean facility. Must try the beef empanadas and cachapas!I came here for my 25th birthday dinner with four of my friends. We pretty much had the whole dining room area to ourselves along with another crowd celebrating a 50th birthday. Let me begin by complimenting the amazing service we had. The service was nothing less than impeccable and we all recognized it and felt appreciated. The head chef even came out to check on us and wish me a happy birthday. Next, the flavor and texture l of the food... to die for! Even the presentation of the food was beautiful. This was a birthday dinner I will never forget, for many great reasons.Excellent food and presentation!! Waitress took time to explain the menu and was super nice to us. Looking forward to come back. It is also Byob  Location is perfect and a great add to the area.Awesome service, flavorful and well prepared food. Highly recommend! Great little gem under the el.Authentic Venezuelan cuisine with a twist! If you are in Fishtown this is a must. I would definitely recommend trying tostones, anything with Pabellon Criollo, cachapas and chicha. If my wife and I ever come back to Philly we will definitely visit again.This place is so refreshing!  Just what this neighborhood needs!  Amazing authentic Venezuelan arepas and a real cool comfortable vibe.  The staff was amazing! The food was delicious and reasonably priced.  Me and my hubby are so happy we found this place!Very cool new place in Fishtown at the corner of Front and Girard Streets.  Awesome authentic Venezuelan  food and salsa lessons on Friday night.    A must see in Fishtown.Holy yum, Batman! We booked Mother's Day lunch here because we wanted something unique. Something a little less traditional. Reservations for our large party of 10 was not an issue at all! Wheeeew! Anyone who has tried to book a large party in the city on a holiday knows that the struggle is very real!! Aaaaaand this place is BYO? Sold!
Upon arrival I was annoyed when I found out the regular menu I was looking forward to (which had their famous tart shaped arepas) wasn't available, but there was a very limited special Mother's Day menu instead. They failed to mention this when we booked. Ugh! There MAY have even been some eye rolls from me. Maybe. I should also note they also forgot to mention there was a lovely violinist that day and all the women were handed red roses, so not all of the "surprises" were negative. It all wound up actually working out so perfectly however....
The kiddos indulged in the Venezuelan sampler platter they made vegetarian for them, which pretty much served as their main. The rest of the crew split a non vegetarian one too. Definitely start with this (if you're not watching your weight...fried galore). It gives you a little taste of everything...empanadas, tostones, cachapas and tequenos. The plate is served with a sweet syrup type sauce and a garlic sauce everyone was flipping for. I told our kind waiter they should bottle it up and sell it. Big hit!
For mains, the ladies all chose the Criollo dish. They had shredded beef, while this vegan went with an all veggie one made just for me! It was outrageous! It was so simple, yet so flavorful!!! A layer of white rice, delicious black beans, grilled veggies, plantains and avocado. It was presented beautifully in a tower ( I quickly ruined because I dove right in) and unveiled at the table. Such a fun touch! I was so amazed that they could make these simple ingredients so incredibly tasty! I'm actually salivating thinking of this dish right now!! Wow!
The guys went with Parrilla Venezolana, which was different kinda of meats including chicken, steak and chorizo served over yucca fries. Ask for the garlic sauce to dip!
For drinks we went with the Venezuelan iced tea which was delish, but it was sweetened. Just a heads up. The gang also ordered some fresh juices we mixed with champs and vodka we brought along! Highly recommend playing bartender here!
A nice couple of slices of their famous 3 milk cake, Dulce de leche for dessert, and all were very pleased. 
The staff were super friendly on top of everything. I believe it's family-run. They were very accommodating to vegan and vegetarian diets. 
I hate to sound so Yelp cliche', but it is really a "hidden gem". Located just under the El, it's a small, but sweet spot with linens and such. Very unexpected for the locale. 
*They host free salsa lessons every other Friday night! How fun!
We're no strangers to Venezuelan cuisine, and this was my favorite spot to date. Very authentic meals with more fusion plates too. Very neat take on the cuisine. 
Taste was definitely a 5 Star for my dish, but because I didn't eat what they're known for, I'm going with a 4 until I do. Will update.Fishtown has great food and more and more it's reaching out of the American gastropub, pizza, taco Tuesday realm. Venezuelan! Next to the El! Quick bites! BYO! 
Loved the play on the traditional areperia!Amazing twist on a Venezuelan classic!  Visiting from Atlanta and we stopped in an had a sampling from the whole menu - tart arepas, empanadas, and topped it off with tres leches cake.  Great price and great service - thank you, Nestor!I've lived in Philadelphia for the past 10 years. This is by far the best restaurant I have ever been to. The staff was super friendly. The owners came to us and asked how our meal was. The food was incredibly fresh and delicious. I strongly recommend ordering everything and splitting it with your party.I can't believe this place isn't packed every night?!?!? The food is outstanding and reasonably priced. The portion sizes don't look large but ate very filling and sooo full of flavor. 
To top it off it's a byob!!! They have homemade mixers for your favorite spirit so bring a bottle of booze or six pack. 
They also have free salsa classes every other Thursday.
We'll be back for sure!!!We loved the place. Service is great!! They are charming!  They educated us on Venezuelan food and helped us choose! We got tequeños and the Pabellón Criollo tartarepa! ¡Delicioso!Great family owned place. Greeted warmly when entering and owner took time to explain menu and dishes to us. Everything was delicious we had!(empanadas, tartarepias,  cachapas and tequenos) Would definitely return. It's BYO also!LOVE LOVE LOVE. Empanadas, arepas, tres leches. My husband and I came here for lunch one after and loved it so much that we came back with a larger party for my graduation dinner. Come hungry! Also, the owner Edwin is a nice guy and knows how to entertain. 
One warning is that this is modernized Venezuelan food; the arepas are not like the one your grandma used to make. Nonetheless, delicious food and a great experience.This Venezuelan zone is no joke - I bought one of just about everything, slammed it, reminisced, blissed out with my fists out and transcended this piss farm known as Philadelphia. Not unlike your boy Daniel Day Louis, I would stop at nothing, murderin the white man, the Mohawk tribe, running under a waterfall, WHATEVER it takes to find you... my empanada loverrrr.The food was delicious, a different way to eat Venezuelan food. The asado negro arepa was my favoriteQuite the yummy restaurant!  Service was a little slow, but the owner and server were extremely helpful on assisting us with ordering the food and making accommodations for a fellow friend with a gluten allergy. Don't be fooled, the 2 arepas WILL fill you up!
This place is reasonably priced and you can tell that they take pride in the food they present. The front area has a few high tops and then additional seating in the back.This is a new place right under the bridge. The place is neat and clean with good seating iptions. The food is very unique. We thought orderibg 2 arepas would not be sufficient but trust me, it was more than sufficient.  In fact, we had to do a take out. The pieces look small but are really very filling.  Also, their rice drink was was phenomenal. They do deliver too. I think they use Uber eats, not very sure. But, with unique interesting menu and delicious food i would recommend trying them out. The food presentation was also very nice.Wow, what a great place! We loved the food, it was beautifully plated, delicious, and a great value! It is also BYO so we paired some cider and beer with the food and had a delightful meal. 
The staff was very nice and everyone was interested in knowing what we thought about the food. We sat in the back room and had the place to ourselves. 
Try the tostones, you will not be disappointed!Phenomenal food and great service.  The owner is extremely kind and willing to share the restaurant's philosophy as you dine on fabulous empanadas and arepas.  Just be sure to have a few napkins ready because eating with your hands for much of the menu is encouraged (albeit messy!)!First - the customer service was wonderful!!! However, we waited an hour to receive our food (on a slow day). The food was fresh and full of love but not full of flavor. For the portion it was overpriced. I will not return.Went for a visit on 3/23/17 and had to get TartArepasof course. This time, I got Asado Negro (beef) and Camarones al Ajillo (Shirmp).  Both were superb.  Shrimp even seemed a bit fresh, especially for a Thursday!
Had the Cachitos  to start with, which is The colored sauces make the dish look pretty.
For drinks, I had passion fruit juice, malt soda (has a fig flavor to it), and the chicha again.  There was also free Lions beer (made in WIlkesbarre, PA) offered that day, which wasn't bad and better than a lot of the mainstream beer offered in doing well in the States.Is a new way to eat arepas but everything was perfectly good. Amazing! Real Venezuelan flavor.My husband and his family are from Venezuela and they took me and my parents here tonight and I am not even exaggerating this place has was some of the best food I've had in Philly. The service was amazing and Nestor was so nice and really took care of us and made the experience just as enjoyable as the food. This is as authentic as you can get in this area. My husband got super nostalgic eating the pabellon, which is presented beautifully. The concept of the arepa tart is genius because if you've ever eaten a traditional arepa, you'll know how messy they can be.  Nestor (I'm pretty sure that was his name) explained that they will eventually expand into the rest of the space under the El stop and are going to partner with Casa Venezuela to have live music and other entertainment there. It's been quite awhile since I've been compelled to leave a restaurant review but I seriously can't say enough good things about this place. Please consider supporting them, it's super refreshing to see a place like this open in a neighborhood plagued by trendy overpriced and overrated food.The food is so amazing and the presentation is beautiful. The staff there is very nice and super friendly.This is just an honest review and I will be back for a second experience. I live in the neighborhood so I am thrilled to welcome something other than a new pub or pizza establishment. We went in for lunch and easily found a table. We were welcomed by a very friendly man who shared with us that his Venezuelan wife was one of the cooks in the kitchen. He explained what a traditional arepa was and how his restaurant transforms them into tarts.
For a starter, I had Tostones with beef. This was delicious. The beef was shredded and flavorful. It sat on a fried plantain. According to the menu, it was to have house made slaw, but there was none (I think it would have added another positive dimension). Just the beef on a plantain and a green sauce drizzle. Our tart arepas were pretty. My wife had the Mediterranean and I had the pollo. Hers had grilled veggies and mine had shredded chicken. Both of us could not get over just how salty they were. My chicken was shredded so fine that with the sauce, it was a bit soupy. I was also missing another texture like veggies or something to mellow out the saltiness. 
I do want to try them again. They are just starting and fine tuning the menu. I have a lot of confidence that they will do well because the potential is there.Wow wow wow!!!!!! I recently went to Philly and had the intentions of having brunch. However, due to the long wait I decided to leave and stumbled upon this wonderful gem of a place. I looooooove Venezuelan food and consider Latin American food to be my ultimate comfort food. I was greeted by a wonderful lady in Spanish and was made to feel at home. She explained to me that the food was gluten free (pretty awesome for those who cannot have gluten). But what really blew me away was their modern approach to Venezuelan food with the tart. Absolutely beautiful. I've included pictures as my words cannot do this place justice.El concepto de Tartarepa nos encantó, algo bien original y son una delicia, la atención recibida fue de lujo! Súper recomendado!!  Vamos a volver!!!We stumbled upon this place when we needed a gluten-free option near revolutions bowling. To avoid any cross-contamination the owner was willing to make the arepas  in a separate oil for us and take extra time. We sat drinking wine and eating for about two hours and never felt rushed to leave. We went with the Venezuelan classics and we're not disappointed. As a BYOB the bill was very affordable and we left very satisfied. To end the night, those of us that could eat gluten had the tres leches cake which was like fireworks in your mouth. I would definitely recommend this place for a nice meal at an affordable price with very friendly and accommodating staff.The food was delicious & service awesome. Highly recommend! Looks like they're just getting started so go give them business to make it a success!Small family shop, the owners are super sweet and walked us through the menu and chatted with us quite a bit. The place was pretty empty on a Sunday night but they had just extended their restaurant hours this week by an hour to 6pm. We arrived just after 5. Food was served very quickly. 
The tequeños and beef empanadas were delicious, especially because they're deep fried to perfection. Love Venezuelan food!! Must try if you haven't. The tartarepas are pretty amazing too, we really enjoyed the pernil, and the asado negro was a bit salty but delicious as well. Above all, you MUST try the tres leches cake. Incredible, rich and a great finale to the meal.Amazing service/owner makes you feel at home. Food was all delicious - chachapas, tequeños, tartarepas de asado negro (my favorite), and pabellón criollo. Reasonably priced and byob. Can't wait to go back!I read about this place a few weeks ago under the "Hot & New Businesses" section on Yelp and bookmarked TartAreperia 18.64. On a warm February Saturday we drove over to Front Street and gave this restaurant a try. The space is smaller then I thought with only a few tables when one walks in. However there is another dining room off to the side that holds another 10-15 or so patrons. As others, have mentioned the customer service and the genuine warmth of the staff was outstanding.
TartAreperia 18.64 is a modern twist on traditional Venezuelan cuisine. For their signature dish they make an Arepa into sort of a strawberry short cake type of form to hold different fillings. We had the Asado Negra, Carne Mechada and Camarones al Ajillo. There are 2 Arepas for each flavor. We also had the chicken Empanadas and meat topped plantains for appetizers. Everything was delicious and full of flavors. The Arepa was especially tasty. For dessert we finished things off with their Tres Leches cake. The plating and presentation of the food was also very nice.
For three people we ate well for about $20.00 a piece. TartAreperia 18.64 is a BYOB restaurant and takes credit cards. It is located under the El near the corner of Front and Gerard. We were advised that they will be expanding soon and will offer a larger menu with more plato principals. We really liked TartAreperia 18.64 and it a nice option for Latin cuisine in the Fishtown area.This is such an awesome restaurant I don't know where to start. 1) The food is fresh, delicious, and great portions 2) The service is friendly, and they make  you feel welcomed- I specially love how they explain the food and the fresh ingredients 3) Price is just right ! Honestly, I live in N.Y. And for this type of food I'm used to paying ALOT more. 4) i found out you Can BYOB so I will be hanging out here with friends ! Edwin,and Nestor make you feel so comfortable you will want to invite your friends so make sure you bring a six pack at least . I am so glad to find this little hidden gem in Fishtown it is definitely worth checking out !! I will be coming back and bringing friends .Venezuelan Urban eats taken to another level. Atmosphere is very refreshing. Empanadas are great. The TARTarepa's are very tasting. Must try!