AMAZING deserts! We bought a few different kinds an they were all fresh and delicious! Looking forward to trying again ;)Ever since I discovered this little tart shack, I've had to talk myself out of walking down this street for fear of becoming a diabetic. The tarts, cookies, cupcakes, brownies- everything is so deliciously creative and rich with flavors. Obviously, pick something that you like and you will be pleased. The service is the only thing not covered in sugar, but then again, I don't need it to be. It's just window service and it means I don't have to tip- which is a-okay in my book!
I like to pick up a tart for a friend who's having a bad day, but make sure you bring cash...enough cash for two = roughly $10.I went to Philly yesterday with my mom, and we stumbled upon this little place. The window was really cute, which is what caught our eye. All their desserts are displayed neatly in the window and it looked so good. We ordered theses chocolate chip macaroons, and this apple crisp tart. The macaroons were delicious, but the apple crisp...yeah not so much. I'd say if anyone is in the area, they should try it. It's definitely a cute place to go to while roaming around the city.This place is AMAZING. I had the cranberry orange tarte and it was so good, I'm sad I didn't order two of them!Let's get this straight,  the tartes are bomb! The filling is spot on, a perfect combination of sweet and tart. And the flaky buttery crust just ties it all together. I ordered the plum ginger and Peach Walnut tarts. I was a bit wary of the walnuts in the peach tart,  but they are so finely chopped I hardly recognized them. I also ordered the lavender pound cake due to previous reviews I read and they were not joking. The cake is so aromatic, it heightens the lavender taste when you bite into it. Just take a visit to old city and be sure not to miss this little pink gem.Tasty baked goods but the women that work there are so unfriendly and snide that it makes the experience so miserableAs part of a bday surprise from the gf, I had the pleasure of trying two tarts from Tartes and they were absolute perfection.  I'm going to walk there for lunch desserts when it gets warmer out, because wow, amazing stuff.A cute little shop with a cute little name and cute little desserts.  I recommend, well, the Tartes!  I have had cookies and cupcakes from here and Tartes are definitely their specialty.  I am giving Tartes five stars based on my love for the pecan and sweet potato tart alone, which taste a lot like the homemade pecan pies my southern dad used to make.  I have had a few of the other Tartes on the menu, and they are all delicious.  It really just depends on your taste preference.
Be prepared! This place is cash only, and it has no seating.  The woman taking orders is also somewhat abrasive - know what you want or she will give you that dirty 'don't keep me waiting' look.I will agree with most of the reviews that the macroons are amazing!!!  That being said we also purchased a peanut butter cookie it was dry and crumbly.  A toffee chocolate chip toffee bar which the toffee was not set properly very soft in texture.  I have to say if i were to pass agian i would definatly stock up on the macroons but that would be it for me.I LOVE this place, and I rarely can resist walking past without buying a yummy treat.  Thank goodness I work long hours during the week, so can only catch them on weekends.  It's a tiny place (almost the size of two parking spaces) and they bake and serve freshly made sweets through a walk-by window.  I've had several of their cupcakes, lemon bars and cheesecake, and they were all quite yummy.  Can't wait to go again!I have ordered from Tartes ,birthday cakes and holiday treats. 
They are absolutely wonderful! Whatever my needs or concerns, they are attentive and respectful. I absolutely adore the little pink building at the end of my block. 
Now, about the review that was disappointed that the service was not ip to par....(something about not being a home baked cookie) they are busy with orders and especially, during the Holidays. 
 Also, some of the costumers of old city are not exactly the nicest people. 
I give Tartes my absolute high regards for the amazing work they do!
Thank you Tartes!!!!I take it back.  The tarts are good.  The owner's disposition hasn't changed, but dang the flourless chocolate cake, almond berry, and pear-pissactio are soo good.Such a cute little pink shop.  And the scents wafting from the window on a crisp fall day just made me HAVE to go in.  (Note:  they have sporadic hours - so read the door).  Super-friendly gals (and one guy) were baking and glazing before my eyes.
Ganache coated cookies, cupcakes, tarts.
Love it.
So glad I walked by and walked in.  Bring cash - they don't take plastic.Ok, I'll admit it...It's true what they say...The counter lady isn't very friendly/welcoming, (and since it seems like she is the only one who ever works, you're basically bound to get somewhat stand-off-ish service.)  Yes, it is incredibly inconvenient to find parking around there AND it IS housed in a tiny pink shack on the corner of Arch St that you can't even go in! 
However, given all that, THIS PLACE IS STILL AMAZING! Hands down, some of the best macaroons in town (and sniff, I pride myself on being somewhat of a macaroon connoisseur...In fact, you can't hear me but I developed a slight English/rich person accent just for that particular sentence!) And it's not just about taste, boys and girls, all of the fancy-pants cakes and tartes that I've seen so far have been beautifully decorated too! 
BOTTOM LINE: It's totally worth it. Just go already!We visited Old City and ran into Tartes on our way to Starbucks and found ourselves mesmerized by the tarts in the window. We picked up a beautiful and fresh apple crumble tart, a key line tart that wasn't full of food coloring and perfectly crafted, and a red velvet cupcake that was moist with a perfect swirl of cream cheese frosting. We split the three desserts between three of us for the perfect buffet of sweets. Wish I lived here!SO GOOD.
I had never tried Tartes before, but I came here solely based of Yelp reviews, blindly chose four that sounded good, and toted them all the way back to California for my mom's birthday.
I was not disappointed, even ten hours after I purchased them and a long flight home.
The four I ordered (coconut, creme brulee, cranberry almond, and chocolate hazelnut) were sooo good. Of the bunch, the cranberry almond was the least tasty.. the cranberries were much too tart and I didn't really care for them. The other three were super delicious, with coconut being the absolute best.
I didn't find the service too rude or lacking, as other reviewers have mentioned. In fact, it was probably the friendliest service I have ever gotten in Philadelphia. They were ready and willing to let me hem and haw over which tarts to purchase, and suggested ones for me, and even told me how to bring them back to CA with me (luckily it was a cold cold day, and the plane was chilly, so the tarts traveled well).
I paid about $22 for the four, which is pretty pricy. But the tarts, while seeming small at only 4" in diameter, are rich and definitely should be shared.The deserts here are actually pretty good, but the owner seems to think that she can talk down to people and treat customers like they are intruding on her. Except for that fact, I believe the tarts here are some of the best in the city.Killer coconut cream tarts and molasses cookies. The sandtarts and the sugar cookie are also very good. 
True, the owner is a bit stand-offish but you would be too if you were cooped up in a hot pink tollbooth of a bakery all day.I passed this very small and very pink shop while shopping in Olde City and since I'm never one to pass up baked goods, I stopped by the front window and ordered a Chocolate Chip and Pecan Cookie and a Red Velvet Cupcake (why choose?).  I ate them both immediately and I have to say, they were both extremely delicious.  The cookie was chewy and warm (and huge) and the cupcake was moist and chocolatey, with (my favorite) cream cheese frosting.  I probably ate both in about five minutes flat.  I'll definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu.Excellent macaroons. I've been going here for years ands nice to see the quality hasn't changed.Hands down the best cupcakes EVER! As many others have noted, the owner isn't super warm and fuzzy, but who really cares. She knows how to bake and that's all that matters. When I have a bad day, her vanilla cupcakes make me feel happy. The cupcake lady, as I like to call her, knows what she's doing.The place is super tiny and adorable.   In fact, you can't even go inside.  There's just a little window to order at.  It always smells delicious when they're cooking, and a lot of people order goodies there for the holidays.  I grabbed a pastry there once, and it was pretty delicious and also unique.
The pastry was I think around $5 and I got a cookie for someone else for around $2.Cupcakes are like crack to me. So driving clear across the city to try this little pink oasis in Old City was a no-brainer. The store is hard to miss but don't expect to walk into a warm cozy bakery- its window service only. I too was greeted by a fairly tart baker, but I was here for the treats not a big hug..
I had both a pumpkin and red velvet. Each were $2.50 a piece which seemed more than reasonable. The cake was absolutely perfect. Moist and delicious. The only thing preventing me from giving this treat a 5 was the frosting. Way way too buttery for my taste. I could taste a stick of butter with each bite. I ended up wiping away half the frosting and happily devoured my little treats...We're not from Philly but happen to stumble upon this place. Their entire store can't be more than 150 sf but their goods are super tasty. Had the chocolate chip macaroons and pecan sweet potato tart. Both were excellent. In fact we went the last day before leaving the city.BEST MACAROONS EVER!!!!! This place is unparalleled. Make sure to stop by. The lemon bars and pear pistachio tarts are to die for (the macaroons are still my favorite.The apricot-almond tart isn't bad. The apricot was kind of sour, but I guess that's what you expect from apricot. The tart shell was delicious. I'm giving it one less star because I do see what previous reviewers mean by the lady at the window. She wasn't super hostile towards me but she certainly wasn't friendly or welcoming either. Like another yelper, I felt almost bad for "bothering her" (spent over $20)... Because of the service, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.With the first bite of my vanilla buttercream cupcake, I was wishing I'd just bought a slice of chocolate flourless from Metropolitan. To be sure, I love this type of cupcake, but I have to wonder whether there was any sugar whatsoever in that icing. My advice--make yourself Magnolia Bakery's buttercream recipe at home (then you'll have 12!). In the end--at $2.50 a pop-- prefer to get my sweets elsewhere.Really good cupcakes.  Moist, frosting is not overwhelming.  I would have given 5 stars but the customer service wasn't the best.  The owner was really unfriendly and did not even bothering saying thanks for the purchase.Pricey but certainly delicious.  It's a tiny little concrete structure where you can watch the pastry chefs mixing and baking.  Order up a treat at the window, but you'll have to go elsewhere to enjoy it.  I LOVED the blueberry tarts!I was visiting Philly this past weekend and was staying at the Wyndham hotel down the street from this bakery. I realized the time was 6:15pm and they closed at 7pm. So without delay, I ran out of my hotel room, hauling ass down to this shop before they closed and it was ABSOLUTELY worth it!! Ordered the snickerdoodle, peanut butter, chocolate chip pecan cookie and pistachio pear tart. 
By the time I walked back to my hotel room, I had eaten everything minus the tart. Wtf? It was sooooooo good and now that I'm back home in VA , all I can think about is this damn place and who might be going to Philly in the next several weeks so that I can get them to bring me back goodies from Tartes:/This is my new go to dessert place (still distraught over the closure of Philly Cupcake). Have had their key lime, apple, and berry tarts. Wonderful flavors, particularly the apple. Not overly sweet, lots of fresh fruit, and lovely crust.Wonderful little place; a serious gem. Every pastry here is incredible, the people who work there are knowledgeable and friendly, and it's reasonably priced. I often go out of my way to go patronize this wonderful little pink shop.Great tarts, nothing out of the ordinary though. I had a chocolate ganache-topped cream brulee tart and a regular cream brulee - I much preferred the ganache-topped one, since it added more complexity and variety to the regular one. The ganache was excellent - very rich and chocolate-y, but the cream brulee itself was as I've had at many other decently good places as well. 
I also had a brownie, which was actually my favorite. Probably one of the best brownies I've ever had! Very dense, rich, dark chocolate-intense, and fudgy, which I prefer over cake type brownies.I wanted to throw a party at the office this morning and since baking the cakes myself was out of the question, I ordered tortes and cakes from "Tartes" - the most dependable source of delicious pâtisserie in Philadelphia.  I ordered to plum with ginger tart, the pear almond tart, a chocolate tart with crème brûlée interior, and a big meyer lemon cake.  All were absolutely delicious.  Prices are fair given the quality of the pastries.
After Au Fin Palais on Market Street closed and Mademoiselle de Paris on 18th street had a shorter life than a soufflé, fine pastries were in short supply in the city - so Tartes is really filling a much needed niche and I for one feel lucky to have such a dedicated pâtissière in town.
A quick response to the many yelpers who are a bit put off by the crusty demeanor of the pâtissière of Tartes:  While she will not soon take first place in the Ms. Sunshine pageant, please cut her some slack.  Why don't you go work an entire day on your feet with fickle ingredients and hot ovens, making a living with something as perishable and unpredictable as pastries.  I always have lovely conversations at Tartes and the things I buy there make me smile even if the owner does not always smile herself.Wow, this place is amazing! Outside of France, Switzerland, Germany, and Austria, I have not tasted such amazing European-style tarts. The style is not finicky or over the top, but simple and beautiful. The peach and blackberry tart is a fantastic summer dessert to have, with a delicious buttery crust and deliciously baked peach slices and blackberries for every bite. They really know what they're doing. 
I've known this bakery existed for a while, but was never able to make it here during their open hours. They open after I get into work and close before I get out, and it's tough for me to discover all the gems hiding in plain sight on just Saturdays. However, there is definitely a shortage of delicious pastries in Philadelphia and now that I've tried them, I can safely add them to my list of go-to places for a pastry-fix.This place is soooo cute looking!  It's a mini little pink storefront with a charming display of  baked goods in the window.  As I walked past, the scent coming from the window lured me over to stand in the short line of people.
Everything looked amazing, but I decided to try the chocolate chip toffee bar.  Kind of like a brownie, but made of toffee flavored goodness with chunks of chewy toffee and chocolate chips.  OMG YUUUMMMMM, so good and not bad at 2.50 per bar.
The lady working the counter was definitely less than friendly and was giving attitude to almost everyone in line.  I got nervous and gave her a nickel instead of a quarter and she threw it back out the window and glared at me and told me it was wrong.  One star definitely taken off for the nasty lady at the register.We got some of their cookies after a tour and we just weren't impressed. The peanut butter cookie had good flavor but 
was super dry and the chocolate chip cookies just did not have flavor. I am sure other things they sell are better these just weren't.
As others have said the owners or shop employee was not a bag of smiles. She seemed impatient and seemed I to be bothering her."Tartes"...a perfect little hidden gem in the heart of Center City. I was recommend to this place from a very good friend of mine and I've been ordering cakes from Theresa (owner) since! She is so professional and she really takes your ideas and turn them into something so beautiful.
For my son's first birthday I ordered a Mickey Mouse themed one tier carrot cake and it was so moist and delicious for a speciality cake. 
The most recent cake I ordered was for my baby cousin's first birthday. We decided to go with a Mod Monkey theme. The flavor choice that we choose was a simple vanilla cake with strawberry buttercream filling. The cake itself was a little on the dry side but with only two days notice and a wedding cake that had to be prep and done a day before mine Theresa incorporated everything I wanted and made it so beautiful! I couldn't be happier with the outcome. 
Overall, this is definitely one of the first places that pops into my mind when I think of specialty cakes. Her price are reasonable and her work is beautiful definitely a great place to order your cakes from of ever in the city!!!! 
Other tips I wanted to add:
* chocolate cakes taste more like dark chocolate
* vanilla cake was kind on the dry side but buttercream was nice and fluffy
* red velvet cake was good
* surprisingly, her carrot cake was my favorite super moist, not too sweet, packed with flavors definitely  a must try!!!I have passed this place several times in the past few months and have always thought of stopping to sample their goods. Today I did, and although the lemon square I had was good the service was not. The Caucasian woman that waited on me behaved as though I was more of and intrusion than a customer. I was standing there while the customer before me was waited on who just happen to be also Caucasian was treated with respect and gratitude; I on the other hand was not given the same courtesy. I as a question about one of the cookies and  was answered in such a way as if to say "what, You don't know that". I proceeded with my order however and was met with more disdain when I presented the woman with a 20$ bill. She  curtly asked "you don't have anything smaller, I don't thing I have change". When I said that that was all I had, miraculously she reached under the counter and came up with change for the twenty. I guess she thought that because I am a black man that If she reached for her bag of money to change the twenty I had given her I would rob her, because you know, that's what black people especially men do. I did enjoy the treat but the whole experience left me with a sour taste in my  mouth. This is not a place I would ever visit again or recommend it to anyone.  I am sure that there are other establishment that would be willing to take my green money from a black person and treat them with the same respect and dignity as anyone else.I just happened to walk past this place while doing a tour of Old Town Philly.   We were heading from Elfreth's Alley back over to the Independence Hall area down Arch street and were greeted by a wonderful smell and a beautiful assortment of tarts, cookies, and cupcakes in the window of this tiny pink shack.      
We took home a black cherry and almond tart, and a pecan and sweet potato tart.    
The cherry and almond tart had a cake like center, with wonderfully tart cherries and sweet glazed almonds sprinkled throughout.   The cake texture reminded me of a pineapple-upside down cake, moist and super fluffy.  
The pecan and sweet potato tart was like someone combined two of my favorite pies.   The filling was that of a sweet potato pie, but the pecans tasted like they were straight from a pecan pie (with a sweet sticky glaze).    If anything, this one was a bit overdone, as the glaze on the pecans had candied to the point of making them stick to your teeth.   But the taste was amazing! 
The menu was hand written, and it looks like they have a different assortment of treats each day.    The tarts are pricey ($5.75) for individual sized tarts, but large enough that I didn't mind.My friend was having her birthday celebration in Franklin Square, and I work in Old City, so I figured I'd try a tart from Tartes and see how we all enjoyed it. I heard there might be some attitude to deal with when I went up, so I was a little intimidated, but still not completely unnerved. I went on a Tuesday, when they were closed, actually, but they still had the window cracked and were working in there. I scanned the windows for information - choices, pricing, order-by info., website - nothing. So I was forced to talk to them. They came off as me bothering them, which I probably was, but simply posting some info. might cure their annoyance at me and other future customers. Placed my order, asked about price at the end of the conversation, wanted the tart more than a mean face if I canceled at the end of the convo, so I ran, scared, but hoping my bravery would pay off.
Day 2 - returned for the tart. Wednesdays must be a good day there, because they were helpful and nice and friendly. Maybe my money warmed their hearts, I don't know. Paid and ran without looking in the box. Opened it in the park. Beautiful. My mouth watered from the moment I laid eyes on it. Chocolate-hazelnut like I've never tasted. Too bad for those with allergies. I forgive the attitude. What attitude? Everyone who tasted it hoarded their piece. Totally worth it! Will buy again.Cupcakes were pretty good and the employee I dealt with was friendly. However, they only take cash and if you are buying in bulk it is not cheap. They are reasonably priced if you are just buying one or two things (as opposed to a dozen cupcakes). Presentation is lovely. They usually stay open later on First Fridays.I have had a chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing and a chocolate tart. The cupcake was okay, the frosting wasn't great. The chocolate tart was AMAZING.
I must say the lady who owns this place is not nice at all. I was entertained by all the other reviews that stated this as well, I am not the only one!
The first time I went, she was not overly friendly but wasn't rude. The second time, I asked her how I should serve the tart and if it would be a good idea to heat it up or not. She said "ABSOLUTELY NOT...THIS IS A TART blah blah" as if I were the stupidest person she has ever met. She should probably be nicer to people, maybe she would get more customers.If you like cookies, brownies, mini tartes, pies, and assorted pastries this is definitely your place!  Though it's small and offers no seating, it makes up for it in taste and consistent quality.  The fruit tartes, brownies, and blondies are my favorites!  I've been tempted by the cupcakes, key lime pie, and apple dumplings...  Soon I will sample these as well!  I like walking by this place in the morning as they're baking, it smells so sweet and tasty!  The staff is friendly and are blend of Emo rockers / hipsters.  They are so delighted in their wares and share that love with their patrons!  They are truely happy and estatic when someone buys a sweet treat or tasty morsel from them!  They also take special orders, so if you need a cake or pie or box of tartes for a party they're affordable and reliable!I've been to Tartes twice because I bought two restaurant.com gift cards during a sale. I was delighted by the baked goods both times! The lemon bars were to die for and the cupcakes were absolutely phenomenal. 
The reason that I'm giving Tartes 3 stars however is related to the service. On both occasions I was extremely turned off by how rude the women, that I perceived to be the owner, was to me. The first time I went, I gave her the benefit of the doubt and thought maybe she was having an off day. But the second time I was met with the same crabby demeanor, almost as if helping me was a huge burden. I'm a pretty upbeat person and I think I was polite so being met with so much disdain was definitely off putting. 
I would save your time and money and visit a bakery in the Italian market instead.Yummy yummy yummy desserts, but quite expensive.  They make some fun seasonal goodies.  It's a nice way to splurge at the end of the week during a fall walk through Old City.
The lady who works behind the counter is definitely not the friendliest and trying to engage her in any sort of conversation is painful.I came across this place by accident and it was amazing. I had the carrot cake and red velvet cupcake and they were both fantasticDrove from the Mainline through the snowy roads to get the renowned "BEST of PHILLY" bourbon pecan pie. Amazing! True to its reputation Highly recommend. Definitely coming back to try the beautiful tarts.a leisurely walk around old city always includes a stop by tartes to pick up some treats.
i've tried their lemon bars, key lime tarts, and chocolate chip cookies - all of which were delightful and appeared to be baked on premises inside an approximately 200 square feet shop. i hope tartes will be around for years to come, because they are a mom and pop shop that adds to old city's charm and small business owner street cred.cupcakes for dinner. a child's fantasy, perhaps. last nite? my reality. lucky me attended an event after work (hence, no time for a "real" meal) where a table of colorful tartes cupcakes beckoned me to try each and every one. that i did not, as there were about 5 or 6 different varieties and my sweet tooth has its limits, but i did enjoy these 3 yummies:
first up: red velvet with cream cheese frosting. i went straight for my favorite, and it didn't let me down. the cake was perfectly moist and dense, the frosting rich, creamy and slightly tart the way [i think] it should be.
next: vanilla. while this seemingly plain cupcake may oft be overlooked in lieu of fancier flavors, it is anything but boring. once again, a moist, yet light, cake that perfectly complemented the equally subtle vanilla frosting. not gritty, not fluffy....more like whipped cream on 'roids, in a good way.
last but not least: strawberry. much like the vanilla, this yellow cake & pink frosting combo evoked subtle hints of strawberry, yet enough to clearly distinguish its berry base and have me licking my lips for more. a perfect end to my tasty tartes trio.
bonus: upon leaving the event, i was handed a logofied T-shaped sugar cookie! too full for more sweets last nite...that cookie became breakfast this morning (stop judging me!!) here's hoping sugar cookies are on the regular tartes menu.
did i enter the store itself? no. did i pay for any of these treats? no, again. but will i be doing both soon? oh, hells yes!I enjoyed the key lime pie tart tonight. It was perfectly crafted with a good balance of tangy and sweet. It was enough for two people to share and was priced at 6.75. You order at the window and receive prompt service. If you have a sweet tooth craving while old city this is a great spot to try.Tarts? More like little pink shack of heaven. Good lord. All you have to do is turn the corner and you get that "baked goods" smell, calling you in like the song of the pied piper. It works its way into your nostrils and pulls you in harder than an entrancing ass in jeans, on a fantastic, Spring, Philly day.
I appreciate a fine baked good like some men salivate over craft beer. Give me the precious. I have been twice (won't be the last) and unlike some of the mixed reviews here I have not been met with Wicked Witch of the West scowls or a lame pastry. Honestly, it is one of the best pastries I have had in the city, including the kind served at fine dining establishments and local bakery alike.. unlike the bland nameless Italian Bakery that everyone raves about and I find about as underwhelming as a one pump chump. Ooof.
Notables thus far have been the chocolate chip toffee bar, the pecan sweet potato tart and the pistachio pear tart. The last of the three seemed like an odd pairing but not only were the pears cooked to perfection but the flavor profile was amazing. Yes, they are a tap on the pricier side but quality doesn't come cheap and I don't mind paying an extra buck or two to have a mouth orgasm. May not be your thing but it certainly is mine. I didn't even take the time to get a photo of my pastry porn cause I was on a mission to enjoy.
Most importantly though, the place is cash only. See it as a blessing or a curse, it may help you exercise some restraint. If you go, go for the tarts. It's their namesake for a reason.A tiny, pink building had some delicious smells wafting out a small window. The lady behind the window was not particularly friendly or helpful in making my decision, but I opted for two Macaroons at a total cost of $1:  Regular and Chocolate Chip. Both were light and moist, and to my surprise I actually liked the Chocolate Chip more as it helped to cut the sweetness of the coconut.This is one of the best bakeries I have ever been to. It is simply, literally, a kitchen with a window where you place your order from a display case next to it. Creative pastries that look too perfect to eat sit behind the glass while you salivate. I tried the cherry pistachio tarte, peanut butter cookie, and lemon bar. The cookie was amazing, sure, but it was the lemon bar and cherry pistachio tarte that shone. My mother and I shoved face while on a hop-on/hop-off tour bus of the city as fellow passengers started open mouthed at our box of goodies. The tarte crust had a perfect flaky texture and the lemon bar filling was actually creamy, as opposed to even semi-gelatinous.Everything we got was AMAZING!  We had a girls night dinner and since Tarts is right across the street I figured I would give it a try.  Soooooo Very glad I did!!!!I am pretty sure I've tried just about every cupcake place in the city.  Tartes has one of the best red velvet cupcakes.  It's really the cream cheese frosting that gives the red velvet its oomph.  Correspondingly, I expect the carrot cake cupcakes are also delicious (if you're into that sort of thing).  I have to admit I don't particularly care for the chocolate or vanilla cupcakes.
Tartes' cookies are also pretty good, if not mindblowing.  Their tarts ARE good, but I don't generally love tarts so those don't affect my opinion that much. 
This place is within walking distance of my house, so they've received a pretty significant amount of my business.  The only two quibbles I have: the cash-only policy and their being closed on Monday.  
I have not had any issue with the service at all, and I was a little surprised to read that people had trouble with it.  So your mileage may vary on that one.  I think it helps that I'm mostly happy with their efficient service: it means that I will have cupcakes in my mouth that much more quickly.I recommend the gingerbread cookies. They are amazing. Paying 1.75 for a cookie is a bit much, but they're pretty big. I'm not sure how their hours are on non-First Friday days, since that's the only time I get cookies there, but if you're in the city for First Friday, you should definitely stop by.Someone got me a few tarts from here for my birthday and two of them were AMAZING so I went back about a month ago. The blueberry almond tart is incredible. Flaky, buttery, moist, and the perfect mix of sweet and nutty. I also got the key lime tart which was great- and I don't even really like key lime, the chocolate creme brulee which was whatever (there wasn't really anything about it that made it a creme brulee), and the lavender point cake which was very good (especially if you like pound cake) - it definitely had lavender in it which was an interesting and delicate flavor.
I'd definitely go back and I highly highly recommend itSo I have gone there once so far after yoga colleagues mentioned it was really good.  Hey, we need to enjoy things to every once in awhile.  I got a sugar cookie.   I always crave a sugar cookie in the winter. $2.00 maple leaf shaped and huge!! It was one of the best cookies I have ever had.  Crunchy outside and soft inside.  I will definitely be back to try others such as chocolate chip, peanut butter, gingersnap.
No seating so it's an order at the little stop and take away.The tarts are delicious! Service not so much! They are far from friendly and no they were not swamped. A woman tried to open the door for a man delivering to the shop and the owner (im assuming) was clearly annoyed. She was just trying to help!! Id go back for the tarts just don't expect great customer service or even a friendly smile.Great desserts, but the lady behind the counter seemed perturbed when I asked the name of a specific dessert. Tasty stuff, just don't ask questions.Love the Tartes. This is a place you want to try! Promise, you'll always come back whenever you're in the area.My wife didn't love her pecan tart but my lemon bar was top notch with an exceptional crust.  Would like to try their chocolate covered creme brulee next.while the delectable namesake pastries here are a given, it's the familiar scowl of the owner that is the most charming part of the experience.  when ordering, stand three feet to the left of the stand so you are out of her sightline.  stand only close enough that you may read the menu.  before approaching the window, make sure you know exactly what you want.  then order.  don't hesitate.  don't make small talk.  don't make eye contact.  just order.  you've been warned.  this woman is strictly business.  try to get her to crack a smile, i dare you.  however, take one bite and you'll start to have a greater appreciation for the lovely lady in the tiny pink brick establishment.I made three purchases from this little pink shack of wonder.  Next time I'm gonna buy out the entire shop.  
The chocolate chip-pecan cookie was like butter.  You could literally taste the butter and sugar dissolve in your mouth with each bite.  
I played it safe by getting a regular brownie, but I should have been more adventurous.  It was solid, but I have high brownie standards.  I prefer my brownies a little denser, whereas these were slightly cakey.  
The lavender pound cake, however, was stupendous.  Perfect density, subtle flavor, rich but not too heavy icing.Baking goods are tasty- but service is lacking. I've been there numerous times- woman behind the window is always rude and grumpy.They are only selling through a hole in the wall and this is the only bakery where the doggie tries to literally jump in. No kidding and enough said.
PS similar kudos go to the chinese bakery on 9th and Race where he will try to get through the glass door.Great tarts!!!! They make them daily and they are always fresh I love the coconut cream tart (only sold on weekends)!! It's a very small shop and prices are reasonable for the quality of goods!! Will definitely be back!Best pastry in Philly. Make sure to stop by this little gem in Olde Towne. Share it all and try everything!I just moved into the neighborhood and this place has quickly become my downfall! The tartes are amazing and are sized perfectly. My boyfriend and I enjoy stopping here on a Saturday afternoon and grabbing a tarte to split after dinner. 
So far we have tried a lot of them and I have even brought them home to the suburbs several times with much applause. The Coconut Cream and Key Lime are to die for. Can't go with the lavender pound cake either!Cup cakes were average, but the oatmeal raisin cookies were off the hook. $2.50 a cupcake ($$$) I can make the same if not better for pennies on the $. Plus the lady at the service window could be just a tad friendly.I am forever on the hunt for delicious, classy pastries in this town full of stale cannoli, so I was delighted when I stumbled upon Tartes in Old City earlier this year.  In the vein of other commenters, my first reaction to the service was to dub the proprieter the "Tart Nazi" after I was abruptly scolded for my confused attempt to open the door on my first visit, before realizing that it was a walk-up window only.  
Fortunately, the "tartness" of the service is more than compensated for by the richness and sweetness of the shop's delectable offerings.  On my most recent visit (last month, July 09), I sampled two fruit tarts: blackberry almond and cherry pistachio.  In the former, fresh, whole blackberries studded a heavenly filling of almond cream, reminiscent of fluffy marzipan (the true key to my heart).  The pastry shell was flaky and delicate.  The Cherry pistachio tart was a little too densely pistachio-ish for my taste and lacked the delicacy of the other tart's filling, but maybe I am just more of an almond girl.  
To top it off, I bought a lemon bar, a childhood favorite of mine.  Lemon bars are frequently disappointing due to lack of moisture and tartness, but this one was luscious and had a perfect zing in the custard on top of the buttery shortbread base. 
According to the Tart Nazi herself, the shop uses only two ovens on-site, which is clearly reflected in the freshness and precision of the hand-crafted treats displayed in the window.  Next time, I plan to venture into the unsampled territory of the cupcakes and chocolate temptations recommended by others.  Given my experiences thus far, I am sure they won't disappoint!Wellll, so I got a $27 pie for Thanksgiving.  I was oh so excited, and made sure to tell everyone that they were eating $27, but, well....it wasn't very good.  It just wasn't very flavorful or full of deliciousness whatsoever.  They literally made it that morning too!  Since then I've gotten a couple smaller cakes for special occasions and been unimpressed.Often fruit tarts can be disappointing, but they were definitely the star at Tartes. The crust on both the blackberry walnut and pear ginger was divine! Both combinations had a nice balance of sweet and tart.
We also sampled a mini red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting. Great size for a small dinner party. The cake was moist and complimented with the perfect amount of frosting so it wasn't overly sweet. The only slight disappointment was the vanilla cupcake. Although the vanilla buttercream frosting was delish, the cake was slightly dry.
My favorite thing about Tartes is the exterior service window, which makes it easy to pick up your desserts when out walking the dog. The way I figure it dog walking = excercise = calorie splurging on more goodies from Tartes!Always ALWAYS made a habit of stopping here when I am in the city. I am never disappointed with the pastry I choose. I love the Key Lime tart and the Coconut Cream. They are big and Oh So Delicious! Wish I lived closer so I can sample one of everything.Small little stand in between 3rd and 2nd and arch on the right side. No place to go inside it's takeout at a window only. They accept credit minimum is 10$. It is on the pricier side... a mini tarte is $3.75, there are a variety of flavors. I tried the chocolate creme brule which was amazing and creamy on the inside but not overwhelmingly sweet. I also got the blueberry lemon tarte which was a perfect combo of sweet and sour. My favorite was the coconut cream tarte with real coconut. It was creamy and delicious. I was disappointed in the chocolate chip toffee bar the taste was bland. Overall cool place with awesome flavors.If you are both a lover of pastries & in or near the Old City section of town & you do not stop by Tartes, you are doing yourself a mega disservice.
This place is a mere one block from my abode & it is both a blessing & a curse.
How this tiny place churns out the most delectable of fresh treats on an almost daily basis is beyond me.  It looks like be literally about 250 square feet inside.
At the ordering window you'll find a variety of fruity tarts, cupcakes, cookies, scones & more.  The menu changes every day, but stays *basically* the same.
The pastries may be a little pricey, but trust me, they are worth each and every cent!Walking around Olde City and spotted this bakery. It's suppppper tiny and can be mistaken for a parking booth. I'm infamous for having an endless sweet-tooth so I ordered the chocolate creme brulee tart. I can't even describe the deliciousness of this dessert without making it sound dirty. hahaha =) I promise, it's REALLY good. If the baker has it on the menu, try one!Yes! Everything here looks and is delicious. I suggest getting the bourbon pecan pie!Is this little dessert stand not the absolute cutest?!
It's also filled with some seriously tasty treats. I had the coconut cream tart, which was whip cream/coconut/flaky crust perfection. A friend had the peacan pie, also exceptionally good. Thanks to Tartes, there's now a picture floating around online, of me double-fisting pie. 
You won't find any coffee here to go with your sweets, but complaining about that is like complaining that you can't rent movies at a Barnes & Nobles.