I want to write a complaint about the horrible service that I had last night. 9 friends and I were sitting in one of the boots to the upper right hand side, with waiter service. We ordered three rounds of shots. The first was supposed to be pineapple upside down cake shots, and the waiter said that bartender didn't know how to make them so brought us some pink liquid shot instead. Next, we ordered Washington Apple shots, which are supposed to be made with a little bit of Crowne Royale and apple flavoring. The shots were straight whiskey. The last shot was a Dirty Girl Scout. I specifically asked if the bartender knew how to make these and the waiter said she did. He brought us 8 shots of a substance that was the consistency of a mixture of baking soda and oatmeal. No liquid whatsoever and it wasn't even possible to take the shot. When I asked the waiter about the 3 incorrect shots, he said that the bartender was angry that she had to make the shots and wouldn't be getting the tips for them so purposely made them incorrectly. I asked for a manager, who gave us free lemon drops. However, we still ended up at a $277 dollar bill and paid $7 for 24 incorrect shots that were completely awful. This was the first time that I had shots that were so bad that I felt sick from taking them. I will never go to this bar again nor will any of my friends. The service was awful and the staff was just plain rude. If the bartender did not know how to make the shots, she should have said so. And after making them completely incorrect, the manager should not have made us pay for a shot that tasted and looked like curdled milk.Came for the mean girls brunch , it was a great concept but poorly executed. We waited over 30 minutes for drinks and an hour and a half for food , which was mediocre at best. Our server could have cared less. Management tried to "apologize " but to be honest it was too little too late . They gave  the excuse that there were so many people .... well you took reservations so you should have been prepared .Tavern On Broad..... Is the best experienced bar this side of Center City and it's like CHEERS in Boston.... Where everybody knows your name, But OUR version here in the Philadelphia area (On the South Side of Broad St.)!!!! With the finest beers on tap from Golden Wheat (Blue Moon) to Amber Wheat from Boston (Think of Sam Adams) to Chocolate-Flavored beer from Brooklyn, N.Y. (The Brooklyn Brewery Co.). When inside this elegant dive/lounge/sports setting (Yes, All in ONE) you'll enjoy the ambiance of an art deco like lounge bar with a vintage bar/club atmosphere, Sports bar-like quality and feel with food fare ranging from those delectable honey BarB-Q buffalo wings, gourmet sirloin steak dishes to there delicious steak-cut French fries, But there menu don't stop there.... They have everything on the menu to choose from to match your tasty beverage of choice! Oh yeah..... Lest not forget, To order the beer fountains they'll bring to your table and your able to pour from the fountains spout with much ease at your leisure at anytime! DRINK UP, But DRINK RESPONSIBLY at The Tavern On Broad!!!!After the family graduation dinner we met up with all the Dental School graduates and their friends and family for drinks, good company, dancing, and an all around fun time. The drinks were a little pricey for what you got (or should I say what you didn't get). The music was fun and the place was pretty large with a number or tall tables, open spaces, and lounges with tv screens all over. We all had a good time and stayed till closing. Good company helps make an experience at a bar/lounge but this place isn't too bad on its own.This  place has a great atmosphere and  nice employees. The appetizers, especially the chicken, are well prepared and cooked. There is no contest when it comes to a happy hour spot since happy hour happens here on week days for more than an hour!Our waitress was new and quite possibly the reason for this one star [rant] review.
Long story short, the waitress lost my credit card! We were sitting next to some people at the beginning of the Eagles game and gave two cards just to make sure the bill was split. When it came time to pay, she couldn't find the card. She was looking and looking and looking. Eventually, she found the card..... but when she swiped it, she charged us for another persons bill. 
Jeez.
She doesn't know how to refund the money, so the manager comes over and takes care of it. This did take a long time though and we were in a rush. No apology from either manager or waitress, which was a huge turnoff. 
This is a great place to watch a game with good drink specials, but comeon!I barely have the energy to explain how poor the service is here. I have had a handful of decent experiences, but the most recent overshadowed them all. The service is terrible. We were one of four tables in the entire place and spent more time waiting for the waitress than we did eating or drinking. We ended up having to walk to the bar to place our order for almost every round of drinks / food that we had. She appologized that another table was being demanding, but it did not seem to matter. She still ignored our group of 8 for the 2 hours that we sat there watching a game. Would have to really think twice about going back.My typical reaction when someone mentions going to Tavern on Broad is some sort of grunt followed by some questioning. I usually associate it with a packed atmosphere filled with cheap beer and college-age clientele. 
I recently found a good reason to go. College game watch parties. My local alumni group set up a game watch party and I was totally digging the set up. We received a private room, our game with the sound on and waitress service. Additionally, we received half off domestics, house wine, well drinks and select appetizers. The room was comfy and almost like being in someone's living room. Our server was on her game and we always had a drink in hand or on the way. 
Unfortunately, I don't drink domestics and opted for their best craft beer option, the Lagunitas IPA. At $7 a pop, that started adding up after a while. I feel that's borderline high for that common brew.
In any case, no need for an adverse reaction if I'm returning for another game watch party at Tavern on Broad.Headed to Tavern on Broad twice in the last few weeks. I figured I'd slam the reviews together.
First outing: about 8pm on a Friday night we met some friends for drinks. The place was DARK, very very DARK. It was pretty packed with what seemed like a college crowd dressed in 80s clothes, which was a good chuckle I grew up in the 80s and its still scary to see stone washed jeans, tye dyed shirts, and slashed tanks tops making a come back. The big hair was a memory I would like to not relive from that night. The crowd was run though, a little too touchy, and a little to in your face in a Jersey Shore kind of way. Quite a few guys appeared to be there with their "boys" to pick fights. Not going to complain about the drink specials IE about $2 drafts. It was a nice surprise, but not the best price. It definitely felt like a college draw for the bar, which is odd as it's in Center City, and most of the places cater to the business folk on Fridays for happy hour. Lesson learned, Fridays at this place, not our scene. The bathrooms were covered in vomit and urine both male & female. The place royally stank. Badly. We eventually sat in the back by the sports area, but not much different. We left due to inability to really order drinks.
Second outing: went about 5pm on a Thursday night, met some friends after work. The lights were on. When the lights are on the place looks pretty nice. The staff were very nice, conversational. We got a couple of beers, and some appetizers. The fries were heavily salted and soggy, some even seemed wet. The chicken fingers not a huge fan. Significantly less people for happy hour on a Thursday, with clean bathrooms, and totally different patrons.
I'm still middle of the road on this place. My gut is it wants to be the local watering hole on Friday nights, but still draw the professionals and business folks during the week. Problem is those crowds don't mix. If your going for the college crowd get some more bouncers who want to do more then sit and flirt with the college girls, because in the bathroom area and bar part you have guys picking fights. For the week time, only suggestion is expect to not get whatever their drink special is. We had to ask 3 different bar tenders to finally find out what it was.Food and drinks are good. However there is never enough staff working to handle the amount of patrons in the restaurant.Went here on a whiskey crawl.  Spacious for grabbing some drinks at 4pm on a Saturday.I've been here a few times, and that's enough for me to say it's aight.
Nothing spectacular, nothing bad. Just, you know, a bar. 
"But Vichet," you ask in an overly familiar tone, "what does it have?" 
Music, lots of people, and reasonably priced drinks for Center City.
What I will say is that the crowd is usually pretty friendly and open to mingling. I've bought and have been bought many a shot in this place, all for and from strangers. I get the sense that the crowd is mostly lower 20s, but that's just me.
Remember on weekends, you'll have to pay a cover to get in. Also, the pillars can make it pretty tough to get around inside when the place is full. 
The good thing is that people tend to congregate in the middle of the place, so the far edges of the main bar is usually a good, low-traffic spot to post up as a home base for ordering drinks and getting a moment of (relative) quiet.
At least it was, until I told you about it.I know this is a little late for a review, but I was reminded of my HORRIBLE experience after receiving and e-mail from NYEphilly.com. 
Usually I spend my New Year's playing hostess to my friends, but this year decided to go all out and experience New Year's Eve in the city. I paied extra for 'Ultra VIP' tickets to ring in the New Year at Tavern on Broad and honestly I'm not sure who to blame for the horrible experience; NYEphilly, JoonBug Productions, or Tavern on Broad, but what I do know is that none of them wanted to be accountable or took responsibility for misrepresenting what was sold, the debacle when picking up the tickets, and overselling the event - seriously not sure how they weren't shut down for breaking fire codes.
Between being moved from one line to the next, taking over an hour to get into the venue to be brought to a coffee table with no chairs - supposed to get private seating with a waitress - and being served Hamburger Helper and Salad on the extensive buffet was extremely disappointing. Not seeing our waitress more than twice that even was frustrating, but having to wait an hour in a line to use the ladies room while being pushed around and belittled by staff to get to stalls where a rude attendant rationed off toilet paper was utterly ridiculous. 
Yes I didn't go here for a traditional dining experience or to just sit around the bar on a normal night, but because of my New Year's Eve experience I will never return to see what the bar could really be like.First they gave away our reservation to another party. And then they refused to let us leave the bar when the Phils clinched the NL Pennant.  I will never go back to this bar ever again.Yes the drinks are cheap and sometimes free but the service here SUCKS. The bartenders during happy hour are the worst. He only reason I came was for half off happy hr. drinks. Next time I'll spend the $17.00 at the Palm upstairs for a great Cosmo and great service.I went to Tavern on Broad while I was in Philly for business. I had a wonderful time and he staff was amazing. They were all very helpful on places to go while I was in town. They also have some good happy hour deals. 
The food took a little long but I didn't mind because when it came out the food was hot and tasted amazing! I would highly recommend Tavern on Broad to my friends who visit Philly or those who live in the city.Terrible service and over priced beers ($5 for a bud light or miller light bottle).  Food is average if you're lucky and good luck getting a refill.  Only good thing is they have lots of TVs, but there are plenty of other bars with TVs.Not sure why this place doesn't have many stars, but after going there for my first time on Wednesday, I am hooked on their happy hour! We originally went for sips, but our bartender was very friendly and let us know that ALL drinks are 50% off 5-8 (including all of the fancy pants cocktails).  The drinks that my friend and I ordered were both very yummy, and so were the vegetarian spring rolls!
I would definitely go back again!The first time I had the pleasure of experiencing Tavern on Broad was for the last Superbowl. I was pleasantly surprised at how relaxed, and quiet the place was. I felt almost like I had walked into a closely guarded secret or something because other than a few people at the bar, most of the seating was pretty open. The group of guys who I came with got an entire section to ourselves and each individual took up entire couches and got comfortable. The food is disappointing for the most part; the wings are boring and then some; the fries are not bad, and for the price you pay, it's a decent amount; the Mahi Mahi was so dull and the bun was chewy and not fun to eat. But I didn't care because it was a very relaxed atmosphere.
Then came the second time that I went to this establishment, and it happened to be on a Friday. The two separate visits were like night and day. The obnoxious music being played by the incredibly amateur DJ was blasted at such a ridiculous volume that I swear I heard the hair cells in my inner ear screaming as they shriveled up and died an agonizing death. And then even more died when the aforementioned DJ (DJ being too good a term for this moron) decided that he was going to try... whatever he was trying (scratching I think), but it was so badly done that people actually stopped dancing. It was like a tone deaf old man with no sense of rhythm had gotten a hold of the music. The people in the bar seemed to be slightly older on average (than me), although there also seems to be a decent amount of guys who are in the college student age range (like me). And before I forget, the amount of people on the weekends makes the experience all the more aggravating. 
The waitresses are quick, and seem to be very attentive to your needs, although not necessarily cheery while they're taking care of you. But most of them are attractive, so... you're welcome.
Go when the place is quiet and relaxed, and it's an enjoyable experience. Go when the annoying music is playing, and the whole experience takes a nosedive. Unless you're into that scene I guess. Also, go down the street to I-HOP when you get hungry.this place borders between a dive and a regular sports bar. hidden below ground level, it definitely feels like you're going into a dive bar, since there are no windows and can be kind of dark. the decor leaves nothing to wrote home about, just your average sports bar paraphernalia, with plenty of big screens to catch the philly, eagles, or flyers games. although seemingly crammed, there is actually a lot of space as you walk further back, into another bar area.  
feel like dancing instead? there is plenty of room to dance, and friday.saturday nights they play lots of top 40's & hip hop, for those nights you just want a casual place where you can dance the night away with your girlfriends! i have had plenty of fun  nights here doing just that :) it never gets TOO crowded, but enough people find their way down here. 
would rather just sit and eat? there are ample booths to accommodate you, although the food is not very  good, even if it's cheap. but as a place that offers pretty something for everyone for a casual low-key night , tavern is the place to go.I HAD to sign up for this site just to leave this review.
Weakest drinks I have had in my ENTIRE life. $6 for each for rum & diet, $10 for a long island. Literally nothing but soda/sugar water in them.
I had been here before and had a great time since sometimes there are fun people here, but I arrived already drunk. Do not drink here. Also, asked for the promised special at 11:55, was told I had to go get the wristband from the front, this took forever, got back to bar at 12:00 even, and was told the specials were over at midnight. WTF?
Bartender also rude as hell.I've been to Tavern on Broad a few times, and I've either had a terrible time or a "meh" experience. Whether I'm dropping in on a random night or stopping by as part of a bar crawl, service is slow and slighty/full on smarmy. Their well drinks are probably the weakest I've ever had, and their beer selection is nothing special. They do have a few large TVs scattered throughout, if you're into that. 
My friends and I bought "VIP" tickets for their Halloween open bar. For only $30, I should have known it'd be terrible. First of all,  they only had one line for everyone. It didn't matter if you bought VIP tickets or regular or if you bought in advance or at the door. Everyone waited in the same line, so there was no point in planning ahead or paying extra. We missed about an hour of the VIP open bar we paid for because we were waiting in line. Once inside, we had the same weak well drinks and mostly smarmy service as any other night, except escalated due to the crowded open bar.
All in all, Tavern on Broad should always be your last choice.  There are so many better options around.Solid sports bar in Philly. Lots of Gamewatch parties here. (I come for the RU games.) Only beer specials during the games here though which stinks as I'm a wine and cocktail gal. 
They also have a $5 burger which is pretty good. It comes with lettuce, tomato, and onion but you pay for everything else like cheese, sauces, and other toppings. Still pretty cheap for a meal.Booooooo!!!!. Tavern on Broad is a disgrace and an embarrassment. With such a great location and so much potential, this dump falls well short of expectations. I live right down the street so I have been to this meat head infested establishment many times. When the lights go on at the end of the night I find myself wondering why again I willingly chose to put myself through this disappointment. Below is a list of all that is wrong with this god-forsaken hell hole.
-Bouncers are roided out mongoloids that wait anxiously for somebody to make a mistake so they can brutally and forcefully drag them up the stairs and out of the bar. One Friday night I witnessed and older man (around 50 or so, dressed very oddly) get his head bashed into every step as about 4 bouncers twice his size continued to yell "stop resisting". Poor guy. 
-Bartenders think they are the shit, yet they are slow and very unfriendly. One lady bartender told me to dance when I asked her for 3 bud lights and 3 shots of Jameson. Keep in mind I had been waiting for approx. 15-20 minutes, battling to get a spot at the bar. I was confused so I smiled and gave a fake laugh, just to find that she wasn't kidding. She wanted me to dance, just so I could have the privilege of ordering a grotesquely over-priced drink order. I refused politely.....never got served. True Story.
-Plenty of space to cut a rug, however the music is terrible and the crowd energy sucks. Nobody really wants to sweat and get after it. There is always, and I mean always a douchey DJ "spinning" top 10 radio songs. God the flashbacks are painful
Avoid this bar at all costs if even remotely sober. If you are in the area, feel like dancing with a large group of close friends, and most importantly, you can barely speak because you have been pounding beers all day, then yes by all means please stumble down into this dark pit and cause a scene on the dance floor. Stumble in around 12:30-1:00 (on a FRI or SAT night only!!!)  and have a good time.I am really torn between 2 and 1 star. For the benefit of this bar I will go 2. But if I could give 1.5 that would be perfect.
I dont know where to start with this place. During the busy nights its like a frat party basement. Every inch of it is crowded and the clientel look like they just graduated high school. 
Along with this the drinks at this place are ridiculous. I went on a Sunday to watch some NFL Games. I ordered one PBR and paid $6 for it. 4 blocks over is a bar where for the same price I can get an entire pitcher for that amount. In fact most places in the city charge $2-$3 for one PBR. 
Overall this isnt the best bar to be going to in the city. If you are black out drunk and want to dance the night away go for it. But overall not impressed.So a manager offered me 50 in coupons in an effort to get me back. My friends went there for the Eagles/Cowboys game, so I decided "Sure, might as well treat my friends"
The service, was certainly better than my previous nightmare. The bartender there was sympathetic and paid extra attention to me, great bartender overall. She explained to me how the hostesses had a high turnover rate.
 However, it was hard to get attention to get a drink from her or others. The burger this time was a little overcooked, but it was still very good. 
The bathroom was in a pretty bad state. Only two urinals and one working toilet, the door permanently open (probably to aid with the smell), and paper towels continuosly running out. 
They may have salvaged my business, but if I were running it, I would put a lot more effort.Big fan of Tavern.  I love bars with a variety of entertainments.  They have a bunch of different rooms, a pool table (my fav!) and lots of TVs.  So conveniently located I frequent this place a lot.With all the awesome and well run bars in Philadelphia, I cannot fathom how this place remains popular. We went for a friend's free happy hour on a Friday night. The free cover was a plus (but honestly, I cannot imagine liking this place enough to pay a cover). They have a big bar, but every bartender I encountered was pretty rude. One of my friends was accused of "stealing" by the bartender because his wristband was hidden. My husband was literally yelled at by another when he tried to order two beers (one for me) because they have a one drink per person policy for the happy hour. The bathroom was in disgusting condition. The door was propped open and there was a attendant who took up half the room. I could barely stand at the sink. The finale to our evening was the bouncers (seriously - WHY are there at least 20 of them?) who came over to our table, and literally removed it saying the dance floor had to be bigger. Next!I've been here one time since I've moved to Philly.  It is a decent bar, with decent music, however, the bartenders aren't really 'in the know' when it comes to beverages.  I requested a tom collins, and the bartender looked at me like I was at fault for saying something ridiculous.  
Not really interested in going back.Visiting Philly for the first time. A group of us wanted to see some Sunday games and maybe Nascar.
This place has over 20 TV'S to watch your favorite game. Asked if they could change one that was hidden in a bar area for the last 10 minutes of a race. DENIED! Ok, how about a Philly Cheese steak sandwich, nope....out,  Ok, how about celery that was supposed to come  with my wings, nope....out, how about pickles?....no wait we found celery.  Terrible way to run a resturant.  Waitress was fine. 
Wings were good, food selection is very limited. 
I would not recommend.Meh, this place is alright.  I was here for a friend's bday party and it was suitable for the special occasion.  Drink special for the night (at least for our group, as far as I could tell) were half-priced drinks.
For half-priced drinks, they made sure it was half-quality.
There's a "dance floor"...or at least some open space for some rhythmic bodily movements, if you're so inclined.  The music that night was all over the place, so there wasn't too much dancing on my part (quite upsetting).Terrible bartender only serves her friends and doesn't serve anyone's. I was waiting 20min gr a single beer. GgI'm not entirely sure what to make of Tavern on Broad and based on my experiences there, I'm not sure the ownership knows either. It's a hybrid sports bar / upscale pub with decent happy hour specials and a large space that rarely seems full. Granted, I have only visited on weekdays, but I can't really imagine this place heaving with people. It doesn't seem to have a loyal enough following to pack out. 
I believe the reviews that label TOB a "bro bar," but I haven't really seen it. I think if you're looking for an adequate burger and discounted drafts - during the week - then TOB earns passing marks. But barely. The Tavern clearly takes the real estate mantra of "location, etc" much too literally: they rely on their Broad Street convenience instead of pushing themselves to offer creative food and drink options. 
I think it's deserving of a 3-star review by virtue of its competitive happy hour offerings; it's the one part of their approach that doesn't simply rely on the easy access of its location. For those considering a visit to the Tavern, go for a weekday happy hour and see how you feel. As for those looking for a weekend drinking spot, I agree with everyone else: go elsewhere.Going into Year#2 with Tavern as our home for the Pac-12 schools (Cal, Stanford, ASU, UA, UW, USC and UCLA) and Tavern has worked out great for our alumni groups.
Their sports manager and probably manager-extraordinaire, Neina, has been great in making sure our game is on TV and with our own rom, setting us with great servers and drink specials and even spoiling us by advertising the place as a Pac-12 bar.
Come out to watch your Pac-12 schools play this Fall!It was alright..(when I walked in)..UNTIL 3:00 on a Sunday and they're out of Guinness. Having recently been to a few local breweries, I was hoping for a good selection....no dice.This place is an awful scam. You are paying cover to go hang out in a shitty basement. There are three bathroom stalls for women in the entire place, so (a) it's disgusting, and (b) you will spend a LOT of time in line. The bathroom attendant for the male restroom will let women in if they tip extra -- ladies, don't fall for it -- it's just part of a money-making scheme. The attendant will take your money, and then the bouncers will promptly kick out  you (AND your friends, who weren't even in the bathroom) so that they can clear some space for the next people in line, collect more cover, and repeat...Indifferent bartender. Hadn't heard of most of the cocktails we requested and didn't have half the ingredients! Most of the drinks on their menu needed pineapple juice n they ran outta that at 6pm during happy hour on a slow Tuesday! Didn't quite enjoy the ambiance either, it was way too bright for a sports bar. 
On the 'bright' side, huge portion of fries for a mere 3 bucks!
Wouldn't go back again, not even for the fries!Recommended by some locals who said this was "The Place!". Don't believe the locals! After walking in and saying hello three or four times I walked into the kitchen scaring the cook who asked what I wanted. A bartender! No bartender around so the cook ran to get her. I ordered a beer and took a look around. Not much to appreciate in this place. Bartender disappeared for a while. Came back just in time to get me another beer and ask if I wanted food. When in Philly you eat cheesesteak right? Wrong! Prepackaged meat microwaved to melt the cheese and over salted fries. Disappointing to say the least. Bartender disappears again until her friend came in to chat around the corner. She brought me another beer and took the remains of my food. Again, don't listen to the locals!! Beer was cold though. That's worth two stars!Half off drinks is a pretty sweet deal... Except it's hot, sweaty, overcrowded, and has terrible service. I came here for an event on Friday evening and stood at the bar for 20 minutes while the bartender overlooked me and served a bunch of men who came to the bar after I did. I was at the very front just standing there trying to order, but was ignored time and time again. I even tried leaning forward to catch the bartenders attention, but he instead decided to make fun of me and ask another person for their order. What the ****?!I can't believe he still had a job. I decided to move to another side of the bar and was served immediately by a very nice man. Thank you for redeeming one star for your business. Never coming back.I've had nothing but great experiences at Tavern on Broad.  I hosted my first Arts and Drafts (facebook.com/artsanddraftsphilly) event in May and they were very accommodating.
I tend to go to this place for happy hours because they're 1/2 off drafts.  The food is pretty good, especially the Thai glazed chicken wings.
If you sign up for their happy hour list, they might draw you for a free happy hour on a friday night for 4 hours where you drink for free and all of your friends get half off drinks and appetizers.  If you can get in on one of these, they're an excellent way to try some of the food and atmosphere (if I ever get one it'll certainly be a yelp event)!Here on a Friday for a post-season kickball party.  Ok DJ. Not good enough to get the whole crowd jazzed to dance or amp up the party vibe in the bar.  Drinks were decent. They gave us some lame "specials" for bringing in 40+ people. One free drink and then you can have the normal Friday specials like everyone else. Woo. Neat. For 100$  of food money we got fries and bbq wings from 8-11.  It was enough to make my night out decent, but I'm not itching to come back and praise them with my business.This is a decent sports bar smack in the middle of the city.  The staff is friendly and the service is good.  I didn't eat there but plenty of people did.  
They say the " cater to all sports fans", not just Philly fans, and when I asked to change a TV to a different game, they did. The crowd was relaxed and started to pick up after the Phillies game let out.Checked in here for the first annual Philly Food fest. Had the Tavern fries. If all the food is as good as these I wish we could have eaten more. But this is a restaurant crawl so have to save room. Anthony was greatI was there tonight only for one drink. It was during the week and therefore really quiet and only few people were at this place.
Bartender was very friendly.
Really entertaining was the live music.
I will definitely come back to this place and try again. The location is perfect at Broad Street.Went to watch my alma mater on College Game day. What can I say? It is what it is: a rode-hard-and-put-away-sweaty basement sports bar in Center City. A variable mix of craft and big brewery on tap? Sure. Microwaved frozen pretzel bites served with reheated canned cheese... for $9? Why not! At least I was comp'd a beer, which softened the blow of my team losing.
Doubt I'll be a regular. But never say never.Gross, stinky like beer and badly mixed well drinks. I haven't had the food but I think i'll pass.After going to this place twice, my friends and I have decided we will not be going back. 
The first time I went was for Tavern's 1 year-anniversary open bar (free) and the 2nd was this past Saturday because a friend of mine had one an open bar party (free for him, 1/2 price drinks for friends)
My first experience there gave me a very good indication of the type of service they provide - SHITTY.  I have been to many open bars before, and most times I am satisfied with the drinks I order and am not disappointed by the lack of liquor in them.  The bartenders at Tavern, for the most part, do not know how to make a drink properly.  There was one bartender who was generous with her pouring, but overall, the drinks were weak.
The second time I went, my 1/2-priced drinks were extremely disappointing.  My friends and I felt like were drinking straight-up soda the entire night and felt we didn't get our money's worth - even for half price.  The icing on the cake was when a friend of mine went up to the bar and ordered shots for his friends and told the bartender to pour a shot for herself as well.  The bartender proceeded to pour my friend his three shots, a half a shot for herself, and another shot for her own friend, ALL of which were charged to my friend's tab.  He should have contested this at the time, but as we all know female bartenders have the tendency and ability to take advantage of slightly inebriated male patrons and he did not complain.  I am complaining, however, because I want to prevent the good citizens of Philly and the surrounding areas from having similar experiences.  There are plenty of other establishments in the city where you can get decent drinks for reasonable prices. 
Don't waste your time at Tavern, you will end up sober and annoyed.Getting hurried by some surly gentleman with an earpiece because I'm blocking the flow path is idiotic when I'm standing next to a drink rail.  When there is a drink rail, notably one that wraps around a support pillar, it's meant to have people stand and congregate in that area.  Who's idea was it to build a DJ booth as large as an elephant adjacent to the entrance anyway?  On top of that, a frat party.  I've had to re-evaluate my life afterwards.Don't go to this place goodluck getting a drink bartenders were rude and the place was too packed to even attempt to get a drink, and they charge a cover. Stay away.I arrived at Tavern on Broad about 5pm on a Sunday with an old man and a baby.  They sat us in a corner behind a wall (hey, they put a baby in the corner).  We then waited for service.  About ten minutes passed before I went to the bar and got drinks for us.  The bartender took my order and it took another ten minutes for him to get our drinks.  When the bartender returned, he had some excuse about the GM telling him to do something.  I found it amazing that there were 5 bartenders, the bar was not full and I waited ten minutes.  I had a Golden Monkey, the old man had a Lagunitas IPA and the baby had something with vodka (not really).  When I returned, the waitress still had not showed so, I went to the hostess stand and asked her if we needed to place the orders at the bar.  The hostess said that the waitress should be there any minute.  The waitress did show up about five minutes after that.  The old man and I had the rib eye tacos and the baby had pita and hummus.  The food was decent.  The service was terrible.
Mike Jerrick from Fox 29 was there.  From what I could see, he received better service than us.  We were going to ask him to sign the baby.  We ended up not asking.I have NO idea why Tavern on Broad received so many bad reviews. I was there 12-4-14 for the first time.The food was GREAT, the bar was well stocked with plenty of variety, staff were very nice, and quick. The crowd was nice, the place was very clean. I like their unique use of rooms. What I did not like is, for me to get there, I have to drive around City Hall, quite an adventure. But I really liked the place.Perfect Sport Bar to Watch the Eagles! First of all this place is attached to the Hyatt at Bellevue Hotel which is Beautiful. So we didn't have to even walk outside in the freezing cold. We were able to walk inside to inside! We are watching he Eagles Playoff game here and the vibe is electrifying, the people are awesome, the staff are on point and very professional. I highly recommend this place!Let's see:
- friend tried to organize a surprise birthday party for her boyfriend and was promised half price drinks, a private area, and no cover. When we got there, no one knew anything about it and the rather large party ended up shoved into a small room with drunk assholes who were real jerks about the entire situation.
- shitty drink specials.
- scattered service, it was IMPOSSIBLE to track someone down at first
- smelled like a cloud of sweat and Axe
- probably a fire violation with the amount of people they shoved in there
- awful, nasty crowd
In short, there was not one thing enjoyable about the entire experience.Finally decided on giving this a try with a $50 coupon from Philly Dealyo and a lack of inspiration to cook. Hadn't been here since it was Zansibar Blue. 
Front bar was full of people who looked like they stopped by here for happy hour. They shoved a group in the "pink room". Weird. 
Beer selection was ok. Food wasn't great, but wasn't awful, either. The place looked like it was going to be packed for the Thursday Eagles game. Our waitress was attentive enough. 
Around 7, when we were leaving, everyone was as well. The place emptied out, which befuddled me. They have plenty of TVs, and plenty of room. 
I'd go back for a Flyers game or Phillies game. The fact that the place was emptying out before the Eagles game possibly meant that there wasn't going to be a lot of energy.Watched WS game 2 at Tavern on Broad. I had not previously been there since the Zanzibar Blue days, never actually made it to the Speakeasy. Anyway, like Greg L., I found myself there because a friend of mine said it was a decent spot to watch the game. Our first choice was McGillan's, but as we expected it was overflowing by 6 pm. The Fox and the Hound has too many out-of-town fans for my liking, despite the close proximity to my home. Anyway, the positives to Tavern on Broad where their draft specials, which included a 5-8 pm half-off happy hour special, then from 8-12 was $2.50 domestics. Craft drafts for $2.50 for a few hours then switching over to the light stuff to finish out the night was nice. I believe their 5-8 happy hour is every weeknight, but the 8-12 special was probably related to the game, we didn't ask. The crowd was mixed and into the game, which was cool.  By the time the game started the place was packed.
I looked at their website and it looks like they are trying be a nightclub on the weekends, at which point you will not find me there. Their TVs were serviceable for the game, but something was causing them to have a wavy distortion. During commercials they played pop music, which was fine. The acoustics were good when playing music, but not so much for the game. It was hard to hear much of the broadcast.
We also ordered some food which was just average. The bright spot was their hand-cut fries which were nice to munch on during the game. The bartenders were very friendly,  Marissa, I believe her name was, took very good care of us, almost too good by how quickly my beers were being replenished-then drained-it's the WS, my nerves were wrecked!
I am tempted to give it a 4 for the cheap beers and great bartending, but due to the atmosphere being a little on the generic side, I am going to say 3. I will likely return to Tavern on Broad for a happy hour sometime in the future.Overall, this place was a blast! I enjoyed the music and drinks. I didn't get to try the food but the prices seemed reasonable.This place is absolutely amazing! Their bottomless mimosa deal was awesome, and the staff provided phenomenal service!!! We came here for brunch and the food was delicious. I love it here! Next time I'm in Philly, I'm 100% coming back!Went for a night of drinking and dancing.  Very long, cold line.  Door guy insisted on splitting our group up.  $10 cover (for what?), $3 coat check, fairly expensive drinks?  I actually enjoyed some of the music the DJ played, but it was nothing out of the ordinary.  The floors were so slick with beer and broken bottles that I'm surprised I survived the evening.  One extra star because I was so drunk that I had fun and they had Dogfish Head on tap.I was at Tavern on their opening night, and had a lot of fun. My friend and I enjoyed cheap Three Olives drinks, and the staff was all friendly and excited to be there. 
I was there the next weekend, and it was way more crowded. It was still a good time, but the bar was a terrible disappointment. There was a special on draft Miller Lite, but the taps were not working. The waitress said she could give me bottles instead, so I asked to make sure I would be getting them at the special price. (I believe it was $3 at the time.) She said yes, absolutely. I get my bar tab later and she had been charging me the $5 bottle price all night. "That's ok," I thought, "because I still had a good night." 
Fast-forward to Game 5 of the Phillies v. Dodgers game. My roommate called ahead to reserve a table, was told she was all set. We arrive and were immediately told our table had been given to another party, and that no tables were available. "Should have just gone to the Piazza," my friend said. No kidding. The price difference at the bar was the same. They ran out of glasses, or whatever the case was, and could only serve bottles. There were no specials on the bottles, only on drafts, which conveniently could not be given out. I was still excited to be watching the game with so many Phillies fans, and since we won, I don't have the heart to give Tavern a shitty review. 
In the future, an emphasis should be placed on customer service. This bar is looking to fill itself to max capacity but by giving away reserved tables and not offering the special price to bottles when there is a technical issue on the bar's end does not keep customers coming back. Treat us a little better, and we're likely to return. I'm not sure if or when I'll be going back to Tavern. I'll be watching the Phillies play the Yankees elsewhere, that's for sure.Great location, however terrible customer service. Drinks came out wrong twice, menu listed items that did not exist and no soda products available for mixed drinks but ginger ale. Can't speak on the food as we left after the drinks took 20 minutes to come out and after asking if we wanted to keep them anyway came back and said "by the way" you have to pay for them!I was stuck in the city Saturday night after working all day & not wanting to take the trip to the shore, a friend suggested I come out with her and her friends for a this happy hour she won.  I decided to go seeing as how i desperately NEEDED a drink after my day.  I had never been there before so wasnt sure of what to expect but i was presently surprised.
The door girl was super friendly upon walking in, and contrary to other reviews I read on here knew exactly who my friend was when we said her name.  We all got wristbands and proceeded to the bar.  The bartenders were fast and efficient but not in that "im so busy im gonna rush u" kinda way.  The music was decent having a mix of everything played.  For a saturday in the city i was really surprised how packed it was & people kept coming in.  My drink special ended around 11/1130 or so but the drinks were still reasonably priced.   
The dance floor managed to become a disaster throughout the night, as they usually do because of all the drunken fools spillin their drinks - but the people watchin was worth the price of having to watch my step.  It seemed pretty big as it had a bunch of different rooms, and two different bars.  
I left at about 130 which is when most people seemed to be closing their bar tabs and headed home.  over all i was pleased with the place, ill be back in the fall for sure.I am giving this two stars, simply based on the fun challenges with the Quizzo game night, and the company I had, and cool crowd I met. We were all there for a Meetup, which was fun, but I ordered some loaded fries from the menu, and asked the bartender specifically what was in them as I am allergic to many things. She stated ingredients that I am able to eat, and assured me that there was nothing I am allergic to in it. Wrong! 
 Guess who woke up covered in hives the next morning? And the Quizzo night sucked. Who does an ENTIRE Quizzo based around Saved by the Bell? Ask some legit questions ,dude! Nobody cares about that show,and the people that got the perfect score Googled everything anyway. We all saw them. The challenges made it more fun, which is why you got two stars.
 And yes, the bartenders are quite surly and a bit rude. They could at least try to be nice to the people that pay for things and tip them.Nice place for a drink and to watch the game. They fill in music during the commercials, which is a nice touchDirt cheap happy hour specials.  Half priced drinks.  Not really my crowd.  Lots of college kids on a Saturday night.  On the other hand there were lots of hot girls.  YEAAAHHH buddy!
I'll get to the point.  As hard as they really try to turn this place into a club at nights it will still and always be a tavern.  The bartender was nice but they charged me full price on drinks 5-10 mins before the special ended!  I heard they do that a lot here so be warned.This place is fun on a Saturday night and even for Dueling Pianos (they have live bands there every Wednesday Night). We recently went there since TOB was hosting a Scavenger Hunt for LLS. It was overall a good time, but there should've been more clues/games in between each bar for the Scavenger Hunt. At the end of the Scavenger Hunt Bar Crawl... TOB offered a complimentary open bar but didn't have enough food for everyone. The day before they posted that they sold 150 tickets... so they should've planned it accordingly.If you're a child of the 80s or 90s, the music selection will provide serious entertainment and perhaps an improv dance party.
I've had plenty of good times with friends here. It's not always my first choice, but it rarely disappoints. Beware, though, that it's notoriously crowded and sweaty. Drinks are affordable, and plenty of people having a good time.Let me start off by saying I have never been here for a Friday or Saturday night when this place is apparently much different than a Sunday afternoon for NFL games.
I went from having the NFL ticket when I lived at home, to not even having cable at my apartment here in Philly. That was the most drastic adjustment of my life! However, Tavern on Broad offers the Sunday ticket so I can still catch a bunch of games (including my Vikings). Food is decent, service is pretty awful, though! 
On my last trip I was at a table near the bar and a waitress was supposed to come around, she never did. The bartender was great and did way more work than he needed to and gave us a free round of beers because of the big mess that is the service here.I've been twice for a half price happy hour. Both experiences, with two completely different groups of people, were awful. The drinks weren't bad, and neither was the atmosphere and music, but the bartenders were horrendous. They ignored us on both occasions, serving those without wristbands first and texting instead of attending to us. When they finally acknowledged us, it was with a seriously nasty attitude. Again, this happened on two separate occasions. I've never experienced such horrible customer service and will not return.Used to come here a lot with friends from college to chill since they have big booths and decent prices, however, over the last year or so the place has really gone down hill. 
Long lines for no reason, packed with frat/yuppie garbage on the weekends and it takes forever to get a drink even with the two bars. 
Sure the free happy hours are nice, if you get them, but it really isn't worth it otherwise. The staff is rude, they don't ever have their liquor stocked so they're constantly running out of things to make drinks/shots.This review is written more for the game watching/party experience and less for the food and drinks.
I've been to Tavern a few times for an alumni game watching party.  The guy there who handles these things is really friendly, helps us with any requests, and is a pretty funny guy too.  There are two rooms in the back that are usually reserved for alumni groups.  So we basically have an area to ourselves, and the best thing is that we can actually hear the game!  The waiters/waitresses are friendly and attentive and don't complain about breaking large bills (sorry!).  
One thing about this place is that the food and drinks are a little more expensive than what you would expect.  Even during their football specials, the best deal is $3 Coors Light...yeah, like I said, not that good.  During normal hours, a typical beer like Yuengling costs $5!!  So it's probably best if you go during happy hour / football.  Also, at night, the place turns into a dance club!!!  So if you're in the bar before then, you don't have to pay a cover (not that I would pay $5 to get in there anyway).
One last tip: do not, under any circumstances, park in the Bellevue lot next door.  The tavern proprietor offers validated tickets, but these are only half price, and even then, you'll be paying more than another lot a few blocks away.  Trust me, take my advice, you'll thank me.I've been out here a couple of times on weekend nights, and have always had an average time. Last week, one of my co-workers won an open bar, so a few of us headed over. I was shocked to find out that it wasn't just her who drank for free, we all drank for free for the first hour! They also had a nice selection of $5 apps- we had loaded fries, spinach dip, and chicken fingers. They were all good, better than I expected. The dip and fries were big portions, but there were only 3 chicken fingers on the plate, which seemed a little skimpy. The free drinks alone would bring me back- thanks Tavern!The ONLY reason I went was because of the $25 gift certificate I bought for $1 at ! And I'm glad I used it so I won't ever have a reason to go back. We went around happy hr Friday . My drink was extremely weak, beef sliders were over cooked, honey BBQ sliders tasted boiled, the spinach artichoke dip tasted like plain spinach and the crab cake sliders were missing something. The buffalo wings were so effortless my 2 year old could have made them! Overall, unsatisfied but not disappointed because all of the reviews read pretty much said the same so I'm not surprised. If you're thinking about going, DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT! ( the menus and some chairs were literally busted and I didn't really want to touch them)One word: Disappointed. I came here last year and really had a great time so this year I planned my birthday around this bar. My group of friends and I purchased the $25 call drink wristband  special from 10pm-12am last night. Giving them the benefit of the doubt the Eagles playoff game was on and the bar was packed. However, that does not mean the bartenders and hostesses are allowed to be rude. I can't complain because as the birthday girl my wristband was free, but as for ten of my closest friends who paid I have to get this off my chest. When you pay specifically for "call" drinks not the "house" drink package you expect call drinks. All night we were constantly given house brand liquor and when we called them out they copped an attitude and continued on with their bartending. The girl seemed clueless on what was included in our package obviously. Maybe it was because she was pounding down shots herself and too drunk to realize. What kind of establishment is this? They were out of sprite? They do not carry Captain Morgan? The one girl made my friend pay $7 for a rum and coke even though she showed her wristband and they said it's not included? This place is a joke. Definitely has gone down hill in the last year. I will not be back. I am embarrassed I took my friends here and bragged so much about it from last year. Terrible service. Get new bartenders and hostesses. Maybe smile once in awhile.Was here on Sunday for their boozy brunch trivia. 
I liked the idea of trivia on a Sunday afternoon paired with brunch. The execution of the trivia was great and they offer bottomless mimosas, bloody marys, and domestic beer for $20 a person. Pretty great deal. 
However...the spicy chicken sandwich that I, along with half of our group ordered was easily the most over salted piece of chicken I ever had. Also, the amount of red onion they put on the sandwich was almost comical (way to much). The food was a miss, but the cheap drinks and good trivia made this a fun day.This place is filthy!   Everything was sticky and fruit flies all over the place John Taffer would have a shit fit!  I cannot even imagine since it's underground the rodent situation!  The only reason why I'm giving two stars is it's CHEAP!The "Have a drink on us" ticket was effective. I'd forgotten to check this place out until I was approached by a lady in the park. I didn't acutally use the ticket though, because the beer I wanted wasn't domestic. The waitress told me up front what the drink ticket would get you. 
The atmosphere: Sports bar. Men in suits (happy hour crowd) and TV's with sports everywhere. They have attractive waitresses and they're very nice and efficient.  We joked about the music being 90's rock friendly until a man with a guitar got took a little stage between two flat screen TV's and started to sing. It wouldn't have been bad but it was surprisingly loud and we couldn't have a conversation while he was playing without yelling. 
Happy hour consisted of half price drafts.  On draft they have the basic domestics but they also had Victory Twilight (I'm enjoying that beer very much this week), Harpoon's UFO and another 1 or 2 craft beers that I can't remember.
The food: The menu consists of sandwhiches under $10 and a few entree items for around $12.  I had the mahi mahi sandwich and enjoyed it very much.  It was on a potato roll (I think) which was neither too big nor too small (a pet peave I have with sandwiches). 
The bathrooms:  I'm not a fan of bathroom attendants.  I don't want to pay to use the bathroom because someone handed me a paper towel. But the nice older lady in the women's room was a delight. I would tip her a dollar just for being such a nice lady even if I didn't eat her antacids or use her bath and bodyworks spray.i've been here before with family and friends and we've had a good time. the drinks and music are pretty good. however, friends and i tried coming in for happy hour on a friday night recently and experienced absolutely terrible service. we arrived at 6:30, in plenty of time to make the 7 p.m. happy hour cutoff. we sat and waited to be served and tried ordering drinks at the bar; unfortunately we weren't successful with getting anyone's attention to take our order until 7:02 p.m. it almost felt like it was intentional because we finally ordered our drinks and were told "sorry, happy hour's over." we argued that we'd been there for a half hour waiting for a server or bartender and they basically told us "too bad," so we left. i'll only be back if friends want to go there or there's an event. way too frustrating and not at all worth it!Subterranean and dark, with a fully-stocked bar.  What more do you need?Bar was okay, but was charged $60 on a $22 tab. Server wrote in $38, instead of $8 tip (which is over 20% anyway). Multiple attempts to talk to the manager was met with indifference. Will not go again.Went to Tavern on broad last night at 730 740 pm and they kept everybody in line until 8pm to pay the cover charge for the fight. I have an emaiI thread from the manager specifically saying it was FREE before 8 PM (emailed chain from manager) planned my whole night around that and then they did what they said they wouldn't. It was ridiculous. Really irritated that they went back on the word. Me (and my ten friends) will never go to tavern on broad again. Whether tavern on broad cares if not it made the bar look very unprofessional.