I love this place. The people that work here are super friendly and the food is very good and very fast. I've gotten takeout a half dozen times and eaten in--byo-- twice. Very enjoyable, so glad they came to the neighborhood. Tip: I like really spicy but the hot is almost uneatable. I go medium with a little bit of sriracha.Been here twice so far both times I came for lunch. Both times service was excellent and food was on point. 
Food - I had the duck with curry sauce which is not on the lunch menu but the owner was very accommodating and willing to make the dish for me. I also had the Tom yum soup which came as part of the lunch special. 
Price - the price was average compared to other Thai restaurants. The duck curry lunch special with Tom yum soup cost $10.Never ever disappointed but watch out! Medium is spicy! Real deal here with fresh ingredients and awesome owners and staff.Ok first my likes: i like the fact that I can finally order a tasty pad thai. I also love that they have calamari, and I like that they deliver to me.
Ok dislikes : my pad thai seemed dry, the noodles are sticky and actually resemble a broken noodle type dish (as far as the noodles being broken up. I feel that it's very over priced for such a small portion, I have had delish pad thai with husky portions at 8-10 bucks vs. Their 14.80. I also didn't like that for 14 dollars and change I have to put down my chops sticks and pop the tails off my shrimp that was stiff from over cooking. On to the calamari..i expected tempura style, welp i got these huge dough covered skimpy rings of squid...the dipping sauce was nice though. I told her my address and also spelled it out. Of course the driver calls me to tell me to come out, I get to the door and he's not there. I call him back and he says he is on the 1500 block of MANTON street?? I spelled out and said MARSTON on the phone. So with a 3 dollar delivery charge he is no where near me...so I still was shocked that it was still a 3 dollar delivery charge. Anyways, I'll give this place a try again...only if I sit in and try other dishes.Best Thai restaurant I've found so far in Philly. Cozy (and very pretty with all the flowers) patio for summery outdoor dinner. Incredibly friendly owners, wonderful service.Great food, good service, delivers to surrounding area but most of all it's consistently good in all of these areas. That's something I appreciate.Just ordered from here. At best, it was meh. We orders the spring rolls with shrimp, chicken satay, papaya salad, drunken noodles with beef, and steamed vegetables. All of it was remarkably bland. The texture of the beef was grainy. The steamed veggies had no sauce. Further, we live one block away. It took an hour to arrive and came cold. Don't think we'll be ordering from here again any time soon.Please please please read this review owners of Thai Square. I really want this place to work. It's an adorable family, the space is nice, and god knows Philly desperately needs a decent Thai restaurant. The fact that Mai Thai--one of the most miserable excuses for any kind of food I've ever experienced--gets voted number one in the city should say something. Oh yea, it means that most people have no clue. 
So here goes. 
First courses:
The mixed ap, the stuffed chicken wings, a tom yum soup.
The mixed ap: Some decent things on there but a general oiliness and homogeneous quality to the color, texture, and taste of all four items. Chicken satay was a bit dry and lacked in distinct flavor. And where's the peanut sauce? I'd also make it with chicken thigh rather than breast but then again, this is the US.
Dumplings were probably the best thing on the plate but some improved frying technique would make them even better. Oil is too cool. Are you using a commercial fryer or a non-commercial fryer? The latter doesn't stay hot enough and the item soaks up oil as the oil comes back up to temperature once you start cooking. Experiment until you get your dishes crispy and non-greasy. It's important. 
The rice-paper wrapped shrimp is OK. Kind of a cliché.
The egg roll is not OK. I really don't like it when places fill their rolls with cabbage. This is not a Thai recipe. Don't know where it came from but I've never seen this in Thailand. use black mushroom, rice noodle, a small amount of carrot, lots of ginger, etc. Plenty of good recipes out there that deliver lots of flavor.
The chicken wings: this is one of my favorite Thai dishes and I've had it dozens of different ways. In this case, not bad but once again lacking in flavor, both with respect to the wings and with respect to the dipping sauce. For the latter, are you buying the bottled stuff (sweet, sticky, etc.). If so, stop. Make your own. It's not hard, you only have to do it once a week or so, and you can actually make it taste like something. For the wings themselves, work on the filling so that there is some flavor there: fish sauce, garlic, more onion perhaps, coriander root, ground pork, ground shrimp. Again, some work on the details to get this right.
The tom yum. A very good soup. Hot, subtle, broadly flavored, textures were good, etc. The best I've had in Philly. One niggle: get rid of the cherry tomatoes. They may look good, but they certainly aren't using cherry tomatoes in Thailand, and they just get molten and impossible to eat in the soup. Aside from the fact that they don't add anything to the soup, you bight into them and are immediately burned.
As main dishes:
The fried catfish
Pad Thai
The fried catfish was very good though I think that I would prefer this as I have had it before, namely in clay pot version. It's lighter because the fish isn't fried but just stewed. Still, love the flavors, particularly the whole green peppercorns, one of my favorite ingredients. A quite good dish that I just wish were lighter. So a keeper.
The Pad Thai. This is kind of like Thailand's sushi rice. You decide whether the place is good based on this very simple dish. It's easy to make--fish sauce, tamarind, palm sugar, lime juice, etc. (My Thai's is, by the way, an insult to the intellect and palate).  Actually, this isn't really true. Pad Thai is street food so it doesn't have the snobbery attached to it. But all the more reason to get it right. Oh, and to the person who asked about where the spice was, pad thai is not supposed to be spicy. Sorry, not all Thai food is spicy. Certain dishes are and certain are not. Pad thai is not.
Pad thai is about the perfect balance of flavors and textures largely premised on soft and crunchy (noodles/bean sprouts/peanuts) and sweet and sour (tamarind and lime/palm sugar) and savory and salty (fish sauce). This dish was far more bland than it should be. You want to get these things perfectly. There is no reason not to make pad thai well. I can make it in my kitchen in a matter of minutes and it will sing with flavor. In a restaurant, this should be a no brainer. All the more so because the food costs are non-existent: money in the bank! So get it right. Make it until you know you've arrived at the right recipe and then make it exactly like that from then on. If you don't know how to make it, check out the multiple versions you can find on line. By the way, where were the sprouts?
In sum, we had some decent food here and a pleasant experience. I want this place to work really badly. It would rock my world to have a good Thai restaurant nearby and the people look like they are willing to do the work to make it right. So again, pleaaaaaaaaaaase work out the kinks. None of this is super difficult but you do have to want to do it. If you do, you will be a success. Promise.Needed a neighborhood spot, and our area of Grad Hospital doesn't have that many amazing options. Enter Thai Square. 
I didn't have high expectations, but it's quickly become our go-to when stressed/tired/boiling pasta becomes an inconceivably stressful burden. It helps that it's a family place where the proprietors are super nice (and they used to be involved with Erawan, which in itself is a really solid Philly Thai option).
Their food is pretty darn good. Among the best Pad Thai I've had in Philly - 11 bucks for chicken/pork/veggie, and their spice levels are legitimately hot and not fake/diluted hot, which I'm a fan of. Drunken noodles and eggplant dishes are also consistently good. There are some other things that are pricier and which I haven't sampled (duck, seafood based dishes). I'll stick to my cheapish noodles. 
Closed on Mondays, but open every other day of the week. We're working our way up to the free entree currently with one of their rewards cards, only three more stamps to go.Had dinner here with family from overseas and my cousins in Philly.  As is often the case, the drinks are just cans of soda - but severely overpriced with tourist trap prices.  But, this is for some reason, very much the standard with Thai restaurants.  We walked here and did not have reservations on a Saturday night.  We had a table for 6, ordered the chicken skewers and peanut sauce for appetizer warm ups.  Man, they were phenomenal.  Then came the Pad Thai and Red Curry Chicken and Rice.  The food was great and came in good sized portions.  My only complaint was that it felt a bit claustrophobic.  People kept bumping into me and smacking me in the back of my head with their elbows and purses.  Never mind that for now.  I will be back for the food.When thai square opened I thought to myself - well it's close to home, but don't get too excited bc its never going to be circles- hmmm it's actually JUST like circles except cheaper and closer to me! 
The menu is pretty much a direct rip off of circles, (obviously not a bad thing) and the food quality is just as good and I want to even say the portions are bigger.
My go to is the holy basil supreme - Thai hot, and it's tremendous!  I also like the spring rolls and my boyfriend gets the pad Thai (no egg) with tofu.  He loves it! 
Also any restaurant that has a vegetarian or vegan section on their menu already has a small piece of my heart! 
They have no cork fee, beautiful outside seating, and fast / friendly service. 
Can't wait to go backDelicious neighborhood Thai spot. Better than many other ones in the city, though not the best.Great Thai food, friendly owners, and always fresh. This place has been a fantastic addition to the neighborhood. You can tell that they not only care a lot about their food by using the freshest ingredients, but they also care a lot about taking care of the people in their neighborhood. Our favorite dishes: the Pad Thai and Massaman Curry. Also, get their Tom Yum if you are starting to feel a little tickle in your throat. It hits the spot.The hubby and I dropped by this place for take-out one evening.  We were super excited to finally have a thai place so close to us and were really hoping for great food.
Hubby ordered the crab fried rice.  His review: "Good but not great.  It could've been a larger portion for the price that we paid."  By the way, the amount charged to our credit card was $1 more than what was on the menu.  (We were too lazy to go back, but make sure you check your bill.)
I got the drunken noodles with beef.  Beef was pretty tough; took many chews before I could swallow.  The noodles were slightly overcooked and too soft.  Flavor was fine - just the right amount of spiciness for me (so it's probably on the lighter side).
Overall, we weren't terribly impressed, though we'd probably return because of its close proximity to where we live.  Smile cafe is definitely better.Thai Square just moved into the Grad Hospital neighborhood, and I was very excited to welcome a new Thai place so close to my house. My Thai is a bit further from us and unlike Thai Square, they don't deliver.
My overall experience was dismal. First of all, what restaurant offering take out does not have a working phone line? Strike one...While my husband was there placing the order in person, a woman came in to order the soft-shell crab, which she then paid for. Then, a guy from the kitchen emerges to announce that there is no soft-shell crab. "But I just paid for it!" the rightfully irate customer objected. 
Then, we waited nearly an hour for our delivery to arrive, although we live about one block away! Strike two. We had ordered the T-Sampler platter that included fried curried chicken dumplings, a spring roll, and chicken satay with peanut sauce. Everything was dripping with oil. The fried dumplings were tasty; they were saved by the curry spice. The chicken satay was decent as well.
The coconut soup husband ordered was not coconut soup; it was a red, smelly broth with sliced mushrooms floating in it. He took a few bites and abandoned it. My main course was pad thai with chicken. It had no bite whatsoever. No heat at all!!! That is what Thai food is about! Otherwise, it gets overpowered by sugar and becomes cloying, which is exactly what my pad Thai tasted like: bland, sugary noodles. No heat, no ground peanuts, not even any bean sprouts for a fresh crunch. Husband's shrimp fried rice was the same: "I can taste the MSG," he groused. We tossed our dinner into the garbage.
This was, perhaps, the worst Thai food I have eaten in Philadelphia, ever, and I have sampled many Thai places over the years. If you live South of South and want great, flavorful Thai dishes, make the short trek and go to My Thai.
What baffles and saddens me is the continuing dearth of great eateries in this neighborhood. With the exception of Honeys, we have no good places. It's amateur hour all the way.The Papaya Salad is awesome! This is the best salad so far in all Thai Restaurant I've ever been. You must try there Phad Thai Crab meat too.Great food and good prices, at first I was skeptical but am now a true believer in this great thai restaraunt. Good selection, BYOB, and varying levels of spice on each dish makes this my local neighborhood Thai joint. Staff is friendly and care, I'm a repeat customer and they always remember me when I come in. In fact, I was there very first customer when they opened, I want for lunch and dinner!Great food, solid flavor, reasonably priced and quick delivery. Well worth trying out.Yummy! 
The food is fabulous. 
Try the Crunchy Coconut Shrimp - a generous portion of large shrimp each lightly fried in a slightly sweet and flaky coconut batter with mild sauce on the side. 
My sister had the Holy Basil Supreme and the veggies were fresh and colorful. 
I had the Drunken Noodles with chicken and it was flavorful without being overbearing. 
Overall the food itself was fresh, light and filling. It definitely didn't have that heavy over-sauteed msg-like effect that so many thai places feature these days. 
The ambiance is classy and cozy without being pretentious. The owners are very friendly and it's a family-owned and operated business. 
I certainly applaud them for being open today when the roads outside were covered in 6 inches of snow. I live across the street and saw them out there bright and early shoveling the walk. I appreciate a business that takes itself seriously and is willing to go the extra mile to show its worth to the community. 
This is definitely a welcome addition to the neighborhood.Really fresh and good quality Thai food. Ive had almost every noodle dish on the menu- all are great. The inside of the restaurant is small but cute and they have an outdoor area to sit at too. BYOB is also a plus.Neighborhood gem! I can't believe it took is so long to find a place that is right around the corner.  Never again am I ordering from Circles or My Thai. This small business delivers big food making it quickly becoming a staple in our restaurant rotation. The people who work there are SUPER nice. They have a well decorated outdoor area where you can bring you dog (flowers and lights!). The food is beyond yummy. Get the crispy duckling with basil sauce, all meat no bones! The portions and quality of food is a steal for the prices. The golden spring rolls are so good you don't even notice they are vegetarian.  The pad kra pow and Drunken noodles were solid. The Thai ice tea is real tea not chalky powder.  You will want to keep eating even though you are full! We haven't had dessert yet because we are too full from one app and entrée.Second time I am here, the food is fresh,  the chef has an amazing talent, the prices are good and the Service is outstanding !
I recommend this placeI would've given 4 stars instead because the restaurant offer variety of food selection, the server lady (manager) is so nice and friendly. Foods came out so quick. The only thing that they have to stop add too much salt. My friends came in and everyone had the same comment about how salty our foods we ordered. Since drunken noodle is alway my favorite dish whenever i dine at Thai restaurant and I alway finish my portion with satisfaction. I am not a picky eater but this time I thought i was eating salty noodle instead even the plate look so savory. I ended up giving up eating after two chop stick and drank ton of water with lemon to dilute myself. I think I would come back and give another try since I like how they have so many selection on the menu, lot of nice starter in addition. I will remind the chef to give me drunken instead of salty  noodle.Living in the neighborhood, we often bemoan the lack of solid, inexpensive restaurants that are NOT another gastropub (not that I don't love 'em...). When we saw Thai Square was opening we were nervous - it's a bit off the grid in terms of location and not a lot of info was available. 
Flash forward...no need for the nerves, and our casual byob prayers were answered! Food here is awesome - any negative reviews really surprise me, because all reviews I've heard from friends and neighbors have been glowing. Management is awesome and somehow affiliated with Erwan Thai, which is pretty legit Thai for Philly. We've eaten there 3x now, with guests ranging from serious foodies to suburban parents, and it's been terrific food and service each time. 
Noodle dishes were awesome (have had drunken noodles, and pad see ew), and noodles definitely taste homemade. Penang curry was great as well, but my surprise favorite is actually the golden eggplant! The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the mixed appetizer sampler - too much fried stuff and the dumplings didn't wow. Not bad, but just not my thing. Food is moderately spicy - I love spicy food, and medium was just fine as a comprise between myself and some non-heat loving friends. 
Anyway - totally a neighborhood gem! As of now, lunch specials are also available on weekends which is a nice perk.Thai Square is quickly becoming one of my new favorites. I always end up getting the crunchy coconut shrimp as an appetizer, its soo good. The crispy spicy catfish is really good as well. Very quick and friendly service. Its a real pleasure to stop in.Finally! A decent thai restaurant west of broad street. It's not much on atmosphere but wow....so good. They take spice levels seriously. The seafood Woonsen is great. Some nutty menu options, cheese steak spring rolls l, but it's well worth a try.Wanted to see if this was better than the other two local Thai places we usually go to, and I think it is. Papaya Salad was fresh & crunchy and sauce was great. No complaints from the hubs on his Eggplant/Chicken dish. My mom said her Salmon Basil was yummy too. And my Mango Duck was crispy and tender. Only complaint was on their sticky rice, it was on the dry side and a little hard. But with the sauce it wasn't too bad. All in all very satisfied. Service was great, everyone was very attentive and nice. It's a small place but the ambience was friendly and cozy. Cute outdoor seating too if it weren't so hot out today.Have been here 3x since they opened. Twice for lunch and now for dinner. 1) the folks who run the place are super sweet and friendly. It's obviously a family place-- which I appreciate so much these days. 2) the pad Thai is excellent. Best I've had in years-- flavorful and very hearty. 3) the green curry is AMAZING. I literally cried when I finished it. 4) am sure that things will remain great and only get better (to address some of the concerns listed in other reviews). Just remember-- it's brand new. Working thru kinks happens. The bottom line is: they seem to really care about their food and want to be successful. I know I will help them by continuing to dine there!!!We came here from the suburbs, not sure of what to expect. On a Friday, we got seated outside right away, and were pleasantly surprised. This is a cute little restaurant with amazing food. The service is great, such sweet women and the outside area is relaxing.Try the Thai iced coffee, you will not be disappointed. Every item of food we had was amazing. Typically the duck we have at Thai restaurants is chewy or full of bones, this was neither, just one amazing piece with crispy skin and handmade mango sauce. 
Try this place out!!!!! YOU WIL LOVE IT I PROMISE. Ignore these negative reviews, they can not have ate at the same place I did.I've been here a few times. And overall, this would be my go to Thai place. 
Ive had the drunken noodles with shrimp (hot) and while it was a good spice level, I thought the flavor was lacking. I want to try the pad Thai but worry of lack of flavor in this as well. 
On the other hand, I really like their curries. I've had the green curry and exotic pork (which I consider to have more of a curry taste)  would recommend both. 
Chicken wings, crispy shrimp rolls, and papaya salad really good too.This is a nice addition to the restaurants in the Graduate Hospital area. There are not so many choices and I am happy Thai Square opened in my neighborhood. 
I had their lunch special, drunken noodle with a little side salad. The food was good/average. The restaurant is very cute, and has outdoor seating (huge plus to me!). Service was outstanding.Delicious, cute BYO.  Enjoyed everything so far, especially the pork dumplings (the first time we ordered them, we immediately placed a second order), drunken noodles, crab pad thai, exotic pork.  Loved sitting outside!  Has some traditional Thai-restaurant menu items, as well as many more unique options!  Be cautious on the spice level if you are sensitive to spice :) Worth a try!Some friends and I dined in their outdoor space recently and rather enjoyed our experience -- and that's not just the BYOB wine talking.  The menu is just about the right size to offer a good range of options without being overwhelming, and includes the dishes you would expect to see on a Thai-restaurant menu.  Since my friends are awesome and share, I got to try a mix of dishes, and all were yummy.
The fresh spring rolls were stuffed with fresh veggies.  The papaya salad was refreshing.  The curry chicken dumplings crispy and warm.  The pad thai was better than any I've had in a while.  The red curry was spicy, creamy, and colorful.  The drunken noodles had the right amount of chew.  And, for dessert, the fried banana and ice cream was a fitting coda for the meal.  All the dishes were professionally presented in real dishes with real silverware, which is nice.
The staff is friendly and prompt.  Our water glasses never went empty.  Prices are relatively inexpensive, especially considering the quality.  The outdoor space is clean and comfy and the indoor space looked nice, as well.Great service and food to be found in the clean and quaint thai restaurant.After an all day shopping excursion around the city boo and I had decided the best way to end the night would be takeout and a House of Cards binge. I'd read about Thai Square on Foobooz and am more than happy to give my support to new spots so the takeout that night would be Thai. So we made the trek from CC to 25th. 
The restaurant is small and charming with room for outside seating. We went in looked over the menu and began ordering. We started with the appetizer platter, spring rolls, and I threw on an order of angel wings. Boo went with the crab pad Thai and I went with the crispy duck curry at the recommendation of the owner. The bill was over $50 which was a bit surprising bit whatev we got a lot. 
We got home unpacked everything, I threw on my Puma jumpsuit and was ready to feast. The appetizer platter was pretty good but not very hot. There was really nothing very memorable. Then I moved to the angel wings. Chicken wings stuffed with crab and chicken.... They were awkward at best and kinda off putting. Not a good flavor at all. I'm actually getting a bit skeeved out thinking about them now. 
My curry was on the bland side and the the duck was surprisingly dry. The pad Thai was pretty flavorless as well, we were both left pretty disappointed. We went when they were still new so hopefully things will improve but my first impression was that it was at the same quality level as some bodega style Chinese restaurants but at Circles prices. 
I do want to mention the service was extremely friendly and helpful.This review is from a takeout experience.
- Exotic pork dish was described more like a stir fry entree, but it was more like a curry. 
- Chicken wings were alright, there were a couple pieces with broken bones 
- Pad Thai lacked some flavor and we didn't get any limes to go with it
- Tulip dumplings were good
I'm not sure if there are better options in the same area, but I think Erawan had better food if you were to choose between the two. It's a nice residential restaurant for the area though. Parking can be tough if you're driving here.This restaurant is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. I tend to judge a Thai restaurant by their green papaya salad. If they can prepare this well, everything else should fall into place. Theirs is sweet, slightly spicy, tangy, and crunchy. It hit all of the essential notes and then some. We also enjoyed the pad kra pow and the massaman curry. 
Everyone was extremely nice and service was warm and attentive without being pushy. I will definitely return here.We have only ordered take out so far but it was quick and really good. Good Thai food is SO hard to find in Philadelphia but this is a great addition.Philly food, I have missed you so much. A good friend wanted to bring us to her "favorite thai food place", so four of us wandered over on a late Friday evening. The restaurant is a little out of the way, but seems like a great neighborhood gem. The service was stellar (the waitstaff seemed to recognize my friend and her boyfriend), and everything was cooked to perfection. Probably some of the best drunken noodles I've ever had (and spice levels are on point!), and others at my table had the same to say about the pad thai. Prices were so affordable too, for the most delicious and filling welcome-back-to-Philly meal I could ask for.Favorite Thai place in the city; the owner is fantastic and so friendly; we usually get takeout but ate in (BYOB) there recently and it was just as good.  Service is fast and food is excellent;
Favorites are drunken noodle with chicken; crab meat fried rice is AMAZING; the fresh shrimp spring rolls are so healthy and fresh; my boyfriend loves the wonton soup and they will make him Rad Na Noodles with pork (not listed on the menu) which he loves.
Compared to Erwan and Circles this place has fast quick service and is always reliable; nice hidden gem in the Grad Hospital neighborhood!We came here one night after reading the reviews on yelp. It was not that busy on a weeknight so we were able to get a table right away. 
Fantastic food! I have the Tom yum soup and vegetable red curry. My bf got a chicken and broccoli dish that he really liked. 
The people were friendly and even gave us a takeout menu on our way out which came in handy because we have ordered takeout from them a few times since! 
I felt like we always struggled finding good Thai food close by, so glad we found this place !!!!Fantastic! Walked in for lunch and had a wonderful meal. My lovely partner had salmon with curry sauce and I had chicken pad Thai. It was truly spectacular. Even the won ton soup was excellent.  In fact, it was so good we came back for takeout at dinner.  I had the chicken pad see-ew and my girlfriend had chicken Penang curry, along with chicken satay, and the T-sampler, which was a mix of spring rolls, satay, and dumplings...too much! This is some damned good Thai.the best thai restaurant in the philly area! I think they have the best curry than other thai restaurants! my friend and I got the panang curry with tofu and vegetables and the massaman curry withh shrimp. Portions are big and it was so good!Love this restaurant... friendly owners and staff, fast delivery, and amazing food. Best Thai restaurant in Philly hands down!I am so glad they opened it so close to us. They are a very good take out place. Food is very good. Love their green curry chicken. Fast delivery and the staff is nice. Have to go one of this day for a sit down meal.Found three pieces of hair in my pad Thai...THREE!!!! And it's such a shame, I've ordered from and eaten here a few times, the food really is good and the people are so sweet. Oh well.Best thing to happen to christian street in a long time! Authentic. Delicious. Immaculate. Intimate. Polite. 5 Stars for sure!Great all around.  I pick-up from the regularly, and it's always excellent.  They're very quick and friendly.  My personal favorites are the beef drunken noodle, thai wings and golden spring rolls -- but everything else I've tried has been impressive too.I have always held the belief that if a Thai restaurant has great Pad Thai it's a good indication of how the rest of the food will be.  I ordered the " Ultimate" Pad Thai. I was so excited about it. However, it was nothing more then an "Ultimate" disappointment.  The dish had no flavor whatsoever.  There was very little in the way of ground peanuts.  There were only 3 small pieces of Tofu and I cannot recall if there were even any bean sprouts. 
I went back again with the hope maybe there was another dish that may help to salvage my opinion of the place. I really want to like this place because it's in my neighborhood. I ordered the Drunken Noodle. Sadly it also had no flavor.  The noodles were bloated and bland.  The dish just had no depth of flavor.  I guess there is still truth to my belief that if a Thai restaurant has an unimpressive Pad Thai dish, then I can expect the same of other dishes.  I will end on a positive note. The mango sticky rice is fantastic and the service is also very good.Tried a variety of dishes for delivery on a weeknight. Delivery was prompt and the order was correct. 
Shrimp pad Thai-a bit dry and taste was about average. 
Drunken noodles-nice and chewy noodles, rich flavors. 
Red curry-spicy but otherwise did not stand out
Overall decent but nothing special. Will order from somewhere else next time though I don't regret trying it!I live in the area so I decided to check this place out a few months ago. I first ordered the Crab Pad Thai which was delicious. I came back today to get a quick dinner and got the Red Curry with chicken. It was probably one of the best things I have ever eaten in my life. I would definitely recommend this place if you like Thai.
I have never eaten there but it seems pretty easy to get a table. They have a really cute outdoor patio in the front and it is BYOB. The employees are also super friendly and helpful. Will definitely return!Really good basic Thai food - the pad thai was standard and what you would expect/hope for.  The crispy duckling (red curry sauce) was delicious - meaty and flavorful.  The crunchy coconut shrimp and curry chicken dumplings were excellent.  Delivery was quick.  Will definitely order from here again.  Welcome to the neighborhood.Great Thai spot!! They offer indoor and outdoor seating along with delicious food and great lunch specials. Do not look over this restaurant!Small place in a cool little neighborhood. 
Came for lunch with a group of 12 on a Sunday afternoon and were immediately able to get seated. The man working there seemed very friendly and helpful.
I don't know what happened to my dish, but it was awful....literally the noodles were chopped into little pieces. (Pictured) (Drunken Noodle). The flavor was off and would never get again. One of the worst I ever had.
Tried my friend's penang curry and was pretty good. So based off of her meal I would potentially try this place again.
Pros: Price! Cheap!
Easy parking
Unique neighborhood
Cons:
Drunken Noodles :(My go-to Thai in the neighborhood. High quality, fresh ingredients with fast delivery and friendly service. What more do you need?Ordered delivery tonight. Food was pretty good. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to Grad Hospital locals and I'm excited to check out the restaurant in-person next time.We went while we were hungry and bored of all surrounding restaurant's. This took out us on surprise. Very good food and nice ambience.Came here with a date. It was a perfect romantic spot. It's also BYO, and my date brought wine. I love Thai food -- I am not picky with it at all, so everything here was great. The chicken satay appetizer, panang curry (chicken), and the crispy duckling (with mango) were all delicious. The chicken satay tasted a bit dry, but whatever, I'm not picky :) The panang curry was great (mildly spicy), and the duck was perfectly tender and juicy. 
The place is tiny and cozy, and it's perfect for dates. The exterior of the place, with the name sign and the lights, was really cute. Service was very friendly (one server was beaming at us the entire time, probably thinking, "Oh, what a cute couple!!"). We came on Tuesday night, so it was not crowded at all. We had the place pretty much to ourselves nearly the whole time. It seemed pretty popular for pick-ups though, quite a few people came in to pick up food.Just ordered from here. At best, it was meh. We orders the spring rolls with shrimp, chicken satay, papaya salad, drunken noodles with beef, and steamed vegetables. All of it was remarkably bland. The texture of the beef was grainy. The steamed veggies had no sauce. Don't think we'll be ordering from here again any time soon. Further, we live one block away. It took an hour to arrive and came cold.It has been a long time since I was in the Gray's Ferry neighborhood, and it was good to be back.  I had heard rumors about a Thai house that was opened at 25th & Christian serving up good and relatively authentic Thai cuisine out of a small storefront.  So, after a great massage @ V&V over at 11th and Washington, I headed west and found Thai Square sitting right on the corner.  
Parking can be an issue in these parts, but I was lucky to find a spot behind the restaurant on one of those super narrow backstreets. Parallel parking requires the front tire to go over the opposite curb to get the right angle for backing. Lucky my city skills had not abandoned me and I slid the chariot right into the space like a pro. So, I was feeling pretty good even before walking in. 
The dining room was small, but clean, with the entire southern wall in glass overlooking a simple but attractive outdoor seating area.  The Madame moved toward us with a warm welcoming smile.  Handing us the menus, she suggested the specials and asked for our drink order.  The Ginger Tea she brought us a few moments later was excellent, with a nice ginger bite and honey background.  Our water was complemented by a small dish of squeezed lime juice and a small spoon.  Another great notion that brought the agua to life.  That was a first for me. Much better infused that a mere wedgely squeeze. 
We were on a roll and the anticipation of what was to come grew.  While the Calamari was a small disappointment in that all the rings were large and coated in a hard jacket rather than a softer finish, the dipping sauce was good enough to demand we finish it with a spoon after the squid was gone. 
Then we received our Tamarind Duck and Shrimp Pad Thai.  
The Duck was nearly perfect.  Crisp skin.  Fully cooked and tender meat.  Tamarind Sauce that was sweetly tart and mild citrus finish, in a sultry dark red amber demi-glaze.  It was so good, I stuck my finger in it to suck it off. This was a treasure too special to waste a drop. 
The Pad Thai was also very good; a full plate complemented with ground Peanut and fresh Sprouts.  It was a strong straight man to the wild machinations of the Duck.  
This was one of those meals that I didn't want to end.  I strung it out as long as possible with rice to absorb all the outrageous moisture on the platter, and another glass of water with lime to carry it all the way down.  
Yes. I took the rest home to savor tonight.
4.5 Stars with a Bullet!Fantastic Thai food and wonderful service! They have true sticky rice (one of my favorite things!), I also love their Panang and Masaman curry dishes. The appetizer platter has a little bit of everything and it's perfect for sharing with two of each item. I order from here at least twice a month and the food and service is always consistent. They are always so friendly when we stop to pick up and order over the phone (yes, over the phone!). They also have a really great outdoor seating area with string lights, its a great place to BYOB and enjoy some fantastic food!In a prior review, I'd stated there are better choices for Thai, and this is one that I had in mind.  The food is consistently good, and portions are large.  But what sets this place apart for me is the homestyle atmosphere, and the family who runs the place seems really involved with every aspect of the operation.  The matriarch is not above a little friendly kidding as well!  Great service, but not servile, if you know what I mean....It's great to see a new business doing well in such a residential neighborhood! I've never eaten in the restaurant, I've only ever done take out but the food is great. Vegetarian drunken noodle is to die for-and super spicy! I also love the steamed dumplings! Certainly one of my new go to spots for a calm night in!Delivery order came sooner than expected and the golden pouches were ok. My pad Thai might give some kasha and bowties a run for the money in the flavor department as it was very disappointing. Husband's pork drunken noodles came with chicken and were also bland.Good 
The server was super friendly and seemed to know many of the neighborhood residents. 
The food was delish. 
Calamari was planning, but my panang curry was awesome 
Bad
Like most Philly byob restaurants, there aren't a lot of tables and it gets crowded quick. 
My Thai iced tea came pre stirred. 
Otherwise 
Good spot for a date when you want to be able to have a conversation and share food. However, it's probably better to double date or bring friends to share bottles of wine with.We're ordering from here tonight for the second time. It's so great to have more options in this neighborhood (My Thai is a little pricy for a regular place) and we loved it. 
We started with the combo appetizer platter, which I would not get again. Everything was deep fried (I expected the dumplings to be pan fried) and kinda greasy. The chicken satay and shrimp looked better than the dumplings, but I don't eat meat so didn't get to try them. 
We also got the drunken noodles and shrimp pineapple rice. Seasoning on both was great. I'm not the expert in Thai cuisine, but the main dishes were some of the best I've had. 
And I cannot emphasize enough how happy we are to have them in the neighborhood.Having lunch with my family in this place. Love the atmosphere around here and the waitress really nice and friendly, especially the owner Laddie. We orders crispy duck Curry which is really amazing and Pad Sew Ew. Actually my friend suggested me to order Andaman Seafood Curry but unfortunately they didn't serve that anymore. Really love this place and definitely will come back.Excellent curries authentically prepared . Great outdoor sitting area. Excellent drinker noodle dishBest Thai I've had in Philadelphia.  Cute little interior but I've only gotten takeout. Prices here are fair. Service is very warm and friendly. Most importantly, the food is excellent and they don't skimp. Circles should take a break from building their empire and take some notes from Thai Square.Was happy to see this Thai restaurant open in my grad hospital neighborhood. I've only tried a handful of dishes, but based on those I've had (Pad see ew, drunken noodles, and veggie delight) I was satisfied. Its not amazing, but they offer good, solid Thai food at reasonable prices. One exception, though, is their Tom Yum Soup. It is PHENOMENAL, hands down the best I've had in Philly. Do yourself a favor and give this little neighborhood gem a try, its worth it.Horrible food, super greasy spring rolls, pad Thai made with what seemed like canned vegetables, ordered xtra spicy but was not spicy at all, noodles gooey and stuck together. Delivery was fast and prices were ok but who cares? Do not recommend.Some of the best ---SIMPLE thai food I've had to date in Philadelphia.  To me it is significantly better than Circles, which has gone downhill of late.  I stuck with the familiar pad thai--while it wasn't off-the -wall good, especially the sauce--it was solid--fresh and fragrant, if not as visually appealing as other pad thais I've had with a more vibrant tamarind based sauce.  I got take out which could be the reason for this--didn't look as visually appealing once I got it home.  Veggies in the pad thai could be improved--although I was surprised to note the green beans did not seem to be the frozen kind, but fresh.  I would have liked to see some broccoli and carrot--baby corns--are not in my mind --a 'real' veggie:)  Also to note, they are extremely friendly, which I really appreciate.  I will go back.The service really lacks here but everything else really makes up for it. The food and atmosphere and both stellar and it's BYOB. When the weather is nice, they open up
If you like curry puffs, try their chicken curry dumplings- they are very similar but a bit crispier/ more flavorful. Other than that- their curries and Prik Khing are outstanding.Lovely, cozy restaurant tucked in residential area.  Small outdoor eating area option a plus.  Tasty food, spiced to Americans comfort levels.  Menu informs re: spicier options.  Pictures on menu help customers understand what they're ordering - reminiscent of restaurants in Asia.  Attentive service.  BYOB (if you care) plus fun Thai-inspired beverages to try.  All this plus take-out/delivery available.  This is why living in a multicultural area is so wonderful!Food's really good! A bit slow to arrive, though, so bring good company and enough wine (or beer). The staff is very friendly and appreciative of patience. It's worth the wait- totally made with love (spicy love). As far as seating goes, it's small so reserve on weekends. Cheers!Good service, mediocre food
This is a small spot in Graduate hospital, cool area of town, but street parking is a pain to find. 
Came with a group for dinner on a weeknight and we were seated right away. 
The restaurant is clean and small and our sever greeted us right away. She was very friendly and answered a few questions we had about the menu in a really helpful way. 
We ordered Drunken Noodles, Cashew Chicken and Chicken with Peanut Sauce.
The food came about quickly and was freshly made and piping hot, but the flavor was way off. Not sure if it was a fluke, but the drunken noodles had a very tomatoey tasting sauce. They were red and almost like an Italian pasta dish. 
The chicken in the cashew chicken and the peanut sauce was very dry and chewy. The flavor of the peanut sauce was ok, peanuty and a little spicy, but the cashew chicken had a chicken broth like sauce coating the dish. 
I'm not sure if these dishes just aren't their forte or if it was just a bad night, but don't think I'd returnFantastic, best Thai I have had in Philly in 10 years of living here.  Food presentation was gorgeous and backed up with deliciousness.Ordered delivery via GrubHub at 9:07pm on a Sunday night. Had Thai food in-hand on my couch by 9:32pm. This stat alone sets Thai Square above the rest in my humble, delivery-addicted opinion. More after the meal.... omnomnomnomnom..My favorite Thai place in the city! I've been going here since it opened. The food has only gotten better! I've tried many things on the menu but the stand-outs and our go-to order is the drunken noodles with chicken and the Penang curry with shrimp. The portions are generous, the ingredients are fresh, and it is all soooo delicious. You can pick your spice level; we get the curry hot and best believe, it really is so pick your spice level carefully! The green curry is another favorite. You can't go wrong with their dumplings, spring rolls, or calamari either. I usually order pick-up but it's a cute place with an outside dining area as well. Highly recommend!I really love this place! The prices are reasonable, the portions are big, and the food is authentic! I got the Thai curry with shrimp, and it was so good! Lots of shrimp and veggies. I even had enough leftover to take home. The services was prompt, and the server was kind enough. Very high ratings for the place, wish I'd found it before I moved to Grad Hospital. Hands down the best Thai I've had since moving to Philly.