- really good "lemongrass soup"--ask for it extra spicy with extra mushrooms.  it's a great appetizer for $2.70--they cook it for you on the spot instead of having a giant old pot of it sitting around.
- i'm not the biggest fan of their basil chicken or red curry, but they're flavorful enough if you've got a hankering for thai food and need something quick
- the $6 chef's table deal gives you the same amount of food or more than what erawan or thai chef noodle gives you for one of their $12 dishes.Hey I love this place - I'm vegan and you have to be extremely specific when ordering - all the curries have fish sauce and actually they make pretty much everything w fish sauce so you have to speak up !!!  i get the spicy basil dish w tofu (ask for no fish sauce) and white rice.  but it's a great menu and quiet atmosphere.  I also love the take away outpost in cc!This is an okay place with decent lunch specials but nothing amazing.  The Pad See Ew is all right but the curry is a bit watery although they can make it very spicy.  Service is very efficient and you can dine in, which is a perk.  Stop in if you want an inexpensive Thai lunch.  For dinner, however, I would head elsewhere, namely Nadia or Thai Orchid.This has been a regular go to Thai place for me at Penn.  Their lunch specials are a great deal and the service is quick. But my last few experiences have been pretty eh.  The chicken seems to be just added to the sauce (I had green curry this week), so it just tastes like bland chicken, it absorbs none of the taste.  Sometimes they hit the mark, like with their lemon grass soup, but I would call this a good budget lunch.Basically only come here when I need my Drunken Noodle fix, and it definitely satisfies that craving. My friend also really enjoyed her Pad See Ew so I'd say do a good job with their broad noodle dishes.
I also decided by chance to visit them during UCity Dining Days. My friend had one of their curries and she loved that, but I had a tilapia with a strange grainy texture and odd sauce. So lesson learned: stick to the classic Thai dishes and you won't be disappointed.I visit Thai Singha every now and again for a bargain lunch. I think they charge like $8 for 3 courses at lunch (soup, app, main). The food is decent and it's never really that crowded -- some other Thai places in U. City (like Lemon Grass) can get jammed. The servers aren't effusively nice, but what do you want for $8? 
Last time I was there, I ordered my entree and asked if they could make it spicy. They asked how hot, on a scale of one to five, I wanted it. I said, "4," and the server gave me an incredulous look. She said, "Are you sure? That is pretty hot." I, out of character, backed down to three stars. I regret it to this day... Don't let them talk you out of ordering something spicy if you like hot food!I've been to Thai Singha House a few times now for lunch.  My coworker loves going here for their lunch special.  Soup, appetizer and entree for $7.95 that has you full enough to get food coma at your desk.  
I usually get the coconut soup with chicken.  It's not bad and a good enough portion to start you off.  The appetizers are okay.  I think I've tried mostly all of them.  They are really small portions.  For entree, I get the pad Thai with chicken.  It's hit or miss sometimes.  Some days it is overly sweet; other days it satisfies my craving.  The entree portion is too much for me to eat so I get half of it boxed up for later.  
All in all, it's decent for a lunch out and a pretty good deal.haven't been to the 'restaurant' in a long time, so, it was nice going with a couple friends after church service.
Sundays:  11a - 2:30 pm They have Sunday Brunch for $9.99 - you cannot go wrong. You get a selection of 3 types of soup: Won ton, Shrimp Lemon Grass or Mixed Vegetable, An Appetizer: House salad, spring Rolls, Mee Pu- which is angel hair noodles with lime dressing, topped with crab meat and ground peanuts or Chicken Satay and the Main Course: Chicken Curry, Shrimp Pad Thai, Stir-Fried Mixed Vegetables. 
Two of us had the Shrimp Lemon Grass soup, which was flavorful, Mee Pu- which was interesting in texture and flavor and Shrimp Pad Thai, which I usually get from Thai Singha House To Go....It was falvorful, chocked with veggies, jumbo shrimp and thin rice noodles. yummy. My other friend seemed to enjoy her's as well, although she added soy sauce to her Won ton soup, but, she does seem to get alittle soy sauce happy!
Service was good. Quick and it was a lunchtime, church crowd....
Open Everyday for Lunch and Dinner. It's a convenient location. If you are driving park on Market street, the $ put in meters last long per the hostess....
i think the food tastes good and authentic. The prices are reasonable if you go for brunch or lunch.....My boyfriend and I ordered take-out...not great, especially for the price. Two entrees and an order of chicken wontons was almost $40. Both entrees had shrimp and chicken. The shrimp was overcooked and the chicken was dry, but there wasn't much of either in the dishes. The chicken wontons were good, but not worth the price of $1/wonton (about $6 for an order). I have absolutely no interest in visiting this restaurant again.I'm from Bangkok, Thailand, and I'd say this is so far the best Thai place around UPenn. Their main competitor is Pattaya across the street. Though the two places are quite close in quality, Thai Singha offers a few dishes that taste more authentic, and their price is slightly lower. Thai Singha is also run by an American-Thai owner who is very friendly and most their staff are Thai, while Pattaya is owned by an American guy.
My usual dish Pad Kee Mao (or Drunken Noodles.) If you like spicy, try it with 3 star, and that's plenty spicy already, or if you really can handle it, 4 star. (Yes, if I haven't explained it, they have a star rating system for how much spicy you want your dish prepared.)
My favorite dish has to be Yen Ta Four. This is a traditional Thai noodle soup that's not so easy to find. I was surprised to find it here. It's pre-seasoned to be sweet and spicy. I have this at 3 star level as well.
There's a cocktail I'd recommend. I don't remember the name, but it's the Thai Ice Tea with Bailey's. Great combination. Gotta try it out.PAD Thai: 5 stars
Service and friendliness of waitresses: 0 stars
The food here is TOP notch. It's great for groups. Never too packed. I like the prices. Sometimes the service can be a little mehhhAfter a few years of being away after graduation, I dragged my boyfriend here. I of course ordered the drunken noodles with beef. He ordered the lunch special with won ton soup, crab dumplings, and the pad thai with shrimp.
The drunken noodles did not disappoint. My boyfriend also said he liked his pad thai. The crab dumplings were very tiny and there were only 2 (but this is how I remembered them to be as well). The service was typical Asian-I-don't-care-to-be-overly-friendly-just-doing-my-job.
Would of course come back for the drunken noodles!I've been here about half a dozen times and have never been disappointed. The food and service are top notch.
The seating is a bit tight, so I've overheard a lot of stupid conversations at Thai Singha, including one where some Penn girl hypothesized the Market El was named that because it is shaped like an "L". Sheesh.Yeah, it was okay. I've been here a couple times in the last few years and have never felt like going back until a friend wanted to. I've never gotten anything out of the ordinary here (the usual stir-fried basil dish or curry dish, etc.) and it's always tasted.. ordinary.
Came here last week with friends for the lunch special. The soup was meh, the fried tofu was good, and my chicken basil rice dish was alright. Everyone was full but no one had any compliments about the place. They also brought out one guy's entree about 10 minutes before everyone else's..
There's a lot of Thai places in the area, so I'd probably not go back again.The food is awesome!!  The best Thai restaurant in University City... Not as clean as I'd like and the service sucks but if you can get past these shortcomings, the food is really really good.  Pan-fried noodles don't get any better than this and we've tried many other places.   If it wasn't for the service and cleanliness, I would have given this place 5 stars.  It's hard for me to give a lower score because the food is so good.I've definitely had better pad thai (in terms of the ingredients/portion size), but the pad se ew is actually pretty good as is the drunken noodle dish. Nothing too special about this place, but it's quieter and the restaurant decor is nice.Great Food, Great Service!  Personally, I think they're better than Pattaya down the street.  Their thai Tea is delicious definitely must order!There are two thai places in university city...Singha and Lemon Grass ...I prefer the latter...the food was mediocre at best when the pad thai  noodles are in a huge clump un stir fried ...enuff saidAwesome, awesome, awesome. A coworker took some of us here today, and at first I was skeptical. Obviously I was pleasantly surprised!
Their red curry lunch special was the perfect size, the perfect price, and the perfect amount of spicy. While I prefer my curry thicker, it was sooo good that I was practically drinking the curry when I ran out of rice. Speaking of which, that's why I gave it 4 stars...I ran out of rice too quickly! :(
Service is fast too. We were in and out of there in 30 minutes. Granted, the place was close to empty at 1pm on a Friday, but that works for a quick lunch break.Great alternative to Pattaya Grill across the street. I loved the Penang Curry - good portion size, very filling. I'm not up on my Thai cuisine, but I thought it was quite tasty.meh... it was ok.. the pad thai was terrible.. however the fried tofu app was delish.. the soup.. umm I forget the name but its the only veggie one they have for the mid day special ( 10.95) the prices for the 3 course specials are very cheap... and they also have very cheap bottles of wine.. which we drank with no problem.. theres a full bar which is nice.. and I don't drink beer but they do have a good selection of asian beers.. 
I'm grossed out by the fact that the cups are turned up on the table the entire time... and our cups were not clean.. they had smudge marks all over them
YUCK
and how the hell does a thai restaurant NOT have fresh spring rolls..WTF? 
and why is alcohol taxed @ 10% there? is that new or are they just trying to screw you over.. man.. if it wasn't for that delicious crispy tofu app & awesome soup I'd give them 2 starsThis restaurant is pretty good. My boyfriend (who never had Thai food before) and I ate here and had vegetable spring rolls, shrimp pad thai, and panang curry with chicken. He even thought it was very tasty. I would have liked a little more spice but we picked things that weren't too spicy for his sake. It is very convenient for university students (and is right behind the Radian), and much better than Pattaya Grill which is catty corner. The service was speedy although a little rushed. Nevertheless, it was friendly and an overall good experience, at a very reasonable price. I would like to come back and try lunch!Lame! I'm talking Night Court in it's 5th season laaaaaaaame! (booger points if you know who I'm quoting there).
I resisted posting a review after my first experience here to make sure it wasn't a fluke. It wasn't. 
I had pad thai the first time and it was below par. This time I had a curry and a lemon grass veggie soup. The soup was greasy and not spicy and had a very weird after-taste for me. And since when is soup greasy? Gross. It was served sloppily as well, my bowl all full of oily soup splashings on the edges like I was at some cafeteria. The curry was just alright. Also, the service was inattentive and seemed uncaring. 
The place had kind of a dingy-we-don't-feel-like-updating-our-look rather than funky second-hand look to it. This place has twice been a disappointment to me and I won't be back.
Try any of the other Thai or Indian or Sushi places that are right next door, I think you'll probably have a better experience. On the upside, it seemed like they are good at serving groups...though I can't say  much for what they are serving them.I've been having a pad thai craving lately, but I've been unwilling to shell out the dough for Philly Thai restaurants' prices (I came from the Boston area, where Thai restaurants are abundant and cheap to target the college kids). Yesterday, I finally settled down to address my craving.
First surprise, the servers actually speak Thai! This is the first Thai restaurant I've been to in Boston or Philly where the staff was not yelling Cantonese back and forth to each other. From this moment, I had high hopes for this restaurant.
Second surprise, the food was actually pretty good. My table split the pad thai and the duck curry. We wolfed down all our food, and I was happy that I satisfied my pad thai craving.
Why the three stars? I don't know...there was just something missing in the food. The pad thai was missing that certain sweetness and the curry seemed dulled down. 
Overall though, I would recommend this restaurant if you were in the area and looking for someplace to eat.My introduction to Thai food began at Thai Singha House. The saying that first impressions last forever definitely applies here because I am not addicted to Thai food. The chicken skewers are delicious. Juicy, tender and perfectly marinated.
Most of the entrees are reasonably priced so you shouldn't limit your adventurousness. I will warn you that the portions are small but they are delicious. Another of my favorites is the Cashew and Shrimp.
The restaurants decoration is enjoyable as well, with very exotic looking artifacts that are probably from Thailand. I give this place 4 stars.As a vegan, I try to support places that are not wholly vegetarian, but that made the effort to put a vegetarian section on their menu, to show them that it's worth keeping. Thai Singha House does indeed have a section of their menu that reads vegetarian, but, unfortunately, their definition of vegetarian is different from mine.
All of the vegetarian curries, I was fortunately informed upon asking, do indeed contain fish sauce, which is an ingredient in the curry itself, and cannot be omitted.
My server suggested the pad thai as a fish-free vegetarian alternative, which I ordered, holding the egg. When it arrived, there appeared to be tofu in there and no egg, which was a good sign. But after a few blind, trusting bites I quickly realized that there was also chicken or pork mixed in as well. My server graciously took it back and honored my request for a house salad, of which I wasn't charged.
I don't blame Thai Singha House for not understanding the definition of vegetarian (sadly, I know a few "vegetarians" who just don't eat red meat) although there are non-vegetarian Thai restaurants that get it and get it right, like Tamarind on South Street. 
So, it's up to us as consumers to ask questions beforehand if we're not totally sure. And this is probably wise at any place where there is an ethnic and language barrier (On a related note, don't be fooled into thinking you can get vegan pho in Philly. It does not exist. You're eating beef broth or non-pho water broth, but not pho made with vegetable stock.)The food here was okay. I was eating more from my girlfriends plate than my own. She had strawberry crispy duck which was good. I had curry which wasnt good at all. I know what to order next time im here if i decide to go back (Duck!)  lol. The customer service wasnt up to par. It got kind of crowded and we had to basically ask for the check by going up to the counter. Food was reasonably priced for a meal. $35 for the two of us.I ate at Thai Singha House several times, and each time was solid; nothing memorable or exemplary, but nothing particularly offensive, either. The Pad Thai and Drunken Noodles were fairly decent and were portioned fairly. The Cashew Chicken and Shrimp was more like a Chinese takeout dish, but was fine. Again, nothing was outstanding, but everything tasted okay. This is a solid Thai option if you are in the area and/or on a budget, aka a college student living nearby, but not some place that I would go out of my way to dine at.this place isn't the most well-designed, but it has a cozy feel to it and the food makes up for the lack of aesthetics.
i've been here a few times, and i always order the pad see ew or the chicken red curry. i'm a sucker for spicy dishes, and thai singha house does a decent job of making the dishes spicy enough to please my taste buds.
the service is on point and efficient. it's nice to be able to say that there's a sit-down restaurant in west philly that actually has decent prices and serves food i can enjoy eating.This reastaurant is totally my fav. place.I have been to thisreataurant so many time. I love yen ta 4, lucky chicken, pad thai shrimp and ch-satae. All of them are my favorite. The servive is good I would recomended!Thai Singha House is like a bowl of Hot and Sour soup...  Sometimes it's amazing on the taste buds, other times it reeks havoc on the taste buds.  Stick to the classics - Pad Thai, Chicken and Basil, Coconut Soup - and you'll be fine.  They offer such a large variety of entrees, soups, and appetizers that it's no wonder they have such peaks and troughs in the quality and consistency of their food.  I also recommend their Thai Ice Tea - it's great!"OK" is howI would describe this place.  Nothing special, but not terrible either.  I've gotten both vegetarian early-bird specials: the stir fried mixed vegetables and the vegetable pad thai.  I do enjoy the silver noodle soup.
It's all edible and decent, but nothing worth making a special trip for.Menu is super-similar to the Pattaya Grill across the way.
Much darker decor here, with deep red/brown carpet and drapes, dark chairs, and a tight entryway with little space to wait - a majority of the space is taken up with tables on the far side. There's a good pad see ew here, and the curries are a bit on the spicy side.
The pad thai isn't bad here, as are most of the noodle dishes. I just feel more comfortable in the light-wood dining area of Pattaya, though, for some reason.Wonderful Thai restaurant in University City.  If you have a craving for rose wine and pad thai, some lemongrass soup perhaps, and most importantly fast service and affordable dinner, then this is your place.  Its great for a romantic dinner or for a large group.  Although the decor is circa your grandmother's attic.  The smell inside really hits your nostrils too, but I highly recommend it, as the food is yummy and the service fast.Why is it hard to find fantastic Thai food in Philadelphia? We both had to be in UCity for the day, and we agreed to eat out there for dinner. Our first choice was PACKED and we were in no condition to wait forever to sit, so we walked towards 40th St and Thai Singha House was one of the first places we passed that seemed viable - we'd heard good things about their CC to-go location.
They were busy, but not packed and were able to seat us immediately. And then the waiting game began. Either they did not have enough staff that night, or they don't know how to handle a nearly full restaurant. It took awhile to get water, and we were ready to order at that point. My fiance ordered the special seafood soup, I got their vegetable soup, and we decided to share one of their chicken curries - bad idea. The soups were teeny tiny and nothing to talk about. The curry serving size? About the same as the f-ing soup! At least it came with a scoop of rice, and some cabbage, but the chicken was overcooked and on the tough side. It really wasn't worth the cost and therefore we opted to forget ordering more mediocre food. We were ready to get out of there...except it took forever to flag down someone to ask for the check, and then to get them to take our check/credit card to process it! We were thrilled to get out of there and on our way home to much better food to satisfy our stomachs.Bland food, small portions compared to similar places like Beijing on Spruce. Interior was dark and kind of unwelcoming. Plus for nice staff
Oh and also, contrary to what someone said it's not a BYO..My father in law and I eat here
We order wild pig oh man it test so  good
The price little bit expensive but it ok  we eat one a while go there.I am not a Thai food expert, BUT I have been to several Thai restaurants and ONLY ever order the Spicy Bamboo Shoot w/ Chicken. Thai Singha house has mastered the spicy, but it has NO flavor. Pattaya serves a far superior version, one that is spicy AND flavorful. I also ordered crispy chicken wontons which were terrible. It is greasy, overcooked with very little filling. I should have just gone up the block.Ordered the stir-fry mixed vegetables with rice. Pretty boring selection on my part, but food tasted good.  Also tried the house red wine- which was okay, definitely could have been better.
I am looking forward to coming back here to try the pad thai, as I've heard good things!  
The decor is on the older side, and from the outside this place looks somewhat run-down, but I was pleasantly surprised to find the food to be good! I will come back again, but probably only for take out- as the restaurant itself (run-down) isn't a place I would bring friends.Not bad, not bad at all. I was a little confused when I first walked in because the extremely dark decor and beer steins (am I really remembering that correctly) made me wonder if maybe I was going to have German food instead of Thai.
Now I may be a bit picky about Thai food these days since I recently returned from a vacation in Thailand, and a few months ago I might have thought this place was much better. But, nothing on the menu was all that challenging or inspiring. I settled on the Green Curry, which was fairly tasty. It was labeled with two stars which means that it was supposed to be extra super spicy. It was not. It was mildly spicy, and therefore somewhat disappointing.
I'd be willing to give it another try for some of the noodle dishes. Pattaya down the street has generally been my go-to place, but Thai Singha House is pretty comparable. It's a fine choice and I have yet to find really amazing Thai food to compete with it nearby. The staff here was super friendly, and willing to negotiate our complicated methods of splitting the check. They do, however, charge extra to split a check on more than two cards - which is in fine print on their menu. 
And lastly, I have to agree the Steph H. The mints are awful. They are so awful that I was forced to spit mine out into a drain in the street and drooled a bit on my scarf, which was...well, embarrassing. Trust me, I'm generally pretty composed, and that mint was bad.I've only had delivery from Thai Singha & I'm quite pleased.  Food is tasty, fresh, and the delivery arrives on time.
1. Papaya salad is refreshing and crisp.  Shrimp are fresh and succulent.
2. Drunken noodles are soft and flavourful & pork is reasonably tender.
3. Panang and red coconut curries with vegetables/tofu are yummy.  Sauces are flavourful and great with rice.  I'm not a fan of the Pleasant Curry (red curry without coconut), but it's probably because I like the coconut-based one so much more.
It's much better than nearby Thai spots (e.g. Pattaya).  I definitely plan on ordering more from Thai Singha.I see they did a little renovation, but honestly I don't care what the colors of the walls are. I wish the chairs were more comfortable though ... however, let's talk about the food.
The Pad thai is just how I remembered it from the first time I've been here like 3 years ago. I got it with shrimp without peanuts and cleaned off my plate in minutes. I also like their drunken noodles. Compared to Pattaya, I kinda enjoy Singa Ha's noodles more. They don't stick together like Pattaya's does.I've since ordered a few more times from Thai Singha & am consistently pleased with the food and the service. When I order, the service is friendly & helpful & the delivery comes right on time. 
The drunken noodles are still tasty and comforting -- I think they're best with tofu/veggies rather than meat. Vegetable red curry is full of veggies & has a nice spicy kick to it. Garlic squid is not bad -- it comes with baby corn & other veggies, which is nice.I've had one great experience here and one ok so I feel like it evens out to 3 stars.  A group of friends and I ordered take out and got pad thai, pad se ew, green curry and drunken noodles.  They were all (temperature) hot and delicious even though the restaurant is about 5 blocks away.  The next time I ordered, I got pad thai and chicken with Spicy Bamboo Shoots.  It was just ok because the dishes seemed to have a lot less flavor than the last time.  Since I love Thai food, I will prob be back sometime soon as classes start up again and update this review.  It's located next to all the other restaurants people frequent in the area, Nan, Distrito, New Delhi, but it's still in a dumpy location (W. Philly).I really like this place, but I always get take-out.  The prices are reasonable, the food is done quickly and it's really yummy.  Plus their coconut soups are the best I've found in UC.The food here was average. The Chicken Satay wasn't anything to write home to ma about, and when I asked for the curry to be spicier than normal it was a bit disappointing. The soups were enjoyable but that was the highlight of the meal unfortunately. It took a long time to receive the check and the service wasn't spectacular. It' okay but not great.So I'm no thai connoisseur, but I do enjoy the occasional pad thai every once in a while. With that being said, this was an "A-OK" experience, which is why it only gets 3 stars. What I would like to announce to the world (and perhaps singha management) is ... THE MINTS HERE SUCK.  While that may be a small detail, it's the only detail about this establishment that I feel needs special mentioning.Quality - 3 stars (Normal)
Price - $$ (Fair)
Taste - Heavy and Spicy
The best deal for Saigon restaurant should be it's lunch special. 
I personally think It's tai food is a little bit more spicy than American Tai food. But for people eat spice often, their spicy food should be acceptable.
Lemon grass soup is key appetizer for Tai food. The one I ordered tasted pretty sour. I also ordered Drunken Noodle, a very common dishes in Tai restaurant, and it was too spicy for me.
I personally think this restaurant is good for people have heavier taste. 
I can eat Korean spicy, Chinese Shichun spicy...but this one is a bit heavier than normal.As they say in Thailand, the food here was comme ci, comme ça. My Pad See Ew was dry and flavorless (to their credit, or discredit, they ran out of  fat noodles so I was stuck with the thinner ones). I love the simplicity behind a palate cleansing mixed vegetable soup in clear broth, so that was pretty yummy. 
For those of you who appreciate a bottle of Singha with your noodles, you'll be pleased to know beers are $3.50.I've only tried the noodle dishes here, and they are all decent.  The portion sizes are on the small side, though not terribly small.  Not much else to say except that it's your typical Thai place and very similar to Pattaya down the street.Although I'm not an expert on Thai cuisine, I would vouch that Thai Singha has definitely got three things right - the recipe, the portion size, and the price. Whenever I eat here (~once a week), I'm usually quite happy and full afterwards. The service is always quick and friendly and the food usually comes out quite promptly as well (they do get a bit crowded on Fridays and Saturdays). The dcor is a bit plain...there are some interesting pieces brought back from Thailand adorning the walls, and I can't help but notice the portrait of the Thai King. His presence is quite central...perhaps omnipresent...to the restaurant. Just kidding, it isn't that prevalent.
I normally get the Drunken Noodles, but the Pad Thai and other classic Thai curry dishes are also quite tasty. I like the curries which include bamboo shoots because they add great texture, freshness, and a subtle flavor to the dishes. My one qualm is that there's not enough rice. I'm still a bit hungry! The lunch and Sunday brunch specials are also quite good. It's about $8 for the lunch special which includes soup, appetizer, entre and the Sunday brunch is about $10-12 for a 3-course meal (different menu). I believe there are also early-bird dinner specials on the weekdays (before 6:30?).
On Penn's campus, we have two Thai restaurants, Thai Singha and Pattaya Grill. I personally prefer Thai Singha for their portions, but Pattaya Grill has better dcor and atmosphere. I also think Thai Singha's dishes are a bit more flavorful.
My favorite place for Thai food!Good inexpensive lunches and of course, my all-time favorite soup Tom Khai Gai.  After all these years, Thai Singha House is STILL in business (though the decor looks about 20 years old) and a great place to grab lunch when in West Philly.
I also enjoy the Pad Thai here.Comme ci comme çaI went here again with a group of people. Food was delicious - I really did love it. Everything was great until the end. 
I gave my credit card to the waitress - and she brought back one credit card slip. No itemized copy, and no second copy for me. This was odd. I had to ask for the itemized to verify what I was being charged for. Sure enough - they had put on an auto-grat and didn't want to tell me.
No thank you Thai Singha, I'm not falling for your traps.The food is solid. The portions r big. n its a lil walk away from the normal business of ucity. w/e its "thai" food.The vegetarian Pad Thai is among the best I've had. They have a 5-point scale of how spicy you'd like it. I've tried 3 and I am very sure I can't attempt to have 4 or 5. 
The staff might rush you especially around closing time, but are okay otherwise.This struck me as a very run-of-the-mill Thai restaurant.  It has the same menu that most other Thai restaurants in the U.S. have, and I'm getting to the point that I'm absolutely sick of the standardization.  I want originality, so I'm coming down harshly on the restaurants that have rubber-stamp-copies of the menus and dishes served everywhere.  I don't care if you make your decor different, I don't care if you arrange the menu differently, or arrange the food in a fancy way on the plate.
I want the food to be different.  I want it to TASTE different. and to have different ingredients.
I know that the food in Thailand is INCREDIBLY diverse.  The stuff we have here in the U.S. is a miniscule subset of what is available over there.  So, get some actual skill and prepare me some more traditional Thai food.  I've had it in the US, and I've had it considerably cheaper, so I know it can be done.  Or, if you don't want to do that, then innovate and serve something genuinely different.  I've had that too.  It can be done.  I don't want to eat the same stuff at every freaking Thai restaurant in the U.S.
---
That said, the quality of the food here was also nothing outstanding.  Like most Thai restaurants, the prices were on the high side and the portions on the low side.  If I'm paying $12 or more for an entree, I want it to taste absolutely fantastically amazing, or I want to have enough food to take home, because my neighborhood is chock full of places that do one or both of those things for the same price or lower, and you're not going to bring me back in the door just by having a nice white tablecloth and pretty music playing in the background.  I don't care about that.  I care about food.  I want the raw, primal experience of eating.  If you want a fancy setting, then great, but I'm not going to pay for it.  I'd rather eat at a dirty hole-in-the-wall where I get what I really want because my money is being put towards the skill and originality of the chefs and not the look-and-feel of the surroundings.
Yeah.  3 stars.  Good service.  Decent food.  But fails at the things I care about most, which is originality and value.Overlook the decor and overall lack of atmosphere, and on a Saturday afternoon, this is perhaps the best Thai offering in University City. I reference time and day because if the folks at Lemon Grass were open, the choice would have been moot. But as a backup to an impeccable palace of Thai cuisine, you could do way worse. Especially on Saturday...in University City...with a hunger...for drunken noodles.If you're comparing Thai Singha versus Pattaya, Thai Singha wins - hands down. 
Don't go there, Thai Singha is infinitely the better restaurant. I've been to both of them multiple times and I'm always satisfied eating here. Plus, they are own by actual thai people and the food is more authentic. 
I usually stop by for their lunch special, where you can get a soup/appetizer/entree for $10.95 (it's quite a steal). 
I recommend the Pad Thai (huge portions, tastes like how pad thai should be), drunken noodles, any of the curry, and the Spicy Triple Flavor Salmon. 
For appetizers, fried tofu or their spring rolls. My personal favorite soups is the lemongrass soup.
They've also recently renovated, so it's a lot prettier and modern.I've ordered delivery three times from Thai Singha House, and I agree that it should NOT have a lower rating than Pattaya.
The first time I ordered the vegetable red curry and shrimp fried rice for my friend and tom yum soup. I really enjoyed my dish, and I thought the serving size was great for the price (under $10) but they could give just a little more white rice. I could have done without the soup that was too salty, and over all bland.
I loved the fried rice dish so much, that a week later I ordered the same thing minus the soup. Excellent.
A few nights ago I ordered the vegetable curry, this time with pineapple fried rice. Wow, I can't wait to try this place out in person.Great lunch specials, I'm sorry but 3 stars is under-rated. The wait staff is great too. Try it out for yourself.How this place is rated lower than Pattaya is beyond me. This place is owned by actual Thai people. The food tastes fresh and more authentic. Of course there are some items that are more or less Americanized, but there are some very unique dishes. Try the Yen Ta Four for a traditional Thai soup. It's a huge portion and has a large assortment of things in it from seafood to fried wontons to noodles. The soup itself is spicy and sour with a hint of sweet. I've never had anything quite like it. My other go to dishes would be the shrimp Pad Thai, which comes with a lot of shrimp and is a very healthy portion. Same goes for the shrimp drunken noodles. 
I believe Thai Singha is slightly cheaper than its neighbor across the street, Pattaya. They do have similar lunch specials (appetizer, soup, entree for $8.95), but dinner prices differ. Service and decor are perfectly acceptable, especially for a college crowd.I've long since moved away from college and far far away from Thai Singha House and the best drunken noodles I have ever eaten. The flavor is so unique and delicious. Mild spicy is enough (Spicy is too spicy that you end up drinking so much beer to help dilute the spice!). That is all.
Thai Singha House, I miss you!If you're debating your restaurant options, please walk across the street and go to Pattaya! I went here a year or so ago and had a pleasant early dinner with a friend-it was good, not great and it was never top of mind to come back. 
Fast forward to yesterday- I got the lunch "special" with the wonton soup, pork spring roll, and pad thai. I foolishly thought-how can they mess this up?! The wonton soup was inexplicably gross-it was like they had mixed boxed chicken stock with a couple of mangled wontons. The pork spring roll was fine, tiny, but not particularly bad. The pad thai though was TERRIBLE. My first thought was that I've had better tasting microwave pad thai, my second thought was that the chicken was cold and it probably was microwaved! It wasn't cheap either ($11+ w/tip), I was seriously regretting not going to my favorite food truck (Koja on Walnut and 38th) for $6 and enjoyed it 459845984x more! Argh. Basically, do not go here!Of all the places that do Thai in West Philly, this is my favorite.  Their lunch specials are great.  3 courses for less than $10.  They are quick and the food is tasty.  My favorite thing at this place is the spice level.  They go from 1 to 5 with 5 being the spiciest.  I eat a lot of spice and typically do #3 which is good.  On an adventurous day I'll do 4, but I can't imagine 5.  The service is not the most warm or friendly, but they do what they need to do well.  Serve you quickly, fill up your water.  
My favorite dish is the Ginger Chicken #3 spicy.Decent service and reasonable prices. I only go for the lunch special, which is $8.99 for three courses (the shrimp pad thai is pretty good).Thai Singha, im sorry but you are fricking fired! The first time we visited and you have already tried to pull a fast one on us poor, hungry, college students! 
My friend and I were so confused, they promised pork curry for god sakes!  First of all, I love curry. And secondly, I love any pork type substances so the pork curry entree appeared promising. Regretfully, I was soon met  with disappointment.
Alas, we were in dismay because not only did the "main course," or lack thereof, looked like it was large enough for a small child, but the pork wasn't even pork at all; it was CHICKEN! Say wha....?
Yo dawg, now I don't know about you but I think any civilized human being in their right mind could differentiate pork from chicken. Especially when those two people who religiously eat pork, simultaneously agree that this chicken-like substance is in fact chicken. And that is saying a lot because we, my friend and I, normally disagree on everything food related.
Even after politely mentioning to the waiter that we were absolutely convinced that this outlandish "dish" looked, tasted, and felt like chicken, 
The now clearly disgrunted server still had the audacity to "educate" us about the difference between chicken and pork!  
Hey, do I look like I have down syndrome??? Just give us pork and shut up, dude....
Is it really worth your time to engage in a heated debate with the customer whose only hope was to enjoy sweet, succulent, mouth watering pork?
Is it too much to ask for another dish that could fit the palm of your hand, and probably cost fifty-cents to make? 
Was the opportunity cost of giving us another dish so great that  resorting to lies and trickery was the next best alternative?
Is your restaurant so overflowing with customers spilling over each other on a daily basis that you don't care wether some come back or not?
What gives Thai Singha? If that is your real name.
He even continued and murmured that the "pork" was marinated SO MUCH as if to imply that the pork may not even taste like pork at all......So you're saying that you marinated the pork  so much that it turned into a chicken? Spare me...Thai Singha... Spare.Me.
I have to congratulate you, though, Thai SIngha, because that was the biggest insult to intelligence yet ....
I have also read a review here that the serving sizes were "reasonable." I guess they are, if you are anorexic and less than 5 feet tall. 
And, oh man, the penny pinching portion sizes don't stop with the entree's, folks.. Even when you buy drinks like Thai Tea you can rest assured that they went all out to get the thickest glasses to pour them in, so thick that there is more glass than Thai Tea. 
You might as well call them Thai Tea Shots because you can literally inhale the whole thing in one shot  if you accidentally breathe too hard.
Now my friend and I didn't want to argue. We just ate our "pork" slash chicken, inhaled our Thai Tea Shots like the good little samaritans that we are and bid this godforsaken place adieu.
My final impression of Thai Singha: That this restaurant is a master of deception, although filled with "authentic" Thai workers, they are fraught with incompetence. 
I hope you are happy making an extra dollar by confusing us pork aficionado's with a blasphemy of chicken. I'm sure it was worth losing two customers over.
By the way, if it wasn't already obvious, we left hungry even after eating everything.I would give 3 stars, but Thai Singha gets an extra for being so veggie friendly.
The indicated vegetarian soup uses vegetable broth. They're also more reliable with the sauces than Pattaya (no fish sauce etc.)good lunch menu. Nice presentation. Good service.I loved this place -- It looks mad sketch from the outside, but once you're inside it's fine. They have an awesome early bird special (3 courses...~$8.95?) Awesome. I've been twice. Pad thai was great. Why do they close at 9?  That's my only complaint.I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here recently!!! My friend and I split 2 different vegetarian entrees, and for $20 we both left happy and full. 
My only complaint is the hostess and the seating arrangements. The restaurant was fairly empty when we arrived, and she sat us sandwiched between 2 other two-person tables. It was one of those awkward and uncomfortable situations where we know they were listening to our conversations and vice versa! 
But the food was awesome, and for that, I will be back! :)I was wary when I looked online and saw an all-English menu. I should have listened to my instinct. Thankfully I listened when I told myself not to bother trying the specials. I got the papaya salad - standard fare - it wasn't bad (not to imply it was good). I also had beef Panang curry. They used very questionable (read: not good) beef. It should have been spicy and it was very much not so. Not even moderately so. On second thought - that may have been my fault for not specifying? Even so - it's not worth going back to correct the matter.
If you're into generic ethnic food made by people who know that you don't know any better and don't care, this is pretty ok Thai food.
I may come back just to have some of their desserts.I've been to Thai Singha House a bunch of times, and you have to know what to order.  The chicken is almost never fresh, and smells/tastes/feels like it's been microwaved.  However, the shrimp pad thai is delish! (Just make sure you ask for extra sauce-- they are initially stingy.)
Last weekend I got takeout from there, and when I brought it home, I noticed that the chicken was rubbery and re-heated.  I called them back, and they let me exchange it for a Pad Thai.  I was disappointed that the chicken was gross (and that I had to walk back), but they were really great about exchanging it. The staff is a plus!I meant what I said about Pattaya to be here. Oops. 
(Doesn't that say a lot about the two...)The food is passable, but the service was, as another reviewer put it: "Beyond rude." As a matter of fact, in 40 years if dining out I have never been told "NO! The kitchen is CLOSED!" when I ordered dessert after a meal. The entire experience felt extremely rushed, and I had to send the waitress away THREE separate times when we were trying to enjoy some drinks before our meal. By the third time, we broke down and ordered even though we were not finished our drinks. I guess all the waitstaff could think about was getting home, because our food came out immediately, as if it had been pre-made. I too got the lecture about ordering a "4" and was pressured into ordering a"3". Maybe if they would spend less time rushing their guests and lecturing, the food would be tastier. The most astounding thing about the evening, though, was that we were NOT warned that the kitchen was about to close and after we sat and spent $60 on drink and dinner, were told we were not allowed to have dessert because the kitchen was closed! Now this was a first. I fail to believe that every dessert is made from scratch at the time of the order and that were NO desserts in the fridge or freezer which they could serve. This experience was definitely a first for me. Thai Singha house gets my vote for the most obnoxious waitstaff ever.Three stars??? I don't believe it. Yes, the decor is kind of drab, but the food is so good! I used to go here all the time as I lived quite close and love spicy Thai curries. It's pretty much your standard Thai place with very few surprises on the menu, but it does all the basics and does them well.The food was pretty greesy/heavy and the atmosphere, although beautiful, very dark. 
I prefer going across the street to Pattaya Grill. Same price (or maybe a bit less). The food is clean, crisp, and incredible!Thai Singha is always pretty empty and I don't understand why. It is great! But at least that means that there is never a wait for a table and the food comes quicky.
The portions are big and are a good deal. The chicken drunken noodles are great.I came here after a successful eye doctor exam ,nearby. They have a great deal for lunch time @ $8.95 for soup, appetizer and entree - although the selection is thin. But, if you want another noodle selection ie pad see eiu , it's only $7.95 during lunchtime. So, I wanted the lunch deal " Soup: Wonton soup -which has a lovely flavored broth not too salty, Crab dumpling - two in order and shrimp pad thai. I ordered peanut sauce and they charge you $1. I also had some nice hot jasmine tea on this cold day. The server was nice and attentive even though the lunchtime crowd filled the dining room. Nice meal. Tasty.I lunched with a friend at Thai Singha House one summer weekday. Decor's not bad; I've seen plainer. Service was quick, not quirky, but it was after 1 PM, so the place was practically empty.
For such a large menu - at least 60 items on the take out menu alone, seven kinds of soup, 18 appetizers, complete with vegetarian options - it's unsurprising that their food's hit-or-miss. We ordered their lunch special (~$8 for a soup, appetizer, and entree). Their fishcakes are meh, the salad scary, but my spicy lemon grass soup (with chicken) had some flavor, but no kick. On a positive note, my entree hit the spot, a red curry with chicken, bell peppers, basil, and strips of bambooshoot.
For Thai in University City, Singha House is better than Lemon Grass Thai. However, I prefer the cooking down the street, at Pattaya Grill.This place really isn't that great. It's not the worst, but it's not worth the price. The first time I had their food, I ordered take out and it wasn't that bad. There was nothing notable to say about it. I then went there for dinner one night with a friend and we shared a panang curry and the pad see ew, which are both my go-to's whenever I order from a new thai restaurant. The curry was kind of watery and consequently, less flavorful than you'd hope for. The pad see ew was a disappointment. The noodles were cooked too long and very soggy and didn't have a great texture or mouthfeel to them. There was little to no flavor in the noodles as well and it didn't have the smokey flavor it should have. The service wasn't really that spectacular either. The waitress seemed kind of confused and very passive.Delicious Thai foods with many choices, reasonable price, fast service, friendly staff and owner !Easy to find a parking place on the streets.Went here 3 years ago and the food was delicious. It was run down at the time and needed alot of interior work but now thats changed! I just went a few months ago for restaurant week but I have to admit that this place is not as good as it used to be. The restaurant looks amazing now but the food doesn't have the charm that it used to. Either way its still tasty and I would recommend a visit at least once!Have been ordering here for delivery for a while now and I give the food 2 out of 2 stars but the delivery time is work taking away more stars. They give an estimate of 45-50 mins and it has always taken over 1 hour, sometimes 1 hour 15-30 mins. They're serving in a corporate environment so I'm sure it's nothing new to them that people are on a time restriction. 
They definitely need to step up on the delivery process.Awesome place with a solid menu. I go here for their $9.95 lunch special, where you pick three courses: an appetizer, a soup, and an entree. My go-to is the fried tofu served with plum sauce, the chicken lemongrass soup (a flavorful level of spice that makes me want to chug an entire quart of this broth when I'm sick), and the shrimp pad thai. My only complaint is that the pad thai usually takes longer to cook than the other entree options for the lunch special, so often times I'm left having to tell my fellow eaters at the table that they can start while I wait for my pad thai (at least 5 more mins everytime). For a common dish like that, I hope they can find a way to prep more ingredients ahead of time so cooking times are more consistent with the rest of the table's meals. They also have tasty drinks for cheap, like mango juice, served in mason jars. They charge 50 cents more if you ask for less/no ice, which is weird, but I've never done so. At least that is clearly stated on their menu. Overall, wonderful food for great prices.Dependable local thai. Wow. Words I thought I would never say in my time here in University City.
I LOVEEE their drunken noodles. Can be a bit oily, especially when you order take out. But not too spicy, just perfect. Their spring rolls with the sauce are delish. 
I especially love how they were a part of University City dining days, so I was able to try things off their menu I never would have originally thought of, like their fried ice-cream ( not too bad), and a drink I can't seem to remember. 
It's a tight squeeze inside the restaurant though, so if you really want to eat here, probably get a reservation.This is a reliably good place for lunch! Service is prompt, and it's a comfortable setting. I keep trying new dishes, and they are all delightful!Absolutely delicious!!! I ordered dinner from uberEats and had to leave a yelp review. I ordered the salmon red curry, red curry with chicken and gyoza. First impressive thing is that their prices are significantly lower than their competitors. I'd been spending $18+ for a plate devoid of seafood. Im shocked by the reviews complaining about the portion of a $9 three course meal special. You want a full sized 3 course meal for 9 bucks you might as well leave them bankrupt. The curry came with complimentary rice. I hadn't had such luck in the past back home in Atl and here in Philly so I preemptively ordered a side of rice. The salmon curry was melt in your mouth flavorful savory goodness with crunchy fresh veggies. Not the watery bland mess I'd been getting in most Thai places in City Ave. The chicken in the curry wasn't the usual processed chewy chicken but more like grilled cut up chicken. Gyoza was yum! I could go on about how awesome their food is but give it a try. I'll take taste over price any day so I recommend this restaurant. God bless great chefs, we yelp for you!This place is 10x better than Pattaya. So glad it's here and super convenient for when I'm craving greasy and delicious thai food! 
I've tried a couple of the noodle dishes here, all of which have been fantastic. Service is great as well. Prices are very typical prices that you would find at a thai restaurant-- not too expensive and not too cheap either. Place is kind of small so not super ideal for very large groups, but it's a BYO and so definitely make use of that!
Overall, great thai place near campus. Do yourself a favor and come here instead of Pattaya.Overall great experience. I have to start this review by saying this was not my first choice. On a trip to visit my grandmother she demanded Thai food. She expressed that she knew of someone that worked here or frequently visited and promised to go. So like a perfect grand daughter we went and it made her freaking day as well as mine because the experience was great. 
At first glance it was very homely. When you walk in immediately to your right there is a coat rack. I have to admit I was a little nervous leaving my coat at the front of the restaurant near the door. Anyone could grab it and walk out, however, I quickly found comfort as there always appeared to be a host near the front door. 
The food was very authentic with regards to flavors and Thai food options. I ordered the Salmon and found that although it was not super super fresh, it was season very well and the plate was decorated nicely. By fresh I mean never frozen. this particular Salmon might have been frozen (in case you are that person that prefers fresh fish).  
The service was consistent. Our server stopped by just enough, but not tooooo much and they made sure that we were happy and had everything we needed. Thumbs up for being very hospitable. 
I would recommend a visit here especially if you are looking for a homely, authentic, hospitable Thai experience.This is a really good spot for lunch, especially with their M-Sat $9.95 lunch specials that include a soup, appetizer, and main course. I ordered the Spicy Lemongrass Soup w/ Chicken, which had rich flavors, and the spicy fishcake for the appetizer - it came with a small carrot / cucumber salad topping with a generous splash of fish sauce / sweet and sour sauce. A little slightly overdressed, but the fishcake was hot and delicious. The main course I got (Basil leaves w/ shrimp) was an extremely good deal, considering the shrimp option on the main menu normally costs upwards of $10, but felt like it could do with a little more seasoning and flavor. I also ordered the frozen thai iced tea, which really gives body to the sweetness of the iced tea with the slushie texture - I'd recommend ordering that as a drink as well. Overall, the service was really good, and the food was pretty good compared to other options around here.I was extremely excited to see this place open again, since Thai Singha and Pattaya are the only places on Penn's campus that offer legit Pad Thai. 
But for some reason, the newly open Thai Singha's foods made me itch all over. I'm sure it's not an allergy, because I don't have trouble eating Pad Thai or drinking Iced Tea anywhere elsewhere. It's a pity, because their three-course lunch set is worth the price.Stuck by the Philly airport I tied uber eats for the fist time.   Delivery was great & the food was better than I expected.   
Green curry w/brown rice was fresh all the vegetables delicious not over cooked or soggy.  The coconut milk was thick & flavorful.   Nothing is ever spicy enough for me but this was just the right amount of heat & flavor.  Papaya salad was good too fresh & flavorful.  Everything was perfect.My boyfriend and I really enjoy the curry and pineapple fried rice from Thai Singha House. We have dined in and picked up, which didn't take more than 20 minutes between order and leaving with the food. 
The pineapple fried rice is the best we have had in the area. It is fresh and refreshing. The curry has a decent amount of vegetables. The portions aren't as big as other thai places I've been, especially in the pick up order, but we are normally very satisfied with the flavors.
I'm not exactly sure why the only curry available to vegetarians on the menu is the red curry, I would really like to be able to try the other types of curry as well, but the server I spoke with wasn't very helpful in explaining whether that would be possible.Want to have a good time with friends? Please don't waste your time going here on a Friday night. Like you, I had read the reviews on Yelp beforehand and was confident that I would be the judge in deciding what "bad customer service" really was. Trust me when I say, the staff here is incredibly rude and forward. After making a reservation at 7:00PM we were told we needed to leave the restaurant at 8:00PM because they had a party of 20 people coming in after us. We arrived promptly at 7:00, received our food at 7:45 and were RUSHED, STARED DOWN and POINTED by the staff who were anxious for us to leave. If you have a previously booked large party, you could have easily declined our reservation. I could have taken my friends, family, money and patience to another establishment who would have treated me like a decent human being.One of my go-to places for lunch or dinner near Penn's campus. Their lunch and dinner specials are great. I recommend the chicken satay, fried tofu, drunken noodles, pad thai, red curry, and the beef pad see ew.I came on Monday at 6:30PM with two friends just in time to order from their 'early bird' menu that ends at 6:30. The special consists of a soup, appetizer and an entreé for only 10.95, which is definitely a steal! I had the wonton shrimp soup, which came with lots of cilantro, green onion, a large shrimp and two wontons. The soup was a nice small starter, and was followed by two chicken satay skewers topped with a thick peanut sauce. I actually really enjoyed the picked veggies underneath, which were crunchy and tart. My two friends both ordered the fried tofu, which came with three small tofu triangles and was served with a plum dipping sauce.
For the entreé, I ordered the chicken red curry, which came with white rice and some boiled, seasoned cabbage/carrots. The curry was flavorful and quite spicy, and there were basil leaves, bamboo shoots, and slices of chicken breast thrown in. It was a hearty combination with the rice, but in retrospect, the portions were kind of small. I'd go to Pattaya if you're hungry and Thai Singha if you're looking for a 'nicer' location with better food presentation.Never been to their restaurant, but ordered delivery for the first time. GrubHub had a server error, so I called in our order. Making the order over the phone was easy and I was thankful they delivered to us when some others feel we're too far out. Despite being near 52nd and Baltimore, food came in 35 minutes. The Pad Kee Mao Gai - Drunken Noodles with chicken - was solid and the medium- spicy that I requested was right on target. My partner's Pad Thai Tofu was so-so, she knew it wasn't going to be above average when she saw it had a bit of a pink-tint to its sauce. The Tom Ka Gai - Chicken Coconut Soup - was perfect - better than Circles! Ordered a quart and am so pleased. For us, this is better than sitting down at Vientene or ordering from Lemongrass Thai. Solid option.a little pricey but def delicious. i will even dare to say that it's prob the best thai food i have had since moving to philly. the portions are pretty good but i'm usually starving and can finish most of the food i order when others will have leftovers...sigh...it's a problem. i am the bottomless pit. 
their tofu pad thai is delicious with great flavor and the texture of the noodles are perfect...not soggy but perfectly chewy. their red chicken curry...omg! so good. the chicken is soft and tender, and the curry isn't overpowered by too much sweet milk. these are the only dishes i've tried and def need to venture out of the norms to try their other dishes. maybe i'll be ready in 2017!Had a combo at 10-ish bucks: a soup, an appetizer and an entree. Very reasonable price and good service. Clean and warm place.My friend and I came here because of University City Dining Days promotion. They were offering 3 courses for $15 so it seemed like a great deal. The place is pretty small and very simple. The menu had plenty of options. We tried the shrimp lemongrass soup and veggie spring rolls as starters. Both were good. The soup had a nice kick to it and good sized shrimp in it. For entrees we had the green curry and vegetable drunken noodles. Both were excellent! Green curry had a wonderful, slightly spicy flavor and the noodles were loaded with plenty of fresh veggies. For the third course we had green tea ice cream and fried bananas. The ice cream was too earthy for me--I expected a lighter, sweeter flavor. The friend bananas were absolutely perfect. Served hot and crispy and sweet. This place is BYOB so you can bring your own drinks but bring an ice bucket for your wine because they don't have them. We also got dirty wine glasses and had to ask for more. Other than that the service was good.I arrived fifteen minutes before closing on a weekday and was still greeted with quick service (I received my food less than ten minutes after my arrival) and the most incredible coconut curry I've ever had in my entire life. If you get nothing else, get the Crazy Chef Coconut Curry. It contains almost every species of animal that humans call seafood, and it's absolutely perfect. I've never had scallops cooked so well, and in soup no less! I got it to-go and received it piping hot and fresh. In total, for a container of curry that lasted me one and a half meals (I ate it for dinner and then finished it with lunch the next day), I spent $5.35. Not bad for the most incredible single dish I've ever had from a Thai restaurant! Please, if nothing else, do yourself a favor and just get the seafood coconut curry. Please. Your entire body will thank you.I had heard wonderful reviews about the original Thai Singha before it closed, so I was pretty keen on checking it out when it opened. 
My first impression of the establishment was that it was super small, with only one or two waitresses who were doing everything - seating, taking orders, serving, etc. As such, service was definitely below par in the evening when it was pretty crowded. It took ages for anyone to seat us, replenish our waters, or even take our orders. When our orders finally arrived, I couldn't help but notice that the portions looked somewhat small compared to most Thai places I've been to, so don't expect to be super full/take any home from one serving.
That being said, the ambiance is nice, clean, and cozy. The food was also deliciously flavorful! Definitely enjoyed each of the different dishes I've had including the standard pad thai, drunken noodles, green curry, penang curry, etc. Plus, when I had take-out from this place, it arrived much earlier than the prediction on Grubhub, so that was excellent.
I was really wavering between 3 and 4 stars, but I'll favor the good food over the small(ish) portions/sub-par service. And okay, it is nice to have more than one option for Thai food in University City!Small, quaint Thai place with an overall decent decor. Came here during the University City restaurant week with a group of friends. The food was above average and I'd say the service was below average. It took a long time to just get water to the table and that set the pace for the rest of the delivering a to the table. 
With that said, if the service had been better I would have rated it 4 stars for the food.The best Thai food in philadelphia. Great atmosphere. Clean and modern. The food is out of this world. Plus it is byo. I used to go to their other restaurant in center city. This one in west Philly is even better.Food was amazing and the prices are reasonable. The curry Chicken was amazing. I will be going back soon. Definitely my new favor Thai place in Philadelphia.The red vegetable curry was delicious! And the decor is very pretty. One of my favorite Thai places in University City! 
The only problem was that there was a group of about 12 extremely noisy college students at the table next to us, so it drew away from our experience here.Great combination of both Thai and BYO restaurant! The coconut curry rice and chicken pad thai are extremely flavorful and delicious. I would definitely recommend the mango sticky rice for dessert, so worth it!Figures that for under $11, I'll do the dinner special. The 3 piece fried tofu was a littl disappointing, sauce was okay, the soup was average (little on the salty side) & lastly, the shrimp pad thai, now having eaten at plenty of thai joints, the pad thai is either ketsupy (tomatoey) or just right. It was the former; not too bad, won't really come back for their pad thai anytime soon. Either case, what do you expect for $11 then again, had I ordered the pad thai as a normal entre, will have been disappointed. Just a solid 3 starThis is my favorite Thai restaurant near Penn's campus. I go here whenever I'm craving Thai food and it never disappoints. My favorite dishes are beef drunken noodles and green curry with beef. The drunken noodles are a little too oily and heavy but the flavor is great. They're also fairly spicy but you can tell them to reduce the spiciness. The green curry with beef is delicious and my only complaint is that the portion is very small so you don't feel full after eating it.
Thai Singha is also a great BYO spot and you'll often find large groups of college students here drinking. The ambience is casual and it's a small restaurant with a homey feel. On the weekend, there is a brunch special which I highly recommend. The courses are dishes from the regular menu but at a significant discount.This is now my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly! I came here with a friend for lunch, and it was amazing! We both ordered the $10 3-course lunch special. There were so many options to choose from that I had trouble deciding. I ended up choosing the spicy lemongrass soup with vegetable, the spicy fishcake, and the red curry with shrimp. It was all so good! It was the best lemongrass soup I've had, and there was a good kick to it. The fishcake appetizer came with 3 patties which were tasty and filling. And the red curry had such an awesome flavor. The portion was generous, and there were plenty of shrimp and veggies in the dish. My friend also loved her meal. She had the wonton soup, crab dumplings, and chicken pad thai. Everything was great, and the flavors of all of the dishes were perfect. Also, they keep the restaurant pretty chilly inside, which was a nice break from the hot and humid day!I've come here on two occasions during lunch with fairly large groups of about 10 and usually they aren't too busy, which is good because they're a rather small restaurant. They're pretty clean and service is outstandingly average. When it comes to their food, their quality and the price do not add up. I've gotten the lunch special both times and have tried their coconut soup, wonton soup, chicken skewers, pad thai, and red curry. In all the dishes besides the pad thai, the portion size is underwhelming. The coconut soup is too sweet for me, the wonton soup is too salty, the chicken meat in the skewers seemed a bit synthetic, and the chicken in the red curry was tough. The red curry sauce itself was pretty decent but all they give you are a few pieces of meat.I went into Thai Singha with a party of 8 on Saturday evening around 6 with no reservation. Though the space is pretty small, they were able to accommodate us pretty quickly. 
The 2 waiters who had to cover the entire space seemed pretty stressed out and busy for most of the night. After being seated, we waited 10 minutes before anyone even came to us and at that point, we weren't even really greeted by our waitress but rather just asked for our orders. 
With that being said, I've been to the original Thai Singha quite a few times so that food was pretty similar. I shared a green curry chicken and a chicken pineapple fried rice with a friend. Both were tasty and had enough flavor, the fried rice was 2 stars but didn't really taste all that spicy so I asked for some more hot sauce on the side. All in all, it's solid Thai food that is nice every once in a while in University City but nothing amazing.This was my first time eating from this location. I ordered online, an order of Singha's Calamari and shrimp pad thai. The description for the calamari says it includes tempura broccoli, carrot, and onion. None of those things came, just shoestring pieces of calamari. I double checked the grub hub menu and their website, both have that description. The shrimp pad thai was not great. I made a note of no peanuts. No peanuts were on top of the noodles, but after getting to the middle of it, bits of chopped peanuts emerged. Delivery was super fast, but I feel like they rushed through making my order.Great food and service. I knew it would be good when I saw how many asian people were eating there (no bigotry, just a fact) and it was. Great pad thai and hot lemongrass soup. Salad dressing was a 3/10 at best.I was delighted to discover that Thai Singha has returned to near Penn's campus after closing last year. The new location offers a great value lunch and dinner special that students here take full advantage of. For $12, you can have a filling three course meal: a soup, appetizer, and entree. 
I ordered the chicken wonton soup with shrimp, the chicken satay with salad, and the shrimp pad thai, which I couldn't even finish and had to get takeout. The service was quick and the waiters are friendly. The place is also BYOB so on weekend nights, expect busier wait times and rowdy college students here, having a good time!Just meh. I've been here twice and while it seems a good deal, especially the three-course $11 early bird special Thurs-Sun, you don't get much volume or flavor for your money.I have been going to the Thai Singha House To Go in Rittenhouse for a few years and finally decided to try its parent house for dinner. The Thai Singha House restaurant was subpar. The food was mediocre, the service was non existent and it was significantly more expensive. I will not be returning. If you want flavorful and delicious Thai food try the place on 20th street. You will not be disappointed.I was excited to see Thai Singha was back, as I was started to tire of Pattaya. Thai Singha is a big improvement to the Penn Thai "scene" (if you can call it that). Portions were large and even on a relatively busy evening, the service is quick. I've probably had all the versions of the pad thai, all of which are very above average. Check out the Thai Iced Tea, its so good!Lunch special was sub-par. They don't have Pad See Ew on the lunch special, meaning that it doesn't come with the appetizer and soup, but it does come at a lunch price on its own! Because of that, it is a little bit cheaper than other comparative Thai places such as Pattaya. Their size portions were good though and I spent $11-12 after tax and tip on my lunch special and ate it for 1.5 meals!
Had a little bit of my friend's chicken drunken noodles and it was surprisingly spicy! The sauce was not my favorite... too much chili and not a lot of other flavors. It was almost overpowering and distracting from the real and authentic potential taste of the dish. I think I like Thai Singha's Pad Thai better than Pattaya's, but their Pad See Ew is a smaller portion and didn't have as many vegetables and they skimped on the meat. Every time I walk by Thai Singha on the way to the gym... my mouth waters though. The location is really convenient, especially with it being right underneath Chestnut Hall Apartments.I really hate giving places 2 stars, but my experience here could have definitely been better. My sister and I came here for the lunch special. Oh boy did we feel completely ripped off! 
FOOD:
We began our course with the coconut soup and wonton soup. Both were very bland and extremely watery. For the coconut soup, it almost tasted as if we were drinking coconut flavored water with chewy chunks of chicken. For appetizers, we had the dumplings and friend wontons. Two minuscule, quarter-sized dumplings came out on a plate that looked too big for it. It was so sad! The fried wontons made up for the dumplings, but only JUST a little. Our main entrees were the shrimp pad thai and the chicken red curry. The pad thai was a nice surprise and it was pretty good! The red curry was okay. 
I've also ordered vegetable pad thai take-out from here. Excited for my pad thai, I was thinking it would taste as good as it would the last time I was there. BUT the pad thai was COMPLETELY pink. It was almost a salmon pink and extremely flavorless with too little ingredients.
SERVICE/AMBIENCE: 
The service was attentive and friendly. Our waitress was sweet and nice! The inside is very nicely decorated and has a very casual atmosphere. It's also a BYOB, so that's a plus! Maybe if the food improves I'll venture here again to give it a third chance!Such the authentic Thai restaurant!!!
Yen-Ta-4 is so awesome for me.Ordered a few different dishes for take out yesterday, and was really disappointed with how salty and/or greasy almost everything was.
-Shrimp Lemongrass Soup: three pieces of shrimp and tasted like straight salt 
-Beef Pad Thai: The noodles were dry and flavorless and there was barely any beef (maybe like 6 small pieces)
-Drunken Noodles w/Tofu: Tastes pretty good but EXTREMELY oily. Wouldn't order again.
-Chicken Green Curry: This was your run of the mill green curry, similar to what you'd get elsewhere. Good but nothing special.
-Pineapple Fried Rice: Oily and not very flavorful 
-BBQ Chicken: Dry/under seasoned. The dipping sauce it comes with is way too sour.This is such an excellent Thai takeout addition to the city. Really, my new favorite, and as close to 5 stars as any Philadelphia Thai takeout has gotten for me, tbh.
Tonight was now my second takeout experience, and second time happy. My first go around, I got a wrong item in my order which was quickly taken care of with a no questions, no stress refund for that item. No wrong items tonight, thankfully. 
Everyone loves a good pad Thai and a good Thai curry. These two items were verified by my recent orders. Vegetable pad Thai was an absolutely huge portion. It had a ton of veggies, but a good balance between noodles, sauce and veggies. So often, the rice noodles are over cooked, or there's way too much or way too little sauce, or the veggie:noodle ratio is wayyyyy off. These are all rookie mistakes for pretty much the most iconic Thai dish (in America, anyway) that you can get. No sir, none of that here.
Tonight, I ordered Salmon Thai Curry-perfect spiciness level with a nice thin sauce to soak up that rice. I was honestly shocked that the salmon was not even the least bit overcooked. SHOCKED. I ordered it just assuming that it would be standard overcooked salmon, that's how much I wanted salmon curry. My only complaint would be to add more veggies to the salmon dish-it was pretty much just a (good sized) salmon filet with 3-4 red pepper matchsticks and a few basil leaves. 
A surprising appetizer that I ordered were the scallion cakes. Holy oh my goodness, these are damn good! NOT what I was expecting. A large amount of cooked chives wrapped in a soft, fried dough, with a ridiculously good sweet soy garlic dipping sauce. Get these!
I will order from here again. In fact, they will remain my go to Thai takeout spot. Please Thai Singha House, don't let me down!This place is really great. I'm visiting philly and stopped by for Thai food. I just happened to find out they have a deal sun-Thursday if you come in before 6:30pm. You get a soup, appetizer and main dish for 10.95! The value was excellent. I ended up getting a coconut curry soup, salad with ginger sesame dressing and shrimp pad Thai. The proportions were not big but I definitely left feeling satisfied. Overall, the food was pretty good. The pad Thai sauce was uniquely sweet and tangy. The coconut curry soup tasted like a watered down curry bowl but still has great flavor. And dressing on the salad was really tasty. I'd definitely come back sometime, especially for the great deals. I recommend you try this place!Very happy after our meal.
Our spring roll appetizers were served quickly and eaten just as quickly--crisp, tasty, with a delicious dipping sauce.
I had my usual green curry--excellent rendition, spicy and fragrant. My spouse experimented with ginger chicken (and asked for a light hand with the salt). All conversation stopped as she devoured all but one little piece given to me (a little reluctantly). Usually, I get about a third of any entree. 
We were almost alone in the cozy restaurant & hope more folks will try it. Certainly we'll return and enjoy the food and friendly service.We came here during University City Dining Days, and we had an absolutely delightful date night!
Our dinner was 3 courses- appetizer, entree and dessert- and it was very filling.  We have similar tastes so for an appetizer we both got Deep Fried Crispy Chicken Wonton with Sweet and Sour Dip (tons of flavor and the perfect amount of food and crispiness!), for our entrees we got Drunken Noodle (which had the perfect amount of spice with the chili oil) and for dessert we actually got different things- a perfectly sweet Crème Brule for me and Green Tea Ice Cream for him.
I thought that the service would be slow with a full dining room and only one server, but this restaurant is a well oiled machine!  We never felt like we were left unattended and we were served very quickly.
We definitely plan on coming back!Thai Singha is okay. The pad thai is too saucy. The red and green curry is okay. I would just go for the special. So the special ends at 6:30 and I would get seated before 6:30 but they still wouldn't give me the special prices. Their service isn't that great.Their lunch special is unbeatable. Hands down the best lunch in University City. The wonton soup is sooo good and soothing. I've also had their pad Thai and red curry entrees. Both were so good...I would totally recommend this place for lunch!My sister and I came here to try out the food on a late weekday evening, thirty minutes before closing. The place is very well-kept and clean, which is always a good sign. Lovely ambiance!
Their menu is extensive and serves up your typical Thai dishes. I wanted to try something I usually don't order so I ordered their seafood lemongrass noodle soup. I'm so glad I did because it was just delicious. The soup was great, and the lemongrass flavor was perfect and not overwhelming. It was slightly tangy and went really well with the seafood. Included in the noodle soup were shrimp, squid, fish balls, and fried wontons. Everything was very good, and I left impressed with the taste of their food and their quality. 
Great Thai place in UC!Food was okay. My main issue was that there was a BUG in my food. Made an already somewhat unappetizing meal basically disgusting. I guess maybe there dine in experience is better but I wont be eating here ever again.Ordered for delivery. The food was great for the price. We had red curry and thai basil beef. The red curry stole the show, it was so flavorful. Get it!! It's one of their more popular dishes. Thai basil was good but a little bit lacking. Overall, I will order here again when I'm craving for thaiI really liked the food here and the early dinner special is amazing! good value for moneyThe food here was fantastic and they took exactly fifteen minutes to prepare it. The service was great and the owner was very friendly. Portions are large for a fair priceThai Singha is great for quickly prepared Thai food to go. I always call ahead (or order ahead on Yelp app!) for either a pad thai or pad see ew lunch special portion ($8-9). The food is always ready within 10 minutes and is piping hot and yummy. My only qualm is that the restaurant is closed between 2-5 pm and I typically like to eat during off-peak hours so some days it's a mad scramble to get to the restaurant at 1:50 pm to grab a quick dish to go.Love Thai Singha House! Not sure what the negative reviews are for, I've always had EXCELLENT service and food here. Coconut chicken soup is my favorite soup ever just for how flavorful the broth is. Their $10.95 early bird special is hard to beat. Very nice and comfortable atmosphere. Their Pad Thai is way better than other university city Thai places.Quite liked it. Small restaurant but decent Thai food. Would come back if in the area. Probably similar to other Thai places in the vicinity.This is a small spot on Chestnut st. Its also a BYOB which is a bummer when you arrive and everyone else has drinks and you dont:( Definitely didnt know it was BYOB, but we were so hungry we decided to try it out. First off, I love Thai food and I always like to try new Thai places in any city that I visit. The food here was nothing special. The decor and ambiance was also lacking. Plus, there was a long hair in my food and the shrimp did not taste fresh. Definitely not a place I would go back to or recommend. Sorry guys- You missed the mark! There are several other Thai places that I can recommend in the city. Thai Singha House- thumbs down.I went here looking for good food with my friend and got treated disrespectfully. I was the only black person in the restaurant and they basically acted like I didn't exist. I asked more than five times for a straw and didn't get one. I asked another waitress for a straw two or three time and didn't get one. I asked for soy sauce, didn't get any. When my friend asked for both, they gave it to her. 
Afterwards, I presented a coupon and started to tell the waitress that it was for $15 off of our meal. I could only get three words out before she said "yeah" and snatched the bill book out of my hand. I'm never quick to say someone was racist, but I really don't understand why I was treated like that and it's the only explanation I can see. I won't be visiting this place again.It's just ok- got the drunken noodles.  It was a bit oily and the chicken was dry.Very racist and rude, the waitress asked every other tables "how was your dinner" during their meals but ignored my mom and me. She didn't refill our water but she did it to other tables. I asked for a refill but the waitress ignored me, again! I went to Thailand, so I figured the food here wasn't good.  I told my Thai friends my experience, and they told me that they weren't surprised because all my Thai friends said the waitresses here were very racist and the food here was terrible from their standpoints. There are many good Thai restaurants in Philly, and I will never ever come back here.The crazy coconut soup was amazing and so was the red curry. My roommate got the drunken noodles so we split out entrees to share. Both were really good but I preferred the drunken noodles (and she preferred my red curry). My only complaint was the matcha green tea ice cream because the consistency seemed like it had melted before and was refrozen but that's such a minor thing compared to all the other great food!I've been looking for the perfect Thai delivery place and have ordered from quite a few recently, and FINALLY think I may have found my go-to!  Delivery by GrubHub was fast, prices were decent, and the food was really, really good. We tried: 
Chive Dumpings. Maybe a little heavy on the "dumpling" part, but tasty and not too greasy. Dipping sauce was good (and not too garlicky). 
Vegetarian Pad Thai (no mushrooms). They actually listened to our request for no mushrooms! Pad Thai was tasty and plentiful, and had really good texture (crushed peanuts). A total win. 
Seafood Lemongrass Noodle Soup.  It surprised me to pull out a container of broth and a separate contained with seafood, noodles, and wontons - but it was a really nice touch!  Wontons didn't get mushy.  And everything was cooked perfectly.  The broth was HEAVENLY, spicy and flavorful. Looking forward to leftovers tomorrow. 
All in all, a total win! The menu is extensive, we'll be trying the currys, the drunken noodles and the papaya salad in the near future, plus more of the appetizers. 
Really 4.5 stars - half off for NOT honoring our "save the environment, we don't need silverware" request. And maybe ONE more dumpling would have been nice (we got 3).I came here during my lunch hour and I will certainly be back. Quick seating (even though I came on a Friday at lunch time), fast service, nice decor and flavorful food. What more can I ask for.Oooh, some really unique menu items here. Their golden bags appetizers, which are these little  sacs of meat that are wrapped in a layer of springroll skin that's been fried to a golden crisp,  are unexpectedly yummy since it comes with mango sauce the really works with the outer layer.My experience at Thai Singha House was awful. Upon searching for a quick bite to eat, i found this restaurant with 4.2 stars on yelp. A decent rating. Service was fine and we were quickly seated. However, once the food arrived I was instantly disappointed. My coconut juice was drenched in sugar and tasted nothing like coconut. My pad Thai carried a horrendous stench and my boyfriend's sweet and sour chicken was a mix of poorly executed vegetables and dry chicken drenched in awfully sweet and flavorless sauce. Both our stomachs both ached instantaneously after the meal. Would never go again nor ever recommend even to my worst enemy. Good day.Went for ucity dining days special. Staff was great and music was perfect! Great dinner.I came in during the lunch hour last week, and was a little disappointed with my Chicken Pad See Ew. 
The dish was a pretty decent portion for the price, and everything tasted good, but there wasn't really much of anything besides just noodles. There were a few pieces of chicken, two chunks of tomato, and only a few slivers of the other vegetables promised in the menu. 
I did enjoy the taste of the sauce -- I didn't think it was too salty or sweet, it was tangy and savory, and it had the perfect spice level -- so I'll be willing to try this place again, but I'm probably going to explore other lunch spots first.Great place on campus to eat Thai food at an affordable price! I enjoy getting the shrimp pad thai there, and it's a nice ambiance!A great, easy, and fast place for lunch near campus. 
No frills service but fast and attentive, deck inside is simple but plain, definitely clean.
Their lunch specials are affordable and filling. Start with a soup, appetizer, and entree. I had their tom kha soup (coconut soup w/ vegetables), which was delicious, and crab dumplings, which were small and more like shumai than a dumpling. The entree (salmon) was AMAZING, crispy and moist and so flavorful w/ a chili garlic cilantro sauce. Rice was a little dry, but whatever, who eats the rice anyways. Finished w/ a Thai iced tea (2$, 3$ if you want boba). 
Over all, affordable and delicious. I'll definitely come back.I never leave reviews, but I have to for this place because the service was horrible and the portions were so small. We went at 8 pm. The first thing the waiter says when we walk in is "we close at 9". I would understand if we came in 10-15 minutes before closing but we had a whole hour to eat. Once we were seated the waiter barely spoke or looked at us. She came over to the table and just stood there in total silence until I broke the awkwardness by ordering. It was not inviting at all. When we got our food, I couldn't help get pissed off by the small amount of food we received. It tasted way too sour. My brother got the green curry (which was very good actually, gonna at least give them credit for that) He got a embarrassingly tiny scoop of rice though. Mind you, we were starving so it pissed us off even more. It was hard to call the waiter over because everyone working there was in the kitchen. At one point, there was literally no one in the dining area. But then when we were done eating, they were SO quick to give us the check. Once we got the check, I was shocked because they added an 18% tip to the grand total of the bill. And there was a section for "more tip". We came in a party of 3, usually restaurants add tip included if there's a party of 6-8 or more. They did not deserve an 18% tip for the quality of food/service we received. If you like green curry, I recommend this place. But for anything else/good service, you're not gonna get it here.I was very excited to hear that Thai Singha is back in business! The Chicken Drunken Noodles here were a staple of my diet and I was so excited to have them back in my life. The restaurant has moved to a smaller location but its food is delicious as ever and it is now a BYOB. I came here for dinner a few days ago and was pleasantly surprised by the dinner special menu they offered ($10.95 for a soup, appetizer and entree). 
While Thai Singha's food isn't the best thai food I've eaten (I prefer Vientiane or Bangkok Thai 9), I think it is one of the best around University City. I am also a little disappointed that it now imposes a delivery fee on Grubhub when Pattaya right next door doesn't.Thieves!!
We knew there could be trouble when we arrived. My wife and I got there on a Friday night at 6:45 PM. The hostess asked if we would be done by 7:45 since they had a party coming later. 
Very rude but we thought, OK, may be just a cultural difference.
The food was actually very good but app and entrees were all brought together. Barely room on the table. We were finished eating by 7:15 (well in advance of our deadline).
Now the really bad part. 
I gave my credit card to pay and was told that it was declined. I was surprised as I used it a short while earlier with no issue but I pulled out a gift card and paid with that (even leaving a nice tip). Luckily, I kept the receipt.
When I checked with my credit card company (USAA), I was told that the charge was not declined but that I could only dispute it if/when the charge goes through (it was still listed as pending that day). I rechecked today and, indeed, they did charge my USAA card. 
Double charging!!
What a pain. No manager available when calling (not that I expect any satisfaction by that route). As I said, I have the receipt so my credit card company will stand by me but what a nuisance.
I will never return!
Advice: Always hold on to receipts, especially when something fishy is going on.This was my worst experience eating out ever. I love Thai food and my friends and I were in Philly for the weekend and craving it for dinner so we walked the from UPenn. The servers are polite but it's confusing cause one of them wears her nurse uniform to work (guessing this is her night job). Anyway it took them 10 mins to seat us because the place was pretty packed since we walked in during prime dinner time. They actually told another group to move to a smaller table I guess because they needed the larger seating for us so I feel bad those other people had to deal with that. The menu from a glimpse seems okay but I'm the end (tax + tip) our meal came out to $20 per person. Basically we each ordered one meal my friends all got pad thai and I was the only one who ordered beef fried rice. Then we each got a drink so it was either Thai iced tea or Thai coffee. And we got 2 plates of appetizers/starters (chicken gyoza and vegetable spring rolls). So when the apps came out it was literally just 4 chicken gyozas and 2 spring rolls that they had cut in half and assembled as 4. Each app had a sauce too. The apps were actually pretty good and everyone enjoyed them for the very brief moment they were on the table. When our entrees came out they brought everyones order out except mine. The server actually brought me a plate of pad thai 5 mins after my friends started eating and I had to correct her since I ordered fried rice. Welp that took another like 7 minutes and in that time I drank my frozen thai iced tea. I've had good Thai iced tea before and I can confidently say this place does not make it good. The tea was overly sweet and kinda watery even though I ordered the frozen one so I wouldn't have larger ice cubes melt and dilute the tea (a 50cent extra btw). When my rice finally came I was already super starved and you would think I was ready to scarf down my food the way my friends had all done with theirs but no. The beef in my rice was visibly raw but I guess maybe they were going for a medium rare type deal? I wish they had told me they would do this cause I prolly would've just stuck to the free but semi nasty Philly cheesesteaks that I could've gotten. So, not only was the beef offputting but parts of the rice were moist to the extent that they congealed together into a ball of savory rice pudding. Don't get me wrong, rice pudding is great but when I'm eating fried rice I don't want that shit in pudding form. Then when I was halfway done with my food I noticed a hair at the bottom if the plate. That's when I just stopped eating and proceeded to stab the large slivers of semi raw onion in my rice while waiting for my friends to scarf down their pad thai. I literally left half the plate for them even though at the time I hadn't eaten food for 7hrs. I will note their music is interesting cause it sounds like they took a bunch of popular American songs and had one Thai girl cover them all. Anyway, I will definitely not be coming here again and I have no idea what my friends saw in this place.Great food! I also like their service regardless if only one person is working the tables sometimes. Friendly staff (as long as you're not rude to them). I notice some people complain about small rice portions or about auto tips. What I have to say to that is first off, if you are in college and don't know how to ask for more rice and only complain, then you might want to rethink your education. Second auto tipping. I think more businesses should do this, especially because people work for tips. Imagine working near college students who tip poorly. If you can't afford a tip why do you even choose to eat out? How can kids from one of the wealthiest schools in the nation not afford a tip? In my personal opinion I think it is very disrespectful. Only setback to this place is no bar, but with byob not many can complain. UPenn and Drexel are not even the top 5 schools in the nation and Philadelphia is ridiculously cheap. How can people not afford a tip? I guess they don't teach how to speak up for more rice or water at those schools. 
This restaurant will get my business for sure again and again.It was a surprise as We visited first time. Dishes were authentic Thai and delicious. Enjoyed the food. Look forward for next visit.I may have to adjust my rating for Pattaya after coming here...I really missed this place after it went away from campus 2 years ago, and was excited when I passed by on a route I take frequently everyday--so it's a very convenient location for me! My boyfriend and I walked in here on a snowy night, at around 9:30 PM; relatively empty since it just opened, but we didn't mind at all. We were seated prompted, attended to quickly, and our food came out in record time. I got drunken noodles with tofu like I usually do at Thai restaurants, and it was the best drunken noodles I've had so far! The tofu was perfectly crisp, and the noodles were not too greasy. My boyfriend ordered chicken pad thai, which I also preferred over that of Pattaya; not too greasy, ample amount of meat, generous heaping of peanuts. I'm definitely a fan and would come back for a nice dinner or BYO!Thai restaurant across from my old apartment - I would give it a 3.5
Pros:
- Dishes: pad see ew, drunken noodles, red curry 
- BYOB! lots of club BYOs have been held here - the space isn't huge but it does make for a good BYO spot
Cons:
- Portion for price isn't the best in my opinion
- Once ordered in person and had to wait ~30 minutes for 1 pad see ewFor my 500th review, I choose Thai Singha. I've regularly ordered catering from Thai Singha for a few years now & their delivery/catering service is excellent. Tom is consistently pleasant and professional. 
On top of the reliable service, Thai Singha serves the best Thai food I've had in Philadelphia so far & they are vegan-friendly. Even if a veg version of a curry isn't on the menu, you can ask them to do a dish with tofu or veggies instead of meat -- every time I've asked, they've readily accommodated. By far, the best dishes I've had for delivery/catering were the tofu & vegetable curries. The seafood/meats aren't as good and don't travel as well. This is not a problem, though, as even omnivores have loved the tofu/veg dishes I've ordered here. If you're organizing an event & need catering, I highly recommend Thai Singha.
Here's a rundown of some dishes I've tried [I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars]:
APPETIZERS
***** Papaya salad appetizer is great. It's tangy with lime dressing & has sweet & sour flavours, with deliciously fresh green papaya
****Chive Dumplings are fried up nicely & tasty with a chive filling
*** Triple mushroom salad was okay
*** Chicken satay was okay. Chicken was cooked fine 
*** Soups: I've tried coconut & other soups in the restaurant; they've all been pleasant
MAINS: VEGETARIAN (The vegetarian curries are the best!)
***** Vegetable Green curry is great when the broccoli soaks up the green coconut curry, all tender and tasty
****^ Vegetable Panang curry has a nice flavour, spicy and rich with peanut and coconut
****^ Drunken Noodles with tofu and vegetables are delightful in taste and texture. The chewy noodles absorb lots of spicy flavour
****Tofu swimming rama includes fried tofu cubes with broccoli and a peanut sauce. Nice dish that's not spicy but also flavourful from the peanut sauce
**** Vegetable red curry is spicy and flavourful, has bamboo shoots and other vegetables
*** Stir-fried mixed vegetables is fine. Nothing special, but it's a solid mild dish of vegetables 
**^ Veg pad thai is okay. 
MAINS: NON-VEGETARIAN
**** or **^ Fire Game Hen is the best meat dish I've had at the restaurant. The meat is cooked fairly tender and it's served with a very sweet sauce. It's best ordered In the restaurant (not takeout/delivery) as it's set on fire & makes quite a show. Served warm & fresh in the restaurant, it's 4 stars. When delivered, it's not as succulent, so only about 2.5 stars.
***^ Rack of lamb was not bad, fairly tender.
*** Cashew chicken & shrimp was okay 
** Thai style garlic squid is so-so. The squid doesn't have a great texture & is on the hard side
*^ Thai Curry Salmon was plain and not very flavourful. The large Salmon fillet was overcookedUnassuming little spot. Clean inside. Sweetest most patient waitress. My 'Crazy Chef' coconut soup was a bit too sweet for my palette but Pad Thai delish.