Solid food and experience. Lively atmosphere, cozy. If you are into amazing authentic Indian food I would go with managed expectations but still it hits the spot. Not a lot of Indian food places around here so it is nice to have another option.  As this place intends to be a gastropub/tavern as well as an Indian restaurant, a couple of additional points--There is also a decent drink menu, however the cocktail I had was not enjoyable (rose tequila over powered everything like crazy, not well balanced)
I understand this place just opened, but while the service was attentive, the server did not know anything about the cocktails to guide choosing.My husband and I enjoyed a really yummy meal at Thanal which honestly was as good as eating in one of the good Indian restaurants in India. I am so happy that they are in center city and so close to us. Even the happy hour menu has a lot of options and we really enjoyed the Gobhi Manchurian and chicken 65 and chicken tacos and the peshawari Naan. We plan to be regulars here!This location has changed hands a lot, but Thanal Indian Tavern is a total winner! 
The lunch buffet features more than a dozen items that change daily. Salad, soup, tea, dessert, and naan are part of the $13.99 price tag. 
Full bar. Friendly service. And a completely renovated interior that's contemporary and welcoming. 
Everyone should support this restaurant--what a great addition to the area!This place is the best in town. Awesome buffet with lot of varieties which taste incredible, definitely Bang for the Bucks we pay. Splendid service, amazing decor and incredible food what else do we need to enjoy our day. You made my day. Thank you Thanal team keep up the good work.Went here for the first time when they opened and we received excellent customer service. The crab naan is amazing and you can choose your spice level for any of the food. 
When we returned last night, the staff remembered us and presented us with the same great customer service. 
The food is really good!! I would highly recommend trying here if you are a fan of Indian food!The new management is doing a nice job. They have a really fun cocktail menu - classics with some traditional Indian ingredients, think: curry leaves, rosewater, cardamom. We loved the onion pakora and truffle naan. They don't wimp out on spice here. Our lamb korma, ordered at a level 3 heat, had quite a kick. 
Attentive service. Would love to try their week day buffet. Hope this spot does well.Fantastic dinner at this newly renovated Indian restaurant in our neighborhood. The place looks great and smells yummy! The service is attentive , and the food is delicious ! One appetizer was forgotten from our order, but we had tons of food, including a complementary dish-  after my husband and I mixed up what we had each ordered and mistakenly thought one dish was prepared with chicken that should have been vegetarian . Totally our error !  We can't wait to come back . Lots of vegetarian options .I keep coming back, trying new drinks and food. Uniformly top quality. I walked 30 minutes in the cold to get here tonight and am glad I did.Chicken 65 was good. Had Gongura mutton which was good and hard to find in other places of Philly.This place is fantastic! We live in the neighborhood and this particular corner has been a revolving door of restaurants. Please please please come to this place because we need it to stick around. The food is absolutely delicious. It's not your typical Indian fare, but seems more modern and the flavors have more depth. They completely renovated the place and the decor is warm and inviting. We'll definitely be regulars. The weekday buffet is especially awesome. Big shout out to the host, Shawn, who was so friendly, kind, and hospitable.I really, really wanted to give this place all the stars it could get.
Food/Drink -- good. I had the Mutton Sukka, which was spicy and cooked well but VERY salty. Drinks were excellent (Green Revolution) and the Rasamalai was a nice dessert to top it off.
Ambiance -- very nice. Clean, open space. Lots of four tops when I was in & a lot of take out traffic. 
Service -- these guys really, really tried. There were quite a few misteps here and they definitely attempted to recover, but the execution was simply off. Once they get some of the operational bumps smoothed out, I have no doubt the experience will be better.
I'm hoping I can re-review this place in the near future and give it a five! Until then, 4/5 it is.Brought my friend here for a bachelorette party and the staff were very accommodating. Food and drinks were on point. The staff was exceedingly friendly and went out their way to make sure we were welcome and taken care of. Highly recommend!Enchanting ambience, fantabulous Indian-western fusion menu, awesome appetizers and mouthwatering meat dishes. Not to forget the exotic cocktails / mocktails and the friendly service by the crew.  Don't miss it if you're in philly downtown - it's a must visit place.This place is seriously sooooo good. I ordered takeout and just ate it for the second night in a row and let me tell you it's just as tasty in night two as night one. Sidebar: I can't wait to try dining in - looks like fun :)Awesome indian food. Lunch buffet is great! Great serving staff and nice location! Tandoori chicken and samosas are good.This place was a welcome find after being turned away from another Indian restaurant at which we had a reservation. I can't say enough about how kind and welcoming the staff was. The food and drinks were amazing too!Great Indian food and staff is very accommodating. Nice atmosphere too. They have a fantastic selection of signature cocktails too.This Indian new comer is different and has a lot to offer. Their menu goes beyond the standard Indian fare available too widely with well-spiced and interesting dishes. Even their take on standards is superior to what is available elsewhere. Add to this excellent, creative cocktails, cordial service, and plenty of nearby parking. I've been twice and will return.Good food and Nice decor...
Dishes that we tried and loved 
Spiced Crab Naan 
Chicken tikka Taco 
Fish Apollo 
Cocktails - Bullet Bloody Mary
A must visit!!Good, although the reviews somehow had us expecting a really amazing,  ew-wave Indian experience.  The goat Pava soup is really flavorful, but quite spicy, and I was surprised by the two rather large gristle chunks (presumably to prove that yes, it was cooked from real goat trotters, since they weren't edible).   The Pakora fritters were excellent.
The plain Naan was fine, but next I would go for butter or garlic.  Our favorite main dish was the lamb korma, at level 2 spice, and that was outstanding.  Just delicious, not overly hot.  An eggplant vegetable dish was quite good, but a little oily, and the flavors were somehow not memorable.  Also level 2, but it still had quite a kick.Love the diversity of the menu! From North Indian cuisine to South Indian and a few fusion dishes as well. It was good!This review is for their Happy hours.
We were here on a Tuesday evening. After hearing so much from my friends, I had to try Thannal. Most people raved about their lunch buffet and I would really wanna try the buffet. 
So, we arrived by 5:15 and got seated immediately. The restaurant was semi filled and people kept coming and going.  The tables are placed very close to each other and you can hear your neighbors clearly. Unfortunately, the people sitting in the next table were a bit loud. But anyways, we knew what we wanted and so immediately ordered the food. Here is my review for food:
Chicken 65 - the best I've had in years. Liked it so much that we ordered 2 with spice level 10. Perfectly spicy and flavorful. Quantity good for one person. 
Chicken tikka tacos - were ok. The meat was well cooked and flavorful but didnt go well with the tacos.
Crab naan - was nice. Not the best but good. It had reasonable amount of meat and came with mint chutney.  They complimented the 65 well.
So, food was excellent. So why less stars?
Coz the service was not up to the mark.  Our food took lot of time to come. Happy hours food typically comes fast and not have to wait 30 mins. That's bad. You lost a star there.
The other thing was after our food arrived, we wanted to order more. But our server was no where to be found. There was one guy bringing food from kitchen but no one to take our order. So, again we had to wait and call out to get someone's attention. There goes another.
So, overall the food is delicious but service needs to improve. I will come back to try their lunch buffet.  Happy hours not so much.I set out this evening to check in on the festivities at the Parkway soirée at the Swan Memorial Fountain. The weather was a bit chilly for outdoor dinning so I strolled down 20th and stumbled upon Thanal. Not knowing what to expect I called in reinforcements and invited a friend to join me, she loves Indian food so I figured this was a good enough incentive. 
The vibe here is nuevo-Indian cusine, clean, well appointed and perfectly lighted, not too dark, and not too bright. The acoustics are such that you can carry on a conversation across your table and actually hear the other person without straining, nor is the din of the surroundings overbearing wherin you need a bull horn to be heard. 
Forgive me if it took till the third paragraph to get to the best part, the food here is nothing short of amazing. I'm a vegan so dinning out, unless it's at a vegan eatery is often problematic, not here.
The staff was highly attentive, knowledgable and professional, our server Cynthia was top notch and brought the entire experience over the top. 
Everything we ate was fresh, authentic and outdtanding. Even my Manhatten wad made to perfection. 
This place is an absolute find!Had an 80th birthday party for my father here last night with a total of 13 family members. The staff could not have been more happy and helpful. The food was fantastic.  This was by far the best Indian food experience our family has ever enjoyed.  Mohan and Hari were a real pleasure and they took wonderful care of our various food allergy needs with a variety of helpful suggestions.  Most of the menu items are gluten free, which made things easy for us all to share. We all left stuffed and satisfied. You can tell the owners are very proud of their new place and we wish them all the best with their new venture!  Thank you!Amazing  great customer service... the food wA great cintia is a good service I love the service. I had the good cocktail of Indian infused thank you for everything thank youFood is excellent, cocktails well crafted and the service friendly. Best Indian food I've had in a long time.Came here with a group last Saturday night and was really impressed. I have to say this is probably the best Indian food I've had in the city so far! We ordered a crispy cauliflower appetizer and a lamb appetizer, and both were exceptional. The naan (we tried garlic and also the sage and onion) were fresh and delicious! The owner encouraged us to try dishes other than our go-to, tikka masala, and we're so glad we did. Definitely interested in trying their lunch buffet in the future!!I came here over the weekend and I am so happy that they continue to provide exceptionally tasty food! We ordered the Mutton Sukka, Lamb Loin Laal Maas and Idly Podi and everything was really flavorful and delicious. For desserts we ordered the Gulab jamun with ice cream and Rasmalai and both were really really good - if you are into Indian sweets, definitely give them a go!This was a casual stumble after a friend recommended. Good place. We had a wide range of dishes (chili bajji, chicken chettinad, parotta, veg Korma and Biryani) and all of them were good and the spice levels right. However, the best of all and I'll go this place again for this, Basil Rasam. Having this on a cold day is the best. Go try it out .. you won't be disappointed ..We got a table for 2 easily on Friday night around 7:30pm. We were lucky finding a paid street parking across the street.
We had the crab filled naan (good taste, it can use a little bit more crab meat. We had the king fish dish. The taste was nice a tangy, however there were 4 pieces of fish on this dish. The saag paneer was average and Overpriced.
We might find other places for our Indian cuisine in Philly.Excellent south India food authentic and bursting with flavors and the exotic drinks were unique. Highly recommend and parking next doordelicious food, great atmosphere, also the bartender Hari qas awesome.  will absolutely come back here again. not overly expensive decent price rangeWe came on Thanal's first soft opening night after seeing someone post about it on Instagram, and had an absolutely incredible meal. The newly renovated space is modern and slick with plenty of tables, bar space and a private upstairs room. We started with the Spicy Crab Naan, which had a great flavor combo. Then we tried the Gobi Manchurian (crispy cauliflower florets with a spicy/tangy sauce), which my boyfriend declared one of his favorite vegetable dishes ever. Then we shared the Chicken Vindaloo, which was pleasantly spicy (a 6/10 on spice level), and a layered flaky Kerala Parotta. The bar has lots of great beers on draft - we chose Victory's Golden Monkey as it paired nicely with spicer dishes - and lots of delicious cocktail combinations. The staff was great too. Our server, Sean, said he was brand new, but you wouldn't know it because he provided great suggestions and was very attentive. We'll definitely be back!Great food and service. The menu is unique - my parents and I have been waiting for an exciting Indian restaurant to come to philly! Everything about this restaurant (food, drinks, ambiance, service) is 5 out of 5, however, it is pretty pricy compared to other Indian restaurants of equal caliber (which is saying something because they all tend to be pricy). 
Great for small and large groups alike - just make a reservation in advance!O.M.G. 
I'm so so happy this place opened up! Food tastes authentic and is darn delicious. I'm vegetarian and my friend is vegan - the place was very accommodating to our dietary restrictions, they have loads of vegetarian options. We got the Amchuri Okra/Bindi - a must try, Gobi Manchurian,      Peppers. All were really good, spicy with authentic flavors. 
A must try Indian place. I will definitely be going back !This place is amazing! The service was quick and they were so friendly and not to mention the food was amazing! 10/10 loved what I had and definitely will be going back.The quality of the food was not good at all and it's over priced. They don't even provide much options.I got takeout here for the first time and had a great experience! I got my order on time and it was a very easy process. My fiancé and I loved our food and we would definitely return! We ordered the Chana masala and butter chicken. Amazing!Was so excited by this place but just came from there and the service could not be worse. It was just me sitting at the end of a *very short* bar, but it took about 10mins to be acknowledged, at which time i ordered a glass of wine and some soup. The place was moderately full. 20 mins later had to ask for the soup. Then I had to flag someone down to order an entree. Then I had to ask another person for a beer. 20+ mins later, no food and i didn't bother with the beer. Then I asked for the check. The whole experience was insulting and i resent them even charging me for the glass wine and bowl of soup that I had chase them down to get. I've worked in the restaurant business for more than 20 years and these folks are just the worst.Every dish we tried was delicious. Fresh, instragram-worthy herbs in the water and in the meals made all the difference in the authentic flavors. Don't worry, the kitchen can keep the spices mild if you ask. Next time I'll be grabbing a cocktail, too. I watched in awe as the bartender equipped himself with beautiful glassware and topped his creations with rose petals and a preppy striped straw.Cute atmosphere. Nice service - all the staff really seemed to like each other and be working together. Delicious food. We loved the Gobi Manchurian, Tikka Masala, Samosa & Butter chicken. Planning to go back and try the entire menu. Mmmmmm!Went here for Valentine's Day. Even with the special menu that night, they were able to accommodate a vegan diet. Cozy space and great food. Would return again.We just tried this new Indian place that opened this week.  We liked the old one that closed recently in the same location, but decided to give this new one a try.  Wow!  We had the Gobi Manchurian and Chicken Tikka Masala.  Oh my god, this was sooo good.  Big menu with a lot of new choices.  Next time, we will try and dine in.  The only negative....now everyone will know how good it is!Place looks nice! Got take out: chicken tikka masala, veg samosa and garlic naan. Delicious! Asked for 'mild', this was right on the edge. Will definitely order again and probably eat in soon as well.Delicious food well served.  They have a nice variety of dishes and adjusted the spiciness according to our wishes.  Service was efficient, relaxed and friendly. Decor is a step up from most Indian restaurants in Philly.  We were there their first week, and we look forward to coming back!This is where I go for lunch when I am just ridiculously hungry and ready to have an amazing meal. Unfortunately, I can't tell you much about the specific dishes. They were all very foreign to me and so I can not identify them. What I can tell you is it was goooood! I go back again and again.
It's best to get there early during lunch because the buffet is popular! It fills up and sometimes there is a wait. But don't be discouraged. This all you can eat buffet is worth waiting for.
There is usually quite a few different kinds of meat including chicken, goat, and pork, with a few vegetarian options. Some of the other food is fried so I try to avoid it but when I do rarely eat it I never regret it! I also really like the chutney that is served with all of the vegetables.
To top it all off, the restaurant just has really phenomenal service. For me, that's what sets the tone and just makes this a five star experience. If you work in that part of town, don't pass this place up for lunch!Authentic Indian flavors and extensive tandoor items, the cocktails I tried were the best I ever had. Also want to try their daily buffet which have real good feedbackThey're hands down the best Indian restaurant in philly. They beat my other favorite which is karmaThis restaurant had delicious butter chicken - not too heavy and they spice to your liking. Last the tikii masala was good. Garlic naan excellent! 
Service was very good and he advised well on the menu. 
For only being open a short time I feel they have excellent food and have distinguished themselves.  
We did sit in the front of restaurant and was a little noisy.  If want quiet suggest the back.Me and a boyfriend went here on date night! Super sleek, yet inviting to all crowds and it's expensive but worth it! 
The cucumber cocktail I got was TO DIE FOR!  I wouldn't suggest just stopping by, make it an event.Awesome Indian food. Great neighborhood spot with an impressive draft beer list. Friendly, efficient service. G-to Indian place now for eat in or out.OMG! I am soooooo excited! We now have an "our Indian restaurant!" Friendly, affordable, and soooooo delicious! I am not an aficionado of Indian cuisine, but in my years of trying to become one, this is the best Indian food I've ever had. 
#NaanHeaven 
We will be back, soon and often!Exceptional service, food, and atmosphere.
I had the Spiced Crab Naan and Chicken Chettinad. Both were delicious. The atmosphere was clean, modern, and relaxing. And the service was very attentive. It is a place where you can tell the front of the house and the kitchen take pride both in the food and the customer experience.
I look forward to returning on my next trip to Philadelphia.Although not a huge place, looks like they recently remodeled and looks pretty nice. 
Started off with the chili paneer, mutton sukka (lamb), and chicken 65. All were great and full of flavor. For our entrée we got the masala dosa, paneer tikka masala, and chicken vindaloo. Even though accompanied with white rice, they all paired well with garlic naan. Ended the meal with gulab jamun, which definitely hit the spot.
Highly recommend everything we got and definitely going to return for another meal!Awesome food and desert was really great! Wanted to eat chicken tikka masala but accidentally ordered paneer tikka masala. But it was good.What a phenomenal addition to Philly's gamut of Indian restaurants and dare I say, the best authentic Indian food in the city. We had the cauliflower manchurian, lamb shank rogan josh, paneer makhni, naan and paratha. Everything was delicious- the meat was fall off the bone tender, the curries were adequately spiced and flavorful, and even the bread didn't disappoint. Add to that attentive and kind staff and a cozy interior, and you have a winner. We will be returning.We popped in here having never been before and with no expectations. The place is inviting and smells delicious. I loved the open air environment. The staff was all warm and friendly. I couldn't decide between two dishes I had never tried before so I asked the waiter to just bring me whichever of the two he liked better. He brought me the mushroom mutter dish and he was right; it was delicious, but I didn't discover that until later. Unfortunately I fell ill suddenly before our food arrived. Our waiter was so kind and understanding and got our food wrapped up quickly, as well as got our check to us right away. My fiance got the tandoori chicken and said that it was also delicious. We will totally return and see what else the menu has to offer!We came with a party of 12 without any reservation on a busy holiday season, but they were very hospitable and accommodated all of us in no time. The food is excellent and so is the service. Very prompt service. Loved it. Will come againSaw this lovely new place (opened 4 months ago) on Open Table, and it seemed to have good reviews. My 9 year old daughter had a craving for Indian food this evening so we drove into Philly for a meal. With their location at 20th and Arch, street parking was easy to find.  Lovely decor and comfortable modern seating (lots of windows). 
We tried the chicken tikka taco appetizer because it sounded interesting and we thought they were amazing.  
Food was beautifully presented and all the dishes were excellent, including the naan breads. My daughter also had high praise for the mango lassi.  We found the service to be friendly and excellent. 
We will definitely be frequenting Thanal in the future.My bf and I nabbed the last two seats at the bar last Friday around 7:30 and were so pleased with our meal here. The place was full so I guess a reservation is a good idea for guaranteed seating. We split the Gobi Manchurian as an app - which is the best thing to happen to cauliflower EVER - and the Thanal Goat Curry, which came with an ample portion of rice for sharing. I noticed everyone reviewed this place as pretty spicy. I'm a sucker for the burn of good spice, and you will get it here. I heard some servers asking if spice levels were ok. We weren't asked and were definitely happy with the heat of the main dish, but be cautioned: if you like the heat of Han Dynasty's 7 or higher, you'll be just fine here, but trust that a 5 will be really uncomfortable for less adventurous people dining with you and dial it down accordingly. We finished the app and had two more servings of curry leftovers we took home -- 
The atmosphere was modern trendy (yellow backlights and some trance-pop music after 8:30) with lots of young couples doing a dinner date as well as some four tops of tourists, but we liked that the ambience was numerous steps up from tablecloths and Formica tabletops of other Ekta and the like. Everyone was incredibly hospitable and attentive with regular water refills and multiple servers checked in that we were enjoying our meal when they were working behind the bar. Beer costs were a little high, but they're trying to match fine restaurant expectations, I get it. They also pushed the cocktails and desserts. We didn't have room, but maybe next time. And there will definitely be a next time! This is a great addition to Philly's dining scene and the west side of town in particular. Will definitely be going back, especially to try happy hour. Thanks, Thanal!!!Came across Thanal Indian Tavern during a trip to Philadelphia and was walking toward the museum of art. They were opening in 5 minutes so I looked them up on Yelp and decided to give them a try. I am always game for some Indian food. For lunch during the week they set up a little buffet or you can order off the menu. The buffet looked amazing so I opted for that. There were a couple dozen different items available. My favorites were the goat curry and chicken 65. There was so much stuff that the first two times I just put small samples of stuff on the plate to see what I liked. My third plate (these are just small ~8" plates) was just rice and the goat curry. Everything was delicious, though. I was worried that being a buffet the spice level would be too mild for me but there was a good range. There were also vegetarian options in the buffet. Service was great and the place quickly filled up while I was eating. Staff was very friendly.Quite possibly the finest indian food I've had on this continent. I cannot recommend this place highly enough!
The food is a bit mild - we asked for an 8 (out of 10) for our vindaloo and it tasted more like a 4 or 5, but the flavor as so incredible that none of us cared. 
If you're anywhere near here, make no other choice. If you're far away, plan a trip. You will not regret it!I used to go to Veda, but this place is so much better.  A more diverse selection of food and service is great.Philly needed this - an Indian restaurant with a slightly upscale vibe owing to the food quality, presentation and service. 
A total revamp from the last place which was called Indian cuisine (or something non-innovative). Space is small but decor is simple and classy. The service is great and staff is friendly. They also offered us complimentary appetizers and chai to end our meal.
We ordered the Kerala duck roast for appetizers and Lamb Loin Laal Maas with Garlic Naan. Both the dishes were so full of flavor and portion sizes were perfect! The garlic naan was thin, soft and aromatic and paired perfectly with the laal maas. Definitely try the Laal Maas and thank me later :) 
They also have a full bar with interesting cocktails made from Indian spices like cardamom and rosewater - definitely need to check out if you are into mixology. Dessert selection is limited but give the Tender coconut kheer a try - it is definitely one of the more creative desserts I have had - prepared with jaggery and coconut pulp presented in a real coconut. Highly recommended if you are craving for Indian food in Philly!Great food!!! We loved everything.
Eggplant koora was amazing same as the chicken tika masala and the garlic nan.
Samosas were amazing same as the chocolate desert.
Will come again!The wait was much for the food we got. We were told the wait time is 20 min, but it took good 40 min to get a table for 5. There is no waiting area on top of it and we were in between all the walking guests. Speaking about food, it wasnt great, maybe cos we were few of the last guests and the kitchen was about to close. The good thing is our waiter (guess he was the owner too) was friendly and gave us  heads up on prep time. Long story short, might not go there for good food.Good good Indian food in southern style of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. And impeccable service - trained at Four Seasons. Reasonable prices too.This is the best place for Indian food and we were welcomed by magnificent setting, a delightful of statues  and the luxuries of modernity.Lots of varieties and briyani is mouth watering. One time we ordered Gobi Manchurian and that was the best ever I had in my life , crispy and soft. The list can be keep going,but must visit place. Worth the money.We were here today at lunch. The place was not very busy but it was raining cats and dogs. We ordered the chicken taco, butter chicken and chicken vindaloo. The flavor for all the food that we ordered was AMAZING. I have been to many indian restaurants in philly and I have to say this is the best of all. Will be back very soon to try other dishes. And the server was really attentive. He was very welcoming. Cann't wait to go back.First time here and extremely happy with our visit. Prompt seating at 6 pm on a Thursday. Atmosphere was cozy, a bit loud, but comfortable.  Happy hour menu was varied and delicious complete with bogo draft beer. Our waiter was top notch, making recommendations and helping us capitalize on the HH pricing. Entrees (Korma and Masala) were delicious, and the naan was soft and flavorful. 
Thoroughly enjoyed this place and will certainly be back.A really pleasant surprise of a restaurant.  A dozen or so of us in town for a family Thanksgiving weekend went for dinner because it was nearby, and we had lots of different appetizers and main dishes.  We agreed that every one of them was excellent, with the spicy chicken and duck appetizers and butter chicken main dish being my favorites.  The waitstaff couldn't be nicer either, and I wish the restaurant much success.  I wish it weren't 2,000+ miles from home.Yayy I am a fan! After almost 2 months of wanting to try this place, I ended up going with some coworkers for lunch buffet. They get packed very fast so make sure you get there before 12pm. Their buffet is 14.99 + Tax so pretty good for center city.
Now for the food... I'm an Indian and I pride myself to be a good cook so I have very very high standards for Indian food. Thanal's food was pretty close to the level we get at restaurants in Edison or Jersey City. They had a vegetarian chat, chai, samosa, alu tikki, chicken 65 (10/10) and reshmi kebab for appetizers. 2 different chicken curries, lamb curry, chicken and vegetarian biryanis, jeera rice and a bunch of veg curries for entrees and gulab jamun for dessert. Food was a lot and they were constantly replenishing it so I did not see anything run out while we were there. One star less because gulab jamun was way too sweet (but oh so soft) and vegetarian curries could have been a little better.
Service is pretty good. They're quick to take your old used plates off the table when you go fill your new ones at the buffet.
I'll definitely go back to try their happy hours next.I am a businessman in philly for a very high profile hotel opening and was supposed to return with a recommendation. Very disappointed. !!
If you are a black person do not visit this restaurant. I am not one to pull the race card and this is my first ever review on yelp but it was VERY obvious that I was treated MUCH different than all other customers. 
First of all lady who was a server hardly gave me eye contact and never cracked even a small smile. I asked her  about something in the menu and she answered while she was wiping another table. 
Another guy at the bar with a beard almost tripped trying to open the door for another customer and laughed and thanked them for their patronage (never was offered to open door when I left :)). 
Furthermore no one EVER asked me if my food was good or anything like that. I felt invisible. By the way the restaurant was 75% empty so no excuse. 
One time I called a server over to ask a question and he answered with "what's up man!!"
The food was good but the experience totally masked that.pros: although quite expensive, podi idli is very good especially the coconut sauce that comes with it
naan was freshly made
cons: the paneer tikka masala had half a cup of oil floating on the top. Way more curry paste than paneer pieces inside and very spicy for a mild spice order.
rasam is overpriced and not that great
Overall the restaurant is way more expensive than others in the same category while most of their dishes are no different.Oh YUM! We went for an early dinner so took advantage of their happy hour specials. The appetizer were sooooo good! I would have happily eaten only the chicken 45(?) and cauliflower dishes for dinner. The drink prices were solid. Lots of variety for the meal. The staff were kind and fun. I can't wait to come back!The food, South Indian, is wonderful.  There isn't another Indian restaurant in town serving most of the dishes found here.  The menu is extensive and the tastes are very satisfying.  
It is worth noting there are a few caveats.  One, the noise level borders on deafening, at least downstairs.  It was quite difficult to hold a conversation.  We were told upstairs isn't as bad.  The other is that if one goes expecting the pricing found in West Philadelphia Indian restaurants or some of the older Indian establishments elsewhere he/she is in for a bit of surprise.  The prices fall somewhere between those less expensive places and the better mid-priced restaurants in general.  The pricing is reasonable but do not go expecting to pay the lower prices associated with so many "ethnic" restaurants.  There is also a full bar, something many of the BYOB Indian restaurants elsewhere do not have.  One of our party of four had a glass of wine while the remaining three had a sweet, non-alcoholic drink.  We had three breads, two appetizers and four entres.  Our bill with tip was $168.Best south Indian food in Philadelphia. Hands down. The food is absolutely delicious and very authentic. The servers are super attentive and friendly. It's my go to weekday dinner place. My favorites are: chicken tikka masala, dosa, chicken 65, Apollo fish, chicken biryani, and gunpowder shrimp tikka.I was invited to Thanal this evening by a coworker.  He apparently is a regular at this spot when he is in town.  He was greeted by the entire staff.  All of the staff was friendly and had pleasant smiles.  A nice, cute, chill atmosphere with a chic decor.   I must confess I had never tried Indian food before.  I figured if I found a shrimp dish it couldn't be bad.  Since I was doing low carb, the waiter recommended the Gunpowder Shrimp Tikka and my friend, the regular,  had the Tikka Chicken Masala.  OMG!!  They were both delicious.   The flavors were amazing.  There were so many things I wanted to try on the menu.  I will definitely be going back!!  Next time I want to sit at the bar.  It looked welcoming.  I didn't order a cocktail this time because my coworker wasn't drinking.  They had a special 2 for 1 drinks.   I was trying to behave.  Next time I will take pictures.  BTW - They are located a short walking distance from the Logan Hotel.Thanal which opened around two-three months ago is so far the best south indian lunch buffet around philly.Have been there 4 times , every time they kept the standards up and food was delicious.Best butter chicken I've ever had anywhere. Prompt and friendly service. Well-stocked bar. And a smooth soundtrack. Can't beat it.