My go to restaurant for Pho!  I can only go a few weeks before I start craving their soup.Great authentic vegan Pho! Flavorful broth with many other Vietnamese vegan noodle soup and vegan rice platter options. Im not a vegan, but a lot of my friends are and I have to admit that the "Vegan chicken Pho" tasted just like real chicken meat. Very impressed.3.5 Stars
This place was really really good a few years ago. But upon returning I wasn't too impressed. Don't get me wrong, the broth is still pretty good and they give you a decent amount of chicken. But that 4 star wow just isn't there . It costs $6.50 so comparable to other pho places, but other places definitely give you more. Also their summer rolls are $5.00 which is the highest I've ever seen anywhere else (they do give you 3 rolls instead of 3). 
There seems to be a new place that opened across the street that was packed. I am tempted to try that one the next time I'm in good ol' Kenso.I WANT to love this place. I really do. I love the idea of vegan noodles. I don't eat meat, and pho is the one thing I miss more than anything. The choices are vast, which is fantastic. The soup is just OK. The Vegan Chicken Pho is solid, but the protein in the Beef Pho is spongy & weird. 
My biggest issue is that the place is filthy. Like stuff splattered on the walls & never wiped away. The floor is dirty, the condiments need to be wiped down, it's just gross. And that's the stuff you DO see. 
The service leaves a little to be desired as well. It's slow in more than one sense of the word. My soup was on the way to the table & my server did a 180 and headed back to the kitchen. He headed back to the table a minute later, bowl in hand, apologizing profusely because the kitchen had put onions in my dish. I was totally confused, since I love onions & nothing was mentioned to the contrary. He proceed to explain that he knows a lot of vegans don't eat onions. Really?  What?  Uh, OK. But I dig onions, soooo I'm not  really sure where we were going with this. And I'm drinking an iced coffee, with MILK. That's not vegan. 
Honestly, this place would be incredible if it weren't for the obvious gross details. I guess my search continues.We ordered the chicken pho, spring rolls, and tofu bahn mi via Grub Hub. Nice to order from a restaurant in the neighborhood. Definitely made a difference in the quality of the food following delivery. Looking forward to placing this order again soon!- TIP: Summer Rolls are larger than most.  Don't miss them.
- CON: A bit more expensive than what similar dishes cost at places like Nam Phoung along Washington Ave.
- BOTTOM LINE: Would've never tried this place, but it was on the short list of restaurants available through UberEats.  Super pleasant surprise -- very generous portions and delicious bowls of pho.  The vegan pho was just as rich and flavorful as the beef pho (and that's coming from a meat lover).Love it. I have been coming here for years and it keeps getting better. 
The crab and pork spring rolls are the best, and the pho is incredible - I rarely get chicken pho anywhere else because it tends to be lesser quality than the beef but they do a great job of it here, I usually alternate meats between visits. 
The neighborhood is definitely shady but we have never had any problems.Don't let the location deter you. This place isn't a secret anymore. On my most recent visit this past Saturday it was full of hipsters probably from nearby Nolibs or Fishtown. The pho hear is excellent.  Whichever variation you order.  The shrimp summer rolls are also a great choice. Be prepared to leave here stuffed or taking home a doggy bag for tomorrow's lunch.The good is really Good here, not bad if you compare with (cafe THANH THANH across the street). Bun Cha HA NOI is their specialty and it's delicious.
P/S: By the way, if you are vegetarian, best choice for you to come and enjoy the noodle soup and chicken RICE.
Do chay o day cuc ky ngon luon do, nhat la mon BUN BO HUE chay :)This was my 4th trip to Thang Long. However, the other 3 were over 2-3 years ago. I moved about 2-3 blocks from this great little place and had forgotten it existed. The food is really inexpensive for the amount of food you get. The place is clean. 
I ordered the Grilled Pork over Vermicelli my boyfriend ordered Roast Duck over Rice. We also had an order spring rolls and an order of summer rolls. Everything tasted really fresh. I would like it better if it were a BYOB because they have 3 beers to choose from Bud, corona, and Heineken... none of these are on my list of beers to order with dinner out. The place has changed a tad in the past couple years. It was brighter inside now than it use to be. I feel like it use to look more like a sports bar and now it looks more like a restaurant. 
If you compare it to some of the places down on washington ave. It will lose. But to have a sit down place so close to our house and that has good food. 
so why only 3 stars? I have had better Vietnamese  food elsewhere. 
The service was ok.  nothing to brag about but once we ordered and got our food our waiter never came to ask if things were ok of ir we needed anything.  
This place might go into heavy rotation soon of where to grab dinner when I forget to put something out to thaw.  
my largest complaint about the whole place is the ladies room did not have any type of lock on the door.Most authentic pho spot in the whole East Coast. Try their Chicken Vermicelli with Bamboo Shoots or Chicken Pho for a true Vietnamese dining experience. Other menu items like Broken Rice with Pork Chops or Vermicelli with BBQ Pork are also amazing. Stay away from the fried spring rolls and go with the summer rolls if you're craving for one. Will definitely come back for more!Fucking food cost too much for the quality and quantity delivered to me.They have Banh Mi now!  I work about two blocks away and order from here at least twice a week.  Pho is awesome, chicken is super fresh since it comes from next door, and the bbq pork is incredible.  I've been trying to convince them to start delivering.Pre axe throwing energy needed.. So we decided to Pho it up. I liked this place, but I think I should've gotten something different. Plain chicken pho maybe? The hearts were just way too chewy in my "chicken special", I just wanted to try something different. I've only eaten chicken hearts once before, self cooked, but they definitely could've taken time to cut off the brachial tubes so that I wasn't pulling them out of my mouth like a savage every time. I'm no pho expert, so it was good, but idk the proper standard. All I know is I enjoyed my previous experience in Springfield better. It still made me warm inside though, so I can't complain too much, especially with the chili oil condimentsI've had their beef Pho, which was good. I have newly discovered chicken Pho, so I decided to try theirs. Sadly, the chicken was almost inedible. It was soooooo rubbery. I had to spit many pieces out and in order to swallow the pieces I did I had to give my chewing muscles a serious work out. I have no idea how you can make steamed chicken that terrible unless they microwaved it to heat it up. The broth was pretty good, but I did not like how they send the hoisin and the siracha mixed together in the same ramekin....I do not like that much spice but I am in love with hoisin so it was a difficult decision to make. Overall, pretty mediocre experience.Wow! This place is super busy now. Came in to pick up my take out beef pho (my favorite here) and thank goodness I called ahead. They're probably really busy now since being crowned "Best Beef Pho" in all of Philly. I'm a really picker eater, but I have to admit...I don't go anywhere else for my Pho fix. There's just not a better broth out there. Definitely worth the drive from NE Philly. I don't care that it's in Kensington either. Nothing ever happened to my car while parking under the El in the day time or night time. 
So glad that they have an Instagram now too! (@thanglongphilly) 
I get to see new items that are not on the menu yet and stay up to date with specials from the chef. They even have like 3 different types of Vegan summer rolls now that I didn't know about if I wasn't following them on IG. My wife is a vegan and she'll love it. Congrats Thang Long for being named best beef pho from the Philadelphia Inquirer. You guys deserve it.The soup was 'OK'.... I only eat seafood and they couldn't accommodate a simple request for one of their menu items. Instead of the protein(pork) on the vermicelli bowl, could I get another (shrimp). They said they couldn't do it. That's...very crappy on a very big level. 
At the time of service, the only patrons in the restaurant were me and a friend. Lame service.
Price is very cheap but cheap isn't always good. I know a much better place and only gave this a try cause I was in the area and it was spoken of highly .. Eh. Not really.This place is awesome!  What a hidden gem!   It's so nice to be able to get amazing Pho, and spring rolls so close to home.   The BBQ pork is pretty delicious as well, but it's hard to pass up that Pho!  This place deserves more dinner business, but I hear they rock & roll at lunchtime.   In an area where good Chinese food is non-existent, this place is a godsend!   Now if they can just start delivery.This place surprised me, the area is a bit rough if your not from around the way but it is well worth it ..good food   fair priceWe've been meaning to head over here for the last four years or so, and so glad that we did tonight! Even though we've lived in the area for years, we still rarely venture to any businesses or restaurants under the El, so it took us a while to actually go ahead and try Thang Long. 
We usually head down to Pho Ha on Washington St. for our pho fix, but my 39-weeks-pregnant wife came down with a cold and was craving pho during the snow today, so I called over to Thang Long around 7:15pm to see if they were still open. Thankfully, they were! It was much bigger than it would seem to be from the outside, quite a few tables. My wife got the chicken pho, I got the beef - first time there, wanted to try the basics. Thankfully, they offered my wife with bone & skin or with just white meat (we had a friend who went here who said the bones & skin mostly just got in the way), so she picked just white meat. 
What can I say? Excellent pho! The broth was delicious, the ingredients on the add-in plate were fresh and tasty, the beef was really good, and the chicken was delicious. The chicken even came with a plate of "dipping sauce" (basically seasoned salt) to help flavor the chicken even more if you desire. 
Service was friendly, but certainly not what you would call attentive. We ordered hot tea that never came, but we didn't get charged for it and we were so into eating our pho we didn't bother trying to track someone down to get our tea. Good prices, friendly faces - they even take cards ($15 minimum, which you won't meet if you get two standard phos). While we were there, two good friends of ours came in and got takeout pho, which is an interesting concept (we only ever eat it in the restaurant), so we might try that soon.Their #8 mushroom chicken noodle soup is pretty good.   I've tried other things on the menu but #8 stands out plus it's cheaper then across the street.I love this place! Me and the BF love coming here. The broth to every soup on the menu are so flavorful, being that their location is a bit scary. BUT WHO CARES! Their food is awesome! Fantastic spring rolls, great menu and awesome avocado smoothies! Yum!Great spot for Pho.  Food is excellent.  Eat there!Sketchy outside but its nice and remodeled inside. Staff is friendly and fast. Limited menu. I only tried one dish: clear noodles with chicken and bamboo (mien ga mang). The broth was so salty. The chicken was rubbery and they skimped on the bamboo. Probably won't be back if I'm not in the area.I wrote my last review a little less than a year ago. I am now a regular of this joint and love it.. The service is so much better now. The food is so good. I am so glad to have this place so close to my house.My husband and I love this place, the pho has never once disappointed. I usually stick to the veggie pho, but my husband loves the beef (best in the city) and the shrimp wontons. Very quick and clean service. We love Thang Long!This place has been here for ten years yet I just heard about it. I've only explored the chicken and beef Pho offerings so far but my first impression is solid. Only ordered take-out so I can't speak for the whole experience. The price point rivals that of the Vietnamese standards on Washington Ave. The very friendly host also let me know that they will soon be opening a location in Northern Liberties as well. Next item to tackle is the Bahn Mi but for now, I'm happy to call Thang Long my new Fishtown/Kenso local go-to pho joint.I don't usually pay attention to reviews by foodie douches, but I like pho and live around the area so I decided to try a bowl when I was in the neighborhood.
It's good stuff. Portions are on the smaller side, but still reasonable. Would go again.if you are not near Washington street and looking for some inexpensive, fast, and delicious Vietnamese food, this place is great!  I enjoyed some tasty spring rolls to start, followed by the chicken noodle soup.  Both were excellent!  Two of us were able to eat a satisfying dinner and have leftovers for a total of $20, including tip.
The decor is modest, but does the trick.  Service was efficient and matter-of-fact.Came on a early weekend night. The place was empty besides maybe 1 or 2 tables taken. Interior was modern, clean and big. The menu was simple and my group and I orderes the beef pho. The bowls came out hot with lots of toppings. One star off because the beef was not good. It was most likely the scraps left over. Would I come again, yes but I'll order the chicken pho instead.Excellent dishes all around. Even a whole vegan menu (have tried the tofu pho which is delicious, where vegetarian phos are often lacking).Phenomenal! So many vegan options, tastes delicious and courteous staff. It seems that it's becoming hip and popular! Neighbor hood SUX. I would not want to be there after 5PM.
Prices are fair. Will Def make it a new spot for me!A restaurant of such high quality which should be the basis of all food establishments. Never disappointing and staffed by pros. The food....like the universe....deserves infinite stars.I have tried many Vietnamese restaurants in Philly and this is my favorite. The food is always fresh and delicious. Service is also excellent. My go to is the Chicken Pho and Spring Rolls. Vietnamese Coffee is always on point as well.If you're looking for authentic Northern Vietnamese cusine, look  no further! Thăng Long is the place to go! Bún Ch Hà Ni, Ph Gà, Bún Măng Vt and dont forget to order a steamed chicken for the table to share! Again, BÚN CH HÀ NI is a MUST! I honestly dont think you can find a more authentic Bún ch apart from that at Thăng Long in Philly :)This place is in a pretty shitty neighborhood so I was kind of hesitant but I'm happy I tried it . The menu is small so not a lot of options but the food is delicious! My boyfriend got the wonton soup with beef and shrimp dumpling I tried some and it was delicious & so flavorful. I got the pork belly over rice and it came with spring rolls and egg drop soup and it was really good.  Even the lil bowl of egg drop soup I loved it .I had gotten a spread between me and my girl which included beef pho, chicken pho, spicy lemon grass chick with rice , I believe the hanoi bahn mi, chicken bah mi, summer rolls the tofu and shrimp variety, and  viet iced coffee......everything was great such fresh ingredients especially for the price point and really fast delivery via grub hub..... 
Beef pho- really great broth which is a must for this dish... Delivered with 2 extra containers.one with the actual slices beef in its own au jou  the other with noodles and all the extra condiments including lime Mint bean sprouts onions cilantro jalapeños and hoisin sauce ... I did not ask for spicy sauce and didn't get it but I have tons at home anyway
Chicken pho was the similar but meat was in same package as the noodles 
Bothe of the pho is great would definitely order both again I feel like I should actually eat at this place to truly get the experience 
The rolls were great with again fresh ingredients and really good peanut sauce which compliments it well 
The Hanoi bahn mi was amazing as well.... Very large ...I like spice and I will ask for jalapeños next time.... the meat was plentiful fatty and succulent which is exactly what I wanted when I ordered this and I had my fair share of bahn mi around the city 
The chicken had the same ingredients.... Chicken is the sandwich was cooked well and was not dry at all.... Would defiantly order this again if I would looking for a healthier option in comparison to the pork version 
The spicy lemongrass was good .... Very boney which makes it flavorful but a little harder to eat this was probably one thing I ordered which I don't think I would order this again just because the other things I order were soo good 
The viet iced coffee was standard 4 dollars seems expensive for what it is however I would order again considering how great everything else is ... I would order again and would need that kind of coffee with my sandwich :) !
Bottom line - if your itching for delivery pho and bahn mi  this place is not going to disappoint and We didn't eat all of it in one sittingThird time coming here and the food is really good. I really enjoy all of the different dipping sauces and the prices are reasonable. My only constructive criticism would be the service, as they don't check on you as often as I'd like. Also, if you have a credit or debit card with a chip in it, their machine can't read it and you'll be forced to either pay cash or use a non-chip card.I feel lucky to have an authentic vietnamese restaurant that's affordable and delicious at the same time, right down the street from my house! Food here is always fresh. My favorites are chicken pho, beef pho, rice with grilled pork and summer rolls. The staffs are friendly and accommodating. I love this place!I ordered takeout from here on a whim and I am happy that I did. I ordered the Vegan Pho and Vegan Summer Rolls. I am a vegetarian and am always disappointed with flavorless broths - but not this one. The Pho was delightful with tons of flavor. The Summer Rolls were also large and tasty. I will be ordering from here again.-Delicious vegetarian pho in Kensington  
- Giant veggie summer rolls
- Friendly and attentive staffChicken pho with clear noodle, order it and enjoy.
I've tried the regular chicken pho here at Thang Long and their competitor across the street.  I can't speak to the direct food comparison since I'm not a super food expert.  However I can say that the overall experience here is much better.  The restaurant is spacious and well kept, most importantly though it seems cleaner than its competitor and the owner/family here offer a more friendly dining experience.
I like clear noodle since it does not soak up the soup or change texture.  If you've never tried it, give it a chance.  Have not tried their beef pho because I can't come here and not order the chicken pho with clear noodle.
They seem to have attracted a more diverse range of clientele since being published in the news.  Location is not the greatest but it is what it is.  If they can get their interior/ambience/decor up to snuff then this is without doubt a 5 star pho dining experience.
That said, this is my favorite and my go to pho stop.Best pho, ramen, and spring rolls ever. Everything came out fairly quick, got, and super fresh. Definitely recommend this spot if you're obsessed with Asian food like I am.They have the best Pho Ga, their soup is very flavorful and the chicken is very moist, I like to come here and eat here alot. It may be a small business but the people are fair and reasonable, they have service. I'd eat here if you want pho better than pho 75, and pho hoa, or any other places like that.favorite beef pho in philly and my go to for authentic Vietnamese food in the area. reluctant to give them my 5 star rating bc I'm a little selfish. I've had almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed. 
Favorites (besides pho): summer rolls, beef stew, lemongrass beef, and Hanoi grilled pork. 
If you're feeling like soup: beef pho
If you're feeling adventurous: special beef pho
I hear the chicken pho is great but I personally always prefer red meat. I recommend eating in (service is great and the restaurant is clean) but if you don't feel like changing out of your PJs they also do take out ;)I have absolutely nothing to complain about.  The staff we friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant was clean and inviting. The service was fast the food was amazing.  I got the vegan chicken pho' it was so good (Im not vegan).  I would definitely get it again.  Love this little jem. Go and try it.  I promise they wont disappoint.Craig Laban called this place the best beef pho in Philly. Obviously, I had to check it out, since my favorite place has really slipped in the past few months.
We rolled up under the El one cold, dark evening and were greeted by the nicest staff. We ordered the spring rolls, Hanoi pork special, and beef pho special sans tripe ($10). The pho comes out, and it is literally twice the size of any other large bowl of pho in the city. It was chock full of very thinly sliced filet, brisket, meatballs, and no tripe. The broth here reminds me of my mom's with liberal use of the seasonings. You can really taste the roasted onion and star anise here! 
I would definitely come back with my vegetarian friends -- they have a whole selection of vegetarian/vegan phos, a rarity in Philly.Fabulous!! My husband and I ordered delivery from here after a long day moving in to our new apartment. LOVE all of the vegan options. I got the tofu pho and he got the chicken pho and summer rolls. Delivery was super quick and good was fresh and hit. Great portions. Only con would be that I can't order vegan summer rolls for delivery but I did see that they offer more options at the location. Stopping by next time! Yum!Tried their chicken pho here one time because pho ga thanh thanh across the street was super crowded. Their pho ga was disgusting, from the dipping sauce to the chicken broth. It looked so plain and white, not appetizing at all. The broth taste more like artificial broth you get from a can. I had their Ha Noi style noodles from them too and it wasn't good at all. Well next time I know Not to cheat on my go to chicken pho spot.This place is a hidden gem , honestly.
Had the pork chop with broken rice ...so good and not lacking in size either . Will be back for the Pho !!I like their vegan noodles, those are must try if you come to this restaurant. Pho is not the best I've ever had but decent enough. If you want to come here you should order egg rolls for appetizer.My go to for pho, for a few reasons...
1. vegan menu if you have vegetarian friends
2. summer rolls are the best in the city
3. service is excellent. they are incredibly accommodating, too. want your pho with no noodles? done. want it with something weird, or double the meat? done, no problem. 
4. everything on the menu is super tasty
I recommend you try the summer rolls, vietnamese coffee, chicken pho, and roasted duckHonestly, only came here because the shop across from them was full and I don't regret this visit one bit. The restaurant seemed much more spacious and clean than the much more popular one across the street which is super cramped and hot but it is known for their chicken pho. 
Service was spot on and quick. I ordered their spicy beef noodles and their chicken pho. They were both equally amazing in portion and broth. The chicken was tender and paired nicely with the lime, salt, pepper and habanero sauce they gave us. The broth was light and flavorful and the noodles were just perfect. Come here if you want to eat in a chill environment accompanied with good food and actual breathing space.These guys are resting on their laurels after Craig LeBan's glowing review. Portions are getting smaller with every visit, and the pho sucks. Go someplace else.Got take out from here last night and it was amazing. Both the shrimp/ chicken pho and the summer rolls were perfectly seasoned and packed with flavor. My boyfriend got the mixture with dumplings and egg noodles and loved them as well. 
 I was also super impressed that the gentleman who answered the phone, was gracious in answering all of my gluten free questions and how to modify their dishes. One more star would've been given if the area wasn't so scary to get to and if they included more noodles in their to go food. Will definitely  be returning.glad I found this place after Thanh Thanh across the street closed early. The #25 beef pho was huge, spring rolls are deliciousThe broth was really good, service really good and taste really good. It had that authentic taste. My only issue was a big one for me. The beef was like steak em, I'm not sure if that's what it was but it looked like it was cheesesteak in the pho. I was really disappointed with that. My review is more of a 3.5 but I couldn't give a 4 because of the meat.
I would recommend to try but I prefer actual non processed beef and tripe and tendon.This place offers authentic Vietnamese food at a great price!  The Tran family are truly nice people, the recipes they use are straight from Vietnam.  They offer over 24 different dishes as well as 8 different vegan dishes too!  I have to mention the bubble tea also, they have 8 different kinds ranging from Mango to Avocado.  Trust me when I tell you that you will not be disappointed when you come here!!!Just named Best Beef Pho in Philly by Philadelphia  Inquirer Food Critic Craig LaBan.  This place lives up to the hype.  Best authentic Northern Vietnamese food in town!  Dine here many times & the food do not disappoint.  Always fresh & hot.  Staff is friendly & accommodating.This is a great little mom and pop place in the heart of Kensington.  No frills but great service and delicious food  I had a vermicelli dish and my friend had the special pho and we both loved our meal.Yeah pretty awesome. I've yet to have a bad meal here. The beef stew is excellent and the chicken pho is particularly good. It's made traditionally (which means skin-on for all the squeamish people who don't like to think about where meat comes from) but you can have it in americanized-all-white-meat style if you're the type of person who goes to another country to eat at McDonalds. Really really really try the combination shrimp wonton, roast pork and duck noodle soup- it is an amazing bowl of love.I have eaten here twice. The first time I had the beef stew with egg noodles. It was incredible. Salty and savory and flavorful, and I am no stranger to Vietnamese food. The second time I had the lemongrass beef over noodles. This was not as good as noodle bowls I've had at other restaurants, but I ate enough that I there wasnt enough left to take home. The price is great for the quantity and quality. The atmosphere is no frills, small. Many extra sauces and toppings free on the table. All in all, stick with anything broth based. They also have MANY vegan and vegetarian options for those who (unlike myself) do not eat meat and/or dairy.Thang Long's Chicken Pho noodle soup is awesome!  The Pho comes out quickly in a bowl, super hot and fresh with perfectly cooked chopped chicken layered on top.  The Pho comes out sooo hot that I need to give myself a 5 minute timeout before I dive in otherwise I'll hurt/burn my tongue which I've done on a few occasions.  The broth is wonderfully clear and the chicken flavor definitely comes across with the right combination of salt and pepper.  You can also supersize the Pho with wontons if you are hungry.  I definitely recommend this addition if you've got room in the tummy.  I've on other occasions tried the fried pork chop over rice but felt it was over fried which made part of the pork chop inedible.  There is a delicious side soup that comes with the entree that is made with the same Pho broth with an egg mixed in.   
The service varies and can be gruff.  The times I've sat down and received service from the owner or his son have been great.  In fact, it's kinda nice to hear the owner chat about how he began his business and the effort he puts into his craft.  He speaks with great enthusiasm for his work even in his advanced age.  More often than not however I've been waited on by someone else and it's in those instances I've felt an indifference for my business.  
Parking is not difficult in the evenings but the neighborhood feels super sketchy.  I try to park as close to the restaurant as possible.  The combination of service and parking are reasons I don't visit as frequently.The best vegan pho I've ever had! The spicy meatball broth is to die for. Usually veggie pho's are bland with no flavor. My husband and I couldn't believe how good it was. Also tried the spring roll vermicelli noodle dish, very very good!I've been to this place a handful of times now and I've never been let down. This place really deserves a better location, but I wouldn't let it being under the El in Kensington deter you. The staff is very friendly and readily accommodates simple substitutions (like swapping a protein in a summer roll or noodle bowl). I can't speak for the regular menu, but they have an excellent vegetarian/vegan menu with tofu and interesting meat/seafood substitutes. They don't tend to hand out the veggie menu by default, so you may have to ask for it specifically. I also can't go without getting the avocado shake, which is one of the best things I've ever put in my face. Everything's very reasonably priced as well.
My only gripe would be the lack of delivery, but the food is well worth going to pick up, especially if you live closer than any of the Pho places down on Washington (though I'd still take Thang Long for their veggie menu).So so good, lucky to have this local. Plus, vegan optionsListen guys, love the restaurant. LOVE IT. But you have to bring back the Banh Mi. HAVE TO! Please?We had the chicken pho and spring rolls, everything was so fresh. Decided on this place because i have a cold and my boyfriend swore that that this would help with my sore throat and it sooo did. The portions were ample and price was very reasonable.  I would recommend this place.I love this place. It's my go to whether dining in or taking out. I appreciate the slim selections when everything is so bleeping delicious and authentic. The broth is so true to the heart making any pho/soup is a good choice. Also don't skip out on the spring rolls!Best Vietnamese restaurant on the East coast. The northern style dishes are absolutely legit. I can't decide between the chicken pho and the Hanoi grilled pork with vermicelli--so I just order both.Great Pho run by a great family! You'll never leave hungry or disappointed!We were in the area visiting our daughter who goes to Temple, and wanted to find a dinner place that had vegetarian & non-vegetarian options.  Searched web and found this little Vietnamese place, which I am happy we did.  We had  a party of 5, and most of us ended up wiht one of the Vegan Pho dishes that seemed plentiful on the menu (vegan chicken, vegan seafood, vegan meatballs, etc....)  The Pho was very good, and everyone in our group seemed to enjoy what they had.  They served a plateful of bean sprouts, fresh basil, lime wedges, and jalapeno pepper slices, of which we used it all.  They had the standard hoisin, sirachi, pepper sauce, etc... along with all utensils (including forks) right there on the table.  The service was fine - they took our order and brought the food out pretty quickly, and they were smart to drop a pitcher of water off at the table so we could refill our glasses as we needed.  Tables are arranged to seat about 10+ people per table, so we ended up sharing our table with another party, which worked out well, as we enjoy meeting new people.  The only knock on this Vietnamese restaurant is that they had a lot of vegan pho options on the menu, but not a lot of non-pho based options.  It might be better to offer more non-pho options (i.e. bun, etc...), as well, and maybe more non-vegan options.  But overall, the food was good, as was the service, and next time we are in the area, this is definitely a very good option.There's nothing better than a warm bowl of soup on a cold day. I've only ever had the chicken pho here, but its hands down the best I've ever had; other places just don't compare. The crab spring rolls are amazing and come alongside a wonderfully tangy dipping sauce. This restaurant also offers delivery via a very popular app, however I highly suggest dining in as I thought the portion of pho was better in house.
The neighborhood is definitely shady, but that isn't going to keep me away. Don't let it keep you away either!Lots of vegan options. The fake duck soup was tasty:) not a good location but worth trying the place. Helpful staff and cool chopsticksThis place is great, We come here once a week. The pho, duck, beef stew are all excellent. They are very clean too. They now have a vegetarian menu. Will try that soon.Best Vegan Pho and they have other vegan options as well. Food is flavorful! Tried the vegan chicken pho, vegan beef pho and vegan spring rollsYum.  Nice vegetarian pho.  I won't say hands down the best I've ever had, but pretty good.  I would try something else vegetarian here.Ordered via GrubHub. I was very surprised at how good the pho was. My girlfriend and I got a chicken pho and a beef pho. Portions were a good size, the broth was delicious, and all of the fixings were incredibly fresh. Overall it was delicious and this will be our go-to pho spot from now on. Absolutely deserves a try from anyone.Love coming to this hidden gem down in the crack of the Kensington area. People under-estimate coming down to this area bc they consider it the "ghetto" but people are missing out. Thang Long is walking distance from my grandparents house, where I was born & raised. You get the "home" feeling dining at Thang Long. It's your must go-to "Mom & Pop" restaurant. I always get my favorite here which is the Bun Cha Ha Noi. But I must include, everything on the menu is great!(note: I should not be writing this hungry, probably this is the reason I'm giving it four stars. The reality is it probably deserves a high C to low B. I do find myself frustrated with the caliber of Pho I've come across thus far in Philly.)
I've tried the beef, chicken and seafood noodle soups; no matter what your protein may be what it all comes down to in terms of Pho is broth. Thang Long's broth comes out fast and hot. It has a touch of mid-palate spice which falls off into a subtle sweet/anise taste complimented with a buttery finish. It's not too watered down and it doesn't taste too meaty. I will say some spices and shallots tend to collect at the bottom leaving you with a bowl of gritty broth, once you've got to the bottom.
The decor is minimal, more so than most viet joints. Its never super busy and the staff is usually happy to assist with questions, unlike some Chinatown shops where they look at you like they don't know what you're doing in the restaurant. Also, it's located right next to the Huntingdon stop, so don't let the Kensington address deter you.
They don't have veggie pho. They can not be faulted severely since no one serves a (decent) veggie pho!
edit: introduced full vegan menu. moving to five stars!