My name is Victor...so of course we had to go here!!  We were visiting Philly for Spring Break and little did I know that this is where Sylvester Stallone did the restaurant scenes for his role as Rocky in the Creed movie.  The store front is very traditional and the building was unique with an upstairs bar to wait and relax...when you show up without a reservation...like we did the first time :)!!  The manager and hostess were gracious and made us feel very welcome...this is a popular place!
We were unaware that this is the home of "the Operatic singing wait staff"!! Lucy was our server the first time we went (yes, we went back a second) she was very gracious and had a wonderful voice!  Turns out she is from Argentina!  All the singers that evening had a wonderful voice and a huge shout out to the young couple from out of state that were given the opportunity to sing for the crowd!  They were Seniors in HS and had beautiful voices.  Definitely one of the highlights of our trip!Cool place where the wait staff are all trained opera singers.  Good food and nice wine selection.  Romantic.Food: 3.5
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 5
Value: 4
This place is special. While you are in an historic Italian restaurant in South Philly, it isn't necessarily the food that you are here for. It is the experience of the place. That being said, the food is certainly serviceable. This place would be even higher in terms of experience if the 2 person booths weren't so unbelievably small and uncomfortable.We walked in and the smile became wider and wider and folks I must tell you it made me have nostalgia as if I had seen this place before like my last life more than 90 years ago.  
I don't have to talk about food which is a 5/5. The Burratta is as fresh as one could get direct from the farm. The pesto with bread is breathtaking it was simply delicious. We closed our eyes and savoured every lil bit of morsel.  We had Tortellini the Ravioli and Prince Egor with caviar.  All is all a 6/5 with the service the opera performance. 
WE LOVE THIS PLACEA hidden gem in South Philly! Stopped in after a Phillies game and was impressed. I was never to sure about these rowhouse style restaurants, but I am sold. I ordered the Spicy Lamb Bolognese and my wife had the Homemade Crab Ravioli in a cream sauce. The food was so good I used the bread and wiped up every last drop of sauce. The atmosphere was authentic old world italian. Our server and the service was excellent. The best part was when all the servers (all trained opera singers mind you) take turns and sing an opera aria. I'm not an opera person, but this put an exclamation point on the meal and wrapped a bow around the entire evening. I didn't want to leave! I topped it off with Tiramisu and a Chocolate Martini. ECCEZIONALE!!
Did the Phillies win? No. Who cares! I will be back soon!!Victor Cafe is a real gem...make sure when you go you have a drink upstairs in the lounge because it is quite the experience...when we got there we were greeted by Rick, the owner and he was very genuine and humble and took good care of us...the calamari was some of the best I've ever had...the food was very good too...the experience was PHENOMENAL!...every 15-20 min or so one of the staff gets up and sings operatic numbers...and they are ALL incredible...a must see stop in Philly!!!...Opera + great food + excellent service + post-prohibition history = 5 stars!!
This restaurant is something unique. Let's start with opera. Most servers will perform at least once during your time there, so you get a great variety of performances - women, men, duos, French, Italian, etc. Our waiter, David, performed an exceptionally emotional duo performance. He was also a great waiter and seemingly great guy. He managed our girls night silliness with fun, poise and professionalism.
Food was DELICIOUS! We all got pasta and we were all very happy. I got the ravioli - you can't go wrong with that. I also tasted the tortellini. Salads are big and shareable. Dessert was tasty - both were great the chocolate cake and tiramisu.
Noise level was great. Other tables seemed very friendly - a nice crowd overall.
This restaurant is unique and gives Philly some creative flair. Go and keep John DiStefano's post-Prohibition 1933 dream of food and music alive!I love this place and have been here too many times! The singing is excellent and the restaurant is perfect to celebrate a special occasion.
The food is excellent and the restaurant is pretty economical, given the service, ambiance and the opera singing :)Wow! This is such a great spot. The dining experience from start to finish was so much fun and very memorable. I felt like I was on a vacation and forgot I was in Philadelphia! We started our night with drinks upstairs. I highly recommend arriving early to get a cocktail up stairs in the lounge. After drinks we were seated at a great table and immediately experienced the opera singing! These employees are so amazing and talented. We really enjoyed the occasional performances throughout the night. 
On top of all the fun entertainment, the food was incredible. We loved the pesto the serve with the bread. Both the burrata and calamari were great starters to share. All six of us got different entrees and everyone raved about there own dish. I ordered the Fra Diavolo with shrimp and it was perfectly spicy and very good. I tried some of my husbands Veal Picatta and the lemon butter sauce was light and flavorful. 
We ended our night with the staff singing happy birthday to my mom, and shared a yummy cannoli. It was a great spot to celebrate my mom's birthday. Victor Café is the full package and I can't wait to go back!So one of my buds wanted to see this place due to movies being filmed here (see their website) and so we decided to walk from Reading Terminal to here. I have to say it was worth it. This review is mostly for the upstairs bar but we did not expect such a nice upscale setup.  I would definitely spend more time here watching more football games with the comfy setup. Drinks were well made according to my friends (I had a beer).
But the best part was I had so much to drink throughout the day that I left my credit card here and they mailed it back to me!!!! They are awesome and the 5 stars I have chosen to give is well deserved. Thanks guys!Mobster pasta, yes!  Opera, yes!
If I were a gambling man, I'd say at least one person was shot here during the hard mafia days, I can feel it eminating from the floorboards!  The atmosphere is very cozy and great for a date night.  Worn photos and decadent art litters the walls.  You're greeted with that old building scent mixed with pasta sauce.
The servers are very friendly and, they're all opera singers.  That's right, every 20 minutes or so they will jangle a bell and sing an aria for you.  They do it free of charge but I'm sure the restaurant is tacking it on to the food price, which is high.  Regardless, the food typically takes a while to come out but it has been perfect for me every time.  I especially love the Diablo pasta, it is very spicy and the seafood is cooked just right.  
There are 2 reasons I give this place 4 stars instead of 5.  It IS expensive and I typically have to take a cab there.  Yes, I could walk, but you have to go through a few sketchy spots to get to a sketchy spot... not sure if I want to do that at night and parking isn't great around there.  Apart from that, I do enjoy it!Such an amazing place for dinner!   Had a reservation for 8:15 on Saturday for 5 people.  We went early to have drinks in the upstairs lounge.  The lounge is intimate with candles and couches and chairs.  The bartender was really nice and accommodating.   THe hostess came and was able to sit us about half an hour early.  
Our dinner waitress was efficient and nice. She didn't rush us and was able to answer any questions we had. Food was superb but the singing was phenomenal!   The opera singing will bring you to tears!   I definitely would go back the next time i am in townIf you are looking for an authentic Italian food experience in South Philly than this has to be near the top of the list.  Friendly wait staff, delicious food, casual atmosphere and wonderful rustic decor.  You can feel all of the great experiences that diners have experienced here in its many years of existence as you enter the front door.  The wait staff are opera students and take turns singing snippets of opera.  
Charming warm and wonderful.  It's a must visit.It was delicious food and incredible atmosphere! Opera singers are so talented . I ordered  whole fish and it was amazing !!!I cannot believe for a year I've been coming to this block solely for Green Eggs, when this little gem exists right across the street. I almost didn't write this review because I want to keep this place all to myself. But I had to share that Victor Cafe was one of the most wonderful surprises I've ever had when it comes to dining experiences. We chose the cafe simply based upon the fact that my roommate wanted a bolognese. (which she had, and was delicious). The performances totally surprised and wowed us. And the quality of the food and service was outrageously good. I had the Prince Igor and I would 100% get the exact same thing on a return trip. It is a great place to take your Italian grandparents (or parent, as accompanied us), or even a first date, considering the fact that the performances can break up conversation if you have a fear it'll get awkward. But seriously, you have to go here. And it HAS to be on someone's birthday, for a special treat from Victor Cafe!Went there for dinner for the first time and had a nice time. It's a definitely a different experience with the opera singers singing to you. Worth a visit!Amazing dinner experience. The waiter and waitress are also the singers who sang beautifully. Food is excellent. My salmon was perfectly cooked with delicious sauce. Berry salad was very good. Tiramisu is good too. My only complaint is they were already out of pork chop and zablagione although we were there early. Definitely coming back.What a neat dining experience!  A family owned Italian restaurant making great food, with excellent service, and outstanding operatic singing wait staff. 
I enjoyed chicken livers sautéed with fresh mushrooms, onions, and tomatoes, and then stirred in with linguine. It was delicious!The Victor Cafe deserves commentary not just on the food and service, but also on the restaurant's history, starting as a record store almost a century ago. The restaurant didn't open until the 1930's, but is still owned by the same family, which is remarkable in and of itself. Given its long history, I don't think it deserves anything less than to be taken seriously. Yet it teeters on the edge of being a tourist trap. But during my recent 2016 visit, every time they seemed to veer toward real disappointment, they also veered back, providing, overall, one of the most positively memorable restaurant experiences I'll probably have this year.
Make reservations. When we left after the first seating on a hot July Sunday night, it was packed, and people were waiting for tables.
First, about the food. It's okay, but not inspired, I'm sorry to say. (Note, as I explain below, it's not just about the food in this place.) In a great restaurant city like Philly, though, I would rank Victor way down on the list in recommending a truly inspired meal.
The food specifics: the Clams Casino were reportedly "okay," but didn't compare to the ones recently eaten in New Orleans (okay, maybe that's not fair). The Beet Salad was okay, too, but just a few slices of red and golden beets at the edge of a large pile of greens, just barely tasting of any dressing. I found the Porcini mushroom Ravioli with the Gorgonzola sauce to be satisfying, but I think it's exactly the same dish I had here some 30 years ago. The Veal Saltimbocca, however, stood out with a rave of "as good as I've ever had." Yes, I did like the flavored oil dipping bowl for the bread. But it's a soft-crusted, very close-crumbed bread, definitely out of fashion.
I first came to this restaurant before it expanded into the row house next door to add a second dining area. Those were the days when the record collection (mostly '78s) was housed in the large alcove in the back of the main dining room, and you could request that Maestro Di Stefano play your favorite opera aria. Ironic, isn't it, that now that vinyl is back, the records are gone?
Second, about the music. More specifically, the opera singing, which the waiters provide about every 20 minutes or so. (So don't be surprised if your waiter seems to know more about opera and less about details of how the dishes are prepared - but in our case, our waiter steered me away from what might have been choices he knew I'd regret.) You can find better live performances of opera and solo voice recitals in Philly. Not that these singers - most seemed to be grad students in music - are bad. One of our dear friends waited on tables here while in music school, and now he's in the Met Opera chorus. They really surprised me with their choices - two arias from "The Ballad of Baby Doe" (now that's an indication that this 20th century opera has truly entered the repertoire) a Schubert song (was that really "Der Tod und das Mädchen" with an abbreviated accompaniment? indeed - diners, look into the abyss of death as you contemplate the Veal Saltimbocca set before you!), two Donizetti arias (probably not known to most people, but perfect for a restaurant interlude). Most mainstream was a finely rendered "Maria" from West Side Story.
The old opera and food culture of Italian South Philly is now largely gone. There is a whole new restaurant/bar scene around E. Passyunk, which leaves anachronistic Victor behind. To judge from the photos of musicians on the walls, the clock stopped some time in the 1930s. The three most prominent conductor portraits are of Koussevitzky, Stokowski, and Toscanini (L-R). That grouping puzzled me for years until I realized that they recorded early on for RCA Victor. Those portraits were very likely distributed to promote record sales. A larger than life Nipper, also frozen in time listening to his master's voice, is there, too, above the door. Just as the menu is a bit fusty, so goes the musical culture on the walls. A veritable time capsule.
They veer toward being merely a tourist destination when a $12 glass of wine seems to be ungenerously small; with the Rocky-inspired painting on the back wall; with background music not entirely turned off so it competes with a waiter's aria; or when I mention to the bartender that I'd like him to pass my compliments on to his wife for her singing, he replies with a surly tone, "There she is, tell her yourself." The bothersome question here is whether the singing staff, with professional studies in their backgrounds, resent being props in a kitschy opera-themed tourist restaurant for people who don't even go to the opera. Not a good vibe. Tip generously.
Finally, I had to give them 5 stars because when trained singers get up and actually sing in the same room where you're sitting - whether they are amateur or professional - it sometimes may be far from perfect, but it's about as honest and genuine as it gets.I made a reservation here for 20 dudes for a bachelor party in April, canceled it, then booked it again within 2 days of showing up... and they were insanely accommodating and understanding. We were by far the least classy group in the restaurant but they treated us like royalty. Oh, and the fact that this is the restaurant from "Rocky Balboa" doesn't hurt at all either. I love this place, I can't wait to go back next time I'm in PhillyOne of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  Enjoyed by the entire family and good friends.  The food is fantastic and the singing is not a schtick, there are amazing voices in this restaurant.  You'll need reservations so plan ahead.I really enjoyed eating out dinner with a group of my friends for a birthday party here!  It was a first for me, I was astonished to how frequently they sing. If you love opera and know a little about music you will love it. The food was good and I couldn't say anything bad about it. However you go to a place like this for the music they have to offer and not just for the food, so do keep that in mind.  It is something that you should experience first hand. 
You will enjoy it!This review is a bit funny since I try to review places relative to ones in the same class, and I've never been to a place with opera singers before.  A friend who *is* an opera singer tells me that sometimes places with singers cheese out on the food, but the food was good.  In fact, I'd give them five stars except I want to leave headroom if the next Italian opera singer restaurant is really superlative. Also, cheaper than I expected.  $100 for two with a tip, with no wine or drinks except coffee.Exceeded all my expectations. The victor cafe was featured in the "Rocky" film as "Adrian's" so of course my boyfriend was intrigued to visit this restaurant. Victor's is pretty snug as far as seating but the food and the opera that the employees sang was a special treat. They ring a small bell located between both main dining rooms and introduce themselves and reveal what song they are about to sing. WOW. It was like combining dinner and a show in one shot. We finished the night in the top floor candlelit lounge with delicious cocktails, the French martini being my favorite. Don't walk, run to this place.If you are in Philly, you must come and try this place. Great food and phenomenal singers who also are amazing servers/bartenders. It used to be a Victor RCA records store, then after the prohibition ended it opened as a bar/restaurant. They would play records and people would get up and sing along. In the 70s they hired their first professional singing server. It was featured in Balboa and Creed. Pretty amazing. All the servers also sing professionally around the world.Have always wanted to go to Victor's having lived in South Philly my entire life.  We went on a Wednesday evening for my birthday celebration.  I should have known better from the moment we arrived and they did not show the reservation I had made the previous day.  We were seated at a very cramped table.  It was so hot that we were literally sweating.  The service was very poor.  It is clear that the waiters are opera singers and NOT waiters.  Not once during any of the courses did our waiter stop by to ask if everything was ok.  We ran out of water and had to actually request that our glasses be refilled.  My appetizer was so salty, I could feel myself swelling up.  I expected there to be a higher level of salt content as it was Prosciutto, but it was beyond what it should have been.  In addition the food was not hot when it arrived to the table.  When we asked for water to be refilled, I was informed they were busy.  In that case, hustle, instead of walking around like you have no idea what you are doing.  Even trying to wave a waiter down was ignored.  The wait in between courses was unbelievable.  If you are waiting for a meal that long then it should at least be hot and tasty when it arrives.  The polenta that was served with my meal had absolutely NO FLAVOR at all, in addition to being cold.  The best part of the whole evening was the little girl that was so very much enjoying the opera singing even more than the adults!  I wish that my family would have let me leave when I wanted to after receiving the horrible appetizer. Instead we spent way too much money on food and service that was inadequate at best.  In addition we were a party of 5 and the waiter automatically put a gratuity on the check when that is supposed to be for 6 or more people only.I can't think of anything to complain about!  First of all, this is a dining EXPERIENCE.  You are wined, dined, and serenaded by the staff - which is such an amazing (and unique) part of this place.  The serving staff are classically trained opera singers and trust me, you won't mind putting down your fork, stopping the conversation, and letting yourself be captivated!
Got there a half hour early on a Friday night for our reservation - no problem!  Greeted by the hostess (who, holy cow could she sing!) and led right to our table.  We had read reviews on here about the amazing opera singing which was such a cool perk.  Our waitress was very friendly and checked on us throughout the night.  Portions were HUGE!  My husband had mussels and butternut squash gnocci with pancetta and I had a roasted beet and goat cheese salad with calamari fra diavlo as my entree.  It was delicious!  I was in heaven with the perfectly spiced calamari dish.  For dessert, it was warmed chocolate cake with gelato from my choco-holic self and creme brulee for the hubs.  Prices are so reasonable.  For all of that (no alcohol ordered), we spent less than $100 (including tip!), and had enough for lunch the next day.
Bravo!!I had a really nice first visit to Victor Cafe with two others the a few days ago. I had heard many good things about this restaurant, and we wanted to try it for a special occasion. It sure is a unique place to visit - and great for out-of-towners and in-towners alike... one of those places that makes you stop and be thankful for living in such a wonderful history-rich city! 
It would've been nice if it was a BYO but we bought one of the cheaper bottles of wine for $36 - though it was nice and tasty! We ordered calamari and a bacon roast-beef type appetizer, which were both pleasant but quite salty. For the main meal - everyone enjoyed their entrees! The salmon was great - not too fishy and perfectly balanced. The veal and meal-sized salads were huge hits, too. For dessert, we split a fresh creme brûlée and had some Frangelico on the side. All said and done - we spent about $180 for a dinner for three - so make sure you're ready to drop a little penny if you do want to eat dinner here. 
The servers double as opera singers - the main draw of dining here! I wish I knew French or Italian (or whatever languages they were singing in) but it was still amazing to hear all of their beautiful voices entertain the guests between service rounds. 
Before we left, we visited the top level of Victor Cafe and found ourselves enchanted by an old speak-easy type of bar and lounge. This place is the real, authentic deal, and it's definitely worth a visit to step back into time and feel the history of South Philly.Fabulous fun and good food -- had a great evening at The Victor.  Server  was friendly, quick and knowledgeable.....and she sings!!  A really fun place to go in Philly - I surely recommend it.wow. no other place like this...wordwide. my grandfather lived in philly in the 1940's when he was in the navy and used to come to this cafe. He travels back to philly on occasion just to go here! the most unique thing about it is that all of the waitresses and waitors are beautiful opera singers!!! they ring a bell every so often to get the attention of the diners and sing for them!!! its very good. they are also very friendly, as they had to listen to my grandfathers stories of a time "before they were born". fancy food. beautiful lounge upstairs...dont miss it!!"To sing opera, one needs two things: the voice, and the passion- and above all, the passion."-Bocelli. The servers at Victor certainly have the passion. 
I've dined here twice and thoroughly enjoyed each occasion. While it may seem like a typical Italian South Philly restaurant on the outside, it's much more than that on the inside! Not only is the food delicious, but throughout the evening, the servers will frequently stop what they are doing and individually perform an aria to the delight of all being served. 
The meals are a la carte, with the exception of special holiday menus like on Valentine's Day. The salads, appetizers, and desserts are all fair game for sharing at the table. The entrees, ranging from gnocchi to fish to steak, go nicely with a glass of recommended vino. The veal parmesan that I had here was really stellar. I've gotten the creme brulee twice, and will certainly order it again!This beautiful restaurant is truly one of a kind! Every 20 minutes they have live opera by one of their own waiters! Everyone that works there is an opera singer! Not only was the atmosphere amazing, the food is spectacular!I have mixed feelings about this place.  The food was good, loved the atmosphere and the performances by the waitstaff were phenomenal.  I would definitely recommend checking out their upstairs lounge as well!  My favorite items were the burrata and the panna cotta.  
However, during our dinner it became apparent that the waitstaff are singers first, servers second.  First, we had reservations for 7:30 and asked if we could be seated around 7:27, to be told that our reservations are for 7:30 and it wasn't yet time.  Seriously?!  Our waitress was a great singer, but seemed distracted, and offered us dessert after our appetizers, forgetting to bring up our entrees (which thankfully were still warm).  Towards the end of the night all the staff seemed to be congregating around the bar, waiting for the guests to clear out.  Never really felt welcome.What an amazing place. So glad we got to experience this quaint restaurant. Beside being a historical landmark with walls of pictures telling the story, this Gem of a place is a real time capsule with real live opera singing waiters and waitresses.  The food was fabulous too. I had tilapia which was done perfectly and fabulous  tiramisu   For dessert. Dreaming of the day I can return to Philly, PA to go here againI like it because I am an opera singer and there's nothing like helping out singers with a job like this. The atmosphere is great.... but the food is way overpriced and I love lasagna so I ordered it thinking it would be great.... the middle was cold :-( .... but just go for great singing and atmosphere.Go here for the food, the atmosphere and the talented waitstaff! Situated on a cozy block, Victor Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.
First of all, the food is delicious. It's Italian home-cooking like I imagine many Italian grandmothers make. Portions are just right and everything is flavorful and high-quality. The calamari was some of the best I've ever had.
Aside from great food, the waitstaff will serenade guests every 15 minutes or so with opera. I've never been to an opera before, but now I'm intrigued. 
(Side note: I noticed that some guests were making annoyed faces whenever the waitstaff rang the bell to sing, which I thought was rather rude. If you absolutely can't put down your phone or table your conversation for a few minutes, then perhaps you should reconsider your restaurant choice.)
We brought out-of-town visitors here and they claimed it was one of the highlights of their trip. Lucky for me, I live within walking distance, so I plan on enjoying this little Philly gem again and again.My friends and I went to victor cafe for my birthday. I wouldn't recommend going with a large group of you want to talk over dinner since they require you to be silent while the singers are performing...didn't think about this before we went. All of the servers take turns singing opera, amazing singers. The food was also really great. The bread with the pesto, garlic oil was so good! They also have a very cute upstairs bar with some seating, which is where you can grab a drink while you wait. Love the feel of this restaurant. Would recommend going here for a date or with a smaller party (even though they are able to accommodate for larger parties).I know mine will be a dissenting opinion from other reviewers but I found our large party dinner frustrating at this place. I will certainly admit the space is beautiful and the food is pretty good. My issue is with the frequency of the operatic serenades.  The singers are very talented but singing every 15 minutes is excessive and detracts from the quality of the meal as the entire table had to stop eating and talking and feel obligated to turn and face the singer. The frequency of this strongly detracts from the positive aspects of the restaurant.Victor's Cafe is quite a treat. The decor and the ambiance bring an old world feel which is quite refreshing in this era of modern is better. The food at Victor's was not bad. We had the calamari and prosciutto stuffed with crab appetizers. Both were not bad. We had linguine and clams as well as fettuccine with a cream sauce for dinner. Again, nothing to write home about. BUT... the fact that the waitstaff was able to sing Italian Opera was a thing of beauty. It is actually the main reason I would return. It is definitely a different experience and is well worth the time and money to enjoy the ambiance.I truly remember very little about the dishes I had at Victor Cafe. They were well-prepared, but average. I ordered a glass of white wine and some veal over pasta. The seating was pretty cramped and my SO and I were seated at a two-person table in the middle of the room. 
But once the waiters began singing beautiful arias, I did not really care what I was eating. It was so wonderful to hear men and women sharing their operatic talents with everyone. Completely enchanting and romantic. There were a variety of voices and one more musical-theater-type guy who sang "Imagine" for a couple's anniversary. I had a wonderful evening at Victor Cafe and really don't mind that the food is not mind-blowing. I do wish I hadn't had my back to the singers for most of the meal, but they moved around during the evening. A little overpriced, but totally worth it for the lovely music.The food is ok, and the service is just fine.  The real story is the atmosphere and the music, which has no equal anywhere. Every few minutes,  on of the wait staff rings a bell and gives a brief explanation of the operatic aria they're about to sing. The immensity of the music prevails. I'll be back!Very quaint South Philly Italian Restaurant, with live opera courtesy of the waitstaff!  Great food, and their rendition of "Tonight" from West Side Story was spellbinding. I had the Prince Igor, which I liked very much, and the chocolate mousse was delicious.  Only quarrel might be that wine by the glass is a dollar or two more than it should be, otherwise highly recommend!This would be 5 stars, if they would have diversified the menu a little in the last 10 years.
Simply speaking the music and ambiance are great, service is OK, it is friendly, but not very professional.  Cooking could be better.Visiting from out of town and went here with two colleagues for my birthday dinner.  We had a great time, loved the singing waiter, waitresses and bartender.  They all had beautiful voices and it was fun!  We shared an appetizer which was awesome! I can't remember the name, but it was crispy filled proscuitto and delicious!  I had the mushroom ravioli with gorgonzola cream sauce and it was excellent too.  I would definitely go back.  Service was good, food was very good, and we had entertainment too!Favorite place to dine in Philly. In Pennsylvania. In America. Around the world. Delicious classic Italian food. Talented professional singers. Romantic and cozy setting. Love and passion carried on from the founder. First visited in the early 90s. Just visited this past summer. And it's as good as ever. After dining at Victor Cafe, I'm always happy. Always satisfied. Thank you Victor Cafe. You guys are THE BEST.Just ridiculously good. Forget Ralph's or any other crackerjack place. We're talking: quiet block, unassuming, beautiful decor, great space, giant lounge, good cocktails, excellent food and a waitress who just sang a song worthy of the Met...LOVE this place! We had been here on our first date, and decided to bring our out-of-town family/friends for an entertaining and unique experience! They also loved it and said it was their favorite part of the trip. The waiters/waitresses are incredible opera singers (and I'm not an opera fan by any means). The food is very good, but the best part about this place is the ambiance! 
Don't forget to check out the upstairs lounge area!If your a fan of opera and good Italian food, you'll love this place. Great place for large groups. Just be ready to listen when the bell is rang, the staff will explain the song that they are about to sing and be ready for some amazing opera singing. The drink prices are a little high but what isn't high these days. I love the history and family dedication to this place. The staff there are very professional and kind. I can't wait to go back.Tonight was my first time at this one of a kind dinning experience! The food was amazing! The service was excellent. Oh, and did I mention they sing opera while you eat!!! They even sang Happy Birthday to my father in law, in opera!!! Our server/singer was Shanley. She was AMAZING!! This may have been my first time there, but I am certain it will not be my last!!Took my date here few years ago for Valentines day.  Must say, I enjoyed every moment of it.  I had Lamb chops which didn't smell at all...and perfectly cooked....and best part was your server would sing a Opera in between serviing the tables....guys, if you want to impress your date, then this is the place.Simply outstanding! My mother, brother, and I enjoyed this restaurant immensely. We had a 7:30 reservation, but we're made to wait until ~8:00 before being seated. The hostess apologized profusely for the wait and comped our desserts without us even asking. I was appreciative that they made an effort to rectify the inconvenience. 
We were seated in the smaller section to the side of the restaurant and while we didn't have a great view of all of the performances of the evening, we were treated to performances exclusively for our section and all the waiters made an effort to move around the restaurant so that all diners could be treated to their fantastic voices. 
The food was delicious. My mother and I ordered the Chicken Tosca, a pan seared chicken breast stuffed with cheese and prosciutto with polenta and veggies. My brother had the pork chop with mashed potatoes. I also ordered a side of linguine with alfredo sauce. 
Everyone loved their meal. The meat was tender and flavorful and the pasta clung to the creamy alfredo sauce. My brother loved his dish as well. 
Altogether, we had a delightful experience. The combination of food, service, and entertainment is hard to beat!Came here for an early V-day dinner bc I had heard about the opera singing and romantic ambience and it sounded perfect!
So when I arrived the ambience was warm but would not call it romantic. Very loud and tons of people everywhere. The hostesses all seemed flustered. We were seated right away with our reservation but we were started off greeted by one waiter and then 5 mins later another one because they didn't know our table was already picked up by someone..anyways, I didn't mind how crazy and loud and busy the place was bc I kinda like that home-family-big italian dinner like feel but that's just me. 
So our hostess was kind of irritable and that wasn't pleasant..after ordering food and drinks and waiting 15 mins we finally reminded her about a bread basket and she rolled her eyes at us...and a cold bread basket was quickly plopped on our table by another hostess.
I was so excited for someone to start singing bc that part I left as a surprise for my boyfriend but I was very disappointed that the whole first hour we were there..there was only ONE performance and it was on the other side of the restaurant so we could barely hear it. As we were finishing up (around 9:30) the singing really picked up a lot, a performance almost every 5 minutes and they all sounded so beautiful and lovely I really wish our whole dinner was like that! In fact, I specifically  made reservations at 8:00 assuming that would be prime time..but it was not. 
Like other reviewers mentioned, the food was good - nothing amazing but no complaints. Overall, this place was cool to check out, but if I were to come again I would somehow try to find out when most of the singing was going to be because that was really cool and beautiful and I would loved to hear more.LOVED!!! Took my boyfriend here for his b-day (he is really italian) he had so much fun. The food was great (i got the veal). Deff a must tryWonderful dining experience. The servers perform arias every few minutes. Food is authentic and the portions are great. Drinks are on point, huge wine selection. Nice family place a definite stop if you're in the Philadelphia area. Make a red the place is packed.The gluten-free risotto was amazing. Don't worry if you are not an opera fan. The wait staff sings every 15-20minutes and songs only last a few minutes. Reservations are strongly recommended. We went on a sunday night and it was packed.We had a lovely time at Victor Cafe! We've lived around the corner for years and never thought twice about this place, until I began hearing more about it from friends. I had no idea it was so popular as its on a pretty quiet street. 
The food is very good for your homestyle Italian. Perfect comforts for someone who grew up on pasta and grandma's sauce. The service is also outstanding, which I think you could attribute to the fact that the entire wait staff are trained performers and genuinely care about what they're doing. 
The opera performances were also very impressive (and I'm not a fan of opera). I was afraid it would seem disruptive to the dining experience, but I felt it actually added a unique and wonderful touch. It also helped pace out the meal well, since every time someone sang, the whole restaurant basically stopped what they're doing to pay attention to the performance. The restaurant is also much larger than I realized, so the singers perform in different rooms - so its not necessarily that every 20 minutes you will stop eating and watch a show.
The upstairs lounge is very cool looking, so next time we'll have to go a little earlier to enjoy a pre-dinner beverage. Very cozy and old school up there.We were recommended this restaurant from a family friend who only told us that they occasionally may play music and its Italian food.  We easily got a reservation on opentable.  We arrived early and they sat us right away.  The waitress was very attentive.  We had the calamari for a starter which was very good.  It was very crispy, but well seasoned.  We also had the branzino, which the waitress offered to remove the head an tail for us since it was prepared with both on the plate. We also had the salmon and pasta which was very good.  The portions were very large, and I took more than half mine home.  While the deserts looked good, we were too stuffed to try them.  
The music:  Every 20 minutes the staff rings a bell, and one of the waiters or waitresses sings a piece.  We had some great performances while we there.  I thought our waitress was the best, but I may have been a bit bias.  
Overall, it was a unique dining experience, with very good food.  I will certainly be coming back.  I am even thinking of making it my graduation night dinner.What's not to love? Stellar music in a lovely, cozy setting that oozes charm. The food was good, but I was so engrossed by the singing that I hardly noticed much else.
Wait staff were clearly passionate about their art, which made the experience that much more special. Next time I'll come on a weekend so I can spend time in the upstairs lounge, which looked really cool. Speakeasy-ish. One can never get enough of Victor Cafe.Everyone deserves a second chance right?  I was skeptical when my husband decided he wanted to go back to Victor's for his birthday dinner in July, but I figured it was his birthday and he should choose.  What a difference!!!  We were greeted graciously and seated immediately.  Our server was as phenomenal singer as she was a server.  We never had to ask for our water to be refilled this time.  The food was delicious, not overly salty, seasoned just right!  The music was amazing as well.  The temperature of the restaurant and the food was just right.  (if you couldn't tell I am particular about the temperature of my food!)  I would definitely return after giving Victor's a second chance.Went out here for a dinner for a special occasion. It was my first time and I didn't know what to expect. I started off with mussel with white wine sauce. The sauce was very tasty but the mussel itself was little too much cooked for my taste. For my main dish, I ordered Fra Diavolo Mephistopheles for my main dish and it was spicy, and I LIKED IT! We had a brussels sprouts as side dish but I thought that was little blend for me. As you may aware, all wait staff at Victor cafe are also opera singers who performed during course of our dinner, I think they were all talented so be prepared to be interrupted - not in bad way! Overall, we really liked the experience and definitely I see another visit in near future.Wow! Went with friends. We had a great time. The opera sung by the waiters was fantastic. You don't need to understand it to enjoy it. The waitress told us the wine list is being revamped, but we got two really good bottles. The food is not the best Italian in south Philly, but pretty good. The vibe was almost that of a dinner party in a private home with entertainment.If you are looking for excellent food and a great atmosphere then this is the place. My team of 8 business  professionals shared 5 different appetizers which were all top shelf quality.  When dinner arrived it was outstanding... I had a lobster stuffed ravioli and it exceeded expectations. My teammates were equally pleased with their meals and we decided to order dessert. We shared multiple dessert and would highly recommend Victor's if only for the food.  However, there more... throughout the night the extremely professional staff would break in to opera songs worthy of broadway. What a great experience all round! Highly recommended!Delicious authentic Italian food, amazing operatic entertainment. A wonderful, enjoyable dining experience.Great experience.   We went here on 1/14 for my fiance birthday, and boy will I say we enjoyed ourselves.   The live entertainment  (the servers sing opera) is an experience within itself they do a wonderful job from giving a small history on the piece they are about to sing, to acting it out.  They sing about every 20-25 minutes for about 5-8 minutes and the suspense of the song keeps your anticipation for their next song.  Now to the food..excellent!!!!!  I had a pasta special with shrimp & scallops that was very tasty my fiance had the Fra Diablo with shrimp that she's still talking about..lol.. The ambiance of the restaurant and the Rocky memorabilia, to the art is outstanding.   Not sure if you are familiar with an Italian restaurant in Atlantic City by the name of Chef Vola (Google it) number 2 best restaurant in AC, food here is also great, but bcuz of the entertainment at Victor I have to give it a head above Chef Vola.  The staff was very pleasant,  we had a 730 reservation and arrived maybe 5 minutes prior and was seated right away.  Our server (Steve) was very accommodating with recommendations of food to arranging for his colleagues to sing happy bday to my fiance (which is sung opera style) she was surprised and really enjoyed it.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who's looking for something different in dinner.  We will definitely be returning.This place is just so much fun!  My first memory of the Victor Cafe doesn't actually stem from the experience of being there:  my best friend throughout elementary school was taken there against her will by her grandparents for her birthday, and she was absolutely mortified by the fact that she received an operatic rendition of "Happy Birthday" for the whole restaurant to witness.  I always laugh when I think back to her adolescent horror, and having been there now I can picture the entire thing unfold.
Anyway, I digress.  We were seated in a cozy little corner on Friday night for a nice family dinner.  Our waiter was very pleasant, and a wonderful tenor!  The service was on the slower side; however, every 20 minutes or so, the entire restaurant pauses for one of the servers to sing an aria and there is just no way you can be bothered as it's so much fun.  I got the Caprese salad, which was absolutely delicious!  They sear the mozzarella and it all comes out meltingly warm which I've never had before (the appetizer has always been served ice cold everywhere else I've had it).  Mom and sister split the spinach salad, which they didn't love for the heavy dressing.  Dad got the Antipasto, which was a scrumptious selection of cheeses, meats, olives and peppers.  For entrees, I got the special:  gnocchi with pesto - delicious!  They have a nice selection of pasta and meat choices on the menu, and you're sure to find something you'll love. 
The only downside here would be parking - they do have valet (I think for $18), and then your typical South Philly parking.  For those of you reading this that are unfamiliar with how we do things in South Philly, basically any open space goes, whether it be in the middle of the median, on a corner, or up on the sidewalk.  We lucked out and got a free spot in a 2-hour zone which worked out perfectly.  Give yourself a little extra time if you're driving.Ambience, culture, entertainment, quality of food, quality of service, and reasonable prices can't be beat ANYWHERE in the country! Cannelloni was to die for! Burrata melted in my mouth, veal saltimbocca was an explosion to my palate, we were so full, Tiramisu just have to be ordered in the next visit. Luciana, our wonderful waitress, will be an opera star in the near future. What an enjoyable dinner, listening to such talented opera singers!!!This place is awesome for the history and nostalgia. You'd never know where it was or how awesome the vibe is inside from just walking by out front, so I was very glad I had some Philly natives help me find it. The food was also delicious, but definitely not super diet friendly. My cannelloni was super rich and luxurious. 
I will say though, the opera got kind of old. I'm not necessarily a huge opera fan in the first place, so I may not be the best to review. And if they had just stopped everyone to sing once or twice throughout the meal, it would've been fine. But it seemed like every 10 minutes, someone else was getting up to sing, and it's super hard to carry on a conversation with old friends when you've got arias being belted out three feet away. We also happened to be seated right next to the staircase where the performers started, so it might've been better if you were seated in a corner somewhere.
Also -- make sure you go upstairs for drinks beforehand. Awesome decor.Wow. This place is so special. 
My boyfriend and I went to The Victor Cafe last night to celebrate my birthday. We originally were planning to go to one of the many upscale steak houses in Center City, which I decided are (in my opinion) never truly worth the sky high price tags. I was making reservations for a Saturday night only a few days out, so knew I might be limited in terms of availability. I saw that Victor Cafe had great ratings and more importantly at that point, open tables for an 8pm reservation. My boyfriend nor myself had ever been there, and looking through the reviews and history of the place, we decided to give it a try. So so so happy we did.
We arrived promptly at 8 and were immediately walked to our intimate two top in a small side room off of the main entrance area. (Next time I would definitely plan to come about 30 minutes early to snag a drink at the beautiful upstairs candlelit bar!) We were seated and quickly greeted by our server, Steven. We both ordered drinks and decided to also order two appetizers, the burrata and fried calamari. Both were delicious. The roasted peppers with a rich flavor that came with the burrata were especially tasty. Truly a great start to our meal. For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the Pork Chops and I, the decadent ravioli. Steven quickly took our order and then we look up and he begins singing a song from My Fair Lady for the restaurant. If you haven't gathered already from the other reviews, the staff here are all professionally trained opera/theater singers. And they are truly fantastic. I was worried when I heard of this aspect that my boyfriend might not like it--but they do it timed perfectly (about every 15-20 minutes or so), so it's not disruptive in any way and is just such a wonderful overall experience.
Our main meals came, my boyfriend's pork chops cooked perfectly with a side of garlic mashed potatoes and my mushroom filled ravioli with a gorgonzola cream sauce with walnuts and tomatoes was rich and out-of-this-world good. We both knew we wouldn't be able to finish them so had them boxed for my delicious lunch later today. For desert my boyfriend had sneakily told the staff it was my birthday, so here they all came in all their opera glory singing me happy birthday and presenting my a slice of tiramisu with a lit candle. It was honestly such a beautiful night. I was afraid it might feel "gimmicky" or maybe even like a tourist trap, and I assure you it was neither of those things. Just a lovely night, from the ambiance and coziness of the restaurant itself, to the incredibly friendly and talented (!!!) employees (major shout out to Steven, who took wonderful care of us!!), to the delicious food. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to celebrate a special night or just to go somewhere out of the ordinary for a unique and beautiful night out in Philadelphia!I love this place! I got engaged here and they made it an amazing night for me . My dinner was great the staff was great and I've even gone back and had drinks and apps. Upstairs, just awesome !!!!!I went to Victor Cafe with a friend for her birthday dinner and was thoroughly impressed by the night. We arrived and waited in the upstairs area while they were getting out table ready. The area is set up like a lounge with beautiful candelabras, a separate bar and snacks set out to hold people over while they wait. The staff were pretty helpful keeping us updated on the status of our table and even transferring the tab from the bar to our table. Once we were seated down stairs i first noticed all of the photos of the opera singers on the walls and the beautiful ceiling in the restaurant. It would have been nice to be able to put names to the faces on the walls. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful and polite throughout dinner. The highlight of the night as many have stated is the singing. The staff here have beautiful voices and it was nice to listen to them throughout the night. It also seemed that every table was celebrating a birthday as they sang Happy Birthday just as much as other songs. 
Now on to the most important part, the food! I had the mussels in white sauce as an appetizer and the spinach and artichoke lasagna for dinner and I was not disappointed! Every bite of food was delicious and I slept well that night as I fell into a food coma! lol  Even the bread and dipping sauce was delicious. We finished the meal off with a delicious tiramisu! I will be back on one of the many visits I plan to make to the area.Soyons clair, si vous souhaitez sortir de l'ordinaire des restaurants peu chers, ou BCBG, trendy et autres tendances, alors venez-vous faire plaisir en cet endroit sorti du temps... 
Une cuisine italienne délicieuse et fabuleuse, un service attentionné et efficace, une ambiance sans pareille, avec une surprise que je vous laisse découvrir, mais qui, à elle seule, vaut le déplacement...
Beaucoup viennent pour le resto de Rocky, dont il ne reste aucune trace, tous repartent avec les yeux brillants, emplis d'images, de sons, et de saveurs...
Si c'est votre anniversaire, et/ou de mariage, faites le savoir à l'arrivée...
Prix: $$$ sur $$$$$
Bien à vous et viva l'amore...One of my 10 favorite dining experiences in the world!  Delicious meal, attentive service staff and wonderfully talented opera singers taking center stage every 15 minutes. My whole body sea bass was great, as was my partners pasta. Great wine list to choose from, I believe we had the niebiolo. Mangia!What a classy place! From the upstairs lounge to dinner! First time there for my boyfriends bday and it was all I hoped for an more! I can't wait to go back!! Especially being a boxing fan & founding out it was Adrian's Resturant in Rocky!! That was a plus!!!My husband took me for dinner with all of children, 9 of us total.  It was amazing.  I wasn't thrilled when we first arrived as we had Italian several times in the previous 2 weeks.  So glad we came!  The singing was fun and the food was fantastic.  I would recommend for anyone looking for a fun dining experience.We have been to Victor's many times. Definitely make reservations a few days in advance.  What I like is if you get there early, you could go upstairs to the private bar and have a few drinks and wait until your tables ready. The upstairs bar is private, very cozy with a few different rooms.  Very comfortable with the great setting.   They have a complete selection of beer, wine and any mixed drinks.  Excellent gourmet Italian menu.  Appetizers, entree and desserts....All items are A++.  Nice verity to choose from.  But of course the best part of eating at Victor are the waitress and waiters and their singing abilities.  All professional opera singers with outstanding vocal abilities.   A truly excellent dining experience.   Anyone who visits Philadelphia must visit Victor's.   Great setting, great staff, great service, great food, great experience.  I give this fabulous restaurant an A+!!! Get there soon!!!  You must experience it!!Amazing food opera singers and it was in the Rocky movie! I recommend the spaghetti and meatballs!Everything was amazing!  The food was delicious and all the servers voices are beautiful! We are from Georgia but will definitely be back.We went in last night for dinner because we didn't have many options in the area but we were glad we did! The opera singers/ wait staff are very talented and it a unique place with great/ authentic Italian food too.Just had dinner here with some friends. HIGHLY recommend it. Great place for authentic Italian food. The opera is great as they sing about every 15-20 min. What talent! I loved the atmosphere, decor, history, service was great... in summary, I definitely recommend going!This was an amazing experience.  I had heard one bad review from a friend but dedided to listen to the many good reviews from my friends.  The food was excellent, the staff very attentive, and the singing unbelievable.  The one young lady was so petite that when she sang you wouldn't believe it was coming from her.  The bartender was great as I didn't know what i wanted to drink so left it up to him to make me something.  Was not disappointed in the least.  He even had an excellent voice.
There were six of us that went for dinner and we all said we would go back again.  Thank you Victor Cafe for making my birthday a spectular event.  I would definetly go back again