One of the best happy hours on Main Street.  Amazing wines by the glass and the hummus plate is delicious!First I'd like to say, I really like what they've done with the place. I remember when it was Thomas' and it looks like they've updated the decor, torn down the middle wall so it's nice and open, and the bathrooms (which were previously a DEE-SCUSTING) were quite cozy, clean and nicely decorated. 5 stars for ambiance.
I came here with a couple of friends, one being gluten intolerant, this is the only place in Manayunk that offers an extensive gluten-free menu. The plates are small, but they did mention that they're meant for sharing. Well, they were kind of in between, so I think the Goat's Beard is not really sure if it's skimpy plates or tapas. And it's not what I'd think of as sharing kind of food, so they really need to hammer that out if you ask me. We all got our own plates anyway. The waitress was way overly enthusiastic about how good the food was. "The lady doth protests too much me thinks." I had the fish tacos, which were ok, but pretty soggy. My friend had the steak mac and cheese which the waitress RAVED about. That was ok too. I mean, it's kind of hard to mess up pasta, cheese and meat. The wings would have been good if they weren't so sugary. It wasn't bad. I think it was just really over-hyped. I don't think they've been open long, so hopefully there will be improvements. 3 stars for food. 
We sat outside, which is a plus, but i have to say, those have to be some of the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever sat in. Everyone else agreed. My second time here, my boyfriend even noted that as well. Backs are too low and lean back too much. The wooden planks that make up the chair are a world full of hurt against your tooshie. You cannot get comfortable to save your life. 1 star for poor choice in seating.A great place to hang with friends or to go for date night. The service was wonderful and the food was fantastic.I ate brunch and dinner here several times and overall the service was great, drinks were good, and the food was delicious...the only dish I did not like was the shrimp and grits dish which the grits were made with a savory flavor which I felt just didn't compliment the grits or the shrimp. Other than that you should definitely check out the restaurant, loved the Mac and cheese gnocchi, the various types of fries, chicken wings (awesome), and the vegetable Napoleon (my fav).Typically I'll write a review on various sites if the place I use comes up short. In other words I don't get motivated too often to compliment. The Goat (Goat's Beard) has changed that for me. First of all, the surroundings are super comfortable and I wish I lived a little closer so I could frequent this place more often. It is what I always pictured a bar with great food should look like. 
For starters, the Goat's chicken wings are incredibly unique which during the first time I visited put me in a really good mood. Where else can you pick between scallops (scrumptious), duck (perfectly done) lamb (succulent), fish tacos (de-lish) and the unbelievable steak mac and cheese in a comfy bar setting that is conducive to camping out for the evening. I guess I sound a bit over the top but when I see a place that is unique in a world full of "sameness" it pumps me up. 
The menu is really geared to small plates. If your are starving and want to pig out on the cheap, this is not the place. The food is impeccable which I will take over generous portions any day. There is something for everybody on the menu. As I said the wings are great and I hardly ever order them. Wings are now  a staple for me here though. I have been to the Goat three times now, and everyone in my group was not disappointed and were pretty much over the top like me about the food.
Service was very good especially for a place that has been open for a pretty short period. I think it was opened in March. The thing that stands out about the servers is their enthusiasm. One time they made a mistake on my order and the way they handled it was extraordinary. I hope this friendliness continues as word of the Goat spreads. 
The bar is cool. Different drafts make for a great selection of beer. I enjoy the harder stuff so I can attest the drinks (both brown and white) were excellent. The truth is someone here knows what they are doing. I really think this is the kind of place that can replicate to other areas if they can create the same unique atmosphere and maintain the quality of the food and service. Folks, you will really like this joint!!!!I'm writing this a little late but I can't stop thinking about this cute little place. My boyfriend and I were visiting a friend this weekend and Goat's Beard was recommended. It was a beautiful  night so we grabbed a table outside, ordered a Kentucky mule and the BF got a Manhattan. Naturally I was starving and wanted something hardy so I went with the Steak Mac and Cheese. Perfectly seasoned meat and the gooey cheese sauce made it even better. My boyfriend had the fish tacos but wouldn't even let me try it, I guess they were good. We sat for a little longer while the BF tried different kinds of bourbon and enjoyed the night.
Although I'm just a visitor, I bet this place is great with locals. It has a big bar area that is great for grabbing some wine and cheese on a weekday. Also nice that the staff is very friendly and really knows their liquor.Very good food. Staff is genuinely friendly.  This is a great place for a first date, but call ahead. Your chance of getting a few seats at the bar are slim post Happy Hour. Late night music is excellent with fresh young talent playing oldies to new stuff.  I have even seen Philly legend Kenn Kweder play there.Came here for an early dinner, just in time for the tail end of happy hour so appetizers and drinks were discounted.
Buttermilk wings are a must try.  Wings were large, very well fried and had the perfect amount of sauce and tanginess.  My new favorite 'wings' in philly.  Previously my favorite wings would have been cafe soho's garlic soy flavor just to give you an idea of what kind of wing I'm putting it up against.
Definitely not your average bar food as everything we tried was good. Steak mac and cheese using gnocchi, fish and chips with a unique tartar sauce, etc.  I look forward to trying more of their menu.Terribly overpriced for the selections offered. They're trying to recreate some kind of center city/Passyunk type of hip atmosphere, but it takes more than overpriced food and terrible service to make that happen. Save your money and go to any of the other great places on main st.Yum! Came here for happy hour snacks and man were they delicious. I love places that offer exotic flavored french fries and man did they deliver, and also the goat nuggets are little nuggets sent down from the Gods ;) The seasoning on both dishes was yummy and they were so big that it ended up being my dinner despite sharing it with people. 
The atmosphere is romantic yet fun and the servers were all super knowledgable, friendly, and attentive.
This will definitely be a go-to spot for me and I'll continue to update as I try more things here!I usually never review service or food on a new restaurant or bar. I always wait a couple of months to let them work the kinks out. Not so with this place.
Great cocktails. The signature drink 'Goats Beard' is like a Bourbon mojito. Could be my Summer drink.  Food was fresh and inventive, tapas style portions allowed a sampling. Food & drinks arrived on schedule and the place looked great. Pretty impressive since it's only been open a week.
I'll be back for sure, hope they get some outside seeing soon!While the atmosphere is comfortable and the servers friendly and efficient the food is spotty.  Had lunch there with my family this last weekend and found the menu limited with many items topping fries.  The Breakfast Burger was fantastic but the Caesar Salad with chicken I wouldn't feed to prisoners.  They serve many nice craft beers.My husband and I came in for brunch on Saturday.  The first floor dining room was crowded but they were happy to seat us upstairs.  The ambiance is great.  The service was good. And the food was tasty.  I ordered from the $15 lunch menu.  This comes with a non-alcoholic drink, a choice from a few small starters and then a lunch item.  I had the salad with balsamic and vegetable gyro.  Everything was delicious.  My husband had the soup special which was Beer and Potato soup and the Breakfast Burger.  He thoroughly enjoyed it.  We have yet to dine for dinner or happy hour, but that is next on our list.Pretty delicious bar food especially during happy hour. Skip the fish tacos only one was cooked all the way and they don't use cod. The old bay fries were yummy but my boyfriend says a little too thin. I liked the "goat" nuggets but they did have a lot food on. The mac and cheese with gnocchi was an odd idea that really doesn't get the best of a pillow gnocchi or the melty goodness of Mac and cheese with actual noodles.
The hype over the old fashioned is not understood. One of the worst I've ever had, get the honeysuckle or any beers on tap instead.
Hella yuppies and loud white chicks cackling all around. Nice and upscale but loud like a Buca de Beppo.One of my favorite restaurants at Manayunk. Well worth the extra walk out of the main area. The brunch has good variety. Food is not typical bar food.Beer Flights and Whiskey Flights it doesn't get any better than that!
Try the Whipped Ricotta Cheese Dip and Fish Tacos. 
I did not care for the Macaroni and Cheese but they did have a delicious Stuffed Cabbage Special. 
 Nice outside seating and great service!This is definitely one of my staple places to go. Service is always great staff is friendly and helpful. The food is always on point a couple favorites are the steak tartare and the grilled octopus and you can never go wrong heading there for brunch!!Went here for a Saturday lunch. They have a lunch special for $15 that is salad or appetizer, lunch menu and soda. Great value for good food. I had the goat burger which was very tasty. Our waitress was very nice and efficient. We will go here again when we are in Philadelphia.Visited The Goat's Beard about a month ago with my girlfriend on a cold Thursday night. The decor was nice - cozy, warm atmosphere. Good music. Now, this is where the compliments end. This restaurant is the epitomy of a place that draws a crowd from its look. The menu was boring, the food lacked creativity and the flavors were unbalanced. My girlfriend ordered a burger, which she enjoyed. Maybe that was my mistake, I should have tried something simpler. I ordered the duck leg. It was overcooked - beat, actually. The cider-raisin wasn't working for me. We also ordered chicken wings to start - they didn't show up at the table. We eventually got them after our entrees. The wings were dry and the sauce was boring. Placed an order for short rib chili to go and that was decent. But I'm not exactly sure what cost 15 dollars. There are too many great taprooms in this city for me to risk spending my money here again.There's not a bad thing to say about this place! My friends and I are not from the area and were looking for somewhere good to eat.... after scrolling through yelp we came across this gem. Right off the bat when calling for a reservation we were invited with humor and welcoming comments. Upon arrival we were seated right away and greeted by our waitress Kirsten who presented with a charismatic, personable, and attentive vibe. As a waitress myself, she is honestly one of the best I've had. Dope ass girl!!! Food was awesome, had the steak Mac and cheese which was cooked to perfection! Would recommend this place to anyone and will definitely be back if I'm in the area again!!Things I love:
The cocktails (both of the strawberry drinks are so perfect for summer)
The atmosphere - feels grown up in a town that sometimes feels full of college kids
Chill live music
Wings and fries are delicious
Things I don't love:
Inconsistent service
Prices are somewhat high compared to the amount of food you getI went here with one of my girlfriends for brunch a few weekends back and I was very pleasantly surprised. Their fries are out of this world. I forget exactly what they were called but got the ones that were loaded with everything. My mouth is watering thinking about them weeks later. I got the eggs and asparagus dish and it doesn't sound like much but it is a must have ( and I am not a crazy veggie person). She got a burger and raved about how it was cooked perfectly. The service was a little slow but we were catching up so we didn't mind much. They had cool beers on tap and it looked like a fun little place to hang out in at night as well. I'm not in that area a lot but  when I go back, I will definitely be stopping in again !Came back here for brunch and it wasn't quite what dinner cracked up to be. The burger was good but pretty greasy, my ham and cheese was ok, but not fantastic and the special omlette had massive chunks of tomato and regular fries on the side. My tomato soup with the ham and cheese was one of the most bland I've had too. I really really loved this place for dinner and I still think they're fantastic, but I wouldn't go for brunch. It took a pretty long time to get our food too and it was empty in there.
I will say I finally got to try to hummus plate and that was fantastic with the olive tapenade, sun dried tomatoes, tzatziki and roasted peppers. It had even more than that, and it was all fantastic. Our server was great and I still will be back here countless times for dinner, just wanted to shout out a little "eh" for their brunch. Still would like to give the owner a hug for this place anyway and thank them for being around.I have mixed feelings about the Goat's Beard. I recently had lunch with my boyfriend here over a holiday weekend that most people are down the shore for, so we thought it wouldn't be too packed. It wasn't. I got a Bloody Maria and the grilled asparagus lunch plate. He got a special they were having, 1 lbs. of wings and a draft beer for $12 and we shared the Old Bay fries. The food and drinks were very good and priced well, except for my Bloody Maria which was 10 stinkin' dollars. We both loved the atmosphere and the inside of the bar, too. The only issue was the service we got. Our server was very friendly, but he couldn't remember the prices of some of the specials, and after he took our order he was helping/socializing with the other staff at the bar. The table next to us and a couple who sat at the bar both came in about 15-20 minutes after us and both got their food before us. The server checked on our food once for us before these other two groups got their food and never checked again. We had to ask the server to check on our food after both parties were completely finished their meals, and about 30 minutes after we placed our order. The food came out hot, and everything was delicious, but the service was definitely disappointing. I would go back and give it a second shot because of the food only.We had a great experience here on a Friday night in April.  
Philadelphia is the central location to meet when my college friends and I get together, but we've done Center City so many times, sometimes it's just not worth the hassle.  We chose Manayunk, and particularly the Goat's Beard, to try something new and a hopefully find a spot where you could heard conversation.
It helped that we were there the weekend preceeding Easter - most college kids were home, so the town was a bit quieter.  There's a paid parking lot across down a block and across the street - Venice Island.  It was $8 for the evening until midnight. 
We walked in around 9:30 and the bar was pretty full, but there was still room to move around.  We found the hostess' stand, but it was the manager who came, greeted us, and seated us at a high-top table just next to the bar.   
The Goat's Beard has an EXTENSIVE cocktail list.  I tried three of the signature drinks - The Goat's Beard, the Old Fashioned, and the Town & County (which was the best of the three - made with maple syrup, rye, antica, and rhubarb bitters).  Prices were about $9/drink.  Non-signature drinks were around $6 and beer around $4.  
Best part of the night? Acoustic guitarist who set up shop not far from us, covering my favorite early-2000's acoustic/alternative bands.   It was like my favorite station on Pandora - but live!!
Can't attest to the food - we just imbibed in the extensive drink menu!
Goat's Beard is the place to go in Manayunk for late-twenties/early-thirty-something-year olds. If I lived nearby, I'd be there every weekend.Manayunk finally got it's "missing piece." A whisky bar!  Goat's Beard has an eclectic menu, plenty of gluten free options, and a good selection of whisky. We stopped here on a sunny Sunday afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner. The windows were open and there were a lot of tables set up outside. We opted to sit at the bar. The place has a cozy yet modern vibe to it, there's a lot of wood work and some contemporary leather stools. 
I was hoping to try the wings (which are listed on the online menu), unfortunately, they weren't printed on the menu we received that day. We ordered the duck spring rolls to start and I got the fish tacos, while my other half ordered the burger. While we waited for our food I ordered up the signature "Goat's Beard" cocktail and my husband had a bourbon. 
I really liked my drink and we both thought our food selections were delicious. The spring rolls were flavorful and crispy, the fish tacos were perfectly cooked and very filling. (You get two tacos per order, but they are large and stuffed to the brim). The burger was also great. I'm usually not a fan of blue cheese on my burger and opt for sharp cheddar, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it. 
Our bartender was great. She was very friendly and attentive. Overall we had a good experience at Goat's Beard and will definitely be back. 
I think they are still working out some things since they aren't even a month old yet. I'd suggest that they put their hours up on their website and on the door as well (we showed up at 3:45 to eat on a Sunday and they said they'd open in 45 minutes. We returned at 4:30 and sat down ready to order, and they said the kitchen didn't open until 5.  Also, some of the waitstaff seemed a little flustered when we first got there, maybe because they weren't really prepared to be open until 5.  Those are minor points that I'm sure will be worked out over the next few weeks.The ambiance is great along with the decor! The service is absolutely wonderful -- very welcomingI am going to start my review with the only part of the dinner I did not like.  I had wished my wife and I were able to sit downstairs in the bar area.  I am not saying the upstairs is bad, but downstairs, at least on that night, was a much more livelier part of the restaurant.
The food we ordered was excellent.  We started with the mussels.  The mussels came with fries instead of bread to dunk, but I enjoyed the fries.  I enjoyed how the fires fell into the juice and soaked it up....tasty.  I ordered the special, which was a lobster risotto.  The risotto was actually cooked very well.  It was not and compacked like most risottos I see at restuarants.  It was a little runny, which is perfect.  My wife had the vegetable napoleon.  It was not something I would have ordered, but it was a good dish.  We finished the night with the deep fried brownie.  It was awesome!  There was a decent beer selection as well.  I was nopt a fan of the second beer I ordered, but I always try to find a new beer, this one just did not pan out.  I would definately go back to the Goat's Beard....hopefully to sit downstairs.Went here for date night with husband. He had a whiskey flight and I had a cocktail which were pretty good. We had the veggie burger which is hand made and very tasty but a little dry. We also had the fish and chips which tasted fresh. The French fries were thin and that's the way we like them. Service was very good. We made a reservation on open table and sat outside. We likes the atmosphere as well. We will be back!Awesome place just to hangout. I only get upset if I can't sit in the corner seat at the Bar by the window...Of the dozen or so "restaurant week" experiences I've had, from average to higher priced establishments, the Goat's Beard has been the best. Their choice of menu items was amazing, their craft beer selection was good and the service was extremely grateful that we were having such a good time. We were told it was a rough night in the restaurant but in my opinion they hit a home run. Salmon with coconut rice and sirloin over gnocchi mac n cheese, sheesh! Dare I mention the fried brownie dessert, deadly...I was in Mananyunk for the Arts Festival.  My friend and I made a day of it and wanted to grab drinks and dinner.  I ran into a friend who suggested the Goat's Beard.  First impression walking... so cute, classy and loved it.  Bartenders were great.  I didn't get her name, but a new bartender started that night and she was wonderful.  After my first, go-to Tito's dirty martini, I told her what I liked in a martini and she made me a great one.  We ordered the hummus plate and fish and chips.  Both were delicious.  Don't even get me started on their FRENCH FRY MENU.  If you go, get them.  All of them.  There are options.  I'll definitely go back if I'm out that way again.My dad claims this is the best burger he has ever had. It's nice place with a bit of a hipster vibe. I enjoyed my salad although I think they should have more options for vegetarians. Hummus was excellent and very flavorful. I would definitely go back here again.One if the best restaurants on Main Street! The food was cooked perfectly and full if flavor. Their whiskey menu is unbeatable, I would highly recommend getting an old fashioned or another classic whiskey drink to take advantage of all of the whiskey options! We sat outside and took advantage of the $5 valet. There was no wait on a Friday night. My one complaint is that it took at least 40 minutes for our food to come out, which seemed a bit long.So simple. Steak on Mac and cheese. But wait. Some of the "mac" is gnocchi!   Well I never - but I will again!  Plus we had the friendliest server. My companion had the Porky Pig and loved it. I'm going back - this weekend I hope.Great place overall. 
If you're looking for typical bar food -- or a typical bar scene, it may not be the place for you. The atmosphere is a mix of rustic and modern, with a touch of sophistication and definitely not divey or stuffy. It's intimate, a great place for a date or to catch up with friends...not your fratty, sort of college bar. 
The food is on point! Clearly a lot of thought went into the menu, because there's a pretty eclectic mix of dishes that would appeal to a variety of diners from vegetarians, to carnivores, and even to those with food allergies. The portions are not mega-sized, but they're certainly well-portioned for an individual or for sharing. Those expecting typical bar fare -- over-sized platters of flash fried frozen chicken tenders or mozz sticks from a bag should probably steer clear. 
I personally think the prices are justified, given the quality of the food...local, in season, organic, etc. I've been here a handful of times and have never had a bad experience. They also have awesome specials -- happy hour is a good call, and live music sometimes.  Would definitely recommend The Goat's Beard.This is one of, if not my favorite places in Manayunk. The bar has a great vibe, so many great cocktails and a really good beer selection. It's great just to come for drinks and casual food, and even better for a nice dinner. There is not a thing on the menu that I haven't loved. 
Most recently when my boyfriend and I went we started with a duck crostini with sautéed red onion, capers and fresh parsley. It was out of this world. I had the steak mac and cheese, which is not at all as basic as it sounds. Their hand-made gnocchi mac and cheese is incredible, and they put perfectly cooked steak on top with a red-wine reduction sauce. My boyfriend got their burger, which is far from your average burger. I can not recommend this place enough.I love this place, but they did away with their poke, one of their signature dishes! It was not mainstream, but a unique creative version! Bring it back please...
Also their lunch special is only on Fridays - really?? It was a reason to go once a week but no longer.
This is a great place with excellent drinks and awesome food. I just wish you would still serve poke. Several of my friends feel the same way. So bring it back and I bet business will pick up!!This may be my favorite restaurant in Manayunk! They have an awesome assortment of hand crafted cocktails! I thoroughly enjoy their hand cut Carlos Fries with sweet chili sauce & sour cream, it doesn't get much better than that.   The Goat's Beard also has wonderful daily specials! The atmosphere is a little more up-scale than most bars in Manayunk, which is nice and refreshing.  Also, it has a bit of an older crowd (meaning not college kids) which again is refreshing.  I hear they have an outstanding brunch, I cant wait to check it out.
If your looking for a nice bar with great cocktails and food without a college crowd, then i would highly recommend this establishment!My girlfriend and I decided to ride our bikes from Philly to Manayunk recently and stopped here before we headed back to Philly. Boy I am glad we did! Amazing food, amazing service, and perfect weather, needless to say we didn't want to leave. WE WILL BE BACK SOON! We loved this place!Food was pretty good, had beets & burrata salad which was quite nice, others enjoyed their meals as well (work function).  Beer selection had a good mix.  Service was good.  Parking is terrible, good luck with what:)Try the osso bucco. This place is GREAT! The food is good and great quality. Work peers had the poke bowl and the steak mac. I had the osso. It was awesome! Definitely recommend this place when in the neighborhood. Will be back!
Try the osso bucco. Try the osso bucco. Try the osso bucco. Try the osso bucco. Try the osso bucco. I spelled it wrong.Waiting for my husband to rent his bicycle from Human Zoom I wandered into Goat's Beard, not expecting a lot and was delighted to find a very upscale, locally sourced kitchen with a creative chef and a flabbergasting whiskey menu. The specials were a braised beef tongue and a short rib braise over fries with a three cheese bechamel.  Great stuff!  It is in a trendy neighborhood, making the outdoor seating prime people watching territory, and the service was excellent.  Knowledgeable waitstaff who seemed to enjoy their work.  Tara was my waitress, and if I return, I will call ahead to be sure she is working that day.  A real pleasure, and this from a grumpy old woman....
  But the whiskey menu was the real stand out.  A few scotches, maybe 4 Irish (they need to add some Bushmills, esp. Black Bush) and lots of Bourbons.  Up or on the rocks is a $3 additional charge for close to a double.  I highly recommend the Blanton's.Wow. Just Wow. The goat nuggets are nuggets of gold. Probably some of the best things I have eaten in a while. This place seems like it has a great chefs and great management. Tom gave me the recommendation for the Goat nuggets because I was looking for something light and I like spicy food.
The staff are super friendly as well. They have Not your father's root beer here. All the customers here are super friendly as well. While at the bar I talked to a couple of the other customers and they all had great things to say about this place. I'll be back to try more of their menu. :DI came here for dinner last night with a friend. The atmosphere is great. The waitresses were friendly. The food did take awhile to come out but it was absolutely delicious!! I ordered the vegetable napoleon. My friend ordered the squash apple soup and mac & cheese. It was all delicious. The prices are reasonable. They have a halloween candy bowl on the way out.After hiking along forbidden drive with our pup we headed over to main Street manayunk for an early dinner. The goat's beard is pet friendly if you sit outside. Very casual place like your plate is a foil take out container casual. I didn't mind but think it is worth mentioning. Waitress was nice and loved our pup. We got our food fairly quickly considering they were backed up on orders from the opening rush.We were celebrating a family birthday.  Our waiter, Tom, was the best!  The menu had unique options.  The appetizers and entrees were plated perfectly and delicious.  One of us had the hamburger with egg, pineapple and beets, the other ribs, corn and potatoes, the other salmon, poached egg over asparagus and potatoes and the other bacon cheeseburger.  We all thoroughly enjoyed our food.  They also have a fantastic selection of craft beers!  We enjoyed the atmosphere and the option to eat outside if we liked (we did eat inside).  We would recommend this to all of our friends!.  (wonderful gluten free options on the main menu too!)You would be hard pressed to find worse service. 
 I was the first person to arrive.  I wanted to order some apps to be ready by the time my company arrived.  The bartender gave me a drink and a menu.  I never saw her face again.  She hung out at the end of the bar (her back to the customers) chatting with the waitstaff.  There are too many other options in the neighborhood to waste your time here.This is one of my favorite spots in Manayunk. Their happy hour varies on a daily basis, but there's always something for everyone. They tasty speciality cocktails. Their wine pours are generous. I really love their French fries. You can order different types. They are big portions and great for sharing. I also always order their chicken bites. They are a key happy hour item. I've ordered their steak and Mac and cheese. It was absolutely delicious. It comes in a skillet and stays warm throughout the meal. Their peak times are during happy hour, so it can get crazy, but if you go right at 5 then you can get a good spot. This place is very cozy. I recommend it for a date night or grabbing drinks with friends. I keep going back!Went here for dinner. The service was great: consistent and friendly.
The inside is a bit crammed; I was at a table of 4 with 3 others and I'm not a huge fan of the high chair set up. But that's not a major complaint.
I got the smoked trout pate as a starter. I'd say it was mediocre. It just didn't pack the amount of flavor you'd want from a pate.
I got the goat burger as my main dish as a friend recommended. It was good, but nothing special. The fries were tasty, but the burger was just a burger. It didn't stand out from the average burger at a bar in Philly.Came for dinner on a weekend evening with a group of 8 people and we were had an excellent experience. We knew what we were walking into with the "tapas" concept and out super bubbly waitress did a great job of explaining it for anyone at the table who wasn't exactly sure how to order. The food was superb -- ingredients and presentation wise. The portions were NOT small for tapas style eating, but may be considered "small" in comparison to a traditional "entree" sized portion. 
Our only gripe was that the food came out of the kitchen rather quickly., which was a bit overwhelming to our large group of people...though it does make sense since all of the dishes are 'made to order '. (I'd rather have hot food than stale food that was sitting under a heat lamp!). All in all it was a good experience and I'd definitely go back again. Cocktails are absolutely stand-out! I'd go here on a date, or a girl's night...might not be the best choice for a diner with traditional expectations, but still...food doesn't disappoint!We had the cheese plate which was unlike and better than any cheese plate I have had. The wine and cocktails where superb. The hamburger was good. The lamb meatballs were served with a vodka sauce and fabulous. We loved this place and didn't even have the mac and cheese steak and Nicholas that everyone raves about. But we will will be back - loved it!Please note the rating is entirely based on the food, not experience.
We came here for a late dinner Friday night over the holiday weekend. Upon arriving, we saw a table open on the sidewalk and requested to sit outside via the hostess. We waited inside while the table was cleared. However, while we waited, another party walked up and our table was given to them without the hostess' knowledge. Watching this happen, we were obviously frustrated as we had been waiting and for the lack of communication between the server and hostess, we missed out. Luckily, another table outside had cleared a few minutes later.
As we sat down, our table was not ready at all. No food/drink menus, silverware, etc. We again waited as the waitress fumbled to get all of this ready for us at our new table making several trips because she continued to forget pieces, We placed an order for drinks and looked over the menu which had many delicious options. Our waitress however did not come back for some time to take our order- a theme that occurred the rest of the night. We felt consistently forgotten about. Furthermore, after our meal, we had overheard how some drink specials were going on which 100% would have swayed our decision, had we been told.
Despite all of this, I was thrilled with my decision to order the steak mac and cheese. I was at first surprised when asked how I would like my meat cooked because I enjoy medium rare was was nervous how the run off would be in the cheese sauce. However it was not at all an issue! The portion was just the right amount of perfectly cookied gnocchi, rich and creamy cheese sauce, sweet and tangy bbq sauce and steak. I was a little hesitant upon seeing the bbq sauce when the dish arrived but the flavors blended well and exceeded my expectations. My only compliant would be using a butter knife to cut the steak- had I ordered medium well I don't think it would have worked. I did not walk away from this dish feeling over full or groggy- I highly recommend it. 
I would consider coming back for the food alone, since it was that good and the fries looked beyond appetizing.Recently moved to Manayunk and everyone has raved about The Goat's Beard so my boyfriend and I made a point to visit. The food is good, typical comfort food but prepared in unconventional ways. The Goat Nuggets are good, the mussels, the wings, etc. Not a bad happy hour spot. 
But this review is for the SERVICE. Every time we go we leave feeling uncomfortable and unwelcome. The servers are all pretty, young girls probably attending college in the area, who feel that they are doing you a favor by gracing you with their presence. They make comments, they roll their eyes, they sigh, they argue with you. Every single time we have patroned this restaurant the food has come out wrong - every single time. Usually its an uncomfortable thing to have food sent back and corrected, but occasionally it needs to be.
It sounds silly, but my boyfriend hates onions and asked the server to omit the onions from his Goat Burger. When it arrived, covered in caramelized onions -- we looked around for our server. After waiting for quite some time -- we finally asked the hostess if we could get some help. We explained to her about the burger and she looked at us incredulously, "so... you want a new one... or what." My boyfriend, uncomfortable and embarrassed at this point looked about to concede. Finally I cut him off. "YES, we would please like a new burger." She rolled her eyes, grabbed the plate and stomped off. 
Two seconds later our server comes back, apologizes for the burger and says, "Can we just scrape them off?" Sheepishly, he apologized and said no, they were covered in onions and he just didn't want it that way. 
She continued. "But you just had the wings and they were covered in the same onions." (I had ordered the wings -- for me -- I love onions. (Does this sound like a ridiculous conversation to anyone else????)
Clearly uncomfortable and unwilling to argue about something so trivial, he just said to forget it altogether. She came back to the table 3 times, loudly and immaturely clanking glasses and clearing away utensils we were still using. 
Five minutes later -- she comes back with a burger and a box -- saying that the kitchen wanted to make it anyway. (A box?? Are you kicking us out? Very clearly she did not want to serve us.) 
Every one in a while you get a crappy server whose overdeveloped sense of self gives them the false idea that they are better than you. Rarely is it a reflection of the restaurant itself.
However, similar situations have occurred every single time we have eaten at The Goat's Beard. There are better, cheaper options in Manayunk and certainly in Philadelphia. We won't be coming back.I absolutely love Goats Beard! It's our neighborhood go to place. 
The staff is extremely friendly and always going above and beyond to satisfy us (I.e..samples of wine, beer, whiskey). 
We usually sit at the bar when we visit but we have also enjoyed the dining room in the past and the service was just as wonderful (Kelsey was our server, I think). 
The food is so yummy! The goat nuggets are definitely a favorite. I also love the pickled jalapeños (I'm kind of a spice freak). 
I recommend this place to all of my friends when they are in from out of town and they always have a very enjoyable experience.Went there last night.  Service was awesome & the food & drinks were great too.
We got a little bit of everything.  We started with the mussels, goat nuggets & falafel. I would order all again except the falafel (sorry, I've been spoiled by Zahav)  For dinner we got the fish tacos, steak mac & cheese, & the scallops.  Would definately order all of them again.  Looking forward to going back!After a full day of professor-ing my partner and I decided to head to the Goat's Beard for a much deserved cocktail and meal prepared by another. We settled on the Goat's Beard, a place we have been to 3- 4 times in last year, certainly not enough to be anything like regulars but not a place with which we are unfamiliar. Moseying in at around 5:30pm we are asked about reservations. We have none, but with five tables open and an entire second floor likely not full, we feel relatively safe that the restaurant will be able to accommodate us. (In point of fact we have only ever made reservations once on a busy summer Saturday evening and otherwise have never had any trouble getting a table.) We are stashed at the worst table in the house, cattycorner to the bathrooms, directly across from the hostess stand and at one of the restaurants' two main entrances. When we inquire about the possibility of sitting at any one of the other five empty tables we are told they are reserved; second floor accommodations are not offered. Well, you have no reservations, you take your lumps, right? Until, that is, you see another small party waltz in without reservations and be taken to one of the best tables in the house: large, near the front of the restaurant, windows on both side, with the hostess stand nearly out of view.  Then you begin to question why this treatment has been accorded to others, but not you? Perhaps the other customers were regulars? Perhaps they standardly tip 50% or more (we tend to tip in 25- 30%)? Perhaps it is because this establishment would prefer to serve white customers or because money from white hands spends differently? Perhaps our appearance was off-putting, though we were hardly the only patrons in denim. The truth is, I really can't say. I do know that we have permanently crossed this place off our list for casual dining. A meal out should hardly force you to have so many questions, unclear answers, but most of all should not be staffed with people so very comfortable making the choices they did.Goat's Beard has a lot more seating than most restaurants on main street which is nice. We were able to be seated right away for brunch.  Nice, clean establishment for sure. I just felt like even though I enjoyed what I got (catfish sandwich) the menu selection was just okay, and super eclectic. I'm not a beyond picky eater or anything, but it was like of all the things I could have gotten I only would have ever ate one or two of those options. Plus, I felt both drinks and food were overpriced for what it was tbhGreat food great service. The bartenders are very old-school.  Attentive without being overbearing. Good conversation and they make a very good drink. A handlebar mustache would not have been out of place on these guys. If I lived closer, I could see this being one of my hang outIt's a good bar. That's about it. I ate there a couple of times. The food is mediocre. The servers are OK. Their worst crime was to serve a piece of pork belly that was recommended by the server and was the worst cooked pork belly I ever had. It was tough. That hog died for the wrong reason. 
This is not a college bar. That's a relief! Go there for drinks. Not for their food.This is where I want to be. 
Short pour bourbons priced right from a great list. And Good craft draft too. 
The service team were great and friendly. 
We shared burrata, SMOKED POTATOES and ham and cheese* while trying different bourbons while everyone was being really nice to us. 
I wanted to stay and let everyone continue to be nice to us but was hesitant to have another bourbon!
Never thought to smoke potatoes... Really good idea. 
* be thou not deceived by the name ham and cheese!  This is worth knowin' about.I am in love with their drink menu and their steak mac and cheese; the mussels were amazing, too! But I've been here a few times, and I sometimes wish the menu were more variable.You want to pay that premium for mediocre food and beer selection here's the place.
I'm happy to pay $15 for a "good" burger but at least make it good ...
I ordered the "secret sauce" on the side but a few bites in and I realized the sauce hides the odd flavor of the meat ...
Shame, the interior was pretty posh but the food was lackluster.
With so many American fair with a southern flair restaurants in this area getting it spot on every time, these guys really dropped the ball.
Bonus is the whiskey reserve list but without quality food I doubt we'll make it back here ever again.I love this place! They brought some fresh offerings to Main Street just in time! Their cocktails are thoughtfully crafted, fresh, and delicious. The small plates change seasonally, and are all pretty good. The portions are satisfying, the atmosphere is comfortable and the service is good as well. Some of my favorites so far are the Day Boat Scallops, Mussels, and their Steak. Can't wait to get back.I have dined at the Goats Beard 5-6 times and I've enjoyed it every time.  They have a nice bar with a great selection of liquor, the bartenders are cool and they really know how to mix a great cocktail.
However after this past weekend I WILL NEVER SET FOOT IN THIS ESTABLISHMENT AGAIN. Here's why...we arrived at 6pm on a Saturday, with the exception of two tables in the bar area, every table in the place was EMPTY. There was a reserved sign on the last remaining high top table at the bar but again, the remaining tables were empty.  There were two people working the hostess stand, one wanted to seat us but the other told her NOT to seat us because they had a lot of reservations coming at 6:30?!?!?!?! I was stunned, here we are two people ready able and willing to patronize this establishment but they were holding the tables for guest that may or may not show up. I say may or may not b/c there was an event on main st and it was closed to traffic therefore it may have been a challenge for others to get there.  
Here's the best part, the hostess that would not seat us told us that she'd "have a table for us in about 30 minutes" so let's be clear...we couldn't be seated at 6 when the restaurant was practically empty, but we could be seated at 6:30 which is the time in which all of the so called reservations were arriving. That was horrible customer service, and I have no problem taking my money elsewhere.
It's an unfortunate turn of events because we really liked Goats Beard. Fortunately this is Philly and there are tons of great restaurants to chose from.By far my favorite place in Manayunk. The burger is amazing. The staff is always nice and I've never had issues with being greeted and getting seated. The live music is also a plus.This place is AWESOME! The food is extremely high quality and reasonably priced for the quality! The places is a little small, but they make up for it with a HUGE heart!  I promise you will not be disappointed!Unique bar in Manayunk. Great atmosphere, awesome rotating draft and cocktail menus, and good food. Bartender Tim is super friendly and very knowledgeable. Great for a night out with friends or a date night. Can't wait to come back.Stopped in for dinner on Tuesday night with a friend. Although it is Restaurant Week, I opted to order from the regular menu while my friend chose from the RW menu. I started with the Mac & Cheese and it was amazing! I had seen a lot of great reviews for it and was really looking forward to trying it. It did not disappoint! My friend got the Goat Nuggets and they were so tasty! For our entrees, I got a burger and he got the Steak & Potatoes. Both were equally as delicious as the appetizers. 
I loved the atmosphere and the service was also very good. I would definitely recommend this to friends and would return any time!There not going to deep fry frozen food and dump it on your plate.  They are not going to pour shitty booze into plastic cup and call it a cocktail.  
If that is what you are looking for pump the breaks...
If you want a quality dining experience, go to The Goat.
If you want the best drink in Manayunk go to The Goat.Well this is a little bit of a surprising oasis on Main Street! Ambiance is warm and welcoming, cozy, sometimes gets a bit loud, but fantastic. Went with a large group, we must say the Kimchee fries and cheese plates are not to be missed. Disappointed in the goat empanadas, very strong in taste and very small in serving. Drinks were fantastic, lots to choose from. The mac n cheese sirloin, had way too much panko for our liking, but still tasty. The salads were to die for. Our waiter was a bit over tentative, kept interrupting our conversation on needless inquiry. Not bad, just a bit overzealous. We will come back, trust me on this, lots of places to eat here, but only a handful truly great. This place is in our top three.I am so excited to see the location that was once good (as Thomas') and sunk into the trough of despair ("Workhorse") resurrect (appropriately, so close to Easter) as the Goat's Beard. The renovation to the space is beautiful. I would say that its ambiance is currently among the best in Manayunk (alongside places like Yanako). 
Our waitress was very friendly, and was very good at laughing at my bad jokes. This is an acquired skill, and so I appreciate it when people get it right. 
The menu was had an OK selection of entrees and sandwiches, and the price point was moderate. I had the burger, which was tasty, and my wife went with the pork belly, which she liked but found the portion to be on small side. I guess it was supposed to be like a tappas sort of deal. I'm sure that they will fine tune their menu over time, given that they just opened. 
The beer menu is good. They have a reasonable selection for craft brew enthusiasts, and the mixed drink list is creative. 
Overall, I would say to drop in and check it out if you happen to be in the area. There are currently better places in Manayunk, but I think it's worth supporting this concept, as I think the Goat's Beard has the potential to be a great place and a welcome addition to the neighborhood.Food was good but the service was horrible and my burger was cooked way under medium and I was given the excuse that temperatures here at goats beard are different from the normal medium temperature that society goes by.I had high hopes for this joint. They set the scene right, giving tables a cozy and romantic feel with tealight candles. The menu was presented with a wood backing that gave it a sophisticated rustic feel. Our hostess was extremely welcoming and brought a sample of beer that I had asked about and one that I hadn't so that we could make the best choice. However, the food here really let me down. We started with the beef tartare. I liked the fried rice cracker, which came out warm and fresh and countered the cold beef. But the beef itself was laid out on pear slices that didn't make sense with the dish, at least in my opinion. First of all, it was difficult to figure out how to eat pear slices and floppy meat at the same time, and the pear was sliced kind of big relative to the meat. Second, the bright flavor of the pear, which I think was maybe supposed to tone down the savory quality of meat, actually overwhelmed the beef flavor for me. I think it was very aesthetic but not as functional. Then, the bf ordered the pork belly and scallops and I had the salmon poke. I know what you're thinking - who orders poke at a gastropub? It was a rookie mistake. I was looking for something light and vegetable-loaded to balance out my diet while traveling, but this was not the right choice. The dish could best be described as weird. It wasn't pretty, the toppings they included seemed semi-random and didn't really combine with each other, and the sauce coating the salmon was really sad. Aside from being very salty, the flavor didn't do anything to complement the salmon. The pork belly/scallop dish was salty as well. Alas, I loved the setting and the service and would come back perhaps to sit at the bar, but I couldn't advise anyone to shell out for the food here.Awesome Mac & Cheese with the Steak. Had the Sangria and a Shot Of Whiskey. ...Hand's Down is Great Food and Drinks the best.  My husband had the Wings. It was good and had good taste with the buttermilk.My husband and I went during happy hour the drinks were priced very reasonably the food was outstanding!!! Great menu and great service!I lived beside The Goat's Beard for a year and they have the best weekly specials in Manayunk.  Thursday $5 select specialty cocktails and $5 Goat Nuggets accompanied by some live music is a steal.I thoroughly enjoyed this place.  Good atmosphere for a Wednesday.   I ordered the halibut and avocado.   Good salsa mix, too.  Will definitely come back.Goat nuggets were legit, not legit goat nugs but legit chicken nuggies. Not sure if that makes sense but it does.I've been here three times. I've really likes all the food I've gotten here. With the exception of one appetizer we ordered, which came out so small it was funny, everything was amazing. I'm waiting for them to bring back the chicken sandwich with the tomato bacon chutney! I love whiskey too and their whiskey cocktails are outstanding. Will be back again and again