This place is so cool. From the moment we walked in the service was so good, that I assumed the waiter was the owner. I was WRONG! lol
It is BYOB, so go to Bob's Tavern and get some great local beers. Then your ready for your taste buds to dance. Really they will!
The food was amazing we met the chef/owner and she was so warm and friendly we felt like family. We are going back to work our way through the Menu.
Please check this place out and enjoy the Dance. lolI picked this place based off of the top philly restaurants that serve Sears "Fois Gras". We came here for my birthday and brought some wine. The appetizers, dinner and dessert were cooked perfectly. We will definitely becoming back. One of my favorite Fois Gras dishes by far!!!!A graceful balance of ease and elegance, The Pickled Heron serves delicious and satisfying locally-sourced food in a lovely atmosphere.  Everything I had was fantastic, but you know what surprised me the most?  The spinach salad with flatbread, which was superbly fresh and flavorful.  The handmade bread and butter were also exceptional.  I left full, happy, and eager to return again!I ate here tonight for a Restaurant Week. I was very excited about french food and was excited about all the positive reviews about this place. First thing I noticed was the awesome ambiance. The food is pricy (but I expected that and was fine with it. I was planning on treating myself and my boyfriend to a nice meal) And the random playlist ("Sail" by AWOLNATION followed by a Velvet Underground song for example) was an interesting choice.
First, the waitress gave each of us only one piece of bread. The first course was a corn soup with basil oil which was delicious. The waitress kept asking us if the soup was warm enough, which seemed a little weird to me, but I didn't think too much of it. Then came the main course, which was Grilled Steak Bavette, Squash Blossom Risotto, Local Tomato Salad, and Red Wine Jus. The Risotto was very sweet and creamy. There were red tomato slices and green ones, which I enjoyed. The plate was fairly small, but I expected that.
The reason for the three star review was the steak. Everything else was great, but the steak was very difficult to eat. It was very fatty and hard to chew. For what I was paying, I expected to be consuming really good meat, and this just didn't seem like it it. I was very disappointed.
The dessert was a blueberry cake muffin with buttermilk ice cream. I had never eaten buttermilk ice cream before and it was very interesting. It tasted like a sweet/slightly sour yogurt. Pretty good! 
So, the tl;dr of it is: the portions are VERY small. If you order an appetizer, a main and a dessert, it is the perfect amount of food, but I imagine if you only order a main, you will leave hungry. Also, the meat was not great quality. Otherwise, this place was great. I spent a lot of money on my meal and was disappointed with the quality of the meat.I've been wanting to try out a French restaurant in Philly for a while, so it just had to happen last night. The Pickled Heron wasn't my first choice, but I'm a procrastinator when it comes to making reservations so there wasn't much choice on a Saturday night. 
The decor is great. Warm, yellow walls in the dining room and even the restroom walls were beautiful deep red. 
I had the foie gras as a starter. It was tasty and it went great with the sauce. My husband had the charcuterie. He thought it was just OK, but I tasted it and thought it was lovely. For our main courses we had the duck breast and the lamb. The duck came with risotto. Flavors could've been a bit stronger, but on the other hand. It was cooked very well and so I was happy. My husband loved his lamb dish. He said it was rich in flavor. For dessert we shared the chocolate terrine which was simply delish! 
It's a nice restaurant, but I'm not sure if I'd go back. I thought service was just OK, not overly friendly or welcoming, pretty standard. Also, the crowd here is a bit older... Overall, we had a lovely dinner with interesting flavors. Well done!Daniella and Todd have distinguished themselves as a French Bistro, yet they were willing to put step outside their comfort zone with a Summer BBQ party held at their restaurant on the Sunday before Labor Day!  They created an extensive and authentic menu and created a warm and loving atmosphere for our friends and family to honor my husband on the occasion of his 60th birthday.  The food, the decor, and the warmth were incomparable! 
This review is way overdue: I intended to post this review months ago. My oversight became obvious because friends and family are still talking about the party we hosted at The Pickled Heron! Daniella and Todd deserve the success they're enjoying as a restaurant and as party planners.OH MY GOD.
I am pretty sure that they lace their foods with something illegal because this took me to a different place! Everything was literally heaven in my mouth.  I came in without a reservation, and given the prices, I wasn't really expecting a "fine dining" experience, but boy was I surprised.  This hidden gem is worth the trek to Fishtown.  I was visiting a friend in the area, but will definitely be making my way back sometime soon with extra bodies.  I want to be responsible for exposing as many people as possible to the edible paradise offered at the Pickled Heron!!!I just wanted to write a quick update to my original post. I received a call from the chef/owner after he read my review. He wanted to apologize for what happened on new years eve, and also thank me for the feedback overall. Taking it one step further, he explained that he'd leave a bottle of bubbly at the restaurant with our name on it to enjoy during a return visit.
While this doesn't necessarily "fix" the issue from NYE, it certainly shows that he cared enough to take some action. It is appreciated.Great dinner, nice atmosphere. Service was very good.
The fresh tomato small plate was grown in the chef's back yard, drizzled with oil and topped with baby oregano. Damn tasty.
I like that's it's byo,only gripe is it's cash only, which is fine unless you forget to get cash before you go! ATM across the street though.Adorable byob spot.
great place and  the cuisine is very authentic.
The foie gras is a must and everything else was also delicious. the staff is nice and friendly and its kinda nice to be off the beaten path and not feel rushed cause someone is waiting for a table.
worth the trip to Fishtown for a romantic eveningThe Pickled Heron is a brave idea done with extreme care and personal effort.  The food is heavenly -- whether it's the on premise baked bread and salted, churned butter or the lamb with imaginative fried pave and greens or the Meyers lemon upside down cake -- each flavor joins to create a clean, clear and powerful set of tastes.  If you don't like extremely well prepared dishes with complexity, don't come here -- you'll be overwhelmed!  And the place is beautifully yet simply appointed with pumpkin walls, an intriguing black ceiling and beautiful hand laid tile in the entry and bath.  When you reach for the cast heron door handle at the front door, you know you're entering someplace special.  Bring your own and pay by cash.AHHHHH....I have so much love for you, Pickled Heron!!!  I just ate there last night with a friend and it was marvelous.
We started with the Charcuterie Plate and the Fois Gras - both were superb!  Then onto the Crispy Duck and the Lentil Croquettes which were phenomenal.  Clearly I am a carnivore, but I can enthusiastically say that this vegetarian meal is unbelievable!!!!  We brought a few bottles of French wine which I picked up from the state store at 2nd & Girard and had a lovely time.BYOB
Lobster cavatelli was served with roasted cauliflower and a yellowish "creme fraiche" sauce.   This was terrific, the texture of the roasted cauliflower paired well with the texture of the pasta, and the sauce was delicious (I wish I knew what was in it).  This was by far, my favorite dish that we tried this evening, and I would have preferred to have a whole bowl of this dish.
The tile fish was served with roasted shallots, cauliflower, tamarind cream and some curry, on top of couscous. I enjoyed this dish, especially the curry with the couscous.  I think I would have preferred a stronger flavored fish (but that's pretty typical for me) to go with the other flavors on the dish.  The fish was flaky and well cooked. 
The steak bavette was served with brussel sprouts, and fingerling potatoes.  A simple dish that was well cooked.  The spouts and potatoes are a classic pairing with the steak.  
We had dessert of creme brulee and some sort of apple cake.  Both were very good.  The creme brulee was especially good, delicate custard and a thin, not overly burnt sugar shell.  The coffee (half a french press) that we had with dessert was also very good; good enough to drink black. 
Service was what you would hope for in this type of place.  Attentive and easily found when needed, and otherwise out of the way.This little gem was absolutely fantastic. My friend and I started out with the homemade charcuterie. I was a bit hesitant in trying it, but it was all very well made and really delicious! Then I had the venison which was cooked to perfection! So tender and awesome. I don't quite remember the name of the dessert I ordered, but it was very light and had a blackberry cream around it. A perfect dessert to end a fantastic dinner.Try the duck breast. Best duck I ever had! Perfectly cooked, medium rare. The home made gnocchi was a great complement.Great Food and Service.  Highly recommend.  BYBO too, so you can bring your favorite wine without paying restaurant prices.Went here for a romantic date with my boyfriend. "The burp I just burped tasted like the mussel broth and it tasted good. My burp tasted good," I purred to him, romantically.
The mussels were also good for regular eating. So was the duck sausage! Good job, chefs!
1 star off for not giving me all the food I wanted at no charge. I hate when restaurants don't just give me things for free.Man-about-town @KingRex (follow him on Twitter) organized a wine dinner for 6 of us back in late November, which was my first visit to this surprisingly under-the-radar new French-ish BYOB in the FIshtown area of Philly.
A very small but quite interesting menu which we ordered from a la carte (no tasting menu option, but with such a small menu it wouldn't make sense):
1) Moules frites, with saffron, mustard and white wine ($12) -- I can never pass up moules frites--this reminded me of dining alone al fresco in Brugge--and almost a meal in itself
2) Seared foie gras, celery root puree, seedless rye bread, caraway jelly ($18) -- straightforward, classic preparation with a good sized piece of foie and some interesting flavors
3) Grilled brace of quail, Swiss chard, foie gras, mushroom risotto ($23) -- DOTN, outstanding, with a wonderful char, and it looked like a 4-legged mutant from Chernobyl (I mean that in a good way) sitting splayed on the plate (see photo)
4) Apple cake, buttermilk cardamom ice cream, caramel sauce ($6) --  Probably the least interesting dish, a bit dry, but tasty enough (and I was stuffed by this point anyway and should probably have skipped dessert)
Recommend getting bottled water for the table, since they have the worst chlorinated tap water I've ever had in Philly.  They really need to invest in a charcoal filter.
Wine of the Night was a:
~1992 Willi Schaefer Graacher Domprobst Riesling Beerenauslese (375mL)
Also: 
~1995 Taittinger Champagne Brut Blanc de Blancs Comtes de Champagne
~1986 Stony Hill Chardonnay
~2005 Henri Germain Bourgogne Blanc
~1996 Jean Philippe Fichet Meursault Meix Sous la Château
~NV G. Schneider & Sohn Aventinus (strong, dark, wheat doppelbock, served with foie)
~1985 E. Guigal Côte Rôtie
~1998 Château de Beaucastel Châteauneuf du Pape
~1998 Le Vieux Donjon Châteauneuf du Pape
~1996 Paul Jaboulet Aîné Hermitage La Chapelle
~1997 Paul Jaboulet Aîné Hermitage La Chapelle
~1983 E. Guigal Hermitage
Located a block or so down the street from Pizza Brain, it wasn't very hard to find parking on the main drag almost in front. Quite attractive inside (I particularly love the brass heron door knob!), with lots of space between tables (~50 seats), it was less than 1/3 full on a Tuesday evening and so pretty quite. Todd & Daniela, the Husband/Wife (or Boyfriend/Girlfriend?) who own the place were very charming and accommodating, and also gave us a complementary amuse-bouche of grilled heart from a 250-pound whole pig they had just got in (served with pickled kohlrabi, a delicacy which is normally reserved for their chef friends).
Counting after tax 20% tip, $78.
I'm surprised that this place doesn't get a lot more press. Perhaps it's the location. I gather they can be quite busy on the weekends, but I hope more people support them during the week, since this is the sort of place Philly really needs to keep around.
Good video: http://www.philly.com/philly/video/BC1550762088001.html
Will definitely return soon...
Cilantro!what a nice surprise for the up and coming frankford row! i am not typically a fan of french food per say but we went to try it out. i ordered something i had no idea what it was. when it came out i still had no idea but ate it anyway. for the most part it was good! the part to die for was the lamb. oh.my.god. it was PERFECT!! i also have to eat gluten free and they were very accommodating and had no problem. i thought the atmosphere was nice and the christmas tree was beautifully decorated. it was a bit small- as all philly BYOBs are. overall the food was great and it was a lot cheaper than the BYOBs in center cityI went to the Pickled Heron last night with a friend to celebrate our mutual birthdays.  I've been eagerly waiting for the arrival of this new restaurant in our neighborhood, and it did not disappoint!  We ordered a number of items on the menu and every  bite of every one was delicious!  Especially loved the beef borgognone and the escargot.  Service was attentive, pleasant and unobtrusive.  Our waitress even brought me a complimentary glass of house wine (my friend doesn't drink so I didn't bring a bottle).  
The atmosphere is cozy (and I don't mean that as a nice way to say too small) and elegant at the same time.  Great addition to Fishtown and worth a trip to the neighborhood for anyone who lives elsewhere.  Highly recommneded!So good. Great ambiance. This place definitely illustrates the difference between dining and eating. It was very much the former, and not the latter. 
We started with the charuterie, which was good. I was far more impressed by the bread though. My friend got the bream provencal, which was good. The dish was beautiful, the fennel and saffron were such a delicate but flavorful addition to the crispy fish. I got the pork. I should have listened to the chef and gotten it med rare. I asked for medium, but it did look more med well. Regardless, it was juicy and so flavorful. It came with some kind of (cheesy?) risotto, which was phenominal, and kale. I think I'm just not texturally a fan of kale as a personal preference. For dessert, we got the chocolate mousse, which was a perfect balance between the bitterness of quality chocolate and sweetness. 
I liked how the portion sizes were not over the top. The place is about quality, not quantity. So good I would definitely go back.This is about my fourth meal here; I've brought other culinary profiessionals here each time, and the meals get better!  If my budget could swing it, I'd be here weekly--the food is superb, delicious, unpretentious, and quite reasonable for the quality and setting.
The highlights of my most recent meal were pickled ramps as a side dish--perfectly tart ramps exceeded by their flavor explosion tops!  Seared scallops were juicy, flavorful, perfectly cooked on a vegetable puree, beautifully plated.  The duck egg creme brulee was the richest, creamiest, smoothest concoction and not excessively sweet.  Thank God I shared it with my partner--I could've eaten it alone but the guilt of overindulgence would've been too much. 
I can't wait to come back to the friendly servers, beautifully simple setting and outstanding food.Fantastic. I have been working in Fishtown for two years, and it took me a minute to process that I was actually in Fishtown eating French Bistro food that I would put up against the likes of any french place in the city. Very high quality food and the craftsmanship really shows.
Byob, so cant really complain about that, and the prices were reasonable for what you were getting. We had 3 courses, with 4 people and it ran like 180 bucks, which i thought was awesome.
We essentially ordered the whole menu, but the highlights were the duck, the house charcuterie plate, and the foie, which was outstanding.
I will definitely be back.The food is delicious. Our group shared seared frois gras, a charcuterie plate and the mussels with frites. All delicious. My steak for dinner was Perfectly cooked. 
My only complaint is that the waitress could be a bit more attentive. She never explained what was on the charcuterie plate. While it was delicious, we were left to guess as to the contents on some items. She also didn't check in with us until we were almost done the meal. She was nice and wasn't rude at all though.Wow - I had to be the dissenter among these 5 star accolades; however the experience friends and I had last night was disappointing.  I was ready to love this place based on the reviews that I read.  The first hiccup was our missing reservation - whoever took the call never bothered to put it in the book.  Not a huge problem as there was only 1 table with customers when we arrived.  That said, our server seemed to have 'issue' with the perceived lack of a reservation.  Really - your place is empty - get over it.
In general the food was very good.  I had the foie gras bread pudding which was excellent.  Mussels were okay but needed more sauce, but another in our party had the escargot which were a major disappointment.  The snails were so horribly overcooked that they were inedible and the sauce had no flavor.  They were sent back to the kitchen with a request to replace with the foie gras.  She received barely an apology from the chef or the server for poorly cooked food.  Two in our party had the lamb sirloin which they said was very tasty but cold.  Two others had the skate wing - tasty but I've had better.  And again not hot enough with one order sitting on top of cold mushrooms.  The sweet potato gnocchi were fabulous and the only dish that arrived piping hot.  We nicely mentioned the cold items to our server - she made a brief apology about issues in the kitchen.  
With all that you'd have thought at least they would have taken the escargot off the bill or sent a dessert out, but no.  They 'kindly' only charged my friend for the cost of the escargot and not the foie gras.  Are you kidding me?????  With the wealth of excellent restaurants in the area we won't be in a hurry to return to place where customer service and satisfaction do not seem to be a priority.Did I ever say I love this city?  OK, I'll say it again, I love this city!  To find a cozy, warm foodie destination in the heart of Fishtown is just one example of my affection.  This BYOB with an open kitchen is very inviting.
The service is just what you needed, very helpful, efficient and attentive when requested.  
Two wonderful appetizers kicked off the food event of the evening.  The foie gras was perfectly seared to "melt in your mouth" tender, served with housemade rye bread and a smooth non-overbearing grape jam.  And the Charcuterie, which changes daily, this night had duck confit, a foie gras mousse,  I believe a battered and fried head cheese, trust the chef, it was fabulous.
I am not a duck fan, (except for the Afflack duck on TV), mostly because of the layer of fat and the usual unimaginative prep way of smothering in some sort of fruit compote, but after reading reviews here, I decided "simple" might be just what I would like to try.  No fruit, the fat was minimal, great start, seared perfectly with the internal temp a medium rare warm, served atop it's own juices, was really nice for me, I liked it.  One end was a little chewier than the other end which was tender and lovely.  The potato pave with apple was amazing and the perfect accompaniment.  That pave was the flavor assist on the dish.  There was a shrimp special my friend ordered with some sort of "pig" (like bacon) wrap, and served with a very good risotto.
A charming dining destination with nearby street parking not hard to find at all, and just a few blocks north and east of Northern Libs, go for it.  I did and I was very pleased.What a lovely dinner!   The sequence of beautifully cooked plates that Ms. D'Ambrosio and Mr. Braley sent out from the open kitchen tonight made for a most enjoyable culinary trip to Kensington.
The star of the housemade charcuterie plate was definitely the venison terrine, deeply flavorful and irresistible.  The sunchoke and lentil ravioli (actually, the dish consists of one large raviolo) laid in plump splendor in the coriandor/meyer lemon broth. A salad with pickled winter vegetables was light and flavorful, and the foie gras on fig bread pudding was seared text-book perfect.
The sweet scallops with sasify and hedgehog mushrooms delighted one of my dinner companions, her neighbor could not say enough good things about the beautifully prepared black bass fillet - the special of the day.  Another well received dish was the seared lamb sirloin, done almost rare as requested.  My favorite main dish was a beautifully done stuffed veal breast with a variety of vegetables - memories of late fall evenings in France.  Please keep that dish on the menu.
We liked the rich crème brûlée, the meyer lemon upside down cake, and the apple galette, all competently executed.  The one minus was the profiterole dessert.  The tasty fillings and even a dunk in the accompanying chocolate sauce could not make the thick pâte à choux taste exciting.  Replace it.
The service was solicitous and efficient, the atmosphere of the restaurant cozy and homey.  Given the fact that the restaurant has only been open for a short time, the kitchen is already performing admirably and will only get better.  As a geographic outlier, The Pickled Heron is doubly required to stand out - it does so with aplomb.I have been to The Pickled Heron several times.   The food is delicious.  This is one place where you can get delicious foie gras.  They also have a nice charcuterie plate and wonderful deserts.  I have had variable service here.  The waitstaff can be hit or miss.  But the owner and the head chef are very gracious and wonderful.  A  great neighborhood BYOB!Despite the unappetizing name, the Pickle Heron was a delicious experience for me.  I waited for that new-restaurant-smell to fade a bit and decided to try it out on a quiet weeknight with a couple friends.  One of my friends is a vegan, the other does not eat pork or red meat.  I of course love meat of most kinds, the more innocent the animal, the more tasty.
As stated in other reviews, the house bread was impressive.  The decor very nice.  The music appropriate for most of the meal, until some 90's crap pop came on for a while.  I think they should consider a more consistent playlist,  though the music was far from a problem as it was set low and unobtrusive.  The restaurant was very very quiet this particular Wednesday evening and our server was perfectly attentive w/o being too intrusive.  
Two of us shared a small plate to start; Sunchoke and lentil ravioli.  It was one large delicious ravioli served beautifully camera-ready for any gourmet photo shoot.  It was just as tasty.
All three of us very much enjoyed our entrees. My vegan friend chose the Grilled Seitan, which he found impressive. My other friend chose the Pan Seared Skate Wing, which I tried and agreed, it's really delicious.  I chose the Pan Seared Lamb Sirloin which was a generous portion and perfectly prepared.  The Pannisse (polenta-and chickpeas pan fried rectangles) were incredible and had me considering just stopping by for this as a snack from the sides menu.    For dessert, my friend and I followed the advice of another friend in the know, and ordered the chocolate mousse.  It was perfect.  The vegan asked if there was any way he could get some fruit for dessert.  The server said he'd check.  It should be noted, our server shared his first-hand knowledge of vegan needs with reference to his experience with his vegan girlfriend.  The result of an attentive server and a talented (and admittedly unbusy) kitchen staff was the impromptu creation of a wonderful vegan dessert.  They presented a cone of nice paper filled with apple slice-fritters and a vegan caramel sauce that we all agreed were wonderful.  Hopefully they'll consider keeping this or repeating this, as I understand vegans are often left with little options.  Honestly, I'd order that myself if the mousse wasnt so damn great.  NOTE: if youre vegan, the server suggested letting them know early on so they can , if possible, figure something out for you ahead.
Me and my non-vegan friend that shared a small plate and a dessert with me, paid about $35 each.  That's pretty decent considering the quality of the food.
I am really glad to have this addition to the city, especially within walking distance.Who orders vegetarian food at a French restaurant? This girl, apparently. Now, I'm not a veggie head, but something called me to the tofu dish (which was amazing).  It came with a side of fregola-sarda (homemade by Daniela!) which positively popped in my mouth- so refreshing and tasty.  I also had the root vegetable salad, I believe they only carry it at certain times of year. I highly recommend it if it's on the menu when you go here. It was my birthday, and my significant other at the time had brought a lovely pinot-noir which had been suggested by the kitchen before hand, as he checked to make sure he got something that went well with most of their menu items. It surely did. He had the lamb, which I got to taste (see? I told you I wasn't a veghead).  It was so moist and tender, absolutely divine. I would also like to add that the waiter, Sean, who is not hard on the eyes, was wonderful, graciously assisting us through this feast! 
While the delightful food and service may whisk your imagination away, to, say, France, the best part is, you're still in Fishtown! So what is a gem of a place like this doing in Fishtown? I don't care to answer that question, I just want to go again.  Soon.In two words : HEARTFELT WARMTH.
In 22 words: even if you don't have the funds to try a full-course meal here, go for dessert. It's incredibly well-priced and tasty as hell.
Now, onto the full review...
On paper, it might seem a bit curious that a french bistro like Pickled Heron would find itself on this particular stretch of Frankford Ave.
On paper, it might be slightly peculiar to some that a fine-dining spot like this is cash-only with a $$ on yelp and no ATM on-site. This isn't Old City - or even Frankford & Girard - for that matter. 
Having said that, I'd like to gently persuade you to put the paper down. In fact, I insist you throw it out. Just walk inside (with some cash) on a warm spring night and bring a date.
The reality is, my entire experience during the first visit was oozing with heartfelt, genuine kindness - and it had everything to do the undeniably gentle nature of the couple running the place.
After being greeted by two lovely members of the staff, the owners (again, such a pleasant couple) came to my table and thanked my friend and I for stopping in.
We started off with the spring garlic soup with crispy duck prosciutto. Followed by the seared foie gras. The small plates are affordable, most at around $9 - $12. Again, go with a date and split one.
Accompanied by the second complimentary basket of housemade bread and butter, we received our plate of housemade charcuterie. It was the definition of the word 'scrumptious' - and this is coming from a guy who rarely uses such highfalutin words.
I prefer 'rad', 'stellar' and 'next-level' in most cases, but those don't do nearly enough justice.
After some great conversation and drinking a Boylan's ginger ale, we received our main course:
Pan seared lamb shoulder, and pan seared sea scallops. 
Before I go any further, let me just say I'm a man who loves pizza. And burritos. And a solid pint of craft beer.
Foie Gras, charcuterie and things that are 'pan-seared' aren't typically a part of my weekly diet. With that said...
THIS MEAL WAS PITCH PERFECT.
I didn't expect to be so pleased and fulfilled by 4 scallops. But I was. They were gigantic, and perfectly flavored and cooked. Thinking about them now, I wish I could eat them for lunch today this very instant.
There was sauces I've never tasted, and accents to the meal I didn't know how to pronounce. And I loved every second of it.
Finally, we ended the night with dessert - easily the most affordable and brightest attraction to anyone wanting to try this place out without dipping too heavily into their weekly food budget.
THE CREME BRULEE: best for miles. And at $6 dollars, a total score. Slightly warmed, perfectly sweet. And huge in relation to most creme brulees I've tried in my life.
More than enough for a group of two.
The cons: there walls could use a bit of attention, and the music wasn't exactly what I imagined when I picture 'french cuisine'. But those are easy fixes. The important part, the food and the people making it, are spot on, and deserve attention.
As of this review, I'm an official cheerleader for the place. I want them to succeed. Spend an evening there with a friend or two (if only for dessert), and you'll find yourself in the same boat.WOW! I was looking for a nice BYOB in Philly and after some Yelpish research I chose the Heron. What a choice that turned out to be. Our party turned up at the appointed hour and were promptly seated. The ambiance is cozy brownstone that is not over-decorated. The kitchen is small and open. We started with charcuterie and Moules Frites, both were perfectly prepared and served in ample portions. The highlight for me was the duck liver pate which was velvety and delicious. On to the entrees. What really shined was the quality of the meat and fish used in the simple but elegant preparations. The venison was like a fine fillet of beef but smoother and perfectly. Crusted with coffee and accompanied by tasty brussel sprouts. The duck was another winner, a large breast perfectly cooked with a sweet/savory jus. The sea bream was delicate fresh, presented on a bed of French lentils. At this point I thought the best part of the meal was over but we had some Sauternes to drink so we ordered four of the desserts and a French press of coffee. All the treats were incredible but I felt the standouts were the brandied cherry cake with pistachio ice cream and the apple frangipane tart. The cherry cake was crispy on the outside and delicate on the inside balanced by the smooth nutty pistachio ice cream was delightful where as the tart was fresh and apple-y with a tender crust filled with semi-sweet almond paste. The duck egg creme brulee was a wonder of richness that was not overburdened with sweetness. The sweet treats we balanced by the strong yet smooth carafe of French press coffee. Total bill around $150 for 4 which seemed quite fair but don't forget that they are cash only. Based on our experience,  I can't recommend the Pickled Heron highly enough. The ambiance, food and waitstaff were all wonderful and I will return on my next visit to Philly. Go there now while you can still get a table.Had a great brunch Sunday morning. Fantastic eggs Benedict with house made mortadella and English muffin. Bring your own vodka, the bloody Mary mix is tasty.Totally worth the trip from center city! The food is incredible plus the staff is wonderful. We had a babysitter and my gf tried to power through to keep our date night even though she wasn't feeling well. After we ordered and I had my incredibly good appetizer- she realized she just couldn't do it. Our waiter got our food packed to go in no time and even included a complimentary dessert. Big time bonus that the entrees were both still wonderful when we got home(I had to try both, of course). We will definitely be going backThe short walk to the Pickled Heron felt like a cold drink of water that Mother Nature shoved in your face, and into that little spot on your neck that scarves are paid to protect; it was a harsh introduction to February that was soothed by a hot bowl of French onion soup at the quiet, relaxing Fishtown French restaurant.  I followed the soup up with a delectable beef bourguignonne, what Wikipedia says Julia Child once called "certainly one of the most delicious beef dishes concocted by man."  The beef dollops were so tender - OMG - and if you don't like that dish, then, well. It's a perfect meal for a wintry night, and with red wine, and some French press coffee to finish the meal, it's all you'll need.
Each time I've been there the service has been attentive without being annoying, and the timing of the meals is always unrushed and pleasant, and that really is key isn't it?  The crowd is typically a little older for a Fishtown crowd, which proves one of B.C. Bluewater's long-held truths: senior citizens love French food. 
Pack a $12 bottle of red into your girlfriend's Golden Girls-inspired oversized purse, and find this warm place on Frankford. 
 - Billy BluewaterI've now had several consistently excellent meals at the Pickled Heron. They've definitely earned their 5 stars. On the menu for the last visit was the duck breast (had to have again) and a duck cassoulet with homemade duck sausage and duck confit. It was fabulous. Finished with a wonderful rice pudding.Amazing addition to the neighborhood - really hope it does well! On our first visit last night, we shared the Pickled Winter Vegetables, Beef Bourguignon and Sweet Potato Gnocchi - Meyer Lemon Upside-Down Cake for dessert. Friendly, attentive service - everything tasted superb. I thought the best gnocchi I ever had was the at Vetri, but Pickled Herron's is out of this world - I could eat those little puffs of heaven for days, and plan to since it's so close. This place might even convince me to try head cheese - we'll see! The style of the place is attractive and the art show they had on display meshed nicely.What a fantastic meal.
Living three blocks away, there was no excuse for not having patronized this fine establishment sooner, so, when the opportunity to meet some friends for dinner presented itself, we jumped on the chance to try Pickled Heron.
What an adorable place. Small, intimate dining room with an open kitchen area, allowing you to see the chefs at work. Pretty sweet date spot!
We had the charcuterie and some super-rad bleu cheese puffs to start. Oh. My. God. The charcuterie was unique,  surprising,  fresh, and delicious. While I'm normally not a pate person, it was hard not to fall in love with theirs. And the bleu cheese puffs? Heavenly, coupled perfectly with figs. I had the shrimp and he had the black bass for an entree, and, the portion sizes were perfect,  the food was fresh and thoughtfully seasoned. 
We finished with some french press coffee, and, were simply delighted with our meals. 
With their ever-changing, locally sourced menu, creative food pairings, and reasonable pricing, this place is at the top of my list to visit again.I cannot possibly say enough good things about the Pickled Heron to fully do it justice. We have had dinner here twice and, each time, the meal was the highlight of our week. The restaurant has been very busy each time we were there, but I imagine it would be slightly easier to get in for a later dinner (after 9pm or so). On our last visit, we were lucky enough to try the head cheese as part of that night's charcuterie plate (along with fois gras & duck confit) which was crispy and delicious. We also ordered a few small plates. I had previously tried the onion soup gratinee and would gladly have ordered it again, but another member of my party beat me to it. Luckily, I got to try the moule frites instead, which were some of the best I've ever eaten. For my entree, I ordered the scallops which cut like butter, yet had an amazing sear. The rest of my party had the Lamb Sirloin and the Black Bass (that nights special), both of which were fantastic. After sharing some deserts (yum!) and finishing off our wine (love the BYOB) we left, discussing how good our meals were and how soon we can make it back to the Pickled Heron.Went here for Valentine's day and thought the food was very good. I especially love the Halibut with fried rice cake, the cherry cake dessert, and the lobster bisque but too bad it won't be on the regular menu. The place has a nice ambience, the waiters were good, and it was very clean. Overall if I were to rate the restaurant itself, I would give it a 4 stars.
Here are the reasons for the 3 stars:
1. I made my reservation for Valentine's day about 2 weeks in advanced and they told me the earliest time they had available was 9:30pm. So when I got there at 9:30pm, the restaurant was about 60% empty!  Telling me that I could have gotten there around 8pm and they would have had a table. 
2. The location. This place is not in the best neighborhood and this is not a safe place to walk around alone at night.
Overall, very good food but I hated how they made me eat late when I could have gotten an earlier reservation and the location.I see the potential, but for now this place is so so.  The ambience is off. I'm not sure if they are showcasing a new artist each month, but the photographs on the wall were hideous...  They looked like something I'd see at Sears. 
While dining at a French bistro I was hoping to hear some French pop, maybe some Serg or Air, but instead, we were exposed to Paul Simon's "like a rock" and The Who's "pinball wizard".  
As for the food, the housemade bread was impressive, but we were only given 1 slice each.  The highlight for me was the small plate, lentil stuffed ravioli..  It was creative and well balanced..A great starter!
For our entrees , I ordered the lamb, and my Husband ordered the grilled seitan- both forgettable.  The desserts, blah, I've had better desserts at Johnny Brendas...
This place is way new, and will probably work out all the kinks in the coming months.  The waitstaff is inexperienced, but nice.  I think with a few tweaks, this place could be great!Visited: 02/21/2016
Parking: street parking, Philly style :)
During my visit to Philadelphia, a friend recommended that we all come here to eat because others had given this place rave reviews. Therefore, we all came, a group of 6 with a reservation. 
The menu isn't large but I could tell it was quality over quantity. It was a relaxed, quiet ambiance that was great to hold our dinner party. 
Our table ordered: Lobster Cavatelli, Duck Breast, Grilled Steak Bavette, Pork Loin and Moules Frites. 
We enjoyed everything and it all came out in a timely manner. If you are interested in a place that is quiet and friendly, this is certainly the place! It's just such an intimate setting that allows you to really talk and eat comfortably. Overall, I'd recommend this place!Fabulous Food, staff,a GREAT Gem hidden in Philadelphia!
Scallops, foie Gras,lamb caringly prepared . Great BYOB!!
As good as a restaurant gets in Philadelphia!!!
Cannot wait to return!!!FANTASTIC!!!It's nice to see the neighborhood changing for the better.  The chefs at the Pickled Heron are really trying to do something different, doing something well, in Fishtown/East Kensington, and they're succeeding.  
I was dining with my friend Emily, and we started with the mussels.  They came in a good white wine sauce, and were a nice way to start the meal.  For our entrees I immediately chose the duck.  While not as flavorful as other duck dishes I've had, the whole dish was well composed, especially the grilled sausage on the side.  Emily stuck with the bream and enjoyed the fish topped with fennel, mussels, and squid.  The food is solid.
Sure there are a few things to complain about.  The menu is small, six starters and six entrees.  It doesn't cater to vegetarians (that's French food for you).  The service is leisurely but not slow.  It's cash only.  But overall, there isn't really anything that takes away from the dining experience.  The biggest problem is that the dining room is overcrowded with chairs.  This would be less of a problem if the place was packed.  But I visited on a saturday night and the place was jammed full of tables, only half of which were occupied.  
I like that this spot is BYO, and the servers are really attentive with the wine.  Everyone's white wines chill in a communal ice bath.  The portions are good, and the menu is reasonably priced for the food, if not a tad high for the 'hood.  And while the menu doesn't offer a whole lot of variety, I do respect places that focus on doing things well, even if there are only six of those things.
Bottom Line: Decent BYO with French inspiration.  Certainly worth checking out.I waited a bit too long between dining and reviewing to remember specifically what I ordered, but what I do remember is that everything was delicious (especially the foie gras) and that the service was exemplary. Seriously, it was the best service I've experienced in Philly.From the very beginning, it was clear that Pickled Heron was the best restaurant in Fishtown. Now after a few years of consistently delivering incredible food and impeccable service, PH has developed a reputation for  being one of the finest restaurants in the entire city.
Chefs Todd and Daniela have created such a welcoming place on Frankford Ave. The dinner menus are always great. But if you get the chance, try to get a reservation for one of their special dinner series. 
It's also a great place for private parties. We had our wedding rehearsal dinner there with about 40 guests and had a blast. It was fun to plan with Todd and Daniela - we were confident the entire time that they would do an incredible job. They surpassed expectation.This place embodies my favorite things about Philadelphia dining. A home-y ambiance, BYOB, delicious and creative dishes: these are the reasons Philly stands apart from other foodie cities.  
After spending a Saturday hanging in NoLibs, it was such a treat to end at the Pickled Heron. We split a simple salad, which the waiter brought out on two plates for us. I got the crispy duck with spaeztle, and my date got the steak with an apple fritter and celery root purée. I like to be impressed when I eat out by creative dishes and this did exactly that. The spaetzle had grainy mustard and was a great match to the perfectly cooked duck. The apple fritter was light and unlike anything I had ever tried. The best was the apple tart with almond mousse - the best French dessert I've had outside of France. Highly recommend!May be I am jaded, but this place is not as good as I anticipated. Went last sat night and make the long trek up to Fish Town. The restaurant was nicely done. Would be nicer if they have a few out door sittings to complete that Parisian feel. 
One good thing about the whole experience was that I got a glimpse of Fish Town. It was way more developed than when I first moved here couple of years back. (Yea, once you are used to your own neighborhood, it is hard to get out.) Across the street is the Pizza Museum, the place was hoping. People were spilling out onto the side walk for half of the block. 
Anyway back to the food, this is a food blog after all. Food was not that impressive. Of the dishes I had tasted, only the mussel and the blue berry ice cream stand out. The zucchini flower and the lamb sirloin were just okay. Reminds me more of new american than french.Well-executed classic preparations with interesting twists in each dish. Service was friendly and appropriately attentive. I really enjoyed the feel of the dining room, would have felt comfortable dressed up or down. Prices were extremely fair given the high quality of the food and the fact they can't make their margins on marked up alcohol. 
This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood for those times you want something a bit special.Disclaimer: this was a Sunday evening experience: (Notorious for B-squad wait staff)
I went here with my Mom for a belated Mother's Day dinner with a gift certificate from a friend, my wife doesn't really do fancy food. I love the gourmet stuff, but rarely get the opportunity, so I took my mom to cash in the $80 gift certificate. We had:
Arugula salad
Duck with polenta
Pasta Alfresco
a half-press coffee
flourless chocolate cake with rhubarb 
Basil shortcake with Strawberry ice cream
The waitress was courteous enough, she wasn't exactly rude, but she wasn't exactly warm either. I think maybe I must have been under dressed and I did not hide the fact that I was using a gift certificate. We didn't bring any wine because my mom doesn't really drink and she was recovering from foot surgery and wouldn't be driving my drunk behind home, so we just had water. The ambiance was nice, and the salad was rockin! I ordered the duck because when else am I going to eat duck? It was decent. I probably won't order duck again, but it was well prepared and very tasty. I cleaned my plate. HOWEVER, the cabbage that came with it was totally burnt, not in a tasty way. Ever other bite or so I'd get a mouth full of charcoal flavor, it was a little less than I was expecting for such a highly rated establishment. Still, polenta duck and salad were awesome, as was mom's pasta dish. Dessert was OK. The rhubarb and creme stuff that was with the flourless chocolate cake would have been awesome with anything other than the chocolate cake--which was good on its own--just the pairing was a little off. Didn't jive with me anyway. The basil shortcake with strawberry ice cream was perfection.
I'm rooting for this place especially for its location, I think it's gonna be a great establishment for the neighborhood, and I hope they pwn the Iron Chef competition I hear they're scheduled for, but if I was going to drop that kind of change on a fancy-schmancy meal, I expect it to be flawless. Thankfully, I used the gift cert, and the difference was about $5. (Total $85) I tipped the waitress $20 for her so-so service because I worked as a waiter for about 5 years, and everybody has a bad day sometimes. So, for $25 I think I got what I paid for. Still, unless they're offering a deep discount for early Sunday evening, they need to up their game on the service side. Then again, maybe I just don't belong in fancy restaurants.Went into the night really looking forward to the dinner as my bride and I have heard great things about this recently opened restaurant.  We found the PH to be warm and inviting with a touch of rustic flair.  Service was efficient and engaging to my level of preference.  We appreciated the table side visit from the cute chef ( the girl ! ).  The food was outstanding - had to mentally ask myself how inappropriate it would be been to lick the plate - it was that good.  Glad we got in early as this one looks to be a winner. Will certainly be back.Pickled Heron is a charming little place that is a bit off the beaten path.  Every meal I have ever had there has been fantastic with the exception of the time I tried their Valentine's Day prefixed.  Even then the food wasn't bad they were just massive understaffed.  Otherwise it's a super charming place that really has it together.  There servers are knowledgable and friendly and their food is some of my favorite in the city.  There prices are also very reasonable for what you are getting.  If you go in hungry I recommend getting a small plate as a starter and a large plate as your main. It's based very firmly in French cuisine so it's also maybe not a great choice for vegans or vegetarians.  For everyone else I highly recommend it.I picked this place based off of the top Philly restaurants that serve seared "Foie Gras". We came here for my birthday and brought some wine. The appetizers, dinner and dessert were cooked perfectly. We will definitely becoming back. One of my favorite Foie Gras dishes by far!!!!The Pickled Heron is a thoroughly lovely BYOB in the Fishtown section of the city. It's the sort of place that you just want to love as soon as you see it: small, unassuming, unpretentiously romantic. No overwrought decor here: just earnest work toward providing a superior restaurant experience. 
We strolled in on a Friday night without reservations, which we came to learn is seldom a good idea. Luckily for us, they had one more table available, and we got it--every now and again, we come up high on Fortuna's wheel. We were promptly seated, and our waiter came over and opened our wine for us. As we sipped a nice pinot and looked over the menu, I knew we had come to the right place for dinner. 
We split a nice baby greens salad and from there went to entrees, tilefish for me and the steak bavette for my wife. I loved the tilefish. It was perfectly cooked: moist and with some chew. My wife's steak was cooked to the medium rare she specified, and she enjoyed it. The food was delivered with quick, friendly, and efficient service. 
Because the Pickled Heron is BYOB, you can have a top-tier meal here for a very reasonable price. We had what felt like a $100 meal/experience for about $60--not bad at all. 
We will def be back.Beautiful gem of a restaurant, tastefuly decorated. Excellent service and the enrees were truly wonderful. In fact, at least as good as Bibou. I wasn't so crazy about dessert; it tasted like it came out of a box even if it didn't. I can't wait to try the brunch.One star goes to the very poor service, we ordered our food immediately after sitting down, but an hour and half later, our main entree still has not arrived.
When the food finally arrived (one hour 45 mins later) it's definite more rare than medium-rare. Moreover, we were not given the proper cutting knife like other tables which made it even harder to cut though the already rare meat.
Additionally, our waitress completely ignored us throughout the meal time. For example, we had to chase after another waiter to get our water refilled). The two 6-people tables that arrived after us received food within 30 minutes of sitting down, which was way before we got any of our main food. The food is good and the service is one of the worst I have ever received.I came here for a Mother's Day meal. The decor was simple, but refined. The staff was courteous and professional. We had the charcuterie plate to start. My favorite was the duck  prosciutto; the pâté and sausage were a little bit knuckly. The main dish my mother had, seared sea-scallops w/ lentils, was excellent. I ordered the grilled seitan with mushroom gravy, forbidden rice, and fiddlehead ferns as a departure from the usual. The fern was whimsical and delicious, while the rice had a nice, rounded flavor. The grilled seitan, unfortunately, was bland and lifeless. I informed the server of such and asked for another sauce to spruce up what the first sauce hadn't. I was given the au jus, which didn't do the service I hope it would. The server didn't ask again if the meal had improved, which was disappointing. The cheesecake and creme brulle were very good. I wouldn't feel right giving 4 stars to this restaurant.We came to Philadelphia for an art weekend and luckily had The Pickled Heron recommended to us for dinner.
The atmosphere is warm, inviting, elegant and relaxed.  The walls were adorned with the work of a talented local artist whose works added whimsey to the elegant surroundings.  
The young chefs assemble locally-sourced ingredients into an appealing variety of offerings.  We started with foie gras and house-made charcuterie (duck rillettes, goose liver pate, sopressata, duck prosciutto, fragrant cornichons - served with homemade bread and butter).  All were amazing.... the foie gras and the duck prosciutto maybe extra amazing.
For the main course beefy beef cheeks, lamb sirloin, seared scallops and crispy-skinned pompano were perfectly prepared and accompanied by ingenious sides (forbidden rice!   celery root hash!  mushroom ragout!) that enhanced the main and added to the depth of flavor and to the delight in the eating.
Desserts...perfect, light, creme brûlée,  ice creams (honey and coffee...yum), peanut butter hot chocolate with homemade marshmallow (aahhh), chocolate terrine and a tender apple tart lined with marzipan.
Our waiter was excellent and fun - he kept us informed and correctly wined (BYO).  When my art-historian dining companion told him how much he resembled Auguste Rodin he acceded saying "I get that a lot".
We were not alone in enjoying our meal...that night when the chef-owners (Todd and Daniela) took a break from the kitchen and came into the dining room every patron at every table rose to applaud them!  
For me the only negative about The Pickled Heron is that it is it is a two hour drive away!I came here with a party of 7 on New Year's Eve. We were disappointed to learn upon arrival that there was a prix fixe menu. No mention of a prix fixe menu was made on the website or by the hostess who confirmed our reservation. Our whole party was excited to try some of the regular menu items, none of which was featured on the prix fixe menu. That in itself was disappointing. 
The food and service were mediocre. We were the only table who was not offered coffee/tea with dessert and the wait staff did not come back to our table to check on us in between courses. The one highlight of the dinner was the dessert. The chocolate bomb and blood orange cakes were phenomenal. The appetizer, 2nd course, and main courses were okay but nothing special. For $60 per person, I would have expected more of a quality dinner. I know it was a holiday, but overall our entire party was underwhelmed with the experience. I wonder if the regular menu would be better, but I wouldn't want to spend any more money at this place to find out.go go go you will not be disappointed. food is awesome, we were greeted as if we were old friends even though it was our first time. our server was knowledgeable , friendly and attentive without being smothering She was clearly proud of the restaurant the food they are making.  Local art from local artist decorate the lovely space with open kitchen. 
the menu was wonderful with some very unique specialties.It was so hard to decide what to order from the menu. we wanted to try everything.
we finally decided on the corn ravioli and froi gras for apps and lasagna and quail for dinner.But i think we could have ordered anything and been very happy. we were off to a local modern dance performance so we had to skip dessert but we will be back . 
we had a lovely evening, this is a very special restaurant in the heart of fishtown. worth the trip !!!!Nice little BYOB. I tried their mussels and beef stew. The mussels were very good and a generous serving, the beef stew was a little too salty. Our waitress seemed a little new, and while the service was fine it was not outstanding. Overall I felt like everything was a bit overpriced for the quality and service level, but I was not disappointed at the end of my meal.
I had their creme brulee for dessert, most of it was good but parts of the top were  more black than browned and tasty burnt.Nice little place for dinner. I heard of this place from a friend and I am glad we went and checked it out.
We went on a Friday night armed with a bottle of wine. 
We started with mussels and frites and a micro green salad both were very nice. The greens were fresh, perfectly dressed with some crunchy beets and goat cheese. The mussels were delicious in a white sauce with Belgian style fries. 
We ate too much of the appetizers and had a hard time finishing the entrees which was very good as well. I ordered the beef bourguignon which tasted exactly like it should taste, melt in your mouth with a hint of sweetness in the sauce, it was lovely and very rich so it was a little hard for me to finish. We also ordered the lamb tenderloin this was very skillfully made cooked to medium rare with a side of cheek pea and potato which had a great Mediterranean flavor. 
Great menu for winter, I wonder what it will look like as the weather warms up!
The service was very good, wasn't too noisy which I like, parking was easy, hope they do well!
We would definitely make the trip again.I sometimes make the mistake of having way to high expectations of a restaurant. 
Pickled Herron unfortunately falls into this category. 
My gal pals and I were eager for our meal here we love Byobs and French fare so to say we were highly anticipating this meal would be right. 
Service was flawless , I can't recall her name but she was super sweet and did a great job of checking in and keeping water glasses full.
My reasons for 3 stars instead of four:
-Menu online clearly different then the hand printed one placed before us. I always check a restaurants website to make sure there will be some options for me in the event something isn't available. I'm sad to say the scallops i had been salivating over were no longer an option
- what French restaurant doesn't have a cheese board or at least a cheese feature ? I was very perplexed and slightly offended by this. I'm not sure you can call yourself a French establishment without any fromage.
- the charcuterie board is actually house made but mostly or terrines and pates ...no thank you 
I went with the arugula and peach salad along with the mussels and frites.
The peach salad left me feeling a little puzzled. The peaches weren't ripe enough in my opinion so the sweetness that should have been there was lacking. The salad was dressed lightly and featured a few nuts. It was ok but is something I could have made at home.
The mussels were divine and I was very happy with my choice. The frites were perfect and I consider myself a French fry connoisseur.
These two items were the perfect portion for me. 
My dining companions seemed to enjoy their steaks and as stated before service was on point .
I'm not sold into coming back wish the outcome was different.This place is a must skip place.  Its BYOB thank gosh bc that was my favorite part... not the food nor the service. An unimpressive menu with a pea soup that was not good at all and everything else was duck but very unseasoned and not tasty at all.  The service was average too.  If they want to succeed they should revisit their menu and see how it benchmarks with other BYOBs in Philadelphia and whether their menu is REALLY telling the story they want it to.Went on a Saturday night. Decent crowd but not too loud for quiet conversation. Service was friendly and prompt without being obsequious.
They're very good at the savory stuff. We had the crab cake and foie gras appetizers, and both were excellent. Entrees were seared duck breast and seared scallops. The duck breast had just the right amount of seasoning and crisp on the skin to provide contrast to the milder, more tender parts without overwhelming them. The scallops were well-seared but still had a silky texture. Probably my favorite item of the night.
Dessert fell short of dinner. The chocolate ice cream served with peanuts and caramel didn't really stand out - the chocolate flavor wasn't as rich as I had hoped and the dish was heavy on caramel. The creme brulee crust had started to pick up a little bit of humidity and had gotten slightly tacky, just enough to stick to the teeth during that all-important crunch. Next time we go we're probably going to skip ordering dessert, walk a block, and get ice cream from Little Baby's.
Coffee was very good.Hands down the best fine dining experience I have had in the city if Philadelphia. Whether dinner or brunch the food is phenomenal and the prices won't break the bank. Make sure you try and make it to their Sunday brunch and the dinner as they are both great. I had a duck breast eggs bennie. It was like nothing I've had before and all their house cured meats...I can't even begin to describe how delicious they are...but I wish I could eat them everyday.My boyfriend and I went here on a whim after walking past it the day before. I think they had been opened for about a month or 2 at the time of our visit.  I wish I would have done more research before going in. 
I knew it was a BYOB but we forgot to bring any wine... I feel like small BYOBs should still have a better selection of beverages to serve the customers. How hard is it to make some iced tea and not have a $4 soda? 
I ordered the Crispy Duck Breast which tasted fine but there was nothing "crispy" about it.  
My boyfriend had ordered some sort of fish dish. I want to say it was sea bass. The fish came in a shallow bowl with a wild rice. I have to say his portion size was horrible compared to my dish which took up the all the room on my plate. 
We will never return to eat here. 
The food is overpriced. I think they opened it in the wrong neighborhood. So if you like overpriced pretentious food this place is for you and not for me.I visited The Pickled Heron with my sister when she was in town during Thanksgiving weekend. I was in the area for another function so we decided to eat dinner. I had heard rave reviews from locals in the area, but was none-the-less disappointed. 
Food: 
App: Mussels with fries - delicious and definitely a good app to share. The portion for this appetizer seemed ridiculous when we got our mains. It's very filling and could be a meal on its own. 
Me: Quail with mushroom (and foie gras?) risotto - The risotto was rich and nice but didn't make up for the dry and flavorless quail, which was rather messy and difficult to eat. 
Her: Grilled steak with some greens and what I believe was a yam pave drenched in truffle oil. Compared to the mussel app, this dish was absurdly proportioned. There were four bite size pieces of delicious steak done perfectly next to a gigantic slab of yam pave. My sister polished off the steak and greens, but barely touched the pave which filled up half the plate. I like truffle oil as much as the next person, but this was overwhelming. 
One thing to note is that unless you can find a very recent menu before visiting, it is likely that the menu in the restaurant will be different. They change the offerings frequently, and none of the dishes I had been hoping to try were actually on the menu.
Service: 
Our waiter started out great at 6:30pm, we were one of two tables eating. Nice and observant, maybe a little too much. By 7:15, a few more tables had come in with larger groups and he couldn't handle the rush. We had finished our meal and were staring around us, it was too loud to have a decent conversation without shouting, but the waiter wouldn't stop by for another 15min to bring us the dessert menu. It took him another 15min to come around before we could tell him we didn't want dessert, and just wanted to leave. 
Final notes: The food is hit or miss and so is the service. For the prices they're charging in the neighborhood they're in, I expected more, and also maybe the ability to take plastic. I would give it 2.5 stars if I could.It was... well... it was extremely all right. Tragically so. All the makings of something that could have been great, but it was just... fine. 
Outside of the fact that the menu lacked a fancy French cheese plate option (a tragedy in and of itself), I don't have many complaints. The service was wonderful. Love me a good BYO. My scallops were plated and cooked beautifully. The atmosphere was charming, but...
I don't know. It just lacked chutzpah to me. The menu was absent of the inventiveness and creativity that I've come to enjoy in the Philly dining scene. Nothing jumped out at me. Nothing inspired me. Nothing left me begging for more.
Overall... Solid. Solid, but forgettable.I absolutely adore this place. It's a small, romantic, simple restaurant with some dishes that you can't find in most restaurants around this area. This is my go to intimate date spot. It is BYO and parking is no problem here. The wait staffs are very nice. There should be more restaurants like this in town. I only wish they would expand their menu.
Also, I was here for valentines day. LOVE IT! They had an awesome special (meals, desserts, etc.) and everything was set up so nicely. I've been returning again and again. For the meal and to feel the romance.We had the best experience for my birthday at the Pickled Heron! The cozy interior presented a great chance to catch up with old friends without the noise of large restaurant.  We started with the Charcuterie, which was incredible and had the chance to experience the delectable squash soup on its premiere night.  I would recommend anyone going in the near future to definitely try the squash soup! Between the 5 of my fellow diners and I, we had every large plate, and each was full of great flavors and unique to anything I have ever tried.  We also had the chance to chat with one of the two chefs who created such a masterful meal for us.  She revealed how a large portion of the ingredients put into each dish were local, which I LOVE.  All around it was a wonderful night made better by a wonderful dinner.Since Bibou became a $100 fixed menu...i think i've found a perfect new a la carte byob! The food was fantastic and the meat was so good. Enjoyed the venison denver leg and the duck breast both of which were perfect. Dessert the waitress suggested the duck egg creme brulee which was very nice. There's a cute love seat in the back that would be nice to enjoy dinner (albeit side by side) when we return. It actually takes credit card--not cash only!
Share charcuterie and dessert plus two mains came out to be $95 for two. Not too bad.Those guys have hit the bistro nail on the head. The charcuterie plate was duck 3 ways, the mussels and frites were truly exceptional (I started slurping the broth with a spoon after the mussels were long gone) and the lamb stew was fantastic, but a bit heavy for the weather. Probably should be taken off the menu until fall. This is the new monthly spot (sorry Barbuzzo, I still love ya). Daniella and her partner have hit it out of the park. Run, don't walk, before the rest of Philly figures out that this is the second coming of Django.I am proud to have such a fine French bistro-type restaurant in my very own Fishtown.  Pickled Heron broke the barrier here of only bar food and pizza.  It is a wonderful, cozy BYOB that delivers fine dining at a very high level.  We were attended to by Sean (Shaun?), who made sure that every detail was taken care of in a very timely manner.  The menu is varied enough to suit every palate.  I started with the Foie Gras, which had a delicious smoky flavor and was quite enjoyable.  The grilled octopus appetizer was cooked to perfection, not chewy at all.  Our entree selections of veal breast and duck breast were surprisingly large portions, which I never expected (but was happy with) from a french restaurant.   I can't wait to go backI went here with a party of six for a friend's going away party. The food was wonderful and the service attentive without being annoying. Todd and Daniella have done a great job bringing an exceptional restaurant to the Frankford Arts corridor. I also look forward to returning for brunch.Wow is all I have to say. This place blew my mind with its great care and attention to detail. It is the definition of classy without pretension. My date and I wanted to try as much on the menu as possible, and we did!
The staff was friendly, attentive, and not overbearing. We forgot our wine, and they very quietly poured us a couple glasses from their own stock. The bread and homemade butter to start wet my bill. Then came the mussels... oh my the mussels! I honestly have never had them prepared better. They melted in my mouth, just enough sauce, and the flavor was incredible.
We had plate after plate of fantastic dishes. The highlight for me was the lamb. It was prepared just rare enough. The last time I tasted lamb so fresh, was when I ate a freshly slaughtered one. No lie... For me, a good peice of lamb is better than any cow steak.
We finished with dessert that was just enough to fill my giant belly. The right amount of sweetness combined with bitter rich dark chocolate.
This meal was filled with multiple foodgasms.I've traveled extensively throughout France (that sounds super pretentious, sorry), and really this is not the best French food. I tried the duck dish--which had duck in several different forms. There was a duck sausage (which was alright), and a fried duck steak (that was kinda bland) along with a bean salad (which was raw. Cool idea, but not the best tasting). 
My mom got a eggplant and lamb dish, and the lamb meat was rather tough and came with croquettes that didn't have much of a taste either. 
The creme brulee we had for dessert was actually pretty good. 
Overall, I won't be back to The Pickled Heron. It's cute, but the food doesn't really warrant a return.The food was passable, but the service was terrible. There was a group of seven of us and we could barely get the waiter over. It took a solid half hour just to get waters and order. Definitely wouldn't come back which is disappointing.Fun, quiet place. I liked my meal. My girl wasn't a fan of hers (we actually got the same thing) so they took it off the bill, which was really professional of them. We devoured the dessert. We both agreed we'd go back again and try another menu option because it was such a great environment and they were so nice.This is a nice French BYOB  located in Fishtown, where it seems there are not many nice restaurants.   The decor is very pleasing, the dining room has an airy high ceiling and orange painted walls decorated with local art (for sale).  
The food was well prepared and beautifully presented, though nothing stood out as amazing.  I had the pea/mint ravioli appetizer which was interesting but the mint flavor was too intense for me and I could not taste the peas.  The striped bass entree was delicious with a unique accompaniment of crispy fried lentils and pickled ramps. The chef showed creativity with this dish.  We did not stay for dessert so I can't comment on that.
The service was competent but a little slow. This would be fine if you were planning to linger over dinner but frustrating if you have somewhere to go after dinner.
Moderate prices, cash only, BYOB make this an affordable option for a nice evening in Fishtown. Though I probably won't be rushing back here, it would be a nice choice if you live in the neighborhood or happen to be visiting nearby.