This was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever dealt with. From beginning to end the service could not have been any worse. When we walked into the door the hostess did not seem to want to be bothered with any of the customers. I had asked for a table to seat 13 people and was told the wait would be about an hour. After about 35 minutes of waiting, my party and I noticed that the hostess had walked out of the restaurant. A customer had asked us if we were waiting to be seated and we replied "yes," he then informed us that the restaurant had been struggling that night and that he waited over 30 minutes for a to go order. We were then seated after about an hour and a half wait, but when we arrived at our table there were only 11 seats and even those were crammed together. We asked management if we could have another table added to the two that were already pushed together and the staff made it seem as though it was too difficult of a task to be done, so we began to move the tables ourselves until finally one of the employees saw and politely moved them for us. The hostess we had, who never mentioned her name throughout the entire meal, had the worst customer service I have ever seen. She asked if we would like drinks but only took drink orders for 5 of the guests. When asked about one of the drinks on the menu, the waitress seemed clueless. After we finished our appetizers, our meals began to come out, but our waitress did not take any of our finished dishes from the table in order to make room. After our meals, our waitress did not even ask if we would like to have any left overs wrapped to go or if we would like dessert, even after two guests ordered cheesecake. Throughout the entire dinner, my party, as well as myself, did not have a good time and we all agreed that we will not be attending this location ever again.Worst place long wait for a meal, then came uncooked wet chicken. Turned it back waited an other 30 min for the check. Disappointed ! And it was at 3:30 pm not even rush hour yeti love cheesecake factory--food's not gourmet but the ambiance is fun so it makes up for it. i've been to at least 10 different locations in various states and this one is by far the worst of them all. nothing ruins an experience more than poor service. horrible service. 
we were seated pretty quickly on a Saturday afternoon, but no one came to our table for the next 10-15 minutes--not even to give us water. when they came to take our drink order, it took another 10-15 minutes for them to bring it to us--the place wasn't packed and there were servers all over the place and ours was nowhere to be found. a different server came over to bring a beer and then our actual server finally came with my iced tea and 1 water even though there were 2 of us. we were sure to order the app and entree at the same time since it was apparent it would take awhile. the appetizer came at a normal speed--after taking 2 bites,  a completely different server came with the entree--great timing and communication. as were finishing up the meal--i'm still taking bites from the plate,the server came back and asked if we were done...ok, i guess so. we then ordered a cheesecake to-go--she came back with the check and 15 minutes later the cheesecake came from yet another server. how many people does it take to serve 2 people? And how long? I know it just opened, but it was really disappointing to say the least.So this was my second experience with The Cheesecake Factory in Philadelphia and honestly might be my last. My first time going was wonderful. Food and service was great and well worth the price, but this time was nothing compared to my first visit. My waiter was so rude. I tried to give him a break because he seemed tired and it was 9pm but the times after that was a no go. 
Examples : made me feel rushed to order, very passive aggressive, took my appetizer away even though I wasn't done with it, asked if the tip was "all of it". 
And it honestly just wasn't the waiter/service, the food has noticeably gone down in size since my first visit. The food was very bland. Just the worst dinner ever.Will not eat at this location again. Started with them telling us an hour wait. So we put in our name and came back 55mins later. At that point they said we were one of the next tables. Well 30 mins later we will were not called. We went up to complain and were told they were cleaning our table. 15 mins later we finally got seated. Total wait time was 1 HR 40 mins which is pretty ridiculous considering that when we got seated there were 4 large clean empty tables around us. 
The server was prompt and polite. I had no problems with him. We put our order in immediately with our drink orders. We got our bread and it was not warm and was very hard on the outside. When the runners brought out our entrees they only brought 2 of the 5 out. 5 mins later (yes I actually monitored the time) the other 3 entrees came out. 2 of the entrees were wrong. My husband ordered spaghetti and received a sandwich and I ordered a burger and received a piece of meat on hard bread, nothing else was on the burger. I told the waiter and he apologized. I told the waiter to take back my incorrect food and that I did not want my food replaced so just take it off the bill which he did. They brought my husbands correct entree, but at that point everyone else at the table was already done. 
By the end we were annoyed and just ordered the strawberry shortcake to share. The ice cream was good but the biscuit was very hard and inedible. 
Definitely will not be returning!!My third visit and you can sense the slow decline in what was pretty good service and quite good food (for the $) after only just under a month open.  
Now the "downstairs" hostess is busy, busy on her cell phone and the "upstairs" desk staff is busy, busy looking bored, disinterested and talking among themselves.  The server staff is trying but management is, at best, focused on...who knows what...not the customers for sure.
Seated at the tiniest, most crowded table in a half empty restaurant--I guess this was convenient for...the staff. When I asked for new table the manager was nearly dumbfounded and reluctantly reseated us after asking if we had ordered anything--I guess if we had ordered we would be punished by not being allowed to switch tables. (Actually our server finally took initiative and moved us since the manager was busy...talking with the hostesses.)  Food arrived at a reasonable pace and was C+---beef in Hibachi Beef was dryish but other items good. Tried to buy a piece of cheesecake (at almost $10 a pop) and couldn't get anybody to sell it to me. 1 counterperson--3 customers---all on a very slow night overall---while 2 hostesses and 2 mangers stood right next to cheesecake case chatting with each other.
They hustled for the first few weeks--now they're just taking orders for pretty good food with diminishing service. Bottom line--almost faithful (local Center City eat-out-all-the-time nearby residents) are now twice a year customers...maybe...locals who wouldn't send visiting friends and relatives here for sure...
As other reviewers have said...it could've been a hit but it's really just hit...and miss at CCF!Some of the worst food I've ever tasted. The waitstaff is great but their poor excuse for maple syrup is awful and runny and the breakfast food is just sad.Take-out only review.
One of my friends was in from out of town and was craving cheesecake. We walked a couple blocks over, took the elevator upstairs and were greeted by a hangry mob.
Well, basically. It was midday on a Saturday and this place was bursting at the seams with people waiting for tables. Originally we planned to eat-in until we heard about the crazy wait time. No thanks.
Fortunately, they do have a to-go counter. While the process of ordering was a bit unorganized and the staff unfriendly, we were able to snag our cheesecake slices and leave within about 10 minutes.
I ordered the chocolate chip cookie dough, and it was pretty darn good. I don't want to consider the calorie count on that thing...but if you're in the mood for an extra sweet snack, you could very well visit this accessible spot.
Of course, there's also the option of stopping in one of the local haunts, where you're likely to find stellar fare at better prices. But that's just the anti-chain snob in me speaking!It's gorgeous. A+ on the renovations of the building. Which also lends to big pluses on atmosphere. They are accommodating of all group sizes also another positive. They food there I have had has been solid and they are pretty accommodating with patrons amending their order. The service is average not terrible but nothing to note. My only hiccup is that everything on their menu gigantic and very high calorie. Even the "skinilicious" menu I question. Tough place for someone trying to eat healthy and not for anyone not looking for lots of food. That's just a personal preference though take from it what you will.The service is awful at times and other times its superb. Not sure why this is so, but I have been there quite a few times. The food isn't out of this world. They do so many different cuisines because their menu is vast, but there isn't a single dish I am crazy for. However, they have amazing appetizers. Love their stuffed mushrooms, flatbreads, lettuce wraps, etc. It is for their appetizers they get a 4 instead of a 3.Beautiful setting, but absolutely terrible service even after asking for a manager to bring it to his attention. Food was cold, mimosas were warm & full of OJ, not coming back to this location. Sat around dirty plates for 4ever waiting on check. Not even a busy dayFirst star is for the decoration. This location is for young people who cannot drive to other locations. Second star is for the service. Nice and friendly. Third star is for cheese cake. Should try the mango key lime one. Beautiful cake comes with multiple layer of flavors, tastes, and textures.
Minus 2 stars because the grilled food was horrible. I ordered KOBE Style burger with Medium cook. They handed me a burned well done and dried meat. I called the server to request a new one. My friends already finished their meals and I had to wait for my burger in 20 mins. Second time was less burn but still complete well done and dried. They use gas grill and you can smell the gas on every bite. I wanted throw up after a first bite. The sever was so nice so I just let it go and pack it home. Of course, I will throw it away. Cannot eat it. My friend's pork chop dish was $23 and it was burned as well. The burn layer was like 1/8 inches. She had to cut it out and eat it without requesting to change her dish.
In general, it was overpriced for the quality of food. It looks nice but not recommended for a date because people bring their kids and it may get lousy sometime.Had Sunday night dinner this summer with my cousins from Ireland, party of 7. Service was great.  our meals and desserts were excellent.  Our server made sure all 7 meals arrived at the same time and recommended some great items. The Cheesecake factory was a highlight of my cousins' trip to NYC and Philadelphia.  Looking forward to my next meal there.The food was the best! 
Fort time trying their food because it was always so far. I'm glad they opened one in the city and it would be great for them to be in restaurant week in the future ! !My hubby and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner on Saturday night prior to a show, which was a short walk away, at the Merriam Theater.  We arrived around 5:45pm and were seated about 20 minutes later, which was the anticipated wait time according to the front desk.  Our waiter, Logan, was very personable and attentive.  The caesar salad was very fresh and tasty.  My husband really enjoyed his Jamaican Black Pepper Chicken and Shrimp.  The original cheesecake with glazed strawberries and whipped cream was delicious!Whenever I think of the Cheesecake Factory, Vince Young always comes to mind. As his dumpster fire of an NFL career was coming to an end circa 2012, reports began to surface that the former Eagles QB and third overall pick of the 2006 NFL draft was known to spend upwards of $5,000 per week at the Cheesecake Factory.
I know NFL players enjoy the lavish lifestyle, but come on, $5,000 per week at the CHEESECAKE FACTORY? You're a millionaire. Treat yourself. That's like if I went out tonight and spent $200 at Taco Bell (I've come close). 
Sources now say Vince Young is now working at an undisclosed Cheesecake Factory location as a short order line cook. Get 'em, Vince!
This was my first visit to a Cheesecake Factory. Not sure how I was able to avoid them for this long. You know, there's a lot to like about this place. The dining room is pretty darn impressive. Lots of head room. 
Pressed for time, my buddies and I opted to sit at the bar rather than wait for a table. Service was friendly, though not the most attentive. As a fairly outgoing group, we were able to get the attention of the bartenders. But I noticed a lot of quiet couples around us being completely neglected. This was actually making ME feel a little awkward, so I made it a point to tell the bartender not to focus solely on my group and to help the other people standing around. Not sure why this was necessary ... you'd think they would do this on their own.
Food portions are HUGE! Has anyone else ever ordered the chicken fingers here? You seriously get like two pounds of chicken and another half pound of mashed potatoes. Seriously. It's obscene. In a good way, of course.
Would I come back? Sure. I love riding escalators to the main dining room. I don't get to do that much here in Reading. Weeeeee!FYI: Their portion sizes are HUGE and the calorie count definitely matches what you get so you might be eating a full days worth of calories in a single meal. 
The fiancé and I were in center city on a date night sorta type thing and came here before checking out some DIY wedding supplies at the AC Moore nearby. Let's just say....it's been a while.
WHAT I GOT: Grilled fish tacos
PROS: First of all, I gotta give it up to our waiter. He was legit the sweetest person ever with the way he talked to us and served us during the meal that it made up for the lack of flavor in our food. And I also appreciate the fact that the Cheesecake Factory lists the calorie count of their food. I mean, for how big their portions are, you can kinda guess how much you're taking in but it's also good to have a set number. The food was cooked pretty well: nice moist chicken and flaky fish. All the ingredients tasted fresh and there were some good flavor combinations in my taco. The ambiance of this place is also pretty cozy and definitely family friendly.
CONS: Where to start...well for starters, my taco shells were uhhh...limp and cold. And the fish on the inside joined them within minutes of hitting the table. The cilantro rice they serve with it tasted ok but that's about it. Just ok. They also gave me a little bowl of beans but I took two bites and left it alone. My fiancé's truffle honey chicken was incredibly bland though. The skin didn't taste like much, neither did the meat on the inside. Most of the flavor came from the sauce on the plate. His mashed potatoes were peppery af but with the chicken, it wasn't terrible. I'm not sure if the quality of the food decreased since the last time I had it but it definitely wasn't really something I'd be like "dying to try".This is our second times in here this time me and my friend choose specialty fillet mignon, its a disappointment cause the more we eat it the more we feel the salt, they put too much salt on our steak. The beef is tender, it just too salty.This was my first time here it was four of us I liked that it was not very crowded but it was very dark could not read the menu without my phone flashlight my server was all over the place we got water after our beverages and we waited a whole for him to come back n take my son's order since they say we serve breakfast all day but they don't only certain things but the food was good I thought for the price I did not get enough shrimp n I think for the amount of people there our server was just not available when we needed him I will return saw something on the lunch menu I would like to try but drinks are beyond pricey 14.00 for a margarita that was not goodThis is a cheesecake factory review for their dessert because imo that's what sets them apart!! 
Although cheesecake is in the name, I would say the sundaes are a slightly better dessert option on the menu! I have never been disappointed in a cheesecake from here but I have also never been stuffed. If you want to have a large dessert to share, I would suggest the hot fudge or rocky road sundae. It's large enough for 2-3 people and if you ask for no whipped cream I'm almost positive you get more ice cream haha.Our first server was very nice, although she didn't know much and had to check her notes a couple of times (which wasn't a problem at all) I ordered the steak medallions well done with out mushrooms (I'm allergic) the bring our food out and i look down and there's mushrooms. When they finally brought out my right food, it was not well done, closer to medium well.  Our table was rarely checked on, and we ran out of ketchup and butter and couldn't get more because no one came over unless they were bringing us something. Multiple other little things could be fixed as well, but the main thing being their attention to customer satisfaction. They did not do anything for us other than apologize for screwing up my order badly, which when it comes to allergies it should be taken more seriously. If this restaurant wasn't a chain I would most likely not return, however I'll try it again when they work out some of the kinksThis was the worst CF experience ever. Everywhere I go, I order the same item. Ordered it here and the chicken was dry and overcooked. They offered to remake it which was a mistake, as it took an eternity. Second round showed up better but still not up to CF standard. The waitress and manager were very gracious, but neither went out of their way to make it right. Bottom line is I walked out paying $28 (including full tip) for a mediocre meal that took forever. Not even an offer to comp my iced tea. Seriously? #1 rule of restaurant management: if at all possible, MAKE IT RIGHT!Sub par service. Came with a group of 5 people 3pm on a Saturday. We ordered 4 salads and a soup, and it took 45 minutes to come out. There was a giant hair ball next to the table which solidified the experience. The cold soup, slow service, and soggy salads are the reasons I will never come back or recommend Cheesecake Factory to anyoneI often frequent the Center City location on Walnut St. My girls and I usually hang out after a long week at work. Well wouln't you know it the time my I bring my children with me our experience is the worst. I CAN'T stand an establishment that changes up week to week. Well DON'T need to go on. Definitely, won't be coming back.I have no idea why this place doesn't have high ratings because i've been almost all of the cheesecake factory in USA and this is one of the best. To be hones after Las Vegas, this is the best. Foods are good especially fried calamari is amazing, i know it's appetizer but it's really tasty. For main course fillet mignon is my favorite. I've been writing as everything is perfect but i put 4 stars because of service. They should improve their service that's the reason why i choose the 4 stars instead of 5... But definitely i'll be back...Went to Cheesecake Factory on Tuesday with my husband, brother, and friend. When you're going to the cheesecake factory you know what you're going to get - it's a chain restaurant with a menu that has pages and pages of options! We didn't have any sort of wait and were seated right away. This Cheesecake Factory looks like any normal Cheesecake Factory, however, what I did like was they have a seating area where the windows are open which is really nice.
We put in a drink order and an order of the Hot Spinage and Cheese Dip.  The drinks and appetizer came promptly. Our waitress was pretty knowledgeable..  apparently during the training they had to learn the whole menu and got to try most of the food for 2 whole weeks! For our entrees we went with the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta, Herb Crusted Filet of Salmon, and Farfalle with Chicken and Roasted Garlic. The Farfalle with Chicken and Roasted Garlic was the best dish out of them all and we'll definitely be going back for that dish!  The only complaint was that we wanted the Snickers Cheesecake, however, they were out of the ingredients so we ended up going with the Tiramisu Cheesecake and S'mores Cheesecake - both equally yummy!For a Saturday night we were started pretty quickly. Service was good and the food was fine. The cheesecake however was HORRIBLE. When the waitress came over I commented how tiny the slice was. It used to be enough to share but this piece was pretty much smaller than the two dollops of whipped cream. I ended up being happy that the piece was so small because it tasted really bad. The cheesecake part dry and crumbly. I guess I should thank them for helping me watch my calorie intake...Overall I love the Cheesecake Factory and it many locations but this one is pretty amazing. You get to go up these escalators just to get to the restaurant which is pretty fancy, not to mention the awesome views of the city. Food and service excellent.The food is very good and consistent. Friendly table service. Portions are large even at Happy hour  - a great deal. Nice pours. However I'm rating the service at the bar horrible. I've been numerous times and I swear the bar tenders are trained NOT to acknowledge customers, Not to ask if they would like water or drink refills. Bummed out because I like the CCF.As much as I hated to lower the rating, last night was the last time I am going to this location.  We got there around 5:45, and it wasn't terribly busy.  We got seated, and 10 minutes later, no one came by.  Then a table was seated to our left and one to our right.  They got their drinks, and we never were even greeted yet.  A server came by, asked if anyone helped us yet, and said that it wasn't her table but she would take our order.  I asked for the Renee's half sandwich and soup because the soup sounded really good, and even thought it was hot out, I wanted to try it.  Ten minutes later, the server came back and said that the Renee's special was only for lunch.  I looked at the menu again, and while it said served until 5:00, the special was also on their regular menu of sandwiches.  I showed it to our server, who said "The computer wouldn't let me enter it, I'll try again."  We finally got our waters, and I assumed all was fine.  FIFTEEN minutes later, the server comes by to tell me that the soup is completely different.  I looked at my husband and said, lets just get the check.  The server said ok, and walked away without trying to fix the situation.  After watching her give the checks to 3 other tables, my husband and I got up to leave, but stopped to speak to the manager.  
45 minutes sitting there and walked out because no one seemed to know what food they served (twice) and how to get us drinks and our check.  NEVER AGAIN.I visited Philly this past weekend from Washington, DC, and decided to go to the Cheesecake Factory. You can never go wrong with the Cheesecake Factory, or so I thought, especially since it's one of my favorite budget places to eat, the food is always plentiful, reasonably priced, and tasty. Well, that's until this last visit. First, let me start by saying this is a BEAUTIFUL location but, unfortunately the service and quality of food does not match the atmosphere. I've never received such horrible service in my life. It was slow, unorganized and downright shameful. My dish (Four Cheese Pasta) was made twice and still was not right. I spoke with the manager and she apologized and offered to make it over a third time. At that point, I was over the whole experience and was ready to travel back to my own city where the Cheesecake Factory service is excellent, and the food is even better. If you're ever in Philly, avoid this location like the plague. It's doing the franchise a disservice.My third or fourth time here. Haven't loved a meal yet. The food is just ok to me. I'm always let down. The lighting is kept so low that it's difficult to read the menus. The A/C is always too cold for my liking. No more cheesecake factory for me.This was probably the worst experience I've ever had at a Cheesecake Factory. Got there at 11 am with a party of six. Our party ordered a mix of lunch specials. 
My meal, the Chicken salad sandwich, was almost 100% mayo. Just pure mayo. Not even sure if there was chicken in it. My friend got the Orange chicken lunch special and it came out cold. The texture was extremely mushy, it almost disintegrated in your mouth. A burger at the table tasted and looked like they found it in the dumpster. Buffalo chicken sandwich had no buffalo sauce on it. Fries and nachos were good but not sure how you can screw those up. Some things in our table were almost inedible. 
Service was good and attentive but the restaurant was completely empty so can't speak to the quality when they are busier. 
To be fair, we didn't bring these negative comments up to our server or management as we just really wanted to get of out there but this location NEEDS to shape up and immediately.I have written other reviews regarding the regular dining menu at TCF. this review is strictly about the happy hour menu offered between 4 and 6PM Monday thru Friday.
I have gone once by myself around Five PM and it was very busy but my experience was very good. had to wait a bit for drinks sometimes but considering thre rush the delay was understandable. This time i went with a friend and we showed up right after Four PM. Big difference in the room. Not nearly as busy or loud.
I'll just list the items that we ordered along with their happy hour price-Chicken Pot Stickers ($5.50), Crispy Crab Bites ($7.50,real crab meat), The Warm Crab & Artichoke Dip ($5.50-had two orders in house and my friend ordered one to go, that's how great the dip is. Intoxicating and addictive!), Dynamite Tempura Shrimp ($6.95-not as spicy as I had been led to think they would be but good flavor nonetheless. If you order the house wine, be it white, red, or zinfandel, (I had my usual Merlot) the price is $5.50. Name brand wines will cost more (Like my friend's Moscato @ $9.50). You can get beer for $3-4 and drinks such as Long Island Iced teas, mojitos, and margaritas for $5.50! There are so many appetizers that we didn't get to try this time nut are looking forward to on our next trip. The price is right and the earlier you come the better the service will be. After five it can get busy so things will take longer. Wanted to also mention our server Craig M. who answered our questions and, if didn't know the answer, he would go and find out. He was friendly and patient, even bringing us fresh, warm bread when the first basket came out cold and hard. Thanks Craig! 
So, if you are looking to try The Cheesecake Menu without paying the regular prices, try their happy hour. You will probably be tempted into going back to try the regular menu at some point in the future.The worst service ever! Got there at 4:20, the booth we were put into was too small for the baby seat, and when we asked hostess about it she just walked away. Then we took it upon ourselves to move. Then after we ordered they brought it the wrong order to 2 out of the 3 of us. So while one is us was eating for 20 minutes the rest were just waiting for their correct order. The. Our waitress couldn't remember anything we were asking for and had to repeat everything to her. Then she left in the middle of purser vice and we got a second server. This server was nice and then we asked if we could split the bill. She was accommodating until she gave us the checks, we gave her out cards and then when we got the receipts the amount had changed on out of our checks from originally 35 to 42!! How the hell does that happen? Please explain how you randomly add 2 sodas to a check that was already correct before we gave you out cards. Then she wanted to know If that extra was ok or does she need to get her manager... Um yes get your manager.. Then she returned with 6$ in cash  without the manager... Mind you the overcharge was 7$ . At this point we were so frustrated we just took our tip back and left. 
This was supposed to be a nice night out for me and my cousins but ended up being a night where our patience was tried. Will not be returning back here anytime soon: most likely will go to Max Brenner's around the corner... Very disappointedThis rating is for amazing whole wheat baguette that you can buy at the restaurant to take home. I got it warm so it's very crunchy on the outside but soft and warm inside. $3.50 per baguette plus tax.First time at this location and I was impressed! The service was excellent (our server's name was Steven). He was very attentive. We had a party of 4, celebrating a birthday. I ordered jambalaya which was great and plentiful. The other ladies had sandwiches which they enjoyed. Crab balls and calamari for apps, sweet potato cheesecake to go. Will definitely return!Went here two days in a row and each time entire experience was tremendous. Food was great. Service spot on.menu huge & very busy with the other patrons food all looking  great and all seemingly enjoying themselves. servings are huge ..I'm not a big fan of cheese cake and never order it.however since I was there I felt obligated to try..it was delectable & a huge piece enough to share ..
An army of staff all with a outstanding attitude and friendly professionalism thats unfortunately not all that common anymore .
Big fan and i would highly recommend !I rarely ever complain about a restaurants service and kitchen staff; however, the dining experience at this specific Cheesecake Factory was absolutely awful. For starters, the waiter listened to our orders, didn't write them down and then proceeded to come back to the table and ask us for our orders again. The three of us dining all made modifications to our orders. When he brought out orders over, he did not take note of the modifications, resulting in us having to wait even longer for our food. Once our "correct" food came over, there was still food missing and the quality was not good. My mom ordered the grilled chicken tostado salad. The tostado was limp and soaked instead of crispy, and there was no chicken on the salad. I ordered the Tuscan chicken subbed with salmon which comes with artichokes but there were no artichokes, and the salmon portion was so small. I had gone to the King of Prussia location the night before which had a salmon filet double the size served at the Philadelphia location. The manager was nice enough to give me another portion of salmon but the overall quality of service and food was sub-par at best. Will not be coming to this location again.This was my 1st time at this location.  The building and atmosphere is gorgeous.  Thankfully they have an elevator in addition to the escalators and steps.  I was with a rather large group of people, and we were able to be seated in a private room with a wonderful view of Philadelphia.  This was good and bad.  Why?  As it got darker outside, the dimmer the lights became on the inside, to the point where we were all pulling out our cellphones to use the lights to read our menus! 
For my drink, I ordered a glass of Moscato.  Unfortunately they were out of it. :(  So, I ordered a glass of Riesling.  It was pretty good.  The only thing i didn't like was the fact that the wine glasses were so large, yet they only filled it up halfway!  I guess that's to make you order another glass.  Who knows.  Needless to say, for $9.50, that was my only glass of wine for the night.  Grade: B
My appetizer was the Fried Zucchini.  I asked for mine without cheese and marinara sauce instead of ranch dressing.  I was looking forward to it, since this is one of my favorite appetizers in the world, and everywhere I have gone either took it off of their menus or it has been absolutely horrendous!  Well...The Cheesecake factory made me happy!  Thick pieces of Zucchini sticks, light and crispy breading and wasn't served as a greasy mess!  The people I shared them with agreed that they were very good.  The portion was very large.  I ended up ordering more to go with my main course.  Grade: A+
My main course for dinner was Fish and Chips.  Well.  I can honestly say that I've had better in less-costing restaurants.  The flsh was fried nice and crispy, but it was very bland.  The fries were good.  Grade: C
Dessert:  I ordered the Oreo Cookie Cheesecake for myself and the Godiva Cheesecake for my friend.  Both were awesome, like always!  Grade: A+
The only thing that I can completely say that I was truly upset about was the salad that I ordered to-go.  It was the French Country Salad with mixed greens, grilled asparagus, fresh beets, goat cheese, candied pecans and vinaigrette.  I was very disappointed when I got home and opened up the salad.  Extremely wilted lettuce.  There were only a couple pieces of beets and they looked dried out.  We won't even talk about the asparagus.  About 2 goat cheese crumbles.  All I can say is that this was a major disappointment for the amount that it cost. Grade:D
Overall, my experience with the food was ok.  Our server, Anna, did a good job with serving a large group.  The only issue I had was sending my check back for corrections.  
Will I go back to this particular location?  Not sure.  We shall see.   
Overall Grade:  CThe food was good, but the service was extremely bad! I asked for ONE minute to decide and the waitress comes back TEN minutes later. Not to mention she glanced my way a few times and noticed that I was ready to order. Extremely disappointed that the service sucked since the food was good. Not saying I haven't had good experiences before but this is was pretty bad. The table was not thoroughly cleaned and the wait time for a seat (when the restaurant was nearly empty) was way too long.Came in at a not busy time 4:45 on a Monday, not only did no one come over after ten minutes but after saying something to the hostess I was still left sitting. I got up and left only to find the escalator now broken going down. I wanted my friend who had never been to try and no I doubt he ever will.Good inexpensive place to eat for less than $20 per person. It's right in the middle of center city, so it's classy without being too expensive.Let's be clear, I only gave 3 stars mainly for ambiance. I love the setup of this Cheesecake. My first time here, me and a group of friends dined for a birthday. We sat in the grand room upstairs and felt like celebs lol. It was so clean and pretty. Our server was nice and accommodating too. She wasn't intimidated by our large party. She had glasses and braids. I ordered the calamari and a glass of Proseco. My calamari was fried really bad and had chicken on the plate; I assume they fry chicken in the same fryer. Which is ok, but I'm a vegetarian. I unknowingly bit into it, disturbed. I told our server though, and she had no problem taking it back. I didn't get anything else. 
My second time here I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and had the same server. Sweet, still. This meal was way better though! No complaints for this one. It was so good I couldn't even finish it all. I'd probably return.Beautiful, especially for a space in Philly! I love the variety. It is a chain but they do it very well.After our third visit here, we will not be returning. Promptly seated, we waited 13 minutes for any server to take our drink order. A party (seated after) next to us had their drinks before we met our server. After waiting another 15 minutes 2 of 3 of our drinks arrived. Because "the bar was running behind".  Our server also insisted there were no more kids cups. The same table across from us had one though. I ordered the Bang Bang Chicken wich had no Bang at all. Not a hint of spice. Wife ordered the Jamaican chicken which was just as lack luster. My daughter had spaghetti and marinara and surprise.. She likes it from our neighborhood diner more. I would only recomend cheesecake to go, if that.A+++++! Our server was great, everything we had was great. The managers came around to check on us and were very friendly and sincere. We had the artichoke appetizer and I highly recommend it. I suggest you park nearby, because you will have leftovers! Such a great addition to the city.The Cheesecake Factory was AMAZING, but pricey. Not everything was good, but if you order the right things, it'd be a perfect meal.
The portions were huge as well. If you're an average eater, one entree is good enough for two. 
Four of us had 1 appetizer and 3 entrées, 2 cheesecakes and 1 ice cream. The bill came up to 100. Just to let you know. Service was great, though food came a little slow. Still. Food was food. No complaints. 
Orders: 
Calamari - was salty, though with a nice crisp. Still not worth it
Bang Bang chicken and shrimp - distinct Thai flavor with pineapple. Great great dish if you love Thai. 
Steak Diane - amazing. Very well done. Had a medium rare. Mushrooms were perfect. 
Some sort of deep fried chicken pasta - very average, even possibly below average. 
Smores cheesecake - Fantastic, if you love Smores or chocolate.
Red velvet - average, nothing outstanding
Hot fudge sundae - below average, was meh.I love the Cheesecake Factory and was excited that one just opened in center city. Like the other locations I've visited, the food is so good and the portions are huge. Customer service was great which is another plus. Highly recommend the monte cristo for brunch.My first visit to a CF, had a great experience. Had steak with mashed potatoes with Asian influences. Was amazing. Had a piece of salted caramel cheesecake for desert, we were three people sharing it but could not finish it. Very full tummy!
Nice staff but tables were a bit .. Unprivate. Close to the next table.My co-workers and I went to the Cheesecake Factory to meet over lunch. Upon our arrival, one of my co-workers saw a roach on the floor, we thought that might have been a single incident until after being seated at our table; we placed our orders, was engaged in discussion at which point one of my co-workers saw another roach on the back of my seat, after some bewilderment, we get up, while another of my co-workers kill the roach; the manager comes over and offers us a seat in another location, we say fine; until while standing waiting to be seated we see yet another roach crawling on another seat. The manager acknowledged that there had just been extermination. At that point we all opted to leave the establishment as none of us had much of an appetite after that incident. I highly recommend that extermination be done after hours and allow enough time so that bugs such as roaches be totally eliminated before the establishment reopens. Unfortunately, I will not be back to that particular Cheesecake Factory and will probably be suspicious of others. If the dining area was like that, I can only imagine how things were in the kitchen where there's much more food.This place is the good, the bad, and the ugly. The good of course was the cheesecake, I had some kind of caramel pecan cheesecake that was 5 stars for sure. The food was bad, my salad was wilted and extra chewy, my shrimp was medium well and I believe that shrimp and seafood should be thoroughly cooked. The ugly was our waiter, I forgot his name but he was awful each course came to the table at least 20 minutes apart, I even had to look for him to get silverware to eat our salads with because there was none on the table when we sat down and he did not bringing any out with our food. We requested them and after 20 minutes of waiting I had to go and find him, geez.The food and atmosphere was decent but they screwed my check up and charged my card multiple times. After probably 15 minutes of trying to get it fixed, I'm pretty sure that I'm still screwed, but didn't want to devote anymore time to the ordeal.This restaurant is really nice! Top floor is the only place for seating. The menu is huge, I always like to look online ahead of time. I got a peach Bellini to start with. It a very tasty but didn't taste alcoholic at all. Food was standard for Cheesecake Factory. The service was incredibly slow for a Monday night however. Waited an hour just to get our entrees. Can't imagine what it's like on a busy night. Food was good and so was the cheesecake so besides the service, 4 stars it is!Wonderful, plentiful salads. Order 'lunch' size for dinner. Still too much. Sure, it's a chain. Sure, it's formulaic. And so what. Good value for money. And this location, atop Walnut Street, is bold and beautiful. And tacky, of course. Service was great, though a bit overdone, this being the resto's 'soft' opening week and all. Expect crowds after the official opening. Mall people will descend. As for Applebee's next door? Are they packing their bags already? -- Hotspur for The PJ.Great lunch out! I had the fried zucchini appetizer and the carbonara with added chicken. They do lunches until 5pm and happy hour from 4pm. Sat at the bar, service was great, very friendly.My friend, Naomi (also known as BB or Birthday Bitch), invited a group of around 10 friends to the Cheesecake Factory for a celebration of her being born.  I had been to the King of Prussia CF but never to the downtown location.  The CF is always a bit of an odyssey into another world, where people have expendable cash and suburban hairstyles and where decadence is supremely exalted, in both garish displays of décor and overall gluttony.  In this way, the Cheesecake Factory is a quite viscerally American experience.
While waiting at the bar I chatted with my buddy, Hawkeye, and spent $10 on a bottled Angry Orchard.  Cocktails were in the double digit range, and seeing how I was a poor social worker masquerading as a person who can afford to eat at fancy restaurants, I opted to not get any more alcoholic drinks throughout my stay.
Eventually we were moved to a large table that could accommodate our group.  Our server was polite and attentive and tolerant of our low class requests, such as bringing me hot sauce to pair with the free bread they serve.  Speaking of the free bread, it was delicious and regrettably I ate quite a lot of it despite having given up gluten recently.
Communing with the other indigent social workers, Hawkeye and I decided to split some nachos with our friend Brenda.  The calorie content was well over your overall daily allowance so it seemed that splitting it three ways would be wise.  Getting swept up in the gluttony of this establishment, I impulsively decided to also order their "Nashville Hot" chicken nuggets which were only $5.  They claimed to be quite hot, which I considered dubious but figured it was worth a try.
When the nachos arrived, they were as enormous as we had hoped and had generous portions of good toppings including spicy chicken, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and salsa.  I wouldn't say that there was anything particularly "special" about these nachos, but they were large, filling, and tasty so I was very happy with this decision.  They were also more than enough for three people and frankly I did not need my impulsive chicken nuggets.  Speaking of the chicken nuggets, I found them very underwhelming.  Only one chicken nugget out of ten was sufficiently saucy and the overall heat level was practically imperceptible.
BB's new man friend, Landon (who worked hard all night to prove to us that he wasn't a Blandon) got the fried mac and cheese balls and generously shared with the table in what I can only imagine was a ploy to win good favor in the group.  These were cheese-filled pillows of heaven and you could only hope to be so lucky as to get to experience them for free at some point in your lifetime.  He also got a very mysterious dish which was a pizza made with chicken-parmesan crust and pasta on top.  I didn't get to taste it but I can only imagine that it was quite indulgent.
At the conclusion of the meal, a handful of the brave ordered cheesecake.  Thanks to the plentiful free bread I was bloated up like a hot air balloon and had no money or appetite left for dessert but I admired those that were able to go "all the way."  I have had CF Cheesecake before and it's incredibly delicious, probably as a result of each slice including over three quarters of your daily calorie content.
In the end, what could be more wholesomely American than group of ten 20-something-year-olds (okay fine, I'm 30...) caucusing in the soft glow of ornate chandeliers of ostentation, eating a week's worth of calories in food they will have to buy on credit to afford, surrounded by suburban families ignoring everything but their iphones.  BB seemed happy to usher in a new year of life in this manner and frankly I enjoyed myself and the food very much.This review is only for Happy Hour. Monday - Friday 4p-6p. 5.50 for all drinks, a BROAD selection of appetizers, and the Happy Hour burger. This is seriously one of the BEST happy hours in Center City. The drinks actually taste like alcohol and almost everything is served in a regular glass (the kind you'd get for a regular soft drink). The bartenders are also very nice and friendly overall. I can't speak to anything other than happy hour and the delicious cheesecakes which I love. I personally think 7.95 for a cheesecake is great.I DESPISE chain restaurants. It's definitely not my first choice but on a pouring rainy day semi tired from work we settled on something quick and easy...so we thought. 
Shrimp Alfredo- shrimp was dry and chewy, Alfredo pasta was season less, it's really hard to mess up a dish that's typically good if you just dump sauce on it but Cheesecake Factory center city found a way to make it bland and not very enjoyable.
Filet mignon and cheese balls-wanted to swap out one of the sides that came w/ the steak for the cheese balls and simply add the extra cost 
(if necessary) since cheese balls are $10 and the sides are $5. They made such a huge deal about it. I even suggested they comp the cheese balls just to accommodate us as paying customers and that was empathically denied. Our waiter Christian was kinda cool but had NO power or willingness. The manager Manny was incompetent and rigid. I even said to him, "Manny you aren't very good at your job are you?" Lol 
They didn't bring a steak knife for my friend to eat the steak with. They ran out of Riesling and the their Mojito was gross, had to send it back and just got Gingerale which was $3.00 and NO refills. 
The entire experience was blah and reminded me why I'm so picky about the places I choose to dine. Never again will I allow anyone to make me feel guilty for being a dining snob. I'll simply remind them of this experience and hopefully they get it...if not...ill be far away at Devon or Parc and I won't hear their judging.I've eaten at cheesecake factory's in 5 states never disappointed except for this one. Ordered crabs cake came out room temperature second time they came out cold waitress apologized  said did I want dessert because she felt bad. Ordered dessert and was charged. The manager was no where to be seenThis Cheesecake Factory is two stories. Unexpected 30 minute wait on a Sunday night for a table for four. Please turn the dimmer up so there's some lighting. I like ambiance but there's a problem when you can barely see the food in front of you. Table and silverware was unkempt. For some reason, there were still cloth napkins from the previous party before us on the ground.
Server was solid. Seemed like they were understaffed this night because he did not appear until we were 10 minutes into looking at the menu. Hostess did not set up smaller plates to share. 
Food portions were huge and everything came out hot and delicious. 6 beers on tap and over 280 menu items.first time visiting Philly for business. Decided to check it out this place with my colleagues. Great atmosphere, nice decorations but quite dimmed light inside. 
Now, we had an awful awful server that night. She was extremely rude, first I thought she was joking cause I thought it cant be this bad. I think she must be mad at management or something. I didn't have one of these servers for long time. My food didn't show up for maybe 20 minutes after everyone elses arrived. I had to wait to get our servers attention to let her know about the situation cause she didn't even come back to check on my colleagues food after she dropped it. She didn't even apologise, she didn't even offer discount. I guess this must be lack of management supervision. cause she was not caring anything all night long. It must be hard not to notice that by floor manager. Anyways, such a terrific experience.I love this place! I came here with a few co workers for lunch and knew that I was leaving with a slice of cheesecake. Absolutely sinful!!I think three stars is an adequate rating for the Cheesecake Factory in Philadelphia. Came with a party of 6 and waited 40 minutes for a table (that's what we get for going on a Saturday night). 
I ordered an extra dirty martini at the bar in hopes they had their signature one with blue cheese stuffed olives, unfortunately they were all out. I settled for regular olives but my drink was very strong and not at all "extra" dirty. 
The waiter did not greet our table for at least 10 minutes after we were seated. The spinach and artichoke dip we ordered as an appetizer was really good! It was creamy and warm. Unfortunately, there was barely enough chips to get through half of the dish. 
Most of my party went with pasta dishes, including myself. I had the lasagna, which was very..flat. It was mostly noodle and very little stuffing inside. It was vegetarian, without meat, which i thought was a plus. Many lasagnas have meat only options, however where the lasagna lacked meat it lacked everything else. It was noodles piled on noodles. I was left not feeling entirely full. Others in my party had the three cheese pasta, a children's pizza, and a turkey club. Given a taste of the pasta I wish I had ordered it! The sauce was tasty and the noodles were a tad al denete (which I enjoy, personally). The turkey club my sister had was said to be dry and the pizza was barely touched by the 5 year old because it was "too cold." 
This would not be my first choice while visiting Philadelphia, but it was okay.Food is like every other Cheesecake Factory and is just enough to fill you up. However food takes forever to come out even on an early weekday lunch service.My husband and I were serviced 12-27-15.
Our sever (Edward M), appeared to be overwhelmed with his tables he was responsible for. He served the table on my right and left, but didn't acknowledge us right away. Five minutes later, he asked us for a drink order. We ordered. My Husband also mentioned, we didn't have saucers for our loaf of  bread. He came back with 2 saucers to accommodate us. Our dinner was very tasty.
Although he forgot my vegetable, I waited and caught him at another table to tell him. He served us hastily. ÇF was good, but waiter was so so.I like the Cheesecake Factory on the simple fact alone is that they have many OPTIONS - the menu is extensive and that will usually meet everyone's needs.  I am typically not a chain restaurant visitor, but when in a group or family outings - I go with the flow of the group!  In this case, if I am going to indulge - at least I can have a nice view and beautiful decor to enjoy my experience.  This location of the Cheesecake Factor has the views and decor in Spades!  
I was with a few folks on this visit and we decided to dine on appetizers and drinks and of course the "cheesecake" to finish the night!  We had the Edamame, Dynamite Shrimp, Everything Pizza & Buffalo Wings.  We also ordered the Calamari - but it was overcooked - so we sent it back without any issue from our great waiter "Chris".  
Chris was awesome - he was attentive and made our experience enjoyable.  I feel this is a great location and if you are in the area - if nothing else - go get some darn cheese - our choice for the meal was "Red Velvet Cheesecake" and the take home choice was "Key Lime Cheesecake" - Yummy!I've been to a few locations and I have to say this one has the best decor by far (I do know they are all similar).
We usually go on a weeknight when it's not busy.  The staff is extremely friendly.  We are seated quickly in a booth.
We had a few small plate appetizers although there were more than enough for two people.
Dynamite Shrimp (crispy tempura shrimp tossed with our spicy dynamite sauce). There were plenty of them and oh so tasty.   
CRISPY CUBAN ROLLS- (Crispy Wrappers Filled with Slow Roasted Pork, Ham, Melted Swiss Cheese, Pickles and Mustard) . So tasty and full of flavor.
Dinner 
I ordered my favorite - CHICKEN MADEIRA -Sautéed Chicken Breast Topped with Fresh Asparagus and Melted Mozzarella Cheese. Covered with Fresh Mushroom Madeira Sauce and Served with Mashed Potatoes.  This meal is so good I forced (meaning restrained) myself to eat half so I can eat it for lunch the next day as well.
Hubby had the Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp. Didn't look appealing to me....  Plus Hubby only had 4 shirmp :(   He was too nice to say anything but I'm sure if Shimp is in the title there should be more then 4.
Can't go to the Cheesecake factory without eating cheesecake.
I had FRESH STRAWBERRY CHEESECAKE    It was very tasty but I wish I was more adventurous and tried something unique.  
Hubby had the Tuxedo cheesecake which looked devine.
We found $10 parking (after 4) at 16th and Ranstead so we will definitely be back!Went here for my birthday celebration with two friends. Not only did they wish Happy Birthday to the wrong person, the food was less than lackluster and a server shushed us for being too "loud." The food runner looked at me sheepishly as he realized he sang happy birthday to the wrong individual and apologized before making his quick escape. That same server that shushed my table was also complaining about working at The Cheesecake Factory - saying that she was working for longer than she was supposed to. Would not recommend going there. Nothing but disappointment. The branch at the King of Prussia Mall is a much better franchise.Always a great experience, big fan of the setup with large windows and a great view of the city streets. Tonight our server was Nita and she was wonderful. Enjoyed the beet salad and fried cheese wedges along with some excellent cheesecake. Great food, better service and wonderful environment.Pretty basic. I liked our appetizers: Chicken samosas and shrimp rolls (Vietnamese style). You know, Cheesecake Factory has their standard items. My rating is pretty much for the service here. It was just slow. It appeared our waiter was stretched too thin, there were some times he was overattentive, but for a large portion of the meal (we were there for lunch), he was MIA. There were swaths of time where all of our dishes were on the table without being taken away for room, where we wanted more water, where we waited to order the food, waited for the check. It just was inconsistently timed the whole lunch. It's a nice location, but I have yet to be wowed at this Cheesecake Factory's service.One thing dont expert same what we expert from other chesse cake factory 
Moo was our surver he is good , food was assume like always we had stuff mushroom .chickrn blast , tax max egg roll but I will tell u secret why I always love chese cake factory is ? Only standered ,I usually go at king of pusria they always have same dress for everyone and how they talk ,how they present everything ,still love this place but could be little bit more ,I will come back again ,thanks to be have this location in city .First of all, brunch starts at 10.. we arrived at 10 and the doors were still locked. Finally the manager came down to unlock them and also sat us at a table since the hostess was MIA. As we walked through the restaurant to our seats I noticed that every single chair was THITHY. Covered in crumbs and food smears. I cleaned my chair with a napkin before sitting because it was so dirty. Our water had chunks of food or something in it. Dirty tables, dirty walls, dirty seats. Food was awful. Bread chewy like it had been frozen. Salt at the table was stuck together because it had gone bad.I have been to CCF in King of Prussia and now to the new Center City location.  Besides the impressive space and decor, I honestly can't see what people get so excited about.  The cheesecake is just "OK."  I ordered the classic with fresh strawberries.  I really didn't see much difference between it and any frozen brand you can get from the grocery store.Gross. I'm not a germaphobe but they need a new dish washer. My first glass of water was sticky and had food flake off and then I ordered some and it came with big red lipstick marks. The service was terrible and then annoying. We'd ask for a menu or a side of dressing and it'd take 20 min but while my friend were clearly in conversation catching up our server kept budding in awkwardly. The cheesecake was good but that's about it.Service was poor although our waiter was nice. We had to ask for menu and bread. Utensils were not clean. We had to ask them to be replaced. Ahi tuna tataki salad was good and well seasoned with nice complementing dressing.This is my second bad experience at this Cheesecake Factory. The service was absolutely HORRIFIC! I have had some bad severs, but nothing comes close to what I have experienced twice in this place. My wife and I are a long time customers of Cheesecake Factory - in the past we ate there at least 2 times per week. I used to go to the ones in KOP and Cherry Hill. After this last time in the city, I will never EVER return! Servers are absolutely incompetent, lazy, careless, and snobs. Managers are WORTHLESS! Do not go there unless you want to treated like garbage. Take your business to Cherry Hill , KOP or any other restaurant in the city.The service here is great! I only discovered this place was a full out restaurant a couple years ago lol and I was pleasantly surprised at how upscale it was, while also keeping it casual. I love the complementary warm bread and butter, can't go wrong with that. The portions are very large and I believe well worth the hefty prices of some. I would say most of the entrees are shareable for two light eaters. I love the chicken Madeira. The cheesecakes are unsurprisingly delicious as well. Overall, with my numerous visits here, this Cheesecake Factory delivers with quality food and quality service.Been here twice, once for happy and once for lunch. My waitress was efficient and friendly. The food was soooooo good. My mother and I had the buffalo blasts as an appetizer. They are so good, highly recommended. Tastes like they were made from scratch. For the main course I had the chicken and shrimp gumbo while my mother had some type of chicken Alfredo. I ordered a passion fruit mojito, a little too fruity, it made my stomach hurt. Then finally for desert I had the snickers cheesecake. Omg it was so good. Everything was so good. Although it was crowded when we went, we didn't wait that long for food. Their menu is a little price so expect to spend at least $75-100.  Can't wait to go backJust walked out of there after standing in the entrance while the greeter with the long messy blonde hair was on the phone gossiping. My party and I were confused about whether we wait for her to finish or go up the giant broken escalator. So I kindly asked if we go up because we were unattended and she was clearly trying to avoid us. Then she held her hand up and said one minute please in an aggravated tone. So after going in circles for 30 minutes trying to find parking we dont even get acknowledged when we walk in to the place. I said screw it and we walked over to Pietro's Pizza and are now enjoying an amazing personalized pizza! To the woman with the dry ends please learn some people skills.