I love this place.  The food is amazing.  When you go you must have the balls.  The canned beer theme is kinda cool but they offer a full bar.
I held a friends bday party there one year and the staff was not only accommodating but awesome to the extra people that showed.  Plus they worked with me on the menu to have family style food.  We did a cash bar and were able to control the jukebox the entire night.
I go there as much as possible and would recommend to anyone.Great crowd, good food, awesome bartender! Be careful though - I ordered sweet potato ravioli and it randomly had nuts in it. Such an odd addition and possibly, you know, deadly to some folks.
Get the Thanksgiving balls! They are worth the hype.Ahh! I love The Pig! I've been there atleast 20 times and it's always solid. The servers and bartenders are all super nice and like to converse and they serve killer bar food. The "balls" are amazing and the draft list is always rotating. Love this place!If tapas are the pedantic foodie, lecturing about flavor profiles. The blind pig is the friendly oaf who slaps you on the back;a little too hard, and tells you to eat up. Think Moose from Archie comics.
Upon entering the Blind Pig, you will find a staff that is happy to see you. They want nothing more than to ply you with booze and stuff you with well made bar fare. It is not salesmanship. It is genuine enthusiasm. 
The offerings range from the usual such as Cubano to the more original poutine or gator sausage. I suspect you have already heard about their balls. They have a nice tap beer list and a large can menu.
All the food is served in huge portions. Especially the appetizers. Keep this in mind or you might be forced to wrap leftovers in a napkin and stuff it in your purse(Manbag) like Grandma.Congratulations friends! great restaurant!!! David everybody love your balls!!! We'll be back!!!We had a horrible experience here last Saturday night. 
I will preface this review by saying that before last Saturday, my fiance and I had been here a few times, we've had the poutine, we been here for quizzo, we'd been for a few beers. Until now, our experience of Blind Pig had been meh. The poutine was okay, the beer selection decent, but the bar atmosphere leaves something major to be desired. 
So last Saturday night.. four of us went out to a lovely dinner and came back to our hood to get some drinks. We stopped at Bourbon and Branch (what used to be Liberties) and realized that it was just too loud and the music wasn't great, so we decided to head across the street to the Blind Pig, where it was a lot emptier. When we walked in, there was immediate awkwardness. It's a bar, and it's late. There was a guy (manager?) who was immediately sort of "on top" of us, and guided us to a table. Okay, okay.. whatever. It wasn't a big deal, but it was awkward. 
Turned out he was our waiter - and we ordered a few beers. After the first round, we were feeling adventurous and ordered a round of Bulleit Ryes ..  a delicious high end whiskey. The guy goes to the bar and comes back with something that very obviously did not look like Bulleit - and upon further inspection, did not SMELL like Bulleit. Now, if it were another high end whiskey maybe we wouldn't have noticed, but it was so obviously some cheap stuff that we had to say something, so we did. The guy sort of didn't know what to say, and went back to the bar. I was suspicious, so I walked up to the bar a few minutes later and saw them changing it out and pouring from the right bottle. The bartender, Debra, who is also apparently the owner, was very obviously in mid-conversation with her friends/regulars about the whole thing because as soon as they saw me, everyone around her became silent. 
It was clear we had caught her trying to pass off cheap whiskey as the real thing. We sipped our real Bulleits and got the hell out of there. We thought MAYBE they'd try to recoup their image and take something off the bill, but no. They charged us despite this whole interaction. 
On the way out, I went up to the bar and asked her why she did it.. to which she answered something along the lines of "I thought you'd be too drunk to notice"...
all I can say is, WOW.The Blind Pig is an amazing place for dinner and drinks (or just drinks). We came here a few years ago for dinner, and it continues to be one of our favorite places in Northern Liberties.
The Blind Pig has some of the best dishes we've had in the area: Thanksgiving Balls, Blue Balls, Poutine, to name a few. The Loco Moco special is an amazing addition that is always worth it when on the menu. The salted caramel bread pudding is to die for when on the menu.
They also have the best canned beer selection in the city. The Blind Pig is worth a trip--or addition to your weekend favorites.I'm a big fan of anyone who wears a hooded-sweat shirt, and has a super casual well meaning vibe about them.  That's the woman who greeted us at The Blind Pig. I was with my brother, his girlfriend, her sister, and Smalls, renowned food-turtle and peanut butter and jelly enthusiast. 
The woman happily engaged us, explaining beers and food options in a non-threatening, anti-pretentious fashion.  I felt like this woman was Philadelphia, not the Philadelphia that is, but the Philadelphia that was.  The one from Rocky, and W.C. Fields jokes. A romanticized version of what a server/bartender can be.
The menu is full of meat - but not in the way that you forget that animals died so you could eat. You're aptly aware that the Pig, in the Blind Pig, is the Pig that you may be eating. The decor and feel give you the understanding that the animal is doing you a service and the burger will taste all the better for it.
In this age of vegeitized-victum-less food, it's nice to pay tribute to the processes and artistry that once went with meat preparation and cooking. Something that seems as distant as a Silversmith, as you cut through the mustaches and tandem bicycles that pollute Philadelphia while everyone rages about which are the best new clown shoes, and why you should be wearing them. 
We saw a sign for Quizzo on Monday nights, and we went about deciding how we would make up our team - what our strengths would be. Lauren, my brother's girlfriend went for fashion.  Her sister, Rachel (who is studying to be a lawyer, but if you ask me seems to be more interested in studying reruns of Law and Order: SVU, and all the horrid crimes that, that show puts on display) My brother said he could toss in some movie, TV, and maybe even some cooking knowledge And Smalls just kept wondering what he would be good at? (Maybe eating a meal that didn't consist of wheat bread and condiments?)
Our meals arrived just as our quizzo planning was winding down, and we happily engaged them - filling our stomachs with the reverie and joy that come with a meal well-cooked, and well consumed.
I remember a woman coming in with her son, yelling at him to wait - as the kid rushed toward a table - her husband was parking the car, and her daughter was walking in looking absolutely miserable that she had to dine with her parents.
Suddenly the real world was coming into the bliss I'd known for a mere hour or so. We departed, in the classic fashion -- and all piled into Small's car, only to go the wrong way down a shady street, and eventually end up parked in front of a fence - placed, as it would seem, at random, in the middle of the street.
Philadelphia sure can get scary if you take the right amount of wrong turns.
At least if we were too be shot in one of these back wayward streets of Philadelphia, we'd do it with full bellies and smiles on our faces.
Happily we survived, and with that survival intend to eat at the Blind Pig again.Loved this place! My friend and I have been in search of good poutine in the city and this place definitely has the best we've found yet!  Almost as good as in Canada.  They used real cheese curds and just the right amount of gravy.  We also had the Thanksgiving balls, which were really good.  The outside was some sort of stuffing, with mashed potatoes and turkey on the inside.  It wasn't too heavy, and they got their proportions just right.  We loved the cranberry sauce that came with it too.  We also had the chorizo quesadilla, which was also delicious.  Would definitely recommend all three. The pub setting was relaxed and the noise level was fine - so we could enjoy a good conversation without shouting.  We'll definitely be coming back!If you're looking for a local feel and a great beer lists, I recommend the blind pig. My
Fiancé and I enjoy hitting The Pig for a couple of beers and a quick dinner after a long week of work.I shouldn't love the Blind Pig, as this is where my first and only hang over was born.  But I love it.  I came here one of the first nights the doors were open before the gran opening and I remember thinking "Man, I hope this places doesn't become a jam packed screaming match like most of the other bars on the block."  It hasn't.  The bartenders are a great time, but they aren't trying too hard.  Same with the wait staff.  The food is good.  
If blue balls are on the menu, order them.  Trust me.  You want them in your mouth.Very chill and cool spot to grab a quick bite or even have a couple drinks at.  My gf and I got the fried oysters which wasn't cooked all the way... the texture was hard to swallow. Located in a very chic area convenient to hop area to different places if you aren't satisfy with this one.I love trying out new spots.  I've been here twice, once for drinks, once for dinner.  There's a lot of good beer here, some with prices from reasonable to outrageous.  Still, the selection gives you options no matter what your goal is, from sipping at heavy stout to drinking cheap pounders.  I really liked that they give you a pint glass even when you order can beer.  
There is a nice, long wooden bar which is the best spot at The Blind Pig.  They have a few TVs, and this is a good place to catch the Phillies.  There's also outdoor seating, which is fantastic if the weather cooperates.  
The food menu is standard; average.  There is nothing that jumps out, although lots of people rave about the Thanksgiving balls: deep fried turkey and mash potatoes served with gravy.  
There was one special that I was intrigued by: Alligator sausage.  It was a 70-30 blend made with pork, and the meat was delicious and flavorful, like a more gamey chorizo.  It was served on a small white roll with a salad on the side.  The bread was terrible.  Is it too much to ask for Amaroso or Sarcone in Philadelphia?  The salad was okay; forgettable.  
Emily ordered a beat salad and wasn't thrilled either.  The menu, overall, just seems to have little or no effort.  The service was ok, but not on par with other spots I usually visit.
Bottom Line: I like the can beer selection, even if some are overpriced.  The draft list offers good options, but the food is nothing special.  The Blind Pig needs to find it's niche to survive, because right now, there is not much going on.  Nothing bad either, but that's usually not enough.Awesome place to have a nice relaxing drink and grab some good grub. The "against doctors order" burger was delicious.Our group trickled in over the course of 30 minutes and then had a long dinner, but the staff was really nice and accommodating the whole time. We started with the Poutine (amazing) and the Blue Balls (giggle-worthy). The sandwich portions were enormous...sharing the food is the way to go so you leave a little more room to sample the great beer selection.Great experience at the Blind Pig! Food was delicious, beer menu was on key, and the bartender/server was a super nice guy! The vibe was great and relaxing. Will definitely be returning!My boyfriend and I come here on a weekly basis. The staff is super friendly & I love their chicken sandwich. Both the thanksgiving balls and the blue balls are delicious too! Highly recommend this place!I think this may have become one of my favorite places in Philly. The services was great and it has a GREAT bottle beer list. My friend and I tried the Thanksgiving Balls and they were incredible. The menu is funky and offers many different dishes. I cannot wait to go back!Mmm, balls. The thanksgiving balls are amazing. Try it out, you'll be talking about balls for the coming weeks! Love this place, it has never let me down. The selection of beers is extensive, and the food and service has always been great! I will most definitely be a returning customer, again and again.This is an awesome spot to day-drink on a Saturday afternoon. They have a pretty awesome beer selection and a really fun menu.The bartender was really attentive and friendly, and the food was excellent. Not sure how this place is on a Friday or Saturday night, but as far as a spot to day-drink on a weekend, this place is legit. Minus one star for a lack of vegan options on the menu.Our group of seven people came here after being turned away by a few restaurants (we didn't have reservations anywhere).  We called ahead and they advised that they were able to accommodate us.  The place was very busy and it took a little bit of time for us to get our drinks and food, but overall the experience was very enjoyable.  
They have an extensive drinks menu of both cocktails and beers.  Some beers come in cans and others are draft.  Their food is really good- I tried the Thanksgiving Balls (it's exactly as you imagine it- turkey, mashed potatoes rolled into a ball and deep fried, and served with gravy and cranberry sauce) and the Arugula salad.  As my entree, I had the pulled pork sandwich with the potato salad.  The sandwich could've used a little more coleslaw but it was still very tasty. 
The ambiance is very laid back, kinda has a rustic vibe.  If you're looking for a good time in an environment that's casual, I'd recommend the Blind Pig.This place has excellent beer selections and I also haven't had anything on their menu I didn't love! The bartenders are great, service is always fast and fun! I really like their pulled pork sandwich! It's a great bar to grab a bite to eat and watch the game. The hanging lights outside make it very inviting! Def a great spot in northern liberties!I came in here with some friends mid afternoon and owners happened to be behind the bar! Friendliest people of all time and the food is great (although I didn't eat this time) they have a burger with pulled pork on it which is good. Also the most important part ;) : great drafts ! Come here for good people and good foodIf you like gourmet comfort food then The Blind Pig is the place for you. Their menu is small but everything on it is very hearty and filling. The Cubano sandwich is basically two meals. And definitely try their signature dish: Thanksgiving Balls - turkey and stuffing wrapped in mashed potatoes and deep fried with gravy and cranberry sauce for dipping - OMG, so good.
If you're dieting or a vegetarian, then this is probably not your kind of joint. If you like a stick-to-your-ribs meal washed down with some great craft beer then go to the Blind Pig.Went for happy hour tonight.  Tried the root 'beer' and enjoyed it.  Wings were good, not great, nachos were excellent and the quesadilla yummy.  Nice atmosphere and vibe.  Staff is friendly and efficient.I joined Michelle C. and a few others after the Northern Liberties Shopping Spree.  The poutine is definitely wear its at.  The fries were perfectly crispy, the melty cheese curds were creamy and salty, and the gravy was very tasty.  The Thanksgiving balls were okay.  I appreciate the concept, but there was too much breading.  They tasted good though, and I probably ate one of them because I was starving.  The quesadilla was disappointing.  I would think a chorizo quesadilla would be awesome, but it was kind of bland.  The short rib gravy fries were good, but needed some cheese or something.  The beer list was decent, and the atmosphere is really great.  I would go back to try some of the specials and entrees.Not bad, but there is room for improvement.  
Drinks: Pretty good draft list that included by personal fave, the Ommegang Hennepin.  There is also an extensive beer in a can list and some good cocktail choices.  I sampled my friend's delicious and refreshing Lime Rickey - perfect summer drink of vodka & lime served up in a mason jar. 
Food:  The Thanksgiving Balls: stuffing, mashed potatoes and turkey rolled into a ball and fried.  Crispy on the outside, delicious on the inside, served with sides of gravy and cranberry sauce.  Then there's the poutine: a nice big serving of fries drenched in gravy and cheese curds. YUM....so glad I can get this a few blocks from my house without travelling to Canada. 
Then there was the other food.  I had the pulled pork sandwich.  As soon as I picked it up, it fell apart.  The bottom of the bun was sliced too thin  and the sauce had completely soaked through.  The meat just fell through the mushy bun.  I had to eat it with a fork.  Also the sauce was too sweet for my liking.  It could have been tangier, but the pork itself was tender and cooked well.  The Veggie Spaetzle: my friend ordered this and I tried it.  Not good.  The spaetzle part of it was ok, but it was just too jam packed with crunchy veggies. Crunchy veggies + spaetzle is not a good mix. 
Service: good overall, but confusing at first.  Three different people tried to give us water/take our drink orders.  We explained that this was being taken care of by someone else to which the waitress replied "we work as a team here".  Ok, that's great, but you might want to coordinate your efforts a little better so your customers don't have person after person asking if they want some water within the first 5 minutes of being seated. 
Right now The Blind Pig is a solid place for drinks & snacks, but they're still a little rough around the edges.I had a perfectly fine time on my first visit to the Blind Pig, though admittedly the reason we went there was because the place is usually not crowded. Good beer list and our waiter was very attentive.
My second visit was as part of the group described in an earlier review by Rachael S, in which the bartender/waitstaff tried to give us cheap whiskey instead of the rye we ordered. I've never had an experience like this, and what bothered me most was their response.
Let's say for the sake of argument that the three whiskey drinkers in our group were collectively delusional and mistaken in believing that they were given the wrong whiskey after they tasted it. Was it really the best idea for the bartender (who we found out was the owner) to come to our table with the bottle and argue with us? If they had just taken back the drinks and sent out a second round, we would have paid with a smile and forgotten the whole thing. But it became a confrontational and uncomfortable situation thanks to the owner, who went out of her way to try and make us feel stupid and turn it into a debate. Then, of course, my friend's later interactions with her made it even worse. We weren't looking to start trouble. The whole thing was incredibly unnecessary and made us all feel like we needed to get out of there as soon as humanly possible.The beer selection is great.  The thanksgiving balls are even better.  Great place to watch a game.Bars open.  Bars close.  It's like a more alcoholic version of the circle of life.  Hakunamata.   
But sometimes a place opens and you know it's gonna hit.  This is one of those places.  It's destined to be known citywide, probably not by name but by 'oh yeah, the place with the Thanksgiving balls, right?'.  
A Thanksgiving ball is exactly what it sounds like; Thanksgiving, in ball form, deep fried.  If you don't like them, you're either a communist or a Frenchman, possible both.  They're that American.  Bonus points to whoever just labeled them as 'balls' on our bill.
The owners were there when we went, and they were super friendly.  They came out, chatted with the patrons about food, beer, and whatnot. 
There are a lot of little details about the bar that show some real thought was put into it.  Table wine comes in regular glasses, not wine glasses (as anyone who has ever seen the Godfather knows is proper).  There's a list of canned beers, but no bottled beers, so you get an interesting selection that's different from the usual local suspects.  Good stuff.
Go here.  Eat balls.  Drink beer.I've been here at least 5 times. Every item on their menu puts a twist on a classic "American" dish and has tasted great.
Against Doctor's Orders - actually a must-try burger!
Thanksgiving balls - uniquely Blind Pig; also a must-try.
Poutine - classic poutine done well. Excellent fries. Cheese curds can be a little larger than usual.
Dirty fries - I love their fries. Gravy makes them better. 
Kobe sliders (special) - simple sliders, juicy and tasty patties.The Blind Pig is a great local spot that's perfect for someone who likes a lowkey and comfortable atmosphere with great food and drinks. The owners make this place feel like you're hanging with your friends in your own living room. 
The specials change frequently and are always delicious. The menu standbys like the poutine and the balls are OUTSTANDING if you're in the mood for comfort food. They have lighter fare if you're looking for a fresh salad, hummus plate, etc. They rotate different versions of spaetzle - the pork one is out of this world.
The beer list is extensive - they clearly value a good variety of brews. You can get a glass of wine or a cocktail, as well, which isn't as easy at some of the beer-heavy places in the area.
Overall, Blind Pig is my go-to for pretty much any type of night. Weekday dinner, Friday night drinks and appetizers, Sunday brunch, you name it. Seeing these great owners run a successful restaurant makes me more than happy to spend a significant number of nights at The Blind Pig in the future.I love The Blind Pig.  It's easily one of my top 5 favorite bars in Philly.  It was #1 for a long time, but now I just know too many to decide which is really on top.
The biggest reason I love this place is because they introduced me to Cider Boys.  This immediately became one of my favorite hard ciders and once it went off tap at the Pig I put a lot of effort into finding new places to get it.
But even without Cider Boys The Blind Pig seems to always have a cider on tap and they have a huge bottle/can list that includes multiple ciders.  They also introduced me to Jack's Helen Blend... amazing.  The number of great ciders this place has introduced to me is enough to give it high marks, but they also have some really good food.
I can't lie that I've had varying experiences with the food here, but it's never been bad.  At worst I've had some dishes that could use a little more seasoning, but I've also had plenty that I loved.  One of the favorites was actually the felafel which isn't something I get very often.  Their poutine was also one of the best.
I guess I'll just always like this place.  The bartenders have always been nice and I've had a few good conversations with them.  It's also a nice looking building, not too big not too small and a really great selection.
Good job Blind Pig!
(By the way the Bourbon and Branch across the street is also great.... so this is one of my favorite spots in Northern LibertiPretty cool bar/pub on 2nd street.  When you walk in, you're immediately at the bar area, which is on the right and stretches into the back of the bar.
They have two TVs that outline both ends of the bar, and my friend and I sat at the front end.  There's a dining room behind a wall to the left, and it looked pretty nice, as well as a few outdoor tables.  The bartender was cool - she chatted with us and many other patrons that were sitting there.  There's a huge beer list here which is fantastic - a few on draft, but so many cans.  Cans on cans on cans.
It's an interesting restaurant because I guess they're supposed to be German-themed, but their menu contains limited German options and entrees from all over the globe.  Jack of trades, master of none.  There's poutine, to Cubano sandwiches, to falafels, to spaetzles.  There are only two real options, besides a salad, for vegetarians - the falafel and the veggie spaetzle.  I asked the bartender which one was better and she raved about the falafel and said it's one of the best ever.
So, based on her recommendation, I opted for that.  However, it was extremely underwhelming!  For starters, their falafel balls are completely dry with no real flavor to them, making the sandwich itself pretty dry.  Tzatziki sauce, where are you?  There was barely any tzatziki in the sandwich to help give it some juice.  The sandwich was also lacking in veggies - some of the lettuce and tomato seemed to have not make the cut.  I was essentially eating a pita bread, wrapped around a few falafel balls and light on the veggies.  I got the fries instead of the salad and they were pretty good.  Now I have to go back and try the veggie spaetzle.
My friend loved his burger - simple, but he said it tasted awesome (medium-rare, I believe).
Overall, it's a solid spot to grab some beers and they do have some unique things on the menu to try (meat-eaters, looking at you).Delicious all the food was great thanksgiving balls are better than the blue balls and the pork chop is to die for our waiter was the best and come to find out one of the owners definitely a must tryWe have been trying some different restaurants in Northern Liberties and last night we landed at the Blind Pig. It was a warmer late October night and the restaurant opened its big front windows. The restaurant itself is smaller with a clean and rustic feel. The lights are pretty cool with punches pig outlines in the metal shades. The place is inviting.
There is a longer bar and the Blind Pig has a small but nice draft beer selection. The do have a huge canned beer menu. We ordered Arugula Salad with arugula, poached apples, bacon, and pickled onions in lemon lager vinaigrette. This salad was simple but it had nice flavors and the dressing was very good. We shared this for 2 people and it was just right.
Lamb Sliders -three sliders served with diced onions, pickles, and 
Topped with a smoked paprika aioli; with French fries. I really like the sliders. The ingredients worked well together. This is not a large dish so if your hungry, go with a main course. Crispy Skin Salmon- broiled and served with baby bok choy, wasabi mashed potatoes, and a soy ginger sauce. This had a lot subtle favors and the wasabi-mashed potatoes were really good with a nice wasabi kick. For desert we had the Banana Peanut Butter bread pudding. I think this was slightly over cooked, as it was just a bit dry.  It needed ice cream to make it killer but it still was pretty darn good.
The portion size at the Blind Pig was also good. They were a good size for us and we left feeling satisfied without feeling stuffed. On this night they were short staffed but the servers did a great job anyway and the food came out very fast.Had the great pleasure of meeting David (chef) last night as my friend and I were sitting outside. Super friendly, loved talking about his Thanksgiving Balls and how people love to eat his balls. 
I only wish there wasn't as much focus on canned beer and more focus on a larger draft list.
I will definitely be back!
They still don't accept credit cards, so cash only for nowWe are me to the area and the owners welcomed us with open arms. We feel very comfy there and love the food. Great stop we are frequent flyers.While searching for a place to eat on a Monday night we came across The Blind Pig. Read some quick reviews, all which seemed very satisfying so we were excited to go. Well, I would say The Blind Pig was more of a blindside for us because we were very let down. 
For starters we were the only two people in the entire establishment during happy hour. We should have turned around then, but decided to stay. We were greeted by the bartender who told us to sit wherever. The place itself is very nice. Very dim, with string lights hung and wooden tables. The atmosphere is definitely providing a star for me. My husband ordered a beer, our waiter came back and told us they were out of it. My husband then ordered another beer, AGAIN our waiter came back and told us they did not have that either. So he ended up drinking a High Life. We got the wings for a starter. They came out looking really good, but with just one bite I really had no idea what kind of flavor they were going for. Didn't taste like wings, almost tasted like turkey? Super weird. Not the worst I've ever had, but the sauce was pretty bland as well. 
For entrees my husband ordered the spaetzle which tasted like something you could drunkenly make in your kitchen one night with little thought. It was also really dry, just overall not good. I went for the salmon dish and although the presentation looked great it was really just an OK meal. The wasabi mash it came with was also kind of disappointing. -- We were probably only there for over an hour and our waiter went outside to smoke three times. Atleast go out back? Not directly outfront of the window we are looking out. Overall I don't think we will be back.All beers are in cans, cool concept because you get to try some beers that aren't regulars in the philly scene.  The day I went the bartender was super friendly and knew a ton about beer.  It's a family place, and you can tell they care about their business.  Their food was also surprisingly good.  Don't let the name "Blind Pig" fool you.  There are plenty of veggie options as well!My wife and I checked this place out the other night for some drinks and dinner. We liked it a lot. First off, the staff, which was basically just the various owners of the place were super nice. The one thing I can't stand about Nolibs is the terrible attitude hipster servers have if your not one of them. Did not get that vibe with this place at all. 
Beer selection was decent. They also have a huge can list. Not a big fan of cans, so I don't really get that, but the draft list was fine. 
We weren't terribly hungry so we just ordered the thanksgiving balls and lamb sliders. The thanksgiving balls were great. The gravy was a little thin for my liking but it all worked together. The lamb sliders were good too. Juicey and flavorful.
Since we live in the neighborhood we will be back often. Good vibe to the placeI enjoyed the food here(pork chop was good) but the service was lacking. Came in around 9pm with my boyfriend and the bartender was kinda off putting at first. While she did make some jokes, and tried to be friendly when we were walking or the door, we sat for 20-30 minutes without a drink, no one asking us if we needed another one(which we did). Finally we asked for the check after they ignored us forever (or forgot we were there). But we got our second round across the street. I know people have bad days and all. But it's kinda hard to ignore someone for that long without thinking you should offer a drink or a check.This place is absolutely delicious! Great music, service, and food. I recommend the chicken & pork chop entree. I always sub the sweet potato hash for my side because it is so tasty. It has a gravy sauce and ground lamb meat mixed in with the chopped sweet potato. They lamb sliders are to die for and the presentation is beautiful. Great beer selection, you won't regret drinking or eating here! YUMMYIt's quite fitting the name really.  Blind pig.  I say this because in Northern Liberties, you would just need to look around.  A seemingly endless array of pubs who sling fancy beers and gussy up their menu.  Adding yet another gastrowhatever into the mix seems rather daft.
A cheeseburger with overall shape of a grapefruit was good, albeit not remarkable, much like the rest of No Libs.  Really, I'd have a hard time deciding which burger would be the best in the area due to that fact.  The poutine tasted well, but with a gravy too thin and so then the fries had an early submerged grave, bloated and waterlogged for the most part.
The TV's are large, easy to view, and it's sports season.  Also, if you order a Narraganset from the Irishman, you'll receive a tidbit.  Its appeal to you depends on how much you like sharks.Lamb sliders.  That's all you really need to know. Simple, seasoned and cooked perfectly. That and apparently the T-day balls (I didn't order them bc I hadn't done my research on yelp before I went).  
The place was great, canned beer list, great food, friendly service.  The place lives up to its name, lots of pork on the menu.  Small menu, but quite tasty.
Another great place eat in NoLibs, definitely worth a stop in.  I will go there again-Especially if they do brunch!!If you're a guy having "big balls" is a good thing.  Well I had them tonight and they were absolutely delicious.  Yikes does that sound strange!  Actually, as everyone is saying, Thanksgiving Balls is clearly the signature appetizer here.  I was surprised that they had a lighter texture than I expected.  These globes of glorious flavors are really a must when you visit here.
The lovely wife and I both had sandwiches.  I had the Cubano and she had a chicken salad that she said was outstanding.  They both came with fries.  They were tasty but very dark and somewhat limp.  If I were the owners I work on that a bit.  Expect a sandwich with a side to be about $10.00.  
If you are a craft beer person you'll be happy here.  I certainly took advantage of it and the prices are fair.
The service was super.  This is a family run place and several members stopped by to check on us.  For us this will be a very easy place to visit again for great gastro pub food.Found this place by googling "poutine philadelphia." Went to go try the poutine they had on the menu, and I was impressed! It had surprisingly decent poutine for a non-Quebec restaurant.I was pretty stoked to check out the Blind Pig. I really was. 
I saw chorizo quesadillas on their menu and read a little about their Thanksgiving Balls and it was on. I grabbed a friend and made a spontaneous stop here after work. 
I honestly believe there is good here. Seriously. I was unfortunately denied it during this visit. 
We sat at the bar. Things started out okay. We got beers and the beginnings of some banter with the bartender. We ordered two apps, they arrived, we went to work. 
A party of four young men arrived and took residence at an adjacent part of the bar. The bartender went into salutation and introduction mode with the newly arrived party. His level of enthusiasm and vigor was notably greater than that with which he greeted us. Hmmm....It soon became apparent why. 
He had been expecting these fellows. They were there to meet and discuss business, the details of which I didn't particularly gain nor did I care to. From what little conversation was inescapably overheard, the genesis of some potential endeavor among the quintet was evident.
Interested in a couple of entree orders for the night dear sir, or must I wave you down and beg? 
Ever notice the sound an empty can makes when it is set upon a solid surface? It's unmistakeable. Surely you'll ask me if I need another beer after fifteen minutes. No? Twenty maybe? 
From the moment those gentlemen arrived, we were essentially ignored for the remainder of our stay. I got the perfunctory "How is it?" when I was finishing my sandwich and itching to settle up and leave, but that was it. 
Enough harping for a moment:
Location: Aces, of course. Outdoor seating.
Inside: Looks great. Dark woods. Looks comfy and clean. I can attest to the presence of a baby-changing table in at least one of the two bathrooms. You don't see that every day.
Beers: The can thing is alright, Percy Street pulls it off to a degree. I struggled a bit with my choices here, I'm not gonna lie. But hey, a couple of Sixpoints and a bevy of IPAs keeps most of the public happy, right?
There was a really nice Brown Ale on tap. Good stuff.
Food: The chorizo quesadillas were the best part of my meal. They were great. I would have (and should have) asked for a second order.
Thanksgiving Balls? I'll give them an 'A' for creativity, but they're really no big deal. You can't really taste the turkey. It's more like a spherical knish than anything else. All potato. It's going to be one of those things people have to just say they've had it....like a Jim's steak. 
I had the Cubano sandwich. Eh. I've had so many mediocre Cuban sandwiches, what's one more? It wasn't bad, per se, but it wasn't great. It was solely perceived hunger and will which got me through the second half of it.
My buddy had the lamb sliders. I didn't try them. They looked good. He said they were.
All in all, the food was okay. You can readily find the equivalent in many other places. 
As I said earlier, I know there is good here, like Luke Skywalker gazing upon his sinister father with hope. I don't doubt some of the more positive reviews. The thing that killed it for us on this occasion was the service. I'm easy to please and I never expect to be treated like royalty, but bartender-dude totally fucked us. 
We finished our apps and were looking to order entrees and sat ignored. We had to excuse him from his conversation more than once to get beers. The kitchen signaled twice that our food was ready, someone else eventually wound up bringing it out. The bartender looked surprised when he saw us with our entrees with a body language and expression that read, "oh wow, I must have missed that..." (Yes, he was the one running food to the bar. He brought us our apps and the other bar-seated patrons their entrees.)
All the while, he's less than four feet away from us making nice with his new friends. We didn't once get his name, nor he ours. 
I hope they're not pinning their success on those Thanksgiving Balls, I saw an awful lot of "Balls"-related merchandise for sale behind the bar. Lots of luck gentlemen and/or ladies. 
I realize we probably got the short end of the stick, but give enough people that kind of service and you truly are blind. How fattened this pig ever becomes we'll just wait and see. 
P.S. - The bill came handwritten on one of those pads like the ones waitresses use at a diner instead of on an itemized, computer-printed receipt. Odd. 
Whatever.....next!The Original Sin Cider... wins the award for best cider I've ever had, dry and full of flavor. Also, wasabi mashed potatoes?! Need I really say more? Divine. As were the french fries. This place is intimate, swanky, unique, and you definitely know there's some talent in the kitchen. When in Philly, this bar/restaurant is definitely a must-go-to.Gator sandwich is the best. Nothing like the crappy gator they serve in FL (theyre smarter and add pork to the mix). Gumbo when its a special. Half price mussels on mondays are a steal. Pigalotta drink is necessary when its available.Monday nights are quizzo and they get quiet the crowd for it. Servers are friendly and on their toes. Bartenders are awesome. Some times you can catch the owner behind the bar and she's super friendly. Food is delicious! Turkey balls: turkey and mash potatoes deep fried with a side of gravy and cranberry...wow! My favorite is the pulled pork spaetzle. My only wish is they would change up the menu more often. It's always the same thingsFood was not as good as expected and the place was dead. One other customer and the bartender in the whole place. No music or TV. This is 9PM on a Tuesday night? Maybe just a bad night in general. I will try again.POUTINE!  It is pretty rare to find poutine in the area, and after looking around finally got my chance to try it.  I am not sure how The Blind Pig's poutine (fries, brown gravy, and cheese curds) compares to places in Canada and the poutine elite, but I thought it was great, and definitely the best thing that I ate there.  
The pulled pork was a bit disappointing, especially from a place with "pig" in it's name.  No smoke flavor, large chunks of pork that were still sort of tough, and not nearly enough cole slaw on the sandwich.  The potato salad was ok.
Service was friendly, but slow.  Atmosphere was dark, quiet, with a friendly neighborhood vibe.My go to spot in the northern liberties. Restaurants come and go, but Blind Pig sells Gator Sausages and Roast Pork Sandwiches.Yum, Yum, Yum!!! This place gets five stars and it's brand new (a rare occurrence!). 
We ordered the lamb sliders, mussels in the applewood smoked bacon broth, and of course, the Thanksgiving balls (a must try!). First, the Thanksgiving balls- turkey, stuffing, and mashed potatoes  rolled in to a tennis-ball-size, battered and fried, served alongside two dipping sauces- gravy and cranberry sauce! You get two per order and they are perfect for sharing. 
Next up, the mussels. Everything you love about mussels are in this bowl. The broth was excellent and, the owner, John, brought me more bread to savor every drop possible! Can't wait to try the other broth they offered. 
The lamb sliders are simple and delicious, too. Really- everything was awesome here. 
I love the cans (no bottles here, folks), too! They even give you handles for your cans! No more warm cans of beer for us!
Definitely give this place a try if you're in Northern Liberties!Probably one of the best meals we've had this summer. Not only were we able to sit outside on a beautiful night, but we also had great beer and food. The falafel was incredible; just spicy enough. The thanksgiving balls were amazing, as were the poutine and the Kobe sliders. All in all wonderful place and we'll definitely be visiting again soon!Great beer selection and the staff is cool. We got the Poutine which was soso and the t balls which were ok. Chicken croquet in a ball shape. The dinners were standard fare but not special. Cuban was decent. I was not blown away by the food but it was not bad. Good location. Good prices. Great beer.Came
Here for a late lunch and the Place is amazing ! Food is amazing! We got the falafel,gumbo, doctors orders pulled pork sandwich,beet salad all Was amazing! Very personable great atmosphere! Good music great beer selection! I'm from Jersey and would make the 2 hour ride back! Defiantly recommend this place to all
Friends !Great quizzo on Monday night! Deb's the best. She's the owner and so sweet. Definitely my favorite bar in NoLibs.Love love loved the poutine! Their main dishes were surprisingly good and considerably large. Impressed with the salmon and wasabi mashed potatoes! Even better than some big name franchise restaurants I've ever been. 
Thanksgiving balls were so-so. Wouldn't order those again however, many rave over the balls so I guess it all depends on the person and your craving for stuffing! 
So surprised to have seen loco moco on their menu! First time I've seen it on any restaurants in Philadelphia! Made sure the ingredients were legit and it is! Sunny side up egg on top of a beef patty over a bed of rice drizzled with gravy! Yum! Going to have to try it next time. It better be good for $14! After eating loco moco (for half the price) every day in Hawaii I wouldn't mind paying the amount. The chef apparently got the idea when they went on vacation to hawaii so I'm hoping its just as legit. Can't wait to go back!Came here for dinner on a Saturday night, and the place wasn't too crowded. We ordered some drinks, burgers, and lamb sliders. 
The lamb sliders were relatively small, and came with soggy small portions of fries. The patty was also seasoned awkwardly, so not only did I finish hungry, it was not too enjoyable. 
Their burger though, had a juicy patty cooked to perfection with a soft white, almost biscuit-like bread. Definitely a fuller and better meal. 
Although their food is worth 3 stars, their place is filled with the friendliest and most attentive servers. With 5 star service, this place gets a 4.Nice small place. Food is amazing, beer selection is good. Only weird thing was they had one person doing everything so service was a tad slow. Was still a nice little place with a cozy atmosphere.Here during festival - the oyster sandwich for $12 was lackluster. Way to much mustard- all you could taste- even overwhelmed the bacon. They need to rethink that. The rubarb cocktail was pretty good- a keeper . 
Server good-  if overwhelmed.Been anxiously awaiting my first visit the the former home of the dumpling throwdown.  I think we have a winner w/ Blind Pig.  Sat outside, which is always nice.  11 p.m. on a Thursday night, too, which is nice to find real food and service at this hour. (note: kitchen only open until 10 as of late.)  Great beer list; with a few choice items not commonly found in the area.  Checked the blackboard for specials (thank you for including prices on the specials board!)  Dirty fries?  With short ribs and au jus doing the dirty work?  Yes, please!  Really, I could have made a meal of this, along w/ a side salad.  Wished I had a spoon or hunk of Carangi's for the left over sauce.  Next up, mussels and a Cuban.  Mussels were very tasty, but I was really into the Cuban.  Living in Tampa for almost 20 years, I've eaten a lot of Cubanos.  A LOT of them.  BP did not serve it on authentic Cuban bread (but the fresh, crunchy Ciabatta was a fine alternate....and thank you for subbing a side salad instead of more fries)  What set this Cubano apart from the hundreds I've had before was the ham.  Fresh carved hunks of juicy ham, along with fresh pulled pork...it was amazing!  I can honestly say I've never had a Cuban with real fresh ham in it.  Definite winner.  Great service, dog friendly...will be back soon and often!I wanted to go to the Blind Pig for a celebration of an important milestone in my life because they had poutine on the menu, and because the menu looked really good. It was everything I hoped for, and much more.
The food is delicious and the servings are very generous. My much-anticipated poutine was fantastic -- the cheese curds were made at a local dairy, and the serving was enough to satisfy four people as a starter. My burger was great, as were the chorizo quesadillas. One of us ordered the Cubano, and it was so huge he couldn't finish it, and he is someone who can eat huge quantities of food. 
We also had the Thanksgiving Balls, Korean spare ribs (a special of the day) and Brussels sprouts sauteed in rice wine vinegar with bacon bits (also a special). Everything was well-prepared and super delicious. 
Although we would go back just for the food, we would also go back because we were treated so graciously while we were there. One of the owners took our orders and was friendly in a real way, not just the server-type friendliness you get when you're in a restaurant. He gave me a sample of a beer I had asked about, and answered all our questions about the food with helpful information.
Another owner came over to our table when we had finished our mains and I happened to mention that we were there for a celebration. A few minutes later she came out to offer me poached pears with vanilla ice cream, on the house, as a treat for my special day. I was amazed!
We got there just when they opened, because we had a baby with us and wanted to be there before the crowds came. There was another table that had a toddler with them. This place is definitely kid-friendly, at the appropriate time. 
All in all, the Blind Pig is a great place for the food and very kind hosts.There was no cheese in my blue balls! After reading about the blue balls I was thrilled when I saw them as a special the other night. They put them down, I smiled, cut in and I could barely find any cheese. Devesting. Because of that, they were seriously disappointing. 
Luckily, the rest of the meal was tasty. I had been to the blind pig once before when they first opened and they have obviously worked out some kinks since then. The poutine was delicious! There fries alone are really great. Then, we got the lamb slides. YUM! Perfect size, the pickle was great and the bun was light and delicious. 
Honestly, the winner of the night for me was their special drink called the "root barrel" If you love rootbeer, get this. I think it was root liqour, ginger beer and something else that I can't remember but wow...delicious.
All in all, pretty good but nothing special.My first visit to the Blind Pig was only a week or so into their existence, and I wanted to give them another shot.  There have definitely been improvements, but it's still not the revelation I was hoping for.
Our server was friendly and very pleasant, and the drink special we got, mostly Root liquor and ginger beer, was fantastic (repeatedly!).
- The Poutine: Pure heaven in a giant, giant bowl.  I will be happy to eat this again, and likely again and again after that.  Delicious fries, crispy and perfectly salty, an excellent fry-to-gravy ratio... just an excellent poutine.
- Bleu Balls: Way too much mashed potato, all of the other flavors were completely drowned out.  There was a hint of bleu cheese and a totally reasonable amount of short rib... but the mashed just overwhelmed everything.  Maybe if the bleu had been mixed into the potato this would have been more what I was expecting, but it was just bland with the lack of cheese and ton of mashed.
- Lamb Sliders: These were absolutely good.  The small sliders keep the meat from getting dry, the onions and pickle gave it some pep, and the little brioche was both cute and tasty.  I just don't think I can go so far as to call them 'great.'
But the Blind Pig has a lot going for it.  It's in a great spot, it's got a great name and ambiance, the waitstaff has been really nice, and some of their dishes have been delicious (poutine!).My girlfriend and I walked in to this pace grab dinner about 45 min after it opened at 5pm. The restaurant and bar were empty, as you would expect it to be right when they are unlocking the door. When we sat down it was dead inside, besides the mid '90s rock music in the background. We both figured the cold state of the restaurant would put us in a position to get the freshest top shelf food they had in the kitchen. Boy, were we wrong. My girlfriend got the veggie spaetzle and I ordered the chicken sandwich. Our food was either bland or weirdly disproportionately sized. Her order was oddly gray for a plate that, ordered in any other good restaurant in the area, would be bursting with color and steeped flavor. It came to her as bland and beige, with little to no flavor besides the starchiness of the pasta. My sandwich came with neon orange aioli and a piece of chicken that was not only stringy and tasteless but took up only 40-50% of the ciabatta roll it was on. It was so dowsed with aioli that I was not able to take a piece of the chicken when I bit down because it was slipping all over the roll. When I was able to get a chunk of the entirety of the sandwich in one bite, it just tasted of mediocre grilled chicken and excess aioli got all over my face. All in all, the food experience wasn't so great. Im not sure what happened to our meals with all the great views this place has gotten, but our experience can be summed up in one word......bland.For my birthday dinner, we decided to try Blind Pig.  What a cozy little gem!  I had some birthday money so we got appetizers, beer, and entrees.  (I wanted dessert too but I think they need to work on making their desserts sound more appetizing.  "Butter cake" was not calling out to me.)
Other than that I was pretty impressed with everything else.  Server was attentive and quick, despite having several tables seated at once.  This was probably due to the great teamwork (two other people came to our table to check on us, refill drinks and take away plates).  The chorizo quesadilla was bursting with spicy flavors, and the salsa was the perfect cool complement.  
I ordered my burger Medium and it was closer to medium rare, but still juicy and delicious.  And HUGE!  It came on a brioche bun which was fluffy and flaky.  BF got the Cubano.  We both had half a sandwich and a handful of fries for leftovers.
Also, tap selection was awesome!  The Prism Insana Stout was flavorful and smooth.Best spot in NoLibs! Seriously.. my hubby and I go here at least once or twice a week. Their food is delicious, especially the pork spetzle, herb roasted chicken and the mussels. The bartenders are great and super personable. We love this place!Very cute spot, excellent and friendly service, very appealing menu. The food wasn't the best I've ever had but it was fairly good and the cozy atmosphere makes up for it! Thanksgiving balls were awesome and there is a great beer list.I've been to Blind Pig 3 times now, and each experience was great.
The first time was for their soft opening private event.  It was the first week they were open and everything was really delicious.  They came by and asked if we had any questions or comments, and they took notes!  
The 2nd time was with a larger group of people and we sat at the large table in the back (a great table).  I didn't order much except beer since I had already eaten dinner, but service was good and my friend enjoyed the fried oyster sandwich and the thanksgiving balls (my fave).
A total of 6 of us visited the Bling Pig last weekend and it was fantastic.  They reserved us the "Gordon Ramsey" table!  The service was impeccable, and it was like the staff were our family members.  Really respectable yet laid back.  It's the perfect atmosphere to just kick back a few quality beers and munch on "balls" and poutine.  Their mussels were great and I am in love with their fries. 
The canned beers come with little plastic handles, which helps in keeping your beer colder longer (since your hands aren't wrapped around them).  
Oh! Before I forget, the chef's own BACON JAM was awesome. It came with a cheese plate, and while cheese normally is the star of this plate, we were sucking down that bacon jam.
Sometimes the bar has a stash of local beef jerky (like gourmet slim jims).  They are awesome... and sometimes they have the spicy one.  OMG.  
If you haven't been there yet, you have to check it out.  I mean... Gordon Ramsey came from London to eat there (and also to film).  So should you.I try this place every now and again just to see if I'll like it any better, but i've still remained relatively unimpressed.   
Neither the bar or the tables are frequently crowded, so it is a good place to eat if you're not looking to wait.  Service was mediocre; helpful enough, but not entirely attentive.  Drink selection is decent, about what you'd expect from a neighborhood bar, but they do have an interesting assortment of canned beers available.
They do indeed have Poutine and blue balls, which are fine and good, but I'm personally not a huge fan (nor of beer from cans), so I otherwise don't see a large draw to come here for the prices (not exactly cheap).Another fabulous pick for the weekly Fishtown Beer run. The Blind Pig has major balls- and by balls I mean Thanksgiving balls! Your favorite holiday meal- Turkey, wrapped in mashed potatos, stuffing and rolled into panco covered balls, Served with a side of cranberry and gravy! This is genius! The chicken sandwhich and beet salad were just as yummy. The staff was plesant and very accomodating to our large group of 52 runners. The beer selection was fab including the fancy little can handles they attach to your can so that you don't have warm up your cold beverage with your warm hands. I'll be sure to return for more ball goodness as the waitress told us the chef plans to play around with his balls by creating some other masterpieces such as Blue balls (steak and gorganzola). I'm excited to see what other kinds of balls he produces!The staff is very friendly and the Poutine reminds me of growing up in Montreal!Laid back. Delicious comfort food. How can you go wrong?
This place was delicious. We had thanksgiving dinner balls- which were actually turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, and gravy all fried together. 
NOT TO MENTION- they had my most favorite beer on tap- Yards Love Stout. One of the best low key places in Philly I have been to that hasn't had a total foodie vibe. I felt comfortable and the food was great.Went with some friends after reading about top bars in NoLib. This place was great! The wings were perfect. Minimis l sauce but all the flavor. Not sure how they do that but they were the best wings i had in philly. The Thanksgiving balls were crazy! They were huge and tasted like thanksgiving dinner. Poutine was excellent! Alligator sausage sandwich was perfect! Little spice and not overwhelming alligator flavor but enough to know its the main attraction. My wife got the carmel sea salt bread pudding. It was so good! Check this place out a worthy stop!Maybe I don't understand this place. Is this a bar, where you're lucky to get food? Or a restaurant, with lots of beer? I don't get it. The menu is basically burgers, sandwiches, fries.  Everything tastes heavy, greasy, over fried, too much bread, too much grease, no taste.  Poutine is heavy, greasy, too salty. I ordered a beer and it came in a can. No glass to pour it in, felt like a prude asking for one.  The last I drank out of a can was 15 years ago. What am I missing? Nice ambience for drinks (beer), but the atmosphere is more like a restaurant. So what do you come here for? Fried sandwiches and bar food? I don't get it. Just not my type of place I guess.Wow. I guess we may have been just  spoiled by having a great burger place around the corner from us in old city, Prime Stache but now that we've moved we were hoping we could find something comparable in Northern Lib. Well, it was definitely not The Blind Pig.  Flavorless  undercooked wings followed by burgers that were raw slabs of unseasoned chop meat. Hope there are better offerings in the neighborhood.My friend had her birthday here and couldn't stop raving about how well the owners (a husband and wife) treated her. The owners stopped by a couple times to make sure we were doing OK and they even sent her a birthday cake shot. The beers were great but my friend and I joked about how they were running out of beers so fast, so they should just tell us what they have left instead (OK, it was funnier after 2 beers in). Some of the food we ordered: poutine, mussels, lamb sliders, burger with bacon, Thanksgiving balls, and strawberry & banana bread pudding. Everything was quite salty, which is usually not for me, but it was still very tasty. The poutine was my first and it was good but I could only have a certain amount. The mussels smelled amazing and there was a lot of it! My boyfriend had the burger who enjoyed it but he liked my lamb sliders which were very flavorful. My only gripe was that there were only 3 of them and for $11, I was hoping for at least 4. The Thanksgiving balls were also just as flavorful but most of it was breading. The strawberry & banana bread pudding was presently nicely but unlike the appetizers and entrees, it was not very flavorful. After a couple bites, it sat untouched. We had a few issues with our bill; first they charged us for a beer that they ran out of and didn't actually serve, then they overcharged our credit card by $20! They were cool about it and corrected it immediately but oh man we would have had a nightmare if we didn't pay detailed attention. Also it was slightly annoying to have to call them over 4 times just to take care of our bill alone. Overall we liked the beers (the ones that were available anyway) and the food was great though the prices were a bit steep. I wouldn't mind coming here again.