Solid breakfast sandwiches. They serve waffles and some other options but I haven't tried them. Also the fruit shakes are made on premises and they are quite popular.I've eaten here with my wife and two daughters a few times.  We live just above Washington, so it's not too far.  What can I say, the food is simple-good, the service top notch and the atmosphere delightfully relaxing.  The owners are super nice and genuinely care about your experience there, as well as the other staff.  You can tell there was a vision when creating this establishment.  Every detail is seemingly addressed.
And they play old-timey music, to boot.
We'll continue to patron this little cafe in Point Breeze.While visiting my daughter in Philadelphia, my wife, son, daughter and went to Tasty Toast for breakfast.  A quiet, unassuming, extremely clean restaurant!  Excellent service!!! Yummy food!!!  One of the best cheese omelette I have ever eaten!  The rest of the family agreed on the service and the food.  AWESOME!  If I get back to Philly, I will make sure to visit here again!This unassuming little cafe was a pleasant surprise. The neighborhood is bland, but once inside the space is cozy. 
The omelettes were huge and full of fresh ingredients and flavor. The coffee was hot and fresh. The service was perfect. and you can't beat the prices. I imagine that the "cash only" policy helps to keep the costs down. Don't worry, an ATM is located inside if you need one.Donna is a sweetheart! The whole staff is amazing and it's wonderful to have such a great diner in the area. From chicken teriyaki (one of my favorites!) to chicken and waffles, tasty toast caters to everyone! I always leave here full and happy! They are super sweet with children too :)!This place was worth the drive. Got the waffle with cookie butter and was in sweet tooth heaven. Want to try their savory items next time we come.A very good local breakfast restaurant nicely priced and as the name states very tasty will definitely come again.Cool place for brunch! I ordered some breakfast platter, and I enjoyed it; the scrambled eggs and omelet stood out because they blended the cheese in very well, so it tasted deliciously creamy. The decor was pleasant and natural, so our group enjoyed a relaxing Sunday brunch before we departed Philadelphia.Got breakfast here. Extremely affordable menu in a clean atmosphere. The owner even sent our table free desert after we had a big breakfast for 6. The servers were real sweet young girls who wanted to make sure they did things right. The omelette I got was cooked like a pocket with the veggies separated from the eggs. Definitely check it out =)We ate before attending the Eagles week 17 game against the Cowboys. This place was in walking distance of the AirBnB we stayed in, so we decided to try it out for breakfast. What a great choice! The atmosphere and environment is modern and feels homey. The food was the best part! I ordered the Scrapple melt, and it tasted better than my Mom's! The eggs were of perfect consistency, and very fluffy. The bread was toasted with butter on a pan, and the scrapple was cooked to perfection. The servers were very courteous and quick with services. If you're craving breakfast/brunch in Philly, you gotta stop in!This review was in consideration of the location, price, and food. 
Location: Tasty Toast is a nice, clean, well-decored spot located in Point Breeze. Though it may not be the prettiest part of the city, this place definitely adds some good light to the area. 
Price. Prices are pretty good. I got chicken and waffles and it was $7.50. Though the prices looks pleasing, I wasn't blown away by the portion given. But I guess you get what you pay so I think it's fair esp in the city. - (I'm a texan, suburbs boy at heart)
Food. The chicken was boneless and katsu style and already cut into strips. They also give you their house honey mustard and it was pretty good. I don't even like honey mustard that much too. And on the same plate you get 4 cut up pieces of waffle. 
They also play nice music! Acoustic, bands, 90s, etc
Overall I'd give 4.5.
Would I recommend? Yes, I'd go again. Esp if i want to get away from the common popular spots in the city.Good little place. Breakfast/Asian fusion. Kinda surprising tbh but potato/potato my wife's Shrimp omelet seamed exactly right, my eggs where good and the hominy was gritty. The green tea matcha was sweet.Tasty toast is a great addition to the neighborhood.  Really friendly owner and staff.  The food was good, nothing crazy on the menu just a solid breakfast and lunch menu.  Egg and cheese sandwiches, freshly baked deserts, and breakfast platters at a great price. I went with the egg/cheese/and bacon on my first visit and definitely will be back again.This place is incredibly affordable and has all of your breakfast  basics and then some. Friendly attentive staff and cute decor.Would give it a 3.5 if possible. Nice setup inside and good service although they seemed a bit scattered at times. The neighborhood however is pretty sketchy as there were often people staring inside and loitering. The food was good but nothing special. The french toast was good the eggs were not that great.Cute little place with great service. Pancakes and eggs were delicious and the prices were good.My boyfriend and I come here about once a week and we love it! My boyfriend always gets the salmon over rice dish. And I have been trying something different every time. I love the breakfast food. The atmosphere is very inviting and carefree. The ingredients are fresh which makes the food so much better. The staff is very friendly and patient. We're never disappointed when we come here!Really good, super friendly staff! Reliable neighborhood spot for a guaranteed good breakfast.My favorite breakfast spot in Philly. Service is spectacular. The place is bright and clean. Good grub. Omelets huge and fluffy. My favorite homefries (get em with peppers and onions).
Good prices. Wish it was closer to my neighborhood !Tried this place for breakfast and was very pleased.  It provides the local area with a much needed non-pretentious breakfast spot.  I'm so glad it opened!
For breakfast I had a coffee, scrapple sandwich and home fries.  My friend got a waffle sandwich which was also good.  All of this was $17, which was a good deal in my view.
Server was a bit slow, but she was training two other servers at the same time and she was super friendly, so it was understandable.
Note this establishment is cash only.I recently went back to give this place another go. The service was greatly improved and we got our meals pretty quickly. I got the corn beef platter, and my girlfriend got a mini breakfast with pancakes on the side. The portion sizes are large and the prices are very reasonable.Great food, great prices, really nice staff. I ordered French toast and eggs, my partner had a cheeseburger. We were both very happy with our meals! Will be coming back soon.We just moved to the Point Breeze area and have already been to Tasty Toast twice! We loved the food and the service. The HULK smoothie is delicious!! We will definitely be back.This place is great. For those that need a change from Honey's, Ants Pants and Sidecar, this place is a refreshing change in atmosphere and price. Granted you won't get cornbread pancakes with cow tongue sautéed in bacon grease (or any other crazy combos these trendy places come up with), but it's just a solid breakfast joint.This place is a gem! Giant omelet for under 5$, delicious hash browns, and super friendly service. Really clean inside with great Jazz music and cool decorations. You can sit at the bar or at the tables. Our server was really friendly as was the rest of the staff. I'll definitely be back! Ate all my food before I could snap a picture... it was fresh and delicious. The food isn't pretentious, just good home cooking style breakfast in a great atmosphere.Delicious food with affordable prices! Donna (the Owner) is a sweetheart and everything runs off of her positive energy. Love this spot.I didn't want to write a bad review as there is a shortage of good brunch places in the Point Breeze area. I ate here recently with my girlfriend as we had heard great reviews from friends. However, I was very disappointed with both the food and the overall service. Firstly, our waitress failed to inform us which items were sold out when we took our seats, I picked a sold out item (corned beef hash platter), and then needed a few extra minutes to pick something else. We waited nearly an hour for our food to arrive, and when it did, I received the wrong item. I ordered a grilled chicken cutlet, with 2 eggs, home fries and toast. I received  some sort of breaded chicken which was cut into strips & 2 eggs, with no home fries or toast. I think this was the fault of our waitress. We also had to ask her for extra coffee, even though we were sitting at the counter, she should have realized our cups were empty. 
Overall, the place seemed unorganized. Some staff were working really hard while others were just standing around drinking smoothies. I would advise the place to hire hard working, experienced waiters and chefs. The menu also seemed a bit large, and they were serving breakfast/lunch and smoothies at the same time. In my opinion they should reduce the menu size and perfect each dish. They should also think about having separate hours for breakfast and lunch to help avoid customers waiting up to an hour for food.This place was fantastic! I was part of a large group of out-of-towners and they were able to put some tables together to accommodate all of us. Great prices and some very interesting menu items - though they weren't all on the printed menu. Our server (very cool lady) mentioned a slew of items that weren't listed and we all ordered from her suggestions. The Hulk smoothie was popular with our hungover, tired crew. I ordered the chicken and waffles, which was awesome. I also ordered this tomato salad thing - I only took a couple of bites, it was a LOT of tomato for me.
Really friendly atmosphere, super clean, bright and sunny in there. The neighborhood looks to be transitioning (lots of closed shops surrounding it) so who knows what it will look like in a year or even in a couple of months. Hope this place sticks around for my next visit!This is by far my favorite spot to eat in South Philly. Great, fast service with food that tastes like a home cooked meal. The best part is I have never had to spend over $20 for both my boyfriend and myself!My 3 best friends and I go out to eat every Sunday morning. I was sorely disappointed here.. The reviews made it seem like a great place and it was super busy when we came in so I figured it was going to be great. After waiting just over an hour for our food, MOST of our orders showed up- but the waffles were missing the Nutella and were cold and tough. Half of our orders were wrong, and it took an additional 20 minutes for two of my friends to get their toast that they asked for 4 times. 
The manager said she would "take care of it" but then did almost nothing. Gave us like 2 dollars off. Food was served cold and stale. We will not ever come back here.Great little no frills corner luncheonette. Breakfast was very good, nothing fancy but very well done, and pricing is fantastic. I was able to get a bagel egg and scrapple sandwich, iced coffee, hot coffee, and belgian waffle platter for under $15. Perfect fit for the neighborhood.
Also, if you did not know yet, the owner is a fantastic pastry chef. I sampled her cheesecake, and it was on point. I don't even like cheesecake that much, but I would buy this one again.
And to top it off, it is open a little earlier than the other places in the area, so people that leave for work early can stop in and grab breakfast on the go.
definitely going back to support the local business.Tasty Toast is a nice local restaurant in Point Breeze.  The omelet and home fries were great, along with a nice atmosphere!This is my favorite place in the neighborhood. Great food, large portions and reasonable prices, friendly service in a clean and attractive environment... My parents came to visit from out of state, I think we ate here three times that week, they loved it that much! 
I only hope they will consider more options for vegans!!This place has become my favorite spot in south Philly not only is the food great and do the servers always supply the best customer service but the price is great! The only spot where you can get a GREAT meal for 2 for  under 20 dollars I will continue to go here for the rest of my existence.I ducked into The Tasty Toast last week for the first time. Lovely setup and a very nice layout. 
Bri was my server and she was super pleasant if a little new to the server scene. I ordered a chix grilled salad and a cup of coffee. Coffee came out quickly but it took about 15-20 minutes to get the chix salad. I didn't mind because I was without any time schedule. When the salad arrived, I was really impressed. Huge portion, beautiful presentation but wait... yes and awesome flavors and colors. Really GREAT!
Over all Bri did a good job. I hope she gets more guidance and sticks to it, Tasty Toast could be a good place to work as Point Breeze grows and grows!
As I walked down Earl Street, I saw the cook/chef out back and asked him if he was the owner. "Yes", he said and I complimented him on my meal. I will be back!  And, I expect to start handing out the 5STARS in the future.Ok so i just now ordered two platters (french toast, cheese eggs, sausage & 2 waffle scrapple and eggs) i was in there for an hour before my platters were even done...only received one waffle. The waffle is so thick and tuff that it was not worth the wait. I was not offered anything for my inconvenience not even a sorry.. i decided to get home fries and he asked me "what I wanted in them", I said onions but I guess he heard "nothin" well $ 2.50 for home fries plain versus $ 2.75 for onion whatever dude..just give me my home fries...which were also nasty and I waited another 20 mins. Ill stick to point breakfast right up the street..yes tasty toast has cute decor, but their food is not on either of the point breeze breakfast stores level. Not going here againWonderful service and omelets were big and tasty. Came with Home fries and toast. were delicious. Blueberry chia honey tea was fantastic. Donna is the bestReally special place right on PB ave. A huge, delicious omelet for under five bucks??
The prices are crazy good, and they keep their kitchen very, very clean. Really nice wait staff in my experience too.
Came here around christmas and they gave us a slice of delicious red velvet cake to go!
Really nice people, great, clean, simple, well-cooked food.I didn't enjoy eating here. The pancakes taste terrible. Service sucks big time. I don't see how  people can eat hereBEST VALUE FOR THE MONEY!!!
This cafe tucked away in Point Breeze is well worth the small drive. The food is exactly as it should be. No "artistic flare" just simple good food! I love the home fries. The western omelette is excellent! Spread the word...Went with a group of 11 friends, called ahead 30 minutes and they were able to accommodate us. Clean and casual dining tables. 
Food was prepared fairly quick for a group our size. I ordered creamed chipped beef and a southwest omelet w/home fries. Food was prepared perfectly and my friends also enjoyed their food - food choices varied from healthier to planko chicken and waffles.
Prices were very reasonable, our total check came out to $105 for 11. The staff surprised us with free smoothies at the end which was appreciated.
My only regret is that I didn't get to try more things. Would recommend. 
PS - the waitresses will make you walk into something if you look too hard while walking - solid 8-9s.Cream chipped beef fantastic! Breakfast platters are well prepared and they give alot of food.Love this place! Their decor is clean and comfortable, there food is cheap and delicious, and to top it all off they have beef bacon (which makes anything better).  They are cash only but they have an ATM in house, so you don't have to worry about forgetting cash.  I've back here several times and I never leave disappointed and I can honestly say for a party of two I've never spent more then $20 for breakfast. So happy they opened!!Great value and nice decor. Homemade baked goods and friendly service. $16 for a breakfast for 2 and we ordered a little of everything. (Omelette, waffles, eggs, home fries) Highly recommend!This place never disappoints. Food is always wonderful and CHEAP!! Staff is super friendly. I will be back plenty more!!I've only been once but that's enough to know this place is great! The food was delicious, service was great and the inside is so cute! Will definitely be backVery good and solid food. Good prices and parking. This is one of those restaurants that is one of very few on a strict Venn diagram. SortFood was damn good. However, you need to pay attention to your order for accuracy if you call ahead. Our order was missing sides and had turkey sausage instead of what was ordered. Everyone was happy with what they ate. Would've been 5 stars otherwise.Cute neighborhood cafe in Point Breeze. The service was slow we we went Saturday morning, but I think they may have been short staffed, so it won't stop is from returning. The food was solid. I had an omelette with tater tots and my husband got a waffle with "cookie butter" and both were really nice.Great options all day long for great prices.  The owners are super sweet and are in the restaurant every time.  The service has been really slow lately, but not enough to keep me from coming back.
Favorites:
Western Omelet w/ home fries
Chicken Teriyaki w/ rice & veggiesGreat food!! Beautiful décor. You wouldn't think you're on point breeze avenue. I love the veggie omelet, plum and honey ice tea. They make great green smoothies too. The staff is very friendly. The restaurant is very clean.wowiezowie this place is really good. i don't think i lived before i are the scrambled eggs.When my sister and her partner wanted to come here for brunch last weekend, I was a little skeptical. It looks similar to a small diner, but is good and really cutely decorated. The food we had is really awesome and the price point is hard to beat. I had a really good shrimp omelette that only cost $9! (And breakfast sandwiches are super cheap). And there was a lot of shrimp! The home fries have peppers and onions in them if you want, which I love. The iced coffee is big, and they serve it to you in a to-go cup which was nice. I'm not usually over in this part of the city, but I will make a point to come back! Cash only. There's an ATM.My wife, 2 year old son and I have gone every Saturday for breakfast for the past six weeks so as you can tell, we love it! Highly recommend the corned beef hash as well as the Mickey Mouse pancakes for the little guy :) A friendly staff and the occasional Philly police officer waving and turning on their siren for our son doesn't hurt either.This place has great breakfast options but the fresh baked pastries is what makes the place one of a kind. I'm so much happier now that a restaurant like this opened up around the block from my house.this place is a gem. the service is super friendly. the food is delicious and inexpensive. there's no place I'd rather get breakfast or lunch in all of Philadelphia.Great staff, very fresh. The eggs were great and I miss their tasty toast signature drink. A huge size, low prize, super refreshing and energizing. Unfortunately i was visiting from Florida but I tell my friends about this place as my favorite breakfast place.Waffles were wonderful with fresh fruits and my kids had no problem finishing off huge scoops of ice cream on top of all that fruit. I had their signature burger. Perfectly seasoned and had a nice kick with jalapeño pepper. Their fried chicken wings were perfectly fried and the peppery seasoning was out of this world. Don't know how they pull that all off with such reasonable price!!!
Will be coming back here again and again for sure!This place ROCKS!  Not only is it very reasonably priced but the decor is adorable, it's super family-friendly, welcoming, clean, air-conditioned... literally the best addition to the neighborhood that I could imagine.
I got their pork scrapple, egg, and cheese sandwich on a long roll with hot sauce.  I sat and chatted with the owner for a few minutes and they were SO friendly.  She even threw in a free slice of cake from the day before since they only serve cakes made that day.  I will definitely be making this place a part of my routine, especially because their food is great, the staff is lovely, and they truly care about the comfort of their customers.
I would recommend this place as an alternative to Point Breakfast and Good Morning Breakfast.  It's way cleaner, friendlier, and has a more relaxed welcoming atmosphere.Food was delicious, large portions and good service. I have been to many, if not all of the brunch spots in Philly and I would definitely add this tasty place to the rotation.This was a really pleasant surprise. The decor was cute, the menu varied, and the prices were great--$8 for many of the menu items. Good service, though the food took 20+ minutes to come out despite the place being almost empty.
I had the chicken and waffles, which I would not get again-a disappointment. The chicken itself was delicious--a chicken breast hammered thin and breaded with panko and fried. It came with a great dipping sauce, too. The waffles, however, were tough, cold and the butter provided was hard as a brick.
I would definitely come back, but I would order something different and would do what others recommended and call ahead with the order.My friends and I had really high hopes for this restaurant, but sadly we left extremely disappointed. We ordered our food and then proceeded to wait around for nearly an hour, if not more, for it to partially come out. Once it did come out, the food was cold!! We asked if it could be replaced and they said "we'll ask." Finally we asked for our checks, she never physically gave us a check, just telling us our total, and then tops it off with "we only accept cash." Would have been nice to know beforehand. Lastly, as she sees us leaving minimal tips, she finally asks "how was everything." She never once checked on us until then when it was far too late. The food wasn't even that great, left me wanting Waffle House, which is sad.The service is soooo slow. I waited 25 minutes for a BLT. This is my second time giving the Tasty Toast a try. The first time I waited an eternity for a smoothie. There's nothing special about the food and it's not worth the long wait. Hire more cooks or give customers an estimated wait time so can decided to order or not.This place is great.  Great food and polite staff.  Management is nice and it trickles down.  Small causal and clean establishment. If you're thinking about trying it you should!I love this place.  They literally just opened, but I've been here 3 times already.  The food is tasty, the place is really clean and the owner is the sweetest person you'll ever meet - guess that's why she makes the most incredible desserts.  I've had her red velvet cake 2 days in a row!  It was delicious.  It's nice to have an establishment like this come to Point Breeze.  Oh and they make waffle sandwiches, so...Adorable little spot in Point Breeze. The staff is pleasant. Everything is well under $10.The food is great and the prices are excellent. In regard to service, there is much to be desired during peak times (particularly Sundays after church). Still, you have to understand that it's a small space and staff is doing what they can. I've been back several times and the servers have only been apologetic when in the midst of rush. As a resident of Point Breeze, I've got to tell you: try this place out! You won't regret it.Decent food. Awful, awful service. Got our food before we even got our coffee. Waited 20 minutes just for the check. In fairness, I think this was all mostly due to one particular awful server. And we did get complimentary pastries to make up for the wait. But maddeningly slow service. Oh, and got a few details in our orders wrong, too.Get the waffle sandwich...NOM NOM! Delicious food, amazing coffee and attentive, friendly and thorough staff. Great breakfast during our Philadelphia vacation!I can understand that this experience may have been a fluke based on other diner's reviews, but it was so off putting, that I simply cannot refrain from writing a review.
My Mother and Father flew up from Florida and my Mother-in-law came down from Connecticut this past weekend to celebrate my recent graduation. On our last morning, we decided to try out the Tasty Toast which is in the neighborhood my wife and I live. The experience started off a little funny-- no menus for 10 minutes, toast brought out way before the meal as if it was dinner rolls, and a unique/talkative but friendly waitress. 
After about a 45 minute wait for our food, the meals came-- well, four out of the five meals came. I was told once the food was brought that my order did not call for an egg temperature and since I had given one, the chef couldn't make it. This would not have been a problem had I known. As a matter of fact, when I placed my order I told the waitress, "Not sure if you need to know my egg preference, but if so, I would like over-medium". So, I said again-- "that's fine, I don't care how the chef needs to prepare my meal, just please have him make it". I tell my family to continue eating. 20 minutes passed by without me seeing the meal. At this point, my family was done with their meals and one had shared their pancakes with me to tide me over. 
I walked up to the counter to tell the waitress, "Not sure if the chef is making my food since this is taking so long, but I don't really need it at this point, just please bring the check". Well she decided to walk me across the restaurant to inform my entire family that the chef was angry at her, and that she would be paying for my meal (THAT I NEVER WAS EVEN GIVEN). The over-explanation and inclusion into the chef and the server's drama was awkward and annoying, and ultimately ruined the final meal of what was otherwise a lovely weekend. 
As much as I was annoyed with the waitress, it blew my mind away that the chef (who might also be the owner or manager?) either did not even make my meal, or did not prioritize it to get done. There seemed to be absolutely no effort to make it up to us. We paid the tab for the four meals, tipped the woman 20% and got the hell out of dodge. Won't be recommending.Where to start? First, the amazing homemade baked goods! Had a brownie yesterday that was rich and buttery. Last week I had a coffee cake muffin with chocolate sauce and frosting in the middle and a nice glaze on top - so good!
Breakfast wise, the eggs are light and fluffy, plus not overdone like a lot of places make them. The waffle breakfast sandwich is the perfect hangover cure, plus they have turkey scrapple! (I try to avoid red meat, although I don't always succeed ;-) )
The one thing that I would change would be to add a better toast option - right now it is your standard grocery-store white or wheat toast. A nice multigrain would be good. Either way, the toast is an excellent vehicle for the honey butter!Really good for breakfast or lunch! I've had several omelettes and smoothies, and have never been disappointed. Today I decided to wait until lunch, to try the teriyaki rice bowl. It was delicious! Much bigger portion than I thought it would be! I had the chicken & shrimp, I'll be back to try other combinations!Great service in my to-go order, fast and with a smile, and she made sure I had everything I needed. I got the Philly omelette with home fries and they were amazing! I wish I could have eaten there but I was just grabbing something and then getting back to work; the whole restaurant was adorable, with creative touches everywhere that gave it a nice homey feel. I'll definitely be back!Cute hidden gem. The food was fresh and delicious. It's a tad small inside so it's good that we came when we did before it filled up. Staff is pleasant and friendly. Overall a good brunch experience.Great breakfast spot with lots of choices plus they have lunch too. Waffle sandwich, pancakes, eggs and turkey bacon cooked to perfection. Normal wait time. Clean and cute decor. Friendly service.This place is definitely a hidden gem in Philadelphia.  The decor is very cute.  The restaurant itself is super clean.  The owners are very welcoming and friendly.  I've tried 3 eggs scrambled, home fries, pork scrapple, and grits for breakfast before.  Food was cooked good.  Nothing was overcooked or undercooked.  Off the lunch menu I had a cheesesteak with fries.  The desserts I've had at the tasty toast was both made by the owner.  Must say, probably one of the best desserts I've had in a long time.  All so delicious and tasty.  Portions are ginormous and always leave here full.Tasty toast is outstanding. The people are nice,  it's very comfortable. Good service. Everything I have had there is cheap and delicious. Food is simple but that's why it's good. 
Definitely try their smoothies too. Happy camper is my favorite!Love this place!  The food is really good, the service is quick and friendly, and the prices are insanely low.  I'm so glad I live around the corner from this place.Tried putting an order for pickup and was on hold for a while...never got my order taken so I hung up. Very disappointed with the customer service. Seemed very busy and unorganized.(note: I'm not gluten sensitive enough to need a dedicated fryer, but if you are, the fryer doesn't seem to be dedicated.)
Walked here mid-day with some coworkers looking for lunch that wasn't yet another food truck hoagie. You'd need someone to tell you where it was: very unassuming from the outside.
Inside is seating at a counter and also tables, and all these tiny cacti potted in home made containers that you can buy. Staff was super friendly, and it seemed like it was a local neighborhood favorite from the number of people streaming in and out.
The exciting thing though? THE FRIES. $2 for a decent sized container, fresh out of the fryer, perfectly browned, not soggy, not crunchy, salt to taste. I haven't had fries like that in a very long time. 
My coworkers got teriyaki bowls, which are made custom to your order and seemed pretty healthy and delicious. Prices were really reasonable. Cash only though! And there is a bit of a wait time for takeout food since it's all made in front of you.