I've ordered a bbq chicken pizza from here before and it was great. But the pizza I got today was a disappointment, it had a puddle of grease and barely any chicken on it. After mopping up the grease the people pizza was okayJust had a pepperoni pizza it was delicious! I happen to like food made from premium products and you can tell they are first rate here. The sauce was perfect and light not heavy or acidic at all and tasted fresh made. The dough is also light and fresh not too thin or too thick. The only suggestion I would make is try crisping up the bottom without sacrificing the pizza. I will be a repeat customer for sure.Great pizza! You can get it by the slice, and it is consistently good, normal pizza. I live close by so I have tried most things on their menu and while nothing is insanely unique or anything, it is a really good reliable corner pizza joint. Oh, except their homemade fried mozzarella.Dependably good and well priced. Always promptly delivered. These guys cook for my kids more,often than I do. Highly recommend. The sauce is lightly sweet without being overbearing. I love their extra cheese pizza.I was temporarily breaking my veganism after 5 years and looking to order some pizza with my friends.
I was pretty specific about what I was looking for- I didn't want anything fancy, I didn't want anything too thick or too thin, I wanted a good old slice of street pizza (if that makes sense to anyone)
I actually chose the Shack for 2 reasons: the wonderful aroma pouring out of it one night as I ran by and the pictures on yelp.
My friends and I ordered a large cheese pizza, a spinach stromboli, curly cheese fries and tossed salad.
The pizza was great- not AMAZING but i blame myself for this because I forget to request they put a good amount of sauce and bake it well done.  But still tasted awesome.
Unfortunately the strombolis are pre-made there.  I know this because I placed the order online and got a call from the shack letting me know I could not keep the order as is with the extra ingredients inside that I requested.  I really don't understand why their online ordering system allows you to create your own stromboli when it's not an option and I still need to go back and check that I was not charged for the extras.  And it makes me wonder if they pre-make the stromboli or do they buy them and their other foods frozen??  It didnt taste great so it's a possibility. 
The curly cheese fries had velveeta or some type of whiz and it just isn't my thing.  The fries were crazy soggy and the cheese way too heavy and intense.
The salads were generously large and good.
The delivery came in a good amount of time on a very rainy day and the delivery man called as he was arriving and was so very nice!
I would def eat the pizza here again.  That's all though.
And FYI, no eatin- all delivery or pick up,.Decent food, at decent prices.  I order from this place all the time.  Not because it is the best - but because the food is reliable, affordable, and it is very close!I like Pizza Shack.  Solid consistent food quickly.  Not the best Pizza I have ever had but definitely no where near the worst.  The cheese steak Stromboli is one of my favorite items from any  pizza place in the city. Give it a shot I think you will like it.Stromboli was burnt on the outside.
Pizza is - meh.
I've ordered from them twice and haven't been impressed.Eh, pretty sure everyone would agree their pizza is nothing special. Wings are just okay tooI was looking for a great stromboli and the Yelp reviews for this place had multiple people raving over the stromboli, a couple even said best in Philly. So I ordered it. It was TERRIBLE. It was pooled in grease, as in I think they may dip it in oil before wrapping it up. Ive never seen anything like it. I spent 5 minutes just trying to sop up dripping oil before I even tasted it. As for taste: NO. I never thought I could complain about too much cheese, but this was literally like biting in to a block of cheese. It made me gag. The pepperoni was also not very good: it was sort of bland. Between all this and the gross oil soaked bread, I ate about a quarter and threw the rest away. OH: and it doesn't come with sauce. Like, not even on the side. Do yourself a favor: if you are looking for stromboli, skip this place. I wrote this because I felt obligated to warn others.Was in town visiting my bf and after his game we were both hungry so I started looking up places and mentioned this place and he raved about how good this place was. So we ordered a large pizza and did half the Mediterranean white and grilled chicken. OMG this was the best pizza I've ever had in my life! I want to move to Philly just to eat this pizza!  The crust was thin and crispy and the spinach was not dried out like other places I've had. It was all fresh ingredients and freshly cooked even though they were about to close. The chicken was actually sliced chicken breast not that ground pieced together kind of chicken I've had at other places! Will definitely order from there again on my next trip! Maybe you guys could expand to the Baltimore Washington corridor.I was extremely disappointed with the pizza after reading the reviews here. The cheese was bland and had a rubbery texture to it.  The crust was burnt or charred or whatever the hell adjective you want to use. I've had better in South Philly.Delicious! We love this place...its our go-to pizza place in the hood. Always good.I've ordered the gluten free pizza twice.  I have Celiac disease and am extremely sensitive to gluten.  I would definitely recommend the gluten free pizza here.  They cook the GF pizza on its own pan so it does not touch the same surface as the regular pizza.  Obviously, there is a chance of cross contamination because it is a pizza place, but I have successfully eaten here and am symptom free.  The staff was very friendly over the phone when we called and talked about how severe my gluten reaction is.  I will absolutely order again.Both times I ordered delivery it took around 1.5 hours to get the order. Both times the French fries were barely cooked even when I asked for them extra crispy the second time. They did give me a discount off the fries the second time which was nice, but I'm not sure I'll give them a third shot.My friends ordered from here so I decided to give it a try and ordered an italian grinder and shack fries with them. Now I know why my friends only order the stromboli.
First off it took well over an hour for our order to get here, the stromboli was still pretty good though. The grinder demonstrated how widely the defenition of "toasted" can vary. As recieved the mediocre at best meat being only slightly warmer than lukewarm was the only evidence of the supposed "toasting". I then proceded to throw out a giant fistfull of peppers never mentioned on the menu (peppers & onions give me brutal acid indigestion) along with half the roll transferring the remainder of the sandwich in a futile effort to salvage something edible, I ended up throwing out nearly half of it. The shack fries had a nigh impenetrable skin of mozarella shielding warm soggy fries and bacon. They included a TINY cup of ranch, this was a moot issue though as i ended up throwing out 3/4 of them as my friends wanted nothing to do with them. Maybe if I could ever be convinced to pick up an order fresh I might rate them higher, but despite the decent stromboli I can not in good conscience give more than 2 stars after this dissappointing demonstration of culinary ineptitudeI ordered the cheese fries, I received regular fries. I ordered a 2 liter of coke and received Pepsi. The cheese sticks were not appetizing and I never got a phone call from them saying "we don't have___, would you like anything else?" Instead they took it upon them self to change my order on me.Fell off completely !! They better sell again !! Heartburn from the pizza gravy the worst !! Only matter time city pizza knocks them out the box !!!I have to say when I call this place the people are always friendly and take my order very fast and ask all the right questions. It a average time for pick up and delivery, nothing worse or better then any other local place. The variety of pizza is great. I have always had a great pizza from here and stromboli are always great. One of my fav's is the cheese steak Hoagie pizza! It is so so good! I find that the Shack gets my orders right mostly all the time, were I have been having problems with other local places as of late. 
I recommend trying this place and deciding for yourself, it wont disappoint .First time ordering and last. Not only did my delivery take an hour - my pizza was practically sauceless and was completely uncut. Never again!!Great pizza and the cheese Gris are legit. Delivery is a bit slow but I guess perfection takes time.The best pizza that I've tasted in South Philly. My favorite pizza from them is their Mediterranean White pizza. Every time I've had this pizza, it's tasted fantastic. Even my cat loves this it. She actually nipped my finger once  to get better taste of that delicious Mediterranean pizza.Still 5 stars in my book! I have been ordering from here since I was a kid. Great food, great people, and speedy delivery!Love this place! We've ordered from them numerous times since we moved to south philly a few years ago and it has been consistently great..food and service. Pizzas are delish, sandwiches are on point, fries are nice and crispy, cheesesteaks are better then the tourist spots, and the delivery guy is awesome..not to mention delivery is always really fast. Always our go-to when we have friends over late night on the weekends or during the week when we don't want to cook. A+++Both myself and my family have been ordering from The Pizza Shack almost weekly for over a year.  The food was good and I had no problem with delivery.  But for the last couple of months, the food has changed.  Not as good, even the pizza dough was almost raw.  Several times we had orders that were either incomplete or just wrong.  I don't know if they've gotten so busy that they have been overwhelmed, but we are tired of wasting money waiting for them to go back to being good.  So goodbye Pizza Shack!Cheesesteak Stromboli was fantastic as usual. We also had a very good calzone and wings.Our pizza was slightly off though, I think it was just a little soggy from the steam coming out of the oven and being put in the box for delivery.  Delivery was pretty quick as well.In terms of overall food quality they're more like two and a half or three stars, but 4 stars for consistency and generosity of portions.  Where else you gonna get a seeded roll for no extra charge and add hot peppers for 25 cents.I guess I'm a little biased, being that Pizza Shack is 50 feet from my door, but I LOVE their pizza, and curly fries, and cheesteaks, and...you get the picture! 
I usually walk over unless I'm not feeling well and they've never complained about delivering so close. The girls and guys who work there are nice, professional and helpful. Overall if you're looking for a new place (that been around for 30+ years!) for great food and service, look no further than Pizza Shack!When I was in high school, I loved going over my friends' houses in South Philly because the Pizza Shack sicilian was SO good. Fast forward many years and I am now working nearby. It is as good as I remember it. The crust is crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. I love the corner pieces. Their spinach, ricotta, and tomato white pizza is also delicious. If you like gooey cheese fries, they put then in a foil container and smother them with cheese whiz, no crisp, just soft, cheesy goodness.I discovered Pizza Shack on Grub Hub and I have yet to be disappointed! I love getting the Italian Hoagie or Grinder. The cheese fries are also on point. It's the perfect delivery food for when you've had a long day at work and do not feel like cooking. One of my south Philly favorites.This place can either be the best or just meh.The pizza really varies from delivery to delivery, which is a shame. The salads are pretty solid.  However the mozzarella sticks are the best you will ever have in your entire life! Obviously handmade. The crust is delicious.The large calzones from here can easily feed 2-3 people! So yumm! Didn't give them 5 stars only because I felt like they put too much ricotta in the calzone. I would definitely recommend this place! Food was good and hot when delivered.They get 5 stars for just their Sicilian pies. They are one of the few places who make the pizaaz pizza PERFECT.This is my first time ordering from pizza shack, and I like it. I've ordered plains pizza, buffalo wing and fired ravioli (love it). While cheese pizza is not the cheesy which I like more cheesy . I like there ravioli sauce( tomato sauce)maybe because I like the sour taste, wind are nice too, it's big and they give a lot celery(I like veggies). Another I'm give high rate because their deliver guy, he sooo nice, I wish I can give him more tips. Nice tryI order from there all the time!!  The pizza and strombolis are the best in the city!!   Very fast delivery and the drivers are so nice!!if I could give a 3 and a half, I would.  Tonight J and I resorted to searching the phone book for a new pizza option, since we didn't want to wait for 2 hours for delivery from Papa John's on Broad Street (from experience, 2 hours might mean 2.5-3 hours).  Additionally, our favorite (but little expensive for our blood) Franco and Luigi's was on vacation for the holiday.  So...as i looked through "pizza" in the yellow pages, I remembered a recommendation from a friend--"the place at 15th and Porter, whatever it's called"--and came across the Pizza Shack.  They predicted an hour delivery, but it arrived warm and fresh in 40 minutes.  The grease was a little intense, but overall, we were pleased with its slightly crispy crust.May not be the BEST pizza but its always good and consistent.  Reminds me of childhood, so I always order from there!  A Sicilian is reasonably priced as well.This place has really changed and gone down hill. The Sicilian pizza used to be a great deal as well as delicious. But now their pizza is extremely salty and hardly edible. The cheese seems to coagulate on the pizza rather than melt. I don't know what they're doing but I miss what they used to be.Great pizza! Great hot wings! Pretty good delivery times, always great service. 
The pizza has a soft thin hand tossed style crust that doesn't hold up well when it's covered in a lot of cheese, sauce, and toppings but that's how I like my pizza! 
It's what my fiancé and I refer to as ninja turtle pizza, Cheesy gooey goodness! 
If you prefer a thin crisp crust pizza that lacks adequate sauce/cheese but holds its shape in your hand this probably isn't for you.
I do not recommend the buffalo chicken cheese steak it was ground chicken, it was huge but soggy flavorless mess....Whatever they did in relaunch they should go back in time. Strombolis used to be best in the city. Now they are trash.Still the best strombolis after all these years! Love them. Have been eating them from here for many years! broccoli and cheese is slammin! So is the chicken and cheese. you gotta try them!stromboli looked like a piece of charcoal with cheese falling out of it. proportions all screwed up, like ten pieces of pepperoni total and a gigantic block of low quality mozzarella. a blackened pile of grease that looks like something i left in the toilet after coming off oxys. 
buffalo chicken cheesesteak is good but i didn't order half meat. weird how the sandwich has so little actual chicken on it. like this cost several dollars more than a wawa sandwich, tastes about the same, and has like half the chicken.Used to get pizza from Pizza Shack all the time when I lived in S. Philly, but that was years ago. Just had some again and if anything, it's improved. I'm a fan of crispy thin crust pizza and they nailed that part to perfection. The bottom of the pie was a nice brown but was not burnt -- great flavor. And a far cry from the soggy mess I had from another S. Philly place I won't mention. Perhaps a bit much oil / grease would be the only complaint. Delivery was promised for "within the hour" but was much faster than that. Under-promise and over-deliver -- great business practice.Just ordered a personal pizza and I can't get over how terrible it is. It's literally a pile of cheese and grease. When I went to take a slice out of the box all that I got was the dough underneath. The cheese and sauce came right off the pizza dough. It's really disappointing considering the fact this place is called Pizza Shack.I should have listened to the other guy who did a review since they reopened.  Not worth your money. Its nothing like the old pizza shack, the only thing they kept was the boxes. The sauce is completely different, as is the crust and cheese. Curiosity killed the cat but it only stole 18$ from me with this awful pieHighly recommend this pizza place. Ordered a cheese pizza and a Stromboli. Both were excellent. First time ordering from them and when I'm in Philadelphia would order again.The fiance and I got a few slices after an event at Wells since it was in proximity to the BSL. Wasn't expecting much. This may have been the best plain pizza I ever had. Flavorful without being greasy. Soft fluffy crust. Wasn't burnt or undercooked. The sauce was savory and sweet. Right in the sweet spot. And the cheese was just prefect. 
I see other reviews saying it's terrible, but I can say I will always go here when I'm in the area.Just ordered classic italiano wrap and chxn parm wrap.
Absolutely delicious ever bite was pleasing to my taste buds.
Delivery was fast and food was hot.
I will be ordering food from them many many times in the near futurePizza is great! Don't order any steaks. You would think a couple bad reviews on steaks and they would not dry them out....but this guy is as stubborn as a stump. Cocky dosen't even begin to describe his attytood! Put a little oil on the grill before you cook a steak....and take it off sooner.  Nuff said. I'll try again in a few weeks. If not any better...I'll get my pizza there but I'll get my steaks somewhere else."The Pizza Shack" should change their name to "The Boli Shack!"  I say that because, they have had the most consistent and delicious Stromboli in South Philly FOR YEARS now.  THE BEST.  That's all I order from there.  Make special trips there to pick strombolis up since I moved.  Try 'em, you'll like 'em!  ;)Wow. Just wow. I ordered a pizza just before 11 on a Saturday night through GrubHub. They accept delivery orders until 11:30. I, foolishly, waited around until 1AM, thinking maybe it was still coming. No call. No show. Nothing. Absolutely ridiculous.Best customer service in Philadelphia. When you want a restaurant to love you as much as you love them, go no further.  The food is amazing but the love for the guest is beyond satisfaction. We're lucky to have them in our neighborhood. Impressive!Cheap, but below average pizza.  We ordered a sausage and peppers pizza which is pretty standard, the final product was chewy and the crust was like cardboard, normally we'll save a few slices if we don't finish the entire pie...but that was not the case, those went straight to the garbage.  It's hard to believe that in south Philadelphia pizza can be subpar.  Uncle Oogies or city pizza are a better choice for the girard estates neighborhood.Absolutely delicious! We got a pizza, eggplant parm and cheesesteak egg rolls. We had the food delivered and everything came piping hot. Generous portions! 
Glad for the new items!So sad about the recipe changes after the relaunch. Their tomato pie was my favorite for as long as I can remember. Was best in the city IMHO but now it's a completely different taste and texture wise. Gave it try twice but it's just not as good  and I don't like it so sadly won't be ordering anymore from here.I must be honest and say the 5 stars is mainly for the cleanliness and the workers here, and a very good experience I had tonight. The pizza is mediocre to good (depending) to be completely honest. It is not all bad or all good and I have yet to try the rest of my usual ordered items. But please, read through this to understand my viewpoint and to not be biast. I say give it chance and see for yourself, but this is where I stand.
Pizza Shack has been my favorite place for quite some time. It has been around so long, I remember it as a kid, even those older than me do! I've passed by it so many times just doing everyday things. Many special memories with the place. Now granted, places do change over the years. There was good and bad about the old Shack before the recent owners. I loved the little hole in the wall, though, truth be told it needed the makeover and certain changes-as nostalgic as it was. The workers were always, for the most part, very good to you. The more they saw your face the more hospitable they became. It was bittersweet considering the issues in the place that did truly need to be fixed. When the new owners took over I didn't know what to expect, and I did notice some subtle changes off the bat, but even from the beginning they were very nice! Even on the busy-crazy night the Eagles won in 2017, they were on top of it! Now I must admit I do miss the old shack. More than the nostalgia (as hard as that is), what is most important and what I miss most is the original recipe, that was quite a bummer. Hard to swallow. That is what made, for me, the shack as it was known to me. However, the new pizza is not bad, it is good. The cheesesteak pizza is especially good-gotta try it as a sicilian! The prices are also dissapointing, but I must say they are very generous with the slices when you are coming in for just that alone. I also appreciate the fact that they have a couple different varieties available when you are looking to just get some slices. The workers are super friendly, the place is very clean and they are very generous. I came in tonight and they made my night (which is especially nice after a rough day). It was nice to chat with one of the workers that has been there for so many years, and remembered me from my old job! Always such a nice guy, says hello to you outside! And it was nice to meet the very nice new ones. Very generous, very hospitable. In the end, it was hard to part with my old beloved shack, especially the original recipe which will forever be missed, but overall it is a VERY nice place and you are treated well. I look forward to trying some new stuff. I will forever miss the old shack, but it is sure nice to try and embrace the new and to be treated so well.My go to pizza spot. Pizza doesn't cost an arm and a leg like it do these days... Pizza sauce is perfect to me (my personal preference.) cheese fries aren't good, tastes like frozen fries with cheese on top and tossed in the microwave.. You know that soft cheese that went hard and trying to make it melt again in microwave rubbery feel? Lol maybe I am so used to eating bad as a kid. Wings doesn't have a good sauce in my opinion. But, I love their pizza. Delivery can be slow, so obviously, avoid ordering during busy times (when you're netflixing and chilling like everybody else lol).I have been eating the Stromboli here for over 30 years, it is the best!!! love the new look of the place and the food is always consistent!!!Ok I grew up on Pizza Shack Pizza and most importantly their FANTASTIC STROMBOLIS.  The pizza is not the best in town but their strombolis are out of this world.
Today I went to visit my grandmother and I got a chicken cheesesteak.  It was DISGUSTING--dry and blah.  Enough to knock 2 stars off.I want the old pizza shack pizza back  so sad that my favorite pizza place changed their pizza, renovations outside look decent but the pizza is notPizza Shack defined what pizza was for me as a kid. My family didn't get delivery or eat out often but, when we did, it was typically Pizza Shack or Cacia's.
We'd order Pizza Shack on some Friday nights before heading over to St. Monica's Fathers and Sons league to play hockey. I didn't care that I'd be running around for the following two hours, I would still gorge myself. Fortunately, since the slices were cut so small, eating four pieces wasn't as terrible as it sounded but it was still enough to give me a belly ache during my game.
To this day, I have never had another pizza that tastes like Pizza Shack. They make a very unique pie and, if I'm traveling through South Philly before dinnertime, it's likely that I'm toying with the idea of bringing one home.They're good, but, I'll admit their pizza is still pretty average when it comes down to it. Not knocking the taste, but, nothing special. They aren't the first pizza menu I'd pick out of the drawer,Amazing does not even begin to describe pizza shack's strombolis. I ordered from grub hub and not only was the delivery super quick but it came piping hot. They do not skimp out on the cheese and the mozzarella is so fresh it tastes as if they make it in house... Maybe they do I don't know. I was a bit worried because I have had strombolis in the past where there is too much dough and not enough filler but pizza shack surpassed my expectations. The ratio of inside ingredients to pizza dough was perfect. I would say there was just as much cheese and pepperoni I as there was pizza dough. And the dough....oh the dough! The dough is perfectly seasoned. It almost tastes like a croissant. I was a little disappointed it didn't come with sauce on the side so next time I'll be sure to ask for some tomato sauce on the side but if you are craving some cheesy delicious comfort food I highly suggest ordering a stromboli from here! Pizza Shack, 5 stars well deserved!Well, I've lost my pizza place.  After waiting four months for the Shack to return, they have come back with less than stellar results.  First off, the place looks great, but since I'm not eating there or looking for presentation, it really doesn't make a difference to me.  I was there for a pizza, and a lot has changed there, too.  A large pie now costs $13.00 ($14.04 with tax).  That's $2.01 more than it cost when they closed on April 22.  That's an increase of 18%.  EIGHTEEN PERCENT.  With that kind of price hike, I was hoping to be blown away by improvements to the food in keeping with the new and improved image.  Sadly, that wasn't the case.  I've been a customer of this place for five years buying pizza usually twice a month or more, so I feel pretty confident that I know what the pizza was like before things changed.  The pizza doesn't fill the box like it used to, and, after tasting it, it seems that the recipe has changed, too.  The crust tastes very different, and the there's very little sauce on it.  While I was waiting for my pizza to come out of the oven, I noticed that there were pre-cooked crusts just sitting on top of the oven, and I'm guessing that that's what they use to make the pizzas now.  Whether they make them in advance or buy them pre-made, I can't say, but the finished product now even LOOKS very different, and it's easy to tell that it's not made by hand.  The pizza is very even and smooth with no bubbles.  On the whole, it's actually not nearly as flavorful as it was and is very close to having no flavor at all.  The sauce is very different, too.  Maybe the new owner uses a different food supplier or maybe uses fewer spices, because they're too expensive.  It's even possible that they don't make their own sauce like the previous owner did.  Whatever the reason might be, it doesn't taste the same, and it's smaller, thinner and less tasty than it was.  It seems that the quality of the food has been sacrificed in order to cut corners to afford the remodeling.  Pity.  I'm very sorry to say that I can't recommend the Pizza Shack now, and I really wanted to be able to do that.  The pizza isn't good anymore, and the price hike has made it completely not worth eating.  I won't be back.The worse pizza I ever had. My husband did not hear the end of it. My son and I agree the pizza was horrible and taste like cardboard pizza. Not one but 2 boxes of pizza will be thrown out tomorrow. I rather had an frozen pizza.The sole reason I keep coming back is Diana. The food is awesome. Always is, always was.  But her customer service knows no bounds. She knows my name, my fiance's name, my brother in law's name, and the last time we ordered. It's one thing to take good care of people and serve good food. It's entirely different to make it feel like it's impossible to go somewhere else because the staff loves you back. I make a point of coming in just to say hello, food or not. I'm so grateful for the family vibe Diana creates. When I think to-go, I think the corner of 15th and Porter. Period. Diana rocks it.I've been wanting pizza for days now. Finally ordered one and was given disappointment in a box. Big wet limp what should be pizza. I could use the amount of grease from pizza as lotion. The cheese doesn't want to be around the crust at all like a bad ex and keeps running away. Sauce is nothing special and this is just no effort made. This is doing below bare minimum to get by.They put almost no sauce on their pizza. I always ask for extra sauce and they used to put lots of extra right on top (almost too much, a little soupy, but whatever). Recently they started charging $1 more for extra sauce which was completely fine with me except that they didn't put any extra sauce!! I posted some pics to show how large parts of the pizza have literally no sauce on them. The pizza is also very doughy and you have to ask for it well done to get it even a little crispy. 
On a positive note, the wings are crispy, saucy, and delicious! Delivery is usually fast too.Ordered last week and then again this week.It's been a pretty long time since I've ordered from here but figured why not try it again. One had half pepperoni half sausage and last night half sausage half plain and literally zero complaints. The pizza was great and the cheese fries were amazing! Ordered directly from their site in the afternoon was able to add delivery time it was perfect and on time! My reasoning for 4 stars and not 5, although I am sure we will be ordering again soon I can't get past the $2 delivery charge like is that for the driver or not? how much should I tip the driver?  Not paying an additional  $7 on top of my pizza that just doesn't  make sense. So just left me in a tipping dilemma....other than that pizza and fries rocked!We were just happening to walk by and got curious. Didn't bother to check yelp, just decided to give the place a shot. Coronavirus- style, we called from just outside, placed our order, continued our walk and came back well after it was ready. The three workers inside were very friendly and kind. We walked the 15 minutes home to eat it, and it was still pleasantly warm. We had a spinach and cheese Stromboli and it was delicious! I'm not usually one for heavy food but this was worth it - good crust, packed with spinach and cheese. The star of the meal was the impressively tasty pizza sauce. Great neighborhood joint. I'm looking forward to trying one of their pizzaSo i call to order off of the menu (that someone who works for them put in my screen door)something quick for my son. I'm inquiring about if they take me amex card and bam the girl who answered told me i wasn't in the area that they serve. I'm confused about my having the menu from their store stuck on my door but they are saying that i obvi shouldn't have one due to my not being in  "their coverage area" I honestly think they just don't want to come to my neighborhood and that's discriminatory and lame as hell. But I'll spend my money elsewhere happily.I am originally from south philly and now live in south jersey but when I really want some good pizza I take the ride back into Philly to reminisce and order pizza from here and bring it back. Pizza is a simple thing good dough, sauce and cheese but this place just does it right.  I love the texture of their crust.  I usually have to order toppings on my pizza (pepperoni) but their pizza is so good I'm content with just a cheese pizza cause it tastes that good I don't need the extras.  It's worth the toll
To go over the Walt Whitman bridge!This was the first time that I ordered since the new owners took over. The Tomato Pie was a vast improvement. I agree with an earlier review about "crisping up the bottom without sacrificing the pizza". I like the dough a little thinner. The pie was a little more dough-ee than I prefer, but still very good!
My opinion: I saw some comments lamenting the loss of the old Pizza Shack. With numerous ownership changes, the food was bound to be different. I miss the old recipe too! The Don Pepino sauce they used back then was tops. Those days are long-gone. I think it's best to judge the new owners by their own merits and faults instead of looking back decades ago to a product made by someone who may not even be around any more.We've had everything but a cheeseburger here, and that's next. Oh and breakfast. We have not tried their breakfast yet but may soon. The wings were awesome! Hot, spicy like a franks red, but hotter. The Cheesesteak was awesome. All their pizzas were awesome.  We had grubhubbed once , but it's not really necessary if you're close enough by. They have their own drivers and are great to just call and get pickup or delivery. The hoagies are huge and can usually be on regular or seeded rolls, we've tried both! So far it is a five star establishment on all counts - very impressive.Growing up in South Philly, there are specific joints you visit for certain cravings. You want Chinese?, you go to JC's, you want a good cannoli?, go to Varallos, pork? John's... now when it came to Stromboli's, Pizza Shack ranked top in the list. No one ever anywhere ever made Stromboli's like them. However today changed the ranking and my thoughts. Frozen, less tasting and much smaller, even the insides weren't as stuffed. The chick answering the phone gets 100% CS props. The amount $ was fine and the strom's were edible, but to keep the name "Pizza Shack" is misleading.Stromboli's are great here. That's what I usually order/eat with my family. I highly recommend the cheesesteak and the pepperoni ones. I've been watching what I'm eating so I ordered a chicken caesar wrap while my family got the usual Stromboli's. the wrap was okay. The chicken could've been crispier and the lettuce was yellow and limp. it was also missing some of the ingredients listed. But, I woke up tonight really sick leading to my low review.Waited for months for their re-grand opening and it was so much worth the wait!!! Hands down one of the best pizzas in south philly (for some reason I feel the small size tastes the best!!) . After revamping their shack, they definitely redid their menu with even better tasting ingredients. They also changed their grubhub options and although there isn't a minimum per delivery anymore, there is a high $4 fee for delivery, BUT it is still worth it! Prices are still great & I still recommend this place to everyone.Pizza and Stromboli is great. Sad thing is the girl at the counter is miserable, give her a tip and no thank you. A delivery driver was sitting at the table texting never budged to open the door for customers with their arms full.  The Mexican workers smiled and said thank you. Gone are the days of courtesy.  Never will tip again.  The owner needs to get in there and get it running properly.  Chucky would have been firing these peoplePizza shack is a south philly gem. 2 min walk from here and get there pizza, Stromboli and hoagies frequently. Can't go wrong with anything on their menuWhen I think of cheesy,  greasy deliciousness in pizza and stromboli....I think of pizza shack I grew up on them always paired with a two liter bottle of Coke! They have the BEST stromboli around South Philly!! I know it's not the absolute greatest but it's home to me!!!