My friends and I came here primarily for Quizzo, and as we'd only recently gotten off work, we also needed a bite to eat.  Two of us had looked at the menu online and thought it sounded pretty good.  There were even dishes that we had looked forward to ordering - I'm looking at you, Roast Beef on Weck.  My friends ordered this very dish, and I wanted to revel in the comfort-promising Chicken n' Biscuits, with gravy, peas and carrots.  Sadly, the au jus accompanying the roast beef had an unmistakably fish-like taste, as if having been made in the same pan as the night's mahi special.
My dish didn't have any such surprises, thankfully, but that's about the best I can say about it.  The gravy was bland, as was the chicken.  The peas and carrots looked as if they were from the freezer section of your grocery store, the carrots far too uniformly cubed to have been fresh.  I can't say much about the biscuits, since they were mostly soaking up the gravy, but the texture of the few dry bites I found did not indicate homemade.  Good draft and bottle beer selection, awesome choices in cans (Oscar Blues, Sly Fox, Genese Cream Ale).  It is a nice space, too, but I doubt I'll find myself back there anytime soon.Unfortunately, this place goes often unheard of and usually forgotten.
I certainly wish it wasn't that way. It's a bit off the beaten path. There's really nothing else in the area aside from the United Artist Riverview about a block away.
The Ugly American features a classy, yet comfortable environment. On the few evenings that I've been, the restaurant is relatively empty.
Of the dishes I've tried and have seen others order - the food is generally good. The draft and bottle selection will also definitely satisfy the discerning beer drinker.
There's a few TVs around the bar area which is separate from a long narrow seating area - which is pretty good in my opinion.
Nothing exceedingly remarkable about the place, I just consider it a good and solid establishment and somewhat of a gem in the neighborhood.
One item of note: I don't believe any other place in Philly will even come close to serving a Garbage Plate. Born in Rochester, NY the Garbage Plate has many variations but typically consists of two cheeseburger patties with mustard atop, fries and mac salad with mustard and onions. Think of it as an unbreaded version of a grease truck fat sandwich. The variations are also quite endless.
The Ugly American features an entree of the same name with higher quality ingredients at a consumable portion, but it's decidedly less messier and far diverged from its namesake. In my opinion, it's like a gourmet version.
I'd highly suggest checking this place out.I came here tonight for dinner and to check out the quizzo scene. It was a bit quiet, but I never knock a place for not being loud and crowded. In fact, I prefer it. 
While the quizzo wasn't so much fun, which could be attributed to the fact that I wasn't drinking, it was empty, the quiz master, or the fact that I didn't know much. Or all of the above. However, as far as quiz masters go, Johnny Good Times isn't as amusing as Irish John. 
For dinner, I had Mexican tortilla soup, and the roasted vegetable sandwich. The soup looked better than it tasted, though it didn't taste bad, just not great. The roasted vegetable sandwich was awesome though...and keep in mind, I'm not a vegetarian. 
I'd come back here for a meal and drinks, definitely.   
P.S.  My quizzo team name was "The Situation"I had a good experience here.  The food was very good and the service was good.  Albeit a bit slow, but still the server was engaging and cheerful.  
A good place to drink and get some great comfort food.  The place is small, but cheerful.  
Try the chili, chicken sandwich, biscuits with gravy.  Our salad had too much dressing on it, but otherwise I would have to say "GO."This was honestly my most favorite burger place on earth. The burgers were amazing and the fries! what pulled it all together was the dip they had for the French fries. I really wish I remember what the guy told me was in it so I could make it! I was so upset when this place closed, it was my friend and I best place to go right after work or on any day basically. If anyone knows what the fry dip was please tell me!!For the moment we'll forget that I spent the night up suffering from indigestion.  This is not the fault of the kitchen at the Ugly American.  I went for Thursday night Quizzo.  I had already eaten dinner so I just ordered a Nachos with Chili on the side as my table rent.  I asked for the chili on the side because one of my companions is a vegetarian.  The Nachos arrived with the chili integrated on the plate.  I commented on this to the server and they offered us a second vegetarian nachos on the house.  Both were fantastic and very different from any other plate of nachos I'd experienced before.  The cheese was real and not whiz.  There was some sort of sweet sauce mixed in and it was topped with julienned radishes which I thought really added to the final product.  I definitely want to return and sample some of the beers and other kitchen offerings.After my third visit to this fine establishment, I feel it's time to let you all know my deep and endearing thoughts. Hold on to your hats, folks. 
But seriously, UA is good.  Do yourself a favor and indulge in the nachos.  We got them sans any add-ins (chicken or beans? I forget the extras) and it was delish on it's own.  Freshly fried tortilla chips were heaven, and there was something in the salsa that was sweet- and quite refreshing. (I asked our server what was in it, and his response was "I watch them make it in the back and they put a whole buncha' stuff on it!")  
The rest of our dinner was good, but forgettable.  I had the chicken sandwich and greens, which had a hair in the salad.  He had the fish tacos, and they were cold.
All in all, it was a good meal with a great beer selection.  I am a sucker for anything pumpkin, and the pumpkin beer was excellent (they had two pumpkin beers at the time of our visit, but I do not remember specifically which it was) and very attentive service.
Lastly, if you plan on eating here, and ultimately, I suggest you do, make sure you bring a sweater/gloves/scarf.  I am always freezing in this place.Yelp's phrase for a 2-star review is "Meh. I've experienced better."  
I couldn't have said it better myself.
I was here for Quizzo (Johnny Goodtimes) - the Quizzo was the best part.  Sorry, also the beer.  One is provided by a man in a plaid jacket, and the other just comes out of a spigot.  The only part that involved the restaurant itself - the food, was pretty bad.  Here's the breakdown:
- The oven was broken, so a lot of the menu was unavailable.  OK, that's not the reason for the 2-star....but stil.
- The Pita Pizza with Chicken was a tasteless pita with 100% out-of-a-can sauce, out-of-a-bag grated cheese (and very little of it), and cardboard disguised cleverly as chicken.  I was starving and didn't finish it - it managed to simply arrest my appetite.
- My friends ordered hamburgers, and described them as "hockey pucks" and "hard meatballs".  I didn't try them.
- Another friend got nachos and simply said "they suck".  Sorry for the lack of constructive criticism - that's all I could get out of him.
This is my first ever negative review.  The service was OK, not great.  The atmosphere was good.  But man, that food was terrible.  The beer, Quizzo, and atmosphere kept this place from getting a 1-star, and the food had absolutely no redeeming qualities, keeping it from getting a 3-star.  Would I ever return?  Only for beer and quizzo - I'll go on a full stomach.I heard good things about this place but I have to disagree. The service was pretty slow and sloppy. The food was ok nothing special. The atmosphere was a little too yuppy or Artsy for my taste. If your into hippster places you may like the atmosphere but not me. Sorry wanted to like this place since it's in my area but I rather have La Famiglia back. By the way that's the former nameOk so I hate to be the person who gives bad reviews, but this one is certainly deserving.  First off, I was served rolls that were still frozen in the middle. Second, we waited over an hour for our food. We tried to find and contact our "waitress" to find out what was going on, but had an extremely hard time doing so.  We were eventually told that the kitchen was having a hard time and received our food to go an hour plus later....hopefully that entire staff was fired, but I will most definetly not be back.whatever you do, don't get the nachos.  $9 for a plate of half soggy, half burnt nachos. ew.This place just opened about 30 yards from my front door. It used to be an Italian restaurant called La Vigna, I think.
Anyway, The Ugly American is classy and comfortable, with a generously-seated bar, a good beer and wine selection, and some mid-priced lunch and dinner selections that leave you happy with the money you have spent.
Candles, a massive HD TV, and loads of elbow room at its many tables make this place a solid destination whether your trying to catch the game or survive your first date.
The employees and the clientle are friendly and you should try the spicy caramel popcorn. That's right, spicy.
Maybe I'll see you there - I'll be in there constantly.Nice bar.  Nice bartender.  Have gotten food here before and it was pretty decent.  The best part about this place is the artwork that people have made and most of it is up for sale.  We only stopped in here for a quick drink so maybe next time I can dabble into some more food.Atmosphere is great. Nice decor. Wine selection by the glass, sucks. The menu isn't the best. It doesnt match the space.  Always a nice crowd at the bar. Food is so so. They really need to explore more wine options.  and maybe rethink the menu options. I'll still hang out there for cocktails.This restaurant/bar is at the end of my block, and I've been there a few times - once for dinner and once for drinks.  The food was delicious and reasonably priced for what you get, but still a little bit of a budget buster for me.  The beer selection is great (Flying Fish 90 minute on tap!) and the bar menu is much cheaper and delicious as well.  I love walking the dog on Sunday mornings, because the scent of brunchy goodness overpowers the typical I-95 exhaust fumes on Front Street.  I should go more often . . .I happen to live in Pennsport, and this place has been slipping my mind recently. I don't know why, it just has. I had been here a handful of times, and recently returned. Good beer selection, late night happy hour, and a pool table and darts. They didn't even get mad when one memeber of our party literally threw every dart into the chalk board backboard (by accident of course!). Pleasant enough atmosphere, and the food is pretty good as well. Burger and wing specials on Wednesday nights. I am going to try and frequent this spot more often!My friend just moved to this area so we decided to cruise the bars which ended up really parking at one because of the sudden lightning storm and torrential downpour. Overall impression of this place was almost like meeting a D list celebrity. You have a "Oh cool! You were Data in The Goonies!" but then after that you don't really have much to talk about. 
The draft list wasn't super impressive but most of the beers on tap were pretty inexpensive so it was a good place to hang out for and grab a few at a good cost. The boy ordered a can of beer called Porkslap and spent many minutes making jokes about it, but zero minutes reviewing the taste. Although we ordered some food worth reiterating here in a review. On another random note: the bar tender and waiter were genuinely nice-- that always warms my heart.So I have been on a quest to try new places lately... mostly so I can review them on Yelp... but it has left me with an overall somewhat irritated feeling that I didn't try  all these awesome places years ago. In this case, the restaurant has only been open for 10 months, so I don't feel THAT bad... but it's literally RIGHT around the corner... and it is AMAZING! My friend and I got there early and we had the beef ravioli appetizer while waiting for our other friends to get there. When it came out we both made a face at the fact that there were only two raviolis for $8, but the second the first bites were in our mouths we agreed that it was TOTALLY worth it. They were absolutely delicious. I could have just gotten two more orders of them and called it my meal. We were also brought fresh baked rolls and butter... equally tasty!! Once our friends got there we all ordered: Chicken caesar salad, steak and blue cheese salad, bbq bacon cheeseburger and roast beef on wick (we still don't know what that means but it looks like a roast beef sandwich) and everyone was totally satisfied. Not to mention the raddest music selection ever (Bad Religion, Dropkick Murphey's and random other post punk bands), which we were informed was the bartenders ipod. The dining room is open til ten, but the bar is open til one... and I believe I have found my new neighborhood hangout!Already a great vibe here despite opening recently. 
It seems big until you walk around and realize there are only about 12-14 tables in total. This is what I call "philly casual" style... and not the Fishtown variation on that. The place is divided in two parts - one side bar and dining overlooking, the second is the quieter dining area separated by a wall running the length of the restaurant.  A couple of pieces of Americana style decor to go with the theme. Casual but clean.This bar/restaurant reflects the changing nature of the neighborhood. It seamlessly attracts patrons young and old, hip and non, low and high brow. 
The staff is friendly and helpful, always asking returning customers how they are doing. They remember your face,your name, and your drink. 
In recent months there is a scaled back menu, but the dishes are cooked well. Highlights for me are the steak, mixed green salad, nachos and fish tacos. Sunday brunch is quiet and the steak and eggs are remarkable and filling! Coffee could be a tad stronger for my taste, but they keep it coming. 
It is a comfortable and much welcome spot in the neighborhood and is beloved by all.The "only American beer on tap" idea employed here is a great concept, but poorly executed when there are only 8 taps and only 2 of those are ever subject to change.
Otherwise the food is pretty good, and the daily specials are worthwhile, but there is something a bit woeful about the place, unfortunately. A big shame, because the thing Pennsport needs more than anything to cross the line into hip 'hood is a bigger selection of cool bars & restaurants.  But despite its valiant efforts, Ugly American remains under-patronized and in danger of closing, I fear.Great food, fish tacos and steak salad are tremendous.  Good beer selection, and cool bartender make for a good night out.  Oh yeah, tons of easy parking!Love the name...hate, well.....
I went on the Ugly American website before going and decided that we would hit up their late night happy hour from 10-11 after seeing a movie at the Riverview (which is across the street).  
We went on a Friday night, and were seated immediately at the dining area in the back, which overlooked the crowded bar area.  Everyone looked like they were having so much fun down there at the bar, chomping on some kind of interesting looking popcorn.  We were the only ones sitting in the upper deck.  We asked our waitress (who was friendly AND funny) about the late night happy hour and unfortunately, only the front bar area gets to partake in that fun.  The front bar is the only place where you can get that crazy looking popcorn too.  Why were we seated here?!
Well, I guess because we looked hungry and unsettled from just seeing The Happening.  Which we were.  So, we took about 15 minutes staring at the menu, eating their complementary biscuits which I believe are exclusive to the dining area that we were sitting in.  
We ordered the cheapest drinks they had (a $5 glass of wine and I believe a PBC Kenzinger?) because we were pissed we couldn't get the happy hour.
There was only 1 vegetarian option, and my veggie friend had a hard time deciding if that was what he wanted.  So he didn't get anything.  I felt bad for suggesting the place...
But not so much because the food that I ordered was actually delicious.  I got a muffaletta that I split with my boyfriend which came with fries or a salad (we went for the fries) and it was fantastic!  I'm glad we spilt it because it was gigantic.  The asiago and olive salad complemented a slew of Italian meats fantastically, and the kaiser style roll was crispy on the outside and soft in the middle.
All in all, I loved the food and the service, but hated the dining area.  I wanted to be where the party was at at the bar eating that crazy popcorn, drinking thrify, and eating a muffallletta.  Next time, I'll do it that way.
P.S. Go in the bathroom and look at Texas.  It's HUGE!This is where I had my first solo exhibition in here United States, so I have a personal affection besides persona opinion about this restaurant. 
According to my friends who loves beer, their full bar has a great selection. 
The interior is beautiful.
Name is cool.Went for Quizzo on a Thursday.  Pretty small place but nice atmosphere.  Had the Phils game on one big flat panel screen to the left of the bar.  That made drafts $1 off.  Small (6?) but good draft selection.  They had Lager, Philly Walt Wit, Sly Fox's O'Reilly stout, Southampton Triple Abbey ale (good) and a Pale Ale supposedly made for the Ugly American by Stoudt's, etc.  The food was good.  I got hot wings: excellent sauce.  My girlfriend and I also shared a hummus plate which came with fresh spinach, roasted red peppers and a great feta.  Very good.  The bartender Danny was very friendly and attentive.  We'll be back!nice bar.  pretty decent beer selection and friendly bar tenders.  havent had their food but the nachos look good.  
would be a 5 star place but the lack of outdoor seating is a bummer.I must preface this review by mentioning I only go to Ugly American on Quizzo nights (thursday), which probably alters the experience a bit. 
I honestly would never have found Ugly American if my Quizzo team hadn't started playing here. It's not in my normal neighborhood, and in a fairly residential area. 
I generally just have a drink during our weekly visits, and I have no complaints about the drink selection here. There's a good beer list featuring some rotating seasonal drafts and a pretty impressive collection of bottles for such an unknown bar. I have eaten here a couple times, and the food is decent. My teammates swear by the macaroni salad, but I can't vouch for it myself. The veggie sandwich is surprisingly good. 
My biggest gripe is the service. I know we go on the busiest night of the week, which will lend itself to less attention from the waitstaff, but sometimes it borders on ridiculous. There seems to only ever be one server working. If you're a bar that knows you are twice as busy on a certain night than any other night, wouldn't you schedule your staff accordingly? The servers are friendly, but always frazzled and typically forget we're there. Not sure what the experience is on other nights of the week. 
All in all, it's a decent spot for a good beer. 
Bonus: It's always easy to find street parking in this neighborhood!Popped in the Ugly American after work one day. It's located in Pennsport with parking if you'd like pretty much on the street. There is a lot close by across Front Street which is free if you prefer that. The Ugly American has a neat split set up, with a lower bar when you come in, an area off to the right that's well lit by windows, and an area straight back which is more spread out.
We ordered muscles with red sauce for an appetite. The muscles were pretty taste. Came with a slab of bread to soak up the extra sauce. For meals we ordered a burger and chicken sandwich. The burger was cooked to order, pretty thick which I was not prepared for, and a good amount of burger to bun. But had a nice taste, the fries were decent. The chicken sandwich was also fairly tasty.
They have a neat selection of local beers, and seasonal beers, which I definitely recommend. Initially we always thought it was a sports bar, no idea where we got that idea, but we were nicely impressed. The décor is interesting with some of the tables having article clippings through important parts of Philadelphia history. Lots of sports articles, some local articles, kind of really neat to see from a South Philly place. It was clean, waiters were attentive, and bathroom was clean.
Honestly, we were pretty happy. Nicely surprised. I went with 4 / 5 as it was a nice surprise and we are looking to go back. We might just pop in for muscles as for taste, vs. price, vs. quantity it was a very reasonable provide. Staff for fun, attentive, gave good recommendations.Meh...
Thanks about all I have to say about this place.  I was told by a friend that it was great, but I think maybe high opinion was based on the beer selection.
So my ninjza (my gf) and I walked in and was presented a menu and a table.  I already had my mind made up on the trout sandwich that was featured on their website.  But alas, there was no trout sandwich on the menu the gave me, in fact 70% of the online menu wasn't there.
I settled for white mussles and the garbage plate.  The muscles were meh... best thing about them were the leeks, and as for the garbage plate, well I didn't actually expect garbage?  It is supposed to be two beef patties, macaroni salad, fries, raw onions, mustard pan sauce.  I was a bit hungover so I wanted something greasy.   This dish came accompanied with wing sauce, which I totally didn't understand.  The macaroni salad was just that, macaroni salad, the fries were fries but the "two beef patties" must have been plucked from the hockey field across the street.  Seriously, they were mostly 6oz patties at some point, but with the obvious tell-tale signs of 100% crispy and hard on the outside told me the "cook" just threw them in the fryer.  Ugh.
The staff was friendly, and our waitress was prompt and on her toes if we needed anything, with the exception of not knowing what the dinner specials were, but whatever.
I might find myself there for a beer sometime, but never to eat again.  Sorry Ugly American, but you can do better.I will admit I am a bit of a beer and food snob so this bar wouldn't normally be my first choice.  However I have very dedicated quizzo playing friends so they are in here weekly for a game and sometimes I tag along.  The decor is very cool, bits of Americana on the tables with some foreign accents.  It isn't overwhelming so the place doesn't come off like a TGI Fridays.  I've had some of the foo and it was all tasty pub food, the fries are particularly good.  The beer list is a little weak, but again I am picky.  I usualy get the DFH 60 min or the Ugly American APA, which I think is a rebrand of Yards Philly Pale Ale.  I have never seen them rotate in different beers which is really my only big complaint.   Service can be a bit slow, there is only one server for the whole place and it gets packed during quizzo.  So drink orders and water refills can take a while.  The kitchen works fast though and food comes out quick.  The server is always the same and seems like a nice guy, so I would say he just gets swamped sometimes.  I have had friends order the wine and it seems like it is always fresh.
Overall it is a decent pub, if you are a looking for some straitforward pub food and a beer its a good place especially if you are a local.  I wouldn't see any reason to go out of your way to come here since I am sure every neighborhood has some place like thisI have been here numerous times now. Every time I walk in, I always feel very welcome. The bartenders are wonderful. If you are looking to watch a game and relax, this is your place! I recommend everything. The fries are great as are the wings. Not to mention their red mussels and soups!The food is generally quite good. I've had the veggie sandwich, the burger (without the bbq sauce and it was great!), wings, grilled steak salad, some other things I don't remember now. The beer selection is usually great, with excellent seasonal drafts. The wait staff is friendly and competent.Waited forever to get served (but we were tucked into a corner, so it's easy to forget about us).  Then when the waitress came around and took our beer orders, she had to come back and inform me that the beer I wanted (Mad Elf) was out.  Sigh, it was only 8PM on a Monday night, they must be popular!  Then they ran out of BBQ wings and served me buffalo wings instead (without asking me first), which wouldn't be so bad, 'cept the wings looked like they may have been supermodels in a former life (read: they were stick skinny).  My friend ate his chicken and biscuit entree in two bites and was left feeling hungry still.  The food on everyone else's tables looked really good, however.  We must have just sucked at ordering.Tried this place for a drink initially and Jim the bartender is really cool, as most of the staff seem to be here.  
Just got back to try out the food finally and had a great meal with some friends.  We shared what we ordered and everything was great.
After reading some reviews here, (Yelp works!), we ordered the Fried Ravioli( Braised beef & ricotta filling, marinara,shaved cheese).  It was a tiny bit salty but in the best way. We all loved it and were glad we shared two orders of it.  
Most of what we ordered were specials, which were great.  One exception was the Fish Tacos (Grilled mahi-mahi, soft corn tortillas,
honey poblano sauce, fresh lime and cilantro).  These were really good and fresh. 
Though we were all full by the end, we decided to share a dessert since they all looked tempting as hell.  We decided on the Coconut custard pie with choc g'nache crust and it was super.
Dont know what our server's name is but she was perfect too.
Yeah, Im heading back there.The food was okay but not presented how I would have expected. My Ceasar Salad looked like the lettuce was a side dish. The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I would say the overall experience not horrible, not wonderful. Just okay.i have been to this restaurant a couple of times and i have mixed feelings about it. it is right around the corner from my house so i really want to like it, but i am not totally sure. the dinning room is cute and sort of romantic, but last night the stealers/ chargers game on an there were some rather excited people hooping and hollering, which was rather distracting. then they didn't have the beer on tap that i was looking for, but eh thats no big deal.  we ordered some nachos to start, which were yummy with a totally delicious sauce.  but when it came to dinner, their online menu and their actual menu were not the same, meaning the steak with truffles (the whole reason my roommate wanted to come) was not on the menu. so she went with the chill instead, yummy, but it was $15?!? i had the fish tacos which were not so bad, a little fish-y, but pretty good. for dessert we had the bread pudding and it was very very good. 
so all and all this place has its very good parts, and its bad parts. its just a matter of what you get.My friend and I arrived for brunch and we were the only ones in the dining room at 1pm on a Saturday. I asked the bartender if they were serving brunch and he said "I think so." He seated us & said someone would be right with us.
Five minutes later, the same bartender came to take our order.  My friend had coffee which she said was pretty lousy. She got sunny side up eggs which she said were overcooked. I got French toast, which was fine, except that the blueberries that came on the side were shriveled up and some were moldy - having worked in restaurants, I never, ever would have served those berries. 
My friend & I agreed that we would not be returning.My father and I come for brunch almost ever weekend. He likes the steak and eggs, this is one of the places that has it with a great quality of meat. I have had some nice meals here but usually there is not many options on the menu for me with my dietary restrictions.Good addition to the up and coming East South Philly area.    I haven't eaten here yet, but everyone I know who has says it's really good.  Especially the brunch selections. 
Had a few Harpoon Raspberry UFOs the other night when I was in the mood for a girly beer.   Basically a Dirty Hoe (wheat beer and framboise) premixed in a bottle, this was very tasty, light and not too sweet. 
They also had Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA on draft, which was killer, and only five dollars, for a sort-of rare and high alcohol beer.  Loved it with their bar snack, a very spicy popcorn with peanuts and caramelly toffee- careful, the heat builds and leaves you sucking down your beer!
All around very good vibes, bartenders were attentive and cool, can't wait to go for brunch!This place is wonderful. Simple. Delicious. Great crowd. Always a cheery mood.I like this place..  Honest and unpretentious food, good beer, and friendly service.  This is everything I want out of a neighborhood bar.  Reasonably priced.Great beer selection, and good food. I had Bear Republic IPA and a Cheesesteak Burrito. The bartender was friendly and the atmosphere was comfortable.  I was pleasantly surprised by the establishment and plan on going back again soon.Great local bar with a relaxed atmosphere. There's a draft list that's always changing but consistently offers incredible craft beers at very reasonable prices. Along with a long bottle list this makes the perfect watering hole for the south Philly beer snob. Well executed pub food completes the experience. Couldn't ask for more from a comfortable neighborhood meeting place.Went to "The Ugly American" tonight and this place is great.  Food is better than you could expect. I recommend also the homemade ice cream.The decor is charming and you feel right away comfortable.It is simply elegant, and very clean. + service is pro. I will go back with friends as well as with family, because the place is made for both. The side part is quiet and almost private. The bar is nice and really inviting. For those who love sport, knock yourself with the screen. If you are driving there, don't worry about parking,  there is a lot of space almost in the front of the restaurant.On a Tuesday night  by 7.30pm the place was almost full. I guess "The Ugly American" is going to be soon " fully committed". Well Done.We live right around the corner and dropped in for dinner on a Friday night. We sat in a smaller quiet area off from the main room. They had a beer menu but we both had wine.  Food menu was on the small side but food was great. I had the cheese burger and French fries. She had the chicken sandwich with brie and caramelized onions. We both enjoyed our meals and will likely return when in the mood for a casual local place.Went back a couple times recently; hadn't been since it opened. While the food is good and the service friendly and efficient, I was disappointed that they'd scaled the menu WAY back and that wasn't reflected on the menu shown online. 
It's a great place for a burger (excellent) and some drinks, but not really for a restaurant experience (which it kind of had been when it first opened). 
Parking under I-95 is great. Just need to run across Front St.Nothing really wrong with this place, but nothing really right with it either.  For me it's third best in the neighborhood behind the Industry and For Pete's Sake but not by much.
Yeah, there's some weird artwork here and the crowd can be sketchy but it's really all I'd expect considering the location.  Pulled pork is solid, beer selection isn't overly large, and there's a couple TV to watch sports.  Standard stuff.I have been patronizing  The Ugly American with my coworkers for Happy Hours or whenever we just want to grab a few drinks after work.  The bartenders are cool and always take care of us.  Though we don't make it apart of the agenda, if we somehow end up here on a Thursday night Quizzo is a great way to spend the evening. 
The burgers here are good, the nachos are good, and the wings are straight fire. Some of the best wings in the city are made at the Ugly American. 
Do yourself a favor. Grab yourself a seat at the bar, order yourself a craft beer, and an order of wings.... and you will be hooked. I love the trendy bars like Twisted Tails, but the Ugly American is straight bar and I love it.I love so much about this place!!!
The burgers are "insert awesome word here"!!!!
They had a very interesting sauce that I liked.
The waiter was very impressive, he took all four of our orders without writing them down. I always try to tip a little more for that.  He was very nice and polite. 
I would recommend this place to my friends if you wanna have a good night out for food and beverages.Going to the Ugly American on a Monday night is my favorite thing to do with said evening.  Phoebe, barmaid extraordinaire is trying to bring more cocktail type drinks to Ugly American and she's doing a fantastic job.    The crowd is chill and TOP GEAR (!!!) is on the television.  Getting tipsy while watching Jeremy Clarkson is pretty much my idea of nirvana.I went here last night and was pleasantly surprised considering the location of it and outside appearance. Inside is newly renovated, clean and comfortable. They have a great beer list for reasonable prices. Nice TVs for watching sports on. I really liked our waiter. He was friendly and attentive but not overwhelming. The only slight disappointment was that you couldn't actually use the dart board because there were dining tables in the way. Otherwise, I'm a fan of this place and since it's within walking distance to our house in QV we'll be going back again.The Ugly American is a great bar/restaurant in Pennsport. My husband and I went for dinner when it first opened years ago and we both thought it was a little to hoity-toity for our taste. (We had these mushroom meatballs that were soft and tasteless.) 
Now it seems to have come into it's own and relaxed a bit. You can go in for Happy Hour and have really good and BIG $0.50 wings. (Then they say "fiery" they MEAN IT. But in a good way.) 
It's a comfy place with good bartenders and waitstaff.The service was great, and a great ambiance for a date (I wasn't on a date but that's ok).  There wasn't very many vegetarian options, that's my only complaint, I was lead here on false pretenses that there was in fact many options but only like two.I've been to this place several time and my favorit menu item to order is the Grilled Chicken Sandwich,  the beer selection is great.  My girlfriend loves the Grilled Steak and Blue Salad.  
The only complaint I have is with the Roast Beef on Weck sandwich.  The description is the following:  "Caramelized onions, fresh horseradish, au jus."  That's it - another reviewer also had a problem with this sandwich in that the "au jus" sauce tasted funny I believe they described it as a fishy taste.  
When I asked why the Au Jus sauce was a cloudy almost whitish color and tasted kind of like vinegar or sourbread dough I was told they use a vegetable stock and actually mix the horseradish sauce into the vegetable stock to make the au jus sauce.  It just doesn't work together and should really just be taken off the menu or changed into a traditional roast beef au jus sauce sandwich.  
In fact this sandwich was so offensive to me that I wish others would try it, send it back and we could start a petition to have it removed from the menu as everything else on the menu I have tried is much better.  Sometimes simpler is better!   Whomever thought to come up with this au jus sauce conconction should be fired immediately.
If not for this sauce I would have given this place 4 stars!UA looks like a hole-in-the-wall type of place and I would imagine is often looked over in midst of South Philly. The food was good and the beer selection was ambitious. Its trendy, rather quiet and very cozy. It has a nice atmosphere and if my ex didnt live around the corner I would prob take the trip down to eat here again. The veggie pita pizza was awesome. Even more awesome were the fish taco's with mixed green salad. I sampled some pumpkin beer(obv seasonal) which was rather yummy. The steak & blue cheese salad was very interesting. Baby beets and taragon dressing? YUM!Cool atmosphere, good beers, waitress's aren't  the nicest people.  Wings are good, but overall the menu is weird.Out of all the restaurants in Philly, I've probably been to The Ugly American the most (15+ times?). It's really due to convenience; it's one of the few restaurants very near to our house in the Pennsport area, and we often end up taking our family and friends here. It's also a good place to stop by for dinner before catching a movie at Riverview around the corner.
Apart from wishing that their menu was a bit more extensive (due to, er, going there way too much and having tried everything I like at least three times), I really have nothing but good things to say about Ugly American. I worry a little bit about them surviving since the place is never busy, even on a weekend night, but I really hope they do. The service is always great, and while there is a limited drink selection, the drinks are good and they have a full service bar. I have frequently ordered the mussels, burger, and chicken ceasar salad, and they are always delicious. Prices here are very reasonable too. I guess I'm a little bit biased because I do feel some neighborhood loyalty to The Ugly American, but I highly recommend it to others who are looking for a nice meal out at an affordable price.This is rapidly becoming my go-to place in Pennsport. Not that there's much competition, but still - this place has everything I need in a neighborhood bar: 
Decent beer selection
Good food (had a kick-ass roasted red pepper soup tonight)
Attentive staff (they remember they've seen me before)
Pool table
Darts
Ping pong (ping pong table fits over the pool table, so sometimes you get it, sometimes you don't)
Neighbors
Apparently there is quizzo on Thursday nights. I'll be checking that out.
They really won me over last month when they allowed me to bring in a cookie cake for a birthday gathering.How do you ruin nachos? By putting no cheese on them...and adding raw radishes. Radishes and black olives and a sprinkle of cheese and that was all. How strange is that? Meanwhile the menu says "Refried beans, pickled jalapeños, red chili sour cream, honey poblano sauce". Nope. Not even close. Server didn't tell us they were missing items either. It was the weirdest plate of nachos I've ever had. Honestly just plain chips and cheese would make me happy.
Was excited that they had grilled mahi mahi fish tacos. Too many places fry the fish and then that's all you taste. Maybe this one should have been fried to cover up the fishy flavor and bad smell! Gross. 
Good for drinks. Bad for food. Even nachos....lol, OK, the name threw me off track. And, I heard of there garbage plate, your supposed to eat it?! Yeah, turns out it's: Two beef patties, macaroni salad, fries- raw onions, mustard pan sauce $12! Tempting... but I wasn't in the mood. 
I did try there Huevos Rancheros, not bad, presentation was nice, would I order it again, probably not. But I will check them out again and see what else they have to offer. Maybe the garbage plate? I just don't know. 
Oh, service was phenomenal! Very accommodating to an ever changing large group with numbers being added by the minute.As the establishment closest to my home - I am a bit biased, in that I've dined at UA well over a dozen times in the past year. I thought I'd share a review of where they are today. 
After some internal struggle and tweaking - Ugly American have finally settled on a simple yet creative menu; seasoned with just a few specials here and there. I've not been disappointed yet - I especially love their nachos - completely unique with a sweet and spicy mix that is to die for!
I am a fan of their Garbage Plate - but have enjoyed other entrees as well. Don't go by their online menu at their website - as it doesn't seem to be updated with what is ACTUALLY available.
The bar has a very casual vibe - good selection - and quite queer friendly; which is a nice oasis for an ever-growing queer population in the Pennsport section of the city. Additionally the music selection ROCKS! I'm always pleased with what I hear....
Also - they finally brought back weekend brunches - BOTH Saturday and Sunday afternoons!