I've been here twice and both times were delicious.  Great flavor, portions, pierogies, borsch, and its homemade.My 96 year old father enjoyed...like going to grandma's for a Sunday dinner.highly reccomend.Just ate some AUTHENTIC stuffed cabbage and mushroom/sauerkraut pierogies: I N C R E D I B L E
Super small place, run by one woman, so service is very hands-off but did I mention that the food was outstanding, cause it really really was! Cheap prices, menus in both English and polish; Its everything you could want from a Port Richmond hole in the wall. 
One side of my cabbage was still a little cool but the flavors are well worth less than perfect temperature situation.You just can't go wrong it seems with the food here. Mom's cooking. Soups are all terrific. Everything I've tried I've loved. The meat balls in tomato sauce are a treat. The loin of pork was generous & tasty.Amazing little mom and pop polish restaurant. Their perogies come in various flavors and they are all delicious. The restaurant is small with only few tables and every time we've visited, they were filled. The breaded pork chop was so flavorful!My boyfriend and ordered a variety of food for take out. We were really happy with the food. The stuffed cabbage, kielbasa, Pierogies and sides were all delicious. We're definitely going back.Please come and try this home style cooked polish food! Me and my husband like polish food, so one Sunday we came to try out! Home made pirogies are tasty, try with sauerkraut and mushrooms! The polish kalbasa platter is huge, you can easily share that between two people! Also give a try to home made raspberry drink, kompote. I loved it! If you have cravings for a comfort home made Western European food, please come here. The place is small and cute!Awesome food, super cheap, huge portions - and the woman who runs the entire place is amazing! Plus BYOB, FTW.I came here with my mom over the summer for lunch. As far as I could see there was just one woman taking the orders and cooking. If you don't speak Polish you can definitely get by here. So please don't let that stop you!
Now for the food- sooo delicious! I think everything is made to order so it took a little while, but definitely worth it. We ordered potato pancakes, pierogi and dumplings (like gnocchi) with a pork tomato sauce. They had no dessert that day. Everything was cooked just right. Very authentic meal (I'm 100% Polish). 
I've also ordered takeout and everything was great with that order too. When I went to pick it up, I saw they had a couple of desserts so I ordered a piece of cherry cheesecake- very yummy.
The prices are pretty good because the portions are on the larger side. I just wish the inside was a little nicer. That's okay, it's all about the food here.We just discovered this gem of a restaurant and eagerly look forward to a return visit. It's small in square footage but enormous in great food for super-reasonable prices. The stuffed cabbage and gnocchi goulash were both memorable. You will love this place.My husband and I stopped in with the kids for dinner yesterday. Everything was delicious. 
The owner was also the waitress, busboy, cashier, and chef so arrive patient. Well worth the wait.After being told that another favorite restaurant was closed for a private party, we decided to try the Dinner House for the first time.  Food was made to order so it took a few minutes longer, but we'll worth the wait.  The food was outstanding.  I was in Poland a few months ago and eating at the Dinner House took me right back there.  
The pierogie were excellent, the żurek was to die for and the borscht was as tasty as I ever had.  The French fries were made in house and the mashed potatoes came with a very tasty mushroom gravy.
I am so glad that the other restaurant was closed as this has become my go to for homemade Polish food.Oh my gosh, this is so far my absolute favorite place in Philly and I love the hostess/owner. We found this neat little polish restaurant after a thrilling day of axe throwing and were surprised by its humble appearance, as we were about to embark some serious, home-cooked polish masterpieces. I must first admit that my best friends growing up were Polish and the food I remember as a child by raiding their houses were replicated to the same nostalgia greatness here at the Dinner House. Here are my recommendations: all the perogies, get the borscht and tomato soup, the chicken dish, the fried fish (holly bejesus was it tender and very gently fried), the unique chocolate dessert (it's like bread pudding meets cake and let petit ecolier) and the stuffed cabbages. The owner was this super lovely Polish lady that did all of the cooking and cleaning and by the end of the meal, we were pretty much bumping shoulders and she'd give me a wink when I was requesting other specialty items and telling me straight up when we've ordered too much food. Of all of the food, I was not a big fan of the pork shops in mushroom sauce (forgot the name), as the meat as a little tough and bland, but the pork shoulder was quite delicious. The sour cabbage is a must-try and oh yeah, you'll be served like family, which is the best way of dining. My only suggestion is that there were a few flies buzzing around, which I think is a consequence of people leaving the door open on a hot summer day, but it did make me frown from time to time. But hey, who can blame these bugs from getting in on the action? Long story short, definitely come here to try out the food and I strongly recommend getting to know the chef/owner and just try out all the things you'd never know you were missing!
Food: 5 stars
Price: 5 stars
Ambiance: 2 stars
Service: 3 starsJust tried this place, based on a review in the Philadelphia Inquirer. The review was correct.  My potato panckes were crisp around the edges, and soft in the middle- just like my Mother used to make. My brother had pierogies, which he loved. My borscht was tasty and quite filling. My brother couldn't say no to dessert, so he had the apple cake.
The food was excellent, and we will go back soon.
I forgot to mention that the prices were low, very affordable.I grew up in a Polish neighborhood, and went to a Polish school and church. This restaurant was amazing! Everyone had soup- I had sour rye soup, daughter had pickle soup, and her partner had borscht. All perfect! My hubby had the duck with apples- lovely gravy, mashed potatoes and sautéed cabbage. We also had a Hungarian potato pancake with goulash, mushroom pierogi, and lovely blueberry pierogi for dessert!The food here is incredible. We ordered Golabki, pierogi, fried cabbage, fried pork chop and chicken cutlet, and several other things which I forget. Everyone raved no matter what they ordered. The portions are great for the price. The staff is very sweet (we did need to ask the Polish-speaking member of our party to step in for us when something was lost in translation, but that was fine). We took our food to go, as the establishment itself is on the small-side and we had a large party.Very sweet mom and pop restaurants. We were staying in Airbnb in the neighborhood and heard people recommended this place. We came in the night before we  were flying out of Philadelphia. We were at restaurant at 7, order was taken at 730 and food didn't start until 8.... I'm okay with slow service if just they're cooking in order, but they just keep taking to go orders and let us wait there.... four star because my husband likes this place.In the heart of the traditional Polish neighborhood of Philadelphia, Dinner House is a Polish restaurant that stands out.  Like all its 'Little Krakow' neighbors, you will hear mostly Polish spoken here but then that lets you know the food is genuine.  And it is!  Grandma is the hostess, waitress, and assistant cook - one busy woman - and she handles it all with a smile.  There is much to choose from in this small eatery.  Always eager to try something different, I began with the Ogorkowa (pickle soup).  Great choice - it was delicious.  For my main course I decided to go with the Polish version of the classic Austrian Wiener Schnitzel called Kotlet Schabowy. A little bit heavier than the original Viennese dish it was nevertheless tasty. A side of buraczki (red beets) and ziemniaki (mashed potatos) accompanied the dish.  The cost of all this was 12 dollars.  Eating at Dinner House will be tasty and filling and not break the bank. No wonder it stands out as a destination restaurant in Port Richmond!If you have never had Polish food I encourage you to come here!! The mushroom soup, the Zurek soup, the Goulash, the polish sausage and the chicken tender (schnitzel) were all really really flavorful and I am American! This place was delicious and very friendly! All homemade!! My husband myself and my 2 boys ate a delicious meal here! My kids are picky! Then we finished off with her homemade cheesecake and tiramisu! Wow not too sweet and really tasty!Literally the best polish food ever. I went to a fancy place in NY and this blows it out the water.  Taste like my in laws who are from Poland.Very Awesome place!  It is a small restaurant but the food is great.  We started with the pickle soup which was something I have never had and it was great with carrots shredded pickes a pickle flavor.  The cheese and potatoes pierogies were out of this world!  Sauerkraut and mushroom pierogies great too.  We wanted to try the meals and had the potato pancake with goulash and stuffed cabbage.  Most interesting was the salad side of fried cabbage very sweet and tasty.  This was way too much food for two people and will be eating out leftovers for at least two meals.  We will be back for more food.Just finished a great meal at The Dinner House.  Everything from my Sour Rye Soup to the Pierogis to the Platzki to the homemade Cherry Cheesecake was delish.  Everything made to order fresh.  Very reasonably priced.  A great addition to Port Richmond.  Can't wait to try something else on the menu.  
Oh and it's a BYOB.  Even better!
P.S.  Older Polish woman seemed to be the host, server, cook, and everything else.  She was a  pure delight!Place is awesome. Lived in Poland 5 years ago and this food brings me back. Highly recommend if you are craving classic polish food.Best REAL "Home made" food I have ever had, I will definitely be back! Small space to eat inside but I ordered mine to go. EXCELLENT!Wonderful! It's a cute little place with GREAT food! You have to go here! The Kielbasa sandwich was the best I have ever had. We got the hero to split and I loved it so much, I haven't stopped thinking about it since. We also ordered pierogis (6 pieces) - 1/2 potato and sauerkraut and 1/2 cheddar cheese. Delicious!! Last, we split the Hungarian Style Potato Pancake with Goulash. It's huge!! My dining partner liked the Potato Pancake and I preferred the Goulash. Neither of us liked eating both together. It was perfect for an early dinner. Plus it's not pricey. Shout out to the hostess/waitress, Patricia- she was so nice and answered all our questions. Really made us feel welcome. Anytime, I'm nearby, I'm stopping in for a bite.After reading the wonderful review in the Inquirer this past weekend we had a hankering for good Polish food. Stopped in today the restaurant is just like the article true to fashion. Our hostess/ owner was was very cordial and friendly. They have a large menu of most of the Best Polish items. Was hard to choose ended up up a large wonderful bowl of soup  cream of mushroom others had the chicken and another had the pickle soup. Delivered a nice large bowl of hot soup to start was wonderful. 
Next was an Oder of the potato pancakes w sour cream and plate of porgies cheese for the table both were great just like our Polish neighbors two nuns used to make for us. Delicious
.main course was of klomkis cabbage w potatoes
They were also so good Florida bashed over the dinner w coffee and a wonderful apple cake 
We look forward to returning againBest of cabbages I've ever had. My grandmother was of Eastern European descent and these were better than hers. They're goulash with potato pancakes was unlike anything I have ever had. It was phenomenal. Small neighborhood Polish restaurant. With literally, 4 sweet polish ladies,  hustling around doing everything  from scratch , without a doubt someone's Mom and Grandma. Almost forgot their pierogies we're awesome . If you like borscht you would truly be making a huge mistake cannot get a bowl of the Ukrainian hot borscht. It was without a doubt,Orgasmic . Yes my friends, believe it or not the borscht was better than sex. But being Ukrainian I really love borscht. LOLDelicious food. Best stuffed cabbage I ever had. The pickle soup was fabulous - never had it before and all of us thought it was delicious.  Small space. Eat in or take out. It's worth the trip.Hands down best traditional Polish food in Philadelphia. Great choice of soups, really good kompot, and great choice of dinner options. Highly recommend!This is like going to your grandmas house for a delicious dinner. Relax and enjoy your time. It may take some time for the polish nana/ nona to come out tothe front but say hello and grab a soda from the cooler and sit down. Cant go wrong with anything on the menu.Great comfort food like baba made!  If you're in the mood for different types of Pierogies they have them. The pickle soup and borscht both excellent and the stuffed cabbage good but perhaps a little too saltyDinner House opened up about two years ago; I remember visiting that location on E Allegheny Ave when it was a bakery.  On my recent visit the five table restaurant was being operated by two Polish grandma types, who both waited on us and were cooking the food in the back. 
Soups here are a measly $3. We tried the pickle soup and zurek, a sour rye soup. Similar in color, the pickle and dill flavor of the former vs the smokey pork flavor of the latter were quite different and I liked slurping a spoonful of one and then the other. I contemplated mixing the bowls but did not want to insult anyone's granny. 
​​
Dinner House offers a variety of pierogies but it was the Polish dumplings, "pyzy" that I wanted to try since I had never come across them before. The dough is made with potato and potato flour, giving  a gnocchi like soft texture. They came stuffed with tender beef and topped with onion. I took a few home and pan fried them, preferring the crispy texture. 
One of the larger dishes available is Hungarian potato pancake stuffed with goulash. This giant shredded potato pancake gets soggy fast, so eat up. Inside, find tender pieces of meat in a brown gravy. This is not something you want to tackle alone; bring a friend. 
On the side we sipped cherry juice and marveled at the dishes being eaten at the tables next to us- stuffed cabbage, pierogies, a crepe/blintz like dessert- will have to wait for the next trip. 
It looks like Dinner House is on Uber Eats if you can't make the trip to Port Richmond. But I would suggest forgoing the potato pancakes or anything else fried to avoid a soggy sad plate. Soups, pierogies, pyzy, and stuffed cabbage should all travel well. 
Bonus: Other restaurants in the area worth trying are Syrenka, M & T, and New Wave Cafe.  For a drink, try Donna's Bar.  To make a fully complete trip, you should really add in some food shopping. Go to Swiacki Meats or Czerw's for homemade kielbasa and Krakus Market for mustards and frozen pierogies; they also have a solid cafe attached. Last tip- in warmer months, bring your food to go for a picnic at nearby Graffiti Pier.The most authentic and delicious polish food ever! I grew up eating polish food daily and the food here is just like my Babcias! Great prices and so fresh. A must try!Really nice small local polish restaurant with home made food. Quant in the right way. Food preparation was total pro.This was just an amazing and delicious meal. The zurek was perfect for a chilly night. This is a sour white borscht soup, made with rye starter, smoked kielbasa, egg slices and potatoe. This is a meal in itself, especially if paired with a slice of rye bread.    
The golampki (stuffed cabbage) were phenomenal: not at all heavy, rice and meat and cabbage tender, all of seasoned just right with a sweet tomatoe sauce.  Very fresh and fragrant. The beet salad and mashed potatoes also yummy.   
Like a home cooked meal at Babcia's or Cioca's.I feel like 'solid' is the easiest way to describe The Dinner House.
The food was pretty good (my borscht was a bit meh...the meat pierogies just okay, and my cousin was brought spinach pierogies instead of mushroom...but the potato & cheese pierogies were solid as was the beet salad) and the service was very much more like a takeout joint instead of a sit-down place, as it seemed tap water wasn't even a drinking option and only beverages from a fridge were available. It was in the perfect location for us that afternoon, and a nice option to get pierogies and sit down rather than from a shop where we'd need to take them home to cook them ourselves.Absolutely delicious - fluffiest and light Cheddar and Onion Pierogies. Stuffed cabbage just like my Grandma used to make. Parking can be tough but worth every bit of extra care to dine here!Six or eight tables and two cooks/waitress. I got to try Polish cucumber (pickle) soup for the first time.   Mushroom and cheese toast was a little short on Mushrooms but on a delicious baguette.  Also tried sauerkraut and mushroom pierogies and blueberry pirogies for the first time.   Yummy potato pancakes made with grated not shredded potatoes. Very cute, local hole in the wall place.Can strongly recommend. Was with 8 person party. I had pickle soup and stuffed cabbage. Both were excellent, but especially the pickle soup, which was better than the hot borscht. I saw pictures of borscht that looked "nicer" elsewhere, but maybe it was the cold beet soup (with mushroom dumplings in it). I have also heard good things about the rye soup, tripe soup, and chicken noodle.
 I can also highly recommend the mushroom pierogis, which are shown here (had without sauerkraut; they also have a version with sauerkraut). Stuffed cabbage had really nice texture and was not too cabbage tasting, which is good. Had some meat and sauce on it, with really nicely textured potatoes on the side.
Others in the party had pork chop, which is very well priced and was good, but not as good as how others have reviewed it, and it was not among my favorite dishes. Potato pancakes were also really good, especially the more well done ones (served with sour cream).
I highly recommend and want to try more of the menu in the future.I hate to give this place a bad review, but here goes: After hearing good things about this little Polish mom and pop restaurant, we decided to give them a try on a cold Sunday evening in March. 
We requested a pitcher of ice water ... we got it. We noticed a foul smell at our table, but it didn't occur to us that it might be the water. I took a little sip of the water and - BLECHH! - it tasted like dirty mop water! I then took a good whiff with my big nose and, sure enough, the water was rancid. We didn't make a big deal of it, I just put it back on the counter while the ladies were cooking. That set the tone for the meal ... While patiently waiting for our meal, I saw a fat mouse scamper across the kitchen floor. Nice. 
I know pests are an issue in food service, but, between the mop water and the mouse, I was literally grossed out at that point and couldn't enjoy the meal (Hungarian potato pancake). I reluctantly ate half and tossed the rest. 
Mentally, I'll never be able to go here again.Stopped by for a quick lunch and fell in love with this cute authentic spot! The restaurant itself is small but clean and very welcoming. The waitress/owner was very sweet! The food was absolutely amazing!!  Everything tasted so fresh and homemade! We started off with the chicken soup, (served piping hot- just how we love it). Next, we and the cheese perogis with a side of sour cream (pillows of deliciousness that melt in your mouth). For our main course we ordered the stuffed cabbage and gnocci goulash. Perfection.This might be my most favorite place to eat. Ever. It is small inside and the staff is so friendly. Everything on the menu is delicious. You can't go wrong with whatever you order. A must try restaurant!!!!!I've only recently discovered this place about a month ago, thanks to my best friend. Been here a few times since and it's now my favorite.  
It's a very cute little place and it's just like eating at grandma's house!
The best pierogi I've had in recent years (especially the meat pierogi) and their cutlets are perfect. The stuffed cabbage is another favorite. I am not a pork chop person but I even enjoy them here!
We went went last night for my birthday dinner  and going back again tonight to wrap up my bday weekend right :)Took my GF here and had great dinner in The Neighbor hood. The staff made everything from scratch and it tasted great. Best of Port Richmond for sure, only the Dining Room was small for a Restaurant and felt like a living room Renovation. W5131773Last Sunday, I ventured out to Port Richmond section of Philadelphia to eat Polish food. This is a wonderful restaurant, very small, but service was excellent, and so is the foods. I ordered Hunter Stew and Meat Perogies to eat there. The stew hunter is a basically sauer kraut and kielbasa, it's so good and flavorful. I love sauer kraut so this dish  is perfect for my taste. The steam meat perogies was so good, and you can tell it was hand made there. I got stuffed cabbage, pork knuckles to eat for dinner with the family. We all agreed the meat within the stuffed cabbage was flavorful. The mashed potatoes is fresh with chunk in it, definitely from real potatoes . I totally love the pork knuckles, meat fallen off to perfection, even my 22 months old love it. I had the pickle soup today and it still good after a day, perfect in this weather. The price is very reasonable too, and this is probably my first time having authentic Polish food. IWent here for lunch today with my son and we absolutely loved the food. It is a tiny place. There was only one woman most likely the owner working all three tables and cooking all the food. I took one star off just because service was lacking but she was doing it all by herself. We weren't given napkins, or silverware, my son  got up and got them himself. The food did take awhile to come out but was so good once it arrived. I definitely want to go back to try the stuffed cabbage and borscht. The lemonade pictured was a little weird.I was in this neighborhood hoping to have some easy access to goulash and gołabki, and I was lucky to find this place. Small store front but the interior is pretty cozy. Young waitress makes me think its a family run business, plus peeking back into the kitchen, you can see everything being made and put together with love! 
Overall, everything was well balanced in flavor, and of course add salt if you want, that's why they have salt and pepper on the table. Homemade gnocci with the goulash was a great texture with the beef, and the mashed potatoes and pork stuffed cabbage rolls and sauce went perfectly together. I really hope to try more eastern european food in the area-- some cuisines are meant to inundate you with flavor and spice, and some are meant to be classic, simple delights. So far, these Polish delights have me smiling!You have many choices for Polish cuisine if you are in Port Richmond.  But it's probably not the best idea to start knocking on the doorposts of random residences on Thompson Ave.
I have a better way.  Let me help you.
The best Polish restaurant in Port Richmond is The Dinner House.  Inside it's clean and cozy with little touches from Poland that they probably don't even notice (e.g., the ceramic ware).
There's a nice weekday lunch special for like $7.
What to order?  I would strongly recommend the Chlodni Litewski (a cold borscht served with a hard-boiled egg) and the Golobki (stuffed cabbage filled w/meat).
I ordered the pierogi once--mine were filled with meat--and they were tasty but not out-of-the-ordinary enough to justify that I would order them again.
This place isn't necessarily for the vegetarians:  MittelEuropean cuisine stems from a tradition of eagle-eyed hunters and hardy farmers, not the picky Portlandians of our sad modern ageGrew up in Port Richmond so have had my share of Polish food. Thought the breaded pork chop was best thing we sampled. I'm not a chop fan normally but this was very thin and tender and the breading was very good. My wife liked the kielbasi best. I thought it was real good but I'm spoiled by Swiacki's which I think is best in city. The meat pierogies were real good too - thin, light dough and tender, finely ground meat. Deducted points since they were only boiled, not browned. Cole slaw and beets were good sides but potatoes were disappointing. Not creamy and kinda bland. Amazing part was the whole dinner cost $25 tax included. Portions were big enough to bring home leftovers. Service was a bit haphazard since one of the ladies works the kitchen and also serves up front. Will definitely return for the pork chop and to sample more items on menu.I absolutely love this mom and pop kitchen (which is actually just a mom (or grandmom maybe?).  Authentic home polish cooking that's fresh, flavorful and wholesome.  It's also wonderfully affordable.  Im in love with the breaded pogrkchop , like schnitzel but better than Ive had anywhere, and the perogies are heavenly (mushroom especially good).Fresh, authentic, and delicious! 
I love this neighborhood restaurant. I've never dined in, but I order from here often via delivery service or to carry out. Everything is always still hot and fresh. I recommend the potato pancakes and the pickle soup, though everything that I've ever tried is great!In my fair 'hood of Port Richmond, there are certainly many options when it comes to polish food. However, methinks the Dinner House ranks up there as the best around!
I've been there a few times, so I have sampled quite a bit. Potato pancakes here are a must. The pierogies are ok but I wish they were a bit more well done. Stuffed cabbage is the best, breaded pork chop is great, and the bigos is very tasty and filling. Portions are pretty large and the prices are very reasonable. 
The only issue as others have noticed is the service. The lady is lovely, but if she's going to be cooking maybe she should hire someone else to take orders, answer the phone, etc. Definitely check this place out if you are hungry and not in a rush!