I am a huge fan of this local secret. I don't actually live anywhere near Philly BUT every time I visit I make sure to get at least one of their bikeshop bagels and a Kelp Smoothie. They're so inventive with their tastes and ideas. While not every single one is a perfect hit in my taste buds (one time i got a peanut butter chocolate thing and it was OK... Not my taste... Possibly the Nudge) nothing can make me hate them because of the amazing prize-winners they make (bikeshop bagel and kelp smoothie obviously). 
I guess I'm to assume the reviewers who wrote about poor service and them running out of items came in on bad days? Or at the wrong time of the day (the busiest or latest)? The people who work there are ALWAYS so sincere and interesting and willing to talk to me. Only once have i wished my food would come out faster (my only tiff) and that was because I couldn't wait to bite into that amazing bagel. 
For the punk part. I don't consider it punk. I think it's trying to go for the starry natural indie look more. If you want to call that punk, be my guest, but German punk is what my head goes to when you say that, and leather jackets and 80's crazy hair and piercings. The Satellite doesn't strike me as being that. They're more music scene, appealing to the people that like it. If you don't like the way it looks, get with it, or go to Starbucks or something. The local experience is here and if that's not what you're looking for, don't go. But even if you've had a bad experience or don't think you'd like the so-called "punk vibe" at least try the bike shop bagel and kelp smoothie and maybe that'll change your mind.Great value. Love this place.
Great coffee and good food at very reasonable prices.
Never had any issue with service or cleanliness.
Always interesting clientele with a punky/funky atmosphere.Ambiance great, coffee bad, bike shop great, no-wifi-until-3pm (and not advertised anywhere) bad. It's a pity, because this place could be a five star neighborhood favorite.I really have a soft spot for this place. It is simultaneously intimidating and welcoming. It's dingy, but warm; gritty but clean. It's perfect... To me, at least.. this may not be everyone's thing.  I've met some fantastically interesting people in here. Like once this past winter a dude came in barefoot. There were 3 inches of snow on the ground and this man was barefoot, because fck it, you know, shoes are for the bourgeoisie.
And then a few weeks ago I met a man who invited me to a kombucha brewing class. I had been having a really 'Portlandia' kind of day anyway, and this just tipped it over the edge. 
But yeah. The coffee is fine. The food is cheap, pretty original, veg, vegan, GF friendly and tasty. I really like the vegan killer black bean on a GF wrap with extra spinach and avocado myself.
Okay, yes, there are places with better coffee, better food and all that, but I'm giving Satellite 5 stars, because it's a truly original and awesome place. If you're new to town and really want to meet some Bmore ave locals, come here.
p.s. everyone calling this a "hipster" coffee shop should probably go back to whatever normcore planet they hailed from. You know nothing of hipsters. You want a hipster coffee shop? Go to B2 on East Passyunk. You will have a difficult time pushing through the cloud of irreverence to get through the door. Satellite is punk. and queer. and awesome.Satellite is my neighborhood cafe, with reasonable prices and plenty of vegan treats.  They have a pretty good selection of bagels, and the coffee is above average.
I honestly just can't get beyond how dirty this place is.  The lighting is usually dim (which doesn't help), the tables were sticky when I went my one and only time (hint: I almost never only visit a place once), the bathroom was ... yeah, and the floor didn't look as if it had been swept recently.
The bar is also very small, which makes it difficult to have more than one or two people back there -- which means you will be waiting for your order.  Obviously, if you plan ahead, no big deal.
Basically, if you're okay with your food places filthy, Satellite is probably a solid four stars.  That's not something I compromise on, though.i've been there once, and i THINK i was asked to join their staff?  i assume so, since when i asked if they could fill their half and half carafe, they pointed to the fridge and said "it's in the fridge."  i haven't gotten a paycheck from that day, but i'm putting the job on my resume.
they get two stars because it's close to my house and i remember it was decent coffee.I actually want to give Satellite Cafe 2 stars, but it's not fair because the food is good and really cheap.
It's just... I think of going there all the time to get a bagel with delicious and unique toppings like fresh spinach and olive tapenade, but I can't.  Because I called to place an order once and was told they don't take orders over the phone, kind of snottily, and then was hung up on before I finished talking.
I know it shouldn't be that big of a deal to go in and order a bagel, but it is, because they consistently take at least 20 minutes to make a bagel with no cooked ingredients.  And they won't even let you order and come back unless you pay first.   Not everyone has all day to mill about their local coffee shop waiting for a toasted bagel.  I do, but that's beside the point.  
Also, when I'm in there, I feel like I could be in a filthy youth hostel basically anywhere in the world.  When they closed for for "renovations", I guess that just meant repainting one wall red that was already a red wall.I'm in town visiting a friend for a few days, and it was suggested that I had to see west philly.  So I drove out here only to find out I'd forgotten my wallet back at my friend's apartment.  I knew I didn't want to drive all the way back, deal with the headache of parking, and come back.  So I combed my car and came up with $7 in quarters.  I searched for a cheap cafe and found the Satellite.
Right when I walked in it felt like all West Philly was described to me as.  Crunchy, crusty, punk, and generally alternative.  The staff were really nice and chill, and they had good music playing.
There are plenty of vegetarian and vegan food options.  The best part about this place is that everything is priced modestly and realistically.  I got a bagel with PB and coffee all for under $4.
I spent the day here reading and had a lovely relaxing time.  So glad I found this cafe!
The only con I can think of is that it's not very big, and seats fill up fast.I find myself in a conundrum about this place. These reviews are All. Over. The. Place. For one, this joint is far from being hippie. Serving vegan/vegetarian only does not equate hippie so lets get that out of the way yeah?Also, the staff has been nothing but cool when I have come in. 
I go for coffee and on those times the coffee has been right. It reminds me of some of the joints I visited in Portland, in fact if I didn't know I was in Philly I would say it was a PDX shop while inside. For one their chai is real chai, not this premixed garbage a lot of places serve. I like that. I dig the grungy, gutterpunk ambiance and even though they play cookie monster metal which isn't my favorite, it fits what they are trying to do.
I have yet to partake in the goodie case but all the baked goods look right. I will come back and post about those when I do.
My only complaints are two... if you are gonna serve in real cups for consuming on premises I would prefer a cup that isn't all chipped and cracked. But hey maybe that is part of the allure? Also, check your syrups for ants, my vanilla chai had a stow away. Not enough to pitch a bitch about it. I lived in Mexico before so I am used to that business but I could see why that may turn off the average patron. 
Heads up, it is cash only so if you come unprepared, hit up the ATM across the way.Loved the atmosphere but the food and coffee were pretty awful. My wrap tasted as though there was no seasoning in it at all (maybe some are into that idk) and the coffee I got was two hours old. (You can tell by the displays on their dispensers). Yow seriously awful coffee. 
All in all awesome for atmosphere but I'd stick to cold brew and baked goods.This place never disappoints. It has tasty veg/vegan friendly options and a homegrown/chill atmosphere. Support local coffee shops! Only downside: the service is super slow & they have gotten my order wrong a few times, which doesn't really bother me since everything is delicious& I'm easygoing but it would be nice to get what I ordered sometimes...hah.I was here once, while on a walk in West Philly. It's pretty small (maybe 4-5 tables inside). Most of the fare seems vegetarian, but I believe they had a salmon sandwich and a turkey one. When we were there (I think a Saturday afternoon), it was one person taking orders AND making the drinks/food, so it took a few minutes to get our three coffees and sandwiches. Not a big deal, though. And the cashier/cook/server was also pleasant when one of us changed our order. We all got breakfast burritos. They were pretty tasty, but nothing special. Kind of on the small side, but so was the price.Satellite is a great coffee shop. A chill place to hang out, plus plenty of vegan options and outdoor seating make it way more hospitable than Green Line.LOVE the Satellite. True, it is a little grungy, the food is yummy and vegan-friendly but can take a while if it's busy, and I have had some not-so-nice service (mostly by people who don't work there anymore). But I'd much rather have personality than perfection, and the Satellite's got personality oozing from its tattooed pores. There are always some interesting conversations to be overheard from its clientele of local students, intellectuals, activists and eccentrics. It has a funkiness that is fine with me but probably is not for everyone.
I come here for coffee almost every day, as it is super close to my house. I would go a little farther for a good cup of coffee, but the Satellite's coffee is great. They always have 2 excellent varieties of self-serve brewed coffee, my favorite in the neighborhood, and all drinks are 50 cents off if you bring your own cup. No decaf though, they have to make that individually. Kale smoothies are the bomb.
Nice folks, crazy art, free wifi and computer use, and a section with children's books that keeps my daughter occupied while we wait for our bagel. The Satellite is a wonderful and colorful little coffee shop that will keep me returning for years to come.
(In response to certain other reviewers: 1. I am pretty sure the zucchini bread has chocolate chips in it, so they are one and the same.  2. They actually do have fake sweetener; maybe you missed it because it's not kept right next to the other condiments. Unless they were out that day. It happens.)I can't help but love he Satellite.  First of all, the French Roast and the Sumatran are both great, so there is usually at least one type of coffee that I can count on on any given day.  Secondly, the food is great.  I've heard tale of undercooked food, but I always ask for extra crispy so I can't really speak to that.  It's not as though you're eating raw chicken anyway, it's a black bean burrito with pre-cooked contents.  How much more cooked can you make it.  The pastries from Four Worlds are always perfect, as are the various vegan brownies, which please even this non-vegan.
As for slow service, it really depends on what you're expecting.  People are rushing in on a Saturday to get one of the coveted bagels which are in limited supply and cure hangovers.  A fantastic bike shop sandwich here is the price of a bagel with cream cheese at Green Line.  If you're just stumbling into a strange neighborhood, yes, it might be annoying, but if you do it every week, you are getting a chance to talk to your neighbors.  I'd rather wait 20 minutes for a $2.50 bagel sandwich than 45 minutes for ten dollar pancakes.I must confess, Yelp, it took me an egregiously long time to come to Satellite.  Despite my many trips to Firehouse Bikes (upstairs) and Dock street (next door), I never stopped in for coffee.  Perhaps because I don't really hang out in coffee shops - I'm the type of person who gets work done in a library.  But I was feeling the need to chill and get some work done on Memorial Day, so I hopped on my bike and went right over.
The inside is a little too bohemian for my tastes.  It's kind of dark and kind of cluttered, but homey - like your hippie grandmother Ethel passed it on down to her peace-punk kiddos to do as they liked with it.  I like sun and fresh air, so I sat outside.  
The girl working the counter was friendly and got me my drink fast and the banter outside was nice.  Casual, but interesting (yeah, I judge a cafe by the eavesdropping I can do there).  Combined with the traffic on Baltimore ave., the kids playing in the park across the street, and the birds chirping (I love spring!) I had the perfect grant-writing soundtrack.  My iPod stayed in my bag the whole time, but as far as music is concerned, I did hear the Arctic Monkeys coming through the stereo at one point.  I'm not sure if it was from Firehouse or Satellite, though.
But here's what seals the deal:  I'm sitting in the shade, writing this on a wi-fi connection called "Drink More Coffee!" while looking at a beautiful garden and feeling the breeze drift by.  I'm pretty sure I'm having a perfect day, and I'm glad Satellite could be a part of it.I made a few stops at Satellite this week after not having been to Philly in a couple years, and I'm happy to note that it hasn't changed a bit--it's just as good as I remembered. The kale smoothies were awesome, and so was the vegan pumpkin whoopie pie (!) I highly recommend this place.Rude service the few times I've been here. Coffee was okay. I will give it another shot.Satellite has always provided me with quite a relaxing atmosphere, while reading a book over coffee, that I did not feel like making myself.  This is extremely important to me.  Not to say that the noise level is that of a library, which it most certainly is not.  There's a soundtrack present, which kind of hits me as a low hum of punk, and which I kind of tune out after a while.
So coffee, yes this is why I came in the first place wasn't it?  It's quite tasty, and in several varieties in different pour your own carafes. I can't speak for the quality of other various espresso/coffee/milk/foam etc. combinations, since I tend to just order coffee at whichever cafe I happen to visit.
On to food, the barista recommended the bike shop special bagel.  Well it just about knocked my socks off and was certainly one of the better bagel and topping combinations I've had.  Although I've not had some of the more elaborate cakes, the cookies are rather tasty as well.   
Now having read some of the other reviews I would like to make one thing clear.  The vibe at the Satellite is not really of the hipster variety.  There are punks yes, and there are punks of varying crusty varieties.  There are most certainly people who appear to have hippy leanings.  I cannot however say that I have seen many hipsters.  If you enjoy going on safari and spotting hipsters in their natural habitat, I suggest paying a visit to nearly any establishment that serves coffee in Fishtown, where they thrive in abundance. 
The service was quite alright, and I would go so far as to say that I really didn't pick on an "I'm cooler than you because I'm on the other end of a counter in an independently owned cafe" vibe.The Satellite is run by West Philly, DIY punk/hippie/genderqueer types who wear dumpstered clothes, put shabby-looking art on the walls, and play obscure music over the loudspeaker.  Some people may feel excluded and alienated by this scene, but I happen to love it and feel at home whether I'm wearing combat boots or a work outfit involving pressed slacks!
There's a lovely garden out front where you can sit, drink your ice coffee and hang out with the Satellite cat, Luna!
Word to the wise: do not order ANYTHING complicated if you are in a hurry.  Often there are only one or two employees running the whole kitchen and cash register enterprise.  Your special wrap will be in a long line of others, and it will take FOREVER as you watch the #34 trolley come and go, ensuring you'll be late to wherever you're going.
On the plus side, this is the kind of place where you can buy a coffee and hang out with your laptop on the wireless internet for ages and no one minds, so long as it's not crowded.  There is also an iMac you can use for free, 15-minute internet access.
(Quick aside: I thought I hated the Gold Standard down at 48th and Baltimore.  But I find myself going there just for coffee more and more... it's less crowded and the line moves faster.  And it is also a local shop, though more generic and not at all punk.  So Satellite has become my hang-out place, and the Gold Standard is my harried-commuter place.)Great place to chill out and sip a beverage.  
  Had a Black Bean Wrap, which has black bean, brown rice, spinach tomatoes, and mozzarella all wrapped.  It was tasty and nice.  A great way to start the day.
  Have patience service can be slow at times.
Decor:4
Food:4
Service:3
Would I go back?  You bet your pastrami I would!I love Satellite. SO many great vegan food options (including a grilled cheese) and a bunch of vegan desserts all from Vegan Treats. Vegan Treats really just needs to come to Philadelphia, on a side note. They also have a very extensive tea selection and some other pretty good looking drinks.This is one of my favorite vegan spots to eat at. They have they have the best vegan black bean wrap. I also liked their magic bagel. This place is very welcoming and is a great place to sit down and relax.An eclectic place under Firehouse Bicycles. Extensive coffee house menu, but unfortunately they're always out of many items -- and what they're out of varies from day to day. Some days - no decaf beans, no soy, no pastries... When they've got what you want, it's good - good java, appetizing food choices. Staff varies from friendly to confused to disinterested - again, it seems to all depend on the particular day.I can't stand this place. Everything from the fake-ass punker look to the really horrible service [is it supposed to be cute or endearing?] has made me never visit this joint again. Every time I've gone here, the staff have been rude, as if asking them to make me a hot chocolate is offending their religious beliefs. If you don't wanna make coffee, why the @#$% do you work at a cafe? Perhaps this satellite will drop out of orbit...The Satellite Cafe in theory is a great concept however the product itself is mediocre. I ordered an ice coffee which was extremely weak and was in a paper cup that was lined with that plastic(y) inside and I couldn't even finish my coffee because it tasted like plastic/the cup. Also they're serving iced coffee in a hot coffee cup, not very stable. We ordered two paninis which were ok. Pretty basic just a wrap put on an old school grill filled with egg and another with pesto and mozzarella. They took a decent amount of time to make because the cafe was busy and there was the one panini press. I asked the barista if they had cinnamon and he was not very helpful.. after a pregnant pause he responded that maybe theres cinnamon, he hasn't seen it in a while so maybe they don't have it anymore.. probably not. I can see why locals love this place but it is certainly not anywhere I would go out of my way to go to.I'm a barista. At a specialty coffee roaster. And honestly, the coffee is not excellent here. Neither is the iced coffee. But you know what? It's not about that. The atmosphere at Satellite is out of this world. 
The prices are stellar cheap, so make sure to tip. The sweets are huge and many vegan friendly. The kale smoothie really is as good as people say. The breakfast burrito I would pass on. The wifi can be slow at times; if you're doing something like web design, it's not the place to be. 
But come sit down and get to know your west Philadelphia neighbors. Hang out on the patio and talk to people. Find an interesting event posted on the bulletin board. Get a refill of your coffee, it's cheaper once you've already dirtied a cup. And it's way better & way cheaper than Green Line's coffee. 
They play great music here. Think X-Ray Spex, Ramones, Devo. 
This cafe is one of the staples of West Philly, and a very safe place. I am reminded why I moved to this neighborhood and why I'm still so proud of it, every time I go.I really hate this place.  Largely it's because the staff has been rude and unpleasant. 
The coffee is good but the couple of times I had food it was not very good.  Once I had a piece of chocolate cake here.  You know when your fridge hasn't been cleaned in awhile and any food you leave in there absorbs the not so fresh scents?  It was stale and tasted like that. Another time, I ordered a veg chicken sandwich and they neglected to tell me that it comes liberally sprinkled with cayenne pepper.  The four year old I was trying to share it with was not pleased.
Periodically when I am in the area I think I should give this place another shot.  Some lovely people I know spend time here.  But every time I go back I don't like it.  I think I am done trying now.A casual coffeeshop brimming with vegan delights - drinks, desserts, bagels sandwiches. Very reasonable prices.
My current favorite is the peanut butter bomb cake.
It's so delicious I can't even understand it.I was visiting a friend around this neighborhood and she recommended this place. I got a latte to feed my caffeine addiction and was more than satisfied with the quality. The Bike Shop Special bagel was also delicious and well priced, I'd probably eat one everyday if I lived in the area!They have some good vegan food, some fun and tasty options, cool place to hang out as wellto be honest, I like my coffee shops a little grungy, a little rude, and with lots of table space. satellite was just a little TOO grungy for my taste. 
service was lovely when I was there, despite some of the other reviews...There is something so satisfying about the Bike Shop Roll Up. I'll order it any time of day. 
I love this crusty place and I hope it never changes.I dig places that are unapologetic about who and what they are. I appreciate character. When I forget to eat breakfast or just don't have time, Satellite is my go-to. Bike shop bagel sandwich.  Black bean wrap--the spicy one. Simple, savory sustenance. Wait the 10 minutes, it will be worth it.There's a fine line between dumpster chic and dumpster. Unfortunately, this place falls on the wrong side of it. Popped in to work for a few hours based on positive yelp reviews, but was completely underwhelmed. My iced chai latte tasted like a strong black tea with some soy milk poured in. I'm not sure where the spice was. It looked like they had a decent selection of vegetarian fare, but after seeing the absolutely disgusting bathroom (presumably used by employees), I wasn't willing to touch the food.
Not a great spot to read or get work done, owing to the general dark and gloomy atmosphere. Also, cash only, so if you do stop in make sure you have some on you.A little cafe that I think has a lot going for it, but could do a lot better.
It's a quirky hole-in-the-wall (which I love), has a great location on Baltimore avenue just on the West border of the more gentrified section, and they serve loose-leaf teas, and a wide array of baked goods.
So why the harsh rating?  The issue is freshness.  Who knows how long the teas have been sitting there?  They have a huge selection and turnover is low.  I've ordered tea here and, even for types of tea that tend to keep a long time, like black tea, it doesn't tend to taste very fresh.
There is also an issue with freshness of baked goods.  I ordered a cookie here once and it had a printed date of about a week ago, on the cookie.  Contrast this with other places, even in the neighborhood, where you can buy baked goods.  Four Worlds bakery sells stuff baked in the morning, and you can taste the difference in freshness.  I even think that other cafes, like Green Line and Metropolitan tend to stock consistently fresher baked goods.  I notice that both Green Line and Metropolitan mark down their old baked goods to half price, so that they quickly clear out.  Satellite doesn't (at least as far as I know) and instead it keeps a big stock of stuff, and then it isn't fresh.
I really would like to see Satellite ramp up the freshness of the baked goods and the tea.  Seriously, CLEAR OUT THE WHOLE FREAKING STOCK OF TEA AND THROW IT OUT.
And pare down your selection--including both tea and baked goods.  Like, stock only a few types of each, whatever ones are the best sellers, and stock them in a small enough quantity that they sell out.  With baked goods, ideally, get them in fresh every day or every other day and quickly mark down the day-old ones that don't sell.  With tea, the margin of error is much longer, but ideally, plan on restocking each tea every 3 months or so.  And store the tea in metal tins, not glass jars--the light makes it spoil much faster.
Then, as you build a reputation for top-notch, fresh tea and baked goods, start working up to build a selection as you're building up the volume of sales.  That's how I'd run this (or any) business, and I think it would really ramp it up, probably to a five star establishment.
I just can't in good faith give more than 2 stars when I've had such non-fresh stuff here.Good prices, air conditioning, some community minded vibes (the "pay it forward coffee tickets). I note when my Indian friend asked if he could come in with his dog to buy a coffee they said no, while last time I was there a big white dude with a big pit bull came in, bought a coffee, hung out and talked while the dog sniffed around, and nobody said anything. I get that customer service may not be the wave in the anti-capitalist environment (and I'm ok with that esp cuz it's cheap). But if you're not consistent, it might favor the entitled.Today was my first time in here so maybe it was just one of those days, but the service was terrible and the servers were terribly rude to their customers. They were out of coffee on a Saturday morning and didn't explain that to me as I stood there waiting for a cup of coffee and she turned around to make a smoothie. It seemed like everyone was hung over and on their last nerve. They snapped at a customer whose order they had forgotten to make and the staff blamed it on someone else probably grabbing the food. 
There were three people behind the counter but I swear only one knew what was going on and trying to hold it together. She had to ask someone to stop messing with their phone to handle the register and it seemed like she was training the other person how to brew coffee. 
I'll hold off on visiting this place again for a bit. Maybe they need to fire some of their staff or hire more, 'cuz otherwise the vibe was cool and it seemed like it could be a fun place to hang out.This place is adorable. It's what a coffee shop should be. Everyone has always been pleasant to me and I enjoyed the food and drink. However - the tables are filthy. That's my only complaint.Disappointed by the awesome reviews.. and nope, I didn't even leave with a bite to eat
Arrived around 12pm noon super excited to try the infamous Bike Shop Special. The lady really wasn't all that friendly. i guess it was too busy to be friendly.
Sat down, waited for 15 minutes for my bagel. I went over to check on it. 
" Oh, they took the wrong bagel. Here you go. they said they didn't touch it."
" You can either get your money back, or eat it. I'm all out of bagels "
Negative experience. Too bad , since I live 2 blocks away and was ready to love this place.The food is ok if your a vegan, but the workers are wannabes upper crust punks with a silver spoon in their behind. I lived in West Philly for seven years now, and almost every time I ordered drinks or food the staff acts like your bothering them.  I guess if you're a hipster with a bad snobby attitude this is the place for you.......The Satellite is great.  The coffee is some of the best in the city (they get it from Fonseca, an excellent local roaster), which is reason enough for me to keep coming back.  Sandwiches and wraps are delicious: The Bike Shop Special (pesto, roasted red peppers, cream cheese, and spinach on a bagel), and the black bean wrap are delicious.  
Oh yeah, and the Satellite manages to keep their prices low, which is awesome.a classmate and i decided to meet for a couple hours to work on our final. we couldn't agree with our usual spots (i didn't like where she usually goes and she didn't like where i usually go) so we came to a compromise with satellite cafe. it's close to me, but not close enough for me trek out here often, esp in the cold. 
anyways, the place is small and cute. it reminded me of the small little mom and pop coffee shops by the beach in southern ca. very punk. the employees working were nice. i asked for a small coffee and was surprised that it was only $1.50! being on baltimore ave, i figured it would cost me at least $2/$2.50. cool thing, they had a soy milk option to pour into my coffee. other spots don't offer this option...at least the coffee shops i've been to so far. always the full milk creamer experience only...so this was a pleasant surprise. 
they were playing some punk rock songs when i walked in and after awhile, they switched it up to some jazz. cool since a lot of folks were working on shit. 
i didn't get to try any of their food but would def try some next time. they were also pretty busy on a sunday night. good sign. the coffee was ok.Went in today around 12 in the afternoon. There were two women behind the counter working their asses off and I was greeted with a big smile. The menu is very large right behind the counter and relatively easy to read. Tons of vegan and vegetarian options! I ordered the breakfast burrito with vegan cheese instead of regular and a large coffee. If you bring in your own cup they take 50 cents off. I got the French roast, which is actually really really good... Very robust. They have some really good soy milk out on the self-serve counter... I'm actually pretty picky about soy milk and get really particular about how my coffee is made. I am coming back here a million times. The bathroom was very clean, which makes one feel pretty good about the cleanliness of the kitchen. Also saw a bunch of pretty inspirational things written on the bathroom walls... There's plenty of outlets available in the cafe to plug in for a while and several places to sit. By the way, the burrito was very well made - not soggy, everything was mixed together well, and she grilled it so that it stuck together. Sliced it into perfect halves. I really really like it here.I feel that a coffee shop should offer more than one type of caffeinated variety of drip coffee. And although it's not as strong as some other french roasts, Satellites is always hot and consistently brewed. Beware of the small, it's about the size of two shots of espresso.
The almond croissants are delicious though not always there when I am. Generally a quiet atmosphere inside with people reading or chatting.
I would come back though not before exploring other coffee shops in the neighborhood.I haven't quite grasped the trick to Satellite: you have to bring to the counter a couple of back-up plans to your order because on any given day, they'll be out of something. I love the Vibrant Green Kale Smoothie, but twice I've gone there to be told they didn't have any kale. For added zing, I got a look that clearly said GTFO.
The staff owns the anarchist punk mood of the place - they're sullen and they aren't afraid to let you know it. I wouldn't care so much if they were expert baristas, but I dare you to try to order an iced cappuccino. I might as well have ordered freshly killed-and-grilled moose. Once she figured out that it meant a cappuccino with ice, she made a normal cappuccino and then dumped in a few ice cubes, and THEN (this is the best part) handed me the cup as the liquid overflowed, pointing to some napkins.
I'll go back there, because it's in the neighborhood and the coffee isn't bad and that kale smoothie is the most amazing thing ever, but I'll never love it. And if I think about ordering an iced drink, I'll be sure to bring a towel.Best kale smoothies, great Bike Shop Special, nice employees, and I love the music they play. What's keeping it from 4 or 5 stars? -1 for annoying hipsters. -1 for usually being understaffed and it taking more than 10 minutes for said smoothie.I've only recently joined the yelp review writing brigade (only now feeling qualified after a year of living in west philly). I've been starting out with writing only reviews for the places that I think are stand-out the best in Philadelphia, and let me say, Satellite Cafe is definitely at the top of that list for me.
I could hang around in this place for hours. The ambiance is unpretentious, off-beat, and sort of punky, with punk and/or indie music generally playing (I just LOVE the music selection). There is a little place for outdoor seating that has a little garden. Just outside the door, there is a big tack board for fliers and such. BIG TIP: if you are looking for basement shows in west philly, this tack board is a good place to find some. The interior is relatively small but deceptively spacious. It has a lot of art and graffiti on the walls, with string lights hanging around the window. If you go in the back, there are shelves of books to read and board games to play, and of course wi-fi. 
With regards to the actual comestibles, this place is exactly what I love: yummy and cheap. I'm sure other people here have mentioned the bike shop special (so named because there is a bike shop on the second floor of the establishment): a bagel with cream cheese, pesto, red peppers, and spinach for only 2.50! Their other more substantial sandwiches (burritos, wraps, etc) are a bit more, but there's nothing on the menu that is more than, like, 6 dollars and everything is super delicious. Oh and have I mentioned the peanut butter bomb brownies? Wowie zowie! They're vegan and out of this universe. I'm pretty sure they don't make them in house, but the fact that they stock them is a major lure for me. Like any cafe, they have a full coffee selection, but what they do really special is their tea. They have a really extensive tea selection--both regular and herbal--that I am just nuts about (right now my faves are Versailles Earl Grey, the Rose Chai, and the Vital Tonic #5). 
The only teeny tiny problem I can even think of is that the most recent time I went there (and I go there pretty regularly) they skimped a bit on the cheese on my partner's quesadilla.As a vegan, I love this place! I highly recommend the vegan bike stop, or the vegan pumpkin whoopee pies! Totally delish! Their kale smoothies are a big hit in the summer as well. And of course the coffee rocks!good coffee, nice selection of teas that they will put on ice for you if you want.  I highly appreciate that they discourage smoking on the patio.  People who work here are friendly and cute.  Food is excellent-- seems like more than the sum of its parts somehow-- customizable and cheap.  Equal opportunity for wheat/lactose/animal product free and those who want that stuff.  Weird that a lot of their sandwiches have cream cheese in them.. I just pass on that.  I also like that there is a different kind of music playing every time I go but it's not super loud so if you aren't into it, no prob.
EDIT: Allow me to elaborate a little more, this time with specific eye to their food.  This place really shows how vegan cooking ups the bar for all of us.  They have so many possible options for bagels you could go for a week without trying them all-- pesto, different kinds of butter/cream cheese, ajvar (spicy red pepper paste), all sorts of veggies.  This stuff really ruins you for any other place that just has plain ol' bagels and cream cheese.  
I nominate their Bike Shop Bagel (loaded w/ cream cheese [vegan if you want it], baby spinach, roasted red peppers, and pesto) for one of the best deals in town at $2.25 (50 cents more for vegan).  Their wraps-- especially black bean wrap-- is also a total steal and will fill you up for the rest of the day.  Good quality hot sauce too, a nice bonus for the pepper-addicted like me.  THUMBS UP to Satellite on all counts.I want this to be MY coffeeshop because I value so much of what they do, but I'm one of those jerks who pays for service, and expects it. Sorry. They don't like me. I don't like them. I think we've pretty much reached an agreement. 
There are many very friendly and wonderful people there but they are partial to their regulars. I have limited funds and I want to spend it somewhere where it is valued. 
The last time I went there there was a giant patch of ice directly in front of the front door that looked like they hadn't bothered to salt all winter and there is always a fella there who does not have shoes on (and hasn't, ever) no matter what time of year. I realize both of these could probably for political reasons, which I might overlook if they gave me the zucchini bread I ordered instead of the chocolate chip bread I did not. And 100 million vegan breads but no gluten free options seems, I don't know, offputting. 
Then, when the girl forgot all about my tea that was steeping and I tried, ever so politely to remind her, before the rush that just came in made her completely forget about me, she gave me an attitude. I'm sorry I know I'm high maintenance, but I paid to be that way. I ate the stupid chocolate chip bread without telling you. Let's call it even.I like this place a lot. The food (breakfast and lunch options) is pretty good, and very vegetarian/vegan friendly. I would give the coffee a solid B (assuming fancy pourover type places are getting an A). It's small inside, but I've never seen it super super crowded. They even have a tiny table and chairs and some toys for the little ones, which I much appreciated when I was home with my son recently! It's also right across from Cedar Park so it's easy enough to grab a coffee before letting your kid run wild on the playground.
A caveat: it's cash-only, so come prepared.So much bad art in here. Yet, people are hanging out here, like, they are ok with the mediocrity. I mean you come to expect bad art at coffee shops, but this is out of control. I'm actually angry.satellite is a friendly neighborhood coffee spot with a big menu of vegetarian & vegan wraps and bagels. they have a little courtyard in front with a couple of tables and a stack of windblown newspapers 
everything is relatively cheap, and the drinks are served well and quickly. if you get a sandwich however expect to wait a long time and have it left on a corner of a counter when its done, with its arrival announced by a mumble towards the floor, and then deal with the confusion as three other people approach to see if it is theirs. 
there is a definite tattooed hipster / crunchy hippie / whatever you want to call it vibe about the place, but I have never picked up on any hint of trying to exclude anyoneCheap bagels with an awesome selection of spreads: ajvar, olive tapenade, pesto--all for less than $3! Nice selection of baked goods and teas, plus that there kale smoothie is so popular with good reason.So if you've never been to Satellite and wonder if it is worth investigating, don't be off-put by all these comments about the rude staff/slow service, etc.  I mean, if you have ever worked in service you must know that is is perfectly reasonable for cafe workers/servers/staff to have their own inner monologue throughout the course of a shift, of which the customer is but a part.
Things take time there because it is small.  This is a charm.  Don't come here if you're "in a rush".  No one will benefit from that worried, nervous energy.Awesome vegan desserts from Vegan Treats Bakery! Every time I come here I get the Vegan Bike Shop Bagel (bagel of your choice with spinach, olive spread, vegan cream cheese, and peppers), some sort of dessert, and whatever wonderful coffee concoction I like.
The service can be a little slow sometimes, but they have such a tiny space to work in, and there are usually only 2 employees working at a time. It's not terrible, though, and I still give this place 5 stars.
Lots of different types of customers- hipsters, families, older people, kids... it's a nice place. I love it.Stumbled across this little coffee shop this morning when I had a couple of hours to kill and was looking for a place to grab some coffee and do some work. The cafe is kind of tucked away and isn't right on the sidewalk (if that makes any sense...) so it's a little hard to find. However, there is a pretty clear sign at the entrance so once you're around the general area, you should be able to find it.
I really enjoyed my experience here and will probably be back soon! Let me just say- this place has a very unique, cool vibe to it. The employees and people in the cafe were very friendly and happy and it was just a really nice environment to sit, enjoy some coffee, and relax for a bit.
I ordered an iced soy macadamia nut latte and a poppy seed bagel. Both were delicious! I think I paid around $5.50 total which might seem a bit steep...but honestly, how I look at it is that I'm paying for the coffee, food, and also the "experience" (sitting in the cafe, using wifi, hanging out). Plus, I like supporting cool, little coffee shops! 
There were a TON of vegan options here, including the kale smoothie which seemed to be very popular. I'll probably try that next time I come by. There is outdoor and indoor seating although it was pretty busy when I was there around 10 AM, and there were only a couple seats open. Also, if you bring in your own mug or glass you get 50 cents off of your drink order!
All in all, I will definitely be coming back to the Satellite Cafe! It's a pretty neat place and if you're in the area, it's great for relaxing and getting some work done. I gave 4 stars only because the seating is pretty limited and it gets crowded fast at the front register when there are more than a few people waiting in line.Absolutely the worse attitude from the servers.  We went on oct 29th during the afternoon and were rudely reprimanded by the service when we asked where our sandwich was after 45 minutes.
It's really too bad.  It could be a good place with better staff, but the people they hire make the place not worth going to.Satellite has the best coffee in West Philly. Also a great place to do brunch! Highly recommend the bike shop special.delicious and affordable coffee and treats! I love the bike shop special on a bagel. I always visit this place when I'm in philly...Options. Options. Options. This place has them. Ultra-fresh coffee brewed here. Fair-trade. Delicious. 
I recommend the "Bike Shop special" - Bagel w/ cream cheese, pesto, roasted red pepper, and some other awesomeness. I also recommend the "Ring of Fire" - Bagel w/ cream cheese and a nice dusting of cayenne pepper. MMMMmmmm MMMmmmmm Bish!
The inside of this joint will remind you of the mid - to - late 90's and you'll feel like you are somewhere in the pacific northwest. Its got color, but is pretty dimly lit. I liked it. I'll be back.Deliciously vegan, vegetarian, whatever your fancy. Moderately priced in a way that is not at all inappropriate. Vegan fudge, pesto to die for, seating indoor, outdoor, and in a section with board games. Great for sandwiches, my favorite is the bike shop special on spinach wrap- they toast it perfectly. I don't even like wraps even a little bit, and it's fantastic. They also offer it on bagels if you get there early enough in the day. Another good one is... the Ring of Fire, I think. Roasted Red Pepper delciousness...
Conveniently located under a bike shop? 
Decor is recycled and hipster, indoor and out. Be sure to sign the bathroom wall with the chalk located therein.Really interesting, peaceful cafe in a beautiful West Philly garden setting below a bike shop and sandwiched between a halfway house for women and Dock Street Brewery. It's fun just to come here, hang out, chit chat and people watch, and the food is quite yummy too (try The Bike Shop - on a bagel or wrap with pesto, red peppers & cream cheese). The coffee is excellent as are the kale smoothies (coconut milk, fresh kale, pineapple juice, fresh banana, honey).  They also carry vegan pastries. Very nice staff although service can be a bit slow, but the atmosphere is so mellow that you won't mind waiting a bit just to linger. You can also stay and read your own stuff or borrow reading materials in the back room, work on your computer (wall outlets are available to charge your devices) or gaze at the artwork on display by local artists. The owners are great and care about the local community. Also check out the beautiful gate at the entrance with various insects interspersed throughout (a local artist makes these too).I love satellite.
Coffee is best in the city ~it goes far beyond greenline or any of the other W. Philly spots.  Certainly beats starbucks, La columbe(sp.?) or any of the places I've been in CC.
Food is great ...and it's as cheap as you'll get anywhere.  They have a lot for vegans which is nice if you're with a bunch of different people.
Yeah, I agree about not taking Grandma here for tea.  That's OK; I wouldn't take her to a coffee shop anyway.  That said, the people and stadff are friendly so leave your judgments at the door.Magic bagel!  Magic bagel!  Satellite reminds of what coffee shops were like back when they were actually cool.  My favorite place to grab breakfast with early rising friends in West Philly.I like it here. It's comfortable, they have good coffee, and the food is usually delicious. I especially recommend the vegan bike shop (I always get hot pepper seasoning on it too) and the magic bagel. I can't give this place five stars because the service, if you order food, is often ridiculously slow. If you're in a hurry and you want a wrap or breakfast sandwich, this may not be the best choice. However, if you just want to hang out for a while, I definitely recommend checking this place out.I had the craziest experience in this cafe.  I ordered 9 bagels to-go.  Asked the lady at the counter if she would mind if I paid & came back in a little bit, assuming it would take awhile.  She gave me an attitude, saying, "Yeah, it's gonna take a minute!".  So I left & returned about 15 min later.  
When I came back, I waited patiently in the corner for them to call me & let me know the order was ready (they were pretty busy).  She finally came around the counter & handed me the bagels.  She then started yelling at me that I hadn't given her enough tip when I ordered (I had only put the change in the jar, because of the rude comment).  She yelled at me & my friend for awhile right in the middle of the cafe!  I told her it was offensive to speak to a customer that way.  She said I had offended her too, so we were even.
I seriously have never had a customer service experience this bad...and so unprompted.  I honestly tip all the time, but not to people who are rude to me.  So...I guess this ends my patronage of Satellite Cafe.Satellite is in a way too "funky and cool" for it's own good- there is definitely a community vibe, and when it isn't packed that can lend itself to a pleasant afternoon hanging out, working on a laptop, and ordering food and drinks. But the quality (and contents) of those food and drinks are going to vary entirely based on who is making them for you. The same can be said for how long it'll take-- the phase of the moon and alignment of the planets may also be involved.
Personally, I think all of that is just fine- if you want machine-consistent drinks and equally industrialized turnaround, chances are you're already waiting in line at Starbucks. Compared with nearby Cafe's, I find Satellite a better place to go if you want to stick around, and Greenline better if you're planning on grabbing a drink and jetting (they tend to be more consistent.)
The lunch-type food options are slightly limited, consisting of tasty wraps and bagels during the week. Many vegan and vegetarian pastries, and smoothies- including kale smoothies which are, surprisingly, not bad.Great food!
I had a vegan cupcake and bike special sandwich. DELISH. Love the atmosphere, friendly service and all around good vibe of the place, not to mention nice outdoor seating :)
My one con is the icky bathroom.Stopped by for a cup of tea and a bite to eat after a LONG day, hoping for a relaxing experience.  Was sadly disappointed.  The server was sullen and unfriendly.  She never once smiled, and her expression was basically, "I'm doing you a favor."  After the food was ready, she just left it on the counter for the customers to find on their own, even though it's a small place, and it would have been easy for her to bring the food over or at least let you know that your food is ready.  I enjoyed my wrap, but the experience was unpleasant, and I won't be coming back due to the poor service.Really awesome burritos for $4.30! And the best brownies in the city, even if they are vegan, and I am not a vegan or vegetarian. 
The place is not your sterile run of the mill starbuck's knock off, it is definitely geared towards the more earthy crowd, but I have been here some dozen times and never had a bad tasting drink or meal here. People have bitched about its cleanliness and I am one of the most sensitive stomached people out there, and all of their foods have sat just fine with me.The kale smoothie is a must-try. Love the wraps but kinda wish they were a little bigger...same for the actual space-it can be tough to get a table but the outdoor seating is great for summer. Sadly it's not summer and I think they could use a little more heat.
Anyway, satellite is a west Philly gem- reasonably priced and delicious.
LOVE all the vegan options! Keep it up!Decent coffee and food, but kinda hostile environment. When I moved to west Philly,  I was really excited  about these cute neighborhood coffee shops. I had heard they are more welcoming and nice, and a whole different experience. But the people here are only nice to selected people. I cannot tell how many times the cashier has been super welcoming  --- hi. How is it going.", "hello there how are you ", "good morning , how are you doing ?" --- to people in front of me in line and then to the people after me in line. But all I get from them is "what can I get u".
Also they are EXTREMELY  SLOW. if you are catching the trolley to center city and plan on stopping  by to grab a cup of latte from them, you are probably going to miss like 2 to 3 trolleys just waiting for your cup of coffee or even just a bagel (even if there are no other people waiting with u). They just don't care. I only return to this place for convenience.Decided to check out Satellite Cafe as per a co-worker's recommendation and I am super glad I did! The atmosphere is comfy and artsy and the menu selections are as creative as the style of the baristas who work there and the regulars who hang out there.  The coffee was delicious (and is self-serve next to the counter after you pay; plus they give you a discount if you bring your own mug!) as was the smoked salmon and cream cheese wrap I ordered for lunch.  They are vegan friendly and also offer a selection of sweet treats to satisfy that sugar craving!  Tables/seating tend to fill up but don't be shy about asking to share a table--you may leave with a new acquaintance!  Looking forward to my next visit!I thought I was the luckiest lady in the world when I lived a mere four-or-so blocks away from this wonderful coffee shop. I spent many, MANY hours sitting at Satellite crafting my little fingers to the bone and the staff never minded me setting up shop at a table for an entire afternoon to knit, embroider, and drink gallons upon gallons of coffee. The clientele is some of the best people you would ever want to be in a public place with. There is absolutely no snobbery whatsoever. The sandwiches and wraps are also scrumptious. I could live in Satellite, as long as they'd let me bring my cat. Heck, they're such cool folks I don't see why this would be a problem! I miss you, Satellite Cafe.the chili and fire buddies are da bomb!!!!  Coffee is pretty good and atmosphere is chill.For me a cafe is meant to be a place where you feel welcome, and that members of the community can mix it up. Thus far I have had two difficult experiences at Satellite thanks to their rude and inhospitable staff. On both occasions my order was forgotten, and have been forced to endure the grumpy mumblings of their lackluster baristas, the ringleader of this group seems to be a nasty redhead with dreadlocks, I call her medusa. The food isn't bad, but its no where near worth the unpleasant experience of being waited on by people who hate their jobs, and customers they do not know...Bike Shop special bagel is so delicious -- it's cream cheese, pesto, red peppers and spinach on your choice of a bagel. For $3.50 it's really an amazing price for fresh ingredients on a solid bagel.
Service is a little spotty. Last week when i went and asked for the bike shop special , she commented " I don't know what you mean by house special. We have a bike shop special though". Even if I said it incorrectly, which I'm not sure I did -- that's pretty snarky for no reason. 
Today it was a different person and she was awesome and much friendlier/ personable. Bagel takes about 7-10 minutes though, so factor that into your commute/ wait time. 
Solid food  choices, healthy vegetarian options at a very reasonable price.Cute, quirky neighborhood coffee shop.  The self serve coffee was cheap, but undrinkable. I hear the bagels are where it's at though.