Great option for a healthier take out meal.  I had spinach ravioli with meatballs.  The sauce was awesome.  The service was great.  The atmosphere was just right.  The price; however, was a bit high.   All said, i'd go back.  The Flat bread pizza looked yummy.Amazing salad "heaven on earth".  This is as goodbetter than a chopt or sweetgreen salad.  Cute and local.  Outdoor seating on beautiful section of south street.  Great for lunch or low key early dinner.The sauces will keep you coming back for more.
The flatbreads are creative and filling.
The menu is classic with a flair, and the build-your-own offers up something for everyone.
The atmosphere is fun, it's open late, charming customer service, and clean.
Delivery? What? Even better.
This is a neighborhood spot you need to try.Great food! Very friendly staff. 
I am so glad Quick Fixx opened, because I work around the corner and this place is perfect for lunch or grabbing dinner to go on the way home (the area needed something like this). They have pastas, flatbreads, and salads. Everything is fresh and you can even create your own item with any ingredients. I got the gnocchi with spicy tomato sauce and sauteed mushrooms. It was delicious. The side salad I got was arugula with shaved parm cheese. It was great and I really liked the lemon olive oil dressing that is their house dressing (they also have several other good choices). Word of advice: some items may have parsley in the sauce, so if you don't like it have them keep it out. For a pasta dish and side salad I spent $10. Not terribly expensive for lunch, but you can also get a flatbread for $6, so it isn't bad. Very good deal for dinner. 
The interior is a cute design too, with little herb pots all around. 
I will be back soon - next time I will have to try one of their combinations.I got a pizza and my roommate got pasta and we were both very impressed. It was amazingly good! Only downside? It took a while to get our food. Especially considering it wasn't busy and the fact that they are called "Quick Fixx". Either rename your restaurant or make the food faster next time hahaI've been twice this week.... they have a $10 lunch menu (includes drink and tax - it's Cash Only on this deal though, FYI) which is a great deal.  Had the grilled chicken ceasar salad the first time and a flatbread with old bay fries (YUM!) today.  Everything is made to order, and I love that they encourage you to build your own, they don't stifle my creativity (read: pickiness).  
The service is GREAT, the people are super friendly.  And free wifi to boot.  I'll be back!  
PS.  They deliver.  They said their area is 11th to the Schuykill, Walnut to Washington  - but to call because they will try to accommodate more locations if they can.Quick Fixx has been a consistently awesome go-to place for eats in my neighborhood for me even before I moved into the neighborhood. The day I rented my first place in Philly, I stopped in Quick Fixx because I needed just that: quick food, and healthy-ish, if at all possible. With their expansive salad menu prominently displayed on the wall, I quickly made the decision to slowly inhale something before the apartment open house. 
I ordered the goat cheese salad, which was delicious and delivered to me in around 10 minutes. Win! [And then I successfully rented my current apartment. Win again!] I remember especially loving the strawberries within the salad, currently replaced by (probably) more season-friendly apple slices, which are also quite nice. This salad has a nice balance of fruit, veggies and a little carbs with tortellini thrown in for good measure. This is the kinda combo that I know makes me feel full for a long time without the sluggishness of consuming a heavy meal, so it's kinda become my perfect option for lunch. 
Having just lovingly described my usual order, yesterday, I stopped into Quick Fixx and tried something outside of my usual, which was the arugula salad and the pierogis: yum! This is a more simple salad consisting of arugula, parm cheese, and dressing, but the dressing used for the arugula is kinda special: it's savory and lemon-y and just lovely. As an unofficial pierogi expert (qualifications: Central PA native, kinda Polish), these were great! They were fried in a way that felt lighter than I've tried elsewhere and had a nice amount of filling. The filling itself was pretty standard, but good. I'd be interested in trying the jalapeño pierogis someday. 
I am thankful to have this wonderful little spot on the edge of Rittenhouse that offers year-round freshness!Free wifi and a pretty good lunch for under $15 in Rittenhouse. i really cant complain about anything other that the fact that they dont give you bread with your salad,, Really ?!? other than that service was fine and my salad was pretty darn tasty.My husband and I have already eaten here twice...both times were such a treat! We sampled a few of their flatbreads: the Fixx, the Prosciutto and the Lancaster, PA. We highly recommend the Mushroom & Speck bruschetta and the all-star dish of the night, the Gnocchi Lasagna. My husband loved the Fixx so much on our first visit, he ordered it again. 
The ingredients are definitely fresh and the presentation is amazing for the affordable price point. I am glad to see so many positive reviews for The QUICK FIXX, because we hope this place sticks around. Looking forward to going back again!I have nothing positive things to say.
First and foremost, they use Bounty Paper Towels Select a Size as their napkins. Huge fan of that Huge fan. #pgemp
Alert -- Your food is not going to immediately come out of the kitchen. But that's why this is the quick fixx... not fazoils or mcdonalds. They clearly are making your items to order and not just making a ton of it and reheating it. It's still pretty quick considering.
I have had a few things on their menu and they are all excellent. It is a perfect place when you have a few minutes before your next activity and need a quick dinner. And furthermore... it's quick skip and jump away from my place.
The service and the people working there are very nice. And they keep the place immaculately clean. Can't say the same thing about the other places in the South Street area.
Overall... When I am in need of a QUICK meal... I'll be back... They do deliver, but I feel that is SO lazy when I am so close to walk.
This review was brought to you by the word, "QUICK"This place is excellent!  At work, we often order our lunch from near-by restaurants and have it delivered.  Being in the heart of busy Rittenhouse, the food is usually overpriced and takes forever to arrive.  A coworker stumbled upon The Quick Fixx lunch specials menu one day online.  I have ordered from here 3 times (always the same exact meal) and every time have been extremely satisfied by the food, the quick deliver, the kindness of the employees and the unbeatable price tag.  Today we ordered and the gentleman delivering returned all the way back to us with the plasticware he had forgotten to throw in the bag.  I always get the Arugula Salad and the Sunchoke flatbread.  I think together with a soda it totals $10.  It usually take me two sitting to eat the whole meal- but the point is it is delicious and fresh and comes highly recommended by me.  I should branch out and try more here.  I think I will and soon!Let's start with the pros: Excellent customer service, great delivery (like we had our meal in 20mins max and it was warm), delivery guy was super polite and nice, the food was pretty good for the most part. The sauces were amazing......no no..more like epic.
Cons: Wickedly.....wickedly.... over-priced for the portions. Like we will be eating a second meal for sure. My partner joked "that was a really good appetizer" and we both laughed. The meatballs were not that great and charging $3 for two meatballs I kinda expected them to taste home made. They kinda tasted spongy and almost like they had a lot of fillers, maybe we got a bad batch?  I don't know. They were not terrible, but I've definitely had way better. 
Verdict: I'm not sure we'd hit this place up again due to price point. Maybe if we both had some extra money to spend and were not super hungry. This might be the perfect place for a "snack" or that random day where you need something quick to hold you over for a few hours.This place has become my recent addiction! I want to branch out and try new things here, but I always keep going back for the Hail Caesar wrap with sweet potato fries. The ingredients are fresh and it is great quality. I know it is the most basic of wraps, but they just do it perfect! The portions are good too and I definitely want to go for the $10 lunch specials. It is one of their pre-selected entrees, side and a drink for $10, but it is CASH ONLY for the special so make sure you have it! Problem is I will end up being back every week!SPOCK: Check the circuit. 
TYLER: All operating, sir. 
SPOCK: It can't be the screen then. Definitely something out there, Captain, headed this way. 
TYLER: It could be these meteorites. 
ONE: No, it's something else. There's still something out there. 
TYLER: It's coming at the speed of light, collision course. The meteorite beam has not deflected it, Captain.
ONE: Evasive manoeuvres, sir?
PIKE: Steady as we go.
GARISON: It's a radio wave, sir. We're passing through an old-style distress signal.
PIKE: They were keyed to cause interference and attract attention this way.
GARISON: A ship in trouble making a forced landing, sir. That's it. No other message.
TYLER: I have a fix. It comes from the Talos star group.
ONE: We've no ships or Earth colonies that far out.
SPOCK: Their call letters check with a survey expedition. SS Columbia. It disappeared in that region approximately eighteen years ago.
TYLER: It would take that long for a radio beam to travel from there to here.
SPOCK: Records show the Talos group has never been explored. Solar system similar to Earth, eleven planets. Number four seems to be Class M, oxygen atmosphere.
ONE: Then they could still be alive, even after eighteen years.
PIKE: If they survived the crash.
SPOCK: We aren't going to go, to be certain?
PIKE: Not without any indication of survivors, no. Continue to the Vega Colony and take care of our own sick and injured first. You have the helm. Maintain present course.
ONE: Yes, sir.Love the food and the people are always nice. Good, casual place to bring beer or wine and enjoy good eats at very reasonable prices. Plus, you can't beat the lunch deal where you can get a flatbread, side salad, and a drink for ten bucks (cash only for the special). Speaking of specials, Bob & Barbs is directly next door. Winner winner.Good food, great service.  Enjoyed my greek salad and saw a few other dishes come out that looked delicious too.  Didn't realize it was primarily a take-out/delivery place because they were so friendly and attentive to the customers IN the restaurant.  A lot of options on the menu and the food comes out quick!I really enjoyed this place because it was, as the name states, QUICK. Went in there for a quick breakfast for the Eagles game. It was not crowded at all and the cashier was very attentive. It's self serve coffee and tea but you won't mind after you taste their amazing omelettes! For $7 and you can make your own omelette with 3 different ingredients plus hash browns on the side. Quite the Steal! I also love the sunny atmosphere in here and the seating arrangements. I'm definaely coming back here again.The Quick Fixx is a nice, quick fix. 
I've ordered in once and eaten there once.
The food is not amazing, but it's good. I don't think I'm ordering the fan favorites. Just salads. Which, to be frank, are lackluster. The ingredients don't seem as fresh as they could.  
The bites of my husbands chicken Parmesan were really tasty though. 
The service at the restaurant was great! Everyone was friendly and accommodating!
In a pinch it's a good choice, just opt for a more comforting dish and not a salad.I've tried giving this spot a chance a few times because its so close to my work. It's mediocre at best, the pasta dishes I've tried have been too salty to finish and the salads are overpriced for what is served.During lunchtime, the "Smokey Roman," the Quick Fixx version of carbonara is just $10 with a beverage. The plate of fettucini pasta in an egg yolk and cheese sauce is topped with crispy bacon pieces and lemon zest to brighten it up. A fluffy piece of bread comes on the side. I really enjoyed the pasta, it needed no extra seasoning and wasn't too heavy.
The staff was really friendly; I was served quickly and offered fresh Parmesan. It was extremely pleasant to eat in one of their outdoor table and people watch. The Quick Fixx also provides upkeep for the "parklet" out front, which is open to the public. This place is perfectly suited for its spot on South Street.Great location right on south and central to downtown. Came here with my friend for a quick bite to eat. We each ordered a flatbread pizza. They are huge!! And perfect for sharing. They also have really nice outdoor seating which we did. It was a perfect night to sit outside. 
The pizzas were delicious. They were filling and so flavorful. Its so nice to see that with just a few key ingredients you can make such fantastic food that is both satisfying and not fattening. Will def. be back!Awesome food! I got the farmer's wife salad with grilled chicken, and they definitely did not skimp on the chicken. The server/cashier was friendly, and he told us that after 10pm you get $2 off any signature dish. Yummy food for a discounted price? I'm sold!Tried it last night based on the Yelp reviews. Didn't know about the restaurant before that even though it was just a few blocks away. I really the concept - 'take out' restaurant, so no table service or tipping, with gourmet restaurant quality food. We had the artichoke, pasta roman and the 'Fun Guy' (get it?) mushroom flat bread. It was all very good. I would have just liked my pasta with a little more sauce. The artichoke and flat bread was really good. For the quality of food, I thought that the price was reasonable.Perfect little restaurant. Cozy at home atmosphere, friendly staff. I had the seafood scampi, delish.Sometimes too quick? I went here twice and the first time it was great. The flatbread & the toppings were perfect. The second time not so good. The sauce on the flatbread was still cold; a few more minutes in the oven would have definitely helped.  
It is what it is. It's open late, it's generally quick and food is not bad. I would definitely go here again, but will ask them to take a few extra minutes.Love these guys and the new menu items are great. Customer service is stellar and ingredients are high quality with many healthy options. Reasonably priced and fast delivery.I was excited when this place opened just around the corner from my place.  The place looks trendy and appears to have a pretty decent variety of items on its menu.  However, I ordered  chicken tenders for take out and they were a big disappointment.  They were mostly the breading and barely any chicken.  They also seemed over cooked and greasy.  I may try this place again to see if something else is better on the menu, but my first try was very unimpressive.Stopped in here during a street festival to get something to eat with a friend. The set up in here is cool, order at the counter and then you can go sit down. The restaurant is cozy and spacious. The menu had a good variety of items and pretty much all of the options appealed to me. The menu is pasta, flatbreads, salads etc. I ordered the mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was just okay. The pasta was good, but the cheese it was in could have been creamier, it was almost watery.  Not sure if I just had a bad experience because the reviews are great, but it didn't live up to the hype for me. I also did not appreciate the political signs up at the register. If I lived nearby, I would have probably given this place another chance because it was really reasonably priced and they had a lot of menu items for a fast casual place.Super fast delivery.  Friendly via phone and at the door.  Great price, good fresh food(prepared perfectly) and perfect portions.  Thanks a bunch for a great gluten- free dinner.What happens when you combine great ingredients, gourmet cooking, convenience*, and super service? You get Quick Fixx, and I ALWAYS need my fixx. They had me at hello and this love affair may never end.
Things to get: THE CHICKEN CUTLET. Some of the best I've ever had, and coming from a family where schnitzel is a staple, that says a lot (Google that if you don't know, if you do know, then you also know that if my grandmother saw this, she'd be pissed). 
What do you get the chicken cutlet with? The Greek Orzo Salad. You also add it to any custom pasta you create.
Custom pasta. Yes. That's right! You can make your own dish, whether it's pasta or salad. AMAZING. I go for that pretty often, and find myself stuck on a combo of penne/rigatoni, chicken cutlet, creamy tomato sauce, broccoli, onions, mushrooms. SO SO GOOD. 
Big tip: you may want to split a pasta dish with the roomie, friend, or spouse... add a salad and you have the perfect meal. Don't heed my warning and you may feel a little stuffed.
Either way, I've got my fixx - go get yours!
*Convenience (as defined by Merriam-Webster's Dictionary): the ability to order delicious food via phone for pickup, in store, or online through the food service of your choosing (grubub, foodler, and many others).Even if the food weren't delicious (which it is), I would rave to anyone who would listen about the customer service at The Quick Fixx.  From the cashier taking the order to the ownery, this is what service is all about.  Everything is done with a smile and tonight, after leaving the establishment, I heard someone running down the street behind me...when I turned around, it was the owner.  I had left something behind, and he had chased after me for several blocks just to return it to me. O yeah, and the food was yummy, yummy, yummy!This is definitely one of the better fast casual spots in town!  They have great healthy (and not-so-healthy) flavorful options, so everyone will be happy here. 
Their flatbread pizzas are delicious!  Also, their salads are very fresh and tasty.  I keep wanting to try a pasta, but I can't ever decide against a pizza and salad.  
They offer a $10 lunch special, which is a pretty good deal.  You generally get a meal, side, and drink.  However, you have to pay cash.
The only thing is I wish they would get A/C...!  The last time we went in for lunch, it was super hot inside the restaurant, and it was too hot to eat outside.  This is a perfect spot on a spring, winter or fall afternoon for lunch, but summer lunch was a bit toasty.I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I just couldn't. I had the tortellini and it tasted like frozen, store bought stuff. However, the lasagna gnocchi that my boyfriend ordered was AMAZING. My roommate had tortellini as well, and while I think she liked it, she agreed that the gnocchi was the best of the 3 of our meals. We also ordered the cheese sticks, and they were good not great. 
All in all, this place is solid but not something I'd go running to, unless I want gnocchi.This restaurant couldn't be more aptly named. Quick Fixx is a dependable place to get good food in a jiffy. They have a simple yet well-rounded menu. I can get chicken tenders, AND a bowl of sautéed spinach (which makes for a totally balanced meal...). All the items I've ever ordered from here have been solid.  
The junk salad is particularly yummy, as are the aforementioned chicken tenders. 
It's a nice place to dine in as well, as it never gets too crowded. There is also a new-ish seating section outside, which is basically a cordoned off parking space on South Street - perfect for people watching!Stopped in the other day for lunch, they have a pretty good $10 lunch deal in which I got a drink and nice sized Caesar salad that was very good, extra $4 for chicken which I thought was a bit high but I'll always be fine with paying a little for good food and the salad was very good and very filling...dressing wasn't too cheesy, not sure if they forgot to put croutons on mine or if they just don't use them.  What I really want to talk about is the bruschetta side fish I got, because as I told the waitress it was probably the best bruschetta I've ever had.  Obviously freshly diced tomatoes, olive oil that was delicious, and a nice crispy breading for the tomatoes to sit on top of that held their crunch the whole time.  Very nice portion side, could even split it between too people if you aren't feeling greedy, but absolutely worth the tripMMMmm online delivery was fast and the food was delicious.  This place did not disappoint!  My BF ordered make your own pasta and even that was perfect and exactly what he wanted.  Will definitely order againA bit basic, no frills sort of place.  Staff friendly and many choices.  Food was great and I'm always happy when the gluten free meal I order is actually tasty.  They do a great gluten free pasta.  No wine so BYOB was encouraged.  The place was hopping when we ate there and I suspect everything on their menu is good because it was very very busy.  In spite of this the service did not suffer.Had to do it again. & we loove it!   Make your own pasta rocks. Ordered Crab Ravioli , Gnocchi Lasagna, & Papperdalle(spell?) tonight-  the pasta rocked mi acasa.  This is the go to joint. Period.  & very reasonable prices- excellent quality! Fast delivery!Really great food and a great location! Everything was very fresh and QUICK!!!! Will certainly be back for more!I don't understand why there's so much collective goodwill towards this place - 4+ star average review?   What the fuck?  Time for some real talk.
When I called to place my order, the guy at the other end of the line sounded less-than-thrilled.   Not in a "meh, I hate my job" kind of way... but in a profoundly sad "sigh... I have no reason to live" sort of way.   Whatever... as long as the food's good, who cares?   Right?
Well, the food was just as depressing as the person who took my order.  The artichoke was inedible.   The leaves tasted like the pointy end of a manila envelope, soaked in olive oil.  The artichoke heart was barely-there.  The mushroom "flatbread" looked exactly like something I would slap together at 3am after a hearty night of drinking...and the flatbread was named "Fun Guy"...puns have absolutely no place on a food menu.  
Yelp Philadelphia is usually spot-on with consensus ratings, but sadly not in this case...Love this place! We eat here at least 1 x a week and are never disappointed. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but the calamari are a really good way to start. Lunch specials are $10 and are the same size as ordering off the normal menu, just make sure you bring cash for the lunch specials. Also, place is BYOB and discounted menu after 10PM.
Eat here.Love this place!!! Good food, fast service!! Faster than you would expect!!  Calamari and fried green beans all day long!!!!!!!!!!!!Nothing "quick" about it. The food is actually good but the service is really bad. The cashier was working on something without even acknowledging our presence  and then we still had to wait a long time for the food.Yummy food but often highly priced. The panzarotti poppers are amazing! The lunch deal is a steal but their regular prices are a bit high for the quantity of food. The service is quick and friendly. I frequent here for lunch.Great place to grab a bite on South Street. They offer flatbreads, pasta, salads and apps. I like the spinach salad with shrimp or chicken and fresh veggies. Pasta offerings aren't bad but not great. The whole mozzarella sticks are some of the best around. My wife loves the panzarotti poppers. The calamari is ok but a little too greasy. They have vegetarian vegan options. The owner is a nice guy and the ingredients are always fresh.Wow this place is delicious! Fresh wraps, salads, pastas, etc. outdoor seating on south street. I ordered a junk salad with fried calamari and a colonial wrap. Both were great. Recommended :)Great selection of ingredients and options to make some really amazing custom meals. Don't be afraid to try the pre-designed stuff, either because everything here is good and really fresh. Matt, the owner is a really friendly guy who goes out of his way to make sure everything is perfect. The atmosphere, the food, the options and the service really set this place high on my list. Plus, they're open late!Ordered two flatbreads and a salad for delivery this evening and was very disappointed. The delivery driver must not have been too careful with things because both flatbreads were completely mangled when they arrived. They were also cold and very soggy. Wouldn't order take out from here again.I went here because some friends had suggested it for me for a light dinner. Quick Fixx is sort of like upgraded Italian fast food. The menu is small, which is always a good (I don't know why but I just don't like me use that have like a hundred things on them lol). The staff was very nice and quite helpful. The woman suggested the artichoke pesto pizza. I got my pizza to go since I wanted to just get home after a long day. 
When I got home however, I found out that the pizza was completely burnt. It basically tasted like charcoal and pesto. So I immediately called them up and told the woman who had taken my order what had happen. She was very apologetic and sent another pizza out for delivery, which was pretty fast I might add. I think the pizza arrived in 15 or 20 mins.
The new pizza was just ok. I did feel it was a bit bland, but the flat bread they put it on was good. I am only giving Quick Fixx 4 stars because of the service and not the food which is about a 3. Is this place worth the price? Meh, if it's late and nothing else is open.Having some time to kill between classes on Dance Day 2017, I stopped into the Quick Fixx based on location and rating.
The menu was immediately overwhelming with so many build your own options. I looked to their salad suggestions and ended up with the Heaven on Earth. It contained mixed greens, roasted beets, goat cheese, pistachio, apple and white balsamic vinegarette. 
Initially, I thought my check was really high for a salad and vitamin water. However, upon receiving my salad, my mind was changed. It was a really substantial size and it was plated very professionally. There was a perfect balance of fixings and they were undoubtably fresh. This is the type of salad you'd order as a dinner salad at a more formal, sit-down restaurant.
It's probably a little too pricy for the day to day, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back for a quality, quick salad.I absolutely love this place! The staff is very friendly, the location is very convenient to my place, and the prices are great! Get the New Mexico flatbread!!Ordered through the Eat 24 app at 5:50pm on a Sunday. We were eating by 6:05. Delivery guy was on a bike. Amazing. And the food was delicious.Incredible addition to the Graduate Hospital neighborhood.  Real food, real fast, great service.  What really sets QF apart from other take-out / delivery options is the use of fresh, quality ingredients.  You are eating real food, not something frozen or nuked in a microwave.  Each dish is fresh and bursting with flavor.  The flatbreads are delicious.  My favorite dish so far was the Seasonal Goat Cheese salad topped with white basalmic vinaigrette.  Incredible.  Pastas dishes do not dissapoint.  The Diavolo brings the heat without overwhelming.  And the Panzarotti poppers should be illegal they are so good.  Not in the mood for anything on the menu?  Make your own salad or pasta.  You literally cannot go wrong in this place.  Eat in or take out, the Quick Fixx is a great option for nights where you don't feel like cooking, but don't want to bust your wasteline or your wallet.The Gnocchi Lasagna is awesome! Like nothing I ever had before. I also loved that the owner came right up to me and offered to put parmesan cheese on it and then asked me what I thought about the food. You get a fresh made meal, much better than your typical pizza place for the same price. My new go to spot!Super quick and GREAT food!! Fresh ingredients, speedy service, chill atmosphere. Highly recommend the Spicy Junk!!Unfortunately, I think in my initial review I was quick to judge  - I have been back several times and I still really like their gnoccis with spicy tomato sauce, but I am no longer a huge fan and don't think I will be back. For lunch today, I ordered a salad and bruschetta dippers - per their online menu, this should have been $7 for a prosciutto salad and $3 for bruschetta dippers. My order came to $14 for lunch - apparently they changed their menu and didn't update their website - burn. So fine, it was ready, I paid and went back to work because I was starving. Opened up my order and it is measly. Salad looks blah and the bruschetta dippers are a small container of tomato and basil with the normal size piece of bread you get with the pasta (def not enough). Upset I spent so much for not much food. Also, we ordered a flat bread to go before and they put it on foil so it gets soggy. Also, the flat breads are tiny. That's all.Gnocchi Lasagna, Margarita Flatbread, Mozzarella Stixx are all awesome. 
Matt the owner stopped by our table to ask how everything was and for our feedback. He truly cares about his business & how to satisfy his customers.Quick Fixx is the bomb. I have had pretty much everything on the menu, and I have never been disappointed. Always fresh and tasty. The space is relaxing and casual, the staff is super friendly and warm. The $10 cash special (called the 10 Spot)  is perfect for lunch, and gives you an enormous amount of food. Dinnertime is lovely too, great place to grab a bite with a friend and catch up. 
Favorites include: arugula salad (careful, dressing is very sour so go easy), mozz sticks, all the flatbreads, pasta fresca.
Be aware its a very small place, could feel crowded with a large group.The space is great; the options sufficient; and the food very good.  The staff though, is a bit cranky...  We had chicken parm, the farmers wife salad, parmesean french fries and a margarita flat bread.  Would go back, but would know that we wouldn't necessarily feel welcome...The build your own pasta is awesome and delicious. The delivery is really quick and the service is super friendly (which is much appreciated as a Philadelphia non-native). Definitely recommend.Have lived in the area since it has opened. Food is basic and good but ordered some wraps for lunch and have been waiting for almost 20 minutes! People who work here do not seem concerned. How long does it take to make a chicken Caesar wrap? There is a group of 3 ahead of me who is also still waiting and ordered wraps. In theory would be a good place to pick up lunch but not executed very well In my opinion! I can see the woman in the back constantly on her phone despite everyone waiting. Quick fixx is not very quick! If you have a luxurious lunch hour then by all means come here but not if you work!I love the environment. It has a huge glass window front so all the sun can hit you. A lot of plants as well. The hostess/cashier was welcoming and patient. I appreciated her for allowing me to figure out what I wanted and making sure specials were mentioned. She also was accommodating about Making adjustments to my order. I got the lunch special spicy junk wrap w/ fries. It originally came with spicy bbq chicken, avocado, lettuce, tomato, red onions, shredded mozzarella, shredded cheddar, bacon and ranch dressing for It10 dollars. I think it was really really delicious. It was a little dry towards the front of the wrap and the bbq chicken wasn't really spicy but it was still very good and lightweight. The best part was the Joe tea. Although it was quite pricey it was worth every penny. I would definitely return to try more of their menu.This is my husband and I's (and George- our dog- yes, they give even give him fresh water) favorite place. Every time we go, we try something new on the menu and we have never been disappointed. We live for their calamari (w onions) and Parmesan fries- a staple! Their homemade mozzarella sticks are amazing!! My favorite is the junkyard salad- it is stacked with deliciousness! 
We just brought my dad there to show him "our spot" and he said he can't wait to go back too ( and he is the pickiest eater!) 
It's also Byob- there is not a single thing wrong with this place. Go there, highly highly recommend ...!!!Ordered take out for the first time today from this place.  I've definitely had better.  The arugala salad is literally arugala in a box with a TINY bit of parm cheese.  The dressing was ok, just not enough of it to help this super plain "salad."  Thankfully I also ordered bruchetta so I was able to chop that up and add it to my arugala to make something close to a salad.  Not sure what I was expecting for $12 but I certainly wasn't floored with this lunch.  I may give them the benefit of the doubt given the other reviews and try again ordering something different next time.I dont understand this place.... 1. its call the QUICK Fixx, but yet its not actually quick at all.  My boyfriend and I came in here when we were in a rush just to grab salads... I put chicken on mine and he didnt.. we both waited somewhere between 10-15 minutes for the food to be ready.  Dont put quick in your name if you are going to make people wait. I would understand if I waited for a fresh pizza or pasta, but a salad should not have taken that long, thats why we ordered it.  2. The prices are high considering the salad was average sized and not all that impressive.  For an additional (4.95 i think) I got 3-4 tiny pieces of chicken.... NO THANKS.  3.  They give you a TINY little container of dressing and dont even mix the salad for you... that part of the fun of getting a well mixed salad out somewhere vs making it at home,  if I had wanted just a side of dressing I would have asked, but I was not even given the option.   Not somewhere I will go back to, no thanks.Flatbreads are soggy. Flatbreads differentiate from pizza because the crunch. This thing was as crunchy as soup!This place should be better. The menu is interesting and projects a fresh food vibe. I ordered the William Penn Salad to go. It was a dried out herb-rubbed chicken breast over a lot of (fresh) arugula, dried-out shredded carrots, hard sun-dried tomatoes, and cous cous. It was served with a side of white balsamic vinegar dressing. It came in a clear plastic bowl with plastic lid. All for $14! I've gotten similar salads at bodegas and supermarkets for much, much less. In fact, I've gotten better salads at finer restaurants for less. There wasn't enough dressing for the amount of arugula. I should have asked them to dress the salad but I wasn't aware it came on the side. I probably won't be back. There are too many other options in this area.Omg this place is really good, fast and cheap. Get the pasta dishes! Not a fan of flat breads. You'll be back, again and again and again.I stopped in today for lunch.  Upon entering, i was greeted warmly by the staff.  The cashier explained how the quick fixx menu works (chef-prepared items on the front; build-your-own options on the back).  I opted for the orzo salad with grilled veggies and goat cheese.  Tasty!  The veggies are warm and the orzo is chilled, but you can ask them to warm the pasta for you if you prefer.  The salad includes ginger which, at first, i thought would be an odd choice.  But it worked!  I wasn't in love with the grilled romaine, but that's just me.
Chris H. ordered the flatbread with bacon and gruyere and i was jealous!  I plan to return to sample all of the flatbread combinations.  Overall, a very pleasant experience.  Great addition to the neighborhood!This is great late night food or when you want something that is filling and good. I went on Halloween (dressed up of course) and it was fun sitting at the sidewalk window (it was open cause it was a warm night) and watching the costumed characters walk past. 
I got a pasta dish (It's Italian so that's what you go for) and it was tasty but not something I would write home about. Service was quick and friendly!I can't say enough good things about The Quick Fixx. Fast (delivery is always CRAZY fast), delicious, reasonably priced, and the staff are VERY friendly! The people here are helpful and accommodating-- that's what always makes it such a great expedience for me. Can't forget about the '$10 spot' lunch special; it's such an amazing deal and you get tons for food. I love this place!Was pleasantly surprised by this little place!  Great outdoor seating right on South St. and fast service.  You order at the counter and pay and they bring out utensils and the food right to you.  Loved the bruschetta - so fresh and a great appetizer to share for only $4!  I had the arugula salad and my boyfriend had the Greek Orzo salad.  We enjoyed both and will definitely be back!!  Perfect place for a quick meal and open late.Quick Fixx is marketed as "Chef Inspired Cuisine at Take-Out Prices."  It should be marketed as "the perfect place when dining for one."  Whenever I'm eating solo, I don't feel like cooking, and every take-out option seems designed for more than one or is just too much/heavy for a work night.  Who wants a pizza for one or to induce guilt by ordering Mexican?  Quick Fixx is the perfect solution.  What do I want when dining alone, obviously a perfectly portioned delicious flatbread with a side of arugula!  I was torn between the Lancaster and the and the Prosciutto, but wound up opting for the Lancaster.  It was delicious.  With my side of arugula and prosciutto, I was quite the content solo diner.
Can't wait to make this a mainstay for my single evenings!This is in my neighborhood so I figured I should give it a try. Went one night with my wife, ordered a goat cheese salad, Retro Pesto flatbread and a portion of fries.
The salad came first, was nice, fresh, and a large portion. It's been a long time since I've been that impressed by a salad. Off to a good start. 
The fries (my wife decided on the Parmesan) were fresh cooked, but the dried Parmesan sprinkles were not impressive. Maybe our bad choice, I would get the fries plain next time. The garlic toum with the fries was so so strong that our waitress had to warn us about it before it got to the table. We frequently roast garlic, and eat whole cloves of the stuff at home, but that toum was ridiculous. As they've clearly got negative feedback (why else would the waitress warn us) why not tune it down a bit? 
The flatbread came out last and was really disappointing. First it looked bland. Gone were the impressive veggies of the salad, instead just some chicken with three types of sauce drizzled/spread on it. Also it was cold and burned (an impressive combination) so tasted bad.  This came out quickly, so how was it burned and cold, was it pre-cooked? And to top it all, under the flatbread the chopping board was moist, and there was a little puddle of grease. This is a chicken flatbread with pesto, where the hell did that come from? So now we can up the charges to cold, burned and soggy. Very poor overall.
Other than that, the service was good, and the decor is awesome and funky. The only strange thing is that they were playing rock music kinda loud. Given that the only other guests in the restaurant were a 70+ year old couple, it was a bit inappropriate. Also it made conversation more difficult that it should have been.
I'd probably forgive some of this stuff if it was regular fast food prices, but it was $24 for the meal, even though we were drinking water. For that price I expected better, and probably won't be back in a hurry.I love this place SO much. One of the best Italian places in all of Philly, and one of my favorite restaurants in Philly, period. Their pasta is always incredible, their flatbread selection is large and interesting, their calamari is great, their beverage selection is awesome, and their new free bread with pasta is also super good. The service is awesome and sitting outside in their seating area looking at South street is always nice. For the prices, you definitely get your money's worth. I love this place.Looking for something different try while I'm in Philadelphia.  I happened to find this place  by accident. The staff are very friendly. I had the Farmer's Wife. A refreshing salad on a hot & humid evening.Definitely on my list of best places to eat in Philly. It is HANDS DOWN the epitome of delicious, fast, and cheap food. I've visited Quick Fixx two times already, and they have not failed me. Their portions are bigger than what I've come to expect in Philly, and their flavors are on point. 
For appetizers (on separate occasions), I've had the calamari and panzarotti poppers, both of which were crunchy and crispy without being the least bit soggy. Their sauces, chili aioli and lavender-infused honey, respectively, really complemented their flavor profiles. I really have to commend them for changing the way I see poppers: Quick Fixx really elevated them with their choice of ingredients (goat cheese and shallots gadddaayuumm!), and I cannot stress enough how beautifully the honey sauce paired. 
Fun Guy flatbread followed, and it didn't disappoint. The truffle wasn't overwhelming at all, which can be quite difficult to achieve, and the bitterness of the arugula was tamed by the mushrooms, a lovely combination indeed.
The shrimp scampi is where it's at, people. Best. Shrimp. Scampi. Ever. Flavorful to the max, sauce so perfect; the perfect balance of creamy yet easy to spread. Portion on point. There were only a few whole shrimp, but it's fine. I'd go back for the scampi alone, but I feel like all the other items are a win like the ones above.
Try this joint out. You won't regret it.My fiancé and I love this place. It's our go to take out dinner joint. Tonight we ordered and got great food delivered (as usual) however the flatbread arrived a little smushed in transportation.  After sending them a note with a picture, they called me immediately to apologize. That not only made my night but it also restored my faith in customer service. Thank you Quick Fixx!!!Retro Pesto was a little heavy on the pesto but overall very good.  Plus the delivery guy and I had perfect timing, haha.Had a brunch there. Eggs with Bolognese dish was pretty awful: greasy, the eggs were overcooked for this dish. The pancake was pretty bad too. The arugula salad was not that fresh either. Just ate a little and left. Too bad, really wanted to like it.