I've only come here for brunch, but this is the 3rd time now. I've also only gotten the abbaye Texas Benedict and my girlfriend has only gotten the huevos rancheros. There's a reason we've come back and ordered the exact same thing 3 times now. It's delicious. The beer selection is solid with about 11 regularly on tap. The atmosphere and decor is a little dated. It could definitely use a makeover but if you're looking for a solid brunch and beer, this is a great little place.Awesome! Great homemade burgers, cozy, nice apple sangria :)I love the abbaye! One of my regular go to spots. Good beer on draft and an awesome staff of seasoned Philly kids. Not much of a " scene" going on there which is nice.
Quizo on Thursday's is a good time too.
Basically if you wanna chill out and take it easy in a dark bar this would be the place to try.
P.s brunch is their best meal servedThis is my Cheers. Best service, food, and friendly atmosphere. You can always count on a great selection of craft beers on tap and freshly made good food. 
The owners, Mark and Meagan are constantly doing whatever they can to improve your overall experience at the Abbaye. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. Very welcoming to small groups, children and those that prefer a no nonsense approach to great service.
The Abbaye is clean and comfortable. Great bartenders/servers, Marc, Dave, Ryan and Alice. They are all knowledgeable on the  bar and food menu. More importantly, they are very good at making you feel comfortable, just like you were having food and drinks with them personally.
Check the Abbaye out! Great food specials that you will love! I am here often, so if you see me, say hello.Let's see:  $18 for steak and eggs is way out of line, particularly when the steak is cooked beyond recognition and has that ;just about to turn' stink and taste. Friend ordered mussels and they were mediocre. I hear it's a good beer joint, but take a good whiff of your beef before you eat it. Service was slow mid-day and it wasn't that packed.My favorite thing here is the nachos with chicken. Comes loaded with shredded cheese, tomatoes, peppers, beans, and onions. Sometimes they have Korean cauliflower (as a special), which is delicious! I like getting lunch and dinner here. They do offer brunch and it's pretty decent, but nothing to write home about. If you're in the mood for good food from a local gastropub, this is the place.I absolutely love the food and atmosphere here.  Standouts are the vegetarian cheesesteak, veggie burger (homemade, yum), french fries and brunch!
When it's early on a weekend I need to be seated quickly for brunch.  The Abbaye always manages to do this and serves great breakfasts with super crispy homefries.
The tap list is always changing as well, which I love.I have gone several times and enjoyed every meal. The veggie burger, seitan cheesesteak, watermelon and mint salad, and veggie meatball hoagie are all delicious! The draft beer selection is great too! Highly recommend for a casual dinner.I stopped in because the place was flagged as possibly having some good craft beer. I didn't want the crappy AB InBev shit but a sampling of craft, beyond even Victory and Yards. Abbaye did not disappoint. Very knowledgeable staff on beer and I had a delicious chocolate porter, in addition to a stellar IPA.
The porter was also a great compliment to the Abbaye cheesesteak. The previous day I went back to Jim's on South St. and was very, very disappointed. Abbaye's is not a "classic" Philly cheesesteak, but it's VERY well done in its own right. I highly recommend it, although use some caution with the toasted roll, or the cleft of your palate may regret it (think of it like eating unsoftened Capt'n Crunch cereal). The third beer assuaged the slight pain of the shredded roof of my mouth, and the cheesesteak was delicious. 
Very nice atmosphere of the "corner pub" for the locals, and all in all, a winner. If you're in Philly, give it a go.Maybe the bar was set too high.  I wanted to LOVE this place.  So many of my friends had raved and raved.  "Ooh - have you been to The Abbaye?"  "You HAVE to go to The Abbaye!"  "OMG - I want to take the seitan cheese-steak out behind the middle school and get it pregnant and raise a whole family of nouveau gastropub food babies with the love of my life, The Abbaye!!!"  Okay - that last one may have been an exaggeration, but not by much.
After a couple of stops however, I have to conclude that The Abbaye is a pretty good neighborhood bar with pretty good food.  I have had a burger, chicken sandwich, fries and nachos, and all of them were . . . just fine.  Nothing was great for the price.  The prices were not fantastic for the quality.  The beer list was diverse, but lacked depth.  Everything about it was fine.
I should note that my experiences with the service have been quite good.  If Yelp allowed half-stars, the service would bump them up to 3.5.  I was especially impressed with the fellow who was taking care of our large party (~22 people) as well as other tables, and seeming to keep up with it all very gracefully.  We tipped him well.
I would go back to The Abbaye if something specific was going on there, but I probably won't randomly walk many blocks out of my way past equally "fine" establishments to grab a pint and some pub grub.We went here because we got turned away from 700 because it was overcrowded.
The Abbaye is a nice, intimate bar/restaurant with a tremendous jukebox. Or someone who is my age was playing an early 90's mix CD. Either way, I was smugly proud of myself for being able to name the band and song of each act.
Anyway, the service was prompt. I saw some pregnant lady smoking while she had a toddler in there. There's darts there and it's awkward because if you have to go to the bathroom, you have to walk through the game. The bathroom is weird because it seems as if you're going into the kitchen but instead you're going down this narrow hallway. Once in the personal bathroom, glance at the mirrored walls and pretend you're in a Hal Hartley movie or some European fashion magazine. I give it 3 stars for the music and bathroom.I always forget about this place and I have no idea why.  It's the backup place when we get somewhere in Northern Liberties and it's too crowded or the menu is too limited.  This happened last night--went to try out a new bar and after seeing just 2 really uninteresting pescatarian options, we walked a few blocks over.  
The food is fantastic and never disappoints.  They have had consistently great food for the entire time I've gone there--maybe 5 years?  Their vegetarian options are ridiculously good--probably one of the best in the City.  Their vegetarian (vegan?) chili is a huge, filling bowl of goodness.  Hands down my favorite.  
Their sweet potato fries totally rock.  Perfect texture, not too soggy, always cooked all the way through though.  Nice creative options on the menu for vegetarians like seitan.  Last night I got the BBQ seitan, which was an entree for $12 including a whopping portion of coleslaw, fries with a cheesy mayo dipping sauce and corn on the cob.  It was a gigantic platter of food.  We commented it would have been like $24 at Johnny Brenda's.  
Drink service is quick and correct.  Servers are attentive.  Bartenders at the bar are stellar and most have been there for years.  Most do not have that chip on the shoulder found around these parts--the "tip me well to get great service" thing rather than the "I'll give great service to get tipped well."  
The menu specials do change frequently and it is a HUGE menu for the size of the place.
Only drawbacks are that the music is really too loud before 10pm in there.  A nice dinner between friends can be VERY hard to hear one another and that the servers don't have much personality.  Usually the overly talkative waitstaff bugs me anyway but these servers are really blase.  I'd say that really is probably the thing that doesn't make me think to always go back there.  But I really should.  And you should.I visited the Abbaye last Friday night for the first time.  We couldn't decide on where to go, so my boyfriend suggested the Abbaye.  I was very satisfied with the suggestion.  We wanted an appetizer, so we first started off with the Abbaye Mussels. The sauce was delicious.  Our server offered us more bread for dipping, but we wanted to wait for entrees.  Generally we tend to like to split our meals.  It took us a little to decide but we eventually came to a decision.  We went with a burger with Guoda and the chicken sandwich with bacon and asiago cheese.  The burger was cooked PERFECTLY.  We ordered it MR and that is exactly the way it came out so kudos to you.  The chicken sandwich was also cooked the right way.  It was juicy and easy to eat.  I am in LOVE with the aoli dipping sauce for the fries.  It was a little chilly in the back room and the people next to us were obnoxious, but over all -- nice visit.Big thank you/shout out to Ron C. And his lovely wife Michelle for introducing me to this lovely establishment! The Abbaye is really taking bar food to the next level.  The beer list, first and foremost, is fabulous.  They had one of my very favorites ever-Lancaster milk stout-on draft so I was a happy customer.  Now let's talk about the food.  When you order a cheesesteak here, it's a real steak that has been cut up and put on a delicious roll...not some choppy mystery meat.  Their fries are my new favorite fries in the city for sure.  Wings are highly recommended as well. Definitely a 5 star experience and I will be a repeat customer!The service is always friendly if not the most attentive. Great beer selection and pricing. The drafts are always changing. The cheesesteak is phenomenal. It has plenty of vegetarian options.The environment was nice so a couple of my friends and I decided to check this place out. In terms of the service, it could be improved, we got a little sas from our waitress. 
Food wise, the vegan wings were delicious paired along with Veganaise and veggie sticks. The fried cauliflower is pretty good having the right crunch and texture. Hummus plate was also good but the salad and feta that came with it was not a favorite. Lastly, we tried the Mac & Cheese and we weren't a fan. I felt the texture was off but, to others it may be great. To each his own right?Such an awesome vibe jazz music great food and great bartender Mark. Pleasant surprise in Philly a must see.I have been to the Abbaye maybe a dozen times over the last 3 or 4 years.  It's been a while since I've been there but overall I'd say they have very good brunch food and drinks.  However, my last experience at the Abbaye has resonated and it has been 2 years.  Me and my girlfriend were sat for Brunch on a Saturday.  We ordered our food and about 5 minutes later another couple was sat nearby.  10 minutes went by and the couple who was sat received their order.  5 minutes went by and we asked the waiter about our order.  He said the kitchen was working on it.  Another 5 minutes went by and I asked again, this time saying "the couple next to us is finishing their order and they came in some time after us."  The waiter then gave me a blank stare and said "I don't know what to tell you."  Another 5 minutes went by and at this point I was pretty angry and I again asked the waiter what is going on and he could probly see I was angry.  Again, he said "The kitchen is working on it sir, I don't know what to tell you."  At that point me and my Girlfriend walked out.  A few steps out the door I decided to go in and tell the waiter the following:  "Next time there is a problem with an order that your customers are asking about and your not sure what to tell them, try telling the 'Sorry about the inconvenience' and making them feel like you give a shit."  To that he replied "I dont' know what to tell you."  That was the last time I was at the Abbaye.Searching for a dog-friendly place to grab a couple beers and some bites with friends? Look no further. Abbaye checks all the boxes. I liked my recent visit here but wasn't blown away. 
Service was really good. Very attentive to us and our 4 legged friends. He set out water for the dogs and made sure that our beers were always full. 
Sitting outside was nice but also a little annoying. The inability to see the beer list from where we were sitting and the lack of a printed version meant that we had to get up to look at the menu anytime we wanted to order another. I just let the server pick and then stuck with that. The beer was good though I can't tell you about the beer list, since I never saw it but I'd imagine it is good since few restaurants in NoLibs can survive without a decent one.
We ordered the nachos to share. They were pretty standard. I had higher hopes for the food based on reviews and the opinion of a member of my party who loved the nachos on previous visits here. 
Pretty standard beer bar IMO. Worth a try if you're in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.The Abbaye is your typical neighborhood pub. I was here on a Saturday night for a friend's band that was playing during karaoke. It's a narrow space, the bar was full, and the music was loud. Did not get a chance to try food here but the bartenders were quick and courteous.Delicious cheesesteaks.  The aioli sauce is key.  Since my first cheesesteak here I've made a point to come back every time I visit Philly.  Great beer selection, laid back place- great to just hang out and watch the game.  The service isn't amazing, we had to ask for our water to be refilled.  The cheese steak makes it worth the trip.It's the great beer, friendly people, and laid back atmosphere that has kept me coming back to the Abbaye consistently for 7+ years. The food does not disappoint either; breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  This will always be my go-to bar in Northern Liberties.Great craft beer selection. Nice atmosphere friendly staff and patrons . Good times.
Second time here for lunch OMG had the brisket special. Slow cooked braised brisket with a slightly spicy sauce that is not BBQ. Fried shallots and asiago cheese grated and left to melt as I ate. The fried shallots ( as opposed to onion rings) topped it off nicely as well as the calla bum.  Well played. 
I give it 3 eye rolls ( an orgasm is three as well so no sex needed tonight !!)I think of The Abbaye as a cool spot to stop in, grab a beer and some food, and watch a Phillies game. Come to think of it, that's exactly what I did the first time I came here...
Based on the recommendation of friends, I tried the cheese plate, sweet potato fries, and the southern fried chicken tenders. Cheese plate was excellent.
Sadly, the sweet potato fries and the southern fried chicken tenders...not so excellent. The sweet potato fries tasted and looked more like unripened sweet potatoes that had just been sliced into wedges resembling thick-cut fries that needed a touch of sea salt, so as to at least make a decent attempt at the sweet salty treat. Also, I'm not sure what makes the chicken tenders "southern" other than the fact that they are fried but they could've used some "southern" seasoning and some southern BBQ sauce, because that would've aligned more with what I was expecting.
All in all, this is a good local bar with a great beer selection. Generally nice people that work there too.One of our friends' go-to places when we don't know where to go/what to do for the evening. Food is always good, especially the burgers. We got nachos the other day for the first time which I really liked, but much to my dismay had no jalapenos or other spicy thing. Frequent beer rotation with a really good selection - this place is really underrated, especially in that aspect. Why are all of the beer snobs not going here?
Minus one star because the service is SO spotty, and by spotty I mean sometimes the servers are straight mean and act like you are lucky to get a beer from them. This is especially annoying because we have been going there for years - you would think they would have warmed up to us by now.Slow service, food was okay. Nothing to write home about, but nothing terribly horrible either. A good joint to grab a few drinks and play Quizzo.Fun and laid back neighborhood bar. Good food and good atmosphere! If you're in this kind of mood, definitely check it out! Plenty of similar and fun places near by if you are looking to hop around too.Great happy hour specials, yummy vegan wings and tomato soup.I went back to the abbaye and decided to enjoy a delicious burger.  Their burgers are top notch and the fries and dipping sauce are great!  In spite of the great food and beer selection, I have to settle on 3 stars for now because of the lack-luster service.  But I will keep going back with an open mind!Gotta throw some good vibes out into the universe.... long live the Abbaye.    Solid local mainstay since my in the biz days.I have no gripes with the food, drinks, or service here, but Two-Wheel Tuesday...? 
Whoever created this promotion is a stamped & certified managerial liability. 
Rewarding people who show up on motorcycles with cheap booze is just the biggest insurance nightmare I've ever seen. Actually encouraging drunk driving....? hmm... Rationally absurd, yet somehow cutting-edge. 
Thou, if your really jonesin' to lose your restaurant, how about sponsoring the "Guns, Booze, & Babies" event I've been trying to get picked up. That shit is a lock!If I lived closer, I'd be a regular here.  I've had many lunches and a wide variety of beers here.  Great selection of craft beers on rotating taps, excellent food, friendly bartenders, relaxed and comfortable atmosphere.  Not as famous as other places but should be. If I could be instantly transported to anyplace in Philly for a lunch and a drink, I'd go to the Abbaye.  Superlative!I love this place. I feel very privileged to call The Abbaye my neighborhood pub.
They have a fine selection of rotating beers. The food is always top-notch. The staff is always the friendliest, most professional and laid back ever.
I would go here not just anytime, but all the time.I stumbled upon this place after a very interesting evening .. ran into a friend and ended up staying for a while.. when we stumbled in it was quizzo  night.. and I am a fan of quizzo.. however I prefer quizzo that demands actual intellect as opposed to watching every television show there is.. however tha'ts my personal quizzo taste and I can't knock them for having a different style of play than I like.. HOWEVER what annoyed me most about this place was the waitress.. don't tell me that something is vegetarian but cooked with animal products.. that is NOT vegetarian.. blah! its a cool place to relax and chill and discuss the fun things you've done someplace else.. I can't say that I wouldn't go again just to see if it was an off nightDear Abbaye,
      Thank you for being so amazing, and also walking distance from my apartment.  Your vegetarian food makes my heart rejoice, your beer selection makes my boyfriend rejoice, and your happy hour makes everyone rejoice (totally amazing happy hour deals... $2 off all draught beer, $3 well drinks, $3-4 appetizer specials, $5? wine...).  Your $10 buy-the-glass events have been some of the most fun times of ever.  Your bartender Ryan (hi Ryan!) is the bomb-diggety.  He had us sold on Abbaye after our first time there.  We are so close to just never buying food or drink from the store again and going to Abbaye all day long.  If only!
Love, 
your fans.The Abbaye has been in my top 5 go-to spots for relaxing with a good beer and some satisfying food for years.
They have a pretty solid tap list that's generally seasonal, and offer up some creative and tasty pub fare, especially the rotating specials.  The chefs always have a good variety of vegan/veg items on the menu, even for brunch.  Bonus points for having Yard's ESA on handpump.
The Abbaye has a decent-sized bar, and a fairly generous dining area.  You'll feel comfortable at a table for 2, but they'll also accomodate fairly large crowds.  I've been here with parties of 6-8 on a few occasions with no issues.   They also have outdoor seating in the warmer months. I've always found the staff--bar tenders and servers--generally pleasant and attentive.
PS:  People, stop bringing babies/kids here (or any other bar).  We all hate you.  Also, actually, don't bring your dog.  It's obnoxious.  You're synonymous with  the guy/girl at the coffee shop with your MacBook Pro.  I understand you need attention, but do it somewhere else.Great food and beer selection! 
Only my second time in Philly and this place was a great welcome. Had the BYO-Burger and some of their brunch specials. Drinks well made and well priced. Hope to return here!Great cozy spot for a beer and a snack. In a city that prides itself on having good beers on tap, this place goes the extra mile with some truly unique beer selections. I'd be willing to bet you haven't had had half of the beers they have available at any given time. Food's not bad either. But go for the beer.This place is always chill with great food and beers on tap.  The bartenders and waiters make sure your enjoying yourself.  Best place in the 'hood!My friend recently moved to Northern Liberties after a walk around the neighborhood we decided to stop here for dinner. Our server was great-- suggested a great beer to my friend and got it to us quick! We both thought the food was great-- she got shrimp with corn cakes & salsa and a bowl of corn chowder, and I had a braised West Indian chicken dish which was great.. the meat was tender and the sauce was amazing- and it came with rice & beans (and I usually hate beans, but these were cooked perfectly with a nice meaty texture) I definitely cleared my plate and still had room for their delicious bread pudding, it was warm and gooey and had a yummy chocolate sauce on top. Her shrimp dish was great as well, the salsa had a really great flavor and the corn cakes were tasty as well. I'm not a big corn chowder fan so I didn't try it but she loved it. Seemed like a really nice laid back place to have a drink if you live in the neighborhood and wanted a chill night out, the music was good and they were playing the Phillies game on the huge plasma tv above the bar. They also have a vast selection vegan of options. Was nice and cozy inside and they have outdoor seating as well.Had brunch on their sidewalk patio. The food was good. The avocado/spinach omelette was tasty & not too oily. The beer selection was also vast. Great neighborhood place.I love this bar. The best food anytime of the day or week. Best and greatest beer selection around NO LIBS.I love the abbaye...good beer....good food....good service.... I can bring my dog in to eat with me. (or I used to be allowed to, is this still allowed people?)  reasonable prices.  This is one of the bars I frequently return to, I love their dinner, their brunch menu leaves me a little unsatisfied sometimes...probably because they leave the amazing dinner specials on the chalkboard all day and you read it because its there, wishing just wishing you could order off it...why do you have to be such a tease abbaye?   Thats the only negative thing about the abbaye on the weekends...wanting to order off the very visable dinner menu...too bad.
This is one of the great northern liberties bars...check it.The food is absolutely amazing, but the menu is very small! Not much to choose from, great service thoughThe crispy chicken sandwich crazy try it got it soon as I got off from work one day I was working down the street from there and said to my buddy u smell dat he said it's that restaurant up the street I said im going to try itThe Abbaye is an underrated bar in town. Good food, great rotating beer selection and a killer happy hour. I have had many a blackboard special (soft shell crabs a memorable one) and the cheese steak is a must. I have been here a few times with groups eight or more or just few as two and the service has been a little slow. $2 off all drafts and $3-$5 small plates for happy hour how can you go wrong. We haven't been in a couple months and realize that we need to get here more often.We were recommended this place after a group of us found out that North 3rd wasn't wheelchair accessible.
Turns out that it was a great twist of fate as we had a fantastic time.
It has a ramp side entrance that the staff was happy to help with, though it wasn't really necessary.
The menu is not huge and easily half the options were vegetarian with great takes on classic sandwiches. (We all rolled the sandwich route but there were other great sounding choices as well.)
Our delicious pulled pork, Reubens, crab cakes, etc were accompanied by a nice selection of domestic and imported beverages.
They sat 11 of us and managed to take and fulfill all our orders timely, accurately and kindly.
Truly great find.I should preface this review by saying it was super busy when we got there.  There seemed to be a birthday party of sorts happening, with a party of about 20, so this may have affected our service.
Okay - what's with the lack of hostess stands or at least some type of sign somewhere telling new patrons what they should be doing.  We stood in the doorway while the [busy] bartender helped people, waitresses hurried to tables... all the while wondering, do we seat ourselves?  Finally when someone walked straight in and took an empty table, we followed suit after stopping at the bar to ask if this was okay.  Still - a nod or a quick comment from someone who worked there would have helped - there were at least six people standing around confused at the doorway.
After we were seated we were helped by many people.  Great teamwork but it also confused us... who was our server?  When a different person dropped off my food than took my order, then disappeared a split second later (when I was trying to tell him it was not what I ordered), it took awhile to get someone [else] to come back to the table.  Thankfully we had decided to split both of our meals.  
The burger was juicy and delicious.  I liked the option of adding your preferred toppings, although it seemed a bit excessive to charge at least 50 cents per topping, including cheese.  A plain burger was already $10.  We got avocado and cheddar.  When we were finally able to get someone to take back the wrong order, no one came back to update us for almost 20 minutes.  We had a show to get to and were thinking about telling them to forget it when it finally came.  
Meatloaf sandwich wrapped in bacon on challah bread with gruyere.  Challah bread was barely toasted, and the sandwich was pretty bland overall.  We had to devour it quickly so as not to be late to our show, and we had given ourselves an hour and a half for dinner.
The person who brought our check -- yet ANOTHER person -- took the second sandwich off the bill so that was a plus.  However, there are too many places to get a good burger in the area. I think we'll reserve this place for grabbing a beer now and then, or maybe we'll give it another chance when it is less busy.Just finishing up dinner here for the first time. Beautiful night to sit outside and nice atmosphere. Me and the wife shared the hummus plate comes with feta and olives, it was excellent. Wife had the mussels and liked them. We also shared a caprese salad special it was ok, had better. My entree was also a special, crab cakes with jalapeño tartar, mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus, it was very good. The regular menu never really appealed to me but I'll check the website for daily specials. Erica our waitress, was very personable and provided great service. Enjoyed talking about the neighborhood with her.My fiancee and I have been going to the Abbaye for a couple years now. Even though it's no longer just a bike ride away for us, we still hop on the MFL when ever we get a chance. 
The service isn't always the quickest, however, it's always friendly and courteous. And the food that's being served is pretty much always top-notch. Some of my fave serves: beef stuffed cabbage, belgian tomato soup, the fries, the burgers and the continuously rotating selection of craft brews.
Also, brunch is AWESOME!!Just moved in the neighborhood and this was my first bar/restaurant! I love the quizzo here on Thursdays, very fun and interactive. The drinks and food here are great as well as they are well priced. All the vegetarians should love this place as well; lots of veggie options.Ridiculous vegan wings. I could eat three plates of them! They have some great vegetarian options. Decent veggie burger, pretty good vegetarian cheesesteak and a good veggie meatball sandwich. They have a decent beer selection as well. I recommend trying this place and I especially recommend ordering their vegan wings.quait little place with a good jukebox, decent menue, good service and good beers.  I would recomend it to anyone who is near it, but its not somewhere i would go far out of my way to visit.I really liked this place. Parking wasn't so bad and they have a huge selection of menu items for vegans and vegetarians. I had the vegan cheesesteak and it was good. They had a good drink selection. I would definitely go back to try their other vegan options.Cheap beer, burger haven, and wide open spaces? Count me in! I wish I could have tried more of the menu. 
My only complaint is the parking nearby, which is almost nonexistant. It is something I will consider in visiting The Abbaye again, which will happen sometime soon. I just don't know when.This review is for the Abbaye but really for Two-Wheel Tuesday. 
If you show up on a motorcycle (or scooter, or moped, or bicycle with a lawnmower engine lashed to it) you get 50% off beers and food.  
There are always a gang of 'cycle dudes and bitches who show up, with Guzzis, Ducatis, old Hondas, and a vintage Piaggio or two.   The old dudes in leather pants make me giggle to myself, but everyone is super nice and very interested in bikes.  
A good destination for a group ride on Tuesday afternoon.  
Remember:  Four wheels bad, Two Wheels good, two legs stupid.I recently had my first Quizzo experience here.  Good selection of beers.  We ordered some snacks that were good. The menu looks good but we'd already eaten earlier.  It's pretty big but still comfortable.  Friendly staff who seemed to know everyone (probably Quizzo regulars?).I just recently moved to NoLibs and quickly by-passed the other more popular places for The Abbaye.  I think it has a much more neighborhood feel to it.  This is a great plce to realx and try the constantly revolving belgian beers on tap!  AWESOME food - you MUST have the Mac & Cheese and the MeatLoaf sandwich.  They typically have a decent vegitarian selection going on too - check the chalk board!First time here and I loved it. I had the seitan cheesesteak and it was pretty good. I had the Passion fruit margarita which was good. It wasn't super strong though. The service was great.I went for Sunday brunch with a friend and it was crowded, but we were able to sit down right away. This was my first time, but my friend said that it was never this crowded. The waitress seemed flustered with the amount of customers she had, and did take a long time to take our order and even give us menus. By the time we did order they were out of waffles and french toast. Then we waited a very long time for our food, close to an hour. Once we got our food it was delicious! However, we then started to hear that they were running out of even more things. This cut the brunch menu down to very few items. 
This may be a very good restaurant at other times, but if you're looking for a brunch place on Sunday and you're running a little later than the normal crowd, I wouldn't recommend to come here.Excellent choice if you are searching for a little place that offered good service, and some great vegetarian choices (seitan chicken sandwich was excellent!).  
One of the other diners had mentioned how awesome their seafood sausage was --- I'll try it next time.
We sat outside, the weather was nice, and had a nice enjoyable meal.  I'd definitely go back - we were there on a Thursday evening.
I hear their burgers and fries are good too!This place is on par with most other Northern Liberties bar/food places.  Fancy-schmancy food combined with beer.  The difference is that they have a regularly rotating selection of pretty exotic beers for a almost-tolerable price.  I think their food selection is also rotating but I'm not sure on that one...
I guess this is a problem with me more than a problem with the Abbaye.  I just wish there was a place in my neighborhood that served a burger that doesn't cost $9.
Regardless, the service is good and the atmosphere is classic low-wattage dim bar feeling.  But really, you could interchange Standard Tap with this place and I wouldn't know the difference.I can't believe it took us this long to actually eat at The Abbaye especially because my husband is the property manager for it and this entire block in fact. We came on a Friday at 7pm and snagged the last table outside. Man, I love dining al fresco in this town and at the corner of 3rd and Fairmount, it's just a lovely, different change of pace from dining in center city. 
We were greeted very warmly by both the bartender inside when we went in for a table and from the waiter as well. 
The drinks we had were both delish. They have about a dozen rotating beers of all sorts on tap ranging from $6-$7, listed on a chalkboard. Some true gems thrown in there. We went with the Duck Rabbit Milk Stout ($6) and the cucumber margarita ($6) which was recommended by a friend. The marg on the rocks was very refreshing, cool and crisp. Not super strong, but  just enough and exclusive what I want looking for. The stout was unique and definitely worth trying for any fan of "milkier" beers. 
We probably ordered one dish too many for our table of 4 but there were some many veg friendly options we just had to try them:
Hummus ($8) A fairly big portion for an app! Creamy, delicious hummus and perfectly toasted pita. Some pitted olives and a small bit of salad. Yum! Kiddos tore this apart and still had leftovers! 
Mac and cheese ($5) The kiddos didn't like it so much and they are HUGE fans of Mac and cheese. Hmm. There was an extra square layer of cheese on top which turned them off a bit and they said it was "spicy" aka peppery, but hubs said it was really very great and old school, homemade tasting. 
Seitan cheesesteak ($13) diced which is new to me. It does come with cheese but can easily be made without which is how hubs and I ordered it. The seitan was very tasty and juicy, but the roll was a bit tough. The "meat' itself was flavorful but overall, just pretty good, not wonderful. Not enough to really take out of the roll which is how I usually eat it. The Pomme fries which came with it were oh so, so good however! Getting a side order of these to share for the table may be a good idea next time! 
Vegan wings  ($10) SOOOOO GOOOOOD!! I've heard a lot of rave reviews about the vegan wings here and they're worth the hype. They were my favorite dish we had! Perfectly meaty and perfectly spicy. Yum! My only (minor) complaint would be to offer more than just Veganaise (vegan mayo) for the wings. It's not hard to whip up a vegan aioli or even grab a vegan ranch, but they're were so delicious I didn't really care that much. They didn't really need anything. Meat eating hubs loved these as well! Highly recommend these to any fan of wings, vegan or not!
The food came out fast. Waters were refilled without asking. Prices were very reasonable. The vibe is super casual and laid back. 
The menu is a tad smaller, but there's something for everyone including vegans and they do have some very enticing daily specials! We would absolutely eat here again. I want to try that Korean cauliflower I keep seeing! Those wings alone are worthy of another visit. Craving them now in fact. YUM!! 
Quizzo on Thursdays. Karaoke on Sunday's.Having come here several times I feel I am in a fairly good position to feel good about my rating. The food is always decent, everything I have had here has been tasty, and the beer selection is usually above average. The chicken fingers are by far my go-to item and usually come with an array of tasty sauces. Its a great place to sit in the summer.
Unfortunately, the attitude of the entire staff, save one woman whose name I forget, needs a serious, serious adjustment. It can be described as disinterest and competent at best. Very rarely, do I ever feel like a "guest" or that I am welcome. Instead I feel like an inconvenience that is just there to exchange money for food. If I have gotten a smile from any of the staff ever, I'd be surprised. It almost feels like a bar staffed by people who are recovering alcoholics but are forced to work at a bar anyway, nobody seems to want to be present, or even have the energy to fake it. If I didn't live 20 feet away I'm not sure how often I'd return..I've been to the Abbaye a few times and had average experiences. The first was the best - for beer week quizzo. Super fun! Went back for quizzo and hated it...the quizzo host wasn't great and the service was slow. Last time I went was for brunch and it was good but there was a hair cooked into (not just laying on top of) my breakfast burrito so that pretty much set the tone. I worked in the service industry and understand it's possible for things to happen but it will probably keep me from coming back for food at least.Stopped by this place because I heard some great reviews. The food is out of this world! The Belgium tomato soup was delicious! The burger and fries amazing. I would totally come back here to eat. Cool atmosphere too.You lost my business tonight. I live two blocks away and your place was quite convenient. I wanted to sit outside with my dog where there were two open tables and you told me you couldn't sit 1 outside on weekends. I guess it wasn't important that I got takeout from you 2 nights per week or would swing over to the bar for a drink. 
Pretty disappointing you treat customers like that. Now I know how it feels when people are turned away for dumb reasons.Racist, racist bartenders and servers.  Honestly don't know why any people of color patronize this bar.Abbaye has a great beer selection and a nice, relaxing environment.  It's difficult to get clustered due to the set up inside.
The food is hit or miss.  They have venison, mussels, filet mignon cheesesteaks...it's either great or bleh.
Nevertheless, I keep going back. :-)For my bday back in April, my husband and close friend took me out to eat. It is a bar but I was pregnant so I cannot speak on the alcoholic beverages there. I can however speak on the food. The appetizer was pretty good. We had the nachos and I remembered being impressed with them. The meal itself was okay to the point I can't remember what I had. The highlight of this place for us that night was the desert. They have the best lemon meringue pie I have ever had. I ordered the bread pudding which was nice. I probably would have enjoyed it more if I did not try the lemon meringue my husband ordered. So, while the food was okay the desert is worth a stop in. The food is not horrible so  I wouldn't mind ordering a plate if I were to go again BUT to be honest I might only ask for the desert menu!Absolutely loved everything about this place. Ambiance, service, food, drinks. We had the vegan wings, Korean cauliflower, vegan cheesesteak, vegan meatball sandwich, and margaritas which were amazing !! All made from fresh juices. Cannot wait to go back. Our server Jorge was the best!!A cool place with great atmosphere. Decent beer selection. I didn't try any food but what I saw coming out of the kitchen looked delicious. I retuned and has the food which was very good. A def. place to check out.Aww, I love the Abbaye! It's so absolutely chill. They have karaoke Sunday nights and it's really funny. It's not usually very busy so you get to sing a lot and get to know the other patrons. Quizzo is on Thursday night and I like the dude that hosts it. 
The food isn't always wonderful, but--- I think they make the best durned cheese steak in America. And paired with their amaaaazing french fries?? And a list of tasty beers I've never heard of before?!? Dream. Come. True. 
I'm also a huge fan of their mussels in white sauce with bacon chunks. (mmmbaconnn) The veggieburger is also very yum.Cool, engaging bartenders and yummy "build your own burger" = a solid good time in Northern Liberties.  This is a great spot for a quick, casual bite and drinks.  I will be back to check out their brunch.Last time I was here for pub trivia with Jon the drunk Irishman.   I insisted that the capital of Northern Ireland was Dublin.  He was like, "the capital of Northern Ireland is Belfast! you no good piece of piss horse wanker!"  He then gave me a Randy Machoman Savage flying elbow off the top turnbuckle while eating the Abbaye's delicious fried zucchini hoagie.  Totally weird night.My boyfriend and I recently came here for a late night dinner. The place is dark and relatively quiet for a bar and it seemed to attract the local NoLibs crowd. They had a pretty decent draft beer list, which was a good start! There were several vegan options to pick from. Naturally, I started of with the vegan hot wings. I can honestly say these are the best vegan wings in the city!! The sauce is a traditional hot wing sauce and it comes with a side a vegenaise for dipping. For dinner, I decided to get the vegan meatball sandwich. It came with fries. The sandwich was marinara sauce, vegan meatballs and vegan cheese is a long roll, it was amazing (how could it not be?). Surprisingly, the fries were also delicious. Probably some of the best fries I've had in the city. Overall, we both really enjoyed this place a lot and we will definitely be back!!The service was definitely "relaxed" - she didn't come by once after we received our food until giving us the bill - but luckily everything was fine so we didn't really need her.  I got the veggie burger because it's house made (I refuse to pay $9 for a gardenburger) but it was a little mushy.  The fries are french style and crisp and tasty.  The portions are large and decently priced, and there are multiple vegetarian items on the menu so I'm definitely interested in trying them out another time.  We got to sit outside which was nice; I don't think I'd enjoy the inside atmosphere there on a nice summer evening.  Overall way better than it's neighbor North 3rd.This is my to-go place when I am in no mood to wait for brunch.  Abbaye has a delicious egg and cheese sandwich on biscuit or bagel, and consistently good service.  Sometimes I am turned off by the over fried breakfast potatoes, but that doesn't stop me from going back!  P.S. they have amazing nachos.I am not impressed AT ALL with the food, but as I am very happy with everything else about the Abbaye, they still get four stars.  
They sell dry cider, have friendly service and are excellent for large groups, so these reasons will keep me coming back, mostly for the Motorcycle and scooter coalition of Philadelphia meetings.I want this place in Brooklyn!!! 
This is an establishment that has a wonderful selection of quality beers, delicious food and fabulous service!
We popped in, ravenous, for some comfort food and got it. 
I ordered the Barbar Belgian Honey Ale (Can you believe they had Southern Tier and I abstained?!) and a meatloaf sandwich. 
Let's talk about this sandwich. Meatloaf. Wrapped in BACON. Covered with CHEESE. Served with scrumptious shoe string fries w/ some aioli. 
Fuck. Yes. To be honest, I could only handle the first half of the sandwich, but I sat there shoveling aioli drenched fries in my mouth for 20 minutes. It was so bad...but so good. 
The Honey Ale hit the spot, and with the 8%abv, I was feeling nicely toasty after finishing it. Which was key as it was raining like crazy. 
Get your ass here.