Went last night and ordered fish and chips.  Waiter said they did not serve fish and chips; I told him it was on the specials sign.  Fish tasted wrong-- turns out they made it with TILAPIA.  Should have stuck with the mussels.My first time here was great.  Beautiful outdoor seating (so dog friendly!) and great, attentive service.  Their beer list is great with great prices.  I LOVE their vegetarian friendly menu as well.  They're not your typical vegetarian selections but very unique (like a cauliflower crust pizza with mushrooms - delicious!).A friend and I took a chance on this place after reading their menu one night.  I'm so happy we did!  The mussels are to die for and I LOVE BELGIAN BEER!  There's no shortage of beer here, the list is endless.  Our waiter Ken was patient and very helpful. I can't wait to go back and eat/drink more.Brunch at Belgian Cafe was very good today. I had the chefs omelet special, tomato & Brie, Loretta loved the peppers & scrambled eggs. Coffee is strong had 2 & half cups each.  Very reasonably priced. Wil go there again and again.Very great meal and to add a compliment - our waitress Megan gave us a credit on one of our burgers because it was not the temperature we had asked for (was well done and we had asked for rare). We didn't even ask for the credit she just gave it to us, which made it even more meaningful. I am the general manager of a cafe in New Jersey and long story short I had just gotten into an argument with a vendor last week because they were {inexplicably} an entire day late with my shipment of perishables and they didn't even offer a discount or credit and I told them how crappy of a business practice that was. In my cafe if someone disliked his or her sandwich or anything else they would and DO get full refunds because I believe that is a good business practice. So in closing I really commend that waitress for sharing good business practice and values, that is the reason I have given this cafe five stars.If Yelp allowed half stars I'd probably rate Belgium a 3.5. Incredible beer selection, awesome mussels, and chill/cozy atmosphere make this a neighborhood favorite of mine. The service at the bar is sometimes hit or miss but overall I really love this place for dates or just grabbing a beer with friends. Looking forward to warmer weather to enjoy the outdoor seating again.We went here on a sunday around 2pm for a late lunch/brunch.
Sat outside since it was a beautiful day and who doesn't love sitting on green street.
I will not be going back here again however.
I ordered a coke and a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato, onion and swiss cheese. Cooked medium with a side of fries (since yelpers say the fries are good here)
waited 15 minutes for the Coca cola.
waited another 15 minutes for the burger.  Burger was burnt. Teeny Tiny on a Roll that tasted like nothing. oh yeah and i asked for ketchup, something salvage this burger. waited 5 minutes for ketchup.
I'm not sure why yelpers love their fries so much? they arent a crisp fry so if you dont like crispy fry then okay fine. But how do you warrant a french fries that are only 1 inch long? its not exactly appealing having to grab hold of fries with your finger tips, 6-7 fries at a time.
Living so close to the Belgian cafe it is so disappointing that it wasnt a home run.  Guess ill be continuing on down the street back to st. stephens.Waitress (from the table next to us) dropped a glass of milk on the floor next to the table where my friend and I were eating.  It splashed all over use.  She was very apologetic, and brought a wet cloth so we could try to clean up a bit (cloth didn't help much).   Slow service. Food came.  Good fries.  Soup was just OK, room temperature, not hot.  Then the bill came.  Our waiter had quoted us a price that was much less then the item appeared on the bill.  I pointed this out to the waiter.  He just said "sorry."  The manager said the same.
For the milk spill, they should have paid for part, if not all of the bill.  Also, they didn't reduce price of misquoted item.  No change to the bill at all.  Tacky.Awesome beer list, both on draft and in the bottle. I had a chance to try Harviestoun's Ola Dubh, a collaboration between Harviestoun Brewery and Highland Park Distiller that ages Harviestoun's already delicious Old Engine Oil beer in malt whiskey casks. I'd have to place this beer in my top 5. 
The food is great as well, loved the veggie burger topped with blue cheese and the fries are awesome. I was less impressed with the desserts so save yourself the calories and order another beer. Cheers!I've been trying different Philadelphia eateries for the past few days (visiting) and I've got to say this place is highly underrated on yelp.  My food was fantastic, I got a veggie burger with blue cheese and fries.  The beer list is huge and varied.  I love the neighborhood and the atmosphere too.
A little pricey, but worth it overall.  Great vegan burger!!I liked this place. It was much less crowded and noisy than Eulogy or Monk's. The mussels were fresh, large, and tender. The fries were so skinny and delicious, and there are multiple unique sauces/mayos to dip them in. And if you are a beer-lover, they have hundreds of different beers available. The donut and caramel sauce dessert ($5) was very generous, with three large donuts.Fairmount is such a lovely neighborhood and the Belgian Cafe adds to the atmosphere of the neighborhood.  Located on Green street, which is one of my favorite streets in Fairmount, they offer both indoor or outdoor seating.  Belgian Cafe is more spacious than its sister restaurant, Monks, so that is appealing.  The menus are identical.  We had a couple of drafts and the award winning pomme frites. The smoked ketchup was terrific.  We will be back for sure.Really disappointed with my recent Belgian Cafe experience. I ordered "vegan buffalo wings." Sounded simple to me. The plate came to the table covered in blue cheese crumbles. I spoke up to the bartender who said that the buffalo sauce was not vegan. That should have been stated when I asked for "vegan buffalo wings." Additionally, the menu says nothing about the sauce not being vegan. Other wing sauces are vegan. After what happened, I was turned off and simply left. 
The Belgian Cafe needs its staff to clearly explain which wing sauce is vegan and which is not when people order the seitan wings. I hope they improve the training of their staff. Better yet, they should simply make a buffalo sauce that is vegan!Best French fries in the city. They are truly incredible. The bourbon mayo is perfection (and the burgers are excellent too!)I'm a huge seafood fan and I heard that the mussels are the thing to order at the Belgian Cafe. I was not disappointed! I ordered the mussels served "herge" style with jalapeno pepper butter, cilantro, orange zest, and belgian wit ale. The mussels and broth were both excellent. The meal was also served with fries (small, thin, and mushy, I prefer a little more substance but the dipping sauce made up for it!). 
The beer selection alone is enough reason to come here-it was slightly overwhelming, but it helps to dine with beer connoisseurs who can point you in the right direction. 
The wait staff was very attentive, our drinks (beer and water) were replenished and food brought out in a timely fashion. 
The only problem we encountered is parking-there's no lot, and in this part of Philly, expect to be driving around a little to find a space on the street. Arrive early!The menu boasts "award winning fries" multiple times, almost enough to provoke skepticism. But this place backs it up! My fiancé and I both got burgers which were very good & filling. There was an extensive beer list which was nice, too. Next time I'll try a different entree, but I'm sticking with the fries.
It's very close to the indego bike share, too. So if you're up for a ride you have a great excuse to check this place out.Very good mussels.   Large beer selection from all over the world.   I come here for lunch a lot.  Nice looking restaurant with art on the walls.   If you want sometjing different then come hereThis is my favorite beer place in the city. Fresh hand cut fries and amazing fresh fried chicken. Great selection of European and other beersI like the Beer selection and the bar area. As common the Belgium beer is overpriced, though. If you share a big bottle it is a bit more reasonable. I do not like the inside dining area, it is basically a big hall.
Stay away from the food: I tried 3 times with 3 misses. Twice was steak salad with "medium" steak, which was either overdone or so rare that I could not chew it. When I asked to get another one for the rare one they just put it back on the grill, since it was sliced it turned into tasteless tough meat.Awesome.  Tons of great Belgian beers, and decent fries.  My burger was good as well.  But most importantly, you're not going to this place to get the best food in Philly...it's the selection of great beers and a waitstaff that knows their stuff.A Belgian restaurant with a surprisingly large array of vegan and vegetarian options. Who would have thought! Amazing selection of beers. Not sure about the wines, nothing jumped out. But they have mead, Its the first time I'm seeing that on a menu in Philly! 
Food: I ordered seitan wings in Mongolian sauce. It came with a vegan aoli. It was grilled to perfection and bursting with flavors. My daughter wanted to eat a salad and we managed to find a vegetarian one that had spinach and butternut squash. It was one of those salads that is just adequately nice, you can find no fault but you don't exactly clean out your plate wanting more! My husband had a German sausage with a side of fries. The sausage was about three times the size of a regular hotdog! But he says he loved it. The fries come with a bourbon sauce. Dessert options are limited- chocolate mousse or doughnuts. But here's the thing about the doughnuts- they are made fresh and come to your table piping hot with a side of warm caramel sauce. Not exactly a krispykreme!
In short, we definitely have to go back, there are plenty of things on the menu we still haven't tried.Basically a mini Monk's without the always insane wait. Miss Tavern on the Green but pleased with having this place in the neighborhood.To those beer and a burger kinda people; go to the Belgian Cafe. 
Sitting in the actual restaurant, I was consumed with the quasi Mexican restaurant lighting and colouring paired with semiavant-garde artwork. The bottled beer list is a tome, while the draft list is approachable and varied. Tragically, the Maharaja Imperial IPA was out so I went with the recommendation of the waitress. Nothing memorable, but still delicious. 
If you are going to have a burger, or any dish, named after the restaurant it has better be the best thing on the menu. Man Law. For this reason I went with the Monk's burger; caramelized leeks and blue cheese. The burger was perfectly cooked, with juicy meat and a slightly sweet taste from the leeks with a hint of brazen blue cheese punch. But it is the bun that makes these burgers; slight crisp and plump to absorb the juiciness of the burger. 
Over all satisfaction guaranteed, the only star off is due to the simple fact that the Maharaja Imperial IPA was no longer available. It is simply the principality of me being a total IPA man-whore.We had a family get-together in Philadelphia for the Army-Navy Game weekend. Visited the Eastern Penitentiary and found this place while waiting for other family members to arrive in town. 
Four of us stopped in for drinks and an appetizer (had their pretzel bites not on the menu put very good with a couple of beers).
They have an excellent beer selections - the people are very nice - bathrooms clean and a neat atmosphere interesting neighborhood.  
So for a relaxing beer or two this is the place.There is a bar and if you want food, a seating area. Both have fantastic esthetic. The small bowl of Django muscles was perfect and I look forward to trying the other varieties. The fries with mayo, awesome! The service was polite and timely. The Chimay was, as always, a perfect addition to the meal. This restaurant is perfectly placed in a nice neighborhood. I recommend this for a good time, good ambiance and good noshing!Have you ever had those times when you really need to go to the grocery store but don't have time so for a few nights you eek out weird meals comprised of the random stuff left in your fridge that is about to go bad?  This is exactly what this menu is like.  I think they are trying to be fancy with their flavor combos, but they just hugely miss the mark.  
We live around the corner, our kitchen is under construction, we keep wanting this to be our go-to place to eat but the menu is just so off it often takes three trips of the waiter back to the table before I can pick out something on the menu that doesn't sound plan nasty.  
Their mussels do not taste fresh and are an overall disappointment that I think most people forget about because they are so wowed by the ridiculous flavorings they come with - who puts cheese on muscles?  Yuck!  Their burgers are tiny and don't come with ANYTHING, no side salad, no french fries.  Those are all extra.  The hamburger is just a small piece of meat, on a small bun, on a big lonely plate.  And the wait staff can never get right whether or not they are organic.  The verdict changes with each visit and each waiter we speak with.  I do like their steak salad.  The meat is grass fed and tastes fresh.    Their fries are stubby little nuggets of crispy bits, each batch seeming like the little ends that have fallen through the basket on somebody else's order.  Their stake fries are damn tasty though.  
So, when a friend really wants to go here and I don't feel like being rude, I will go, eat an expensive steak salad and steak fries dinner and wish I had spent the money on better food somewhere else.
My husband does love the beer list.I live across the street so I pop in quite often to have one of their new draft beers which is on a rotation or expand my beer prowess by trying one of their litterally 100's of bottles.
The food is great the pork schnitzel hits the spot every time when Steve is bar backing with Marlena good times will be had by all definitely worth checking out if you're in the fairmount area!Great place to eat some good hearty food.
I really love the frites. They are amazing! 
I've had the burgers a few times and they are really great. I suggest the burger with the goat cheese which is delicious. They have a great selection of beers, a very extensive menu that is very well classified and laid out to help you choose the right one for you. However the beer menu is probably twice the size of the food menu which is discouraging. There isn't a huge selection of food. Though the mussels are a local favorite. 
The service is typically acceptable, though the last time I went the waitress seemed very upset. She also slammed out plates down onto the table a few times as well. 
It also gets pretty busy at times. Which can make the place seem crowded. 
Overall though I would suggest you go there for some good food. Very tasty, and a great place to try some new drinks. But beware that it can be hit or miss at times.Love this place - great vegan and veg friendly options oh and not to mention, Cantillon Gueuze on tap RIGHT NOW.  For an appetizer try the white bean salad, vegetarian spring rolls (cherry compote so yummy), and for the main meal, try the vegetarian reuben, it was perfect.  Food has definitely improved here and the service was great!  Check out the drawings of Brugge right above the archway before the bathroom - local artist.We were both happy to see that our favorite Belgian beer was on the menu. Lindeman's Lambic Framboise flavor has got to be the best drink I have ever had. It is quite expensive too. One bottle costing around $16 dollars. But it is so good that whenever it is offered on a menu we never fail to order it. We returned on the 4th of July wanting something other than street food stands at the parade on Benjamin Franklin. The restaurant was busy but we were seated right away. The server was very nice and attentive and immediately took our order. 
We ordered a tomato and chevre cheese flatbread as an appetizer and the portabello mushroom sandwich and mussels and fries. After all, that is what the Belgians are famous for. The flatbread was quite literally a flat piece of bread sprinkled with cheese and tomatoes and drizzled with caramelized onions and balsamic vinaigrette. I didn't like it, nor did the Count. It was too sweet and the flavors did not blend properly. 
My mussels arrived next. A huge portion with a pot covering it to be used for the empty shells. It was served with a side of crispy fries. The broth was what ruined it. It was too salty to the point that I had to drain each shell before taking out the insides. Usually the broth is the best part made to dip your bread into after the mussels are gone. But not this broth. This broth tasted like liquid salt.
The sandwich we ordered oozed with oil. The bread was most likely fried in butter. Each bite was oily. After a few bites he gave up. He moved on to the side salad, at least that wasn't covered in oil. I expected this place to be a traditional Belgian Cafe serving authentic Belgian food. Besides the mussels and fries most other items on the menu were typical of most continental restaurants (ie. hamburgers, sandwiches and salads). The quality of the food was lower than I expected.
It seems to be a great place for drinks and snacks since they have a large variety of beers and good greasy snacks. But don't count on having an amazing dining experience. Go here for the beer not the food.How do you go from 4.5 stars to 1? Poison someone. 
I don't mean to be dramatic, but serving food to someone with an allergy or disease after you told them it was fine is not acceptable. What makes that worse? Raising your voice and saying "what do you want me to do about it?" And "you don't think I know what it's like?" Please fire Patrick, a manager??? immediately.Enjoyed our dinner and beers last night at this local pub. We went a little late so there was no wait and really no crowd other than at the bar. Plenty of beers to choose from here with a solid rotating draft list. Their bottle list is a couple pages long. Onto the food. I ordered the chicken sandwich with sautéed onions, mushroom, and goat cheese. Not bad overall! The chicken was a little over cooked and dry but the flavor was great. Also ordered the steak fries and really enjoyed them. They were practically quartered potatoes with salt and pepper. Very good. Service was ok. A little slow esp for how few people were there. We will go back for beers and food again. Eat it!Stopped by the other night for a quick bite. They have outdoor seating which was perfect for that night. My friend and I shared a mussels dish. He got a Tuna Cheesesteak and I got a Burger with Onions, Mushrooms and Goat Cheese. We both really enjoyed the food. Long beer list which is also a big plus! I'd definitely recommend.Main point: Let me get the one negative remark out of the way because there's nothing else faulty with this place: the bar seating is kind of awkward and gets a little a uncomfortable when it's crowded - but this situation isn't too different from any other popular bar.  Placing this aside, the restaurant area and outdoor seating in the summer quickly outweigh the bar atmosphere.  The draft selection is constantly rotating, and the bottle selection is enormous - no Busch here, bro.  Additionally, I can only speak for the vegetarian/vegan options, but the menu certainly caters to my type  with a stellar vegan meatloaf and vegan wings.  You can sure as hell find me here once a week.
In detail: I couldn't help but go into detail in the "main point," but there's so much to squeal about with the Belgian Cafe.  Starting with the beer selection, there's always about a dozen ready to pour.  The draft list is broken into a few Belgians (usually available in glass-size only and often pricey) and about eight additional drafts - always craft brews and many are from local micro sources.  The bartenders are always friendly and most importantly know their beer - they figure out what you want and make a solid suggestion.  The latter part of the list is offered in pints and glasses (12 oz. pours I assume), perfect for those who want to go a few rounds on some pretty heavy beer.  Crammed into multiple display cases and lined up in a way that hypnotizes the beer snob, the bottle selection is unreal.  Presented in a little red book, the available bottles come from all over the world - many conditioned in bombers for a hefty price.  Prepare to spend some cash here, because you can't help but try more than one beer and order something from the menu.  
In each of my reviews is an evaluation of the vegetarian/vegan factor.  There's places with meatless items, and then there's places with straight-up vegetarian/vegan dishes.  The Belgian Cafe is one of the joints with a menu designed not to alienate the veggies.  Favorite items of mine include the vegan barbeque wings, vegan mushroom and barley risotto (if you aren't vegan then add the cheese), and the vegan meatloaf - the only place I've seen this.  And the Belgian Cafe pomme frites can't go without mention.
Finally, the atmosphere.  On a busy night (and the Belgian has many of these) the bar room can get a little hectic.  Grab a seat at the bar if you can, because otherwise the options are wall-facing bar stools or standing in a large open space.  There is a cafe space which may require a long wait when it's packed, and there is also outdoor seating - my pick on a warm night.  The servers and bartenders, as mentioned previously, are exceptionally friendly and make the experience considering their knowledge of a special craft.
Things I've heard but haven't experienced: Brunch is on another level.  Again, vegetarian and vegan (I think) friendly, the options are stellar and even better when consumed at a sidewalk table in the summer.
To conclude, as a lover of all-things-Belgian, the Belgian Cafe is not only my favorite Fairmount bar/restaurant, but my favorite place in the city.  If you're looking for $1 draft specials of Coors and killer nachos, then keep walking.  (That's not at all beer snobbery or elitism - that's me trying to get the hell away from your type.  There's a TGI Friday's on the Parkway.)  I priced this place as "moderate" - $11-30 per person assuming that you're there for a few rounds and food.like everyone else i was pretty pump when i heard monk's was opening a sister site...then i went there...disappointed...so i tried it again...then again...i heard they change some things around so i went again...i know the whole song and dance fool me once shame on u.. fool me twice..blah blah... any way the food is way overpriced for what u get.. the burgers r average and tiny for the $...and i had tasted a few other sandwiches which were so unmemorable i can not recall what they were..the mussels are definately the biggest disappointment...everytime a companion or I has gotten them they r undercook w/ 3 or 4 not even opened...plus the portion is very small.. the sauce is unimpressive...i dont even care to dip bread in it......standard tap's mussles pimp slaps Bc's mussles all the way back to belgium...the wait staff is hit or miss the times i have been there .. only saving grace is a giant list of beersSo after walking/driving past this place a couple of times and it always looks busy. The food was decent and they had a very extensive beer list. But the service sucked! I would recommend this place but only if you have a lot of time for lunch and dinner..If you love to try different varieties of beer, you will enjoy their selections. I have to say I wish their menu would have more varieties like their beer. I only would come here for burgers and mussels. That is why I am giving it a 3 stars. I like varieties and the prices is quite high here so is really a place that I go for a treat.EDIT: I'm going to leave my initial review below but I've re-rated Belgian Cafe to 4 stars. The guys finally got their act together and this place is on par if not better than Monk's (due to the shorter wait and the fact that it's 3 blocks from my apartment). Unbelievable beer selection (LaChouffe Houblon is unreal) and the small mussels is an amazing bang for buck meal. I will keep coming back again and again and again!
I am blown away by all of the positive reviews for 'Belgian Cafe'. As much as I want it to be amazing, it just isn't. Ever since the original Monk's downtown has dropped the ball with the quality of their food I wasn't expecting too much.
Belgian Cafe does have an incredible selection of beer but the positive things stop there. Twice I've been for the mussels and received a bowl that maybe had 5 or 6 edible in there. The rest of them were either empty or closed. I've ordered the burger once and friends have also and every time it has been dry and tasteless.
Belgian Cafe is one place where I actually agree with a Craig LaBan review. They have a long way to come and maybe if the owners gave it some more attention, it could really brighten up the neighborhood.
UPDATE: I went to Belgian Cafe last week to have some beers while my friends ordered the food. The mussels that I tried and the burger was definitely on par to Monk's so hurrah! I will go back soon for a full meal and may consider changing my above review.I would've given this place 5 stars, but service was really slow for brunch. I had the vegan creamed chip beef and we got vegan beignets for the table. Both were delicious, but the beignets were to die for! Highly recommend!The Belgian Cafe definitely deserves more respect and props from my previous review.  On Sunday I treated my parents to a mid day lunch.  We splurged on numerous things from the menu.  Bosch Mussels, Pomme Frites, Chicken Salad, Smoked Turkey Cheese steak (Special), and I got the Eggs Benedict.
To start the Bosch mussels were simply amazing.  My parents were ranting and raving about some of the mussels they had in the past in New England but when they tasted these... words couldn't describe the expression on their faces on how much they liked it.  The Pomme Frites with their dipping sauces were tasty as always.  The salad was great and they always are.  The smoked turkey in the special was wonderful.  And finally, the Eggs Benedict which was on top of a Belgium waffle was d-d-delicious.  Normally I would of gotten a beer to go along but not this time.  However, if i had to make a recommendation I would try, "Petrus Aged Pale".  I tried this at Monks and I was stimulated and hooked.
Between the three of us and our splurge the bill was not bad at all.  My previous review said it was kinda pricey but I totally take that back.
7 Stars!This is our go to neighborhood spot. The beer list is phenomenal, the fries are heavenly, and the prices are reasonable. My only problem is, going as often as we do, I sometimes run out of options on the menu.Did the chicken finger batter change? Or was it because I was the first to order it off the dinner menu a few Friday's ago? I am hoping its the latter of the two as I was disappointed about the chicken to breading ratio. The breading was soggy and there was little to know chicken in my finger. I want to believe it was due to being early and this was the first batch of the night. If I came back around midnight they would've been just like I remembered... :)
Always great staff & beer selection however. Off to the Sixers game we went!With nearly 200 reviews here, why do you need mine?  People here have covered the vegan fare, and this place shows that vegan food can be offered among many meat dishes, pleasing everyone even when you are with a diverse group.  
While there is not a huge array of vegan, we can order straight off the menu and can't get to everything in one night, which is always a plus.  We were stuffed splitting the Korean BBQ seitan tacos, spring rolls with a cherry compote, and the wings with tasty creamy sauces, which my husband raved and raved about.  Next time I will try the Stuffed Tofu, filled with nuts and fruit.
He wished there were more actual Belgians on draft instead of just Belgian-style.  I am not as into Belgian beer and was happy with my Sierra Nevada rye ale.  
We have come for lunch but wish we could make the brunch sometime to try the vegan creamed dried beef on toast, something I never thought I'd be eating again.  It's so cool that they make savory comfort dishes with lots of flavor and spice.  
We had a long wait late on a Friday night which was expected, but the hostess remembered us and took care of us in the time quoted   Nice that the outdoor seating is non-smoking.  
Overall, it is a colorful, comfy space with two personalities, a bright front dining room and a wood paneled old-timey dark bar.  This is an easy walkable location to enjoy a late snack and drink after events at the Free Library or the art museum.  (Leave a half hour for parking however; no garages!)  Great library lecture recently by Tavis Smiley and Dr. Cornel West on their anti-poverty tour.  The library gets such good authors, especially on the topic of social justice (Amy Goodman, Peter Singer, Jonathan Safran Foer, and on and on).  Maybe Tavis and Dr. West can come to the poorest city in the country, Reading, PA.I'm not a big fan of the food but the beer selection is great. The Korean tacos were gross. When we asked for some sauce to salvage the taco they sent some habenero sauce that was waaaay toooo spicy. We also tried the smoked trout which got mixed reviews from the group.stopped by for late dinner after volleyball.  had their brower burger (a bit over done for my liking), but with sauteed onions, mushrooms and goat cheese...it tasted great.  and pomme frites that accompanied the burger were especially yummy with the aioli.Really great spot for drinks in Fairmount.  I met a friend there on a Saturday night around 8:30.  Bar space was hard to come by, but we eventually managed to grab two seats at the side bar.  Later on we were able to move to the main bar.  There was a great draft list with lots of variety.  The bottle list is really extensive.  I definitely have to go back for some mussels and fries.Not a fan. Frustrated by their draft beer choices and worse than mediocre food. Need to think twice before I visit here next time.We've dined here 4x the summer of 2014. It has become a favorite place for my 22 year old and I. A place where both generations dig the vibe of this place. Inside the walls are adorned with fresco paintings. The bar is wooden and reminiscent of Europe. The outside dining is protected from the elements and very comfortable.
They offer the standard Belgians and may more. The food is excellent. Service is very good. Try it. You won't be disappointed.What a Beer Menu. Awesome bottles . Couldn't be happier with the service and the room . Perfect . Perfect . Perfect .I dislike The Belgian Cafe as much as I dislike The Bishop's Collar. Another place for yuppies* to sit outside for 4 hours with their chairs on a funny angle in order to ogle passers-by more efficiently.
*Note: I, too, am a young urban professional and I live in Fairmount, so I somewhat identify with this demographic. This is just an observation.I was visiting the nearby Rodin Museum. It was a beautiful day, so my husband and I thought a nice cold beer and a nibble to eat would be perfect. We headed to the Belgian Café. A short walk from the Rodin, we arrived and saw there was outdoor seating available. Saturdays and Sundays they have a brunch menu. We had already had breakfast, so we looked over the burger menu. We saw the brie and jalapeno burger and decided to split it. Along with the burger we ordered a side or fries and a couple beers. The beer selections is long and distinguished. I'm by no means a beer snob, but I enjoy Belgians. I ordered a St. Bernardus and hubby orderedt a Belgian. I can't remember the name but it had hints of ancho chile's that you could taste on  the front of your tongue. Our burger arrived and they kindly cut it in half and put it on another plate. It.was.delicious. Spicy, but the creaminess of the brie balanced it out. You could also tell the burger was high quality meat. The fries are shoestring, my favorite and was served with a flavored mayo that had a kick. I added some to my burger. 
We ordered another round of drinks and wrapped up our visit here. I really enjoy the outdoor seating, beer selection, and food quality. I will definitely return if I'm in the neighborhood.Meh pretty much sums up my late lunch (2:30) experience at The Belgian Cafe.
On the up-side they have an extensive selection of European beers with a warning on top of the menu that basically says that some of these beers may be funky but don't expect to get your money back if you don't like it.
I started off with some frites and a Chimay red. The fries tasted like they were cooked earlier and left sitting under the heat lamp...limp and somewhat stale. I decided on the Magritte burger medium rare. The burger was cooked perfectly but lacked ANY seasoning...a little salt while cooking would have made the difference. The bun was a semi stale brioche type that encompassed the non-seasoned patty. The purple onion overpowered the small slice of tomato and Swiss. For dessert I had the fruit crisp. The server said that it would take 15 minutes to prepare and that got me excited expecting a made to order plate. My excitement diminished when I took a bite and realized that the dessert was prepared much earlier and had been in the refrigerator. The time was needed to re-heat...mine was stone cold in the center. I'm sure that if I had ordered a pot of mussels and a beer instead... my experience would have been better.My friends and I stumbled upon this place on Saturday afternoon and decided to go in for lunch. The restaurant decor was very artsy. Wasn't really my style but it was quirky and bright. We were seated immediately. I wasn't all that hungry so I simply got the mussels and tomato soup. The others got chicken and waffles, mussels in a pot, and a burger - and of course plenty of beer. I only tasted one beer but I think I finally found a beer I really like! Note to self: must research name of brand. The soup I got came out piping hot and it was very filling. It was seasoned well and tasted good. I quite enjoyed my meal. I also tasted the pomme frites and it was addictive. I wasn't hungry at all but I kept popping them in my mouth, they were so good! I tasted my friend's mussels and while it wasn't the best I ever had, it was still pretty darn tasty. The atmosphere was a bit loud but it's only because there was a large group there for a convention or something. The service was friendly and fast. I would definitely come back.new fav. bar...the best mussel bisque with a good vibe and atmosphereSecond time having brunch here and the food was excellent again. Had their scrambled eggs special with a potato leek hash. The eggs were cooked perfectly! Will definitely keep visiting.Pretty good! They had Monk's cafe fries (don't know if that means they're actually the same ones or if they just give them that name...). The fries were ok, a little soft for me. I prefer thicker and crispier. 
The mussels were great.... But to be honest, the best part of the whole meal was their house made smoked ketchup! Definitely request itFood A- 
Similar menu to monks downtown. I had the monks mussels and apple and cheese salad. The mussels come with their frites and spicy aioli which was really yummy. The broth was really good. The salad was fine, but I was expecting a larger, more filling size. This is definitely side salad level. 
Huge selection of beers in bottles and on tap for reasonable prices. I like that you can chose the size from glass to pint. Knowledgable waitstaff. 
Ambience B+
Toned down from the gastropubs downtown but can still be loud at times. Lots of seating so didn't have to wait for a seat on Friday night. 
Service A-
Friendly waitstaff. I forgot my ID and had to go back to my car to get it and the waitstaff were so apologetic even though it wasn't their fault.The food was good but not great although they had a great beer selection. No complaints on the service. 
Overall there is nothing to complain about... However I did not love it.Great Pub, great food and great vegan options but if you go there a lot like me I wish they had more choices in vegan food.Where to begin, where to begin. Well, this is tricky - I've been here four times and I've always been satisfied with my meal. This uni-star rating is more or less the arithmetic average of those four dining experiences, skewed low due to the story about which I shall now regale you.
Myself and six friends just came from a July 4th BBQ yet we were still completely famished. When we walked in and told the hostess the number of guests in our party, she rolled her eyes, chuckled sarcastically, and shook her head. Looks like we're going to have to sit at the bar.
Aaron O, one of the guests in our party, worked his magic (slipped her a $20?, showed her his love sausage?) and we were somehow seated  immediately. Then we played the waiting game. Five minutes goes by and we're engaged in delightful banter. Ten minutes pass, and I notice my comrades check their watches. At the fifteen minute mark, The loud drunk girl in our group gets ornery.
After about 19 minutes, a waitress strolls over, completely unapologetic about the wait time and, in a quiet mumble, asks us if we're ready for our drink order. I reminded her that first we'd require menus, along with the standard complimentary glass of water.
We eventually got around to placing our order: mussels, burgers, garlic sausage, chicken fingers, blah blah blah.
I had never tried their mussels but had heard they were on par with Monk's. When they finally arrived, I was quite underwhelmed. Small and overcooked, in what tasted like briny dishwater and served with only one piece of bread. Let me repeat that - ONE piece of bread. For seven people.
My compatriots exclaimed that their meals were equally disappointing, from the overly greasy chicken fingers, to the gamy sausage, to the "kill-it-with-fire-til-it-looks-like-a-lump-of-coal" overcooked hamburger. No condiment option besides flavored mayo ("aoli" as it is marketed) and what tasted like a blend of ketchup and cigarette butts. Soviet Russia had it better.
The meal was so stress-inducing, I needed to leave the table to go outside for a xanax-cigarette cocktail but I couldn't even get passed the multitude of smug, self-important couples conversing near (read blocking) the front entrance. Excuse me? Nothing. Err...pardon me, please. Still nothing. I had to pry them apart with my arms like I was  opening a rusty barn door with a crowbar.
But that's when Ashton Kutcher came out from behind the bar and said, "Eric, old buddy, you got punk'd!!!" Then I laughed and we bumped chests.
Wait, that didn't happen at all. We just settled out tab and left in a huff. Still felt like we got punk'd.I was given a gift certificate for this place so my wife and I stopped in after seeing the new exhibits at the Franklin Institute. It was a nice day but we sat inside as the outside tables were full.
We found our waiter to be satisfactory, he stopped by occasionally, not especially engaging, but hey, we arent there to make new friends with them, better aloof than Outback where the wait staff practically sits on your lap.
The Van Eyke mussels were excellent as well as the Monk burger I had. Tap selection is extensive. They also have hundreds of bottles to choose from. I often wonder how they all keep the less popular bottles from expiring past the freshness date. We will be back if in the area again.Yum yum yum! This has become my go-to spot since I moved into Fairmount. I've not yet had a bad experience here. The wait staff is fantastic, and even my doggie appreciated the bowl of water he was given after a long, hot day of moving in. The mussels and burgers are great (and not overpriced) and the extensive beer selection is even better! I shall be returning here over and over again.Flies, flies, flies, and more flies.  I ate there and there were at least fifty flies (both tiny fruit flies and big black flies) all over the windows.  You were continually dive-bombed by them throughout the meal.  I spent the entire time with my hand over my beer to keep them out, but still ended up with one doing the backstroke in my ale.
It can be a nice place, but if the dining room is infested I'm sure the kitchen is as well.  I will never eat (or drink) there again.It can be hard to find a place to eat with my roommate since she is vegan and I am quite the carnivore, but lately we have been finding places that cater handsomely to both domains and The Belgian Cafe is no exception. 
They had a friendly number of vegan-friendly dishes including seitan wings, seitan sandwiches, and tempura. I was really impressed with those options and even sampled some off my friend's plate and they were really savory and just as good as their meaty counterparts. 
I ordered a burger and always do. I stick to Bruegel as I am not too adventurous. It is just the typical bacon burger but damn it is good! I also like to get Endive/Artichoke Hash when I come at brunch time. They're redolent of potato latkes and equally delicious. 
Dessert: excellent, excellent chocolate moose and donuts to boot! 
The mood and decor is really friendly and comfortable. The service is quick and helpful. The menu adds a special or two unique to each day of the week and the price is not too bad.
The only beef I had is with the pommes frites. I am not a fan of thinly-cut fries and was upset to not see an option for home fries or steak fries; after all, the menu is very burger friendly and I found myself a bit remiss without a healthy portion of fries alongside my burger.Amazing beer selection. I have a trip coming up to Iceland so I tried their Icelandic beer which was delicious! We ordered the fries and the sauces they came with were great. I had the mac & cheese as my entree because I wasn't too hungry and it's definitely one of the best mac & cheeses i've had in the city so far! SO good. I would come back just for the Mac!Come here for beer! They have a glorious array of wonderful beer on tap for great prices. The food is quite pricey in my opinion - expect to spend at least $15-25 for a meal. That being said, they do make a delicious burger. The outdoor seating is great too. Really peaceful location with good people watching.I come here for the beer and the vegan food... in that order. The stuffed tofu appetizer is amazing. Nice and salty. The vegan burger is delicious and let's not forget the seitan wings appetizer! To die for! I frequent this place often, although, getting a table can be tricky on weekend evenings. It's usually not a very long wait, though. The outside seating is excellent in the summer. This place rocks. Oh, and I even left my wallet here once and they returned it to me! How awesome is that?So we ventured there on one random Sunday afternoon, reluctantly tearing ourselves away from our beloved St. Stephens Greene, in search of some perfect mussels.  
Upon our arrival, we were immediately put off by the fact that the bartender was seated at the bar, with her friends.  She continued to sit there until we made it obvious that we were no longer patient.  She handed us menus and proceeded to the other end of the bar, where her friends were seated.  She continued ignoring us.  We finally ordered beers, but with the lackluster, unenthusiastic service, we no longer excited to eat mussels and wanted to leave asap.  I believe the food is OK, but I will not spend money at a place where I feel as though I'm bothering someone by patronizing their establishmentI had the Herge Mussels that comes with Pomme Fries and mayo sauce. Also had a bite of the Grilled Andouille Po Boy. The mussels was subtle for my liking, the flavor is there but barely. The soupy sauce wasn't thick enough, could use some starch to thicken the sauce so that it sticks to the mussels for better flavoring. Because the sauce wasn't absorbed into the mussels it just tasted like boiled mussels instead. The Pomme fries was good with the mayo sauce, a little on the salty side. And the Grilled Andouille Po Boy was a fancy way of making a spicy sausage that I can get from a food truck on the streets, wasn't bad... but just pricey.Great beer, super food. Too bad the service was rude, lackadaisical and indifferent. Server wouldn't let us sit at adjacent tables because they were in different sections and was against rules - really!I went on a mission to sample a cornucopia of the finest beer selections from across the world, a.k.a. to tie one on, but my palate, and my heart, were captured by the very first beer I tried. There is an utterly delightful selection of Weyerbacher beers on tap right now ($6). Merry Monks was the breadwinner in this person's opinion. It is a smooth, golden tripel with a fruity aroma (banana, apricot perhaps) and a smooth finish, so smooth it goes down like Gatorade on a hot day. Also from Weyerbacher they have something they liken to "a hefe weize on acid"!?! Remarkable.
The Pomme Fries are always a favorite. Just typing this makes me want to whip up a batch of bourbon mayonnaise and grab a spoon. Their burgers are awesome though I'm partial to the Monk's burger with caramelized leeks and bleu cheese. The Herge mussels are mixed with I think their flemish ale, jalapeno, orange, butter and some other jazz... Brunch - gotta try the Bloody Mary mussels. The Croque Madame is a kickin open-faced sandwich with sunnyside up eggs, gruyere and lancaster ham. Perfect way to start the day. I plan on making the Belgian Cafe my second home, maybe settle down there and raise some kidsI was never a huge burger person...until I moved down the street from Belgian!! I will always have a soft spot in my heart for this place because this is where I fell in love with burgers!! Never disappointing either! (  Great aoli too )
Service is always spot on! I came here for my friends birthday and we probably had a party of 15 people, even with that many people the service and food were great! If you don't live near Fairmount, its worth the trip!Okay...so my disclaimer is that I only came here once during my Philly trip.
I ordered the salmon burger, which was decent. My dish came with salad and sweet potato fries. I was pretty excited about the fries, except for the fact that they were on the fatter side and a bit soggy. I like mine thin and crispy. 
Impressed with the beer list and the beers that were ordered come in big bottles (two regular pub glasses worth). 
Interior: There's a difference in feel between the bar area and the dining area. Bar area seems dark and damp. The dining area is dimly lit, cleaner feeling. 
Crowd: Visited on early Friday night. Not crowded. A few families were there with their kiddies. Bar crowd perhaps up to early to mid thirties.I love the mussels here. They are cooked and seasoned in just the right way.  It is really a deal for under $10.  Especially since they are served with delicious fresh cut fries and homemade aoli for dipping.  Also, the cafe has a great beer selection on tap which change regularly.
Beers + Mussels = Perfect Combo  
With that said the is wonderful, but the service is not that great.  i came in looking for a hostess to get a table outside and could not find anyone actually working.  They were too busy chowing down on food to do their job.  I had to get a manager to seat us.  Then our server took forever to notice the table. After bringing the food out she disappeared.  We had to go into the restaurant to ask for her check after waiting 20 minutes.  The restaurant was empty inside, so it is not like she was busy.  Maybe next time we will get a better server and I will change my mind...Go on a random day at a random time and it is a great place to eat well and drink great beer.  Go on a Friday or Saturday evening and it might be a little tough to get a table.  But always enjoy the beer selection.  There is something for everyone.Went here recently for lunch and had some good food! We sat outside, which was nice. I got the seitan buffalo wings, which were AMAZING. Very impressed with those and would definitely recommend them to fellow non-meat eaters. The Monk's mussels were just okay- the mussels themselves were good and the portion was huge, but the garlic-parsley sauce was really watery. 
Service was slow, but the waitress was friendly. I'll be back.Enjoyed our dinner and beers last night at this local pub. We went a little late so there was no wait and really no crowd other than at the bar. Plenty of beers to choose from here with a solid rotating draft list. Their bottle list is a couple pages long. Onto the food. I ordered the chicken sandwich with sautéed onions, mushroom, and goat cheese. Not bad overall! The chicken was a little over cooked and dry but the flavor was great. Also ordered the steak fries and really enjoyed them. They were practically quartered potatoes with salt and pepper. Very good. Service was ok. A little slow esp for how few people were there. We will go back for beers and food again. Eat it!Despite Schuyler L.'s run-in with soggy French Toast at brunch, I still enjoy this place.
A few friends took me out for a belated-birthday drink. As usual, I had to request the Monk's Flemish Sour Ale which I now have several other friends veritably addicted to. It's sweet and refreshing with a hint of tang. I also tried the Young's Chocolate Stout which was delicious - rich, velvety, great foamy head. Essentially, it's dessert in a beer. The can also contains this thing called a "widget" which releases nitrogen once you pop the top to simulate what would happen if it were on tap. It blends the stout into creamy goodness so don't be alarmed by something rolling around at the bottom of your can.
I tried to Reuben sandwich which was surprisingly delicious for how little meat I eat. Tender corned beef, gooey swiss cheese, and crisp buttery bread. Of course, there were fries as well with a generous portion of their dipping sauce. We also shared an item off of the dessert menu, but I can't recall the name. Basically, they're awesome cinnamon-sugared doughnuts. They come with a caramel dipping sauce, but I found it too rich for my blood. The doughnuts are warm and made of a dense cake that crumbles in your mouth. It puts anything you'd get at Dunkin' Donuts to shame by a lot. 
All in all, another fantastic evening!I really, REALLY want to like this place and be able to rayelp(rave-yelp) about it. This is a perfect place for me to love - outside seating, near my place, belgian beer, and mussels.. Really, I could have been blinded about the whole congregation of live and dead fly problems that everyone seems to be talking about.
BUT they check ID's at the door. Normally I wouldn't mind this but you need to be 21 to eat here? WTF? I brought my sister for lunch and I wasn't even thinking about drinking - which is pretty rare, I admit. However, the hostess said you had to be 21 to enter. I get it. It's your rule, I'm not going to try to break it. However, the more and more I think about it, I get even more pissed off. Why can't you just card at the table if WE HAPPENED TO ORDER ALCOHOL? 
I still can't believe I was turned down to eat lunch at this place. I'm never going back.I would never go out of my way to eat here, but for a neighborhood staple, it's pretty good. The patio is cute and cozy, which is the main reason I like it here, and the beer selection is good. The veggie burgers aren't homemade, the service is just okay (we had a really strange experience with our waitress the first night here... it's a long story, but she definitely seemed like she could be high), and the food in general is a little meh. I've heard from lots of people that it's best to just stick to the mussels & frites, which I will probably do from now on. There's much better places in the city to get vegetarian/vegan fare.