I am not known for favorable restaurant reviews.  Most of them below my radar.
The Love is different.  
  We had a Father's Day lunch that was exceptional.
There is little left off the menu and we were hard pressed to make a choice from the wonderful selections listed.  Our waiter was professional and accommodating.  Lovely atmosphere, light and bright.  I was amazed that the inside of my omelet was HOT. A little surprise thrown in with my Potatos..........roasted peppers, and onions.
Greens on every plate. Mine had warm spinach salad as well. My husband had the Belgium waffles made with corn meal and garnished with Blueberry butter.  They use our favorite La Columbe coffee.
Nothing left to wish for.This is an excellent restaurant, and an excellent addition to the neighborhood around Rittenhouse. We dined here last night, and were very happy. The ambiance and interior design are top notch. It's very impressive how the space has been transformed from the previous tenant. The food was outstanding, which is unsurprising considering the chef's pedigree. We had two lovely cocktails and a whole fish that was perfectly cooked along with a terrific short rib play on stroganoff. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is that those cocktails and two entrees ended up costing $140. The Love is really good, but it's also surprisingly expensive. Entrees are priced in the $30-$40 range and appetizers and pastas are not far behind. The Love bills itself as a neighborhood restaurant, and it would be, perhaps, the platonic ideal of that if the prices dropped by a third. As is, it's as expensive as any non-tasting menu restaurant in Philly. Is that worth it when you can eat for less up the block at Vernick, etc? I'm not totally sure. I'll definitely be back, and I hope the menu prices find an equilibrium with the awesome vibe and food--I'd love to make it a real regular haunt.I recently took my Father to The Love to celebrate his birthday and Father's Day! When I made my reservation, I made a note of those celebrations and upon being greeted by the hostess that was the first thing they addressed with my sweet Papa! 
The ambience is really hip, and it's a fairly intimate setting. We were seated in their booth style cushioned seats which was very comfortable. I am a booth girl all the way!
I ordered he shrimp and grits with baby buttermilk biscuits and my Dad ordered the catfish and hush puppies in his true southern style. Can we talk about those biscuits?! So delicious. Words cannot express why I ate 5 of them in one sitting. The shrimp and grits were great, and that's coming from someone who NEVER eats grits. My Dad was less impressed with the catfish and hush puppies, but that's coming from someone who was born and raised in the South. I tried the hush puppies as well and they paled in comparison to the biscuits. 
Our server was very sweet and fairly attentive given the packed restaurant. For the total experience I would return. If I want truly amazing southern food (despite their menu) I would go elsewhere.Farm to table done right! Glad Dandelion was packed so we discovered this. The food was very flavorful, the fresh ingredients really popped. We had Saturday brunch, will definitely return to try the regular menu.This is a great new addition to the Philadelphia restaurant scene! The Brussels sprouts were perfect! We had a delicious special of the day which was this Asian tofu dish! There is a sommelier on staff and they've got caught an exhaustive list of wines and other alcohol. This is a perfect place for a fancy date or special occasion and it's perfect located in the heart of center city!Snooty, noisy and expensive. Food is ok and location is good but the staff are snobs ( hard to fathom why ) and the acoustics make for uncomfortable l veld of noise.
Not with it.The ambiance is definitely the best part of the restaurant.  It's a very social, but intimate vibe, with an excellent drink menu.  The cocktails are a bit sweet for my taste.  The tables are a little too close together for my taste, but there's a nice buzz to the restaurant.  The food was good.  It wasn't stellar.  And at that price, especially in Philadelphia (where there are really amazing restaurants), it should be better.  The brussell sprouts are heavy and delicious.  The salmon tartare left much to be desired.  The salmon latke dish was good, but there was nothing interesting about it.  Ultimately, it was a good date spot, but nothing to write home aboutI cannot say enough good about The Love. You feel the love. The food is delicious and well presented. Our server Sophie was a delight. This was our second visit and we will return. I recommend the crudités, fried chicken (a must), ravioli and whatever dessert they are offering,Overall great experience, vibe, location and atmosphere. 
Great service and food
Bread should be included - not extra
Poke was very good - but should be tuna. 
Cheese plate was great
Fried chicken - very good- but not the best I've ever had, moist and delicious though, jalapeno grits tasty, collard greens very good
Strogranoff was good- meet a little dry, could have been a little more flavorful
Overall deserts were a let down- mousse was ok, cookie tray average- only saving grace was the caramel/toffee, carrot cake sunday- meh. 
Lastly - everytime they brought a course they gave the plates and drinks to the wrong person- I'm sure this will improve with time
Wine list decent - but way over priced.
We will return- and I'm sure some of these things will improve.My boyfriend and I tried The Love for the first time Saturday evening of Memorial Day Weekend. The city is usually pretty empty on holiday weekends - but Love was still packed. Nothing on the menu really spoke to me as something I just had to have, but he had really been wanting to try this place. I"m glad I listened! We started with the duck salad - fantastic! We had the lobster spaghetti and the crab pasta special as entrees - both good but the lobster spaghetti was the winner. We also finished with a cheese plate and the cookie tray - I was skeptical that a cheese plate could be $20 good, but it absolutely was! Definitely a pricier dinner - but all high quality ingredients and worth the money. Good service as well - paced the different courses well and check on us just enough. Will definitely be back!Our server was wonderful! she was attentive, sweet, knowledgeable of the food and its preparations. This place operates like clockwork.  The host was welcoming and the support staff was attentive and aware what was going on around them.  Staff gets a 5 star or (Starr)..lol
Now lets talk about the food. First off, our meals were not bad. They were average.  They did however, lack flavor.  It might sound strange to say this, but our food and the space lacked identity. I feel like all Starr restaurants are known to have an identity and the food reflects that identity. This was definitely a weak point. This place was "good" but not what I assumed a Starr restaurant would be about.  We did attend there brunch a few time and thought it was very good, our meals at dinner were uneventful and a little  disappointing.First of all the interior is nice, really intimate. If you get a chance check out the upstairs lounge that overlooks the street!
SO, to the food... We started with the Poke. I thought it was pretty good, a lot of interesting textures and bites but a little to acidic. The hazelnut and ricotta ravioli though blew my socks off. Only came with 5-6 of them but they were fantastic and rich.
For an entree we shared the Salmon with artichokes, and potatoes. Though I heard the Fried chicken is a marquee item, I felt in the mood for something slightly healthier. The broth served underneath the salmon was delicious and the salmon itself was cooked to perfection. I wish it came with crostini's or something to soak up that tasty garlic-clam broth!
Definitely need to come back and try new dishes AND for brunch. The ricotta ravioli and Salmon are 'must-gets'.Very much enjoyed a business lunch at The Love. The hush puppies and biscuits with their respective spreads were especially tasty, and, after consulting with our server, I was very happy with the burger, which was served a perfect medium on a potato bun that stayed together even though the burger was juicy and included a "special sauce" (aioli). The kale risotto looked terrific, too. Would definitely return for lunch!Finally made it here on an empty stomach and wasn't disappointed! 
I ordered the Parker house rolls (the bread was just okay but the chive butter was insane), torched broccoli (literally broccoli w hot sauce so felt odd for $8 but was tasty), and the pappardelle with brisket (amazing). 
Overall I left stuffed and pretty pleased with the quality of food. My wallet wasn't as ecstatic but eh, whatever.Fantastic! Attended opening night with a group of five ready to eat and drink. We were not disappointed. Will definitely be back.Very pretty restaurant. Great drinks. Went for brunch. Had fruit plate, omelette, lox plate and lemon poppyseed pancakes. Everything was well prepared. Pancakes were the best overall, omelette was good but last on this list. Very solid brunch option.I tried this place for the first time recently for my fiancées birthday .. We both liked it very much .. The place was very nice .. The food was fantastic .. We started with the duck salad and rolls, the duck was cooked perfectly, the butter that came with the rolls was tasty ..  For the main courses I tried the short rib stroganoff which is really a must try, and my fiancée had the veal lasagna .. Both were amazing and the meat was cooked very well .. For the dessert we had the salted chocolate slice and the pucker up citrus .. Both very good .. I highly recommend the place, especially for dates and would definitely go back there again ..The Love is a perfect example of what two people can do. Aimee Olexy of Talula's Garden fame and Stephen Starr pair up to bring us this amazing new edition to the regions culinary scene. 
The decor is minimal yet cozy highlighted by the arched brickwork in the ceiling. The cocktails are lovingly prepared. I highly recommend the $20.00 Manhattan. A custom made over proofed rye made specifically for The Love is the standout ingredient in this perfect Manhattan. 
The food, not surprisingly, is well executed and was absolutely delicious. I enjoyed every bite of my Farmers Salad, Roasted Brussels Sprouts, and my Acorn Squash with red sauce and burrata. We finished off the evening with the Chocolate Slice and the Cookie Plate which paired very well with my glass of vintage port. I loved The Love!Lovely setting. Gorgeous really!  Great drinks. 
$32 for 4 scallops on a puddle of red cabbage.  Not worth it. 
SO LOUD YOU WANT to RUN SCREAMING FROM THE PLACE!!!!
Waitress was Victoria. She was fantastic. 
Perhaps better at lunch or in summer with open windows?Great vegetarian entrees. Definitely recommend the crudité appetizer. Warm aesthetic.I had the short rib and had a taste of the sautéed scallops from my wife's dish along with sharing the cheese platter. It was deliciousLove-ly food and attentive service. I had a strawberry puree cocktail, which was very refreshing, a fried duck leg with a cabbage salad and charred peaches, which was utterly good, a risotto (Pecorino cheese, black kale, Meyer Lemon rind, and fried kale - delicious, albeit too salty due to a generous helping of Pecorino, but still... and the consistency was perfect, and, for dessert, a single serving cast iron pie (sour cream batter with sweet plum) and a scoop of ginger honey ice cream - a very nice chaud-froid ending for the meal.I stopped by for a last minute Sunday brunch not expecting The Love to go beyond my expectations. The interior is clean and inviting and the staff are friendly and helpful. We ordered a number of side dishes, the burger, and some eggs and they all came out great. If you're looking for true southern food, I wouldn't say this is it, but I still found their menu appetizing and delicious. I would recommend this and will be returning.Aesthetically beautiful, delicious and tasteful in many ways. The place exudes class and good taste - and things that taste good. i'm a fan.I went to this restaurant recently for a date. It was certainly a great date spot- cozy and romantic. The food was very fresh and seasonal items were highlighted in the menu. We bought a "can" of wine to split between the two of us which was unique and different. The quality of that too was very good. However the menu was limited for vegetarians though the restaurant really tried to accommodate. I had the kale risotto which was very filling. My date (who is also vegetarian) had a tofu steak. Th tofu steak was very well done, of good consistency, and had barbecue sauce. I wasn't a fan of the barbecue sauce because it think it could be better nightlights with an Asian or Mexican style Barbeque sauce. We also had the torched broccoli and crudités platter and rolls with chive butter for appetizers. All these were good though I expected the crudités to be pickled and they we're not. The reason I gave this a three star is because I think the menu while innovative had hit or miss items. I look forward to seeing the change the menu up in the future.Wonderful atmosphere, friendly staff, and a delicious menu make The Love a top Center City pick. 
The warm and slightly salty Parker House rolls, delicious pasta second course as a savory starter, followed by the entrees. Tasty. If you are a fan of grits and collard greens, don't miss 'em. They are excellent. Dessert was green tea sorbet that was light and a happy ending to the meal.We didn't really feel the love here. First off, we were greeted by an unenthusiastic waitress who was very cold and short with all of us. We started off by ordering 3 apps: the pierogies, crispy duck salad and cheese board. All of these items were delicious, however the portions of the cheese were completely underwhelming. Four people were suppose to share the cheese board. While the presentation was cute with the mouse shaped goat cheese, the portions of the individual cheeses seemed as if they were fit for a mouse! Each person basically got a crumb of cheese to taste. Moving on to the entrees, two of us ordered the scallops, one person ordered the lamb and another ordered the beef stroganoff. The scallops were good, but the best dish was the beef. We have dined all over the city and the country. The aspect about The Love that left us with the poorest taste in our mouth was the fact that this place charges $1 per person for water (still or sparkling). Mind you, it's not bottled still or sparkling, it's super filtered Philadelphia water. To top it off, there is no complimentary bread or rolls served. You must pay $5 for the Parker house rolls with chive butter, which, in my opinion, were not worthy of the price tag. Overall, the food was good, not great and we do not plan to recommend or return. At $200 per couple, these ancillary charges made us feel as though we were being nickeled and dimed.I really enjoyed my meal here. The pierogi were wonderful. I loved the scallops with the tangerine butter. I'm very picky about scallops and these were perfect. Service was friendly from greeting to table, however, it was very slow and I waited a long time for drinks to be refreshed, etc. All in all, I'd return in a heartbeat.Absolutely loved this place! I came here for brunch with 2 girlfriends before going wedding dress shopping and it was a great start to the day! It's an upscale yet relaxed vibe. All three of us got the Lox Board and it was so delicious! The service was great and we were not rushed at all even though it was a very busy Sunday. I would recommend making reservations in advance. Can't wait to visit Philly again and come back here!!Overall I would classify the love as more of "like". Love is a strong word and I had high hopes for the dinner. Our service was very slow. Took them 45mins to get our cocktails, granted when they finally did they realized they were giving subpar service and comped the drinks. So kudos for doing something right. The lobster pasta was mediocre at best, somewhat fishy and expensive for a tiny portion. The trout was delicious and the lamb dishes were decent, but nothing amazing. I wouldn't rush back. Talula's is amazing along with so many other Steven Starr spots, this one unfortunately did not impress me.Ate here last night and boy was it good! The staff was great, very informative and knowledgeable of the menu. I had the seasonal chicken- it's buttermilk fried chicken and it was served with grits and collards. Having lived in the south, I have a very strong opinion about grits, chicken, and collards and what I was served at The Love is some of the best I've ever had. My mom got the salmon poke and she said it was amazing as well. 
The decor is also great, the cork ceilings absorb some of the noise and it feels very cozy yet chic. 
Only reason it's missing a star is because the dessert menu was a little meh - as someone who's lactose intolerant I couldn't eat 3/5 of what was on the menu.This was an aptly named place to celebrate our anniversary. We figured it was hard to go wrong with a Steven Starr/Aimee Olexy pairing and we weren't let down. We started with cocktails that were on point...my bourbon based one was particularly good and I was grateful for the server's recommendation. We started with the cheese plate- easily the best we've had- and making a mouse out of the goat cheese was a whimsical touch. Next we shared the duck salad- I was less than excited, because I didn't think I liked duck, but I was wrong. It was really good and was confit-prepared. I had the whole, smoked trout and the fish was enormous; I couldn't finish it all. It was served with a maple-flavored farro...cut with something I can't recall that made it sweet and sour. It was a nice compliment to the smokey fish. Hubs had the filet with blue cheese sauce. Delicious, but a rather small cut for $40...and the only reason this isn't a 5-star review. We skipped dessert and coffee out of sheer fullness. All in all, a really nice place to spend our 24th anniversary.This place is definitely a hit! First time here and it was absolutely amazing, the staff was very welcoming. Our server Nick T. was super helpful, patient and funny. Veggie tray with the green goddess dip was soooo delicious! My entree was the Lobster Spaghetti which was to die for! I'll definitely be back, very soon!Unbelievably slow service. I arrived at 8pm on a Monday night for a table for one outside. It took 10-15 minutes to get a glass of wine, and over 5 minutes to bring the dessert menu from just inside the door and another 15 minutes to pay. Took almost an hour total for one glass of wine and a single entree. The Spring Ravioli was tasty, though small. I've loved all of Starr's restaurants but will likely pass on this one in the future. Just not the type of service I'm used to from his establishments.Great service, food, drinks, and space. I'd love to come back.Outstanding! Went two days after the opening, and everything was truly delicious. The service was wonderful (especially for only being open for 2 days), and the food was even better. Will definitely be back!Every single thing was delicious! If you cannot decide what to get you can't go wrong with the whole fish or short rib stroganoff. Can't wait to eat here again.Must I say it? I guess I do..... I loved The Love. Every moment was just fantastic. We put in our reservation almost three weeks before dinner and only got a 8pm sitting. We got a very nice quiet table in the back of the restaurant were we ordered drinks and appetizers. 
Starting with the $20 Manhattan and a small orange cocktail both just amazing we moved onto the park house rolls, special of the night curry mussels and the butternut squash ravioli. All just amazing! The butternut squash ravioli was just to die for. 
The service was spot on with an fantastic waiter and staff that always showed up at the right time.
Our main courses were just as good and I won't bother going into detail apart from this. My girlfriend order a salmon dish that was the special of the night and we both know what we like. We will eat 99.9% of anything put in front of us. However, tonight was the .1% we both can't stand dill and did not even think to ask if the salmon had dill on it. Well it was covered in dill. I mean dill from back fin to snout. She took one bite and could not take another. I said "it can't have that much dill" and took my own bite. The salmon was like butter and the beets just perfect. But, it was dill city baby with the next stop being the dill express. I couldn't do it. As good as the salmon was I could not get past the dill. That said, this was not on the restaurant, it was just not our thing. We have never sent anything back before but, with some embarrassment about ordering something we both could not stand our waiter was just great and before we could even say we did not like it he picked the salmon dish up took her order for the scallops and they did not even charge us for he salmon. It was so very nice of them and even if they had charged us for the salmon I would not of been upset because we did order it and there was nothing wrong with the dish itself the dish was just not in our taste. Yet, the short rib beef stroganoff and the scallops were spot on and I would recommend them to anyone.
To close it up, dessert was to die for and the carrots cake Sunday was just so damn good.
Give this place a try and don't forget to get a reservation way in advance.The Love has been on my list since I first heard about it (before it was even built!) and I finally had the opportunity to go with some out of town friends. They were late so the hostess refrained from seating just me which is fair but then the third was stuck parking and then they were nice enough to seat the rest of us to get started (we were running late for a show). The decor was also super cute!
Service was lovely, the waitress was just attentive enough but not hovering and she was very conscious of our time crunch! Which wasn't even her fault so I really appreciated that! 
Now on to the food:
Fried chicken: well seasoned but a bit dry, bud & marilyns may have the win on this dish.
French Fries: Thicker cut and seasoned very nicely, we enjoyed them!
Steak with tomato salad: the steak was super yummy, seasoned but not overwhelming. The tomato salad was eh, a bit bland and the tomatoes weren't tasty enough to carry themselves.
Overall I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't in love (sorry, had to). For the price I just was left underwhelmed.Nice atmosphere and our server was great, but very disappointed in the food. Overall, despite pretty presentation, flavoring or the caliber of the ingredients was off in each dish. Had the bread, pumpkin soup, duck salad (the duck itself was cooked well but under-seasoned and the sweetness of the dressing overwhelmed it) ricotta ravioli, gnudi, veal lasagna and carrot cake sundae. 
Pastas were fine, inventive to an extent but could do way better at other Italian places.Just came back from The Love feeling complete and undeniable LOVE to this place.
AMBIANCE: a bit noisy but we still could hear each other and felt cozy and comfortable.
SERVICE: was very friendly, attentive accommodating and professional from everybody we interacted with.
FOOD: was amazingly tasty, very healthy way prepared, beautifully presented and very well portioned (meaning not too big portions but not too small to feel inadequate to the price either). Had: Carrot salad, Poke, Ravioli, Gnudi and Cheese board for desert + 4 wonderful drinks. 
VALUE: was very good for the pleasure received.
Very glad we've discovered this place and definitely will be back.Came here for brunch - had an omlette ($19 + tax and tip = $26). Food was wayyyyyyy over-salted, and way overpriced. Atmosphere is nice and service was good; I've heard it's better for dinner, but for the price / portion size, probably wouldn't check it out.Great new addition to the city. Ambiance was warm and romantic, staff was great (shout out to Nick T.) he was very friendly and make our first experience here a great one, and food was so yummy! Veggie platter to share was a hit, green goddess dipping sauce is so fresh and full of flavor. Salmon was my entree and it was seasoned perfectly-loved the crispy skin. Cracker Jack Sundae was the best way to wrap it up.Pricey; but the brunch was well executed 
Lox platter was very good as was the waffleGreat food in a lovely atmosphere. Cocktails and appetizers were on point - crudite dressing was special and the poke was fresh and delicious. The whole trout, tofu, and fish curry entrees were all excellent.  Not sure why people were complaining about service, our server was excellent and prompt.  Only minor drawback was that although ceiling was corked, the room became quite loud at times - acoustics could be improved further.  Would come again and bring others for a special occasion.Really really good foods.  We enjoyed all of our courses: duck salad, pierogies, smoked trout, lobster spaghetti, and Cracker Jax sundae.  The pierogies with caviar was exceptional.  The trout was big and smoky and very moist.  The sundae was like eating a childhood treat.  As expected the price was a little high and we had to pay for water but despite that will come back for more.I wish we could give half stars if so this would be a 3.5.
I went with a friend for dinner early on black Friday. 
Dollar water - The waitress first presents you with their "special" filtered water which costs $1 per person. They make it feel as though its the only option if you want water and so we, confused, accepted only to find out later (and only because we asked) that regular tap water is available. I'm not sure why but i was really irritated right off the bat with feeling obligated to pay extra for water. It was just water. And it was only $1 I should get over it, but somehow I felt scammed. If you go here don't fall for it!
Decor/Service - Generally the decor was warm and nice. Comforting. We had a booth which was spacious for 2. It wasn't too loud. Service was good, maybe a little too much "Love" as we were constantly attended to by various waitstaff which made conversation with my friend choppy at times as we had to assure various wait staff we were happy and not finished with what we were eating (they really wanted our plates and glasses back). Also, there seemed to be a lot of people working that night. They were literally tripping over each other. It was amusing at first until it wasn't. 
Food/Drink - I started with a Sunset boulevard (i think it was called) a champagne drink, which was good and my friend stuck with wine all night which she enjoyed. She couldn't decide between two options so the waitress let her sample some before she chose which she appreciated. 
The food was overall very good. We started with the Gnocco Fritto which was one of my favorite things. I've never had this before so I didn't know what to expect. They were hollowed pastry shells with a side of the mortadella and onion jam. I wasn't sure how to eat it so we tore the shells apart, stuffed them with the meat and slathered jam on everything. So good. I'd get this again in a heartbeat. 
We also split the Pierogi with Panna cotta and caviar. This was also good. The creamy panna cotta and the salty caviar over the pierogi was very enjoyable. I'd get this again also.
For mains, we split the Ricotta Ravioli and the Salmon. The ravioli was easily my least favorite thing. If it had rosemary in it, we couldn't taste it. The hazelnuts gave it a nice texture but compared to the other 3 dishes we had it was just underwhelming. The salmon was fantastic. It had a nice charred skin and was cooked just as it should have been. The BEST part of the salmon is the crispy brussles sprouts with the soy balsamic glaze. It was the tastiest part of the entire meal and I almost licked that part of my plate clean. There was a decent serving of it on the plate but i wanted more. So good.
Finally for dessert we ordered the carrot cake sundae which was 2 scoops of cream cheese ice cream with some wet walnuts. We didn't finish this and it wasn't worth ordering. 
Overall, 3.5 stars a nice experience. This would've been a solid 4 stars without the water, 20% less attentive staff (which I feel is an odd thing to say but its just how I felt) and had we passed on dessert. We paid a little over $100/person (with tip) for water, 2 drinks each, split 2 appetizers, 2 mains and dessert. If I ever find myself back there, I'd probably re-order the GnoccoFritto and Salmon.  
I'd definitely pass on the $1 water.I honestly don't even know where to begin with my experience here. Our server was extremely awkward and couldn't even explain what the special was to us in a way that we could even begin to understand. The cheese board came out and the manager who delivered it to us couldn't even tell us what the cheeses were without having to look at a note card. Now for the most interesting part of our dinner. The chairs here are extremely wobbly, and an older male fell out of his chair during our dinner. A stretcher had to come through the restaurant to get him off of the floor. This was my boyfriend and I's two year anniversary. Needless to say, it was completely ruined by our dinner at the Love.
And then to top off our experience, they presented us with two pieces of brittle for our anniversary. After everything that happened with our meal, you would think they would at least give us a normal/acceptable dessert.I came here with two friends from out of town, on the recommendation of a third-party. This place is marketed as upscale new American food. The decor is pretty nice, but I wasn't particularly impressed by my beef papperdelle. Most of umami  flavor came from fried shallots, and the pasta was sadly lacking in the fresh chewy texture and taste I would expect for a $25 plate. I think they don't make it in house here, and it was limp/over cooked. 
Drinks are good here with the strawberry basil mojito making up for a bit of my disappointment.We were able to get a last minute reservation on a Friday night and it was worth it.   
Positives
- the service.  Everyone was great from the hostess to the bartenders to the servers.  We enjoyed having a cocktail upstairs and the hostess came and got us when our table was ready
- the food.   I got the scallops and would definitely recommend them.  My husband got the spaghetti and lobster (loved) and the rack of ribs (good and meaty)
- special requests - they were very willing to modify dishes to make them gluten friendly
Some challenges
- noise level downstairs was pretty high - hard to have a conversation (upstairs was much better!)
- drink prices seemed a bit high (probably not for downtown but seemed high to me)
- it would be nice to see a few more gluten friendly options - perhaps a pasta option or a better bread or cracker?
Overall - we would definitely go back for the food and the service.Great spot for dinner.  I enjoyed a meal here with two colleagues last Friday.  The food was good, the service was good, and the ambiance is nice.  The restaurant has some limited outdoor seating on the fairly busy sidewalk that I would avoid; the interior has nice ambiance and was cozy (albeit a little loud as the night went on).  The Love boasts an impressive wine list and we particularly enjoyed the cheeseboard featuring products from local dairy farms.  I had the risotto, which was cooked perfectly, and my companions enjoyed the chicken and the scallops.  Overall, an enjoyable experience.Ambiance is great, but the items on the menu are less than impressive compared to other Starr restaurants. I had the trout and I don't recommend.Great date night spot and menu. The service was phenomenal, they didn't rush us out and let us chat the whole night away. We had the rolls, the salt and pepper salmon, the veggie crudo with the green dip, brussel sprouts and the curry pumpkin soup. The salmon and the green dip were amazing. Everything else was pretty good, but didn't wow us. For drinks we had the goddess and government mule, which were both quite amazing. We also had the walking dead and and amaro for after dinner drinks - they were both splendid as well.Had an amazing meal here last night.  The ambiance they created is perfect, feeling very upscale yet inviting.  They did an amazing job with the lighting.  The cocktails were interesting and very well balanced.  In terms of the food, everything we ate was delicious.  The poke, the gnudi, and the fried chicken were highlights.  The dessert, the cracker Jax sundae, was great as well.  
My one big issue with this restaurant is the pricing.  For what was supposed to be "your neighborhood restaurant" the prices are way inflated.  30 dollars for fried chicken?  We spent about 90 bucks a person for a meal in quality that is met at many other restaurants in Philly for 20-30 less a person.   This will definitely prohibit us from coming here regularly. 
Pricing aside, the restaurant is excellent and would still highly recommend.Fun and well made cocktails, tasty food, in a warm and inviting atmosphere.  The service was friendly and helpful and each course was well prepared with nice portions of fresh, delicious food.  A very nice Rittenhouse experience.I was in town for a conference and decided to try this place for dinner with my parents. The food was great, the restaurant was designed nicely (though a little loud) and the wait staff was very attentive and professional. They were able to reserve a table near the entry to help my father who has limited mobility. I asked for this during the reservation and was very appreciative of them honoring (and remembering) the request. Overall a great experience.Stephen Starr does it again. I came here for brunch for the first time a month ago and came back a few weeks later. This place is that good. The ambience of the restaurant is nice--spacious, airy, and not too loud. The brunch menu has fairly simple brunch food that has been made complex with interesting ingredients. Last time I went, I ordered the chedder black pepper waffles with maple apples, fried rosemary, and cayenne-cinnamon pecans. Highly recommended. You could literally taste all of the ingredients, but it still tasted like the sweet waffle you expect when you order waffles for brunch. I've definitely added this spot to my list of go-to places when I don't have time to look into new restaurants.Okay this place is absolutely amazing. It was a little chilly inside, but the food was some of the best I've ever had in Philly! It seems fancy but you can go dressed however, and the food seems fancy but it's really just great twists on classic food! The turkey melt was sooooo good and it came with chips and home made pickles. It was busy on a Monday at 1 and our food still came our super fast and done to perfection! I LOVE THE LOVE and will def be going back!Had dinner at THE LOVE last night - fabulous!  (If you go, ask to have Nicholas as your waiter).I love this place - great location, right by Rittenhouse and excellent staff. We stopped by for dinner when they opened and had such a wonderful time I haven't stopped talking about it. The menu is a little smaller than what you would expect from Starr but it's more than enough to meet everyone in your parties needs. 
My favorite spot is right in the corner table you can see everything, plus it's well lit for the older and younger party members.A new restaurant on the scene from Starr Restaurants, The Love is in the heart of Rittenhouse Square and provides a nice ambiance and dining atmosphere. There is a bar adjacent to the host area with limited seating and the general dining area is inviting but not pretentious. The restaurant isn't overly spacious and though our table was a bit small it was nicely located near a window. 
The service was attentive and the pace was good. 
The menu features a variety of appetizers, pasta, entrees, and vegetable sides, many of which seem to be comfort food or southern inspired dishes. 
We enjoyed the Parker House Rolls, served in a cast iron skillet and accompanied with chive butter. They were tasty and a nice starter.
The caramelle pasta was probably the least inspired. Although it was nicely presented the portion was minimal and though the butter sauce was warm, the pasta twists themselves were cold which was somewhat off putting. 
The highlight of the meal was actually the seasonal chicken. I'm not a huge fan of chicken but this chicken was fried in buttermilk, boneless, and was soft and flavorful. The accompanying grits were a bit heavy on the butter, but okay. The collard greens were fine, the comeback sauce was well prepared. 
For a side vegetable we tried the torched broccoli with hot sauce. The presentation was a little unsightly, it was more like broccoli tossed haphazardly in sauce, but it was tasty. 
Our drinks were good, the restaurant has a good enough variety of cocktails, wine and other libations to get along with, though I wouldn't characterize the pours as particularly generous for some of the prices. 
Our dessert consisted of the Dirt Sundae, of chocolate mousse and topped with crushed cookies/fruit. The presentation was nice and the mousse was well flavored and a good way to conclude the meal. 
All in all, I think the ambiance and service were where the restaurant excelled. We enjoyed most of the fare, with the exceptions noted above. I would be curious to try some additional entrée dishes or return for brunch.Love love love this place so much that we came twice in one day . I am from Brooklyn NY & i will definitely come here when I am back in PhillyGreat atmosphere and great meal.  It sounds ridiculous, but you can't miss the rolls with chive butter to start.  Also, we shared a couple pastas.  The goat cheese caramelle was decent, but the short rib pappardelle was unbelievable.  The bohemian curry with striped bass was excellent as well.  It will be perfect for when the weather starts getting a bit warmer.  We topped it off with the carrot cake sundae....unreal.  Overall the food was delicious and service outstanding.  Enjoy!Best fish I've ever eaten. Tasty drinks, dessert is good but limited options. Bit loud but excellent service.Great atmosphere I had The scallops they were delicious,service was great, and desserts were to die forAte here last night . Another win for Stephen Starr . So good ! We had the cheese board , veggies with a green goddess dip , past and lobster, scallops , tofu and the special rack of ribs . Everything was great . Nice wine selections as wellAsked to come here last minute a few weeks ago by coworkers so I wasn't really sure what to expect. We were seated right away (7 people), since my co worker made a reservation. Our table was in a weird spot; directly next to the hostess and then next to a server station so it wasn't ideal, but the staff was very nice and accommodating. The menu was a tad limited but everything had a very interesting spin on it and all looked fresh and thought out. I ordered the turkey melt and it was literally amazing. The flavors and the honey mustard were really unexpected and satisfying. My portion was very substantial and I was able to take half home, however, my co worker order the more expensive ravioli and her portion was very small. While potentially more filling, I probably would have been annoyed if that was my plate. Girls gotta eat! Would go back for sure though!Our server, Victoria, was fabulous. 
We loved everything. I ordered the skirt steak special and was floored when I took my first bite - it was cold. Not room temperature.. it was cold. They took it back and apologized, brought it out and it was fine. But cold steak? That was a first.
Boyfriend had the trout, which was great. The brisket pappardelle was incredible, the cheese plate was delicious too. The dessert menu looked great, I wanted everything, but skipped. Next time :-)We went to this place after my wedding dress shopping, place was right down the road from the wedding dress salon... Food was absolutely amazing, we were there during brunch hours, everyone in my group enjoyed the good! It was elegant, unique and absolutely delicious! Perfect for the occasion!I went to this restaurant on a date. It was very romantic and trendy. The menu featured fresh seasonal items. However beware- the crudités do not feature pickled vegetables and the green goddess dressing is not vegetarian. I mean I know most green goddess dressing contain anchovy but the menu does not reflect this. I really liked therisotto and we had canned wine which was actually very good. Overall this restaurantThe best thing about The Love is probably the atmosphere. It takes a jazzy and classy approach to seemingly medieval archways and exposed brick, and throws it in the middle of Rittenhouse. If feels like you're dining in the countryside like Napa Valley but the bustle of the Philadelphia streets are just outside. 
The menu is awful, not the options it offers but the literal menu itself. It's hard to focus on any item because it all blends together like some textual hotpot. It forgets that capital letters are used for emphasis, and seemingly plays tricks on you as you try to finish a single line without jumping to the next. 
They don't offer any of the typical alcoholic brunch drinks which I guess adds to the jazzy allure, but it means alcohol at brunch is gonna cost ya roughly $13 a drink. I get it, but it's frustrating. 
As for the food, I went with the burger and it didn't disappoint. It's filling but not a very large portion so if you're looking for a heavier option, I'd suggest something else. The cheese fondue dip was the most intriguing part, a fun, richer alternative an aioli for the burger and/or ketchup for dipping potatoes. 
Not sure I would return any time soon before trying some other restaurants around the city, but it's worth a visit.Steven Starr restaurants are almost always great spot with food; service and setting all top notch.   Brunch service was fine,  food passable and setting totally banal.  With all of the fantastic restaurants in Philadelphia not sure how long this will last.  Sad, as the name they chose is pretty awesome.Being a fan of Starr restaurants, I've been looking forward to going to The Love. It seemed fitting to save the experience for celebrating "love" with our wedding anniversary. It was a Tuesday evening, so not insanely busy. I had marked "anniversary" while making the reservation on Open Table, and they asked again when calling to confirm if we were celebrating our anniversary that night. 
The hostess was very welcoming and chatted to us for a bit as they cleared our table. Didn't offer to take our coats, though, and I noticed there was a coat closet on the way out. We ordered drinks and it took 10+ minutes to receive them. No biggie, though. Our server was nice enough but fairly unremarkable. We didn't see much of him. 
We had the cast-iron rolls, duck salad, fried chicken, and lamb. The food was cooked and seasoned well and the drinks were good, but both were definitely overpriced. Dessert was pleasant. 
No mention of our anniversary that night, so it didn't feel special in any way. Just another night going out to eat. Why even ask/confirm if you're celebrating anything? For the amount you end up spending, I would expect a higher level of service.
All in all, you're better off going to Bud & Marilyn's for similar food and a more enjoyable experience (better prices, too). For a $200+ meal for two, it was a bit of a let down.Went last evening with GF and family. Wow, beautiful restaurant. Service was spot on and they're only open a week. Broccoli, collards, Brussels sprouts all fantastic. 
Our table had Salmon, Lobster pasta, ravioli all perfect. Started with cheeses and meat for the table. No one does cheeses better than Aimee. Desert the Cracker Jack ice cream, they had a Carmel with sea salt that should have been served in a syringe it's that kind of addicting. 
Can not wait to return. Ambience need anyone say more than it's a Starr restaurant ambience always interesting and amazing.Obsessed. A new Stephen Starr favorite. The vibe here was great - cozy and homey. The bar is gorgeous. We started off with the $20 manhattan and flower power. The Manhattan was awesome and I don't usually like manhattans. The flower power was an tasty tasty bees knees. We then had the purist poke which was great but not as great as the flavor of the handmade pierogis with caviar which were deliciousssss. 
We then had the lobster spaghetti and short rib stroganoff. The lobster spaghetti was amazinggg. The flavor was awesome, I could eat this everyday. The stroganoff flavor was on point and delicious as well. We finished with the cracker jax sundae and carrot cake sundae which were delicious and bigger than I expected. I also had the lavender early gray tea and it's definitely my new favorite tea.
The dishes were the perfect size. I saw some said the portions were small but I disagree. Can't wait to go back again.Great addition to the Rittenhouse restaurants. Came for Christmas Eve dinner and wasn't disappointed! Seating took about 10 minutes, longer than expected with a reservation but service was very pleasant. Atmosphere is romantic and warm. Cocktails and food are great! Definitely would recommend the rolls with chive butter, fried chicken, and the BROCCOLI is to die for. Who would have thought it would be such a stand out? 
Would definitely come again.Went for brunch. Great service although many waiters/waitresses. Tried the cinnamon bun to share, didn't taste much banana and a little too sweet.   Shrimp and grits were nice, very cheesy grits but the sauce complimented it well. Burger juicy but tomato missed from iy, needed the acid. Will definitely go back for dinner. Looking forward to it.Super cute restaurant with a location that cannot be beat. Overall, I enjoyed my food and was very impressed by the extensive wine list. However, I found the menu to be overpriced for what you get. 
We got: drop biscuits with maple jalapeño butter (very good), leek and wintercress soup with Parmesan popcorn, little lettuce salad with radishes and peppercorn vinaigrette, and prime rib sandwich with horseradish (meh). 
Surprisingly my favorite part of the meal was the vinaigrette dressing on my friend's salad! 
While I wasn't otherwise blown away by the food, I had a really enjoyable dining experience because of the cute atmosphere and the top notch service. Definitely go when you want to splurge for some good wine. It's worth having while you're there.More love at The Love. 
After a relaxing but cold+snowy day, it was love at first sip of my "Very Good Bourbon", with Jim Beam Black, Gran Classico Bitter, Iris Vermouth and Apple Cider. So smooth+soul warming. 
I quickly warmed up and relaxed, and neglected to take photos of our food. My friend and I both wanted to eat fairly light and we shared the Gnudi (the Love's spin on Gnocchi) which was tender and melt in your mouth delicious, made with with sage, Saba and toasted chestnut truffle brown butter sauce. It was so light we could almost forget we were eating pasta. 
We also had the torched broccoli in a house hot sauce. It was delicious and not particularly hot, though I have a high tolerance for heat. And, we shared the exceptional Brussel sprouts with soy balsamic. Hardly health food but not too heavy and worth every fat gram. 
I love the Love.Visited Philly this weekend with my gf and made a reservation here. Came a little late but they were very co-operative. The hostess was very nice and friendly. The table we had was cramped but she moved us to a more suitable one. We ordered some specialty drinks which took awhile but it was packed. I would definitely make a reservation. The ambiance is very romantic. The broken arrow drink was great. Food phenomenal. I order the pork chop and gf got the salmon. Both were perfect. Wait staff is competent. Will return.