Dope looking space inside!! Much cooler than expected. Especially on the 3rd floor with the ceiling windows, light fixtures and exposed brick walls. 
We made a reservation (funny to me because it reminds me of a pizza shop... and like a reservation??... lol) But yeah, so we got seated on the third floor in the back and it was perfect. It was enough privacy although it got pretty packed pretty quickly after arriving. 
Our waiter, Alex, was a mellow guy who'd crack a funny comment every so often. 
Our starters were Mac and cheese and some bread stuff (I forget the name) lol. The Mac and cheese was much bigger than expected. We got two and we could have shared one. I was excited for it but honestly, it was blend and too creamy. 
You also get complimentary tomato soup in these little cups and it was DELICIOUS. The tomato soup here is amazing. I'd highly suggest getting the meal. Cheers. 
I got one of the burgers. It was good, not great but solid. 
The staff seemed to sort of not look your way if you weren't their table. It was too noticeable for me. The staff could be friendlier.  
Oh, they do valet parking if you call ahead. On Main Street, that's a MAJOR plus to take advantage of. We didn't lol and got caught in the pouring rain. 
Would I come again? Yes. Maybe just on a cold rainy day for that amazing tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich. And also because the space is so cool and in the cut off Main Street.For my wife and I we are fans. I have noted some inconsistent pizza's as others have mentioned but nothing so awful that I would say they are bad. I have tried multiple pizza places in manayunk and I say they are about the same inconsistency. We both are pescetarian so we don't eat meat so I can't sing to that. I did take a star off because they have to improve in delivery and maybe lower the cost of the pizza. As for salads I think they do a perfect job, but again i think they can low price by .50 - 1 for most items. I do get the extra cost it seems to be a trendy place so you pay extra for that and happier and nicer staff.Really great to grab a bite for lunch (buffet style) when in a rush with work. Everyone gets to make their own plate of pizza, pasta, or salad. It really couldn't be an easier or more pleasant fast casual experience. Service is great--really friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this for a quick pizza group lunch.I love this place! The lunch buffet is always excellent and has a great selection. On the weekends it includes the best french toast in Manayunk! I also love their salads there. They have delicious dressings are great sizes. Delicious food and fun atmosphere!Every time I'm on main street I always eat here! Food is Amazing! I bring new friends with me every time and they say the same! I'll keep coming backA great place to stop in for an awesome meal! They pizza and salads are delicious, and you've got to try a Maddy bar for dessert. Don't pass up the tomato basil soup, it's to die for!The Couch Tomato is one of my favorite eateries in Manayunk, always good. Tonight I was disappointed in service. It's seems silly but I didn't like that I was dismissed by the hostess/ cashier. I asked for my favorite salad of all time- Where's Waldorf. It always comes with poppyseed dressing. I got my salad and it came to me with a ranch style dressing on the side. I went to the girl and told her I got this other dressing and I'd like the poppyseed. She went to get it and said "you have the poppyseed"I told her no. I didn't have the poppyseed because is wasn't sweet and it was a totally different consistency then the other times I've gotten it ( about 100) and that I thought it was ranch or something like it. She then asked me if it had black specks in it. Yes, it did. Hands me the same flipping dressing I already had!! At this point I gave up. " That's the poppyseed you have. Sometimes it's sweet sometimes it's not." No. Young lady you are wrong. So I didn't eat my salad. I took it home to eat with my poppyseed dressing AT HOME. Oh. And those black specks in the RANCH DRESSING you gave me? They are called herbs. Not poppyseeds. I just didn't appreciate it or her. And my salad was yummy. At home. With my own sweet, poppyseed dressing.Being gluten free I appreciate the effort to provide gluten free meals ! On top of that the meals are fresh and delicious. The menu is extensive and the meals are very reasonably priced!!  The Italian stallion pizza was really awesome and the service was pretty quick.Kind of expensive but pretty worth it. Good place for a vegan to take a not-vegan friend or vice versa. Not a ton of options but the few are yummy and satisfying. Get the cheesey bread with Kite Hill vegan cheese; it's worth the up charge.after hearing all the rave reviews, i was looking forward to trying this place. im originally from ny so of course hearing that it had ny stylish pizzas and that their salads were great I decided to try it out.
the first time i got a make your own salad and it wasnt bad at all. but it was nothing amazingly wonderful. 
i thought maybe it was the fact taht id decided to make my own salad. so then i decided to order a pizza and salad again. i got the its not easy being green pizza on wheat crust and a salad. however, i was very disappointed with the pizza. i had it delivered and it was very soggy and chewy by the time i got it. the salad seemed ok. nothing amazing either. 
and it also wasnt cheap so it was a bit disappointing. however, i know a lot of ppl love the place so i am willing to try it again. but i think i'll probably wait a while until i do again. im just skeptical since twice it didnt work out so great. hopefully as they say third times a charm.Really enjoyed our time at the Couch Tomato Cafe! The building was beautiful, and food was very very delicious! The waitstaff was very friendly as well. Really enjoyed ourselves and can't wait to go back!Buffalo chicken pizza is fantastic!
Salads are amazing!
The light balsamic dressing is heaven!
Only complaint comes from a friend, the calzone is too cheesy and the bread is too thin.
Also sometimes it can get a little pricey when you add too much to a salad.
This place is BYOB!  For a place where you can get great food quick, you can eat and have time to enjoy your food and drink leisurely outside on the patio in the summer! There is not much seating inside, so I'm not sure how the winter will work.In true Manayunk fashion, I'd say Couch Tomato is definitely overpriced!  Their pizza is pretty good and the salads/wraps are quite delicious too... but it is worth the money??  Not sure.  We always cross our fingers for the Tomato Bisque... It's delish! (Don't forget to dip the fresh roll in it too!)  So I guess I give the FOOD 4 stars but the price (and the girl at the counter who's voice make my ears bleed) brings the total rating down to 3!This is an awesome place to stop and get a cheap good meal.  They have whole wheat options and its a BYOB.  Their salad and slice selection is amazing. 
 It is small but they have some outside seating and right next to Main St. Manayunk.  
You can also bring your dog to sit outside or if you have to go in to get take away.The Couch Tomato is one of those places that sounds like it's going to be great when you read the menu, but just turns out to be good instead. I'm never disappointed with what I order, but I never feel particularly wow'd either. 
The variety is great, and they use a lot of interesting and different ingredients on their pizzas, salads, and wraps. I like that any of the salads can be made into a wrap and there is always pre-made pizza if you just need something quick. The staff is friendly and the service is speedy. 
All in all, Couch Tomato is a solid spot for takeout in the neighborhood, but I don't think I would ever go out of my way to eat here.Love this place! Pizza of course is killer but try their soup too, especially their pizza soup is amazingLoved everything about it!!! Decided to buy a Groupon and I am so happy I did. Ive been back several times since and each time I am delighted by the food, the service and the decor. The staff is polite and knowledgeable, the decor is relaxed but definitely classy enough for a first date. And the food!!! I expected so-so food from a lunch buffet, but was floored by the flavors. The soup was yummy, the pasta was delicious and I ate almost 4 of the garlic knots!! I have gone back several times since and haven't been disappointed yet!!Quality service. Great place if you're looking for wholesome ingredients mixed with comfort foodMy BF and I stopped into the bistro for a late lunch around 2:30. It took a minute for someone to come over to the host stand and seat us but our server was very nice and apologized for the small wait. 
Now for the good part, we shared the fried goat cheese salad and the prosciutto and arugula pizza with the whole wheat crust. Every bite was delicious. 
The reason I didn't feel I could give five stars was due to the wait time. There were literally only 3 tables of people and both of our food items took long to arrive. One table  got their meal and finished it before our salad had arrived. 
The decor was pretty and the menu looked great. Had we not been so hungry I might not have noticed the wait time. I think we'll try delivery and maybe be back for brunch.This is my one-and-only go-two place for food when I don't have time to cook. I am an athlete and thus try to eat as healthy as possible and believe that eating foods sourced from local farms is better for me and my community. The Couch Tomato Cafe's food is predominantly local and I have never had a "bad" meal there. Their salads are large and can easily be a meal by themselves and their pizzas are delicious and not greasy at all. Combine the fresh vegetables with a wheat crust and you have the perfect meal! The staff is extremely friendly and their delivery is quick and accurate!Wow the grilled cheese and tomato soup were AMAZING! my girlfriend got the gluten free version and she loved it! Great drink selection too. Only issue is our server was MIA a lot of the time and the food took forever to come out. It was a Saturday at 345PM and not that busy. Still great food!This is one of the only healthier customizable salad places within walking distance of where I work which is why I frequent it a lot. However I think it is a little over priced for what you get and for the options available. However I will say that I really love the environment and the outdoor seating optionMy office caters from couch tomato a lot and I always look forward to it. Their pizzas are huge, great crust, good sauce to cheese ratio, full of fresh veggies. Kind of a healthier pizza option versus the delicious greasy stuff, so I understand why some people don't love it. I thought their Buffalo chicken was pretty great though. Their salads are awesome - lots of good ingredients, very flavorful & fresh. They're pretty great about special orders too - gluten free, vegetarian, etc. 
The past couple times we've ordered there have been some mistakes - there were some very weird salty cookies and a chicken pasta dish with no chicken - usually they're great though.I can't believe it's taken me all these years living in and around Manayunk to try the Couch Tomato. I'd been told by neighbors and friends who worked here alike to try it, but I hadn't until this week. I felt a familiar bittersweet blend of joy for having found a new bastion of deliciousness and lament for not having tried it sooner at the entreaty of my friends. Allow me to back up and start from the beginning. 
*fade to Wednesday*
My wife and I had taken the day off to watch the Phillies game on a beautiful day in Manayunk. We were a little hungry and saw the Couch Tomato on the way to Cactus. We decided to pop in and see what our friends had been going on about. The space, which is currently under construction, I think to add a lounge area, was very casual and welcoming. The first thing that struck us about the place was how effusively friendly the staff was. They pointed us to a stack of menus, and offered any guidance we might need in selecting from the extensive menu of salads, sandwiches, and pizza. I glanced over the glass display case as we perused the menus and saw an incredible array of delicious-looking pizzas.
As we were ordering, my wife was having a hard time deciding, so I was stalling for her by striking up a conversation with the very pleasant person working the counter (I think we got there at an uncharacteristically slow time). We had a great conversation about how the light gun from the NES worked (which stemmed from the Atari t-shirt I was wearing) before we ordered. I really wish I had caught her name, and I would commend her personally for being such an asset to the establishment.  
Anyway, I got the Buffalo Soldier wrap, which was comprised of fresh mozzarella, fresh spinach, tomatoes, and balsamic vinaigrette, and my wife got the Mediterranean wrap, which had Greek influences, I think. Both were spectacular.  
As we ate, I noticed a sign that said that all ingredients are locally sourced. This means a great deal to me, and I'm happy to be able to support a local establishment that in turn supports the local economy. 
We had such a great experience that I ended up buying a Couch Tomato t-shirt at the end. 
*fade back to the present*
I would totally recommend coming here. I can't wait to come back to try the pizza.Couch Tomato is my go-to lunch spot in Manayunk, especially if I'm wanting to eat healthy.  They by far have the best salads around, and the little piece of bread and occasional free sample are a nice touch as well.  Try the chips and dessert bar sometime too; they're both legit.Food is amazing no concern about that. 
We have been here multiple times and have had great service. Upon coming into this restaurant Sunday night after watching the Flyers game at a bar and having a few beers, we were told upon ordering a drink and apps, "you have to wait until you eat to order a drink." When asking why, the server said I am not allowed to serve you if you are too drunk. We made no scene when entering the restaurant no one would have known if we had a few drinks and we were not driving. We felt very judged and the server brought the drink we initially ordered after our appetizers and when our pizza came out to the table. At this point, it was the matter of principle and we were already insulted and denied the drink from the server. The server sent someone else the rest of our time there to box our pizza and take care of our check. I understand monitoring belligerent people is important and drinking and driving is against the law and it is your duty to prevent this, however I have seen may more intoxicated people get served at your restaurant.LIARS!!! Below is an email I received after leaving a good review at the restaurant. I did what was asked, I NEVER got the $20 coupon!  Pizza is good, business sucks! I'll never go back!!
Thanks for recently stopping by and trying out The Tomato Bistro in Manayunk!
Your rave reviews (left on the yellow feedback card) were very much appreciated!
We are trying to grow our online reputation, and are putting in place a "Online-Reviews-For-Rewards" program. Basically, you just write one short review and post it to quickly earn credit - it's quick and simple. If interested in earning up to $30 in Tomato Bistro credit for a future visit, just let us know and I can send you a list of 7 links to quickly post a short review (on one or all).  If you post the review to all the links listed we will send you a voucher for $30 to use when you return!  (More details to follow, if interested)
Just let me know if you're interested, and I can send those quick links right over to you!
Thanks again for your business, and we hope you take advantage of this opportunity, and help us establish an online presence!
_______________________________________________________________________
Craig Mosmen
Casmos Cafe', Inc.
The Couch Tomato Cafe'
The Tomato Bistro (Upstairs)
P.O. Box 55440
102 Rector Street
Philadelphia, PA 19127
http://www.TheCouchTomato.com
http://www.TheTomatoBistro.com
Craig@TheCouchTomato.com
Cell: (267) 971-4351I've been a patron of The Couch Tomato since it opened. The ingredients are fresh, the food is good and the service is great! I highly recommend this restaurant for take-out, delivery or dine-in.Took my wife to dinner and we loved it!  The pizza was the best and the salad with crab and asparagus was awesome.  This is not just a pizza place but a fun night out with a great atmosphere.  I bought a gift card to give to a friend!I am a pizza lover and I recognize that pizza-making and pizza-reviews have become very specialized.  I am NOT holding any of this, which may be a trend, against this café.  I was introduced to this place because my daughter raves about their chicken wraps and was already aware that it has become kind of a destination in Manayunk, having outlasted two or more area competitors.  Finally, I am uncomfortable criticizing businesses, preferring to write off a negative event to a "bad day or night."  However, I have had a total of unsatisfactory experiences with a café whose prices are definitely not neighborhood reasonable but more in line with high-end places and products.  The plain pizza, UNLESS you pay for overpriced extra cheese and sauce, looks like it suffers from sauce and cheese deprivation.  What you get is a brittle film-like layer (THINK CREME BRULEE) of sauce and cheese that easily slides off the pie.  Extra cheese which is what everyone else considers a normal amount to savor and chew sets you back $4 for an 18" pizza and another $3 for extra sauce.  Any pizza coming at $22 better amaze you with outstanding flavor even for a plain one.  Sorry, this does NOT.  When I get to service, Couch Tomato management needs a serious review of its staff because EACH represents the business.  On 3 successive take out orders, there was an item missing.  A call to the manager became routine and my complaint was immediately acknowledged by a friendly young manager and she would then invite me to receive a free dessert or chips.  That happened 3 times following a mistake and, in my opinion, a customer should not start contemplating what dessert he can ask for when the next inevitable error occurs.  The event of yesterday was the most outrageous and prompted that I take action-HERE.  I met my daughter and her family.  We ordered an 18" plain with EXTRA CHEESE and SAUCE.  The staff behind the register had me wait for 5 minutes while she non-chalantly poured a soda for the preceding customer and then proceed to take out a slice from the display product selection and reheat it, waiting by the oven.  WHEN THESE 4 STEPS WERE CONCLUDED, SHE FINALLY CAME TO ME.  MULTI-TASKING was not in her work vocabulary.  I ordered and my family waited outside.  It was 2 pm and really slow. We wait 15, 20, 25 minutes.  My daughter has an appointment and checks inside to find out that OUR pizza was placed in the display section for pizza by the slice.  My daughter likes this place so much (FOR THE WRAPS) she cancelled her appointment.  But I am NOT her and so this review.  I emphasize I am understanding and patient for restaurant mishaps here or there.  Unless I have bad KARMA, making this review invalid, I believe a restaurant or café that has so much popularity to enlarge and beat out new arrivals can and DOES become complacent and tolerates the above problems thinking that a friendly reply by management coupled with a dessert will rectify the experience.  It won't and clearly hasn't in my case.  Like I said, COUCH TOMATO needs a quality wake-up call and I hope this serves that function.Went here for lunch the other day, ate in the upstairs part with the waitress service. We got a little cup of hot tomato soup as a little taste, it was quite good. The panini sandwich I ordered was good, nice, fresh veggies and good cheese. 
I've eaten at the downstairs part once, I didn't realize that you had to order then sit and wait for your food to be cooked, so I had ordered pizza while a friend ordered a salad. Obviously her meal was ready before mine, so I had to sit there and watch her eat while I waited for my food to be ready. I wasn't too happy about that.
However, overall, the food is good, and you can't beat a local pizza place like that in Manayunk.I came here with a friend using a Groupon, and I had a wonderful experience. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, and we had ample options to choose from. The pizza and chicken we got were delicious, and they were having a special on wine the night we were there. The atmosphere was friendly and cozy, and I will definitely be going back!!Service stinks.  60 minute wait for a plain pizza less than half mile away.   Not worth the wait for pizza that tastes like the box that it's delivered in.I worked at a nearby community hospital. My unit orders from here often, although more than not we are disappointed. Salad come differently than we ordered and the garlic knots are totally inconsistent. Today we order and my salad was drenched with water and our garlic knots came undercooked and WITHOUT garlic! We called and the manager blames the person who delivered the food saying he should have told us! Really?!?!? How about you take garlic knots off the menu until you have the garlic sauce? You don't deliver food and tell the customer at that point that their food isn't right. Ordering lunch from here is not cheap! Is it too much to ask to get our food they way we ordered it? I can understand one mistake, but honestly there has been plenty.pizza good. salads AMAZE-BALLS super fresh!I really enjoy the food at this cafe.  Salads are delicious, never had their wraps, but the pizza is definitely my favorite.  It's a tight fit once inside as they only have seating for a handful of people.  However, whenever I visit Philly, I do love to bring food back home.
The bread for salads and soups is AMAZING!  It's my absolute favorite.Very good pizza and great salad wrap.  My new go-to place for pizza.  Got the Italian stallion pizza.  So good, and their crust is amazing.  I'll definitely be back to try some other pies.Holy moly this is my FAVORITE place to get delivery in manayunk. Probably the healthiest option. They never disappoint. The food is so fresh. My boyfriend and I probably order at least once a week from here. Sometimes even more. The pizza is great (a little pricey I will admit) outstanding salads which generous portion for toppings, the cyo chicken sandwich is to die for. Obsessed with these place. They are so great. Easily my favorite place to get delivery in manayunk. Definitely a must try!!!FINALLY a great salad in philly. ok, so a great salad in manayunk, but i'll take what i can get.  philly/center city is salad challenged and i think i just found the best salad place ever.  i had the version with figs and goat cheese and then added chicken.  amazing.  lots and lots of goat cheese, fresh spring mix and delicious sliced roast chicken.  they have my favorite kind of balsamic (it's emulsified so kind of creamy) and for people who can't eat bread the side of homemade potato chips is a good option.  i wish i lived in manayunk just to get their salads!Good pizza. Really wish they had french fries...Update - 
Me and my boyfriend went back.  GREAT service!   I loved our server she was so cute and helpful.  We sat outside and they even gave my dog water.  We used the groupon, and it was an absolute steal.
She also informed me that the rude server has been let go.  I would go back, great experience!First, I will say this place has great fresh wraps, salads and pizzas. I have been a customer for years. That being said- their service is horrendous. I always have trouble receiving the actual delivery order that I placed. I recently ordered through grub hub and even though I changed my delivery address- Couch Tomato system used my last order address on the ticket. The delivery guy called me and when I told him I was at a different address he yelled at me over the phone! (He was only two blocks away) then When he dropped the order off he just shoved the food in my hands before I could explain or check the order. Of course sandwich had cucumbers on it and I requested sans cucumbers because I'm allergic. My advice- if you order take out or delivery check your order right away and don't pre tip on delivery!Amazing vegan pizza, awesome staff, great atmosphereThe BEST place for fresh, local food. Love the rotating seasonal menu as well as the staple signature items. Everything is easily customizable and the staff is extremely friendly. I haven't had a bad experience and have eaten here PLENTY of times. You need to try it!I will be returning here next time I am in town! 
I thoroughly enjoyed my gluten free buffalo chicken pizza and Cobb salad. Try the balsamic vinegarette! I was impressed that any pizza could be made gluten free for $1 up charge. The salad and pizza were both great. Staff was friendly as well.Probably one of the best flat breads I have had in Philadelphia. Every single thing I have tried here is amazing. The salads are also great. My favorite is the shortrib flatbread. Surprisingly, they also have a phenomenal beer list. I love it!After having a bad experience on my last visit, the customer service provided by both the owners and catering manager was terrific.  My co-workers and I just had a sampling of the catering menu and I must say it was exceptional!  Fresh products & the variety provided was great! I will definitely use the catering option again!I took my dad to the cafe on Tuesday and we had an amazing salad...AND the April pizza (spinach artichoke dip)...holy cow!!! It's out of this world! And the service was fantastic! Good job on the pizza, Jeremy!!have gone back to try it again and must say their salads are pretty good - esp with the homemade dressing. also do like the bbq chicken pizza.Got a take-out lunch salad from this place and while the portion was generous, the chicken I requested to be added ended up being a very strange, almost canned, texture vs. the usual chunks/strips of grilled chicken I was expecting. The goat cheese was also in a couple of large hunks on the side vs. sprinkled as smaller pieces. 
The balsamic vinaigrette was nice and the greens themselves were pretty fresh. Not a bad salad on the whole, but would leave off the chicken next time and split one as a starter to some pizza.LOVE their gluten free pizza! I often come here when I am craving pizza and they have amazing options. Their ingredients are always fresh.Love Couch Tomato! Great option for lunch or dinner, especially when you want something fast. They offer pick up, delivery, or dine in options which is great.
The bread for all of the sandwiches is so thick and delicious. I highly recommend the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo. It is UNREAL. Salads are great too! 
Only negative is that online ordering makes it hard to customize your order and sometimes the service is slow/rude. Food overshadows it though.So I'm giving Couch Tomato 3 stars instead of 5 because of my last 2 recent visits.
CT used to be my Go-To spot for any salads, wraps, or sometimes even pizza.  Their prices are a bit higher, but worth it for me because of the large portions, and extremely fresh products.  Also to note, I have only eaten in once (before the dine in was complete), and I usually take out.
The last 2 times I have ordered from there, have been disappointing.  They missed part of my order, and when I got home, I wasn't in the mood to drive back.  The most recent order (about 2.5 weeks ago) really took the cake, and I don't think I will be returning for a while.
I called ahead to place and order, and when I go in, like anyone else, I expect to pay, grab a back sitting there waiting for me, and be on my way.  Well last time I went to pick up my food, I was literally in there for 20-25 minutes!!!  There was 1 couple in front of me ordering, so I patiently waited.  Granted, I think not only was it the couple's first time in CT, it was probably their first time in the country, and maybe their first time ordering food.  There was only one guy basically doing everything (working the register, making the food, warming up the pizza) and a non-english speaking individual making salads.  There was probably 5-7 other that I could see, but non of them bothered to help.  So after they finish ordering this same guy starts putting slices in the over, bagging some of their items, etc, etc...  So now 17-18 mins later, he asks me what I'd like, and I tell him I am picking up, and he rings me up, taking a whole 15 seconds.  he then goes to the back (I am assuming to grab my food), but i see him start making food again.  As I am STILL standing at the register, he then comes back to me and tells me he rung me up but forgot to hand me my bad of food, which was just sitting there the entire time.
So now I'm already furious because i called ahead, and had to wait 25 minutes for what could of been a 30 second process.  When we get home to eat the salads, the lettuce is brown, and half rotten.  The apples in the smokey sweet salad were also brown and discolored.  We asked for light on the sunflower seeds for the Greek Salad, and were charged extra for them!  The damn salad comes with Sunflower seeds!
After the last experience, I probably will not return, but prior to then, I was there about once a week, and it was delicious.  I just hope they don't go down the big business path of low quality now that they are gaining popularity.even though they were out of vegan cheese (i'm lactose intolerant, so it's not a lifestyle choice but a health-necessity that i don't eat cheese/dairy), the service was amazing!  
Chicken and Waffles- the whole plate wasn't brown, but it was damn good anyway
Mussels- they gave me extra bread! 
Bruschetta- yummy, and weird, but yummy.My regular go to for excellent pizza. It's delicious, and they have great gluten free options. They also keep the menu fresh, and I've enjoyed the seasonal pizzas for a change.  
Couch tomato has spoiled takeout anywhere else, as it's hard to find such great tasting food with high quality ingredients and fair prices. And, 99% of the time their staff is really great.
I have been a regular, ordering here at least twice a month for the past few years.  Recently, they've had a few growing pains, perhaps their expansion to west Chester has thrown off their focus (e.g., I received a delivery with one wrong pizza, and two burnt.  The staff on the phone denied making the pizza incorrectly or that t was burnt, but sent out a replacement. I hope this was a one time hiccup and that they can keep up their quality, because I love their pizza!)The food is fresh and you can taste that. They have a lot of menu items to choose from! The best pizza I have had so far is Florentine and it is usually on discount !The Couch Tomato is the best delivery/take out option in Manayunk. It's so nice to be able to create your own salads, wraps, and pizzas. They're always fresh and use creative ingredients that you can't find elsewhere.very unique pizza. Everyday they have new slices to choose from-Bacon cheeseburger pizza, buffalo,great white. Are the bestI have used this place for catering many many times.  The staff is very nice and accommodating and they are always gracious if there are last minute orders.  The pizza and salads are a big hit.  They lost a star because the desserts tend to be a little dry and flavorless.Couch Tomato was one of those places that we ordered from pretty much bi-weekly when working at Philadelphia University. I was never really a fan of the pizza, there was one drunk visit where they got my order (the last slice of plain for the day) somehow lodged in their rotating oven. Though they refunded me and apologized for the inconvenience it was a sad moment in my life. I somehow managed to get over it, and began ordering from them again with my co-workers at the college. I'm glad that I put the pizza incident behind me because I became a salad addict, back then my favorite was one they dubbed "Strawberry Fields"...I don't know which I liked more, the name or the combination of fresh strawberries and goat cheese. These days I pledge my allegiance solely to the "Buffalo Soldier" to which I order in my sing-songy faux rasta voice.Kickin chicken sandwich is delicious! It is big so great for leftovers for lunch the next day. Avocados are very ripe and fresh tasting and the chipotle sauce is to die for. Also grilled cheese and tomato bisque combo is a great alternative and the bread is perfect for dipping. I recommend getting either sandwich and you won't be disappointed!Love this place best gluten free pizza around. However I recently got my graduation party catered by here. Would never do it again. They messed up our order. We even order gluten free chicken parm which they assured us they could do but only gave us plain grilled chicken breasts. After they delivered our order we called back to tell them it was wrong and never got an answer or call back(we called 3 times). Other then this terrible catering experience their food is still good.I have given several very good reviews to both the Couch Tomato Cafe and Bistro. It is absolutely one of my favs and I have been going to both establishments since they opened. Have to add another dimension to my previous reviews. They now deliver. My husband and I are both in our seventies and he sometimes has a difficult time getting around so we are limited in eating these places. Tonight I was able to enjoy their great food since they deliver in my neighborhood. Thank you Craig and Michael. You made my day. As always, everything was delicious, on time and hot.Came here after shopping my heart out at the consignment stores in the area,I ordered two pizzas, chicken parm and cheese. The staff is kind and tries to help out, but the pizza was just barely okay.. honestly a Papa Johns pizza would have tasted better.Can you say FRESH?!   OMG  thie place has the most amzingly fresh ingredients.  I had the Chicken chipotle salad that was big enough to feed a family of five.  The most amazing avacado ever!!!   I LOVED it.  They did a great job with y dining companions sandiches, however they lose a star for forgettingone.  I truly recommend this place.  I was blown away!What a great find! We've only been in to dine once so far, and got take out once, but will be back for sure. The food was yummy and the staff was super friendly and knowledgable. We ordered a panini and a salad. Sandwich was hot and full of flavor and the salad was perfect. Can't wait to try their pizzas next!Love their salads! I make my own but the best part is the fresh mozzarella! I also get their peppers, cranberries, almonds, roasted chicken, with the raspberry dressing. Can't tell you how much money I've spent on these during college at SJU living in manayunk!They have the best soup in Manayunk, not to mention the gourmet spin on their sandwiches. The tomato basil soup in amazing, and they have a two slice and a beer deal that is worth eating in for.This pizza is great!  I online order from the Couch Tomato and it's always ready when I get there.  The people that work in the Manayunk location are always in a good mood.  The pizza is thinner than other pizzas, but so good.  The salads here are excellent too.  Probably the best salads in the area.  And I don't usually order salads out.  But if you order here you have to at least get a side salad to try and fall in love :-) 
Only complaint- one to go parking spot outside the cafe.  And in a weird alley if you are driving.Yum -- Awesome food with a nice hippy vibe!  Can't go wrong here.This is one of the "old stand-by's" when I order out for a quick meal with my girlfriend. They have healthy options along with indulgent options. It is priced fairly, but I wouldn't say it is inexpensive.  The menu is large and the portions are generous.  They do deliver, but it is usually very slow.  I love their style, decor, cleanliness and overall attitude in the place.  I don't think this place "nails" it every time, but they are very consistent.  The simple approach of trying to offer something healthy is a big plus to me.   It remains one of my favorites on Main Street.Ok, so I haven't yelped much recently because school is dominating my life, but I feel my Couch Tomato experience has ruffled my feathers enough to have me dis it a bit. 
1. It's 4:45 on a Sunday. No one is in there. Somehow it takes me 30 minutes to get my small salad. Hand me the damn thing. I can see it sitting there. 
2. Plastic wrapping in my salad, really?  I thought that was something I've only had happen at Applebees. Good thing I wasn't a child and didn't choke on it.  I only saw it cos it was a gigantic piece. 
3. Random green peppers accidentally in there. NOT OK. I hate those things. F'ing watch where your ingredients fall if you're going to call yourself such wonder of fresh ingredients and service with a smile. 
That's two strikes in one trip CT. TWO. Shape up, or you're gonna lose a customer that comes in a lot, and in desperate need of delicious food.Very fresh, organic, honest ingredients. I can get a salad from this place after the gym and not feel guilty after. On a more comfort food side, their grilled cheese and tomato soup platter is amazing! A tad pricey menu-wise but you really get a lot of great food for the money. Blows any fast food restaurant out of the water, and is perfect for those nights when you want something fast and don't want to cook. I will continue to order from this place as long as I live close by!We love this place and get their takeout on a regular basis now.  I get their regular pizza, which is delicious (and being from NY, I have high standards for pizza!).  My husband gets the gluten-free pizza, which is the best gluten free pizza we've found yet! The salads are also great, and the staff is always very friendly and accommodating.  Definitely recommend it!I do enjoy pizza all around and i understand the wait time for one if its busy but this wasnt the case today. Today i had my puppy tag along, sat outside and watched everyone in the restaurant leave so i knew i was lucky cause it wpuldnt take a crazy long time to grab my food. Not only did it take almost 10 minutes to get my drink but close to a half hour to get my food. Amd wow was this food something far from good. There were what looked like four slices. I tasted one,  wasnt too happy but, since i was hungry and had just payed too much for this pizza, i settled for it.  When i got to the 4th slice it wasnt even a slice it was a pile of tomatoes and cheese and i was kinda upset bc i was still hungry and there wasnt a slice there for me....Had the barbecue chicken pizza and it was sooooo good!!! Came fresh out of the oven and the sauce was tangy but flavorful. I've also had the chipotle chicken salad which was fresh and great flavor. I'll be back!Yum!!! Fresh hearty sandwich and the fresh lemonade is soooo good. I have not been here for the evening menu but the lunch is great.The food was good.  I will definitely stop by for a quick eat when I'm in the neighborhood.  I'm just not doing flips over it being the bestI LOVE this place. I am a frequent flyer to say the least. I am huge on wraps and they have more options for toppings and dressings than any other salad/sandwich place I've been to, and with reasonable prices! I can always create something different, my only complaint being that I'm too indecisive to pick from all of the awesome choices (my go-to are the pears though!). I've also had a couple of their pizzas, also delicious! I always do a whole wheat crust, but aim to try a different combo every time I order. And lastly, the soups and all-natural sodas are superb :)Been going to Couch Tomato for years and its consistently fresh and tasty. I'm partial to the pizza but my wife always enjoys the salads. Love that they serve craft beer now.  Outdoor seating is a plus.