Ok I know my review is going to go against the grain. But having lived in a place where latin food (Cuban, Colombian, Peruvian, Venezuelan, etc) is the staple, Tierra Colombian comes up short in so many ways.
They offer Colombian and Cuban cuisine. It may well be the "best Colombian and Cuban food you will find in Philadelphia," but that doesn't mean it is good.
The beef dishes were tough and tasteless. The fish was overcooked and dry. The Churrasco...PLEASE! And worst of all, the pork had no flavor at all! 
In Miami this place would be a definite pass it by. Although the desserts were fairly good across the board. Try nearby El Balconcito, or Sazon on Spring Garden, for latin food done better. But I'm still in search of good Cuban in Philly. Forward any suggestions.
I haven't been to the nightclub portion of this place, but if the crowd is right I've no doubt the place can be a blast! And yes, the neighborhood is a bit dodgy-but don't let that be the reason you don't go.I started with an amazing passion fruit mojito which set my expectations high. I ordered the ropa vieja and my friend had the stuffed chicken from the Dominican menu. Both were absolutely delicious. Nothing was too salty but had plenty of the right spices and seasoning. I recommend both dishesBe ready to wait a little over 10 - 15 minutes to just get your first drink. Poor attention. Food was ok butvreally, the lack of service made it ackward. Also, be ready to be charged 15% gratuity, even if it is only 2 of you.If it's just two of you it's best to eat at the bar.  Our service was slow and extremely amateur.  Because it was late when we arrived (well late for us -- around 9:30 and we were starving) I ordered drinks and the meal when the server arrived.   The water and bread and menus arrived immediately but the appearance of the server was delayed 10 to 15 minutes.  Not a good start.   Then my biggest fear materialized when the drinks never showed up and are food arrived first (in about 15 minutes).  The bar was beyond (two basic margaritas) but 15 minutes?   The food is also extremely "heavy" and after about 1/4 of the way through it I took the food home (it was oddly good the next day so plan on having enough for 2 or 3 meals afterwards if that's your thing).  Overall I would suggest stopping in for a drink and a snack at the bar unless you're part  of a big party where you're probably get better service.My first Colombian dinning experience was slightly disappointing.
It's so tough to judge food you're so unfamiliar with. Therefore, my rating is solely based on my initial impression on the quality of the food.
I ordered the Masa de cerdo (cubes of pork with cassava, Cuban tamale, plantains and black rice). The plantains were tasty. Tamale was plain tasting to me. Rice was okay. The pork were very dry and non-tender to say the least.
Appetizers: Shrimp empanada was good but didn't blow me away. 
Drinks: Passion fruit mojito was delicious. Margarita was just okay but very generous size.
Overall, very interesting place in a very sketchy neighborhood. Watch out where you park your car. You might not see it again if you're not careful.Love the appetizer! Especially the bread and butter! So full before the rest of the food came out.I have only ever been here for breakfast, but it's my favorite breakfast spot in Philadelphia.  I like to get gallo pinto, which is sometimes on the menu and sometimes not, but they bring it if I ask for it: rice, black beans, sweet fried plantains, avocado, fried cheese, and steak.  And coffee.  That costs around ten dollars.
Sometimes I get arepas,which are corn cakes with cheese.  By the way, the same people operate the expensive restaurant Mixto on Pine Street.  If you like Mixto, you will like Tierra Colombiana.   The menu is the same.  The food is the same.  The prices are half.  Arepas at Mixto, $2.50 for two.  Arepas at Tierra Colombiana, $0.50 each.  They are the same arepas.
They have a full bar.  Sort of.  I made the mistake of ordering bourbon.  There was a long conversation over by the bar while they tried to figure out what it was.  Eventually the waitress came back.  She was very polite.  "Sorry, we don't have bourbon."  I realized my dumb mistake.  This is a Cuban-Colombian restaurant; of course they do not have bourbon.  Duh.  I ordered brandy instead.
If you speak English, it is possible that you will be the only customer there speaking English.  Remember to smile and say "gracias".
Addendum 20091005: Brought the five-year-old here for breakfast on Friday,  She was very excited to be going to Daddy's secret breakfast place.  Got gallo pinto again, this time with steak.  The kid also ordered bacon, which turned out to be some of the best bacon I've ever had: thin, perfectly crisp, salty and flavorful.  And we got arepas (cheesy polenta cakes), which I love.
But I'm really writing in because I had Cafe Cubano for the first time.  This is espresso infused with a lot of cream and brown sugar.  Wow.  Heavenly.  Suddenly I'm a Cubano addict.
Gallo pinto, plus dos arepas, bacon, cafe Cubano, cafe con leche, and hot chocolate all totalled about $21.  Then we took home half the food and ate it later.delicious! so glad a coworker shared this place with me. i can't wait to bring more friends here and get the center city dwellers to get over the shock of going north of Girard ;)
excellent sweet plantains and black beans. tried the mango margarita (too salty for me), and the red sangria (much better; sweet and filled with cut up fruit).One of my favorite restaurants in the Philadelphia area! I always come for the pernil and the maduros.  Unfortunately I moved further away so when I get to go it is a treat! Great portion sizes, friendly staff, and awesome food!  If you get a chance, go go go.Incredible meal. Got strip steak. Cooked to perfection. Worth the drive to NYC PhiladelphiaTierra colombiana is honestly the best Latin food I have had in philadelphia. I've been here so many times. The staff is courteous,  the food is really delicious, the decor of the restaurant is really cozy and nice. I come here with the same two people all the time , because I swear we're like the only three people in this city that are insanely addicted to this place. I have only had one bad experience with the service at Tierra colombiana and that was because the waiter was New and inexperienced. I forgot to mention the prices are very reasonable and the food is very authentic Latin food.An Oasis in Philly! Another one of the spots in my life where I've never had a bad meal. Tierra NEVER disappoints. We usually get some empanadas to start. I prefer the beef, with the off the hook salsa they put on the table that has a mighty kick, but so flavorful with lemon and cilantro.  I've tried the cheese,  chicken and crab which are scrumptious too. Also,  complimentary fried bread is immediately put on your table. My main staple is usually the Argentine Churrasco. A skirt steak with stupendous chimichurri sauce. Your choice with it;  red or black beans? Yellow or white rice? Plantains? ... it's all good! I've had the Ropa Vieja, Lechon/Pernil, and tastes of other goodies,  which I've enjoyed,  but I usually stick with my Churrasco. My wife's staple is the Arroz Con Pollo, Cubano style. Consistently amazing as I usually delve into the leftovers as the portion is generous and great the next day. The service is amazing and friendly with servers that care and remember you. My water glass is never empty.  Even in a busy,  congested area of Philly, I've never had a problem parking as you are allowed to park directly across the street at the Rite Aid. I believe they have a security guard that patrols in the evening.     
Two words for dessert... Tres Leches. Never been to Tierra Columbiana? It's time!Made a reservation on Saturday morning  for that night, when I arrived the hostess told me, that they don't take reservation on the same day, however when I spoke with the lady she confirmed my reservation on that night. When we arrive she had me waiting an hour so she can get me a table also my server was not very helpful taking my order, at the end he ver explained that the gratuities was included in the bill, so I ended up leaving him a 40% tip without me knowing. I was expecting a better night at Tierra Colombians I feel like is not as great as it used to be..Had lunch there this afternoon with husband & daughter and was very disappointed! Despite the rough neighborhood Tierra was always known as one of the best places among Latinos for some good Spanish food but my visit today was disappointing because of the Paella Marinera. I remember getting a lobster tail split in half, mussels, clam, shrimp and pieces of crab  cooked to perfection in the past. Todays dish was just disappointing, $42 for a portion for 2 which had 1 crab claw, dried up mussels (many of them did not open), there were plenty of clams and lobster knuckles. The dish was over cooked and over priced. The lobster stuck to the shell and mussels were old. Definitely was not worth the price when I called the manger over and explained he said they had the same chef for years and he would discuss it with him. Needless to say, we did not see him again so long and short I will take my money some where else. Such a shame because this use to be a place I would brag to all friends about.
To end on a positive note, I spent $152.00 of which they automatically allow themselves 18% gratuity which normally I have no problem with and our waiter was a sweetheart who recommended a awesome Dominican Salmon to my daughter, so he earned his tip!Just to say that I would move to philladelphia just to be close to this restaurant!.
When I use to study at edison Highschool I use to go here with my sister like every 2 weeks and i absolutly loved it!.... 
For my birthday all i wanted as a gift was to go to this place.
im dying to go back to philly just to go to this restaurant.
The enviroment is great. The service is super! And was the place it self is so traditional. It makes me feel like if i just took a flight to colombia it self.
When i go i always order arroz con pollo with selvesa. thats rice with chicken cooked with a hint of beer. 
Once I went & there was the cutest most buffed waiters serving me and my sister the food. && they was so nice to us! We even got a special dish on the house.( Come on!! im a sweet heart! lol)
I would so recomend this place to anybody. 
this place is a MUST!!!
Its approved by Catherine Galan 
the pickiest critict yet known :)This place has always been amazing. If you're in the mood for great Latin food, great Latin vibe and great prices then this is your spot! ! This place had been around for a while and keeps bringing it. There is a club upstairs that is pretty decent and a lot of fun. Go wIth a group of people so you can share your dishes and try different ones. It is Colombian and Cuban food.Very big portions and yummy! Authentic Latin food and it tastes great. Got the pollo relleno and it was huge haha they also give generous portions of side dishes that come with the main entree. The free bread is butter and savory as wellResponsibly priced. My husband, daughter and I came here for the first time today. I had fried pork chops and white rice and beans. My husband and daughter had steak with white rice and beans or French fries. Also as appetizer we had potato ball with ground beef.for drinks, strawberries shake,guava shake, coffee and moijito. Everything was delicious and service fast. Waiter that served us was helpful and kind. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Latin and Caribbean food.  Can not say anything more... I will be back....I love the atmosphere inside.  The food is excellent and the mojitos are so darn delicious!  Loved the bread you get at the table.  For my entree, I had the Dominican salmon....to die for.  The combination of the sweet plantain with the creamy sauce on the salmon was incredible.  I also tried their ceviche, which was good as well.
Can't wait to go there again and try more yummy deliciousness.My first visit was with a friend (his second time) around lunch about a week ago and the food was great. Parking was tricky but I don't live too far away so I'm used to the street parking. The basket of warm bread/bums was good while we waited for our food. So I tried the Gallo Pinto and it looked and tasted great, plus it came with avocado which I love! And my friend got something similar but his was more meaty even though it was still pretty healthy. The only thing, my grilled chicken was a bit too dry, eggs were undercooked when I asked for well and we did wait a while for our food but it worked out since we were catching up. However, I still enjoyed it and the place has a very cozy feel to it. Its interesting that there is a night club upstairs, but overall a large enough place to have no worries about getting a table. Wonderful place and I will be back to try their other selections.Came here early in the year on the advice of a friend. Their portions are generous and they offer a wide variety of Latin dishes. During the weekend their second floor converts to a dance club. I've heard great things about it though haven't experienced it for myself. However the size alone of this venue would have me believe that it's worth checking out. The only cons is the neighborhood with its limited parking and the sketchy crowd that visits here during late night hours.Food and service was A1!! This was better than most of the 5 star upscale places I've been. This is definitely my new favorite place. Try the skirt steak. It's was the best I've ever tasted. SuperbGreat food and great service. 
Nice atmosphere and facilities. I'll be back, God willing. 
Wait not to long for Saturday,  Mother's Day weekend,  5 p.m.Vegetarian platter is amazing, lots of delicious choices.  most of the time they give you a little of everything,  FOOD COMMA amounts of food.  do not leave without trying or bringing home a piece of their tres leches cake.I hadn't been here in a few yrs. but it was a most unpleasant experience this go around. The waiter got my order incorrect & then told me what he gave me is what I ordered. I couldn't explain it in Spanish, so I had to have him give me the menu again, so I could show him. Meanwhile my date is eating I had to wait 15 minutes more to get a hot plate of food. The Sangria was so weak. Never again!I travel for a living and this is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere!!  The chicken soup is out of this world.  Love the pernil, the churasco and everything else we've tried there.  Normally busy, but worth the wait!  The staff is fabulous and work hard to make sure you have everything you need.  Love this place...can't wait to get back!!!great place for groups. have awesome drinks for happy hour and the food is just AMAAAZING!! have a HUGEEEEE dinner menu, with everything so delicious! i got thier meat platter (with beans and rice), which was excellent. Also went there for brunch, where they serve plantains and spicy sauce to go with your omelet. def recommend it :)Great Cuba and Colombian fare.  Best spot in the neighborhood for a business meeting or date."Cuantas personas? Cual es su nombre?" You know a Latin place is going to be good when the hostess automatically assumes you speak Spanish (or doesn't care if you don't). Good thing my Spanish was passable enough for me to not feel like a complete idiot. 
Yes, the area is sketchy, with shady characters hanging around on most corners outside. And yes, they will stare at you if you don't look Latino, particularly if you are a woman unaccompanied by a male. But the restaurant itself is well-lit on the outside, relatively classy and full of people on the inside, and it's like stepping into a nice (by Latin American standards) restaurant somewhere in Latin America. So park in the Rite-Aid lot across the street (the restaurant says you're allowed to) and make a run for the door. 
The food is decently priced at around $12 for most entrees. I had the churrasco Argentino which was delicious, but a juicy steak grilled medium-rare is pretty difficult to screw up. My dining companions didn't seem to find their carne asada quite as delicious. The food in general seemed somewhat unrefined, not exactly sophisticated or exceptional. However, it's pretty good for what it is: basic Latin food in fair portions for a reasonable price. I will be back at some point for the tres leches. Hasta entonces... tres estrellas.I'm sad to say that this place is not as great as it use to be.  I've been going here for the past 6 years and the food is just not as great as before.  The food is good just not fresh.  The octopus salad is pretty good, but sometimes I question the quality of seafood.  I tried the seafood paella which was decent but the mussels used throughout the rice was fishy and a overload.
Tres leche and churrascho Argentino are two solid food items that you can never go wrong with!Cuban, Colombian, and Dominican favorites from the same people who own Mixto in Center City -- this is some high-end barrio food, folks.
The place starts off with great details: grilled bread at the table, Colombian coffee with milk, chimichurri hot sauce for everyone with heat on the front of the tongue before it moves to your throat. My ropa vieja wasn't too spicy but still red and flavorful, and the sizzling-plate bistec was impossibly tender.
The price points are kind of high -- $13 for basics, $40 for multi-protein entrees -- but consider that most meals come with a choice of rice, a choice of beans, and a choice of plantains/cassava/fries. Even if it takes you a second sitting at home to finish, you won't just eat TC's food, you'll demolish it.
(There's also an attached club, if you're interested in getting your Latin swerve on.)Nice atmosphere I've been here a couple of times and love their food but have noticed the portions getting smaller and the price higher. The drinks are strong and the staff is very friendly. Make sure you look at your check before leaving a tip because  They do put a 15%  gratuity to every check.We all know Colombian food is very diverse - each region of the country having its own characteristic dishes. Happy to say the food here is versatile, rich, full of flavor, colorful and moderately priced!I didn't eat here. I have heard the food was good. I went for dancing. If you are going to go here go with a bunch of your friends because the guys do not ask! I went with 4 other girls and there were tons of guys around just bopping to the music. I finally asked them to dance and they say yes, but they don't ask the girls. So, if you want to have a good time then bring guys of your own. Otherwise, the music was fine. It gets crowded but that's always good. The line can be long to get in and there's a mandatory coat check ($2). Don't let the neighborhood and metal detectors scare you, everyone is nice inside.Very, Very good, authentic Latin America Food. I ordered a Red Snapper with Plantains and Potatoes, yellow rice and black beans. Very, very good. Also, I have to say... I ordered the best Margarita I have ever drank in my life. Hands down. If I lived in Philly, I would eat here at least once a week. Very good food and great service.Very bad service. Food is good but we had to wait about one hour to get the drinks let alone the food took longerThis food is fantastic!  I would not have thought to venture to this neighborhood for fine dining, but this restaurant came highly recommended by a friend.  I was not disappointed.  I ordered the arroz con chorizo, which also came with delicious beans and plantains.  The servings are very generous, so I can look forward to some leftovers as well!  I was able to try a bit of the salmon too, which was cooked to perfection.
There is a connection between this restaurant and Mixto in Center City.  I am fairly certain it is the same owner.  While Mixto has a more "center city chic" atmosphere, the menu is very similar and more reasonably priced at TC.  If you live in center city, TC is worth the trip.  If you live outside of the city and enjoy Columbian food, this is a great option for great dining and you do not have to worry about parking.  Also, the mojitos rocked!Their food used to be really good. Unfortunately, if you're black and don't speak Spanish, the only customer service you will get will be horrible. I hadn't had their food in a while and was in the neighborhood recently and decided to call ahead and order Salmon with yellow rice, red beans and sweet plantains. 
When I went to pick it up, the servers kept walking past the bar (mind you, I'm the only person in line) and asking the other patrons who had already been served if they needed anything else. Finally a woman asks me how she can help me. I told her I was there to pick up an order and when she finally brings my food out and I get home, the order is incorrect. They did give me salmon but with white rice and no sweet plantains. 
In retrospect, they must have known what they were doing because the lady who was ringing me up looked nervous when I untied my bag to readjust it (maybe she thought I was going to check the order). The food tastes alright enough, but now I remember why I stopped going there.Yes, yes, yes, go there. the food is great, the staff is great. it helps if you speak or read spanish but english will do. my husband usually takes me there to make me happy. love their frijoles negros, yucca, ensalada, and the fresh juices are so yummy and the coffee is so good as well!  go there, you will love it.I've heard a lot about Columbiana's from co-workers and finally gave it a shot. Wish I hadn't waited so long! Steak was very flavorful and plantains sweet. Definitely helpful with the menu also being in English. Also a wide variety of Latin American cuisine. I'll definitely be back.In my book this is the best nightclub in the city if you love latin music. I prefer to go on Saturdays. The crowd is less tense and everybody is looking for a good time. Dj Safarii is the resident DJ and is a fantastic, fantastic DJ. He mixes bachata, merengue, salsa and some good house and trance music.
There is a giant dance floor in the middle which can fit over 1,000 people. The lighting in the club is great and there are two bars on the outsides of the dance floor. It is never too crowded nor impossible to get a drink. Drinks are reasonably priced.
The place tends to stay open past 2 normally between 2:30-3am. While it is in a bad neighborhood there is constant security around the club/restaurant, the crowd on Saturday night are older late 20s-early 30s all looking to dance and have a good time. The perfect place to end your night if you're looking to dance!
All of the normal tendencies you see at nightclubs do not apply here. You don't have to worry about the braggadocios machismo guy looking to pick fights and look tough; The bartenders who are more interested in finding the drunkest chick in the club/bar than serving you drinks and the overpriced everything that comes along with the clubbing experience. It is good drinks, great music, a relaxed crowd and great atmosphere.Went here on a Thursday night. The vibe was nice, couples, families, and a few groups celebrating birthdays with a moderate noise level. The service was quick and the food and drinks were very good. They have an extensive menu. I think everyone can find a dish they will enjoy here. We had both the Columbian and the Cuban style arroz con pollo, and the Salmon a la parilla. Everything was absolutely delicious. The rice was cooked and seasoned perfectly as was the salmon. The fried yellow plantains were delish, and the red beans accompanying the rice were hearty, with a little kick--um um good. All of the drinks were excellent, no skimping on the alcohol. I would definitely order the passion fruit mojito again. There was a spicy relish that came with the complimentary bread at the start of our meal that was very spicy. I like spicy, but this almost knocked my socks off. I hadn't been to Tierra in years, but the food is still as delicious as it has always been. Will return soon.Cuban is the best!! The pork our so tender and the bread is toasted to perfection. They give you this hot sauce on the side that is the bomb.  I'll definitely be back to dine in since I took my food to go for the ambiance I observed while I waited for my order.I have to say, you are a very lovely lady, Ms. Colombiana. They way you let me into your home, and cater to my every need with extraordinary service, wow. Everything you bring to the table you choose to seat me at, is warm, fresh, and filled with vibrant colors. My favorite dish you make is the Bandeja Tipica, you know the one that brings corn patties, eggs, sausages, and so much more I can't even remember. Listen, I'm not going to make this a long message, I love your food and everything else about you. You live in a neighborhood where creativity, professionalism, and taste is becoming scarce, but you bring it all baby. You are a treasure hidden in these north philly streets, I love you.Great Spanish food! Although, our lobster in our paella was obviously frozen (it stuck to the shell). The rest of our meal was great. Get the mofongo con camarones.Food was great. Got a Costa Rican bandeja. Included pork chops, rice, beans, eggs, macaroni , stew potatos and a salad. The price was amazing. Ate all this for 16.00. However the service was horrible. Food came out fast, but the waiter messed up a couple times. He looked as he wasn't trained properly. Was not even asked if I wanted water. My appertizer came out real late. Was highly upset about that. 
Food was amazing! Service Sucks! Atmosphere was ok. 3 stars is fine.I FINALLY made it to this place! The service was good, I got the Viejo Ropa, black bean soup, and a strawberry smoothie with milk. The brisket was too tough for me but everything tasted good.The food is great but the service is terrible and then on the bill they charge you 18% so you have no choice but to give a good tip for bad service. I've been coming to this place for years for the food but the service is what keeps me away. It doesn't change, its bad every single time I visit. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, always the same. Your seated immediately, the waiter doesn't show up for 15-20 minutes, you order and you don't see her for another 30 minutes. Then she shows up to tell you the food is coming, when the food arrives you never see her again. Every time, we have to wave someone to bring our waiter for our check. It never fails. This has been the same routine for years in this restaurant.I ordered over the phone and was told my order would be ready in 25 mins. I gave them an extra 10 mins extra so I got there 35 mins later only to find my meal wasnt ready. I waited about 10 mins at the register before anyone even attended to me and when they did, they said my food would take only 1 mins or so to be ready. 15 mins later I was still waiting. Then I asked another waiter who said just 2 mins left and I still waited another 6 to 7 mins. Basically it took over an hour from when I ordered. They should have told me the meal would take an hour to get ready instead of saying 25mins.
Anyway when I finally got to eating; it was salty and a bit of sand in the seafood paella. Even in my extreme state of hunger having missed brkfast n lunch that day, I still didnt find the meal tasty. Needless to say; I wont be going back.What a funny bit of irony that I was sitting with my co-worker, Liz, waiting anxiously to leave work for a happy hour at Tierra Colombiana, passing the time by reading to her old yelp reviews of mine only to realize that despite being to Tierra numerous times I have never written a yelp review!  How very unlike me!
Tierra has been a favorite happy hour destination among my coworkers and I've always had a nice time there so I was looking forward to the outing. We had a group of about 10 of us and I was happy that (perhaps thanks to our last minute reservation) that they were able to seat us quickly and if the waiter was overwhelmed by our large group he didn't show it.  He was overall fairly attentive, although there were a couple of times when I was absolutely parched and could have done with a round of water refills but alas for a large group he did a good job.  (Until the check came.  I'll get to that later.)
We arrived during happy hour so most of us ordered the $6 margaritas.  I am glad that they have a happy hour at all, however, I would like to note that $6 for the drinks and small appetizers isn't exactly an amazing deal.  I had a peach margarita and sampled many other flavors ordered by my associates and all were very, very tasty.  I wasn't starving so for food I just ordered a couple of small things to be split with others at the table--an empanada and pastelillo (and something else which he never ended up bringing me or charging me for which was annoying but I was actually so full that I didn't even want it so it worked out fine...)  The pastelillo was not like the ones I'm used to and I didn't really like the flavoring.  The empanadas and everything else I sampled from other people's meals was very tasty.  Lots of good flavors.  Prices for the smaller appetizer items aren't too bad but full meals are pretty expensive by my standards.  The food is good, though, so I guess if you aren't cheap like I am it might be worth it.
I am a complete control freak when it comes to splitting checks in big groups.  With the help of my accounting assistant, Liz, I carefully calculated to the cent what each person owed including tax and tip and wrote it extremely clearly for him on the back of the receipt.  One person contributed $40 in cash which could have easily been taken as the tip to make processing the cards easier.  Instead I have no idea what he did but he put a tip on each card, charging everyone more than he was supposed to.  It was shady and ultimately too much work to even correct.  So god only knows what was charged on my card but it definitely was at least a $1 more than what I very clearly wrote for him to charge to the card.  Jerk.  Next time I'll be bringing cash.As far as Latin clubs go, I would avoid this one if you're looking for legit salsa, bachata, or merengue. Went on a Saturday night and while they did play that type of music earlier on, we were the only ones dancing. Around midnight they started pumping the reggaeton and regular club music, and people finally started dancing in the form of twerking and grinding. 
The nightclub itself would be pretty cool for the aforementioned twerking/grinding if you're into that kind of thing. But the $10 cover for both guys and gals is pretty steep for a sketchy neighborhood in the middle of nowhere. 
We also ate at the restaurant, and they've definitely jacked up their prices while the food remains decent but mediocre. Also, the tres leches is pretty unimpressive. Pass.Just went here last night and I'm already wanting to go back for breakfast! This place was packed on a saturday night (as expected), but it only took approximately 10 minutes to get seated. While waiting to get a table, my cousin and I sat at the bar, just looking over the menu and there's a customer listing recommendations to us! Love the environment because everyone's so friendly and it feels very homey there. 
Drinks: the mango margaritas were delicious! It's very worth it to get a pitcher. Their sangria was great too
Food: I LOVE the buttered bread and spicy salsa that they give you when you first sit down at the table. My cousin and I basically filled up on that while waiting for our entree because it took a while, but their portions were generous and the pricing is fair! 
Definitely will come back when I get a chance! Thanks Esperanza for serving us!
*By the way, parking is available at the rite aid directly across the street, so you don't have to circle around the neighborhood to look for parking!Worst service. Hostess was lifeless and rude. We made reservations for 4 and when we arrived, notified that one person in our party couldn't make it. The hostess said that they don't make reservations for just 3 people so we were added to the end of the waiting list. What?! They couldn't even accommodate us? Ridiculous. Takes a while for any of the servers and bartenders to greet or acknowledge you. We waited at the bar and was not greeted by the bartenders for a long time, even though they made all the drinks in front of us and even made eye contact with us a few times! Food was good but the service really kills this place.I've been eating here for the past 4 years. The food never disappoints me, always good (some dishes better than others) but what really brings down the rating with me is the service. The staff is friendly but the service or lack of is extremely disappointing. So far been sitting at the bar for 15 min w/out anyone taking my order. I have stopped coming to eat at the restaurant because despite the sucky service they will still charge you gratuity (no matter how big the party) so I just order my food to go. It's better to order your food for pick up beforehand or you'll be at the bar like me waiting for service :(Juniata, North Philly
I came here once because someone recommended the appetizers here. Didn't have time to stay. Little did I know this place had these amazing reviews and delicious pictures of fooooooooood! Must come back to try more and review the main course. Salivating!Visited here twice recently. The service is s-l-o-w. If you are at the bar or at a table, expect slow service. I ordered a drink at the bar and it took 10 minutes. I dined with work colleagues and then with family and it was the same. You get seated and a waiter shows up 15 minutes later. Food also takes a long while.
The food is fresh and delicious! My party ordered steaks which were juicy and flavorful. They opted for rice and black beans and crispy tostones as sides which were tasty. I got the Mofongo with Shrimp, a Puerto Rican inspired dish of mashed plantains with shrimp. They also have fantastic empanadas, cheese, chicken or beef. I also enjoyed the yucca that came on a dining partners meal. Delicious. We had a teenager with us and she was satisfied with wings and French fries. My Aunt ordered Chicken Soup and it looked delicious. Big hearty chunks of chicken with tons of vegetables and spaghetti style pasta. My Mom loved her tamale.
Neighborhood is very sketchy, but there is free parking in the Rite Aid across the street. The restaurant has their own security that patrols the lot.
Staff are all friendly and helpful. Perhaps they are overwhelmed and have too many tables because service is bad. Takes forever to get your bill and then forever again to flag down your server to pay.  Tip is also included on the bill. I guess they get a lot of cheap and/or rude clientele if they had to implement that.
Restaurant itself is very nice inside. Dimly lit and decorated gorgeously. Bathrooms were also clean and modernAll I can say is OMG. I am stuffed and the food was amazing. I can say enough about this restaurant. Plus I got a chance to try mofungo.Just went over today with a group of 4. First, we were approached by the waitress after 40 minutes for the drinks to the point that we asked for our order to be taken since we were ready after waiting that amount of time. The location was not at its fullest capacity therefore, no need to have waited that long to be approached by the waitress. Waited approximately another 40 minutes for the food. The food  is OK not bad. We ordered appetizers since we were there to have some drinks but wanted some appetizers and after 4 drinks and appetizers the bill came to $95. Wow pretty steep for a drink and appetizers.  Waitress did not approach as normal to ask if we needed anything. Unbelievable! We would have spent more but we were never approached.  Another thing I understand that they may have some people that perhaps may not leave the minimum gratuity  and they automatically add the gratuity but I wish they would communicate they add it to the bill to prevent from double tipping especially since the service was so horrible. Overall it was an OK experience but not worth going over again. I have known of people that has visited and feel they have been ripped off by their ways.Mmm... Tierra Colombiana! So fresh, so good, so fun to say its name. The entrees are good for the price, although the meat tastes kind of cheap... maybe I should go for things that are more stewed/long-time-cooked than not. The black beans, salsa and sweet plantains are amazing. Mixed together with rice and lemons - I would rather just get THAT for an entree.Very nice place! Authentic Spanish food with a few American dishes like buffalo wings on the menu. Drinks are very good as well - great size. I would definitely go back.I was on my way to get my hair cut early today, I was hungry then it popped up in my head ' Tierra Colombiana' yes, they serve breakfast..I oedered Gallo Pinto which consist of eggs, rice and beans, plaintains, and flat steak. It was a true he-man breakfast.If I can give them no stars, I'd be glad too!!! Service is HORRIBLE! It's so sad to see a place with amazing food for their staff to be as lazy and ignorant as they are here. If you aren't anything but Hispanic here, there's no point. You won't be served until 45 to an hour in. I couldn't even get a class of water without having to ask 15 different waiters just walking around. Honestly anyone could just get up and go without them even noticing. There are customers waiting for their food or for their service but they stand around the register in groups just talking and laughing at each other. You would call for a server and they just become oblivious to you. This is disappointing.Consistently delicious.  HUGE menu, small prices.  Love it.Went here for lunch today and it was absolutely amazing. The menu was huge and full of options for everyone in our party. My meal was delicious and the guacamole and plantain chips were on point. Would highly recommend and will absolutely be back!Despite the neighborhood the restaurant was pretty decent. When you walk in you feel like you're not in the hood and you walk into a different environment. It's filled with unique Hispanic individuals from the Philly area who join together and have fun. The music is popping and on weekends is where the fun is at. The food is great. I got the fried chicken with yellow rice, pinto beans and avocado. The only downside to it was the server. He was trying too hard to be nice (if that makes sense) and only checked up on me and my boyfriend once after we got our food and that was when we were finished eating. The fried chicken made me extra thirsty and my server wasn't anywhere to be seen. Overall, it was a unique experience.This place is such a mixture that it's hard to review.  But every chance I have, when I'm in the Philadelphia area, I try to stop by. Cuban, Colmbian; restaurant, bar, nightclub. It can be hit or miss, but when it hits, it really hits!
For example, on this last trip the simple things weren't quite right.  The empanadas de pollo were far spicier than they've every been.  So spicy that you couldn't really taste the sazon.  The maduros were mushy and not very sweet.  But the pulpo salad?? Amazing!  More octopus than all other salad toppings combined!  The churrasco Argentino was cooked to a perfectly juicy and flavorful medium.  The chimi was nice and bright.
The portions are always huge and the staff are warm and helpful.  There's always plenty of parking at the Rite Aid across the streetKinda far but this place is great. Great music both Latin and hip hop, we danced til the lights came on. Huge venue, bar service was quick, supposedly they close later than other clubs but I believe they closed around 2 or maybe 3? Who knows I was far to "happy" to notice the time.I wish I could give this place a higher rating. I've been here a bunch of times over the years. I like the idea of going out to eat in that kind of neighborhood. It's very different from my section of Philadelphia, and I like the diversity.
What keeps me coming back are the empanadas. They have a variety of great empanadas and the house made salsa on the side is the best ever. Now a days when I go there, I really just only order a bunch of empanadas and other assorted appetizers and a few beers and tequila shots. If you just stick with that you get a great meal and a few things to bring home.
Now for the negatives. Their paella is huge and it's a disaster. The seafood is all over-cooked and the rice is bland. There is absolutely none of that crusty goodness that is supposed to be at the bottom of the pan that you cook it in. The quality of the meat in their other entrees is also lacking. Cheap grisly cuts that are way overpriced.
The service is friendly, but really slow. It takes forever to get a drink in this place, so knowing that, I now order 2 rounds of beer and shots right off the bat. Otherwise experience has taught me, I'm going to wait 20 minutes for that next round. 
The other thing that really bothers me is that they automatically add a 15% tip to your bill even if you are one person. As a rule, I usually tip 20% and I take this as an insult. It probably shouldn't bother me so much, but after coming there for years, I don't add anything to their 15%.We love this place. normally go on a saturday night between 5:30 and 7 and it is ALWAYS crowed! We have had several item from the menu. If you get a typical plate that comes with eggs and you are not a fan of sunny side up eggs let your waiter know that you want your eggs well done. The table bread they serve is so buttery and good. They have good drinks and great soups. They also have a kid friendly menu. They do have a "cuban" sandwhich which they should leave to the cubans though!Food is still awesome! BUT- if you're someone who used to come here 5-10 years ago...the service has taken a nose dive for the worse.  All the servers horse around in the back until the manager shows up.  Visited on Friday 7/27 and our waitress Kate didn't even check on us!  We had to get a second drink from the bar ourselves and she forgot part of our order and we had to flag her over to remind her.  So food is 5 stars but service is 1 star.  It's sad because this used to be our go to neighborhood spot and now the servers do the bare minimum...with tips already included in your bill so your stuck with no recourse for poor servise!!! So sad how they've gone down!After much salivating I got my butt to this place to finally try their meal. First it's in a shady area but if you are just going to eat and peace out, then the area doesn't really affect anything.
Cool thing is that you can park in the rite aid lot across the street, that's a sense of safety that your vehicle is okay at least while you eat. They have guards in the lot who are there more or less to make sure stray people don't park there...they'll tow you with the quickness I'm sure.
I did make reservations 3days prior BUT for some reason when I got there, there was some miscommunication AS IF I never made reservations. It turned out okay because my party as accommodated nonetheless rather quickly. But I can't help but wonder what happened to my reservation despite the fact that I call even the morning off to confirm?
The place is def best for groups, it just has that atmosphere. The food is relatively inexpensive for the portion you get and everything was delicious. For a party we really just ordered 1 of the appetizer platters because the party trickled in but if everyone is there..I would recommend 1-2 of the appetizer platters because it has a lot included.
Drinks, I had the Caprihina. Just one cause I had another place to be and I needed to be sober to get there safely. My friend had one of their fresh juices.
I had the broiled snapper which was very good. Rarely do I eat fish that's cooked/grilled/broiled that has much flavor it of itself. Usually they pour some sauce on it to give it flavor. But the snapper here was just flavorful. My meal came with plantain and this huge ass side salad that looked like a meal itself. 
Just for future reference, if u are not going to eat the salad, ask them NOT to bring it because it was just wasted and now thinking bad, I felt bad. Don't waste food.
The only downside was that the waiter was a bit slow for the party. He had other customers but sometimes it took him too long to come back. We needed water refills and that took a while. Overall tho, they were gracious.
I would recommend this place to others. I def wanna go back to try their brunch menu, dessert menu & other things.
oh they have a club upstairs that starts pumping music around 9pmWent here today to have dinner with my family. It's very sad how horrible this place is now. It took 45 mins. for our drinks to come which were non- alcoholic so I really didn't understand that. Our food took another 40 mins to come  which was cold to the touch by the time it reached us. Our waitress was rude and didn't write our orders down as our orders were being placed and brought out the wrong food for one of the members in our party. I also didn't understand  how they added an automatic 30 dollar tip in with our bill when our waitress was horrible. Years ago this place was amazing, however now I can clearly see that this place is making so much money that they don't appear to care about customers anymore. Shame on you, because people work hard for their money and want to receive a great memorable dining experience. I won't be returning.Fantastic! One of my favorite dinner places. The Colombian tamale is an unknown gem. This ridiculously good food is a cornmeal outer part with meat and veggies inside. It's so delicious, you'll wonder why you hadn't had it sooner. Insider tip: eat it over a bed of white rice, just ask for a side of rice. The fruit smoothies are to die for and you can't go wrong with any dish from here. I mean that. I've been here more times than I can count and it's quality never slips. So so so goodA staple for excellent Spanish food, period. You won't be disappointed with anything on the menu. The flavor and freshness of all your favorite traditional meals can be found here. Literally, something for everyone, including the rookies. Great portions accompanied by great prices make it more than worth it. Their desserts are also delicious so leave room if you can. 
The popularity of the restaurant is a double edged sword of sorts. Obviously, it's a good sign because the food is excellent. But it also means that the restaurant is usually pretty full and a bit noisy. However, it typically doesn't take long at all for the friendly staff to find you a table. Come here for a vibrant atmosphere full of delicious bites and good conversation. 
Always difficult to find street parking, so just head right across the street to the Rite Aid, which accommodates the restaurant clientele, no worries.Solid margaritas, if you ask them to, they will make the margaritas from scratch, which is always a plus. And the food was delicious! We sat at the bar and enjoyed happy hour and dinner, we'll be back!this was good, the steak was the bomb, I had the bandija tipica, it was really filling, watch out for the hot sauce, I almost choked it was so hotGreat food this place is the real deal staff wise so so could be friendlierThis place is so good my mouth is watering just thinking about it!! I ate the lemon-butter chicken w/yellow rice, salad, red beans, & green plantains. They have this garlic sauce to dip the plantains in & it was so good I wanted to drink it! I had 2 mojitos at dinner that were nicely made (strength & decoration).The portions are big so I brought home 1/2 my dinner & ordered the better than anything cake for dessert, it was good but not great. The coffee with leche was a++, I wish I could order that every morning!We were a table of 12 on a Sunday evening. we 3 arrived after everyone else had eaten their appetizers. the waitress came after 10 mins and gave us a menu. She ignored the dirty dishes in front of us, took our drink orders but I had to find her so that we could give her our food orders.
The food arrived, fried chicken, 3 rice & a mango salad. The salad was  plate of spinach and a nasty dressing. We told the waitress the salad tasted bad and she never offered to bring something else, so we asked her to remove it from the bill. She then replied "I will have to ask the mgr" (a $8.50 salad, come on, really?) also we never did get the 3rd order of rice) she never came back to check that everything was ok or if we needed anything else) she was so slow, non apologetic and so NOT HELPFUL. It was noisy and we couldn't wait to get out. Terrible  experience !Been here at least 3 times now and loved it as always. I consider this a neighborhood gem as this place is always packed especially for dinner! This is in my favorite list!