My boyfriend and I went here on a whim on Friday night. We were pleased with the prices as well as the food. The curry we ordered wasn't as spicy as we wanted but the flavors were out of this world. The Naan bread was my favorite part. We never heard of this place before we just always past it walking by, and we're glad we stopped in. Cute little place, byob, great food and service.Continues to be a 3-star restaurant.  Went to Tiffin on Saturday afternoon.  Had the Baingan Bharta (spelling?), which is roasted eggplant with onion and tomato.  They offered me the lunch special.  Total cost was ~$10 (not including tip), which is a true bargain!  The food was great.  The lunch special comes with a vegetable samosa (not my favorite food, so I don't hold it against the restaurant).  The naan was good and the Baingan Bharta had whole cardamom seeds in it (yum).  
I wasn't impressed with the hostess' attire.  A sweatshirt and torn jeans are really not appetizing.  Still . . .  she was friendly.  It's the kind of restaurant where they leave you to eat in peace, which is very nice.Was excited to try Tiffin Bistro, as I had tried the Northern Liberties location before and liked it. Got the Cauliflower Bezule and Green Pea Kulcha to start. Would have much preferred it if the cauliflower had not been battered, as with the creamy sauce, the batter ended up making the cauliflower doughy. The Green Pea Kulcha was good with the chutneys but by itself, a little dry. For entrees, got the Gunpowder Scallops and Sri Lankan Fish Curry. The scallops were very tasty, rich, and the tamarind rice on the side was something I had never tried before. The flavors were good together. The Fish Curry was pretty good as well. Overall, our experience was pleasant. The interior is well done, and our server was attentive.Everything was completely delicious, and the wait staff was really pleasant. Two of us ordered three dishes, spent about $40, left stuffed AND with a full second meal's worth of leftovers. Hard to find Tiffin's prices anywhere else, especially when it's so good.I ordered the chicken Tiki masala. The red sauce was very sweet and was not spicy at all. Like a sweet pizza sauce almost. Chicken was also somewhat dry and overcooked. The appetizer however as well as the scallion chili naan bread and my friends dish all of were delicious so I'm still going to give this establishment four stars.A welcomed addition to the neighborhood.
Being a fan of Tiffin (at other locations), I was very excited to see one moving into our little corner of the world. 
I love the fact that Tiffin does take away, and dine in. They are a great option when one isn't in the mood for a grease bomb for dinner, al la cheese steak or pizza. I would, however, recommend dining in when opportunity presents itself.  The menu is slightly expanded for dine in, and one gets to experience the plating element of the meal. 
Lady Mary and I have tried most of the menu now, and let the restaurant get up and running before weighing in. To be honest, all the standouts are appetizers. Spicy Calamari, Eggplant, and the Prawns are all top notch. They are modern takes on very tradition Indian flavours, and done well at that. The entrees are generously portioned, but really never exceed 'fine'. I'm not sure if the approach is too careful, or if the result is actually the flavour profile the chef is shooting for. Either way, it could use more pop in my universe. It's Indian...where's the heat?
Service was very good. Our server was quick, and attentive, but didn't hover. 
The price point makes Tiffin all the more attractive. You can have a lovely date for $40...and it's B.Y.O. That makes Tiffin a solid 4 star no brainer. Urqhart Imperial stamp of approval.Full disclaimer I've never actually been here, only get it delivered. That being said I wish I could give this place more stars as the food is absolutely delicious but I've never ordered delivery here and waited less than an hour. Sometimes it takes so long I'm pretty sure I could get food from Mumbai faster. Up your delivery game!This place opened close by recently and I've already ordered here three times.  WHen we first dined here they just opened and the service wasn't so great but they were trying.  
Chicken tikka masala, awesome sauce, chicken was a little dry, wish they used thigh meat
Garlic naan, AWESOME, probably my favorite item there
Lamb and chicken kabob, pretty good, a little dry
Pork belly, pretty good
Sliders, really good, loved the buns they served them on
Overall a great place for indian.  They also do takeout and deliveryUnfortunately, one of the worst Indian meals I have had in my lifetime.  The colors were fluorescent and clearly not natural, and the food was so salty it was almost inedible and unlike similar dishes we had many times before.  I don't like being negative about small businesses and am posting this review in the hope it is a wake up call to pay attention to the quality of the cooking, since there are other choices that can be made when ordering Indian food.The word "sucks" does not do justice as an adequate description for how bad this place is. I am shocked that they have so many locations! It just goes to show, there is no accounting for taste and there must be a ton of people out there that like watered-down, horribly disgusting and ultimately, an extremely poor representation of Indian food. Not to mention, we waited over an hour for delivery! What a terrible experience, by the time it was delivered, we were near absolute starvation and forced to eat what proved to be the worst Indian food of my life. It was sooooooo horrible. It was like eating a box of crayons. It almost looked good, but had no flavor whatsoever.The food at tiffin is enough to make me give it 5 stars, I have had literal dreams about the Cauliflower Bezule. I cannot begin to describe how delicious that is. Also awesome is their ability to make dishes dairy free for us lactose intolerant friends. 
That being said, the real thing that has inspired me to leave this review was that recently, I had an order that came and was not only incorrect but wrongly portioned, and I was very put off by the experience, however the restaurant manager called me back at 10pm on a Monday, to personally apologize and make things right with the order. That kind of customer service was above and beyond what they needed to do, and I will definitely come back many times based on how fairly and quickly they dealt with my issues. It is almost impossible to find companies that care about you as a customer now a days, however Tiffin does and I can't thank them enough for that. (And the Cauliflower Bezule like I mentioned). 
Also awesome is the ambience, the south philly location is great and you can usually get seated without a wait.Tiffin has the best Chicken Tikka Masala and Naan!!! Fresh, soft, delicious naan, dipped in the sauce. Then pour the chicken over rice and YUMMM! Everything comes piping hot for delivery. Consistent quality, every time I order the same thing for delivery and it always leaves me wanting it again! They could spare more chicken in the container....but the flavor is amazing!!!I rarely post a negative review. This has made the exception. 
I don't care how decent the food is, they would get negative stars if i could give right now. The service here is just lousy. I ordered just before 7 PM. Now I understand its a friday night. But its now 9:10 and I have yet to receive my food. Somebody called me almost an hour ago saying we're short staffed. They should have called when my order was placed online. Called back. I got the lousiest apology. to make it worse, they didn't even try to make me feel like they cared. They must not have much customer retention. 
I'll never step foot into this place nor will I order from them ever, even if they were giving food away!Yummmmmyy! I ordered all the apetizers here and they are alll sooo good!! I love the one with the cauliflower. The flavors are soo rich and mouth watering. I would take anyone here because you really can't go wrong.Don't bother going here! I came here twice. Both times, I ended up waiting for 1.5 hrs to get the food. Thought I get it delivered next time, nope not worth it either. Took 90 minutes to get one entree. 
Servers screw up orders frequently.Beat expectations.  2nd try at Indian food delivery (1st was Lovash) and was satisfied.  Ordering thru Yelp!  was a breeze.  Received order, retreived food from bag to delightfully discover each item individully labelled (with printed decals).  Genius!  Food tasted hot, fresh & flavorful.   Good deal.Love. Love. Love this place. Have been there many times and there food is fantastic. Phenomenal flavors, beautifully cooked and really good service.Love there Saag Paneer! Pretty decent indian place for Graduate hospitalI ordered the saga panel and the butter panel masala.
This was my first time ordering so I did one spicy and one medium.  But neither were even a little spicy they had no heat to them at all.. which was unfortunate because the flavor of the food is pretty good. 
Portions are a bit small for the price.
I also got the onion and garlic naans... the onion was great and frsh. The garlic was just crunchy and maybe left over from yesterday not sure. 
The delivery was quick - but I did but in my order around noon which is probably before the rush for lunch
Overall it was good but not great. The fact that I choose spicy and it wasn't at all was a big no for me.Chicken was tough and the flavors were over the top.   There are a number of Indian food places I would choose over this one.I have been here a couple times since the first. The food comes out extremely slow. We waited over an hour for an entree. We will no longer be going here and I would not recommend eating in.Casual but slightly upscale Indian restaurant. Staff are all very friendly and the food is really good. I love their chicken vindaloo and they are happy to adjust the heat levels to suit your tastes. The biryanis are also done well I usually get mine with shrimp whick has always tasted fresh. The tandoori chicken I great and thankfully consistently moist. Ma'am is fresh, delicious and warm. Items are priced appropriately. Do yourself a favor...My favorite Indian food delivery in Philly!
I usually get Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikki Masala, and a lamb dish. Tiffin completely nailed each dish!
Delivery for 3 entrees and garlic naan took a little over an hour at 5 pm on a Sunday. A tad slow but everything was absolutely delicious!Can't review the food because it never arrived. I ordered delivery on a Sunday night and was told to expect an hour fifteen minute wait (even though I. After one and a half hours I called to check and was told that it would be here in "less than 15 minutes." After another 20 minutes I called again and was told they would call the delivery guy and call me back. They never called back and after more than 2 hours I called to cancel. Shortly after that, they called and revealed that my order was not even in the system, despite my numerous calls. They never offered anything beyond an apology to make it right. Totally unprofessional, I would strongly recommend against ordering from this place. 
Update: 1 week after this fiasco, despite more phone calls (some unreturned), they still have not reversed the charge to my credit card. Hard to imagine how ordering delivery could have gone much worse...DON'T BOTHER!!!!! THIS PLACE IS THE WORST! On our first order of drinks, the wait was long and the waitress screwed up one of the drink orders (it was one of their specialty drinks and she brought the wrong one). Took a long time to get the correct drink, and the place only had a few tables (pretty empty). My boyfriend's specialty drink was served in the same glass as mine, but his was filled to the top, mine was filled 1/2 way.
Our table of 4 was sandwiched between a table of 4 and a table of 3 - they were so loud we could not hear each other. This place is small and the sound from other tables really carries.
We ordered an appetizer (the cauliflower one that everyone raves about). When it came my friend informed us as we ate that it was different last time she had it. It had more of a sauce last time and was hot. This time it was room temp and all lumpy (the sauce was congealed). Being our first time, we had no idea till our friend pointed it out.
It took forever to order and receive our next round of drinks. I ordered a glass of wine for my 2nd drink (everyone else switched their drink orders to beer). When my wine arrived, it was 1/4 full - I thought that was weird. The table next to us received the same wine, but their glasses of wine were 1/2 full. So the bartender was VERY inconsistent when pouring drinks.
We sat for an hour and 20 minutes, had one appetizer and 2 drinks each. In that time, 4 tables were seated around us, variety of groups ranging from 2-6 people. Every table that was seated after us was served their dinner. Our waitress noticed us looking at everyone around us and approached us to say that there was a problem in the kitchen, our ticket was lost. She then went on to say, " I can put the order in and take a whole bunch off", she didn't wait for a response, just walked away. Take a bunch off? What did that even mean? She was not specific.
We flagged her down and asked if we were to reorder how long would it take... she did a ditzy head tilt and said, "about 15 minutes or so". I said cancel the order and bring us our check. 15 minutes passed before she brought the check; she stated that she gave us happy hour prices on our drinks for the mix up. When all was said and done, the check total was $50 - that was for 8 drinks, one appetizer and an hour and 40 minutes of aggravation and horrible service. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!Delivery? Great. Fairly fast and definitely delicious. 
Dining in? Well that's where things get weird. They have a great happy hour deal, which is the only time I've dined in. Service is slow, which is strange when you're sitting in front of the bartender. What's worse is that the staff talk shop, complain and overshare about the restaurant. I just want to eat my half priced appetizer, dude. I don't need to hear about the drama. If the deal wasn't so good and the food wasn't so delicious, I wouldn't dine in at all.I ordered delivery from Tiffin tonight.  Not only did it take an hour and 35 minutes to arrive, but instead of the 3 cans of Diet Pepsi that I ordered, I received 3 leaking, partially-full tupperware containers of flat soda.  Disgusting!!! I can't believe any restaurant would find that acceptable!!I'm surprised they don't have better rating. My experience there was excellent in every way! I eat Indian food at least once a week and I cook it myself, I love it so much. I'm going to order delivery from Tiffin tonight! I will update my reviewWe went for a late dinner on a Thursday and were very happy with the experience. 
We are both vegetarians and had lots to choose from. 
The food was delicious and so was the apricot pistachio naan.
I ordered a cocktail and it was very good. 
The only down side was after we had finished, it felt like we had kind of been forgotten- I don't like being rushed, but it wasn't too crowded and servers walked by us a few times without checking in on us. I think it's because the bartender seated us and took our order so maybe they didn't have us on their radar. 
It won't stop me from going back. I am so happy that I can get Indian food near home and don't need to go to Fishtown or west Philly to satisfy that craving!If I could give a half star, or no star, I would.  Tiffin's website is ridiculous.  Buyer beware!  You can complete an entire order including payment but never get your order.  Then the following day when you call to let them know, they blame you for placing an order after hours.  In this day in age of technology, not to mention the owner apparently is a tech whiz, they can't create an online ordering site capable of not completing an order after hours.  Even getting the refund for never receiving an order or a phone call, was met with challenges.  I will never order there again!  Terrible customer service!  Can't comment on the food when I never receive it!I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.  The decor is nice and somewhat upscale for a moderately priced indian restaurant.  The menu is fairly limited but has most of the indian staples that you would seek out.  We had three separate entrees as well as an order of vegetable somosas, and chili naan.  
The veggie somosas were quite good.  The chili naan was also very good.  The rest of the table thought it was spicy but i like heat so it was fine for me.  
as for the entrees they were all pretty good.  I had a califlower vindaloo, which was pretty mediocre.  The vindaloo sauce seemed like it was a little watery and lacked the spice that a vindaloo is supposed to have.  The rest of the entrees were good, but there was nothing that blew me away.  
the drink list was OK.  a few interesting beers and some specialty cocktails.  my wife got a specialty gin drink that was a little disappointing.  
our service was good and personable.  
Overall its a decent place.  I probably wouldn't rush back and will instead continue the search for a top notch indian restaurant.All the food here is very one-dimensional. Avoid the black pepper crab appetizer, as it leaves one wondering where exactly the pepper is. Not to mention it kind of looks like a can of cat food when they bring it out to your table. For an appetizer, it's not very appetizing. I guess I was expecting a whole crab, like you'd get in Singapore, where this dish originated.
Of the entrees we ordered, the malai kofta was dominated by coriander, and the lamb kohlapuri was sickly sweet, like some microwave Trader Joe's dish. Nothing was good enough to make us want to come back. All in all, Tiffin Bistro continues the Tiffin empire's tradition of making food that feels like it belongs in a New Jersey strip mall, which is too bad because I really liked the first restaurant when it first opened and they hadn't yet toned things down.
It's a little cramped, loud, and uncomfortably warm as well if you're seated in the back. Two thumbs down.I would not recommend Tiffin Bistro to anyone. The service is atrocious and because of this food suffers. Food is served slowly and cold and the servers/management seem to be oblivious to this. I'd rather order from Ekta on the other side of the city.We were patiently awaiting the opening of Tiffin, particularly since we live so close and really enjoy Indian food.  I'm so glad we went!
We started with the green pea ginger kulcha which was interesting. Husband liked it more than me. I went safe and ordered the chicken tikka masala, while he ordered two apps, the indian sloppy joe and the dungeoness crab.
The little sliders were very small, but very delicious! The bread itself was warm and crispy and the sloppy joe was extremely flavorful. He really liked the crab, which was a bit spicy for me, but a good enough portion that he was full.
My dish? My dish was WONDERFUL. Might be my favorite new place for tikka masala... The prices were pretty reasonable, too. I was skeptical of that, but I think they found a good balance of class for a bit less.
The sauce was so good that we ordered some garlic naan to ensure we got all of it and it paired very well with the sauce, just as our friendly and knowledgable server said.
Tffin Bistro's menu successfully fuses traditional Indian dishes with other styles of food without venturing too far from the spices and flavors you're used to.
We definitely suggest it!Their delivery service sucks. I would review about the food but an hour and a half later... it's still not here. Yeah... it sucks.
Note - said driver is en route - i live about 5 blocks away... i was just too lazy to walk. I wonder how long it takes to driver to drive 5 blocks. Ridic.Still a favorite for local Indian food. I'm disappointed with their portion size, but their sauces, naan are on point. Don't bother with the samosas. But always a BYO. Chicken Tikki MasalaGreat for delivery! Other reviewers complained about long waits for delivery and problems with orders so I wanted to chime in with our great experience. Ordered on grub hub and it seemed like before we knew it there was a knock at the door, 30 min tops. Also I might add we ordered in the middle of Thursday night dinner rush. Food was perfectly prepared and neatly packaged, even with pre-printed labels on the containers. Definitely a tasty affordable delivery/takeout Indian food optionI've been meaning to try this chain. It just so happens that I was at an event not too long ago, and they catered from Tiffin for lunch (score!)
I thought the food was fairly decent. The catered menu was all vegetarian so I was happy to dive right into all the offerings. I tried their samosa, onion bhaji, dal tadka, channa masala (with butter naan), and gulab jamboon for dessert!
All the offerings were fairly decent - general Indian food options. I think they did a good job seasoning the dal tadka and the onion bhaji was a stand out amongst the options (it was all gone by the time it was time for seconds!) The spread also included white rice but I found it unnecessary. 
The food was hot upon arrival and was able to keep well considering the cold elements (it was an outdoor event with tents.)
I would've appreciated more options to spice up the food with some chutneys or masala. I can't fault the restaurant since the food was ordered by the event planner. I guess I will just have to visit their city locations and see for myself if there are options amp up the spice: )!I've gotten delivery here a few times and have eaten in once as well.  The food is a bit expensive compared to typical Indian places, but in my opinion, it's the best Indian I've found in Philadelphia, and the quality and flavor are definitely worth the extra money.  I always order paneer butter masala and peshawari naan (the samosas are good too though!)
The atmosphere inside is a little weird, and I wasn't too big of a fan, so I prefer making this a take-out place (I guess because they try to make it feel like a bistro mixed with an Indian restaurant?), but regardless, food and service is great!The service is abhorrent. I would have given it even fewer stars but the food is actually tasty. Poor waiter. Everything took forever to get, every single thing we ordered. Drinks took 30 minutes and the place is empty! We've been here for over an hour and all we've gotten is appetizers. We're beginning to eat the condiments. I will never come back. And that stinks because I like the food. What happened, Tiffin?! Used to be good. The drinks are different every round that arrives, one drink didn't even have garnish and it was about one finger less alcohol than the previous drink.Well, long story short, my experience was really bad. I ordered chicken tikka masala as recommended by staff, it was sweet in taste, which it is not supposed to be. That's not authentic Indian food. 
Secondly, they charged me 2.50 $ for just couple of rings of onions as sides ( not fried onion rings) without telling me
So, all in all I paid 18 $ just for one tikka masala, that's too not authentic. 
So, not worth going there.The more places the Narula Restaurant Group opens, the better.
Tiffin Bistro, like its 5 sister Tiffin Restaurants, is a delicious, consistent, and comfort bringing purveyor of Americanized Indian cuisine. It's great stuff, and I can't get enough of it.
My girlfriend and I ordered delivery (which we never do but we're in the process of moving) to our new apartment and 45 minutes later, as soon as we opened the bag, we knew happy stomachs would ensue. We decided on Garlic Naan, Veggie Samosas, Malabar Shrimp, Chicken Tikka, and Aloo Gobhi--not particularly adventurous dishes, but all standard orders that would give a strong impression of the new Indian eatery.
Simply put, everything was really good and held up to the standard that Tiffin has established throughout the Philadelphia area. I would say the only difference between Tiffin Bistro and Tiffin Restaurants is the menu--but certainly nothing too dramatic. A couple of new options added, and a couple of favorites excluded.
Living a mere 3 blocks from Tiffin Bistro, I'll be sure to return again, and eat in--soon!I really enjoyed the simosas, they were terrific. However, my water tasted unfiltered like straight tap water. Also, i got the traditional curry with chicek, which was 14 and expected a fair size of it to come, however, instead got a small portion with a little chicken peices. It didn't taste bad, but it wasn't the best I've hadWe really like Tiffin, but we live in Hawthorne.  We treated ourselves to Tashan once, and we liked it too, but it's a little more upscale and fusion than we prefer. Tiffin Bistro is perfect for us. It's super tasty, our server was fun and professional (wish I could remember his name to give him credit), and the setting was comfortable. We'll be back.I've been here three times before, over a year ago.  At that time, it was fantastic!  Since I was dining alone, I sat at the bar.  The bartenders were professional, friendly and efficient.  The happy hour prices were excellent. Food was yummy. 
So, I am extremely disappointed that tonight's experience was the opposite.  I sat at the bar and it took 10 minutes for the bartender to acknowledge me.  And I was the only one at the bar!!!! There were only 3 other tables in the restaurant.  When she finally approached me, she dropped a menu and left, without even asking if I wanted a drink.  
I just had an Appetizer and naan. Both were very delicious.  Small portions, but tasty. 
However, while I was sitting at the bar being ignored, four employees were fighting over who got to leave early that night. 
Sad... Cuz a year ago I loved this place. I thought it was a gem.  Now I will think twice about returning.We really used to enjoy Tiffin, but I'm not sure if they are trying to make more profit or what.  When you pay $28 for 2 chicken Masala and they add barely any chicken, you are left feeling ripped off and disappointed.  It's a shame because i really used to enjoy It, but will now go elsewhere .  Overpriced=NO THANK YOU!DECENT FOOD, SLOW SERVICE:
I ordered veggie samosas, naan, and chicken tikka masala to pick up, expected to be ready 8:30-8:40 on a Thursday night. I arrived at 8:28, and sat at the bar to wait.  While sitting there, I watched as the hostess and the delivery guy put together numerous to go bags.  It became clear very quickly that they were overwhelmed with orders.  The phone was constantly ringing, the order hub was dinging, and a couple other folks walked in to pick up or order to go. I heard the hostess apologize repeatedly to customers on the phone who were calling about late deliveries, and even watched as the manager came over to refund a late order over the phone.  Another fellow who had waited ages with me to pick up his order, returned 10 minutes later to say that what he took home was not what he ordered, and after all that time he was not thrilled.  I continued to sit patiently, realizing that my food would come when it would come and there was no use harrying this poor girl any more than she already was.  At 9:20 I finally walked out with my bag.  In all that time, there were no grub hub updates to tell me it would be later than initially expected, but at 10:30- after I was home and finished, I got an update that my food was ready.  The food itself was decent. The samosas very good, the rice plain, the chicken quite good, and the naan less than average (a bit soggy and undercooked/doughy).  
It might be a fine place to sit down to dinner, the staff were friendly- if a bit stressed- and it's a cute little place.  But the food is definitely not worth the wait of delivery, and maybe not even pick up.  If I were to try again- and I might as it is conveniently located - I'd hope for a slow night and prepare to wait.This place frustrates the heck out of me. I LOVE the food, I LOVE the outdoor seating but everything else is infuriatingly bad. The service is so slow and the wait staff is unknowledgeable to the point that you wonder if it's their first day at the restaurant. Like, I could tell you it's bad, you go, and you would tell me that it was worse than bad. My last experience there, they were in the process of releasing some new appetizers, chicken wings & something called chicken 65. My first reaction, this is an Indian restaurant... Why are you selling chicken wings as an appetizer? My second reaction, what the heck is chicken 65? I ask (who I thought was our waitress) and she said she really doesn't know. That's fine, if it's a new item, she might not know. She goes inside and the manager comes out and says that "it's chicken with leaves and stuff". What does that even mean? Chicken with leaves? So, we skipped that. I normally order a couple apps and then split an entrée. Bae and I usually get the Vegetable Dumplings, Lasooni Chicken, Cauliflower Bezule  and cheesey naan and they're all awesome! You might just have to wait 30+ minutes for your food and if you have any questions, forget about it. Google is your best friend at this place. 
Another thing I noticed, if you come at odd times, there is a good chance the place is empty. At any other place, that'd be great but not at Tiffin. If it's empty, the staff just watches you and it's super awkward. I guess because it's a small space they don't have anywhere else to congregate but in the front of the restaurant. 
All in all, go with low expectations for service. The food/drinks are good and the outdoor seating is great.How can this be called an Indian restaurant??? It's no unauthentic. They don't offer any curries, no poppadoms (however you're given chutneys at the start?), no balti, no jalfrezi, no dahl, danask, karahi..... I could go on. This was our first Indian in Philadelphia after moving from UK where Indian food is a staple so maybe this is Indian in America? Either way super disappointing. What we did have was below average regardless of cuisine type and the meat was overcooked. Wouldn't go back. Ever! The search for good, authentic Indian food continues.As an Indian woman who has eaten Indian for most of her life, I know a thing or two about great tasting Indian food. I love the atmosphere here and I love that their curries are worth the hype. Loved their naan and paneer! It is incredible. I cannot wait to go back and the service was great as well.This place was nice the food was good the bread was amazing. Just the menu needs to be more detailed and the service need a little work. But the food is nice I will go back againAfter all the glowing reviews from my friends and coworkers, I figured to try it out. Man, I was sooooo bummed! It was boring and had no spice. And it cost $25 dollars for chicken tikka masala, naan, and rice! Are you kidding me dude? 
Not worth it at all.. I am super bummed about this place. I was hoping for an affordable, good Indian place in South Philly.. I guess i'll still be looking.I am glad they have a gluten free menu. It makes the experience so much easier and more pleasant.  The onion bhaji and saag paneer are my favorites. It was excellent.Could've been a 3 star rating, but service needs some work.
I really, really, really, really like indian food...especially affordable indian food (the way it's supposed to be).  We came to dine on a late Sunday afternoon and were pretty anxious about this place.
Tiffin Bistro is a casual dinner spot with really good food and located in a nice part of town.  Cutting to the chase......we ordered 1 app and 2 entrees.  I forget the names exactly, but it was tasty and hit the spot.
The only problem was the lack of attention by the service and staff.  Maybe it was bad timing on our part, but it just wasn't a welcoming experience.  Our server was a little too attentive to the TV and not to our needs.  We came very hungry and waited 30 minutes for our first app since ordering.  Our entrees came 20 minutes after we finished our app.  Did i mentioned we were 1 of 2 tables in the restaurant?  The staff just seemed to work at a snails pace and everyone was just sluggish.
In all fairness, Tiffin Bistro has only opened it's doors for about 3 months so I understand there's some kinks to work out.  I am not a hater and will likely dine here again.  Word of advice to the owner....you're a new place and you want good business.  Please oversee your restaurant during these first critical months of your new establishment.  I'm local to the area and like many others, word of mouth is so important.
At the end....Tiffin Bistro still has huge potential.fantastic food, some of the worst service i have ever encountered.  After waiting 2 hours for an order i finally called in to rude, argumentative manager who told us we were wrong about the order time and had another 45 minute wait.
we were weekly customers.  i'll never order from them againThe more and more I come here the better it becomes.  Service is here is GREAT and they don't hover over you at all times like some places do.
Standouts on the menu include a truly addictive chicken lababdar, the chili garlic appetizer, aloo ghobi (cauliflower), and their garlic naan.  Portions are sizeable and very satisfying.  They will give you extra rice too no problem.
The restaurant space itself is adorable...nice cozy lighting with candles flickering in the windows complete with a truly great music selection.  They even have outdoor seating.  I would recommend this place to anyone.Love this place. My boyfriend and I order from here often and it's a great Indian restaurant.  There menu has great portions and is decently priced.LITERALLY the best Indian food... EVER. Tiffin is what I compare every other Indian Restaurant  to...and, they all end up failing in comparison. Don't get me wrong, I have had some great Indian food other places, but they aren't as good as this gem. 
I was never really exposed to Indian food growing up because my parents did not eat it. I first had it about 7 years ago and my mind was blown. It instantly hit the top of my list of favorite foods to eat. I conveniently live near Tiffin so it was an obvious choice when I first moved to the city, and boy was I in for a treat. Seriously.... just eat here (or order delivery/takeout) and be amazed.
Highly Recommend: 
Tikka Masala (I normally get Paneer, but anything will be great)
Baingan Bharta (to die for....soooo good)
Cauliflower Bezule
... the list would probably just be their entire menu, so I am going to stop here.The best Indian I've had in Philly so far - at least among those that will deliver in Queen Village. The samosas are excellent, every curry delicious, the tandoori was the moistest I've ever had. Spot on and big portions!Stop in for lunch and what a delight! My wife and I both had a luncheon special mine was pannera cheese with a creamy spinach sauce. I ate every morsel. We will go again , soon.Flavors were very good. Food was delivered, not eaten at the restaurant. Everything tastes very good. However, each of the dishes was sweet. That is an unusual flavor for the cuisine, so it stood out. Overall, great experience.I ordered delivery from this place a little while ago and was not impressed. Never again.
I called knowing I wanted the samosas, one other appetizer and an entree, and asked for help deciding. The person on the phone seemed a little impatient and wasn't particularly helpful. Whatever, I decided. I immediately called back and asked if rice came with the entree. She said "uh, yeah" like it was obvious. C'mon, really? That's a reasonable question, especially when there is a side of rice dish at the bottom of the menu. Red flag, should have cancelled it then and there, but I wanted to see if it was any good. I remember liking what I had at Tiffin on Girard Avenue a few years ago.
The food arrived at my house in a timely fashion but the person who delivered it didn't have change, even though I SPECIFICALLY said that I would be paying cash when THEY asked how I was paying. That was ridiculous. 
The food was less than mediocre, not to mention cold. The samosas were ok, definitely the best thing that I got, but there are great food trucks in the city with samosas that run circles around theirs. The chicken kebobs were not good, and I didn't even finish them. The lamb dish I had was saucy and bland and there was very little lamb to be found, mostly bone. The rice it came with was cold and dried out as if it had been sitting in the container for some time. Again, didn't finish it, and I hate wasting food.
Add it all up? Bad experience, and I can't recommend it in the least.I should start by saying I actually really like Tiffin. Just not this one. I used to go to the one in Elkins Park all the time and loved it. 
I feel the exact opposite towards this one. On January 1st, my husband and I were craving Indian so ordered from them online. An hour plus later we called because our food never arrived. We were told that it was in the delivery car and would be to us within 15 minutes. 45 minutes later it never came. We called back and they said they had only just received the order when we had called 45 minutes ago (and they confirmed it was on its way). The person on the phone was not helpful at all but said that they could refund our money, and that the manager would call us to discuss out problem.
69 DAYS LATER and we have called repeatedly and been told our refund is on the way. We finally gave up and had to contact the Better Business Bureau to help us.
Maybe their food is as good as Elkins Park's Tiffin, but we'll never know because there is no chance we would ever go there/order from them again.The chicken masala was really really good. The only problem I had was that they really skimped out on the chicken. You figure for $14 they would give you your money's worth. Also, the tandoori chicken looked amazing, but it was pretty bland by itself. Luckily I had the sauce from the masala to eat it. Again, over priced. They gave us two thighs and two drum sticks for $14. You can get way more for your money at other places. Would love to come back here, just can't help but feel that I'm getting ripped off.The lunch special is an insanely amazing deal! Amazing portions and quality Indian food. They also have so many great vegetarian options. Plus, they're BYOB!It doesn't matter what the food tastes like. We ordered and our food didn't arrive for TWO HOURS. I will NEVER order from here again and would gladly go out of my way to let people know how horrible this place is.This place consistently takes forever to deliver. For example, ordered at 5:30, still not here at 7P. When I've called to check on the order, there is no apology, no discount, nothing. 
It's my own fault for giving them chances! 
Also, know that when you order, you're only going to get 3, maybe 4 morsels of meat/chicken. The rest is just sauce. It is, again and again, a completely awful experience.Seriously slow delivery. About 1:45 mins when quoted 1 hr on website.  Called after 1:10 and they said grubhub was more accurate for delivery time than their own website.
Good was decent but not great.Empty restaurant. How long do we wait to get a menu after sitting down. 12 minutes. Two standard dishes. 35 minutes and still waiting. Delivery was good 3 years ago. Poor service dining inEverything was fresh, excellently prepared and perfectly seasoned. Service was impeccable but not stuffy or contrite. Atmosphere was perfect. Wish i had room for the kulfi but the pork belly was to good to stop eating.I have only had two items from here, for delivery - Chicken Tikka Masala and plain Naan. They were absolutely delicious. Delivery was quick! Food was hot! Ok so yes, they could stand to put a few more pieces of chicken in the dish for the price.....but the sauce, the rice, the naan, the white meat chicken, amazing!!!!!Eaten here twice. First time food was very good, cauliflower appetizer was great. But the service was slow, however the server was nice. The second time, the same appetizer was not very good and the kitchen lost our order. It took an hour for the server to tell us.Toronto
Nonexistent server. Completely baffled guy in tshirt was confused at how we wished to sit down and eat. We had to walk up to the bar let him know we wished to be served. Came to take our order had no idea what was on the menu and walked away equally as confused. Food was below par and nothing resembling what we ordered and expected. Out of pure pity and lack of time for anything else did we stay and eat there. Unbelievable lack of service. There was 3 people in the restaurant and nobody resembled an employee. Everyone kept reading the paper or focused on their phone as we walked in. Plenty of visible space to sit yet nobody seemed to know of any. None of the used tables were cleared of the post apocalyptic dining that had taken place prior to our entrance.Tiffin Bistro has a bit more class than a typical Indian restaurant/buffet place, but it still has a casual feel to it. It's BYOB and has outdoor seating as well. Inside is stylish but not overbearing.
I was a bit nervous of the food since most of the waitstaff was non-Indian, but the food was very good. This place just opened a month ago, so a lot of the service kinks were worked out and operating smoothly.
Tiffin Bistro sits somewhere between classic Indian fare and Indian-fusion. Tried the Aloo Papri Chaat, Lamb Korma, and a Pork Belly dish. All were very good. Asked for the Korma to come out spicy and it had a lot of heat. 
Surprisingly they give you a lot of food here (which is odd for nice Indian restaurants)... they are happy to box up anything you want to take home.Food : doesn't taste authentic as most Indian food I've had 
Service : (in restaurant) was not their best . At the time it was just my sister and I in the restaurant, yet we had to flag someone down (looked someone who didn't wait tables) to bring us water
Wanted to give it a try and I did, but I'd rather go elsewhere for Indian foodI met a girlfriend here for dinner on Wednesday night.  I was really excited to see Tiffin pop up in the neighborhood, but we both had to wait for the opportunity to ditch the anti-curry boyfriends and go out!  
I made a reservation, but I didn't really need it.  When we got there, the place was pretty quiet.  To be fair- its a Wednesday at 6:30p!  Currently, Tiffin a BYOB, though they made it clear that they're after a liquor license.  I am a bit biased, but i prefer the BYOB!  We were sat at a very nice table, and given menus promptly.  The first thing I noticed is that this place is definitly a cut above the costs of Tiffin on Girard.  $$$!!!.  I'm used to paying $8.50 for Saag Paneer, but at Tiffin Bistro, it was $12.  I also noticed that the portion size was larger, so I got some leftovers out of it, which was fine by me!  We also split the veggie samsoas which were pretty damn good.  I didn't see that the Saag Paneer came with rice, so I ordered a naan which was pretty good, but also another $3 for a piece of basic bread.  
All in all, my meal was pretty good, and it was under $20.  The service was also pretty good.  As a BYOB, I'll be back to this spot.  But there is so much good Indian food around the city, if i have to pay $8 for a glass of wine that I won't like as much as my own, this place may fall from favorability.  I enjoyed catching up with my friend a lit more than the food itself.Super mediocre...especially the service.  Server is a jerk. Take out is a joke, nothing to eat with. One piece of naan is $5, ridiculous.  He made three mistakes with order and billing and didn't care that we were inconvenienced by their poor service.Our experience was solid.  Flavors were fantastic...price point was decent.  This spot will definately be one of our go to Indian options!Placed an order for 9 for delivery.  Set delivery time for after guests would arrive and they completely ignored the deliver time!  Not only was our food 3 hours early, but it was leaking all over the place.  The only offer was to have the delivery driver pick the food back up and then return the food at 5:30...no thanks I can reheat it myself!You can't beat the happy hour here.   A friend and I went and each got a cocktail, plus we split 4 appetizers, which was more than enough to serve as a meal.  Our bill?  $19.