Unfortunately have to update my review.... The first few times I had this, it was was really good - and I was starved for great Indian food.  After several more times, I became more and more disappointed.  The chicken tikka masala was several times excessively greasy (pools of oil floating.... not the normal way, I understand it's not a diet dish, but I eat this all time).  Twice with delivery times over an hour and a half (quoted, and then longer to arrive).  
Sorry, Tiffin, I had to find a new love.We got delivery from this place over the weekend. Great food! I had the saag paneer, and it was excellent. The servings were huge, and the dishes were tasty. The naan was good as well. I ordered my dish 'spicy,' and it wasn't. The food was still really good, though. I would definitely go back.amazing delivery.  it really does rival Ekta, where I've been ordering all this time.  now I think I'll mix it up between the two.
again, delivery to center city is a MAJOR plus since I don't know of any good Indian joints downtown.  The chicken tikka masala has just as great tender and flavorful pieces of chicken as Ekta's, but I have to say it's more onion-y and the curry is not as thick.
The saag paneer seems to have less butter than Ekta's but the spinach flavor is much more prominent.  The food was delivered promptly in a nice white paper bag with tiffin's logo on it.  delicious!Went here on a Wednesday night and wasn't sure what to expect. I'd heard it had good Indian food so 3 of us decided to share garlic naan, butter chicken, and chicken biryani. The food was absolutely delicious and I definitely didn't see that coming. All the portions were pretty generous and we left feeling full and content. A bit out of the way in terms of location but would definitely order take-out from here in the future!Tiffin delivery used to be great, despite the lengthy deliver process.  The one day my coworkers and I placed an order online at 10:30 for a noon delivery and when 1:30 came and went, they said they didn't think it'd be there before two.  Angry, we canceled the order, and ignore my heart's desire for Indian for a few months.
Today, I decided to give Tiffin one last chance.  Placed an order at 11:30 for a 12:00-12:30 delivery.  1:30 I called, they promised he'd be here in 5 minutes.  He shows up 10 minutes ago, and normally Tiffin's portions are so large they last two meals (how I justify the price) - but the bag is extraordinarily light.
My Chicken Tikka trio (July special) had 6 small pieces of chicken, sitting on top of wilted lettuce.  That's $15?! The unidentified accompaniment tasted like flavorless smashed lentils. Naan was burnt in spots.  Overall it just wasn't very good and I won't be ordering again.Tiffin you are still my favorite! Your selections are lighter and seem healthier than the competition and the complimentary dal just really makes my day. If you add Aloo Tikki to your menu my roommate and I will love you forever (slash give you all of our Indian food funds), but for now, sadly, we must resort to Lovash when we have a potato cake craving. Opening a location around 23rd and South wouldn't be too bad either!
Also, please hurry and open up your new place on Broad so we can love that too!Great food, quick service. Comparable to Ekta.Worst Indian food I have had.  Completely lacking in depth of flavor.  Do yourself a favor and go to Ekta, which isnt the best but is so soo sooo much better than this.  Heck even Trader Joe's freezer meals are better than this.We had ordered from Tiffin several times in the past, and enjoyed their selections and on-line ordering.  Last night we ordered take out from them and had the worst take-out dinner I have had in years.  The appetizer special was a fried and it arrived ice cold.  Furthermore, it  was sweet.  I  had the chili paneer and it tasted just like Chinese food( which is OK if I wanted Chinese).  It was also cold.  My mango lassi tasted like chai tea.  My husband had the lamb dish and said it was OK tasting, but his stomach hurt this AM.  Never again!  Minar Palace is SOOO much better!Really delicious food that made me realize my love for Indian food. Unfortunately, I no longer live super close to any of the locations, but it's definitely a place I will have to make a trip to soon. The chicken tikka masala is my absolute favorite, and for about $10 you DEFINITELY will have enough for dinner and lunch the next day. Also, once while waiting about 45 minutes for people to meet me here, the manager gave me a free mango smoothie, so the service is good and the employees are courteous.I love Indian food and Tiffin delivers to fishtown, so it has become my default.  A big downside to ordering from them is delivery usually takes over an hour - so remember to think ahead, or eat at the restaurant for an expedited experience. 
I recommend the Lamb Saag or Chicken Vindaloo, but suggest avoiding the Kheer.  
PS- If you eat at the restaurant, I also recommend you try and get seating upstairs.  The hardwood floors and exposed brick are a lot more pleasant to dwell within than the IKEA décor below.Dear Tiffin, 
I love you (your food).  Im excited to hear about your restaurant on Broad, can't wait.This one earns the 5th star as the most delicious Indian food I've had in Philadelphia.  Congratulations, Tiffin.
1.  I live in Wash West near Pine street.... and they deliver to me.  
2.  I have dined-in once, and the place is cute.  Very austere and not very traditional Indian looking, but cute.  Good service.  Though the area is a little sketchy.....
3.  When you order they deliver a little "accompaniement" and a dessert.  I don't know what to do with the "accompaniement" yet, but it tastes delicious.  
4.  The food is great.  The best in my quest - and that's what really earns it the 5 stars.unfortunately, the last 2 times I've ordered from Tiffin, the curries have really lacked in spice and overall flavor.  Even though I indicated medium spice, both curries each time were delivered mild.  the chicken is still very flavorful in the tikka masala but both times, the curry was very watered down.  the vegetables in cashew curry was also very disappointing--the veggies seemed frozen and then thrown in (which you could tell from how much water they retained and the unpleasant texture).  definitely gonna go back to ekta even tho i think they use a lot more butter than tiffin does!Firstly please note that this is my first review EVER on yelp because it is THAT important for me to share my experience regarding the decline in quality of this particular Tiffin restaurant - specifically their Curry Sauces. I have been ordering regularly from this branch for over 5 years and had been extremely satisfied until about a year ago when a supposed Chicken Tikka Masala was delivered with the consistency of water. I called my dear Tiffin restaurant to ask if there was a change in kitchen staff to which he responded "no". I dictated my issue and that this has never happened before to which he responded "what do you want us to do about it now?". I was in a bit of shock but because this was my first terrible experience I let them slide. 
Then a few months later I had friends visit from out of town so i hoped that my last experience was a one time thing and decided to go ahead and order the same food - AGAIN the same problem. I was mortified. It was as though they neglected quality all together. 
For the last time I ordered the same food this past weekend and again I received a sauce (not curry) that I could have easily prepared myself. It was as thin as water and plain in taste. I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER FROM THIS BRANCH AGAIN. You lost a loyal customer as a result of apparent decline in the quality of food you serve your customers coupled with your low quality customer service!This was the absolute slowest delivery in the world. It took over an hour and a half for me to get my food, it didn't taste as good because I was so agitated.Delivery service is awful! It took over 2 hours !  No communication or call back after multiple follow ups. Was told driver was stuck in traffic on a Sunday night, still haven't received delivery and it's 9:17pm at night.I rarely give super negative reviews but guys COME ON. I got the Chicken Tikka Marsala (not what I ordered but it happen np) and the portion was sized for a five year old! I mean I've had appetizers with more of the actual meat I ordered, and for fifteen bucks, not cool guys, not cool. There is definitely loads of rice and sauce though.
Perhaps they just weren't having a very good Monday, but I doubt I'll be coming back.I used to be ALL about Tiffin. I'm not totally sure what happened, but it's not the same anymore. I remember the food being so much more AUTHENTIC, now it just tastes Americanized and it's not good to me. It's also way pricier than it deserves to be. I don't plan on going here again.Tiffin was a wonderful restaurant in which to have Indian food. It's location in Northern Liberties surprised me due to the fact that I had no clue that there were any good restaurants in that area. However, Tiffin is quite the exception to this belief, and it really does seem to have its own niche in the neighborhood. The upstairs dining room is very quaint, making for a very personal and home-style dining experience.
Decor: (4/5)
Service: (3.5/5)
Plates:
Vegetable Samosa (5/5): Basically, they're mixed veggies made into a ball and thrown together in a frier. These tasty little apps were out of this world; I could eat these for days.
Lasooni Tikka (5/5): This app is also made from God's hands. It's essentially a piece of chicken marinated in garlic. It's delicious and very flavorful. 
Chicken Tikka Marsala (4/5): This plate is a very classic Indian dish and needless to say, I was more than delighted to try it out. This one is a staple for any first-time Indian foodies.
Lamb Chettinad (5/5): This plate was easily the highlight of the night. The lamb was cooked very well, and the sauce was phenomenal.
Overall, I give this place a 4/5 because the price of the entire meal is incredibly worth it. I've never eaten such good food for such a low price; I almost felt like a joke was being played on me. I'd be more than happy to eat here again, and I hope everyone gives this place a chance to shine.We did delivery from Tiffin a couple weeks ago, and I wasn't expecting much.  The meal was huge, reasonably priced, and quite delicious.  Loved the fried fish roll app, the butter chicken was outstanding, the naan was on point, and the lamb vindaloo was just spicy enough and tender.  No complaints here, and we'll do another in-home Indian meal soon.Sigh...It is with a heavy heart that I do what needs to be done. Pan Tiffin. 
Tiffin has been a staple in our lives. But the last few times we ordered have been horrendous (I think four times counts as a representative sample, no?). Tonight we waited over 2 hours for our food. Mirroring our last delivery time frame. And when the rice is the best part of the meal, it is time to move on. The chana masala needed SALT. And the aloo gobi was just greasy and tasteless. And despite calling back and making sure that we requested "hot," our food was neither hot nor really seasoned. Again, sigh. I can't write anymore. The pain is just to great. 
It is time to move on...
No, don't try and stop me, Tiffin. It's you not me.I've been looking for an Indian place that would blow my face off in Philly, but I have yet to find one. (Any suggestions, please let me know.)
Tiffin is ok.  The food is really good if you're super hungry in the middle of the night, and the ingredients are decent.  
With that said, the portion sizes are teeny for the price they ask for, and the dishes are mainly sauce with a small sprinkling of whatever main thing you order- chicken, cheese, lamb, etc.
I do really like their dal, which hits the spot everytime.  
I've also yet to be pleased with their costumer service.  For some reason, they are a grumpy bunch.  Not overtly mean, just grumpy.Today's experience was horrendous. Each and every dish tasted like it was made by a 5 year old!! This place was really authentic few years back but not anymore!
Lets see, the appetizers: Spinach Chat: disgusting!! What was described on the menu and what was served was totally different. It was soaked in oil and worse of all, did not have any taste (not even salt). The server did not provide salt/pepper/sweet/spicy chutneys to go with this! 
Manchurian was completely off the normal yummy manchurian you generally get at other indian places. They literally served raw cauliflower fried in oil (without the batter mind you), in water like soup!! WTF!! seriously... It completely spoiled our date as me and hubby got in argument over whether we should just eat this overpriced and greasy food or whether we should send it back and walk out of this place!! In the end although I was super hungry (I am pregnant) I still could not eat the food and after paying for this overpriced food I left the place upset and hungry!! 
I am NEVER going to any other Tiffin places in city again.Awesome!  We got there late in their service one night and wound up having an incredible meal.  The setting was nice, clean rustic, not so Indian I guess but the food came through with authenticity and freshness.
I'm used to hating Chicken Tikka.  It's always dry, far overdone and utterly bland.  I was reading the descriptions on the menu and didn't even realize what I was ordering, it sounded so good.  When the dishes arrived and I realized I'd gotten the damn Chicken Tikka, my heart sunk.  I dug in with no anticipation but was immediately blown away - nothing like having low expectations and getting great stuff.  It was perfectly done and ever so succulent.  Just about everything else was also excellent, only my Lassi was a little overly yogurt-y.
I will be back for sure.I can't give this place the five stars that it's good deserves because it's service is dragging it down. Tiffin is definitely the best Indian food in torn. Unfortunately, it's a restaurant that believes its food product it the only thing that matters. Customer service, timeliness of delivery and overall approach to experience are clearly not priorities for this business. I would encourage anyone to eat their food because it's delicious, but manage your expectations. When they tell you delivery will be an hour it will be two - and they will tel you their delivery car broke down (they've used this excuse three times now). So just know they value great food and they value your money. They just don't value your time or your experience with them.Even the best food leaves a bitter taste when it's delivered more than 1 hour after its promised. My order was called in at 6:15 pm the food was promised for one hour. We called at 7:20 and were told that it would be delivered in 15 minutes.....when it arrived at 8:15 the delivery driver defensively  blamed  the kitchen. I called the restaurant. No apology, no excuse, no aknowagement that they erred, no offer of some future perk. This is NOT ACCEPTABLE !Tiffin used to be pretty great in spite of the fact that they don't do buffet.  Now, not so much.  The food is ok considering what the neighborhood has to offer but they're always closing whenever they feel like closing.  They're rarely open till 9:30 as it says on their website/ menu and if you work late and try to catch a meal after 9, it's the luck of the draw.  For making such a big deal about the owner being a Wharton grad, I'm surprised he's so cavalier about the way he does business.  He really must be raking it in not to care about such a simple thing as being open when you say you're going to be open.  And, PS, Ekta isn't any better about keeping hours.  New Delhi really needs to open a Northern Liberties location and raise the bar across the board for Indian food in this neighborhood.Tiffin has officially gone off the deep end.  Chicken Tikka Masala with naan. $18?  Before tip.  It's peasant food / delivery.  Combined with the fact delivery is almost always a disaster.  2+ hour waits.  Wrong items over half the time.  Drivers who sit in their cars and want you to run to them?   No thanks.  We have other choices.The butter chicken is to die for. My boyfriend and i get it delivered quite often along with the veggie samosas. We have lived in Philly for a year and a half and have yet to replace butter chicken as our favorite delivery food here. 
We dined in once. Service was okay, parking was rough, and the dining room was freezing. We actually ate with our coats on along with a handful of other guests. Also, the nan is a little rubbery. BUT the butter chicken always delivers, therefore, why they get the 4 stars.Amazing! I love the butter chicken. The atmosphere is pleasant as well. It's a byob, so you can bring whatever. The service was really quick. It usually seems to take longer but this was the first time I went during the week and it took about 15-20 mins to get the entrees after an appetizer.We ate at Tiffins last night after reading such good reviews. 
We ordered the Butter Chicken and the Chicken Tikka Masala (which by the way are pretty much the same thing), and an order of naan. I've had chicken tikka masala at a number of places, as it's my favorite dish, and Tiffin's version definitely lived up to my expectations. The portions were plentiful - we couldn't finish our dishes, but got it to-go. Everything was fresh and delicious. Food: 5/5
Service was perfect. There is no corking fee, as Tiffin is BYOB. Service: 5/5
The dining room is clean and bright. It does not have air conditioning, just ceiling fans. It's not bad unless it's a hot day. We were a little warm when we first walked upstairs, but quickly acclimated and were fairly comfortable.  It looked like they were in the process of expanding or renovating part of the downstairs. Decor: 4/5
As for the area, it is very run-down and dirty. I would not feel safe walking around there at night. Thank goodness they deliver! We went around 7pm and had no trouble finding a parking spot in front. Location: 3/5
Most dishes were between 10-15 dollars. But with the large portions, it can easily serve as two meals. Price: 4/5
We will definitely be back to their dining room, and I plan on tryingout their delivery service soon!First let me say, they are no longer accepting Restaurant.com gift certificates. They had signs posted saying they no longer accepted certificates purchased after 12/13/2011. This was the only reason I came to the place so it was disappointing. It was also a little frustrating when I asked the manager about this and he failed to give any explanation but rather said we just don't take them.
That being said, the food was ok. This was my first time with Indian food so I had a lot of questions about the food, nearly none of which the waiter could answer. So we randomly chose a few things off the menu. They weren't bad, but not really that great. I dined with my gf, who loves Indian, and she felt the food wasn't as good as most other Indian places she's visited. Perhaps the gift certificate incident soured my experience, but I don't think I would go there again.Any vegan person should be done w tiffin. 
I went today with my mom after not having been in a long time. The server straight up told me there is butter in everything, chicken stock in the rice - and my "vegan" go to dish the bharta was taken off the menu. 
This isn't even a vegan beware anymore - this is a completely non vegan establishment.
the reason for the downgrade is that they used to accommodate and they would make dishes without butter. apparently they do not do that anymore.
the place also smelled like the AC was broken and it was stuffy as anything. it was hard to even sit inside there.I used to think best in city but recent quality has decreased. Thought it was a fluke but last few times I was disappointed.baingan bhartha is put through a food processor, that's how its made always. so no that is not strange. anyways i think for non-indians this is a great place as its flavorful and not too spicy. I ate dinner at the restaurant many months ago so  I can't remember my entire meal, I remember the shrimp tikka being too salty but being fresh large pieces of shrimp. And the dessert was lovely, mango flan, which is a great concept, something I'd like to learn to make. Wish it had been around when I was in philly, I'm sure I would've ended up ordering delivery A Lot.Loved the saag paneer. Went to the one in Ardmore.  It was absolutely delicious!Fantastic food. Not the best Indian food I have had (that belongs to India House in Chicago), but it's definetly a close second. The delivery service is fantastic as is the online ordering.I dig Tiffin. It links up with Ekta as my favorite Indian food in the city. It doesn't blow my mind or anything like that, but they do have some dishes that you don't see so often from time to time.Not sure why the mainstream main course is so sweet. Sugar added to accommodate American tastes?I gave it 4 stars for the food - the atmosphere is not bad but hardly a deterrent.  I don't want Le Bec Fin when I am eating Indian.  Great menu, very friendly staff - not a great area but never a problem parking there.  Don't let your paneer saag! (sorry, lame)Absolutely delicious Indian food. I've tried various entrees & everything they had is simply delicious. My favorite dish is shrimp briyani. It's so flavorful. My other favorites include lamb saag and chicken tikka masala. When it comes to appetizers, onion bhaji is the one to pick. The samosas are good, but I've had better.There's not much to say, empty restaurant on a Saturday early evening. If you want real and authentic unassuming, not wash down Indian food, please do yourself a favor and leave this place behind. Flavor profile: sweet and zero spice or heat! How insulting! We order lamb they gave us chicken. I never would go out for chicken, but I would for lamb! By the way I knew it would be below expectation since it was a chain/franchise meaning it can be own and set up by any one, so stay away from chain!I ate in at Tiffin for the first time with a bunch of people. We sat upstairs, which is a spare but nice space with its exposed brick walls and photos of India. It was quiet enough to talk to everyone at the table, which I appreciated.
Eager and hungry, we started off with two orders of all the vegetarian appetizers and then some - samosas (excellent, but how can you go wrong with a samosa), chat (just one variety here, but it's tasty) and onion bhaji. My fish eating friends said the kali mirch was bangin (end quote).
Main course was a big old paneerfest. I think Tiffin's paneer is the best in the city - creamy, chewy, with just the right amount of firmness. Saag paneer was smooth and spinacious (I made that one up), if a little underspiced. Paneer tikka masala was just right, and the malai kofta was dense and rich with a subtly flavored cashew sauce. I also enjoyed the sweet, layered peshawari naan. 
So, after all of us had gorged ourselves, the time came to look at the bill. A friend took Price Is Right-style bids - how much for an unreasonable number of appetizers and main dishes for everyone? The lowball $1 bet won by a lot, and we all left full and happy with leftovers and more money than we expected.They deliver pretty far from my place, gulab jamin was perfect, and an usual  selection of Indian sodas, ordered a few things, but really enjoyed the tikka masala. But a little overpriced.This weekend has been rough for me. My very identity has been shaken to the core.....this is all because I am ready to abandon tiffin. 
I have spent years preaching the gospel of tiffin....I lived around the corner from their girard location and would get either takeout or eat-in almost weekly. i've had basically everything on the menu and would even splurge for the specials: they never let me down! 
then....something sad happened about six months ago. Our takeout just wasn't so flavorful. It lacked the depth of flavor and WOW-factor that drew me to tiffin week after week. We thought it was a fluke and tried again, with the same results. 
I started ordering from their competitor, ekta and was pleasantly surprised...I kept ordering from them and have not been let down. 
But on Friday, my first night back after a month away from Philly, I wanted to revisit my old bff, Tiffin. I did, and was disappointed yet again. The tikka masala was good, don't get me wrong.....but it didn't light up the room the way it used to. 
It is time for me and tiffin to finally break up.  Tiffin: we had a good couple years together but I am leaving you for ekta. You've just let me down too many times and I gotta move on.Best Indian food west of Bombay. Delivery is killer too, but ya gotta order WAY in advance...Put on that Bollywood record, grab a sari and get your groove on...Although I felt like I was in a Subway hoagie joint or a Delicatessan, the food was surprisingly good. We often go to Saffron in ambler which is also a similar Indian neighborhood gem. In contrast to Saffron which is a dining experience with An extensive menu but always trying to market their bottled water, this is much less of a dining experience with a smaller menu but with just slightly better quality food. We enjoyed the appetizers, as well as one fish, one lamb, and one vegetarian dish. If you don't mind having a somewhat constant flow of people walking through the front dining area to get back to the cash register towards the back of the restaurant , Tiffin uwould be a very good choice for an informal restaurant with quality Indian food.I love their food! 
I've only had their food delivered so I have no idea what the restaurant looks or smells like but everything I had there was great!! Its definitely the best Indian food I have had in Philly.For my first go of Indian food I had their chicken pizza and the flat wheat bread with spiced mashed potatoes. It was good but its not my go to for fast food.As far as Tiffin goes, its the best indian food that I've had in Philadelphia.  Everything that I ordered from here is delicious.  Although it can be a little pricey I would highly recommend splurging if you like spicey indian food.5 stars for the first visit, 1 for the second = 3 stars for an average. My boyfriend and I went here for dinner with a Groupon on a Thursday night, food was DELICIOUS! (I don't remember the exact names of everything we got - chili chicken, eggplant, chicken tikka masala, shrimp, pesharawi naan, little donut balls.) Service was great too, and there was plenty of seating. We liked it so much we went back a few days later...the food was a bit different this time (we ordered almost the same things we did on Thursday), but still tasty. We got a table like 10 minutes before a party of 15 came in, so the place was packed; the people who came in after us had to do takeout, apparently there is upstairs seating but renovations or something was happening so they couldn't seat anyone there. Anyway, about three quarters of the way through dinner, my stomach told me it was full and to stop eating. I of course didn't listen, since I knew I could devour everything, and was super hungry before we arrived. But then my boyfriend, who for real chows down, said he felt weird, too. By the time dessert came along, we sadly had to stop eating due to discomfort, and when we left, we sat in the car for about ten minutes, debating whether or not it was the food we just ate that made our bellies feel so bad...painful, almost, like our stomachs told us to stop eating by putting us in pain. Lesson: always listen to your body. I'm not sure what was different in the preparation of our food the second time we went...but maybe it was a fluke. If we had just the first experience here, I would recommend Tiffin to anyone, but the second really put a bad taste in our mouths literally. I will definitely go back, but not for a while, I think, or maybe I'll visit one of their other locations, because undeniably, the food is yummy!! And using a Groupon makes it very affordable.Solid Indian food.  I can order anything from here and assume it is going to taste good.  Minus one incident I had with the chicken being a little dry ... but overall... probably the most reliably good indian in the city.  The only reason it isn't the place I order from all the time is because Minar Palace is significantly cheaper ($5/meal)... but when I feel like treating myself, I order the lamb saag and chicken tikka masala from here :)This place does Indian food right. Quality meat is used and the flavor is AMAZING. I have only ever had delivery but the tikka masala and vindaloo are phenom. I order them every time. The only complaint is a personal one. The chicken tikka is on the bone and I prefer boneless. But still not enough to deduct a star. love love... give it a shot for indian food!great food and delivery!! lamb saag is the bestOK, so not having a lot of experience with Indian food I don't have much to compare Tiffin to. Other then that, they are amazing! I went there for the first time this week, and ordered again the next day. I thought about what I ate and could've be eating all day after ordering too. I don't care if some say this is a watered down version of Indian, its F'ING delicious anyway. This place is affordable and generous with their portions (1 meal is good for 2 people). Highly recommend for anyone who wants amazing take out it NoLibs.[Delivery to University City] We placed a delivery order at 5:30p on a Saturday night.  They seemed very busy and after being on hold was quickly asked for the order and said it would be there in 1hr and 15 minutes.  The food came 15 minutes late.  That said, it was delicious.  The portions were very generous, and came with complementary half portion seasoned, pickled yellow peppers, onions bhaji, and mango chutney.  We will definitely order from here again---we'll just allot for more time :-)Pricey and mediocre.  I'm lucky to be closer to West Philly joints that are cheap and soooo good they make me crave Indian food daily.  
I feel like it's a starter restaurant for people scared of Indian food.  So if you're a beginner, go for it, it's not bad.  It's just not that good.I'm not sure why this considered one of the 50 best restaurants in Philly. The food was okay. I wonder why it seems impossible to get good Indian food in Philly.i have a love / hate with tiffin.  sometimes they tell me there is butter in the rice, then i call back and ask someone else and they say no... when i call in a baingan bharta i always say no dairy .... i feel like the food is ok but i am so hesitant to order from them.Hands down my favorite Indian food in the city so far. I've only gotten delivery so I can't speak to the in store experience, but everything was so nicely packaged in its little plastic containers that it was almost worth it just for that. The meal came with a few different kinds of chutneys and condiments, and lovely basmati rice.
The samosas were crunchy on the outside, soft, tender and spicy on the inside, and the chicken vindaloo was fabulous. ACTUALLY spicy, not just "spicy." My mouth was a little hot after ripping apart the tender chunks of chicken, stewed with (red peppers?) The whole meal was highly satisfying, and one serving was enough for two people, with the appetizers.
A bit pricey but totally worth it. I'm just waiting for an excuse to order again!Honestly they must be overrated in some of the sites in social media. I can confirm badly booked lamb roganjosh with uncooked lamb, uncooked veggies in the veg biryani, onion naan bad taste. Frankly their cooks and chef need to be fired. Service bad.When it first opened, I was obsessed with Tiffin. But the quality of the food is just okay, you definitely get what you pay for here. 
Although I am grateful they deliver to my hood, it usually takes forever to get my food. As in, we need to order before we actually get hungry or else we'll be starving by the time it comes. The delivery people are always nice and apologize if the food is late.
The Chicken Vindaloo is nice and spicy, this is probably my favorite entree. The runny Baingan Bharta looks like it has been put through a food processor, which is strange. Saag Paneer, usually my favorite dish, is just okay. Tiffin's doesn't have as much cheese as I like and it isn't very smooth. 
I love that they include a side dish, it is always a pleasant surprise to try something new. Once they sent chicken soup that almost put my mother's to shame (almost, mom, just almost). But the condiments leave something to be desired, especially the mango chutney.
I recommend not ordering nan if you're getting delivery because it tends to be a bit soggy by the time you get it. Instead I keep some in my freezer, it takes only a minute or two to heat up in the oven.The servers are all very nice.  The pace is a bit slow considering we were one of two tables.  I had fond memories of past meals at Tiffin; that was years ago.  Recently, when I went back, the food wasn't the same.  It wasn't as flavorful as I remembered.  The malai kofta was hard; sauce was okay.  The lamb dish was bland.  The rice was sticky and clumpy.  I'll have to find another Indian restaurant in the city...I'm writing this from the perspective of a take-out customer since I have never actually been to the restaurant(s).
My name is Pat and I am a Tiffinaholic.  I admit it.  I just can't stay away.
I started ordering from Tiffin for lunch almost as soon as word was out that they did this cool lunch thing called "tiffins".  Modeled after a lunch-time practice in India, It's a set meal consisting of 3 dishes plus basmati rice and a few accompaniments (relishes).  Each day they offer 3 different tiffins:  there is a common vegetable dish, a common dahl and a main dish that is different -- you can select from one of 2 vegetarian dishes or one meat dish.  The cost is $7.50 for veg and $8.50 for meat.
You used to be able to order just a single tiffin, but I think the high price of gas, plus the fact that many people weren't even tipping the delivery people, made them put a $15 minimum on delivery.  That means you either need to order with someone else & get 2 tiffins, or increase your order by adding a side dish, a bread, an app or even just by ordering a regular meal instead of a tiffin.  You can order by phone, or you can order on their website.  I find it really convenient to order on the web site.  I even pay for it (including the tip, if I wish), via PayPal.  That way, when the food is delivered, all I have to to is meet the delivery person, smile, and begin drooling -- no wasted time fumbling for cash.
I work in center city (west), between Suburban and 30th Street Stations.  You can pick your lunch delivery "window" as 11-12 or 12-1.  No matter which I choose, it usually gets there noonish.  Since I work in a high-rise, the driver calls me about 2 minutes out so I can just pop on down to the lobby to fetch my lunch.  I have even ordered for later in the day, and ordered a "feast" to take home on the train for dinner.  My husband likes Indian food, but my daughter will KILL for it, so it's usually a party when I bring it home.  The down side is that I need to put up with stares on the train because the aroma tends to waft through the car and cause spontaneous IFFs (Indian Food Fits) amongst the other passengers.  I find it's also wise to have another bag I can put the Tiffin bag into just to avoid leakage.
The food is awesome.  It is spicy, so be forewarned  (my tolerance for spicy food is not as great as it used to be).  They will not adjust the spice on the tiffin meals, probably because they are making them in bulk and Indian food has layered spices -- you can't just add a dash of hot sauce at the end to take it up a notch.  Be careful to check your order.  They are a lot better than they used to be, but sometimes an item is missing, sometimes they forget to give you a plate or plasticware.  If you do find a glitch, just call them and they will do their best to make it right.
Whether you just want a treat at lunch that will drive your coworkers crazy with the smell, or want to make an event of it by getting a bunch of people to order at the same time, give Tiffin a try.  They post their new weekly menu on Sunday, so you can check out the website on Sunday night to get your juices flowing for the week to come.  They also have monthly app and main dish specials.  I have found that they are branching out more and more lately with different dishes, probably as the result of input from a new chef, therefore they repeat old favorites, but also have some very interesting new things.  Now they've added a "Tiffin card" that you can sign up for, promising deals like "a Tiffin and a movie", a free meal on your birthday, and other stuff.  You can be the first in your neighbor hood or cube farm to have one!
If you see the Mango Chicken or Butter Chicken, jump on it!  You won't be sorry!
www.tiffin.comI was a big fan of Tashan, and was very disappointed when it was closed. But Tiffin, its more casual and affordable sibling, is doing a good job. My review is for the Girard Avenue location, which in my opinion has the best kitchen of all Indian restaurants in the region, including all other branches of Tiffin.
This location is nothing fancy. It is more of a takeout and delivery place, although there are a couple of tables to dine in. But if you are a food lover, and only interested in the flavour and authenticity of the food, then this is the place to be!
The prices may seem a little dear for take out Indian food, but the quality would give you no complains. All entrées come with a complementary serving of white rice, daal (lentils), and 2 pickles (one is red onion and the other is their absolutely delicious mango chutney). This place currently serves the most genuine Indian food in the Greater Philadelphia region!
I can't comment on their delivery practices as I stay out of the city limits, but I am sure their logistics would be fine as they are really huge on delivering.
I would have given them 5 stars, if I was not born and raised in India, and I were not cooking Indian food for myself regularly. Let's be real, very few restaurants can actually recreate the magic of home cooked food! So for all practical purposes, consider this review as a 5 star!Food is great, and service on the phone is good...there is my 3 stars. Let's talk delivery. My review for speed, 0. And the review for the delivery guy, 000. I don't know about how other people tip, but I will not tip more than 5.00 for delivery. I mean, the delivery guy did not make the food and he sure didn't get it here fast...in fact, after we last ordered, my husband gave the amount owed and gave him a five dollar bill as a tip. The "gentleman" then asked, yes ASKED, for 10% the bill as his tip. My hubby simple told him to have a nice night with his $5.00. Not sure if this is a thing implemented my the shop, but if not, this guy and anyone doing similar should be fired! Poor form Tiffin.I've had better Indian food and for a cheaper price. 
paneer tikka: cheese cubes were dry, not enough sauce
Vegetable jalfrezi: it seemed like it was just peppers and maybe a few green beans. 
Onion and lasooni naan were pretty good
There wasn't enough food for the amount I paid.This has been our "go to" Indian for over 5 years, but we will now look elsewhere.  Quality down, prices up, and last night's delivery order took 3 hours and 20 minutes to come.  They would not answer their phone, so we gave up and made spaghetti.  When we called to see why it was so ridiculously late, they said they had "been busy."  Too many customers, they clearly don't need our business anymore.Philly has a particular dearth of decent Indian places. Tiffin has indeed filled that void for me, I can't believe it took this long to discover it. While yet to venture to the restaurant, I've enjoyed take-out several times since discovery and while not the best Indian I've had, I have been more than impressed each time.
Avoiding their website is probably a good idea but I guess necessary if you're checking out the menu. It'll take a while to figure it out but don't be deterred. A couple of ordering attempts have resulted in server errors so I've given up. Also keep in mind that delivery may take a while so give yourself plenty of time (up to 1.5 hours) but again, well worth it.This is my favorite Indian restaurant thus far.  I have sampled the vegetarian and non-vegetarian diet and they are equally as tasty.  I'm always weary of vegetarian dishes because I really like to eat meat but I am never disappointed with the malai kofta or the palak paneer.  The portions are good enough to share.  Usually, I will go with a friend and we each order an entree and then split it.  I have nothing negative to say about the food.  It's divine.  The sauces are creamy and thick instead of like watery and bland.  The food is perfectly spiced and you can ask for it to be more spicy if you want.  
The service, however, is iffy and can be annoyingly slow or they won't come back for a while and your mouth is burning without water.  Without that I'd give this place a 5 based on food easily.I go to the Elkins park and Girard locations. The butter chicken is the best in the city, the fish appetizer is to die for. I love the lamb vindaloo it's not on the menu but I have been ordering it for years. I have been going here since there was just one location. I watched this place grow. It use to be cheaper but every year they raise the price which takes away from the original appeal which was good food for an incredible price, now the price has changed. It is by far not expensive it's maybe $30 a person if you order an appetizer and soda- which is still affordable but it use to be a lot cheaper. However Tiffin has the best Indian in Philly.We celebrated my daughter's birthday in the upstairs party room and everything was perfect! From assisting with set up for the party to resetting the room for our family dinner that followed, the service was incredible. The food was well prepared and perfectly spiced - exceeding our high expectations from past excellence. Don't let the neighborhood fool you into thinking this is just a take out joint - make the trip! (Although I do suggest you make a reservation as they can get quite busy with only a few tables and a tremendous take out/delivery business.)I can prepare better Indian fare in my sleep.  Not only that, but it took them two hours to deliver our food, even though I only live a few blocks away, and they even brought some wrong items.  It took them another 90 minutes to pick up the wrong food and bring back the correct ones that were missing, and they tasted like vomit.
To be fair, I have spent a considerable amount of time in the U.K., where a good curry can be found in any town or city there, so I am spoiled when it comes to Indian.Having just paned Bindi downtown, I have to give a little respect to my neighborhood spot. 
 Tiffin is good, homestyle Indian cuisine. The main dishes are all good. The pakoras are the same my mother-in-law makes (Assamese style). 
 It's a little pricey, but not bad considering. Especially good for delivery on these cold winter nights. 
 Coming from someone that lived in India for a while, this is the only place in the city (minus the International Foods in west philly) i will consider for Indian food. 
 they get a 4 in my book only because the 5's go to Udupi Dosa house in Bensalem and Devi in Exton. Can't get better without going to Edison, NJ.My girlfriend and I went to Tiffin for lunch on Sunday around 3 PM.  We were the only people there but they had plenty of take out calls coming in.  The food was tasty with plenty of flavor.  The naan was fresh and warm.  The sauces and main dishes were not very spicy.  I will probably ask them to make it more spicy for me in the future.
I've had plenty of Indian cuisine in the past from buffet style to fancy restaurants.  Tiffin stacks up pretty well on the cost to tastyness scale but might be a little bit overpriced.Tiffin is awesome.
At my office, we order from them about once a week. The food is always delicious.
A few weeks ago, we went to their new dining room. It's small and kind of cramped, but who cares when the service is friendly and the food is outstanding?Indian food that is actually spicy when you ask for it spicy??!? (& its still flavorful!) I am surprised by how good it is for being a chain- very impressive for Indian food.Blech.. the delivery wasn't that good and for the price, you can hit up Sitar in University City for lunch and get the AYCE buffet. The curries are too thin for my taste, and I don't like that weird lentil soup that comes with the food.Quick delivery. Nice long grained rice, I find the tika masala a little too creamy tho.