Cool bar, like the fruity beers and the friendly staff. Good Lowkey hangout with a small group.Stay away from this place. For the bartenders upstairs learn how to f***ing make drinks and not to skip other ppl. You guys sucks. Food sucks you all sucks. 
Learn how to freaking make the damn drinks too. Worse play in Philly. Stay away .Let me start by saying this is where my wife and I got married, back when it was The Corner. It was our secret brunch spot, decent and not crowded, when she lived in the neighborhood. One might expect that our expectations were high, but in reality, we've been rooting for this place, any place, to succeed here.
We hadn't been back since that day. We skipped Mamou, because we never really dug the menu. It's regrettable because when we walked upstairs, we felt instant nostalgia of that great day.
Ok, this doesn't sound much like a review, but I wanted to set the stage. I noticed when a lot of people review Tiki they have unrealistic expectations or they compare it to other restaurants in the neighborhood. But, let's take it for what it is, as it is.
It's a great location and the outdoor patio in this neighborhood may never be matched. We came for light fare and drinks. We had the fried pork dumplings, spicy beef summer rolls, and the Boa buns were all great. I'm no foodie and it may not attract those types from across the city but it fits. I don't know, I feel like this isn't a place you come for high end food, but won't be disappointed if you're hungry. It's delicious. And one more thing, the service here did a great job. Well done!
That's it. Do something different. Have fun. Summer's almost over.Pretty good for happy hour. My sangria tasted great, but I believe I could have gotten more for the happy hour price. Still, I'd return here if I wanted to go somewhere to grab a happy hour drink and some bites. The dumplings were good, albeit a bit greasy and not necessarily hot.it's a cute lil spot~ i like the location, the decor, the drinks~ however, i will definitely have to say that this place is PRICEY! i got the "California gurl" and it was $10.  DELICIOUS! but also a very small drink with mostly ice... 
also, right now they don't offer any happy hour specials so when we stopped by around 5:30pm, it was pretty easy to grab a table since there was no happy hour rush.
so those are just some things to work on~ if the price range goes down along with some promos offers, i'm sure the crowd would be rushing in to try this place~  
best of luck Tiki!- TIP:  Get a Zombie -- it's potent.  Also their Happy Hour runs 6-8 -- which is at least an hour later that the norm.
- CON: Not the most inventive tiki menu -- nothing really sticks out besides the typical Zombie, Mai Tai, etc.  
- BOTTOM LINE:  I really want this place to be great.  Rooftop tiki bar with a great happy hour schedule.  This city could use a great tiki bar.  But this place isn't great; it's a bit unoriginal & uninspired.  Still -- it is a decent tiki bar.Overall tiki bar has a fun tropical atmosphere. I enjoy the drink, Gwen Stefani since it has Kahlua. My fiancé enjoys the Piña Colada. Service is fine and I like that there's two floors and a rooftop. I prefer the first floor since there's usually less people. This place gets 2 stars for a few reasons. 
1) It's fun getting tropical drinks in the city. Tropical drinks are my favorite. 
2) The drinks are a bit pricey for the setting. 
3) The choice of decor is a Ganesh. http://www.bbc.co.uk/religion/religions/hinduism/holydays/ganesh.shtml
4) I contacted them through the contact us feature on the website stating that the decor could be offensive to certain patrons as myself. I never told
them to take it down since it's not my bar. However I don't think a bar should have a certain religion's symbol/god/deity as decor next to Tiki themed items. Anyways I sent them an email on Sunday and haven't received a response.
Anyways I recommend tiki bar if you are craving a tropical drink. However, the prices are steep and there are other good bars around. Also the offensive decor is not my favorite.Decent. Been here a couple of times and honestly the tiki theme seems a bit touristy but overall it's a good spot. Outdoor deck can get super crowded, especially when it's nice, but inside was a fine alternative. $20 buckets for 5 coronas is a great deal, but unfortunately they ran out of coronas which was very disappointing. The alternative was yuenglings which doesn't really go with the tiki theme. Anyway decent bar that I'm not sure about returning to as the summer approaches I'll want an outdoor spot, and the deck here is very small.Haters going to hate, hate, hate I guess.
This place was solid, and is deserving of much higher than its current rating.
Ended up here by mistake on a cold winter night with my old man. The staff was very kind, the beers were very reasonably priced for the area, and the atmosphere was that of a purposefully unique bar experience in a city that seems to have more pubs compared to other nightlife options than other US cities (not a critique of Philly, it's a great place). These folks gave us a better than expected experience, hence the four star rating.Tiki was a an all around decent place. However, it felt just that because I don't think it stands out as being amazing in any category. Decor was decent, the roof top bar was small, but nice. I felt the drink prices were comparable to other bars around the area and they tasted good. 
When it came to food, the food was again decent. I ordered pork dumplings and some mango grilled chicken boa bun. I thought the dumplings had good flavor and good texture. The Bao Bun was interesting, it had a mango habanero sauce that was a little sour and spicy on the traditional fluffy Bao Bun. The chicken was grilled well, but I was not the biggest fan of the sauce. We also had an order of lettuce wraps which I did not personally eat, but from my friends reactions, for some, the sauce was too spicy and a little bit hard to eat, but that could be the nature of the lettuce wrap in general. 
Overall, I would go back cause I felt it was still a good time. I think I still left a little hungry for how much I spent, but like I have echoed multiple times in this review; Tiki is good and average.Cool bar, like the fruity beers and the friendly staff. Good Lowkey hangout with a small group.Tiki has a great atmosphere--laid back, cool and fun! Really nothing else like it in the city. I stopped by alone for an after work drink and sat at the second floor bar. I loved the adorable rooftop but it was too hot the day I visited to enjoy. I had the "Punching Nemo" drink and it was served in a cool Tiki Mask glass. The bartenders seemed really knowledgable as there are a lot of complicated, interesting drinks on the menu. The decor just put a smile on my face and I'm curious to come back and try the small bites. Definitely a place to visit and enjoy the summer!The establishment looks awesome from the outside. That's the last good part of your experience.  
Menu is awful, drinks are putrid, and staff is rude. Would give 0 stars if I could.  I will never go back.I am not in the habit of writing negative reviews, but I'll make an exception this time. I went there with my girlfriend on a Saturday night, ordered a Titos and club, and a Bluecoat and tonic. For relevance sake, I have bartender for about 4 years. The bartender poured less than 2 counts, which is half a shot, and I paid $18 for two singles. I talked to the manager, and he told me to show him the drinks, which I promptly did. He proceeded to pour me half a shot of well vodka and well gin to "compensate" for the underpour, despite me clearly telling him what brands I paid for, then said "good" and sent me on my way. I am not arguing about the price, I still tipped for my drinks, I am complaining about the complete lack of professionalism and daylight (moonlight in my case) robbery, where they are overcharging people for NOT getting the amount they're paying for. It is dishonest and bad business. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Give your money to honest businesses if you want to go out.Drinks are average. Went there on a Thursday night and the place was pretty dead. Never been there any other day so I can't comment on that. I got the sangria which was strong but not the best I've had. Only good for groups so you can liven the place up.A solid hawaiian / tiki bar that could be so much better. The best part is the upstairs rooftop that's really fun to hangout and drink. Food is good for asian fusion snacks but Sampan is much better.You gotta be careful throwing the word "tiki" around these days with the slow resurgence of that theme. Beach bar is more appropriate for this venue especially in a town that does not cater to a rum drinker (odd since rum played a part in the revolution).  A bottle of clement was spotted but this is mostly a Bacardi bar with bright lights and colors.  Hangover Sunday was the theme of most of the mixed drinks.I was pleasantly surprised by Tiki. The sips menu seemed pretty good so I came for the first time. It wasn't too crowded before 5:45. I ordered the park dumplings and edamame dumplings. I really liked the pork dumplings and highly recommend those! But, the drinks were just not that good. They clearly had a watered down, lower quality of drinks for sips. My sangria was also way, way too sweet. I would hope their drinks from their normal menu would be better when I go back.Philly needed a Tiki bar for everyone. Like one that's not hipster-ironic, but playful-ironic--in a "let's get screwed up on 151" kinda way. 
They had expensive tiki bar drinks, but for some reason (sips, maybe) everyone was drinking Tecate cans, which was boring. I had to get a goofy beverage, because that's the point of tiki bars. It was good, the food was better. Pork bao buns and chicken satay were better than expected.
I am excited to go in the winter. I hope they keep the outside open so that we can all feel that ironic hawaiian breeze.Great classic tiki drinks. Music sets a great vibe. Knowledgable staff that were really having fun! I enjoy going to bars where the staff love what they do....makes my tiki drink taste even better! Get a zombie!Ordered a trash can and was very disappointed. It was $13 and they couldn't be bothered to even use a full can of redbull. Other than the atmosphere is nice.Really cool bar in downtown Philly-- especially the decor. Went right when it opened since I was waiting to catch the Megabus back to New York. Staff was super friendly and the rooftop was great.
The menu has a variety of drinks.
Definitely get the pork dumplings!Tiki Philly I think you can do better! 
Shrimp pot stickers were great the ramen was okay the egg was weird and seemed like it had been sitting and the tofu bao buns I wanted to love but were way too salty... the lettuce wrap fell apart in my hand and the drinks seemed a bit over priced for the quality. 
Sad to say but I don't think I'd give them a second try.Horribly disappointed. I'm no fan of the yachtsman's dj vibe, but at least they know how to make a tropical drink. I doubt the people behind this have ever tasted a real mai tai in their lives, otherwise they'd be ashamed of the sickeningly sweet garbage they serve.I was so excited to come and try tiki hoping the drinks, food and atmosphere would make you feel welcome and relaxed. You walk into empty downstairs where no one guides you where to go or where to sit. The drinks are awful. Ordered the sangria and got a half Glass of chilled wine with no fruit, rum, or brandy as it said it should have. Tried the Hemingway and only tasted lime juice instead of rum, grapefruit, and luxardo. A friend got the tikila and it had nothing but lime juice soda and tequila no ginger as it said. Then got the El presidente which tasted of cough syrup. So disappointing. The upstairs outside has no light, heat, or music. The waitress seems uninterested in working at all. Won't be returning here. Over priced drinks for the tiny little bit you get. Don't even bother with this place.A rooftop tiki experience! Sign me up!  I took the husband to the rooftop to enjoy a fun tiki drink while we enjoyed a gorgeous summer night.  We were lucky enough to grab then share a table outside.  The ladies we shared the table with were fun and gave us pointers as to where to go next.  Drinks were not cheap but they were delicious.Lovely new island themed rooftop bar in the heart of center city! Came for sips with some friends and got the blue rum party jawns and I also tried the orange one. The blue was a bit bitter but I liked the orange- tangy and a bit sweet. They reminded me of the fish bowls at Stuff Yer Face at Rutgers in New Brunswick! 
Fast friendly service, beautiful rooftop area, and drinks reminiscent of home- will have to be back to try the island themed food too!I enjoyed the atmosphere of Tiki. They had a live DJ who played great club music. A few friends and I went immediately to the back tiki bar where there was a lot more space. From my one experience, unfortunately it took at least 25 minutes to order a drink. I understand it takes time to make cocktails. I believe it would be wise of management to add an extra bartender at nights considering the large crowds that come in here. Delicious cocktails and frozen drinks and the price range is between $9-15  for a single drink.Cool tiki bar in downtown Philly. I have been when it was low-key and on a Friday night when a DJ was spinning awesome beats. I blame the DJ for spending inordinate amounts of money on alcohol and dancing the night away, lol. 
The drink menu has a ton of drinks and great variety. I have enjoyed every drink I have gotten. There is a limited app menu which is a bummer but the options are tasty and consist of dumplings, skewers. 
Can't wait to check out the rooftop bar when the weather warms up.Wow, quite possibly the worst bar in Center City. No, I take that back. It is, in fact, the worst bar in Center City.Drinks were great when we got them after 20 minutes of being upstairs at an unpopular time. 
Bartender spilled a drink on my friend and kept it on the bill. Girls were consistently served first over us (group of guys). Never brought out the one drink bowl we ordered for our friend's birthday. 
Atmosphere is cozy and nice for group settings.My girlfriend and I were so excited to go here! I was looking for a great frozen tropical drink, and too my surprise they didn't have any. Weird! 
Did not get a good vibe. The bartender had a slight attitude and snickered when I asked for a frozen drink. She was kinda unfriendly which appears to be working because it was not that busy. Odd. 
Cool space. Cute decorations. My drink was OK, I don't think I'd come back based on the service to be honest. I felt uncomfortable. It's a great idea, i just wouldn't expect paradise.I really like this spot and I can't figure out why it's always dead when everywhere else on the block is packed. The drinks are fun and unique, and they have some great happy hour food specials. When you can't get a spot at El Vez or Barbuzzo, try this place for a quick drink & some bao buns.Meh just not my kind of bar scene. 
The happy hour menu was confusing. 
You have to go to the bar and order everything so no wait service (or at least there wasn't when we went). 
The advantage is that the place was pretty quiet and empty for happy hour so if you want low this is a good spot.Came here one night because we wanted to sip some drinks on a rooftop deck. The place itself was fine. We only ordered vodka clubs, but the prices were reasonable. I'm here to say how rude the male bartenders were upstairs last Friday night. Not friendly. Very condescending. Aren't you guys working for tips? It was enough to make me never come back.Walking around we found Tiki. Hungry we decided to try it. From a service standpoint it's excellent. Friendly staff and service is quick. This is where it goes down hill... Food and drink menu are really small. With a small menu you expect it to be amazing. The food portions are tiny. Not even enough to really share. Not to mention kinda bland. Drinks were to overpowering. You should be able to enjoy a drink while getting drunk... I had to down mine like a shot only because I didn't want to taste of anyone. 
3 stars only for the service. It's the best I've had in Philly so far. Sorry to say food and drink are lacking for the price.Great happy hour spot, and probably awesome for SIPS although I have yet to go for that. $4 pounders, $6 really really good sangria, no complaints here! Plus happy hour dumplings are only $5 and suuuuuper tasty. The only complaint is that happy hour has weird timing from 6-8 rather than 5-7 so my group really just loitered around until the clock struck 6, but it did not hinder our evening at all. 
Don't forget to go up to the rooftop! Pleasant atmosphere and an easygoing staff. Will come back!Tiki lacks personality and the little that exists (some greenery and tiki torches, plus beach umbrellas) is overshadowed by the scads of similarly nondescript young people that crowd into the rooftop bar like sardines and shout over each other.
Happy hour specials include domestic beer and well versions of island cocktails (think Dark and Stormy) for $5 or less. The bar gets extremely crowded, so if you can snag a table, you will fare better with the servers.
This venue has a lot of potential with the roofdeck, but the atmosphere is less than inviting, especially when patrons are obliged to elbow through a crowd just for a chance to get the bartender's attention.I was on my way to another bar in the area and saw this tropical-vibe bar and just had to stop by. I was a fan! It's kind of small but very cute. The upstairs was where I was at and the bartenders were friendly and fast. I love all the tropical drink choices. My only recommendation would be to incorporate more AC or fans, because it wasn't crowded at all and I was still sooooooo hot.Happened upon this place on a Saturday night and had a great time, friendly bartenders, fun dj and crowd. Would definitely recommendWas I am in Jamaica or Center City?!? I still ain't sure! 
Is it the best service ever, greatest food, or best atmosphere in town?? No, no, and NO. 
Do they have a great drink menu, island feel, and fantastic vibes?! Hell yes! You get what you expect! Stop by for a strong drink and escape from the city jungle! Why not?I've never experienced a worse bar. I sat down at the bar and the bar tender looked at me and then turned away and offered water to everyone else at the bar. After pouring the water he stood around for a while and then other people came up to the bar. He began serving them as I sat there waiting. After serving them s bunch of my friends started sitting at the bar after me. He went to my friend next to me and we both tried to order and he ignored me. He then came back with her drink and told me he would take my order after serving the entire bar. After serving at least 6 people he came back to serve another person next to me while I tried to order and he ignored me again. Finally a friend ordered for me and he began to make my drink while giving me a dirty look. I watched him shake the drink and then grab a DIRTY glass from a returned tray instead of a new glass and poured my drink in it. I will NEVER return to this place and it's a disgrace.This Place.... not a fan. I guess I should have known when there was zero line at 4:45pm and everywhere else was busting at the seams. We wanted a Anal before a late dinner!  Employees were sweet but the food was worse than horrible. I could buy better dumplings and Bao buns at Trader Joe's. Totally different drinks tasted similar and overly sweet. I can't say this restaurant belongs next to the others that are surrounding it. Would not recommend at all.This right here is a hidden gem in Philly. Beautiful scenery. Has a rooftop. The menu only has few finer foods. Just enough to put a quick snack in your stomach for the drinks. The crowd was pretty small but overall the place is clean and cool gives you a Hawaiian feel with the colors and palm trees. The music was more of an island feel and not too loud so you can hear your company talk. They can use a little more staff because it was only 2 waiters on the second floor serving about 20-30 people. Idk how many was downstairs because I went straight to the rooftop. I would definitely recommend this place.We stopped by here on a whim late afternoon for a quick bite and some beer, found incredible dumplings, great beer, friendly atmosphere, great prices. Definitely a place you should visit.
I'd like to post a longer review with more details but this is all that happened, I can say this is a place you will enjoy in the afternoon.This was a fun place to go for happy hour and the upper level has a fun view. I liked the Tiki theme and atmosphere they created. The pan seared dumplings were also very tasty but the prices were a little high for what you get. 
I went for happy hour and bought a $6 sangria (originally $9) and my hubby bought a $5 old fashioned (which was well made and tasty) and a $15 zombie which didn't taste amazing but he said it was strong. 
I probably wouldn't go here again because the price point doesn't match the quality and ambiance. If you were bar hopping in the area for happy hour though this would be a nice stop!I don't write many reviews but I needed to for this place. 
This venue is badass. Two floors, walls covered with unique colorful artwork and a badass walk out rooftop upstairs that I spent most of my time at. 
The staff was great! This was the first weekend opened so I can only imagine how stressful it was but they were on point throughout the night. 
The food fit perfectly and I loved that I could order a little of everything without killing my wallet.
I had the rooftop Tikila to drink and if the rest of the drinks on the menu were as good as this then it showed me the bartenders were experienced and understood what they were working with. 
Overall I had great vibes from before I even stepped foot in this place and they exceeded what I had envisioned for this type of bar. Go experience it for yourself!Tiki is a cute little bar with some interesting cocktails (the Gwen Stefani). There is two floors which are very narrow, but they have tables on one and room to dance on the other. The downstairs area is dimly light, while the second floor is not. The music is also pretty loud on the first floor. I tried the shark attack (raspberry vodka, lemon, blue curaçao, grenadine) and it was delicious. The only thing is that because it's narrow when it starts to get crowded it can feel a little claustrophobic.Held a corporate work event with extremely disappointing results. Guests were showing up and leaving because there were no drinks, food was sparse and out hours after it should have been. When they did bring food out, it was an appetizer at a time for dozens of people, it was swarmed so quickly that it was gone before anybody could even blink. My team turned into cocktail waiters to make up for their lack in staffing. Could not believe it!I really really really really did not care for this place. Me and my girlfriend were looking forward to going to Vedge for happy hour but the bar was full (massive womp) so she suggested we give this place a try. My first thought when I walked upstairs to the appropriately decorated tiki bar was, "this décor looks like its from the dollar store". It really reminded me of my Wildwood shore house back in the day. But atmosphere aside, the staff was very friendly, the bartender was attentive. However, it wasn't super crowded when we arrived. After about 15 minutes it got super crowded and the vibe was very bro-y. Lot's of guys in polos standing way to close to me at the bar, literally touching me when there was a whole other end of the room pretty open.
The food was a hard "meh" with extremely expensive prices for what they were. I got the mushroom bao buns and it was $9. Now I thought for $9 at a tiki bar there will probably be like 3/4 on the plate given that Buddakan charges $15 for a similar but way tastier dish. And then there was only two on the plate!! I thought it was a rip off because it didn't even taste that good. The edamame dumplings were also sub-par. Thankfully they were on special for $3. 
All in all, there are way better places in Philly, so I give this place a hard meh.This place sadly didn't live up to all the hype I expected. It seemed so exciting that there was going to be an outdoor "tiki bar" in Center City, come on, tropics in the city? Sounds great! Well it was a short lived fantasy. The bar is upstairs with both an indoor bar (where the drinks are) and a tiny outdoor patio. Now I won't hate on the size because it is the city so space is limited. Really the decor didn't live up. All of the decorations look like they were purchased at the local dollar store, cheap and tacky.
The service was meh and the drink prices were reasonable. However, this is a lame excuse for a tiki bar, where are the crazy tropical drinks and fun coconut like mugs? There is a another tiki place in Northern Liberties. At first, that didn't live up to the hype either but now in comparison I'd rather take the trip to NoLibs for my tropical paradise needs.The bouncer is a douche bag. Took away my real ID and went on to claim it was fake! He then went on to say I could get it back for $20. All I had was $10 so I gave him that and got my ID back. The place looked very dead for a Saturday night. You guys lost a lot of business especially since we were in a group of 10.Didn't eat here but a great place to chill and have a couple beers. The bartenders were very friendly to chat up as well.Idk why every restaurant that is in this location fails,  but this place is on its way there. First off the layout. The outdoor area upstairs is cramped and the tables are situated mostly around the perimeter. If you don't have a table you're standing out there like cows in a field and it's awkward. Second, drink menu is horrible at happy hour. Some weird punch that tasted like medicine. Thirdly, food menu is like shish kabobs and dumplings. If you want real food, their dinner menu is just larger amounts of said kabobs and dumplings. Hard pass bro. Can't wait til the next thing comes into this location and hoping it's better bc it really can't be much worse."VILE"
"It's like f'd up kool-aid you never want to drink again."
"1 part water, 3 parts blue food colors, 1 part sugar."My friends and I came to this cool spot Saturday evening. We went right upstairs, sat at a table and ordered drinks. Not too crowded, well we beat the crowd! The drinks were great, strong but we were glad they were considering the prices. The drinks ranged from $10-$16. Average price for where they're located in philly, I'd say. Then we got the fish bowl drink, very good. Worth the price around $35, and that served the 4 of us perfectly. This was a great place, and we would definitely come back again. I'd like to try their snack foods, like the dumplings and Scallion pancakes.Tiki Philly is one of the few Tiki bars in Philly and actually the first one I'd ever been to. It's a small place on lively 13th Street and near lots of other places to eat and drink, making it an ideal place for a fun night out. 
I come here and stumbled into one of my favorite cocktails anywhere, their Singapore Sling. This is tart, refreshing, cool, and *strong.* It's gin, Cherry Heering (a cherry liqueur), Benedictine (a French liqueur, apparently with a 500-year-old recipe and traditionally with 30 ingredients (thanks Google!)), pineapple, and lime. 
Two of those, I'm not going anywhere else on 13th Street, I'm going to bed! 
I've unfortunately only tried one other drink, the pina colada, which I did not like at all, but that could have been just me not particularly loving pina coladas in the first place. 
The whole place is not very big and there is a charming upstairs patio, but it's easily crowded so be careful. 
The service here is nice and I've never had any rude interactions with the bartenders. They've been perfectly happy to answer all my questions and make recommendations.Went for a drink and to catch the end of a playoff basketball game...staff was rude and self absorbed. First time there and the last time. 
Asked the DJ to play a song, he refused and gave some smug reply. Fine...don't play the only song the two people in the place want to hear. Play what you want, you are all that matters. 
Asked if we could just watch the last 5.6 seconds of the quadruple OT basketball game and the staff refused, said they were closing, made us leave.
Better places - won't make the same mistake twice.Glad to see this space being put to good use! Such a great location and we do not have enough tiki bars in Philly. Two stories with a roof perfect for people watching - especially of drunkards doing amusing thing. I plan on spending a lot of time on the roof this summer... the fact that it is run by a hawt guy doesn't hurt!Bottomline: Cool spot for sipping a refreshing tiki drink on an outdoor terrace.
TIKI: Proper tiki is difficult to achieve given the high variety of fresh juice and rum requirement. Maintenance often falls by the wayside and the novelty of the concept often wears off. In the wake of The Yachtman's departure and the advent of The Franklin's upstairs annex reinvention as a tiki bar, Tiki has taken over the torch, so the speak, as senior Philly tiki bar.
DRINKS: The drinks don't stray too far from the basic tiki formula, but they aren't perfect either. This isn't Smuggler's Cove and some of the drink ideas are a bit off. In spite of menu inconsistency, there are some well-executed drinks that are worth imbibing.
CURSE: There is something awkward about the setup as a converted walkup. The split between floors has let to the demise of many a bar and restaurant within a short time span. The terrace is lovely if used often and well. Philly needs a tiki bar; but, can tiki survive in Philly?Bartenders are uninterested. Smells like wet garbage right out front so the most appealing parts (upstairs patio and front big window) are ruined. The mai tai should have cost $8. $10 if it was served with a smile. 
Why is this location cursed? Can a serious restaurant owner please come in and do something in this potentially awesome space?I'm so happy to see that Tiki has opened! In this neighborhood they have some stiff competition, and they have a lot of kinks to work out. 
To my surprise there is an upstairs and downstairs (with plentiful air conditioning) and of course the outside patio. I have to knock a star off because while the decor is cool, it seems as if they could do a little more I make it more "authentic" looking. Maybe though this place is just a little too new and needs some breaking in. We tried the Kane and Boom (Jim Beam, rye, charred pineapple, bitters and sugar) and a Rivertowne Hala Kahini Pineapple beer. The beer list is well matched to the theme with a lot of fruity light beers. The cocktail was small but very strong! Like knocked my boyfriend on his butt after one strong.
I cannot overlook the fact that we had some sort of free large rum drink, and while normally free drinks taste the best, this was actually atrocious. We are all pretty big drinkers and none of us could stomach this drink. My friend had the pork bao buns and she spend the entire night vomiting and on the toilet, so take that as you will. I would be wary of ordering food here until they get into a better groove. There is definitely not an excuse for this but I would be willing to come back for a beer on their patio.Cheap happy hour drinks and wontons. Drinks were tolerable. Wontons were delicious and light. Tried the pork bao buns and they were weird. Not fine dining, but decent prices and the happy hour runs 6-8 which is great for a still getting happy hour prices when you work late.Definitely a cute place. $11 "Tikila" was in a small plastic cup & not as strong as I thought it would be. Not a large selection of drinksCame here with a friend for some drinks one afternoon. The atmosphere is cute and the drink choices are fun. We sat inside because it was a little chilly, but I've heard the upstairs area is nice too. The drinks were good, but the bartenders seemed irritated to be serving everyone. I would come back and maybe try the upstairs outdoor area.I went with a small group for drinks while waiting for our dinner reservation next door. We sat outside on the second floor terrace and ordered mixed drinks and beer. There's not much of view since they fenced up the perimeter (for good reason), but it was nice to get some air. 
There's a $10 card minimum and you have to go back inside to order drinks at the bar since there's no waitstaff going around. This is only an issue when it comes to the cleanliness of the patio area. Empty tables and the edges of the terrace are filled with empty baskets of food and plastic cups from other people and a lack of trash cans. 
One of the cocktails we ordered was neon green and painfully sweet, reminiscent of rum and Mountain Dew. Though to be fair, it was listed under the "Trashy" section of the menu...
It seems like it would be a fun place for a night out with a young crowd, but definitely not a place recommended for casual drinks.So I had enough time to wait on my food to write the review, and I am sitting at the bar !!! That should tell you a lot about tikis service! 
The drinks - Loved the redrum sangria ! We decided to get another round ! 
Food- limited menu, but if you order at 6 pm you will get to eat by 6:45. The food is good we had the chicken dumplings. But the limited menu is a major turn off. 
I would say, stop by tiki before you go to Lolita or jamonera !Single greatest bar experience ever. Dj selection: flawless. Ambiance: electric . Crowd: interesting.Yeah so this place literally sucks. The service, food, and drinks deserve 1 star. I don't understand why you put a tiki bar in Center City. Like why? This place was all outta whack.Always conflicted about Tiki Bar. Any drink we've tried here has been good, but we always wait extremely long to get our drinks. They're expensive, too. The outside portion on the 2nd floor is nice when you get a spot - but it's often full around happy hour. 
All in all, it's a solid spot when other places in the area are packed. If you catch it outside of happy hour, you'll pay a decent premium on cocktails. Beer & wine prices are pretty typical.The woman at the bar was so rude  I genuinely thought  she was just a part time worker. Just my luck! She wasn't. Asked her to put an extra shot in my drink she said no. Then said "next time read the description" after telling her I'd pay extra for the shot. My luck got better! At 1:30 I got kicked out of the bar and told it was closed even tho they  don't close at 2 AMI was pretty disappointed by their menu options and I really don't feel like they lived up to their name as a tiki bar. I'd give it a 2.5/5, since their happy hour isn't terrible.
FULL FOOD MENU: You will leave hungry.
My general takeaway from happy hour at Tiki, was that it's trying way too hard to compete with Sampan's happy hour. Tiki's full menu is very reminiscent of Sampan's happy hour menu (not their full menu), in that they offer a selection of Asian-inspired small plates, including satay, dumplings, lettuce wraps, and bao buns. The portions are small and pricey - they're perhaps a little larger than Sampan's happy hour plates but about twice the price. Their cooking also lacks the refinement Sampan offers, since they have few garnishes and simple sauces to complement the dish. Definitely not worth trying to get a meal here - unless you specifically wanted an expensive snack, you will leave hungry.
DRINK MENU: Where's the tiki?
Again, very overpriced and trying way too hard to be Sampan. They offer scorpion bowls for $35 - for reference, Sampan's bowls are $31. Their basic cocktails ring in at $10 each and aren't made very strong. If you want a fancier cocktail or frozen drink, be ready to pay upwards of $15. Their beer selection is very boring and again, overpriced. They do have a limited frozen drink selection, but it is rotating and seasonal. Sad, since offering a wide range of delicious frozen drinks would keep with their Tiki theme and set them apart from neighboring establishments. Also, is it a tiki bar if they don't offer drinks served in a pineapple? They offer 1 drink served in a coconut, but it's $17.
HAPPY HOUR MENU: Meh, it's alright I guess.
I appreciate that their happy hour is from 6-8pm, so that people who often work late still have a chance to enjoy a summer happy hour. Their happy hour deals are pretty good: $5 cocktails,  $3-4 beers, 1/2 price dumplings at $3.50. They don't bother trying with happy hour cocktails, so prepare to be served in plastic half-cups. The sangria wasn't bad, but was also served with one of the most disgusting-looking orange slices I've ever seen. Big turn off. Their dumplings were decent, but very basic - not on par with Sampan's delicate, refined dumplings. We tried all 4 flavors of dumpling (edamame, chicken, pork, shrimp) and they were pretty ok. There are 1-2 beers you can save $1-2 on during happy hour, but they're consistent with the basic, boring beer selection available on their regular menu.
VENUE PITFALLS: Crowded and loud.
I mainly wanted to come here because it's hard to find a casual bar in CC with rooftop seating. However, the outdoor deck area was PACKED when we arrived. It was also incredibly loud, and the sound radiates into the second floor indoor seating area. I could barely hear my friends, so we gave up waiting on the second floor for outdoor seating and settled on sitting by the windows on the first floor. You have to order at the bar, and it takes a while for you to get your order. My friend had to remind the waiter twice that he had ordered dumplings. It was difficult to get ahold of the waiters without going directly to the bar. Kind of a bummer.I have finally seen a place that should be on Bar Rescue
Ok I saw no bugs or rats, but at 6 pm it was still very dark. They had Kona, Hi Racer and Terrapin beer signs on the wall to add to the tropical effect. Kona and Terrapin were not offered as beers.
The dumplings were obviously frozen and that's the main appetizer.Woof.  Tiki is a total flop.
I've been in search of new tiki bar since the Upstairs Bar closed down, and Tiki is in a convenient location in Midtown Village, so I checked it out with a friend when we needed a spot to catch up and hang out.
We ordered the Scallion Pancakes and Dumplings as a snack, and the bartender pulled them out of frozen packages and cooked them like that. So basically, I just paid money for like, microwaveable food.  They also served them in like, take out paper containers you'd get at a fair and with take out packets of soy sauce and duck sauce which we just sadly squirted out on top of our food.  I was embarrassed for them, to be honest.
The drinks were really uninteresting - I ordered the Riki Tiki Tavi because it seemed palatable out of most of the drinks and it was dull.  Tasted like somewhat bitter soda water with a dash of citrus and some alcohol.  Yikes.  I honestly could have mixed something very similar during my college days.  
On top of all of that, the smell? The bar smelled like a mix of skunk, sweat, and gas.  
Our bartender was sweet, but I'm truly sorry, nothing can truly save this place or the experience.
BOTTOM LINE: SKIP THIS PLACE. Midtown is FULL of gems, and this is unfortunately the dud in the midst.  The food and drinks weren't even worth taking photos of, I was so, so disappointed.Probably the worst experience I've had at a bar. Came here a few Saturday's ago right at opening. They had hardcore rock music on that was not fun. The bartenders were super rude and snarky. My drink was weak and the plastic cup had a cut in it which spilled half my drink out. (I would have brought it up but we were already sick of the rude attitude from the bartender) 
Stay awayRoof top. Great Polynesian vibe. Strongly recommend trying the zombie. 3 types of rum and it packs a punch. And it's $7. No brainer. Pretty much how you might expect to feel after having a few I assume. (I limited it to one)First of all, this is not a tiki bar. I lived in Hawaii and I've been to plenty of tiki bars around the country and this is the worst attempt to portray one. The cocktails are a joke. The food is more Chinese than Hawaiian. Where is the poke bowl? Where is the loco moco? Why do you have hipsters tending bar and acting like they're to good to talk to you? Why is there a dj with a hat that says "real djing" when he's just a button pusher? Everything about this place is fraudulent. Please give up and give someone else a try with this awesome space on this awesome street in this awesome neighborhood. BIG TIME FAIL!!Typical city tiki bar. Has good seasonal drinks and a young fun atmosphere. Good for a younger crowd. Outside deck is nice and adds a touch of urban to the interior decor.Really interesting tiki spot to stumble in to. Lots of variety on the menu. Prices range from like $8 to $16 for a cocktail (if I'm remembering right). Staff were super cool and attentive. Didn't try the food but will next time I'm in Philly.Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. 
Two rude men work the bar and the dumplings are horrible. Y'all really charging $7 for 6 frozen dumplings y'all pull out of packaging at the front bar. Please move. My dronk however was okay. 
Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here. Don't come here.