Great pizza! Our favorite pizza place in Philly. Friday night Party Pack is the best.Toni Roni's is still one of my favorite spots in the Roxborough area. The food is consistently delicious. I come here very often for lunch. This spot is also a favorite of my co-workers. They have lots of exciting pizza choices, you can either order a whole pie or just a slice. They have a great combo where you get a slice and a small side salad. The salads here are my favorite. I've been hooked on the Mandarin Delight Salad and can't stop coming here to get them for lunch! It consists of, marinated grilled chicken, sun dried tomatoes, mandarin oranges, toasted sesame seeds, candied walnuts on a bed of mixed greens and is served with an asian-vinagrette dressing. A-MAZ-ING!!!!!!!! The veggies are always fresh, and the chicken is marinated in juicy goodess...mmmmmm.  I like to eat in at one of the many booths in the restaurant. It is always clean and well maintained. I love Toni Ronis!I had the smokehouse burger. The bun was so deprived of moisture and rubbery you could tell that it was obviously microwaved. There was no lettuce, onions or tomatoes in it. McDonalds and Dunkin Donuts taste like 5 star meals compared to this garbage. If you come here, you're making a huge mistake. Now I know why it was so empty.Yuck. Buffalo wings were stale, over cooked and gross and a small pizza is as expensive as a large pizza everywhere else and that was yuck too. $21 for wings and a pizza and both got thrown out. We called next day because we were still ticked off and complained and they said they'd come get the remnants and refund the money. Then they called and said it was on a credit card so no refund. I wasn't even sure why they wanted to pick up the food- just take the feedback/complaint and offer a refund. I don't care what they do but this was lousy food and lousy service. And lousy business. Stay away from here. Go to Pina's in Rox Market Square instead. Great pizza. Oh, and best tomato pie, Toni Roni? With Marchiano's 5 min away? Come on now. Get real.I am a total fan. I have order pizza from almost everywhere in the Rox area and Tony Roni's is the only place that delivers consistent quality pizza's. Other places are often hit or miss with what you get every time which gets old very fast. I wish Tony Roni's was linked to grubhub as more people would probably know about them.With a lot of my favorite pizza places closed I'm on the hunt for the next best thing in the area. I loved this pizza. Really good and I liked the thin crust. Price is great and service was fast and friendly. I will take out again soon!Horrible. Pizza left terrible aftertaste and gave me heartburn. Salad ok but way, way overpriced. No second chances for this one.Scooted in here for an on-the-go dinner before heading down the shore.  We were looking for something quick but not fast food.  I am  HUGE fan of thin crust pizza so my slice of plain was most delectable. The salads (albeit standard) looked fresh   however, not sure a salad is the best thing to eat while driving a car.
No surprises on the menu, good prices, nice location with plenty of parking.  Since it is right down the street from where I live I am sure that I will be here again.I order from Toni Roni's for lunch a couple times a week for myself and my coworkers. The food is always really good, prices are comparable to other local places, delivery is speedy, and customer service is always a pleasure to speak with. I highly recommend this restaurant for its great food and excellent service.Good food and fast delivery
Only issue I had was the food can be a bit pricy at times. Otherwise I completely recommend this place!I'm taking Tony Roni's down a notch in the Pizza department (more to follow).  The good news is they make very good chicken cheesesteaks.  My personal favorite is the Texas Chicken Cheesesteak.  BBQ Sauce and Bacon come on top, great combo there.  Add a side of the curly frys and you have yourself a solid meal.  My other beef is that I noticed how pricey it can get compared to other places in the area.Ordered pizza from here the other night and it was absolutely tasteless! Added seasonings, salt, pepper and still taste less! Cheap cheese and cardboard crust! Very disappointing as this location used to have some of the best pizza in our areaI can only vouch for the exceptional tomato pie. I have never tried else. I used to go to Corropolese or Conshohocken Bakery for tomato pie but Tony Roni's is my forever favorite. The crust is thin and crispy. The gravy is perfect not too sweet. They have a version called the pavaroti which has provolone under the gravy. It is terrific.Passing by me and my husband got hungry and stop here ! First time be here the pizza was good! The service was great and the pizzeria was neat and cleaned. We are looking forward to go back and get a bite to eat!Their pizza's decent! Tuesday (or Thursday) date night was awesome! I guess fellow yelper can help me out with more detail. (Sorry it's been awhile) Surprisingly not bad!This is some of the best Pizza in Roxborough or Manayunk. If you are looking to get a couple slices, go here for a nice variety of toppings and style ready to order. Chicken Parm, Chicken Honey Mustard, BBQ Chicken, Buffalo Chicken, Vegetable, and Cheese steak are all quality choices that you will not regret. 
Nice and convenient seating as the place just had an overhaul after someone drove their car through it. 
Also try the bread sticks and Stromboli's. No matter what you choose, the price is right !Great pizza and selection of other dishes! The employees were nice and helpful, helping me pick my meal out by giving suggestions. The pizza was perfectly cooked with a nice crispy crust (cooked "well done" so to speak). We have also gotten other foods from the restaurant, like their wings and sandwiches, both delicious. My favorite part was their "Tony Roni French Fries" which are perfectly covered in a seasoning (old bay and other spices I think) and pairs perfectly with their side of Monterey Jack cheese wiz. Would highly recommend grabbing a slice if you're in the neighborhood.Food was ready on time and hot! Great portion for the price. Would order from Tony Roni's again.I come here once a week for lunch. The Mandarin Chicken Salad is what I get every time. It's simply addictive! It has tons of chicken in the salad, as well as mandarin oranges and candied walnuts. Yummmmmm :) :)They won best tomato pie in Philadelphia Magazine's 2008 awards, so that's something to brag about. It's pretty good, but I'm sure there is better out there. Their plain cheese pizza looked bad (not enough cheese), but tasted fine. The wings were average, and the Buffalo Chicken pizza rates about a 3/5. 
They deliver in a timely fashion and have a chance to be my local delivery option, but only if they promise to put more cheese on next time.First time I ordered from there tonite. Upset with myself I didnt do it sooner. Best pizza I had since living here the last six months. Good job guys!Best pizza in Roxborough! They are so fresh and delicious. Any time we go in there everyone is super friendly and very nice. Definitely worth the money! The Abruzi and Tivoli are our favorite!!My quest to find the best Pizza in Manayunk and the surrounding area:
In my attempt to find the best tasting Pizza in this area, I have made the following record of my experiences.
Bear in mind that my critic is based on what my tastes are and your tastes may be totally different than mine and these various establishments may prove to offer Pizza that, to your liking, many prove to be exactly what you desire.
Also note that I am critiquing only this establishments Pizzas and the other selections of food that they offer are not being judged. 
All the Pizzas were ordered with Pepperoni and were asked to be Baked Well Done.
Here are my findings:
Delivery available:
(x)Yes
(  )No - You must pick up
When Delivery is available:
(  )Pizza arrived Very Hot
(  )Pizza arrived Hot
(x)Pizza arrived Warm
Pizza was cut:
(x)All the way through
(  )Partially through - You must cut through with a knife
Cooking Oil:
(  )Too Oily
(x)Not Oily enough
(  )Enough on Pizza
(  )Too Dry
Dough:
(  )Too Thick
(  )Not Thick enough
(x)Thick enough
(  )Too Doughy and Uncooked
(x)Well Done and Crispy like I like
(x)Not Tasty
(  )Tasty like I like
Gravy:
(x)Not Enough
(  )Too Much
(  )Enough on Pizza
(  )Too Salty
(  )Not Salty enough
(  )Too much Garlic taste
(  )Not enough Garlic taste
(  )Diced Tomatoes in Gravy (That I don't like)
(x)Not Flavorfully Seasoned 
(  )Flavorful Richly Seasoned like I like
Cheese:
(  )Not Enough
(x)Too Much (Most people love an abundance of cheese but I don't)
(  )Enough on Pizza
(  )The cheese has no particular taste
(x)I don't like the taste of the cheese    
(  )The cheese has a taste that I like
Pepperoni:
(  )Not enough on Pizza
(  )Too much on Pizza
(x)Enough on Pizza
(x)Not Flavorful
(  )Flavorful and Spicy like I like
Cold Leftover Pizza in the morning:
(x)Not Flavorful and not worth Reheating or Eating Cold
(  )Flavorful and worth Reheating or Eating Cold
Did I buy a Pizza from this establishment more than one time?
(x)No
(  )Yes
If I bought a Pizza from this establishment more than one time, it...
(  )Tasted the same as the last time I ordered one.
(  )It tasted different than the last one I ordered and may be that a different chief prepared it.  
Comments:
None
Would I buy another Pizza from this establishment?
(  )Yes
(x)No, and my Quest to find the best Pizza in 19128 continues...This shop has terrific plain pizza. Their white pie is nothing to scoff at either. The sandwiches and other foods (like a calzone) are also pretty good. 
One problem I've had is with their delivery. Some days they charge for it some days they don't. And it always takes a long time. An ~8 minute drive takes at least 45 minutes to deliver a plain pie on most nights, and forget about the weekend...it'll take over an hour. I mostly end up picking it up myself.Disclaimer: I didn't get pizza, just sandwiches and fries. That said, TR's was a very solid "meh". Average tasting sandwiches/fries. Nothing to write home about. 
I was a little put off by the size of the cheesesteaks; no cheesesteak in this city should ever be so small that you can comfortably wrap your thumb and forefinger around it. I've never eaten a cheesesteak that's left me still hungry, but I guess there's a first time for everything.We've been coming here for quite awhile! We order about once a week or more. They deliver to us in all weathers and holidays (as long as they're open). Great and friendly delivery drivers! Food is ALWAYS excellent, no matter what we order. PLEASE DO NOT ever take your crispy buffalo chicken off the menu!!!! They are the best we've ever had, in salads or as fingers! Thanks for always being A+++++! Love the online ordering option.Absolutely awful
my table wasnt even clean no one bothered to wait on me the food was bland at best mcdonalds serves a better tasting meal.
The only thing you should get from there is pizza but even then the pizza is barely par there are much better pizza places.The pizza's good here. I used to go here a lot when I worked at Power 99 back when it was on Domino Lane. I think the place was called "Amici's" then. I've had better, but this place isn't bad at all.Ronis has gone through some changes over the years , when i first reviewed it years ago, i gave it 2 stars as we it hit a few times and just had bad experiences each time we went.
Now given this was when they were "Tony A's" and were new to the area  
Like any quality business I was contacted by management and was offered coupons for our troubles, which I turned down because we most likely weren't going to frequent the establishment that much 
That was a very nice gesture from their management which I applaud 
Fast forward some 8 years, I've become a real fan of Tony Ronis
Like ANY food establishment they have things that are hit and things that are miss, but there are WAY more hits here than misses on the menu 
Their Pizza is outstanding , as is their Tomato pie , their sandwiches are great and Ill put their wings against most . 
Their salads are excellent, a little small compared to other places, but theyre really good 
Burgers, they need to do a little better, they appear to use frozen patties Ok no problem there , but everyone I've ever had there (and its been more than a few) are all WAY WAY over cooked and damn do they go heavy on any kind of sauce. 
The roast pork is STILL the dryest  i've ever had , they should just take it off the menu, i think over the years I've had it 3-4 times its always the same sand dry meat with overly bitter greens etc....just not the spot for a pork sand. 
The Cheesesteaks however are surprisingly good  So Congrats Tony you won me over over the yearsBest pizza evar! BBQ chicken pizza greatest thing ever. I could eat it every day. I should try other things but the BBQ is just too good.Terrible food. Kids pizza very oily, fries soggy, meatballs tasted watery and bland. Sauce tasted like stewed tomatoes out of a can. Never again. Strike 2 for bad italian food in Conshy so far. :(Love Tony Roni's! My favorite is the tomato pie! Absolutely nothing like it anywhere. I have ordered sandwich platters for parties, pizzas, wings, salads and have always been more than happy! Consistently great quality food. I frequent three of their many locations and am always impressed with the manner in which I am treated by any employee I deal with. Excellent customer service.Been here several times before and it takes a lot to have me become a recurring fan of a pizza joint.  I wouldn't exactly call this my go to spot in Manayunk/Roxborough, but this place does make a solid plain pie.  Also, have tried some of their specialty pies and they are awesome too.  One of the best purveyors buffalo chicken pizza in the area.  Fries are good too.  I would just shy away from getting their "best of" tomato pies because I found it really underwhelming.  For the same price why not just go with the regular pie that includes cheese.This was my favorite pizza joint when I lived in Manayunk (back when it was still "Tony A's"). Their subs usually let me down (especially the meatball sub) because they weren't very flavorful, but their pizza was definitely the best around. My favorite was the red pie with spinach, ricotta, and sausage, but they do a good job no matter type of pizza you order!
Delivery usually took 45 minutes to an hour, so we would usually just go pick our food up.I'm extremely disappointed by Tony Roni's today. I ordered 20 wings and only received 15. When I called to tell them they had shorted me 5 wings they quickly rushed me off the phone saying they would send the driver back,  here's the thing, they did not bother asking for my address, and 1 hour later still no driver.. not surprised. The pizza I ordered was supposed to be half cheese half pepperoni what I received was a sloppy mess. Half the cheese was all to one side and there were only 4 pepperonies on the pizza. Last time I will be ordering from Tony Roni's.Good pizza! Just ordered cheese. Breadsticks were okay. Really fast delivery. We were quoted 45 minutes but probably came in about 15 minutes!Get the tomato pie and the chipotle wings don't forget to get some Tony Ronni fries as well...I pretty much tried everything on the menu...wings are deliciousStopped by this place for lunch after a recommendation from a Roxborough local.  It truly was love at first bite.  My margherita pizza had a thin, crispy crust and was layered with real basil and thick slices of fresh mozzarella--the perfect combination of crunchy and chewy.  I've been back twice since then and plan to continue to return.  If you want a good cheap slice of pizza, this is the place!The fresh Grill Chicken BBQ Pizza is to die for! I'm a very picky pizza connoisseur and always looking for that best slice. I love that tang the pizza leaves after I swallow. It went really well with the vanilla cream soda.This is also my go to pizza spot. The pizza here is beyond amazing. & you can't forget the great customer service they have. So friendly & so quick. I always know that no matter how much time i have between jobs that i can always stop here to get  a slice because it won't take any longer than one minute. This place is great. I wish they would deliver slicesThis is one of my favorite places to order food from. They're cheesesteaks, pizza, tomato pie, wings and meatball sandwiches are great. They deliver on time and the staff is friendly. The best part is that you can order online and you can track your order. In my opinion this is a great place to order food from.Eh. It will make do in a pinch. Not the best, but not the worst either. But their signage. Ugh. That slice of pizza looks so unappetizing. Gooey, drippy, anthropomorphic food is not a good idea. So if nothing else is around, go to Roni`s. Otherwise opt for someplace better.We ordered from here on Saturday night. The party pack is a great value option -- large cheese pizza, wings & fries, and a cheesesteak for $20.99. Our fries arrived soggy, but they tasted great. The sandwich was stellar. The pizza...the crust was cardboard-like and flavorless. Not enough cheese or sauce. I want to love it but I just can't get behind it. :(The only good place to get some pizza in Philly area since Pippo's closed down.
Not only is the pizza good, but the pepperoni stromboli is a mouth watering climax waiting to happen.Food was bad.Had delivery and took way too long to arriveBest pizza in the 21st ward, doesn't get any better than this, also has some pretty good steaks and hoagies toThis place has really gone downhill over the past 10 years. What used to be a nice neighborhood pizzeria is merely a chain pizza shop now. 
If you get a few pies during the week they may not be too bad. Don't bother on a Friday night. They're super busy, and the pies all get a noticeable 3-5 minutes less in the oven. The "Friday Pie" as its called in my house. It's just not cooked long enough. 
The true turning point for this place was last year when they supplied IHM, the local school, with hot lunches. The kids never wanted to eat the pizza or chicken fingers because they were either undercooked or not cooked at all. Many weeks the salads were not edible as they would arrive infested with bugs. A review of Health Department violations only confirmed what we expected. That this shop just isn't worth the visit. The school dropped the contract with Tony A's as well. 
Go elsewhere for your pizza if your new to the neighborhood or looking for catering.Not impressed. As much as its advertised on the radio, we gave it a shot. Pizza was not that good. Seemed  a bit under cooked. Heard a few friends  say the same. Will probably not be ordering from there anytime soon.I've been going to this Tony Roni's since I lived in Roxborough (back when it was still called Tony A's).  What I really enjoy is their Margarita pizza.  The sauce uses good fresh tomatoes, and the fresh garlic slices turn me on!  They don't place the fresh basil leaves on until the pizza is coming out of the oven, so it doesn't become dried out and tasteless.  We've tried a number of other pizza places since moving to Springfield Twp.,  but I continue to make the 5 mile drive back to Roxborough, (or to their Conshohocken location) specifically for the Margarita.
When I was a kid, all the way through a young adult, my family ALWAYS went to Alex Pizza on Leverington Ave. a Roxborough institution.  But when new ownership came in, things changed.  So, it's Tony Roni's now.I don't often write reviews but I just had what is probably the worst delivery service I have ever experience in my life from this place.
I called up and ordered my pizza and soda at 11:08 and was told it would be 45 minutes until it would arrive. Keep in mind this place is about 1.5 miles from my home. Ok, 45 minutes, pretty standard, no big deal. 
45 minutes goes by, then 1 hour, then an hour and a twenty. I decide to call and am told that my pizza is on its way and that they will call the driver. A few seconds later I get a call from the driver..."Hello I am outside with your pizza". First time a delivery guy has ever asked me to come out for my food. Ok whatever, I go outside and grab my pie, "Can you sign for this please?" "Sure, do you have a pen?" "No. Oh shit I also forgot your soda." I mean, what the hell is this place a business or a complete joke? I wont be ordering from here again.I p liked the pizza! We did takeout and it was ready in the amount of time they stated. I recommend the buffalo chicken pizza! Only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because I feel it was a little overpriced for pizza that was average. I spent almost $50 on three large pizzas.I depend on Tony Roni's for at least two takeaways a week and am never disappointed. I'm crazy about their Mandarin Salad with grilled chicken and goat cheese. It's so incredibly delicious and comes with this great hot bread! Just thinking about it, it's making me hungry. I love their Brownies for dessert, but I wish there were some more desserts to match their awesome selection of food.Love Tony Roni's.  I always thought this wouldn't be that good and more like a chain-tasting pizza, but boy was I wrong!  This has become one of our favorite neighborhood spots.  I've never eaten in the restaurant , but it's very nice and clean inside.I was on a crusade to find the perfect pizza last year and this place was average at best. I won't even tell you about how they gave away my pizza while I was standing right there and then I had to wait for another one! No, I won't bore you with that story! The pizza wasn't bad it just wasn't great.Tony Roni's has AMAZING pizza.  They also have great salads, breadsticks, and fries.  They are always punctual with delivery and pick-up.  It's hard to not order them once a week, which is bad for my diet and budget, but it's SOOOO worth it!  I never bother to order from anywhere else in the Roxborough/Mannyunk area because everything else pales in comparison.This is my local Tony Roni's and it is AWESOME! There's a huge selection of food and snacks and they really do have the best tomato pie. The pizza is delicious classic NY style, but they have lots of unique specialty pies, too.
I love that you can order online, pay online (tip, too), and then track the order while it's being made and delivered. The food always arrives hot and Joe is awesome for delivery. He usually delivers to my apartment in Manayunk and always has new coupons with my pizza :-)
Tony Roni IS your pizza man!I ordered a grilled chicken salad a few weeks back and was pleasantly surprised to see such a beautiful presentation from a pizza joint.  The vegetables were fresh and  the chicken was cooked and cleaned really well. I would definitely come here for another salad before I would go to a panera or saladworks.Since circling back to this establishment after having explored almost every pizza place in manayunk, Roxborough and east falls, this pie just doesn't cut it.  Too small and light.  The dough is too thin and flimsy.  The pie doesn't have any weight to it.  Nothing sticks out about the sauce.  Just can't see myself going here when there are so many other good neighborhood spots.You won't be utterly blown away by a visit to Tony Roni's, but you also won't be disappointed. If I could give 3.5*, I would, as the pizza here is a hair above average. The slices are pretty large -- I would say that two slices could quell the most voracious of appetites (competitive eaters and the guy from Man v. Food are possible exceptions). I would recommend avoiding the BBQ chicken pizza, as it's pretty substandard. The pepperoni is good, though, and there appear to be several creative options, as well. 
So, if you're in the area and decide to swing by, you'll get a decent slice of pizza. I'll likely come back and try out the hoagie on my quest to try every Italian hoagie in Philadelphia.All of Tony Roni's food is great but we especially love their tomato pie and Tony Roni fries.  Our family can't get enough.We had not ordered from this restaurant for a few years, thought we would try it again.  I was very disappointed.  Our cheesesteaks hoagies tasted good, but were cold.  Also ordered the curly fries, they were just crumbs.   Poppers were barely warm.  Don't think we will be ordering from there again.Red pie is very good.  But hey, toni roni's why do I  have to sit and eat at dinner time overhearing a loud  conversation over snapchat?  Why do i know it's  snapchat, the person who converses loudly may have mentioned it. The person had a drink container from another establishment in front of her.  Obviously, this basic courtesy isn't tolerated by guests by any establishment, then they are using your wifi to disturb other guests?!  This one is simple, it's a person that works here that is allowing it.  Hope management and corporate read these reviews.Tony A's is not known for their pizza. Having grown up in Roxborough, I remember going there many times as a child and teenager. (I'm not sure if it was called Tony A's then, but the place had an Italian theme and served similar food) Now that I'm an adult and able to go more frequently, it's easy to say it's much better now that it was when I was young.
As I said above, the pizza isn't the best part of this place. It's good, but only slightly above average. However, their chicken steaks and cheese steaks are amazing. I highly recommend the Texas Chicken Steak. Also, the South Philly Italian Hoagie is fantastic. Their Old-Bay seasoned fries are great and the Onion Rings are some of the best I've ever had. I'd say give them a shot.The Buffalo wings are delicious food was hot  at delivery , delivery was quick. Convenient location.I ordered buffalo chix stromboli with spinach. The order didn't take long and staff is friendly. It had butter and seasoning on top of stromboli which was something different than what im used to seeing on strombolis but not a bad idea. However, it made the stromboli greasy. It tasted good but I thought it was kinda skimpy with ingredients. Too much bread with not enough chicken but lots of cheeseWe have had some iffy experiences with this place.  One time our food is delicious and good, next time it is bland and has zero taste.The food was good but the service was bad. The young women who helped us was so miserable. We ordered cheese pizza and breadsticks. She brought out the pizza but sat down on her phone and earbuds before she brought out our breadsticks. I usually wouldn't complain about breadsticks but it was extremely unprofessional to sit down on your phone and eat before the customer got all their food. Definitely needs stronger management. The worst Toni Roni I have ever been to.Have done take out for 8 plus years. Unfortunately the quality has dropped significantly. I would prefer an increase in price to maintain quality and ingredient ratios. It's ok that the pies are smaller but the crust and tomato sauce are lacking.This used to be my go-to spot. But between the menu changes, prices going up over the last 10 years, I had little interest unless I was outta time as it is the closest place to me. Then their food started to make me sick. At first it was just the chicken cheesesteaks that would usually have something I didn't ask for in them. Then it was the chicken wraps. I'm not sure what their cleaning schedule is or if the staff isn't washing their hands but after eating there or getting take out, I spend a day ... you know. (One time I ended up with food poisoning.) The only thing I will ever eat there anymore is pizza and that is only if I am eating it there. So sad. Used to love this place.
UPDATE: I do not represent another chain and removed that reference from my note. I am a long time customer and used to get take out from Toni Roni's/Toni A's (as it was known before the name change) at least twice a week for either lunch or dinner. I am not trying to slander the biz -- I am genuinely disappointed. They have nice people working there and are always friendly and courteous despite being usually rushed and busy. I have amended my statements and removed extraneous comments but I stand by my rating and concerns for ordering anything from the grill.Used to be my go-to pizza spot now it's hit or miss. Lately it seems like the ingredient ratio isn't quite right and there tends to not be enough sauce on the pizza. The ingredients they do use seem to be high quality and fresh, though, so they're still on my list of pizza places when I'm in the mood, just not at the top anymore.I tried this place again after avoiding for a while. I again suffered digestive issues from the chicken. I do not represent another place as their owner wants to believe and indicated on a previous response. I eat at a great many take out places in the area and avoid the big chains as I like to support the local biz owners and shops. This truly was my favorite spot -- I am sad not angry or being vindictive.Tony Roni's is the best pizza in my zip code: 19127-19128.  It seems like every other place in the area gets their waxy fake mozzarella and ketchupy marinara from the same place.  
Tony Roni's sauce is exceptionally zesty.  They use actual cheese, not to mention the chewy-yet-crispy crust.  Employees are always super friendly in-store.  
Delivery time leaves much to be desired, though.I just moves to town. I gotta find a better pizza jointIf i could give zero stars I would. The pizza is just horrible. The crust is disgusting, the cheese is disgusting and the sauce is disgusting. So disgusting that I barely ate ONE slice and I could not for the life of me have another one. The service is nothing to write home about. The lady cashier seems to do the bare minimum to complete your transaction. And on top of all that, WHY IS IT SO DAMN EXPENSIVE!? Do something right first then hike up your prices. Do yourself a favor and skip this pizza place if you want to finish your food. Go literally anywhere else.Food very good !!! But the impeccable customer service by a young man named Justin was amazing !!!! I am highly impressed you don't find customer service like that anymore ! I highly recommend this place!Best pizza In Roxborough. I can't get enough of the Sinatra pie. Service is always great and fast.Best wings and best Sinatra! Fast service. They keep their staff for a long time so the service is always very courteous, pleasant and consistent.Just had an awesome chicken cheesesteak and some great fries! The order was hot and delivered fast!We used Tony Roni's to cater my daughters first birthday party at our house. They were FABULOUS. 
Everything from my initial inquiry email was easy, kind, and helpful. Sydney helped me to create a menu and to set up delivery. She was awesome throughout the whole process. 
The food was DELICIOUS (chicken fingers with chipotle sauce were the sleeper hit!), it was delivered on time, he delivery driver was super nice, and everything was just easy, easy, easy!
Highly recommend!As Tony A's the pizza was hit and miss. Now as Tony Rony's, its a miss. But, the cheesesteaks and buffalo chicken cheesesteaks are great! Although I'd add some straight red hot to the buffalo to give it more of a kick.