My dad used to take me here when I was a little boy. Super cozy old school feel. Nice folks, pleasant staff. Excellent pizza. Super thin - not overly filling whatsoever. If you're into veggies and things - try the "country style". On Mondays/Wednesdays, there are killer deals on beers/pies.Eat in Mondays and Wednesdays for half price pies...that's $4.50 a pie!Great place to enjoy one of the best tomato pies in the area. Excellent service and the back room is very quiet if you wish to conduct business over a few drinks and a tasty pie! This place is an institution of Mayfair and many who have moved away admit to missing their Pizza the most!I've been a customer at Tony's for 20 years and can say his tomato pie is by far the best in N.E. Philly... BUT that's not what my review is about. Its about Tony.... As my wife and I were enjoying our tomato pie sitting in a booth near the front door , Tony walk in and screamed at the bus girl about a dirty table that needed cleaning. The people who were sitting at that table had just walked out as Tony was coming in. Tony, I know you have a successful business which I know you put your life into, geez all those years you were always there ... BUT PLEASE TREAT YOUR EMPLOYEES WITH DIGNITY AND RESPECT. There was no need to yell at that bus girl in front of your customers! Yes 3 tables witnessed your madness. Just never forget your employees helped you to get where you are today.Simply put Tony's has excellent pizza. Their tomato pies are really good, and they have a good beer selection. I've been getting pizza from this place for many years and I've only gotten stuck one time (which I was willing to get them the benefit of the doubt).  I can't comment on dining in however, because every single time I've gone to this place is has been for takeout. Overall, I would recommend this place for it's awesome tomato pies!I used to live in Chicago and they have the best pizza over there so I was sceptical if Tony's Place could compete with it. But I have to say yes it does. It's very good if you like thin crust - which I do.  This is my new I HAVE A CRAVING AND I NEED PIZZA NOW place now. Also I love that they have a full bar which a lot of pizza places don't have. I'm not into the whole BYOB thing.I unfortunately have to add myself to the ranks of people who just aren't particularly moved by the thin crust/tomato pie pizza. I found it to be completely boring and uninspired it basically tasted like matzoh with some tomato sauce and cheese on it. I mean there just wasn't anything there, perhaps someone knows how to make it interesting and delicious but certainly not that night. 
I also had the "Philly cheesesteak eggrolls" which were absolutely delicious. They were like really properly done Chinese eggrolls but with cheesesteak. I've had it from Chinese restaurants around the Philadelphia area but this was the absolute best I had. It was like maybe they invented it for something who knows. I would go get those eggrolls again in a second and maybe try a regular pizza without the whole thin crust deal, if they do it.
As far as the service you certainly couldn't ask for better. The neighborhood looks a little bit rough but the clientele was super mellow and I get the impression neighborhood thugs know to keep out. 
The three stars is because they're known for their pizza and it's what we went for. If I was judging the pizza alone I'd really give it two stars but the service and those delicious eggrolls made up for it. With that being said my wife liked the pizza enough that it maybe just open to interpretation and  not just uniformly "bad".I love Tony's!
I have been eating here since I was a kid. Until My mom found it there is one in Ivyland she would drive an hour just to get the pizza.
Not much has changed over the years except for the expansion which was much needed. The other munu items are good but my wife and I just go for the tomato pie. They now have PBR in bottles and on tap, which is good because, as Karla said "Cheap beer is best with pizza" 
There are specials on certain nights of the week so it is best to call. My favorite is the Tomato Pie with the fresh Italian Sausage. 
It always astonishes me that living in South Philadelphia I am only able to find a handful of places that have decent food.I have traveled far and wide and had some great pizza in the process, however nothing says home like Tony's Tomato Pie.
My mother grew up around Mayfair, right down the block from Tony's. Every time I went to see her parents, we'd come back with a pie or two. 
It could be nostalgia, but I honestly believe this is the best tomato pie I've ever had in my life.Great pizza. 
Personable waitress. 
Terrible service: Order messed up. Apps came out after pizza. Iced tea that tased of bleach left on bill after telling waitress. 
And the Coup de grace - $3.25 for a 12oz kids soda (probably 8oz - ice). That's a rip-off. And it's the kind that hurts people with kids.
I've been here many times in my 20+ years living in this part of the city. Something happened with this place. The memorabilia that used to adorn this NE Philly destination has disappeared and so has the spirit of the place. Apparently there are new owners. Hopefully this will change.I've been coming to this delicious pizza place since I was a kid - and absolutely love it! The thin and crispy crust is incredible - and the sauce / cheese combo, outta this world. Easy, unique, and cheap. There's nothing not to like about this place!
Kind of classic pizza place - nothing fancy to it. Good service, very cozy, perfect neighborhood pizza joint!I have been eating her for years the tomatoe pie is the best I ever had anywhere...Lately they have been adding a few new things to the menu that all have been pretty good addition to the menu. The only negetive is they dont take credit cards.I'm all for a thin and crispy crust, but this is more of a piece of cardboard. People swear by it but I think it's terrible.Another stop on my pizza tour of the city. I wasn't really impressed, as the pizza tasted like matzo. I do love flatbread, but the flavor was just so off-putting. I plan on coming back to try the pizza again, and hope that it'll be better next time.
it was also freezing cold inside; I overheard my waitress saying something about  a window in the back that needs to always be open. If that's the case, then the heat should be turned up so that the patrons can be comfortable. I would've hung around a bit had it not been for the temperature.I don't see what all the fuss is about. Their food is ok but nothing to write home about. I've been here a couple times and I think their "tomato pie" is not all that great. I've had better crust and sauce from some of the other local pizza shops. Their onion rings were good, but their sodas are a rip off. My advice, just order water. They make you order a "pitcher" which is only good to fill up three of their small glasses. Then if you want more you have to buy another pitcher. what a rip! Maybe it would be enough if I was eating by myself, but when you go with 4+ people the soda gets expensive.This is the best pizza ever!  Wear stretchy pants.  The only gem left in Mayfair.   The only establishment that will ever earn a yelp review from me.  The only place that might be better is Disney World.   But it's not. Disney world has long lines....I have been waiting FOREVER to find Tony's here on Yelp! Hooray!
When I first started dating my now husband, he ranted and raved about Tony's tomato pie. The only tomato pie I really enjoyed, even though I grew up in an Italian neighborhood, was from this little shack in Roxborough so I was a little iffy at first. Well, by far Tony's has THE BEST pie I have ever tasted! The ingredients to me are absolutely perfect, since I like a lot of green seasoning on my pie.  I have never really eaten much else except the pie and maybe a few salads there so I can't really contest anyone else's reviews. 
I can say that until they got PABST I was a bit peeved at the beer menu. I DO NOT LIKE EXPENSIVE BEERS WHEN EATING PIZZA! And I especially do not like FRAT beers - if I want a Coors I want a Coors original, not some sissy Coors light. Bleh! I also do not feel like spending $5 on one of the many sissy beers and $7 on something with a German name when I can get a case of it down the street at the beer distributor for $20. Don't get me wrong, I love my beers, but I also love my money too. 
Tony's doesn't exactly sit in the greatest of neighborhoods any more, but then again my neighborhood is shit now as well. It is sometimes a chore to find somewhere to park so when we go it is usually during the day. You used to be able to park in the diner lot across the street but they have since put an end to that. Just watch what you leave in your car when eating in.
The service had been good the times we have eaten in except for once, when the waitress was to preoccupied with some loudmouth friend of hers sitting at the bar. Their chocolate cakes are also heavenly after a few beers and are about a buck cheaper per slice that at your local coffee shop.
So yay for tomato pie, yay for PBR, and boo for parking and all that other tedious stuff.Fantastic service!  $11.95 for a large pizza pie my coworker and I couldn't even eat the whole pizza.  The pizza was pretty good.  Crust, then cheese, sauce on top the cheese, then whatever toppings you order go on last.  I ate the rest of my pizza for dinner and it still tasted fresh.   Great experience.Came here tonight craving a tomatoe pie, as I live in Delaware now and don't get to Philly too often.  Very disappointed and very let down.  Pie was burnt and covered in oregano.  If I want oregano on my pie, I will put it on myself.  Just like garlic and ref pepper flakes.  Those are things a person will add on their own.  I also ordered a roast pork, and broccoli rabe sandwich to eat while waiting for pie.  The broccoli rabe served on the sandwich, was ice cold, and the juice on the sandwich, was room temperature at best.    Had to pay for fries on the side. $3.95 for 10 fries.   Which was actually the best part of the meal.  So basically, I paid $40 for French fries.This was the worst place I've ever eaten . The provolone cheese on the tomato pie had no taste. Cheap cheap provolone . The pork sandwich was not too bad but again the provolone was not sharp provolone like I'm used to . My wife and sister got the veal scallopini special . Oh my God it came out as a pile of spaghetti with something on top . It surely was not veal and no sauce . Dry as dry could be . I tried it and I wouldn't feed it to my dog. Four of our party of six had been there before but not I . Needless to say it was my first and last time ever going to this dive . If I could give it no stars I would . DO NOT GO HERE. PeriodGreat spot to catch a game and enjoy your friends with good beer and great food. Plenty of TVS so you always have a view of the game. The service was awesome and the Sunday bartender is great.I've had a lot of outstanding pizza in my life, and Dilorenzo's in trenton and tony's in mayfair are tied for #1. But if you go to tonys just get the pizza. The rest of the menu is garbage. The 5 stars are for the pizza.Weird , the pizza tasted good when fresh out of the oven , but as soon as it started to cool its taste got really bland , I will go back to try other things on the menu , so I will amend this soonGreat classic pizzeria! Very old school interior, but the pizza's great! I love a light and thin pizza and this is perfect for me. In addition, I also love the crunchiness of the crust. Everything else on the menu is generally pretty average but I gave it the 4th star bc of how incredible the pizza is, especially for a local place. 
Definitely recommend going in for a slice and a beer if you're in the area.Sitting here now. Cold burger was served to me and service did not check to see if anything was needed. No condiments offered for burger. Wrong sandwich originally brought for my friend and correct order was never brought to us. He's currently sitting here with no food. Worst experience I've ever hadbest pizza in the Northeast.  It's not even close.  Bottom line it's done right.  The crust is crispy, the sauce is that authentic sauce you want,  and the perfect compliment to the mozzarella. Hint add bacon, sauce on top.  Wings are super good and can't wait to try the soup.my dad grew up in frankford and brought tony's home to us once a week or so while I was growing up, it always seemed so  far away and even now I'll drive 30 minutes just for take out
best tomato pie in the city. but seriously don't order anything else. except the cheese fries, they rock also.
the best way to go is a small pie well done. and you should also eat it there, but it's also delicious in the car, on the way home, while you are driving. it is also a little bit messier to eat it this way.
beer selection  is passable. not phenomenal, but you can find something to drink.
bartender is awesome. every six months or so I'll wait at the bar for my take out (usually we sit and eat) and the bartender not only remembers me but remembers what we talked about last time I was there! (example: wasn't your brother getting married the last time you were here?)
I love Tony's. but bring cash. it's all they take.Very good pie.  My third visit.  Nice atmosphere, servers were attentive and friendly.  Ordered two with 1/2 mushroom.  Crisp crust, nice sauce.  Cheese was good but I agree with Rev. B, who suggested a step up in cheese.   A better tasting, or combination of cheeses would make this a 5 star pizza.  Regardless, I'll return for sure.  Oh, also nice that beer is served - goes well with the pie.The TONY'S I am reviewing is the one in IVYLAND,PA.  Joe, Tony's son, did an amazing job revamping the place that was there. Tony's is a cool place to hang out - they have a GREAT BEER SELECTION.... the only "problem" is.... the ONLY really good thing to order there is the famous Tomato Pie or Cheese Pizza. The crust is THIN & very yummy. All their other menu items are just ok. So - if you want a brewski & a slice swing on by - Thursday's is Karaoke.......Going to Tony's for 40 years. Noticed last few times, service was slipping a bit,pizza still great.Saturday night took my son and his girlfriend here, service was outright horrible. Place was half full, 10 minutes for waitress to come to table, took 10 minutes to get drinks, 20 minutes after that we had our appetizers. 15 minutes later pizza arrived. Appetizers were good, special was buffalo shrimp and are great. Pizza arrived and was so over cooked the crust fell apart just by touching it. My wife thought the pizza was sent back by someone then sent to us. Had to ask waitress 3 times for water before any arrived, felt we were bothering the waitress with any request for service. My son thinks I am a crazy old Mayfair man. When a pizza place serves a pizza like this to any one, they are no longer a pizza joint, they just want my money. Was totally embarrassed in front of my family, will be looking for new place to eat when I visit Mayfair,about 2 to3 times a month.A bit pricy but absolutely delicious and worth it. Easily the best pizza I've had in Philadelphia. I'll definitely be backThe pizza was good, but Al Shams over on Bustleton is better.
I got a $12 mushroom and pepper pizza. I was unaware of any Monday discount, and I did come between 6 and 10. Maybe because I got two toppings they didn't give it to me. If I had known then about that discount, which I am now seeing here on Yelp's, I would have requested it.
I biked over 2 miles to Tony's at 9:30 PM. and they told me they were closing, so i couldn't dine in, and I had to bike back with the Pizza. Now i am checking the closing time and online it says that they close at 11. There were two other people at a table and I think one more customer at the bar. At first the cook and I think a waitress said that I could stay, but then another person said that they were closing, and then the cook agreed. I wasn't going to argue with them, so I left.Went back to Tony's w/ friends of ours Saturday, 5/19/12. Hadn't been there in quite some time. Pizza was good as always, BUT.......service & other food was HORRIBLE. My friend ordered a "Caesar" salad; what he got was  Iceberg lettuce w/ tomatoes & a sliced hard-boiled egg. His fiance got the chicken parm, & she said it was tasteless. The food (other than the tomato pie) has REALLY taken a nose-dive. Our waitress was also serving a large party, & walked by us several times w/out asking if we needed anything(I guess she didn't need our tip!!) I don't think I'll be going back to eat in this establishment; I'll just order a pie for take-out, as this wasn't the 1st time we got bad service, but will be the last time I tolerate it.Pizza was OK. Only thing I really enjoyed was the mozz sticks. There needs to be a little more cheese on the pizza. The sauce was awesome.Food was great last night would definitely come again wed is our family eat out night and my bf always chooses this place on wed would definitely recommend the food is well season and we love it every time we comeThis old-fashioned dine-in pizza joint is the bomb. Very family oriented. Keep in mind its way better when you eat in. Still good when you order out though.. This place is a friday favorite.I've been eating here since I was born. Live in lower Merion now, still go at least once a month. Parking can be a challenge but it's worth it!!Cozy place, old school pizza parlor, reminds me of back home in Mass. The pie is definitely legit, old school Phily/Trenton tomato pie style with the cheese UNDER the sauce. If they stepped up the quality of the cheese they use, this would be world class pizza. I want to emphasize however, that I fully enjoyed it. The sausage on the pie was probably the best quality Italian sausage I ever had. We had a white pie too with broccoli. The broc was in large chunks. Shoulda wacked it up a bit.
Victory headwaters pale on tap too, so I was happy. Half price pie on Monday and Wednesday. That means you get a cheese pie for $5. Hard to beat.I agree with Carla, For the most part, it's a pretty good place to go. Their thin pizza I really like. I know how Tony himself got to be so rich. He accepts no charge cards at all. He's pretty slick there. He doesn't have to report all of his income to the IRS. Pretty good thinking on his part, don't you agree? Yea, he's set ! It's an inconvience for myself personally because I charge everything, but, I know to bring some cash with me when I go there. I'm not a big fan of eating the crust, but theirs' I do. As for the neighboorhood, I know they just can't pick-up & move. Those people are slowly making their way north on Frankford Avenue and it's a shame. You have a lot of minorities making it a dumping ground. It's not a good place to park at night with all the drug dealers close by. The block that Tony's is on went to crap. And I'm putting that lightly,(not Franford) but the actual street above it. Drive down that street on a hot summer night & take a look around. I almost crapped my pants. I was like where the heck did all these people come from. But before you ride down that particular street, make sure your windows are rolled up & your doors are locked. Enough said folks!! Just be careful.
   @nd posting: dates 9/7/11~ ordered again for pick-up of their tomato pies with extra cheese, pep, & "Snausages". It was out of this world. Just had to tell ya I love this God-Damn place except for that one street that they reside on & are abused too its unsightly sights, it's full of "Critters" !!Our order came early. The tomato pie is not bad. I've had better to be honest. For me, I like a sauce that's sweet and this is not so much. The fries are great. The pie was just warm but the fries were hot. I would order from them at least to try out their pizza. I was disappointed about no drink options though. I would also like to add; if you like thin crust this place surely has it. The crust is crisp but not hard and has a good taste.The place gives you a vintage feel but the service is good, people are friendly. The food is good too the pizza is different from many but uniquely good!I've been coming to Tony's Place since I was a child. Since then my family and I have moved away from Mayfair and as a result we've neglected our once favorite restaurant. Not long ago I graduated from cosmetology school and I wanted to celebrate with everyone. Naturally I chose this place and I was surely not disappointed. Not a thing has changed. The look, the service, and most importantly the food were still A plus. Our waitress was wonderful and she was practically apart of the family by the end of the night. This place has the best tomato pie out there and I will definitely be coming back more often!Best tomato pie in the world.  I have been going there since I was a kid and always looked forward to eating out there.  When I was between 6-8 y/o I would sit at the bar with my dad and eat bar cherries with my sprite all day long.  I wonder why I love bars now?after a great show at the devon, we went to tonys. back in the day, you would do movies and a tomato pie. now its a play. it is still awesome. it hasnt changed at all. service is quick. we had a large pie, crab cheese fries, 2 beers, and a soda. the bill was 22 bucks. hello mayfair! i forgot what it was like after center city all these years. it is hands down, the best pie around. the only reason i cant give it 5 stars is because i felt like i stepped back in time. it is exactly the same as it was when i was little. and its been open something like 50 years. so im assuming its the same since then. time warp. but great food and service. prices are low. im a fanTony's is on AOL Citysearch's top list for pizza with Lorenzo's and dough-reservation Tacconellis, so I thought I should give it a try.
First off, you'll need a car to get here because although it's "philadelphia" it's also about 10  minutes north on 95.
You'll find this corner pizza joint with neon Budweiser signs in the window a corner that looks like somewhere Mickey from Rocky would hang out at.
The inside is pure 70's: red booths, wooden panels and wooden fans. But it is a cozy little eatery with small flat-screens above each booth (playing some kind of Big Bass fishing tournament).
As or pizza, your choice is seriously limited. And you can only get their tomato pie (which is really just cheese with tomato sauce on top). The crust is seriously thin and very dry. I wasn't impressed at all.This place is a nice little eat in pizza place. If you need a break from your neighborhood pizza place than this is the pizza shop for you. They have a nice cozy feel to the restaurant, which could be nice for a first date or a regular Friday night dinner date. They have other dishes which are decent but are known for their thin crust pizza. A nice little gesture that they do on Valentine`s  Day is the heart shaped pizza. You have to call in soon as they open to make sure your heart shaped pizza will be ready when you arrive.I've been coming to Tony's since I was a kid, and was worried that the tomato pie would go down hill when new ownership came on board.  I am happy to say they still have the same great tomato pie they've always had.  I hosted a private party there on a Sunday, and the restaurant was so easy to work with and accommodating.  They rented us the back room at no extra charge even though it was just a small gathering.  The food was good and plentiful and the price was right.Since we moved away from Philly, we have not gone in a while but did recently and the pie was EXCELLENT. Get it with sausage.. I think its the one of the best pies in philly.Tony's has some of the best pizza in the North East. They definitely have the best tomato pies. They also have really good stuffed shells, and coming from me that means a lot since I am very picky! I have been going to Tony's since I was a kid. I also grew up on Stirling st. the street right next to it. A lot of Tony's patrons used my street as a parking lot, but to their defense there isn't much in the way of parking. Other than that the food is great!!!Hands down some of the best pizza in Philly. Great pies with lots of flavor. The thin crust is awesome and really makes the pie. We tried it with a Groupon but we will be going back permanently after 2 times of eating here. No take out which stinks because some days I don't want to sit in and tip a waitress and would rather just eat at home but I can't take away from the their food quality with the rating. Try it you'll love it.Outstanding pizza! Tony's pies are upside down typically. The sauce and cheese combo are delicious. The crust is thin and crispy. There half and half pies are you the best way of both worlds. You get half cheese on top and half sauce on top. 
The staff meeting is great and Tony's is a northeast staple.
Mondays are half priced pies too!This is a review by a vegetarian
Used to come here a lot in past years. The first thing to know is that tomato pie is not exactly pizza. It is delicious, just know what you're doing. Do NOT order anything else here, like pasta.
Good crust, good pizza mouth afterward.
Parking sucks, ambiance is only for Philadelphia-oriented anthropologists.I live down here in Florida now, but when I am up visiting family I always try to stop in at Tony's.  Yes, the parking sucks and the neighborhood is a little rougher than I remember it, but anyone who doesn't love the food is crazy.  Not only is it great, it has become a Philadelphia classic.  The tomato pies with Italian sausage are incredible.  I work at the Space Center and what I wouldn't give to munch on a few while working a shuttle launch !We stopped there recently on our way to the airport.  The tomato pie was very good but I decided (HUGE MISTAKE) to order something else.  It was most definitely the worst meal I have ever tasted.  The saving grace was the great waitress who took it off our bill & apologized for the problem.  I think they should make that cook taste what he sends out of the kitchen.
If you go, I would stick with the pie.Love this place!  Been going for years and I would say they still have one of the best pizzas around!  Their white pie is amazing!  Their other menu items are great too!  Super service!  Waitresses are wonderful and attentive, great bartenders and pizza chefs!  Cook, dishwasher - all great people!Tony's vs Renzi's is a Northeast debate over tomato pies. Tony's has a bit of a kick compared to Renzi's, but both are very good. I suggest stopping by Tony's. Get a slice and a beer, then head up to Renzi's (two blocks away) and give them a try.
Tony's also has a fantastic roast pork sandwich.This place is great. Half bar half restaurant super chill, typical northeast Philly corner bar but better cause they also have booths in the bar and a separate room of tables - your choice. 
This is a place where I only order 1 thing. Tomato pie. Everything is decent bar food, plus a real menu - but the tomato pie... I haven't gone an actually sat at this place in years but I do call for tomato pie take out now and then when the craving hits.Good old Tony's Place! 
I've been going to Tony's since I was a little girl, and the place has not changed at all (even after the fire)! The pizza is still thin and delicious, especially with the hot cherry peppers! The Spaghetti Alfredo is still the best I've ever had. Their Alfredo sauce is extremely good (and I'm sure super healthy!). And the waitresses are still the same (not all, but most)! 
Try the jalapeno poppers. Tony's makes them with cheddar not cream cheese, and in my opinion that alone makes them better than other places. 
During Lent expect a crazy wait on Friday nights. The area is still very Catholic and Tony's is the place to go for pizza in Mayfair.I did go to Tony's Place!  It was wonderful to be around neighborhood people and to hear that unmistakable Philly sound to the voices of real people who are just out after a day's work to have a good time.  Very busy place, something to look at wherever you turn.  It's a throwback to a better time...   My pizza was wonderful, the beer plentiful, and I really felt at home.  I grew up about a mile away, and it only took 55 years for me to get there.  I will go back for the nostalgia, if not more so for the food!My aunts and uncles were buying pizzas from Tony's when I was knee-high to a grasshopper so I've grown up on them.
Their restaurant is great, their menu is just right.  (Must have had that John guy from Bar Rescue design it.)
I've gotten into going there for a late lunch or dinner lately.  Food is always good.  Love their seafood appetizers, e.g., clams, coconut shrimp, etc.
Jim, the bartender knows how to make an Extra Dry Martini
and Marissa knows how to present the obligatory water chaser. 
I always request one of her tables. She's just superior all around.One of my favorite pies in Philly. I'm not a fan of any of their other dishes to be honest, but the pizza is enough. It's relatively cheap & super tasty. Thin & crispy crust. To get the full experience, you've gotta eat there so you get the pizza fresh out of the oven. Have an icy cold draft beer while you wait & enjoy one of the best tomato pies in the city. I grew up going here & eventho I moved out of the city, I still come back for Tony's. FYI - I think it might be cash only.Tony's is a Mayfair staple. My family has been coming here for generations, and I continue that tradition to this day. We always get a tomato pie (you really won't find a better thin crust pie anywhere) mussels in red and Tony's fries (in my opinion, both are better than Chickie's). The bar area can be loud and cramped, but that's just Tony's. An outsider may find it annoying and may prefer to sit in the back area. Can't beat half price pizza on Monday's and Wednesday's. Get there a little early, it gets packed! 
Parking is non existent, be prepared to walk a little, but that's not why I took off a star. I had to take one off because some of the "seasoned" waitresses suck. They've been there for 70 years and they just don't care. I cringe a little when we get stuck with one (I wish I could ask for one of the younger girls without looking rude, they are awesome). The food comes out in no particular order, and it's impossible to get drink refills (a tip is to order soda AND water so you don't run out during your meal).  
Honestly though, crappy waitresses, parking, and the cramped bar still isn't enough to keep us away. I compare it to an annoying relative that is an amazing cook. The whole process can be irritating, but once you eat, all the BS is forgotten.Have loved their tomato pie for many years, but the last couple pies I've picked up were way too saucy which made their usually crisp crust very soggy.  So soggy I couldn't pick up a slice.  Disappointed.You like tomato pie? You like beer? Then get the hell over there! This is a neighborhood bar with incredible pizza and beer options. Watched the Penn State massacre here last weekend and the only thing that kept me from heaving myself into traffic was the tomatoe pie (extra crispy) and a pitcher of yueng.While the parking sucks and it can get crowded (Which just goes to show how great Tony's is) the pies are fantastic. Used to dine here with my mom (R.I.P) a lot, and is one of my best memories of hanging out with her.
As much as I would love for them to deliver it dosen't matter. You know your getting the best quality when you go to Tony's and that's what counts.This has got to be the same place from the 1960's.  I remember seeing "Tony's Tomato Pies" in red neon in the window.  I never went there, even though I grew up only blocks away.  When I come home, this will be a definite stop.Had a couple of pies the other night and it was everything I remember!  They only accept cash, at least for takeout, so come prepared.  Two large pies and only $19, I don't go out for pizza often but I feel like a large from a major chain is like $14.  Great value for an exceptional pizza!This was my family's pizza/t-pie joint before we moved.
The best tomato pie you'll ever have.  Staunch enough is my opinion and love of it, that I will instantly discount anyone who doesn't at least thoroughly enjoy it as a rube who was probably looking forward to something akin to Papa John's.
The ingredients are as close to perfect as I'll probably encounter, and are fresh and top-notch (if you ask for a sausage topping, you get true Italian sausage pieces, not thawed rabbit turds).
I had a traditional-style pizza (cheese under sauce) at their offshoot location in Ivyland (where the tomato pie is just as good as the original BTW) and it while not the best I ever had, is WELL above average.  Not sure if you can get a true pizza at this location, but if you're going out of your way, get the tomato pie.
To elaborate on the Ivyland location (as I don't see an entry for it), it is more of a trendyish (but not pretentious) suburban bar and grill setting, For eveything I've had at both locations, its just as good there.  The original Mayfair location has more of an older neighborhood dive-bar feel.  Even if that's not your scene, I'll say this: If they served this pie in a filthy shop between two crack houses in North Philly, I'd have to navigate my way there. (That's NOT to say the neighborhood is a hole or dangerous, I'm just saying that's how good it is).
BTW It's at 6300 Frankford in Mayfair not in Kensington.  I can tell by the descriptions that everyone is talking about the same one.We went for dinner and after 1-1/2 hours still did not get our pizza when place was almost empty.  Waitress forgot to place our pizza order.  After waiting an hour we asked her and she said it would be right out but 25 minutes later no pizza.  She was nasty on top of it.  We walked out hungry with no pizza.  No apology, offer of a drink on the house while we waited and no concern that we waited while others who arrived after we did got their food.Supper thin crust which I like. Great tomato Pie. Got half with sheesh and half without and a pepperoni pie on the way home from the airport. It is basically a little neighborhood bar with a pizza oven. I would actually go back to hang out in the bar and get another pizza. Was worth the stop. Would recommend you try it too.Thanks to a 20% off code from UberEats, we decided to get pizza for dinner. Out of all of the pizzerias in our area, Tony's had the best rating so we decided to give them a try. The first thing we noticed was the price. It's about 30% more in cost than most other pizzerias but we figured if the pizza is amazing, it'll be worth it (not to mention, the noted coupon code). I picked up a pepperoni tomato pie with cheese (pie's $12, toppings cost $2 and cheese costs $2). Food was promptly delivered hot, looked really good. Dough is very thin and brittle toward the outer edges (almost cracker like), cheese is thick, heavy handed on the sauce which is on top of the cheese, and pepperoni is flavorful with a little heat. Pie was very good, better than your average fair. Very reminiscent of Santucci's but as a round pie. I think Santucci's, which is pricey as well, is a little bit cheaper. Santucci's delivers a product that I could bring myself to pay the extra cost for once in a while but I think Tony's tests the limit of even that expense. So, Tony's is good, but I don't know if it's $16 for a pepperoni pie good.Listen, I like this place, it is a bar with pizza, always good.  Twice I have ordered my pie to go, drank 2 shanks while I waited, took my tomato pie/ pizza home.  The pie, just nothing to it.  Thin crush yes, sauce on top, yes, cheese not enough...taste .... no flavor... no taste? Tomato taste, thats it, needs flavor...Tony's is a step back in time.  Same staff for many years.  I enjoy my pie crispy and it is always perfect.  It is different then most pies you have eaten.  Just a nice change of pie.........Hands down best pizza in Philly. Tbh I wouldn't rave about any of the other dishes, but the pizza is my favorite ever.I have lived close to Tony's for a few years now, and for some reason had never tried it before.  I'm glad I definitely got around to trying their pizza. 
I picked up a plain tomato pie last night. This is not the Italian style tomato pie, it's the "sauce on top of cheese" kind, which I quite like. This was probably the best execution of this style of pizza I've seen. The sauce had a lot of flavor, the crust was thin and crispy, but still thick enough to hold together and not so crispy that I felt like I was eating cracker pizza.
The only thing I really hate is that it's cash only, and the parking is a real drag.
There's a divey little bar and a few tables inside too. Maybe next time I'll eat in and grab a beer or two.One of my favorite places to get a tomato pie. Can't beat Monday half price! 
The white pie with bacon is also a really good option. Get both, and take the rest home to eat later!Been coming here for over 20 years. Not only is the pizza phenomenal, the Italian food is very good also. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that you may get a really good waitress, or you may get one who takes her own sweet time delivering what you ordered.Some of the best pizza in town. Tomato pie is 5 stars. Also enjoyed their crab fries.Great pizza. 
Personable waitress. 
Terrible service: Order messed up. Apps came out after pizza. Iced tea that tased of bleach left on bill after telling waitress. 
And the Coup de grace - $3.25 for a 12oz kids soda (probably 8oz - ice). That's a rip-off. And it's the kind that hurts people with kids.
I've been here many times in my 20+ years living in this part of the city. Something happened with this place. The memorabilia that used to for this NE Philly destination has disappeared and so hsome of the spirit of the place. Apparently there are new owners. Hopefully this will change.I have been going to Tony's since I was a young child so over 50 years. It was and always had been a neighborhood eatery- good food, great prices and no frills. 
It was sold in the last couple of years ago by a big hospitality group and the have made changes - some good and some not so good. 
The changes seemed willy nilly and not thought out. 
They removed half the booths to open up the bar area and put in high 4 seater tables. This makes the bar area noisier.  The tables are small and don't have much room for 4 people and the food. The menu has changed A LOT. Typical bar fare burgers, quesadillas, cheese fries and lots of salads etc.   Thank God they have not changed Tomato Pies!!!!
We just went there this evening and they have instituted VALET PARKING lol. This is a neighborhood bar in an actual neighborhood. Parking has never been a problem. I am sure the neighbors are thrilled (no). Since they instituted this they had to raise the prices. The weird thing is they still have no heat in the bathroom, only one toilet, and a eye hook on the door. They have those old bamboo salad plates that they use as dinner plates - like the kind we had in the 70's. 
The new owners need to decide what they want Tony's to be or keep it the way it has always been.
Get rid of the valet, lower the prices back to where they were, bring back some of the old dishes, and put the money where it will do the most good - get new plates, put heat in the bathrooms.  Most importantly, make it feel neighborly again. 
After 50+ plus years I want to feel that warm fuzzy feeling as I have always felt.