3.5 stars because they don't serve alcohol (and I was in dire need of a drink after a veryyyy long week). Get the margherita pie - it is delicious and fresh. Also ordered the Greek salad for an appetizer which was filled with yummy veggies. Yum.Ordered fresh made pie, not reheated slices.  Some of the best pizza I've had in philly, because of the tasteful and crunchy crust and good amount of toppings.  Had a Cowboy steak with no BBQ sauce and couldn't stop myself at two slices.  Got the same pizza again with bbq sauce and it was just as good so now I do half and half.Best pizza in Philly!  Grilled chicken salad is awesome too.  Most importantly I wanted to note that they have the nicest delivery guys I've ever interacted with.  All whom I've met have been so friendly and polite.  Once I didn't have as much cash on hand as I wanted to give as a tip.  The guy's response was that he was grateful for any amount.  The next time I saw him I obviously gave him double.  Love this place!Best pizza in my neighborhood. Better than NYPD, Zios, Pandora's, etc. I highly recommend the personal size for one person. Their eggplant pizza is outstanding. I'm also a big fan of sausage and mushroom. The sausage is actual slices of Italian sausage, not those nasty crumbly bits you get at a lot of places. Prices are reasonable.
Haven't been too impressed with the rest of the menu, but for pizza near Jefferson, I don't think you can do any better. Burgers aren't bad too.Everyone told me they had best cheesesteaks. I was skeptical but ordered pn with a salad. It was  delicous the bread was amazibg abd it wasnt soaked in grease. Salad was fresh and made perfect side. Defiantly recommend you try the cheesteak!So P.O.'d...they were my 'go to' delivery place. Loved the traditional w/ half pepperoni//half artichoke. Tonight, I got a literally half-baked pie that was rocking the cold. You'd think that, after many orders, with @ least a 20% tip for the Driver...once in a flippin' while...he w/ be pleasant. Not.Top Tomato is one of my go-to pizza/italian shops in the area, and I have been eating here a few times a year for the past 3-4 years. My favorite pie is the jersey tomato pie, which has ample, chunky tomato sauce with a moderate thickness crust and plenty of cheese. When I'm in the mood for pasta, I get the penne rustica  (penne with chicken, mushrooms, tomatoes, veggies) or chicken marsala. Casual setting with sporting events on in the background and top hits on in the background.Pizza here is decent. Good place to go when you're in a pinch, but not the best in the area.
Margarita pizza was pretty good.
Hawaiian piazza was loaded and tasty.
The eggplant tomato slice was so-so. There was a fried oil taste. Almost like they fried strips of eggplant and threw it on top.
I only got take out and service was okay.
I was not in love with the fact that the waitress who helped me went to clean some tables while my pizza was heating. Then she   used her dirty hands to push my slices into a pizza box. Not a huge deal, just a bit off putting.Stumbled across this place on our way to the Walnut theatre. I was pleasently surprised. For the area the prices were really good, our dinners were awesome. I had Fetucini alfredo with grillled chicken, my husband had the fried eggplant parm, the helpings were huge and the wine list is good. We had freindly and prompt wait staff, the owner even joked with us and sent over a few samples of other food stuffs. We have been there twice and have not been disappointed. Is it more expensive than your neighborhood pizza hole, maybe a little but they are in center city and so what if you pay 75 cents more for a better tasting and larger slice than normal. I love thier food and am planning to go back again soon. Its a relaxed atmosphere without sacrificing the attentiveness to their customers. Is it Smith and Wolenski? hell no but get the stickks out of your butts and relax, If you get delivery then what do you expect in center city traffic? k enough said, see you guys soon!!I walked in a half-hour before they were supposed to close and they RUDELY shooed me out. ... You're a pizza place. It takes three minutes to reheat the pizza. ... Gimme a break. Terrible, terrible, terrible service. I mean, if you were not going to serve me, at least tell me CONGENIALLY that you are not serving any more.Ate lunch here today with my friend. Our lunch break was only a little under an hour. After waiting patiently for our slices for over 30 mins, we went up to the counter to ask about what happened to our orders bc the large group behind us had all received their food and finished eating. Well, somehow although we paid for our slices our order was lost. Then when she immediately redid my order it was completely wrong, and they ran out of what my friend order. At this point we were hungry and cutting it close with time, that we just ate what we had to fill our stomachs and left. Prob will not be back. For others stay away during lunch hour as it is very hectic.Top Tomato is right near where I work, so after trying the rest of the pizza places within the three block radius of my office, this is my main go-to spot for pizza because it's the best I've found! The slices are large and they have a lot of variety in their offerings.  I love their red top pizza (sauce on top, cheese on bottom) but I've also had the Mediterranean pizza (spinach, feta, chunky tomato sauce, mozzarella) the Jersey Tomato pizza (chunky tomato sauce, mozzarella) and the plain is great too! I haven't tried a lot of the menu items besides the pizza, but I have had their italian and also tuna hoagies and they are great.  Not on a traditional hoagie roll but it looks like they may bake their own rolls, which are delicious. 
Also, the staff is very friendly and I've been there so much they greet me and know what I order.  
I am not sure about the reviewer who thinks Top Tomato is more expensive than NYPD - I go to NYPD too and I'm pretty sure their slices are a tad more expensive - but not enough to really matter.  It's Philly and you'll generally pay $2.50 -  $3 for a plain slice and more for one with toppings wherever you go.We went to this place a couple of times already, then one day we had a $25 off gift thing from resturants.com
Boy was that a big mistake, one of the owners (jamaican guy) was so rude and blunt about how he did not approve of it and how it would cost him money if he used it. We left without ordering after getting his diss about it. He began telling us how the other owners wanted it but not him. (great for us)
We came back hoping the same man would not be there (he was) and then one of the servers said they were closed. It was 9:30pm and they closed at 10pm. We just wanted a slice.
We shall never return again. The pizza is just dough with toppings you can get anywhere, so get the "Walnut St" stick out your butt. We went to NYPD pizza around the corner to get our slice.Sooo good! Came to Philly for my birthday weekend; ordered for delivery & ended up going down the street to the store really quick & of course with timing being off, we get the call that they're at our hotel. But the guy delivering actually brought it to us at the Rite Aid :( such a nice guy & it was definitely a plus he pronounced my boyfriends name right ;) lol food was amazing, but def a plus with the customer service. Thanks guysss!My Daughter and I ate here yesterday for lunch after a doctor's appointment nearby and we loved the pizza and the slices were a pretty good size and the staff were very polite. The young man working the register was really helpful by bringing the 2 slices on a tray right to our table and we both got another slice each, that is how good the pizza was and when next time we see the doctor nearby, we will be returning to this restaurant for lunch. And we saw a lot of Jefferson staff eating there too!Wow...what a treat. Stopped by for a fast bite and we were amazed at the excellent pizza and burger.  We are nyc pizza snobs and this place rivals nyc pizza.  They suggested the eggplant pizza and we were glad we took their advice. Nice thin crust amd flavorful toppings. The burger looked like it was fresh meat not a preformed patty.  Served on a big kaiser roll. Will be back next time we are in area. Right across from walnut st theater.Yummm their jersey tomato pie is AMAZING! The sauce was so flavorful it was unreal! I can't wait to try the margherita..mmm fresh mozzarella and basil. Price is great too! Definitely recommended!Regular that goes here for lunch 3 days a week, ordered sandwich and asked for substitute  of salad for fries; still served fries and charged up charge for side salad. Gotta be kidding me, and very sure there was not a miscommunication just trying to make an extra dollar and lost a regular guest instead.Ordered lunch from here through grubhub, and extremely disappointed. I ordered the zinger salad, and French fries. The food took over an hour and the salad was completely soggy (with dressing on the side) as were the cold fries. Never again!Though I've been in Philly close to 5 years now, I will probably never get used to eating pizza here. New England pizza is just better: better crust, better sauce, better toppings. Plus it's cut into squares pieces instead of triangular slices, so you have crust vs. middle slice options!
But Top Tomato is a good substitute. Their pizza is absolutely delicious. We stopped here a few weeks ago and got the eggplant pizza and a pizza with pepperonis and mushrooms. Perfection. My boyfriend wouldn't stop talking to me about when we would next eat the leftovers.
Their steaks are fine, and their calzones are extremely tasty, and made exactly right: the dough is awesome, the cheese is hot, and they have a good bit of ricotta in them. My only complaint is that this place closes too early!I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 b/c they allowed me twice to use a Living Social deal for takeout, which I really appreciated.  However, they screwed up the orders both times - the first time wasn't a big deal; they just put some lettuce on a sandwich when I'd asked them not to, and there was a minor issue with another sandwich my cousin had ordered.  The sandwiches were both chiekcn and were decent.  However, on the second visit I ordered grilled salmon for my mom, which the menu stated came with zucchini, potatoes, and asparagus.  I also ordered the chicken formaggi for me, and an apple walnut salad for both of us.. I actually ordered this in person, not by phone.  When I got home with our food, I discovered that the container that was supposed to have salmon/veggies in it actually contained pasta with shrimp, scallops, & some miscellaneous veggies, but not a bit of salmon, asparagus, or potatoes.  The place was about 4 1/2 blocks from my apartment, and I didn't feel like walking back, plus it was late and we were both hungry, so my mom decided to eat what was given to her.  She didn't say much about her meal, so I can't attest to the quality of her meal, but my chicken was not very good - it was somewhat underdone and bland.  The salad was pretty good, and they actually omitted the items I'd asked them to (olives & tomatoes).  
I'm still fuming even now about the screwup.  I just can't believe they could give something so COMPLETELY different from what I'd ordered, especially when I was right there, live and in person, and they could have asked me any questions they wanted.  It's a good thing my mom isn't allergic to shellfish.  
I'll probably continue to go mainly for the pizza, which is pretty good, although by no means my favorite in the city.Decent pizza joint in Center City. Interior is clean and a good place for a quick meal. Slices are tasty and generously sized. On the pricier side for a plain slice - paid $10 for 3 slices.I've been here 3 or 4 times, my one co-worker and I are self-proclaimed "pizza junkies," so we randomly hit this place up one day to talk business.  I couldn't find it, thinking it was higher in the numbers than it actually was, but stumbled upon it again after like a month, and have gone with friends and co-workers alike.
THE LAYOUT:
It's got a good amount of seating, decor is very cafe-ish, as if the place was some kind of fancy eatery in a past life.  It is pretty fancy pants as far as pizza joints go, as Marcello points out, but its no Primavera or something super fancy.
THE PIZZA:
I personally think they would do well to put more pizzas by slice out behind the counter, their variety isn't very striking.  I usually get some kind of pizza with meat on it, I have tried the cheesesteak pizza (because I love that kind of stuff), and it was pretty good...I wouldn't want it as a cheesesteak, but it actually does well on a slice of pizza dough.  Prices are average, nothing special.
THE SERVICE:
I think this is how more pizza joints should operate.  Anyone who has read my reviews before has probably noticed by big pet-peave with trying to call out peoples orders for them to pick up from the counter...I don't know what's worse, the obnoxious workers' screaming or the hopeless tards who can't seem to figure out that the slice of meatlovers they literally just paid for belongs to them.  I only suffer that for good food, and I wouldn't suffer it for this place, so they do well to use a number system, where your food is brought to your table.  This makes the environment much more relaxed and quiet.
THE VERDICT:
It's good pizza, the place is clean and quiet, but there really isn't anything to knock your socks off.  Great place to go to every once in a while, but I don't see how someone could make this their main pizza joint.Okay pizza. My co-workers rave about it but I found their pizza to be average.  They do have a huge selection of options which is unusual. 
The best is the tomato pie.  You can order by the slice or by the pizza.  Good for a quick lunch!I forgot this place was here. I had been by, but not in. It became a curiosity as of late so I went yesterday. It's definitely a bit more upscale than your typical pizza shop (you get a bill instead of paying at the register). When I went it was nearly empty. If it was crowded I wonder if I would've been seated? 
I really dig the ambiance and I can see that as reason enough to try Top Tomato again. There's a variety of seating and soda fountains are on the outside which is always a plus.
I got a BBQ bleu cheeseburger and it was just okay. I'm always weary of places that toast the roll without me asking... especially for a burger. I would've tried a personal pizza, but time was of the essence. I really wanted to try the steak, but I just had a steak the day before. Now, I wish I had tried it regardless. I'm going back sometime and if I dig it, this place will get 4-5 stars. We'll see...After a somewhat painful day of cross-country bus travel, I decided to order in for some pizza. Or so I thought. 
Instead of nice, tasty (and very easy) pizza, I got a phone call forty five minutes later. They were unable to complete my order because they -just then- decided to close early. 
Seriously, save your time and your money and order from somewhere else.Came in a few months ago from Jersey when we found out my wife would deliver at Penn.  It was fantastic.  I got a personal "Italian Market" and loved it.  It's a perfect size to get 2 and split as we did.  Wife got one with spinach and it was amazing.  Yesterday went in by myself and got a "red top" slice and loved it.  Wife gave birth yesterday and when  my 6 year old came to the hospital to visit I had to take him.  He's a pizza snob and wont touch chain pizza.  He got plain slice and it earned his seal of approval.  I got a personal red top and it's definitely my favorite.  Owner  or manager, recognized me and congratulated me on the birth of my daughter....just a phenomenal placeWhile walking around Center City Philadelphia, I saw this place and made a mental note to try it before I left.  I'm glad I stopped in.  While we weren't greeted at the door(it's not that type of establishment...it's self seating), we were given menus quick enough.  Our order was taken in a fair amount of time.  We had the large sausage pizza and enjoyed it.  The sausage was sliced which I don't normally like, but it was tasty.  We got the large for $14 so it was pretty inexpensive.  I would return.Top Tomato was, at one point, my go-to delivery place. Consistent product, always a pleasant meal whether I got take-out or ordered through Grub Hub. This time, though, I'm not sure what happened. 
I was craving a veggie burger in the worst way, so I pulled up Top Tomato on GrubHub and ordered one, along with fries and a diet soda. An hour later, my food arrived. Not only was my total different from what GrubHub told me (it was less, or I would have complained), but my soda never came. Fries were in a soggy bag. And my veggie burger is hardly a burger. I'd describe it more like guacamole on a bun. And I get it, it's a pizza place. Vegetarian burgers are not their specialty. But they're also hard to screw up. 
After paying for a drink I never received and getting a veggie burger that literally fell apart before I could eat it, I can safely say I won't be ordering from here again.Looking for a slice of pizza the size of your head, fast and just  the right amount of grease this is your place! 
Went here to feed the hangover and it was just the right amount of cheese and grease I needed after a night of drinking too much to bounce back!I got the Penne Contadina and it was delicious with just the right amount of oil. It was a relatively large serving. My boyfriend got the Chef's Salad and said it was good. The people who run this place are so friendly.I have no idea how the food is.  The restaurant had a few customers, and the waitress promptly took our order.... and then disappeared.  I started to get annoyed about 20 minutes after we had ordered our margherita pie.  After 35 minutes, I went up to the counter and asked when our pizza might be ready.  I have no idea what the waitress mumbled as she walked past me without looking me in the eye, but that was enough for me, so we walked out.I've never eaten in at Top Tomato - I always get my food to go, and honestly that's how I'll keep doing it since I can't imagine what the table service is like given how horrible it is to deal with the employees over the phone ordering take out. The food is good enough to keep me coming back, but there's one waitress/cashier (the younger woman with the accent) who is consistently rude both over the phone and in person. The fact that she's still employed there speaks volumes about the management's views on the importance of customer service.
The above is what I said in January, but now I'm downgrading Top Tomato from 2 stars to 1 (there's no option for negative stars). I will never order food from them again - the last time I did, not only did they live up to their usual level of rudeness, I found two hairs in my food. One looked like it was from someone's head, the other... did not. I used to tolerate their complete lack of polite customer service for the food, but after this, I'm afraid to eat anything they make.have now tried the traditional pizza, and it's quite good. the crust is my style. not too greasy. delivery was quick.Excellent margarita pizza. Hawaiian pizza is also good. Service is super nice!I order lunch here all the time! The bruschetta is delicious - perfectly seasoned. Their pizza is great. The salads are always fresh and they give you a big enough portion of it. Orders are usually ready to be picked up within 10 minutes of ordering online.Exellent Philly cheese steak on the freshest baguette!  I added their buffalo sauce to give it an extra kick. I loved it. Great salads too!  Super clean and nice.Great pizza, grinders and calzones.  Our new go to pizza joint.
White pizza, ricotta, spinach, tomato topped with mozzarella! YUM
Chicken Calente - aka buffalo chicken cheesesteak.  very tasty!
Only weird experience was witnessing a delivery guy go bat shit crazy when the other delivery guy took his order... it was quite awkward...  Service at the table was good.This place is a hidden gem.  From the outside and inside it looks like a typical pizza and sandwich place, so I did not have high expectations.  On one recent visit when I was under a diet restriction, I asked about the fish on the menu, and the server recommended the salmon platter  (not on the menu).  I was pleasantly surprised--.  It was cooked perfectly and was moist and very tasty, even though I suspect the fish had been frozen,  Additionally, the asparagus that came with it was delicious.  
My dining partners at this and another visit ordered the margherita pizza.  It was perfect.  It wasn't the pseudo margherita pizzas you get at other places - with the crappy packed mozzarella and sauce topped with the a few slabs of fresh mozzarella and a few pieces of basil as an afterthought.  This had a tasty crust, delicious pizza sauce and fresh mozzarella and basil.
I can't wait to go back.$9 for 2 slices of pizza and a fountain soda, even with the city soda tax is too much.  Prices for slices arent even advertised on their menu but a small pizza was $8.....never againIt pains me to write this review because I really have loved TT and been a loyal customer - I think the pizza is good (4  -4.5 stars good!), especially the white tomato pie which is garlicky and yummy. 
BUT, I ordered a delivery pizza in the summer (pizza + salad) and was overcharged. I only live about 8 blocks away, but it was a lazy hangover morning, and we just wanted a meal delivered. We didn't hear the phone when the delivery guy called the first time.. by the time I realized it he was gone back to the store. I called and he agreed to bring it back over (seriously, it really is about 8 blocks away). I gave him a BIG tip for coming back, reheated and ate my pizza, and forgot about it.
Later I see that there is a $95 charge on my credit card. My credit card company called the store and spoke with the owner (I was on the line too) and he maintained that I had ordered 3 pizzas, a salad, and a drink, and that the charge was justified. They refused to reverse it. 
I am seriously surprised that they would risk losing a loyal customer over a $95 charge. When I was on the phone with them (with the credit card company) he asked for my phone number to search for the charge and even said "oh, you have many purchases". Yeah, that's my point, I've been ordering from you for a long time. If I say I didn't order 3 pizzas, and you can see every other order I've ever made was for a single pie, why not put the customer first? 
Sadly, I will be taking my business elsewhere.This is a great place to grab lunch.  Pizza is always fresh and delicious, salads are nice too.  You can get one of their awesome specials (2 slices and a drink, 1 slice with soup or salad) for under $10.  They are always nice and service is great.Not quite as good as NYPD around the corner, but still damn good.  In fact, those guys have probably cut half of TT's clientele.  That said, they make a most excellent upside down pizza - probably my favorite in the city.Don't let the mixed reviews drive you away from this hidden gem! My first experience here couldn't have been better.
I am an eggplant parm connoisseur. Top Tomato's eggplant parm sandwich is, hands down, the best I have ever had. The eggplant actually tasted like eggplant - it wasn't mushy or overly breaded. There was just enough cheese and sauce, and the homemade bread was perfectly crispy. My last supper choice, for sure. Everyone else equally enjoyed their meals, which ranged from the red top and BBQ chicken pizzas to cornbeef sandwiches.
Some other reviews complain about the service, but our waiter truly could not have been nicer.
Can't wait to come here again!So here's the thing. If I'm in the mood for ANY other kind of pizza besides the red top, I'm probably gonna go elsewhere.
BUT if I'm the in the mood for the red top, there's no way I'll be disappointed. It's reliably delicious.Despite the size of Center City Philadelphia, you will be hard-pressed to find a good slice of pizza in the area. The number of New Yorkers I hear voicing their disappointment in Philly pizza climbs daily. I hail from Wild and Wonderful West Virginia and contrary to what you may have seen on MTV's Buckwild, there are some decent pie stops in the state. 
Obligatory pizza critique out of the way, Top Tomato is a decent stopover in downtown Philly. The red top pizza, where the cheese is laid underneath the sauce, is their pièce de résistance and worth a visit. 
I personally think it's the best piece of pizza I've had in the city. But having tried a few of their other choices, I wouldn't call anything else exceptional. The guys at the main counter are nice, but I have not had an overall positive experience with the wait staff and delivery. They need a hiring overhaul because while I feel that the management are capable, some of their day-to-day workers need an attitude adjustment.  
Again, the pizza is worthy of a trip whenever you find yourself in Center City. With a few better-versed and better-mannered employees, I'm confident that Top Tomato would have a more loyal following.Duh duh duh, don't get a slice when you can get a personal pan for $6 people! Nothing, compares to pizza fresh out of the oven, and I'd be damned if I'd get a slice after having Top Tomato's personal sized Marinara pizza with fresh basil.
Now it has been awhile since I've been, but the sauce was juicy, the tomatoes not to watery not too pasty. The cheese was flavorful, and the basil added that extra special element. Wish we had pizza like that in San Francisco. Even if we do, it ain't nearly as cheap. You all are lucky in Philadelphia. *Winks jealous eye*Good spot for a quick bite. Good selection of slices and a beer case, as well. Limited outdoor seating. Have had plain & white slices here. Solid. Affordable.I just got back from lunch and I got a piece of Sicilian pizza and a salad for under 8 bucks.   I would have paid 20 for the pizza itself.  By far the best Sicilian pizza I have had in a long time.Ordered a meatball sub. Nice service, but dry tasteless meatballs, one dimensional sauce without any depth, complexity, or even fresh zing. Just muddled. Over gooped, flavorless cheese, and standard bread. Won't repeatStandard, good, greasy pizza. Easy delivery, too.The pizza and salad at this place are amazing, they give you fresh bread and the service is fast. Not to mention the owners are really nice. I like a place that treats you like a customer and not just walking money. Not to mention they now have online ordering so i can order from work and pick it up on my lunch break super fast. Love this place, i think i order a salad from here at least once a week. Definitely worth the money.Top Tomato is a place where I can order and never be disappointed. 
Personally, I like the San Marzano Sicilian Pie.  If you are fan of a classic tomato pie - then this is your best bet.  In addition, I order with Pepperoni. 
All of my order from here are for delivery.  The delivery personnel are both friendly and prompt.I've been to Top Tomato several times. Nothing special but I keep coming back. Good food, quick service, and friendly staff.Come here on a weekday at noon and the pizzas look EXTRA tasty :-)
My go-to pizza is the white broccoli. I am a white pizza fiend, so I look for really scrumptious ones. I am particularly  hooked on the white broccoli at Top Tomato because of the generous, gorgeous ricotta that don't cost extra (for once!) :-) oh yes, and all other components, but mainly that one. 
And talk about convenience: my work is walking distance away! Yay!
By far, my favorite place to get my white pizza fix!Wanted a cheesteak and this place was the closest.  After checking yelp I gave it a chance and I'm glad I did! The cheesesteak was very satisfying and served on a freshly made panini-like roll. It was very thin and loaded with meat.  The pizza looked pretty good to! Popular lunch spot!We bought pizza from here for our friends that helped us move.  Two days later, everyone that ate is still sick.  We ordered a tomato pie, hawaiian pie, and a salad.  Pretty standard, IMO.
Anyways, I ain't mad I just hope I still have friends to help me the next time I move .I came here with a bunch of friends for dinner. The place was pretty much empty. We ordered the meat lover's pizza pie and the spring pizza pie. I ate the meat lover's pie and it was alright. I wish I tried the other pizza because it looks good. The fries were okay, nothing to write about. I think this place is good since their menu is large and has speciality pizzas that are affordable. I would come here again and try a different pizza.Me and my wife were in Philly and decided to stop in just to see how their cheesesteaks were,absolutely delicious,there some of the best we've ever eaten,real good...Best cheesesteak in my 16 years of life. Pizza is mediocre, fries are average. But the cheesesteak compensates, and it's only about $6.50 for the best I've had compared to less tasty ones for $7+.A nice long day of tooling around Philadelphia with Lauren and we were both more than ready for some grub. I work near here and had walked by multiple times, but never stopped in, so we decided to give it a try. The pizza was incredible (the spring fling), but more importantly it saved us from being hangry and resenting the look of each other's faces. Good on you Top Tomato, keep doing what you are doing saving lives and relationships. 
Sidenote, the 16" pizza is huge and we only ate half their so I can also confirm the pizza is very good warmed up in the oven if one needs some late night post-drinks nosh.Straight to the point with this place;
~ Customer Service was horrible! This is a seat yourself and the waitress will come and take your order when she feel like it kinda place. 
~ They were clearly short staffed but the waitress could have at least greeted us with a smile instead of a attitude of "hurry up and decide what you want to order" She gave no suggestions on what to order and when she brought our orders to the table she literally just dropped the plates anywhere on the table and left it up to us to figure out what it was and who it belonged too! 
~ I didn't try the pizza but my brother had the all meat pizza and said it was pretty good
~ I ordered a turkey wrap and it was YUCK! bread tasted like it should have been cooked longer, the turkey had no taste...the spinach was good though lol 
~ They had pizza's already cooked and sitting out to display and they all just looked very uninviting. Dry, old, nasty looking. 
Overall I was just disappointed with this place and have no plans to return.I placed an order through Grubhub last weekend and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality I received. The sub and garlic bread were both delicious, mainly due to the bread. You can always tell when bread is freshly baked and I felt like I got a batch right out of the oven. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a late night snack too. It really hit the spot.Forget the other pizza places, I've tried them all.  This is my top choice when im in the mood or not for lunch.  I suggest trying a slice of margarita.  Generally, they are packed, service with a smile and pizza is finger lickin good.  I go atleast 2 times a week, every week.won't waste my money ever again on this place-- gave it a few chances cuz my boyfriend likes the salads- they were ALWAYS at least an hour and a half late.. most times close to two...they had no good excuse and never forewarned it was going to take that long...completely unprofessionalI'm in Philly. I want cheesesteak. 
But with a limited time schedule and a requirement for credit cards accepted we took a crapshoot and went with Top Tomato for our work lunch delivery needs via GrubHub. 
And it was good. Really, friggin' good. My cheesesteak hoagie came with all the fixin's and despite the lack of Paesano's oomph, I scarfed that sucker down more than happily. Delivery was 15 minutes earlier than quoted and lunch for five landed under $50. Ain't nothin' wrong with that, son.I absolutely love Top Tomato and go there at least once per week for lunch. They have amazing pizza and enormous and fresh salads! Service is spectacular if you are dining in or carrying out and everything is fabulous!I've been here since I was little. Everything is good/okay and affordable. The buffalo wings are my favorite. The hoagies are okay, nothing special. If you are looking for a typical pizza shop as opposed to a fancy pizza place, this is a good place to check out. They have a lot of options!The GF and I have had Top Tomato's regular Neapolitan-style pizzas several times now - they're decent though at times doesn't really stand up to delivery. Thus, the pizza occasionally results in a soggy crust if overladen with toppings. 
So this time around, we decided to see if the heft of a Sicilian pie would stand up to delivery.
Sicilian Pie ($15.99)
This was as solid iteration of the square-shaped pie. There was an abundance of cheese that still maintains its gooey-ness and doesn't result in a massive clump. The marinara has some tang to it, but is mostly sweet. But the real measure of a good Sicilian to me? It's all about the dough.
The Sicilian's dough was simply OK. There was too much heft to it as it was not buttery and could have been crispier. Still, it was well-seasoned. 
Delivery might take a bit during the lunch-time rush, but your pizza will most likely come hot. So give Top Tomato a chance and see if it hits the spot for your pizza cravings.My boyfriend and I were visiting his dad in the hospital.  We asked around for a good place to eat and got several recommondations for this place.
It was great.  So many pizzas to choose from.  We had the Manhattan (pepperoni, sausage, mushroom (fresh mushrooms not canned.)  It was very substantial and tasty.
One great thing that must be mentioned was the service.  Alex was our server and he was awesome!  Very friendly and informative.  He even let us sample the famous "red top" pizza that we asked about.   He made us feel very welcome.  
 I would definitely go back the next time I'm in town because they have so many other things to choose from.I went there with a gift cert form Resterants.com and traveling from Maine I had no idea who was good or not.  I had the Chicken Marcella, my Girlfriend had the Mushroom Ravioli, and her friend had pizza.   The waitress was very friendly and the food came out quick which was good as a day at the art museum we were starving.  There was so much food we could not finish it the toasted bread with olive oil was a real nice touch.   I would love to go back there.Tempted to deduct two stars.  Only taking off one since the quality of the food is still on point.  
Tried delivery for the first time.  They charge a $3 delivery fee, though my rental was only 8 blocks away.  That, plus generous tip (because delivery fee implies to my apt door, not me having to drop what I'm doing to find shoes, shlep to the street, and meet the driver), brings a SMALL calzone to $25.
Then this happens:
Drive: Calling so you know to come down.
Me:     Is the building door locked?  I can buzz you up.
Drive: I don't know.  I'm not even there yet.  You have to come down.
Me:    .....................oooookay......
Call Top Tomato:
Me:   Hi.  Just received delivery, and am wondering if it's normal that your drivers make the 
        customer meet them on the street.
TT:   Yeah.  If they can't find parking....
Me:  .....................oooookay......
Obviously not worth discussing further, since the restaurant doesn't care, this driver didn't even know if there was parking as he called before he arrived, didn't have the courtesy to explain this on the phone, and the restaurant just wants a reason to charge you more, but not give you the service for which you're paying.
If you're going to have to dress and head outside anyway, just do pick up or dine in.  Don't bother wasting your money paying for a service which will be given in a very half-assed, honey badger manner.Stopped in for takeout- chicken Parmesan with penne pasta, meatballs and pepperoni pizza and all were very good. The sauce was fresh and chicken hand breaded. I'll be back!I haven't experienced most of this menu yet, because I've found pizza near-perfection in their Pizza Margherita.  The sauce is fantastically fresh tasting, the cheese isn't too heavy, and the basil explodes with flavor.  The crust is thin without being crackery, but can occasionally feel a little limp.  
One star is missing due to the fact that about half the pizzas that I get delivered from here come somewhat mutilated.  The flavor is still intact, and that's all that really matters, right?
**Update- I've dropped another star due to the consistently mangled pizzas that this place allows to be delivered.  For a $2 delivery fee plus a $3 tip on top of that, I end up paying $20 for a disc of dough and a pile of cheese and sauce in the corner of the box, interspersed with green folds of basil.  As much as I love the sauce, I'm done being abused by this place.  I just ordered my last pizza from here.Like Marcello said, Top Tomato is the closest thing we've got to fancy-pants pizza alongside Pietro's. After having gone to NYC, Pietro's, and Zio's, I must give Top Tomato this rating. Meh on the pizza.
Top Tomato also offers some burgers and pasta. The last pasta dish I had was pretty good and came in a huge portion, so I didn't mind taking it home.
I think my friends and I raved about the personal pizzas because a lot of us didn't have them in a while. It's more of the novelty that we found a place that's not Subway that does personal pans.
Have a Jefferson ID? You get a discount! Also, I think it's closed on Sundays.the penne arrabbiata was DELISHHH. i really enjoyed the meal. the toasted bread was way too much for me, and they gave each of us who were dining our own basket. went on a weekday night, so it was a little bit dead, but i enjoyed it just the same.
the people working there were very friendly.
i would like to try their pizza next time.Apparently Top Tomato does a huge lunch business with lots of slices- I have only been for dinner, and it is usually pretty empty. So, I really only have experience ordering full pizzas. The margherita pizza is awesome- by far my favorite. My husband also likes the Jersey and  the Buffalo Chicken pizza.  Their salads are also good- we usually get a Sicilian salad, which is plenty for two people. They seem to keep kind of strange hours, closing especially early in the summer, so check before you head over.I absolutely love this place. I just finished a slice of a spinach/bacon/tomato/chicken pizza, and it was fantastic as always. I've never had a bad pizza from them, or even a good one, they were all great. Their greatest menu item by far is their chicken parmesan sandwich; the sauce is flavorful, the sandwich isn't drowned by sauce or cheese, the chicken is always crispy and perfect, and their homemade bread is a perfect complement. 
I've had great customer service in the restaurant, and only ever had one issue with delivery (pizza box was a little crushed, making the cheese stick to the top),  for which the manager and the delivery guy apologized when we told them. They're polite, courteous, attentive, and most importantly, make a damn good pizza.In our hunt for the Philly's overall best Cheesesteak (Subjective I know), my buddy and I were tipped off about this place. The Server advised strongly we go for the Cheesesteak with Grilled Onions and Green Peppers despite being vegan herself. #Whoa not only is the hoagie amazing but the bread is all made fresh in-house. Four thumbs up if you count my toes!I was really surprised and impressed with this pizza. I had the top tomato with pepperoni which is crust, cheese, sauce and then pepperoni on top. It's different, but they pull it off well. There is a perfect amount of well seasoned sauce that doesn't down the pizza, but enhances the flavor well.