I normally love this place. But after todays lunch. Not so much.
I ordered the grilled chicken melt (which all the staffers kept calling the chicken special) The grilled chicken melt on the menu says grilled chicken, caramelized onions, pepperjack cheese and homemade BBQ Sauce. I added tomato.
The sandwich was fair. there was no trace of BBQ sauce on the sandwich. My biggest problem with the sandwich was the lopsidedness of the sandwich. as you can see from the picture. Chicken was also super salty. 
I should just stick with the Tuna, apple, and cheddar from now on.I had a salmon sandwich from here the other day. My friend had the salmon salad.  So so delicious! The bread fresh and salmon made to order. Mmmm...  We will definitely return !I love this place!! They have amazing lunch and dinner options! I am never disappointed. My favorite is the chicken salad on croissant sandwich, but they have so many amazing options. The soup is always a good choice. Only down side is that it is a little pricey.Their quiches are the best. We ordered 5 (3 vege, 2 w/bacon) for a wedding on a Saturday morning. Prior to ordering we sampled quiches from a bunch of other stores and these were the best by far. They were made first thing that morning for an 8:30 am pickup. We asked if they would cut them for us and they did, nice. While we had other fine food at the reception the quiches were what everyone asked about. The eggs were so soft, like custard and smooth.What a hidden GEM!! It was a rainy day and the air had that kind of chill that gets into your bones...and I really was in the mood for hot, filling soup. I came here at the suggestion of my hairdresser who has a shop nearby on Germantown and Willow Grove Ave. She told me to come here for lunch and I would not be disappointed..Well, she was exactly right. 
This place is a little off the beaten path but all you gotta do is follow your nose!! The aromas will guide you..They had a good selection of soups and sandwiches, and even though it was still a little early they had the dinner specials already posted and ready to roll. They had other menu items too, but my mind was on the soup.
I ordered the Turkey Corn Chowder and I was given the option of a roll or baguette...Why, baguette please!! How delightful!! It was quite a good accompaniment to my delicious soup that I ate slowly and deliberately...right in front of my hater husband who wasn't feeling adventurous that day and decided to stick to a place he was familiar with..BOY, was he hatin on my soup. He kept saying, " man, that smells so good!!- as he munched on his "familiar" chicken. 
Honey, it IS good. 
Next time Gadget, next time.The cafe half of Top of the Hill Market is a good choice for a workday lunch, especially in good weather.  Having counter service is great when you don't have much time.  The menu is primarily sandwiches, soups and deli salads.  Two-thirds of the seating is outdoors, so on a cold day I imagine the indoor seating is very tight.  I've seen complaints in other reviews regarding the prices, but they didn't seem out of line to me.Turkey Corn Chowder is AMAZING.  That is the only thing I ever order.  The girls at my work and I call at least twice a week to see if they have it.  They don't make it as often as I'd like, but it is reallllllly good.Great place, good service, original sandwiches. If you're anywhere Chestnut Hill it's a must stop if your hungry. The produce market has the best looking fruit and vegetables. Barbara's special is my favorite.Had the lime chili salmon with mashed potatoes and quinoa salad. Excellent, Excellent quality! Like something you would find in a really good restaurant.  Deliciously cooked and generous portion for the price. Will go back again. Nice outdoor seating area, small iron tables and chairs. Off the beaten path of chestnut hill.My best friend took me here for much, I got the salmon salad and it was very good. I have been here twice and have not been disappointed. It about 15 minutes away so it's an easy ride of I want a quick sandwich. The location is good and I always go to The cheese spot next door and the market had good fruit.We order from Top of the Hill cafe all of the time for lunch. We are located 6 minutes from the cafe, so it is not an annoyance or long distant for our lunch to be delivered. They never have any of the menu items that are updated daily on their website. Everything we order there is something they don't have. Today we called early to be one of the first deliveries to leave at 11 when they start delivering. We have still yet to receive out delivery ( 1 1/2 after we ordered, and 45 minutes after they started delivering) We were told that our order would be going out first. They lost loyal customers as there are 20 people who work in this building that order lunch from them often.Still one of my favorite "go to" places. Always have a hard time choosing what to eat and end up getting a few extra things . Currently my favorite sandwich is a"Meredith's Favorite" with added turkey! So good! Ernesto has continued to keep the food above average! Thank you!Tuna cheddar apple on rye bread is superb. The rye bread is so delicious. Wish I could buy a loaf!Love this restaurant! It's a great lunch spot. A bit pricey but to be expected. I went on a Sunday afternoon and it was crowded but the wait wasn't long. Parking wasn't a problem and there's a nice fresh produce shop next to the cafe.5 stars?  Really people?   It's a deli. With big kaiser rolls. And deli meats and grilled chicken sandwiches with a lot of bread and very little vegetables. It's traditional; there is nothing inventive.  I will say the people are very nice, and they go have great outdoor seating.  I also liked their selection of local seltzer water.   But I will not be back. 
The bathroom inside the deli is VERY tiny, and there are a few steps into the market part of this establishment.I had the typical 3 star experience at Top of the Hill Cafe- not wonderful but not bad either. 
The good: the menu has a ton of choices, and most of the options are pre-made and in the front case so you know what you are getting right off the bat. The food all looked super fresh. I opted for the salmon burger and the jicama mango salad. The salmon burger was delicious and full of flavor! (more on the jicama salad later)... The staff was super friendly and very accommodating to make sure that the orders were just right. 
The bad: the service was a little slow. Since I ordered food from the case, everything had to be weighed out to figure out the cost. No prices were posted so I really just crossed my fingers that it wouldn't be too much when I ordered (prices are posted for sandwiches, soups, etc.). I ordered the jicama mango salad which, on my plate, was jicama, 3 blueberries and the tiniest sliver of mango. I'm pretty sure that they would have been accommodating if I went back and complained, but after waiting over 10 minutes for my food I was too hungry for that, and I do like jicama. 
Overall, the food was pretty good, and with so many options I would love to try more. I would just be wary about when I go. If the wait was significant at 11:30 I would hate to see it during the noon lunch rush.This is one of our regular lunch go-to spots on a weekend afternoon. Stop into the tiny, packed cafe to order fresh sandwiches, soups or prepared items to take home and then eat at one of the few indoor tables or, better yet, outdoor tables if the weather permits. Their tuna with cheddar and apples is one of my staple favorites and, when they have them, their tilapia po'boys rock. 
When you're done, share a massive, fresh chocolate chip cookie and head over to the market side for fresh produce, seafood, and now fresh meats to pick up everything you need for a seasonal dinner at home.I just hosted a post wedding brunch and served two sides of poached salmon that were prepared for us by Top of the Hill.   I am usually the type of host who has to do everything myself.  However, this time I decided to get some outside help.  What a great decision!  The fish was delicious and the presentation with greens, tomatoes, cucumber and lemons was beautiful. In addition, they provide a cucumber/dill sauce and pineapple salsa which are both tasty.   Our guests thoroughly enjoyed this dish.  I would not hesitate to serve this again for a large group of people.--Super cute and classy!! They have the cutest market place next door with fresh fruit, and the cafe itself is adorable with in and outdoor seating. There's a friendly dog who roams around, and the scenery is delicious- almost as much as their soups and sandwiches, but not quite. Creative selections and nice staff. This one is a winner! My only gripe is that parking is sort of a downfall, but in this neighborhood, that's sort of to be expected.Four stars for this joint cause it's truly GREAT! 
Just to start it out, this review is for the deli, and the only reason it's not 5 stars is because I think it might be a tad bit overpriced. i don't shop at the meat and produce market at all just because it is too pricey. 
I typically come here for breakfast and it is just always a good choice. It's all so so so so so fresh and the coffee comes from Chestnut Hill Coffee Company so that's also a big ++!
The biggest strengths of Top of the Hill Market are:
1. The freshness of the ingredients (meat, bread, coffee, etc.)
2. Made to order while you wait. 
3. Is a great take away spot or you're welcome to sit in one of a few tables.
So stop by and enjoy something fresh and truly amazing!This has become one of our go to places for a quick dinner when we don't feel like cooking. They've got a great variety of soups and lots of tasty entrees with a good selection of vegetarian options as well.
The staff is always warm and friendly and the service is great. I have to agree that the prices are a bit high but as a once in a while thing, you can't go wrong with TotH Cafe.I have not had a bad meal here. I have not tried the sandwiches but their soup and side dishes are amazing. 
The staff are always friendly and efficient even when there is a line out of the door.  
The prices are a bit high but it's worth every bite!This place does NOT have their act together. Went in the other day for a sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. The sausage was cold when I got it. The people there were not very friendly. They are very slow!  People yelling this way and that. Very disorganized. Would never eat here again!If you're looking for a casual place for good food, quick service, and a pleasant atmosphere (clean, relaxed, friendly and professional staff), look no further. The food is always fresh and you can tell the ingredients are high quality. I really like their crab cakes and salmon burgers.This review is for the cafe only, haven't been to the market.  The food is excellent and the staff is the friendliest and most pleasant I've ever experienced around here, seriously.  
Had the best black bean soup ever tonight, and the balsamic brussel sprouts were fabulous, my mom who doesnt usually eat brus sprouts tried them and loved them!  There are lots of vegetarian options ; )  
p.s. its a little hard to find, but ask around, the locals know it well.Amazing deli, cute outside seating next to farmers market. Also near cute shops! Try "Bill's Favorite" first time having black bread, it was good, u know what they say, go black and never go back! Oh and use the restroom before u go, it's the tiniest in PA I'd guessThe Top of the Hill Café has become a well-known addition to the Chestnut Hill food scene.  Located adjacent to the market of the same name it is open for all three meals of the day and a snack in between.  Food quality is good here and as such it has become popular for take-away as well as eat-in. Their attractive outdoor café & juice bar is also a great hit in warmer weather - as long as it is not too hot as it was this past week. I recently enjoyed a platter of their homemade crab cake, cole slaw, and roasted beets.  Only the roasted beets disappointed - they were for me too soft as if they had sat too long and then were microwaved to heat-up.  Also I would suggest maybe serving a tartar or cocktail sauce with the crab cake.  I looked for a hot sauce to add to it but none were out.  Perhaps if I had asked they might have had a hot sauce but in a casual eatery such as this, it is best to keep a hot sauce out for the customer's use.  Still the food and cheerful atmosphere make Top of the Hill Café a pleasant stop.Loved the ham, brie, and apple on sourdough with mustard.  Great service and good value.I've been shopping at the market and eating at the adjacent cafe for years. The produce is always fresh at the market, and I appreciate the fact that it's open 6 days a week. At the cafe, some of their specials are wonderful (they'll let you taste any of the prepared dishes, which is great!), especially the soups. As the previous poster mentioned, their turkey corn chowder is excellent, but I think their mushroom artichoke soup is even better...thick, creamy, with big pieces of artichoke and a combination of button and wild mushrooms in a rich, creamy broth. My sandwich favorite is their Bill's Special, which is havarti, sprouts and avocado along with honey mustard on black bread. Ernesto's crab cakes are also full of crab meat, wtih minimal filler, red bell pepper and seasoning.This wonderful little cafe has the best crab cakes I've ever eaten. And I haven't had a soup I didn't love. The charming outdoor seating area is a bonus and a great place to have a casual lunch with friends. Don't be scared away by the posts about the prices. The prices are comparable to anything else you'll find in the area, but the quality of food is better and the portions are bigger.Best. Tuna. Salad. Ever.  I pretty much only get the tuna here, but everything else looks really good.Cute little market with some unique sandwiches, along with typical sandwiches. Portions are decent, but prices are a little on the high side. It's a good spot to enjoy a casual outside lunch on a nice day.I treated myself to The Top of the Hill Cafe today and I was very disappointed.  For starters this use to be one of my favorite spots to eat, when I worked in Chestnut Hill. I've eaten here over 30 times. They are a bit pricey but for the quality and taste, it was worth it. Today I treated my boyfriend and myself to a tilapia hoagie. The woman recommended a po' boy which we both decided to get. Needless to say, we were both very disappointed. The fish was dry and had no flavor. The roll was nothing spectacular and the slaw was pretty bland. There was a pepper remoulade which was good but there wasn't much of it. Every po' boy that I have ever had was packed with flavor. Keep in mind, I am a serious foodie. I like good quality food and I'm a very good cook so, when I go out to eat and have a bad meal it is annoying. Needless to say I won't be back and I'll stop recommending that my friends and family go.I come here everytime I visit the treehouse cafe with my kids. The sandwiches are really good. Each time I ordered from here, it comes out freshly made. The ingredients tasted very wholesome, very homemade. Nothing tasted artificial or it came out from the freezer and just cooked. Little pricey, but you're paying for the quality. The only thing is I wish they have high chairs for little ones.Great atmosphere, very good food, local hangout with fun people and friendly ownership.One of my favorite lunch spots--I work in the area.  I usually get a salad with salmon, veggie pita with hummus, or egg salad on croissant.  All very fresh.  You can't go wrong with any of their soups--I love the black bean and also vegetable lentil.  Staff is always friendly and attentive.  On a nice day, it's lovely to enjoy their outdoor seating.  Only complaint is that it can be a tad pricey, but it's to be expected in Chestnut Hill.Chestnut hills little secret. I love this place for a hideaway. Great food. And very relaxing atmosphere. I remember coming here for lunch everyday when I was working a spa around the corner from thereWe found this lovely little cafe tucked away on a street in Chestnut Hill while seeking a brief respite from the summertime traffic and heat on Germantown Ave.  And what a find it was - it is now on our list of places we must stop at whenever we are in the neighborhood - we cool down off the beaten path while sitting outside to enjoy the breeze.  My favorites vacillate between the Turkey Cranberry Deluxe and the Tuna Cheddar and Apple; though we always end up taking home some salmon burgers or lobster rolls for dinner.  Highly recommend.Love it every time we go!!  Try the salmon it it phenomenal.  Build your own garden salad with fresh veggies is always a treat.  My friend loved the apple cheddar tunafish sandwich.  Good for eating in a quick lunch or taking home some stuff for dinner.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.  Could not recommend more!!This place is great! Everything was super fresh and the staff is very friendly. The ham and cheese hoagie was really yummy. The roll was so soft! Try the grilled Ruben if they have it. Soooo good! They even made me a fresh one :). Also the sides were amazing especially the Greek salad and grilled corn salad. You can tell they take pride in their foods! Check it out if you're strolling around chestnut hill! You can even eat outside surrounded by a gorgeous garden!The only barrier standing between this market and a five-star rating is the fact that it's insanely expensive.  Nonetheless, the market selection is excellent and everything I've ever purchased there has been of the best quality.  When I'm at home and need EXCELLENT poultry, meats, or fresh produce this is the best place to pick up all three.  The prepared foods are also pretty good, though I've only tried a few.
I should probably review the deli separately, but a friend recently introduced me to it so I'll tack it on here; their sandwiches are simply amazing.  I was watching the staff roasting and carving turkey and roast beef while waiting in line, but opted to try the salmon in the end; it did not disappoint, except in that I inhaled an entire sandwich in about eight minutes and wanted another.  The filet was well-seasoned and tender to the point where it practically melted in my mouth, and served on locally baked bread with fresh tomato and lettuce and what seemed to be a homemade, mayonnaise-based sauce of some kind.  I wish I knew what was in it...Finally after reading all the reviews here, I got a chance to visit this place. It definitely lived up to its reputation. Vegetables are comparable in price to Wegmans and fruits were really yummy. Recently, everything I buy at Wegmans goes bad real fast but not the fruit from Top of the Hill Market. It is hard to find strawberries that actually taste like strawberries nowadays and I did find them here!!Delicious chicken chowder, recommended by young lady (with a smile ). Very small and warm( literally and figuratively). A little pricey.The produce stand was fantastic! Good prices and decent produce!
The dining part was also pretty great.
We were there during Harry Potter Weekend, so the place was packed with a line out the door... But they still managed to move the line quickly. The foods were renamed for Harry Potter weekend, and I had a piece of "BBQ griffin", which was a nice BBQ chicken breast. It was several dollars, but worth the price, for sure.My wife and I have been patronizing the market and the cafe before it was a cafe and the food has always been great. Their specialty sandwiches as well as their daily specials are delicious. The outdoor seating is great during the warm weather, a great place for lunch any day of the weekMmmm... apple, brie and honey mustard sandwich, warmed, on pumpernickel bread. 
JUST DO IT. 
You can thank me later. 
This place is a little difficult to find if you aren't a local, but if you slip down the alley ways between banks (or just walk down Evergreen Ave) discovering one of Chestnut Hill's best kept secrets is like finding hidden treasure. 
Now, go across the street and polish it off with a slice of that chocolate cake from McNally's and you've had yourself a proper day On the Hill.Pricey, but the quality is pretty amazing.  I am a picky eater, and so my sandwiches tend to be plain: meat, cheese, bread -- no mayo, no nothin'.  Consequently, there's no sauce or anything to hide poor quality ingredients -- and Top Of The Hill Cafe has nothing to hide!  The roast beef is so fresh and tender, as is the turkey, because they actually roast the meat on the premises and slice it as needed.  The salmon melts in your mouth.  The soups can be a little salty, but still amazing -- ask for a sample beforehand if you're concerned.   The brownies and the cookies are the best I've ever had. 
And if you're having company and want to look like an amazing cook but don't have time -- this is the place to come for salads, side dishes, and entrees that are sure to please.Love this cafe! It's kind of tucked away  behind Wells Fargo next to a small farmers market and cleaners. They have an array of prepped foods that are made fresh in the am and put out for the days consumption (I'm guessing  I don't work there so I'm not entirely sure ). Usually a couple fish selections, fresh salads and side dishes. My favorite part of Top of the Hill is really their smoothie/ juice hut. It's really cute and they have wine/ beer. I always make my own- because I'm difficult- but if you're in CH go check them out!Stopped in for a quick breakfast while checking out the area! 
This is a quaint little deli with indoor and outdoor seating. Seems like the perfect spot to enjoy a lunch or drink on a sunny day. As it was 35 degrees we opted to eat inside. 
We both ordered breakfast sandwiches. Mine was on an everything bagel and the bf got his on the Kaiser roll. They were both delicious, quick, and affordable! 
They have a nice selection of cold drinks, coffee, tea, and a deli counter with cold vegetables and salads!Really great market with fresh produce and another market with great prepared food, sandwiches, salads, and sides!Top of the Hill is one of Chestnut Hill's hidden gems.  The market sits just off of the main drag, but it's definitely worth the trip.  Since expanding a few years ago the place has only grown in popularity.
The produce market features many fresh local selections, and there are often a number of unusual treats to try (I had my first mango-nectarine here!)  The staff is very helpful, as many have been around for years and know all of the ins and outs of the trade.  They are always happy to help you pick out a ripe cantaloupe, or recommend the best apple for your needs.  From time to time the market will be out of certain items (especially on Sundays) but the staff is usually able to tell you when it will be coming in next, or offer a substitue.
The seafood market is a more recent addition, and Captain Andy makes sure to keep it stocked with fresh and even some local catches. Be sure to browse the walls of the market to check out some photos of the staff with some of their biggest catches.
The cafe is what draws most people in, and it can get very busy during lunch time.  You can't go wrong with any of their delicious signature sandwiches, and Ernesto's crab cakes are always a crowd pleaser.  Aside from the sandwiches, the menu tends to change daily, so there is always something new to try.  Many of the dishes incorporate produce from the market, so you know they're fresh.
I would definitely recommend this spot to anyone looking to grab a quick lunch, or stock up on ingredients to prepare a delicious dinner. You really can't go wrong!This place is one of the reasons that I love Chestnut Hill. This market and cafe are totally off the beaten path, but they survive (and survive well) on the traffic of locals. Fresh produce on one side and a cafe of homemade soups, salads and sandwiches on the other. A great place to sit and eat lunch with a friend. Can't go wrong here!Place is great for you to clear your mind with your favorite coffee. Always mixed with groups or individuals having fun or just reading theirs favorite book. Coffee is awesome and if you are lucky view from window will make your day.I had Bill's Favorite (avocado, brie, and sprouts with honey mustard on black bread) and I added turkey breast. It was a pretty delicious and filling combination but pricey for just a sandwich.$7.51 for a mediocre (at best) breakfast sandwich? Nooooo thank you! I haven't had anything else from here, but that was such a let down I wouldn't be back.Great, quick lunch on a weekday. The staff was friendly, and my tuna sandwich was tasty. Looks like there are lots of great options.What happened to this place?  It was always a satisfying experience that offered good food along with quick and friendly service but over the last several months, it has really declined. The quality and variety of the food offerings, including standard sandwiches, has lessened significantly and the staff will help you if they have finished their conversation with fellow employees. And if you expect to receive food as you have ordered, I hope you are flexible because that element of the business has also become a crapshoot.I really like coming here for a glass of wine during our evening family walks. The staff here is always extremely friendly. I haven't had anything to eat from their cafe yet but husband has. 
During the summer they would have these all you can eat cookouts. Hot dogs, hamburgers, chicken with tons of side items. It was $20 for adults and $10 for kids. They actually give me my wristband for free with my husbands admission because I had gastric sleeve surgery and can only eat about 4 or 5 oz at a time. Normally I pay for the children's price everywhere else, so I thought that was extremely nice of them. 
I'm really excited to see the Christmas trees they sell during the winter.Love this place. Great salads and sandwiches. Very cute vibe too. Love coming here for lunchThis place was once a very good spot. I don't know what happened but it has taken a step back. If you want a sandwich for lunch i suggest you order it at 8am because they are SLOW. The wait takes forever for a simple sandwich. I thought it was a one time thing but i went back today and waited close to 30 minutes for a turkey sandwich. There were only 2 other customers and it wasn't lunch time. Food is above average but not worth the ridiculous wait.Sorry Top of the Hill...you guys lose a star!
I'm still a fan but I am NOT a fan of your hiked up prices!! It was already a little pricey before but now methinks you guys have completely lost your minds. I will not be going out of my way to come here anymore...I loved this place. Good food, service and reasonable prices . Shocked and sad that they closed. So many are closing in this area. First Oasaka then Banjari. Hope no other Restaraunts. Have to close.I've been going to Top of the Hill for over 10 years now. While I love them they have been extremely disappointing recently. The last 8 TIMES I've been there they haven't been able to make the sandwich I've been ordering for years. Either they don't have baguettes, or they run out of mozzarella, or something else. This is seriously frustrating as a loyal customer. The times where I have gotten something else- they messed up the order! The staff isn't understanding of this at all. As someone who no longer lives in the area I try to visit here as often as possible but for the past year they haven't been able to make me my sandwich ONCE! I've also gone at various hours of the day 10am to 4pm so there is really no excuse anymore.Great, casual lunch spot! The vibe is low-key and the food is homemade and delicious.
I went for "Annmarie's Favorite" - fresh roasted turkey on multi grain with mozzarella, pesto, and tomato. The turkey was nice and meaty (not your average turkey sandwich) and the fresh mozzarella was really silky and light. My favorite part of the sandwich was the bread - it was so crusty and seedy - everything I would want in a multigrain bread.
I opted for a side of their greek salad, a seasonal special. It was a great choice. They skipped the lettuce in favor of big chunky tomatoes, cucumber, onion and feta. It was a decent sized portion, and lunch was under $10 for the sandwich and salad.
Really friendly service, great selections, and fresh food.The atmosphere can be welcoming and calm, but on a rainy day when you just need to grab something quick before your meeting at work and don't have time to check if your order was right, chances are it won't work out well for you.  
Of the three times I ordered from Top of the Hill Cafe there has always been an issue.
________________________
My first order was a Large Cesar Salad, waited 15 minutes before picking it up only to find out they didn't start making it because they were out of croutons.  Easy substitution for something else, but I was not contacted about it and had to wait for it to be made.
Second order was a Spinach Salad Roll Up (description says it comes with bacon), this time I was contacted on my way there and asked if I wanted bacon on it, so they didn't prepare it until I confirmed what the description already said.
The third and final order was a Specialty Order: Pepperoni and Mozarella Melt.  Arriving 15 minutes after placing the order, they could not find my sandwich, until realizing it was not accepted because that sandwich was from a previous week and no longer available (but still listed online).  So I requested the cashier replace my order with a Chicken Melt, confirming it could be made without the Barbeque Sauce.  After waiting for it to be made and arriving back in my office, I unwrap to find my chicken melt, drenched in the sauce I did not ask for.Really enjoyed my sammich at Top of the Hill.  Thin sliced, tender turkey with swiss and homemade cranberry sauce on dark rye bread hit the spot on what turned out to be the first day of Fall (not by the calendar, but because it was the first day...October 12...for the temp to be under 70 deg). So, feelin' Fall in the air, turkey with cranberry sauce made a lot of sense.  Unlike the weather.  Outdoor covered seating and indoor seating, as well as immediate (paid) parking give you options.  Because the weather can be fickle.  Part of the complex includes a deli counter as well as some of the freshest produce I've seen, so bring your tank top, overcoat, long johns, ski parka, and an umbrella for one of the best sandwich/deli/produce markets around.  Come to think of it, you might as well bring crampons too just to be safe.