Awesome place. Zach is a charming, sexy bartender eho knows how to make you laugh. Someone named dan made my food, amazing. Going back.Nice spot on a summer day. Outdoor seating, open windows, plenty of seating. Food was good, decent selection of drinks. No happy hour specials or game day specials yet unfortunately.Place is brand new so I won't dock them on the service, but they definitely need to work out the kinks.  The staff was friendly and apologetic for our wait and order errors.  The main issue i have is the food itself.   Zero flavor.  The coleslaw was flavorless, the corn bread wasn't good.  My friend had ribs and they were dry and I had brisket that was cooked fine but no smoke flavor at all.  I expect more from a barbecue restaurant.  Any flavor you get will be if you drown the food in BBQ sauce.Ideally would like to give Tradesman's 3.5 stars (c'mon yelp I seriously can't give half stars?) this is still a new spot and they're learning what works and what doesn't. There was a power outage in the middle of dinner hah. The waitstaff is extremely friendly so points there. The appetizers aren't worth the price - I got potato skins for $10 and only got 3 small spuds, but the BBQ was pretty good. The brisket was my favorite and the ribs were falling off the bone. The pulled pork was nothing to write home about. I've had better sauces also - their "Carolina gold" sauce was basically mustard. The spicy sauce was my fav - as it wasn't too spicy which I can honestly appreciate (does anybody actually enjoy that over the top amd oh so cleverly named "Satan's inferno-esque" spicy sauce some restaurants serve?) I'd go back probs in a few months and it definitely seems like Tradesman's has potential for an evening bar crowd too!Went to Tradesman's after a long work week with another couple. Happily, we were all in the mood to splurge so we were able to try most of the meat/side offerings. Wound up doing two "Pick Three"s (1/2 order of any three meats & three sides).
The meats: Baby Back Ribs, Pork Belly, Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork, Housemade Sausage, and Lamb Shoulder, of which the lamb was the most favored and flavorful and the housemade sausage the least.
The sides: Cornbread (not too sweet), Mac n Cheese (very creamy), Onion Rings (smooth batter finish), Brisket Beans, and Cole Slaw, of which the cornbread was the most favored and the onion rings the least.
Beer was approved by those drinking. Service was great, though the waitress advised us that sides are portioned for 1 and upon their arrival, we determined that if you're sharing sides and numerous meats, sides are really portioned for 2.
Note: It's loud, likely because of the wood finishes, which look great, but echo. We were seated toward the back of the first floor, and glad to be, as it was slightly quieter there. Expect to repeat portions of your conversation for audibility.Excellent wings! I'm gluten free so this was one of the choices and I loved every bite! Crispy and perfect finished wings with blue cheese sauce. 
Also had the Pennsylvanian flight of four ciders!! The one that's only made for them, Java's bourbon peach is amazing. 
The vibe was cool with country music and very rustic bar and really helpful barman!
Would definitely recommend this place!First day on the job for our waitress, she had no clue what she was doing, no one was overseeing what she was doing. We were a party of 6 and she gave us 3 sets of utensils and 3 glasses of water. She stated she had to go hunt down more forks and knives because they were out.  The chicken and ribs were burnt. I would recommend the restaurant to fully train their staff before letting them out waiting on customers on their own. Management/owner really needs to get on top of it, how do you run out of utensils? 
I would def not recommend this place if ur planning to have an enjoyable dinner.The food here is fantastic. We got pulled pork, brisket, sausage and lamb and every bite was amazing. They offer some sauces but the food was so good it does not need a drop of it. The spicy pickles were a real nice touch. The mac and cheese was really good as well. The corn bread was like corn bread pound cake - in a good way.
They were out of chicken so I will have to go back to get some of that. 
My only complaint is that the menu uses red ink and the restaurant is set to mood lighting so its not the best option for reading the items on the right with smaller text. And the beet carpaccio salad was good because the greens were so well dressed. The beets themselves seemed a little bland.
This is a really great place - perfect for larger groups. I would give them five stars but I want to go back and make sure it wasn't a fluke and they can keep it up.I see some of the negative reviews and I hope that doesn't deter you from trying a really awesome place. I have been here a few times, once when it first opened and shortly after. I didn't have the experience others are mentioning. The service was great, food came out hot and pricing is awesome for center city. I had the brisket and pork belly, both were delicious. The decor is fantastic and the bar is a great place to catch a game on the huge wall of tv's. I definitely would recommend this place.The bar area is great, whiskey and beer selection is awesome. The food is good for a bbq spot. We got pulled pork, Mac and cheese, steak, fries and cornbread. The bbq sauces it comes with were very good to pair with. I wasn't a fan of the steak but everything else was solid. Not as good as Fette Sau but if you don't want to go all the way to Fishtown this is a great option.Why open a restaurant if literally nothing is ready?? Very unorganized opening...hostess gave away our table 3 times before we just decided to eat at the bar. No happy hour specials (which is a problem and very weird for that area of Philly), and the bottom portion of the menu with the 1/2 pound of your choice of bbq with sides wasn't being offered so everything had to be purchased separately. 
Overall, not impressed with the food. Its good for BBQ since there aren't many places like it in the area, but they need to get it together in the service/management department. Won't be getting a second chance from usFood was mediocre. Definitely overpriced. Good whiskey selection. Service was very good. I'd give it another try.The people were incredibly nice and the service was top notch. It's also a really nice large space. Great for groups. 
The food was a solid meh. The mac and cheese was grainy, the brisket and pulled pork were bland. The sausages were VERY good though.Great ambiance and food! Restaurant and bar just opened! Love the inside design. See picture of food attached! EnjoySaw the article about this place opening and thought it was a great concept close to World of Beer but with food. Went on a Saturday night, place did not seem full but there was a 30 minute wait for a table and the tables next to the bar had reservations signs on them. My party agreed to wait and ended up waiting 90 minutes for what seemed to be lack of front house experience. I spoke with the hostess and she was really sweet but explained they were seating on rotation (duh) and that they didn't want to overwhelm the servers (????). As a former server and hostess I was flabbergasted that they didn't see the money that was walking right out the front door. We were not the only party waiting to be seated and getting frustrated with the slothlike process. 
When they finally had a table ready (it had been sitting open) it was in the extremely loud and busy area, I got us a table in the back since it didn't make sense to have to scream at my dinner companions. Once seated the waitress was there promptly and since we had 90 minutes to figure out what we wanted our order was placed right then. Food came out maybe 15 minutes later which is nice but doesn't explain the slow seating. 
We got the 3 meat combo. The brisket was dry but the fat on the edges was flavorful, however you had to cut it with a knife. The smoked sausage had no flavor - I've had better Johnsonville smoked sausage. The lamb shoulder was tender and was everything the brisket should have been. Regarding the sauces the Carolina Gold and Spicy were great the others were meh. Brisket beans - meh
Mac and Cheese - I've had better
Coleslaw - was fresh, underwhelming and no true flavor profile.
We each did a flight of beer and there were no complaints.
Overall I wouldn't waste my time going there for food. If you want beer, whiskey and country music (legit 4+ Carrie Underwoods songs while we were there) then this is your place. If you want bbq - I recommend going to your nearest grocery store to the frozen section.Went on 3rd night opened. Me and my wife had the Pork Belly, the Sausage, the Mac & Cheese & Coleslaw. The Pork Belly was on point but the real star of the show was the Mac & Cheese. Light, airy, Cheesey and topped with panko bread crumbs. Would definitely come back to try the ribs and brisket. Jay the bartender is top notch.I came here when it first opened.  I am a huge bbq guy, I eat at fette sau, Mike's in south philly, dekes in manayunk etc all the time - at least 2-3 a month.  The bbq here is an absolute joke.  Brisket was dry and overcooked; not tender at all.  Pork belly tasted like it was microwaved. Seasoning was subpar, and the texture was rubbery.  Waste of money and a HUGE letdown.New venue which opened few weeks ago. I remembered it being some kind of salad place and didn't like it than cause it was pricey for no reason. Completely remodeled this place looks great. Main floor has tons of bar seats and tables for 2 and 4. Upstairs there is also a bar and that area can be reserved for special events and there is another bar in the basement. I can see how packed this place will be during football season. Plenty of beers on tap from breweries all over the country. I didn't try their food yet and they will roll happy hour deals next week for the first time. I hope they are decent.Came here Thursday evening and managed to snag a spot at the outdoor bar stools. The food was great. Being from the south my expectations for bbq in Philly are pretty low, but I was pleasantly surprised. We had the fried oysters and tri-tip steak. The steak was cooked perfectly. Very tender and flavorful. The fried oysters were great, but the portions seemed small for $12. I do wish there was a combination plate where you can try a few of the different meats they have available. The bartenders are super friendly and the beer selection is great. As with any new establishment they have a few kinks to work out, but overall a great place. Will definitely return.Worst takeout experience. In philly for the night staying at a nearby hotel. Walked by Tradesman, they advertised takeout so we thought it must be easy to get  if they advertise it specifically. We called to place an order from the menu on opentable, as there does not seem to be a website. We wanted the platter for two. Upon calling, we were told that is only for dining in. Okay. New plan. We take a moment and say we will call back. Calling back, we ask to order the tri tip steak and a pulled pork sandwich with a side of the corn hash, cole slaw and beans. They say 15 min. About 10 later we get a VM saying they are out of "things" and to call them back. We call them back and they say they are out of the cole slaw and corn hash. We then try to order the garlic mash, which they don't have either. Fine. We ask how long and they say 20 min. So now the wait is longer. Upon going to pick it up, the bartender could care less about our order. Seems more like a bar that serves food than a restaurant that also has a bar. When paying, we were not asked about sauces and I guess we assumed they would be in the bag. We got back to our hotel, no silverware, no napkins. The pulled pork sandwich  came with fries which we were not told about (so we had ordered an extra side), we had no sauces at all and the steak didn't come with any bread. TERRIBLE experience. Maybe turnoff your LED "takeout" sign so others will make better choices when trying to get to go food.Tradesmen's was a cool place but it had some hiccups. It was two levels and they had roll up doors in the front with bar seating for nicer weather. The beer selection was decent, the food was OK, but my biggest criticism of this place was the service.
I was there with a small group of no more than 20 people who all wanted drinks and food. There was supposed to be a bartender upstairs for us and a server but neither one of them were on time, neither one of them were attentive, beers and food took forever to arrive and were messed up, and my check had either two or three drinks on it that I did not purchase but the bartender would not take off because he insisted that I did. I ordered drinks directly from him and did not place any drink orders with the server. Somehow this confusion was getting lost in translation and I was not happy. I'm sure it is great on a normal day in a normal setting, but I did not have a great experience there.
I got two orders of nachos and an order of potato skins for those I was sitting with. The nachos had chicken on them and were Luke warm to cold. The potato skins were very hard but were hot. The toppings were good but overall the food situation could have been better.Good selection of beer, they have a couple that are brewed just for them, which I thought was neat. Service was friendly and attentive. My friend drinks whiskey and he was impressed by the selection
It's close to my work so I'll be back to try some morethis place was great. walked right in and sat down with my boys ! my friend told me to ask some random girls to sit with us and after they agreed they tried to ride our tab hard. besides those free loading whores we had a great time, great service and great beers !M 27, with wife 25, sister in law 30 and mother in law 62. 
This place was absolutely phenomenal. The food was absolutely delicious, the service was prompt and excellent, and the price was very fair for the portions. Grayson was our server today and she was friendly, quick and attentive. We would definitely come back again for good barbecue and a great beer selection.The bar itself is great (very small and crowded BUT fun) but the manager, Alexis (blonde - small girl, with a giant attitude) ruins the entire experience. She is SO rude it's insane. I have never felt so disrespected by a fellow female before and she is the main reason I will not return to Tradesman. I asked a simple question and her snobby remark is the reason I will not return. Unless they fix management, don't waste your time.Great beer selection with some unique brews but the food is terrible. There is no reason to go here.Excellent food.  In town often for work and I'm always looking for new places to eat.  I enjoy a relaxing environment where the food is good.  This place definitely fits the bill. The BBQ was top notch and the service was excellent.  My waitress Carly was super sweet and gave me some excellent suggestions on the food.   I will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone who is looking for good BBQ with a unpretentious atmosphere.A little loud, but it had the beer I have been searching for (Pliny the Elder) in half pours and full pours which was perfect for our group! Great beer selection and within walking distance of everything!Was really hoping to like this place. Unfortunately the service was the worst I have experienced. We had a reservation for 8 PM, but weren't seated until 8:50. That was the first fault. Went on to order a flight of ciders, which were good. We ordered an appetizer, and 3 meats with 3 sides as the entree. Rather than space the food out, we were brought the appetizer AND the entrees all at once. The server asked us to consolidate the trays because there wasn't room on our tiny table along with the appetizer. I think this should serve as a warning sign to the server that appetizers should come before the entree. None the less, we ate. The pulled pork was incredibly watery. Definitely needed some sauces which were not brought until 15 minutes later... enough time for everything to cool. Probably not helped by the fact that they had all of the large front windows open in 53° weather. The entire meal was rushed. We had planned on ordering several drinks spaced out through the meal, but the timing of meal delivery was so off. Unfortunately, the only thing that was rushed was the meal! After the sub-par service we were ready to get out of there. But again we waited... After our meal the server brought boxes for our meal, but said she couldn't take our card yet because she hadn't printed the bill. So we waited... another 35 minutes. All in all, we were at this establishment for 2.5 hours, and only 20 of those minutes were spent drinking and eating from start to finish. Very disappointing as I love bbq, and my husband loves whiskey. We were hoping this would become a regular restaurant. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this place.Went with a group of friends the other night. The food and service was excellent and I will most likely return. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because a small glass of Diet Coke is $3 and there are no free refills. I can't think of many places in the city that don't offer free refills.New bar in Philly. Sadly the bartender wrote in a fake tip and put a one in front of my $5 tip for drinks. Called the manager to have this handled and was refunded the difference in tip, after 2-3 weeks. If I was the manager I would have issued the entire check back...won't be returning to this place with dishonest bartenders who take advantage of customers.First time at Trademans and it was a winner!
The food is phenomenally good. Burgers were spectacular yet simple. Fries were scrumptious. Nachos and Pulled Pork, my friends devoured, however I was unable to get a bite, but since they were devoured, I assumed they were good.
Great beer selection.
I think the service could be more attentive.Poor service, cold food. Waitress was rude and messed up drinks, when the table tipped 15%  instead of 20% she complained to the table. I had no problem telling her why.So I came back here for dinner on a Tuesday and was very impressed. We were seated immediately and promptly greeted by a very nice and attentive server. We ordered Christmas drinks which arrived in 5-7 minutes. My hot chocolate cocktail with bourbon was outrageously good. 
For dinner my wife got the burger and I got the 1/2 baby back stack with mac and cheese and cornbread. Our meals came out in less than 15 minutes. Everything was hot and tasted fresh. My wife enjoyed her burger. She also absolutely loved the fries.  They were hand cut and well portioned. 
My baby back ribs were cooked very well, crispy on the outside yet moist in the middle. The steve and spicy sauce was my favorite. It really went well with the ribs. The cornbread side was delicious, though the star side was the mac and cheese. The shell pasta and cheese sauce are amazing. I hope everyone gets the amazing service I received tonight. The manager even came up to us to make sure everything was good. I was impressed.  I'll definitely be back.I really wanted to love this place, but they need to make some improvements. Overall, the ambiance is nice and the outdoor bar seating is pretty cool. The drink menu is somehow overwhelming and limited at the same time. They had a huge selection of whiskey, but there are no cocktails at all. And a whiskey joint with no flight options? That's a miss. As for the food.. the chicken nachos were really good! The brisket.. hard no. It was a giant, thick slab of meat with parts that were super fatty and parts that were chewy and dense. Not the melt in your mouth, tender brisket you'd expect. We also had to wait and ask for sauces... at a bbq joint. This place definitely has potential, but right now the experience just seemed thrown together. Hopefully they listen to the reviews and make some changes.We came as a group and few people satisfied with the food. The quality is similar to college dorm, someone said it was worse. Service was good, drink was ok, food I recommend you do not even try it. I would stop describing the ribs because I'm thinking to have some deserts. Never mind, McDonald's may do a better job.Note that this review is for happy hour, which was quite a good deal. 
Nice spacious interior. A weirdly southern vibe for philly... the place was a bit too dark though. Several tables could be seen using their phone lights to read the menu which should have been a clue to the restaurant folk. the happy hour deals are good with two 3$ draft beers which were both good, and three hefty sized food options for 5$ each, and several other wine and cocktail options. Food wasn't so good that I would come back for regular meals I must say. 
They have an excellent beer selection which I feel like they don't make a big deal of. 
Good option for happy hour in center city especially since its super spacious inside but based off the quality of the food I probably wouldn't come back for more than just snacks and drinks.I so loved the food it was delicious, we had the baby back ribs and the shrimp mango salsa Frank the manager recommend the  Eight Oaks Bourbon and my husband loved it.We went for lunch, the food was really good- my boyfriend liked it even more. I gave it three stars because it's very pricey. $45 for two sandwiches for lunch. Ek! But he loved it so we will be backWe came with a group of 8. Our reservation was at 9:00pm on Friday. It was all of our first time here so we had no idea what we were in for. Our appetizers were very good, which included the pulled chicken nachos and bacon/onion dip. All of the couples in the group ordered different types of meats with different sides. Personally, my boyfriend and I ordered the pulled pork and the ribs with mashed potatoes and cornbread. The meat was definitely under seasoned and had little flavor. The mashed potatoes were ok and the cornbread was super dry, although flavorful. Our server, Grayson, lacked what you would want to see in a waitress. She was slow, took away the drink menu each time we ordered, and left off many drinks from our bill (thank you!). This place also turns into a straight up club once 10:00-10:30pm hits. The servers were dancing, the music was loud and we wanted to get out ASAP. We spent a lot of of money to have dinner here and they almost kick you out once a certain time hits. Love BBQ and it has a cool ambience but won't return.Not sure why this place has 3 starts reviews.  Food is pretty good. We were craving BBQ and there are not many bbq places in the center city.  The bbq is not amazing but it's good and satisfy our craving. Love the draft selections. Service is very slow but since we were sitting enjoying nice weather outside we dont mind it as much.  Took awhile to bring out drinks.  This is our second times here and yes we will be back.Paid $80+ for NYE and it was a complete disaster. Had to wait 45 minutes just to get any drinks which defeats the purpose of an open bar. They totally oversold the event as people were bumping in to each other all night. No idea how you sell that many tickets but only have one bar with like two bartenders. And not that it even mattered at that point but nobody got that promised champagne toast at midnight. I won't even get into having to wait a half hour for the bathroom. Just a total trash event and turns me off from ever returning to Trademan's again for anything. At least the bartenders were friendly.So this place is exciting. I went here on a casual date for some wings and to just check out this new place. It was much bigger than I expected. It was pretty loud but the music was great. It is a very country music oriented place so if that's not your thing....*warning*. It's very much a bar so it's got huge TVs behind the actual bar and that lively downtown feeling. They have really good cider there (and my date apparently went back and said their whisky is pretty great as well). Our waiter was really good at picking out drinks for us. 
I'm really late on this review but I believe the wings were the maple bourbon wings. When I tell you they're DELICIOUS. lord. I have been thinking about these wings for weeks now. I need to go back
Soon for them. They were perfect. Whatever that sauce is needs to be bottled up and preserved forever. 
Like I mentioned my date has already gone back. It's just a matter of time before I'm back too.This had to be the worst NYE party I've ever attended. You expect a crowd on New Years but this was completely ridiculous. It took about 45 minutes just to walk from the front door to the VIP section. Which was just as crowded as the general admission section. It took another hour to get a drink. Clearly this was just a cash grab and they didn't seem to care how many tickets they sold. I'd say I won't be returning next NYE but I highly doubt this bar will still be in business unless they make some major changes to their management. 0/10 Embarrassing.We attended the New Years event here. We paid 100 dollars for the "VIP Mezzanine" ticket. It was super crowded and the bar was impossible to get to and only had 1 bar tender (there were only two bars the entire place). We had an awful experience and it was definitely not worth the money. They tried to force us to pay a $30 cover after already having paid for the tickets!! We felt taken advantage of and that the cost of the ticket was far greater than the "benefits" that we received (were supposed to receive). For big events, stay away from this place.This place is super clean and neat inside. The food was pretty delicious and the service was excellent!My first experience at Tradesman's was awesome but the second go around left me feeling meh.  There is nothing like someone paying for your drinks and then getting charged the drinks that were purchased by someone else.  When I brought it to the attention of the bartender, instead of offering to fix it he tried to get my friend and I to buy more drinks so he wouldn't have to fix it.  Ummm sir... we are closing out the tab because we want to go home.  The manager did fix the issue but it is an issue that shouldn't have happened in the first place. If I ever go back, I will definitely be paying with cash.The bar has a good vibe and plays good music. I just wish they didn't take away the tables and bar stools so early.Great new bar in a great location still looking to find its identity. Love that they served "Love City Brewery" beer on tap and even had 16 oz cans of the Eraserhood, which is one of my favorite IPAs! 
Pulled pork nachos were a perfect appetizer to share with a party of 3-4. 
One of the better places to catch a game around that area as they have a wall filled with TVs. Can get a little crowded around the bar, but I suggest grabbing a table.Food wasn't terrible (serving size vs cost is a bit out of wack but can be expected in this area.), bit dry. 
Service on the other hand... not so great. Party of 2. No utensils, no napkins. After we ordered, they brought out another table's order and took it back. Then, another server brought us the actual food. Still no utensils. Had to ask someone else since our server would disappear for 10 minutes at a time to hide in a corner near the bar. Also had to ask for the tray of sauces that come with the entrees. Never offered us refills on our drinks until we finished the meal. Maybe she was just new or inexperienced, but I was really wishing we got the other server instead.To begin. Carly was not only outstanding, she made my first experience at Tradesmen Exemplary. She was so kind and even through dealing with a bunch of crazy playoff football fans she served our drinks timely and with a smile. Carly and Tradesman's is the shit. I'll be back for sure.Jimmy was the absolute best! A bartender who happened to be serving the night we went in. Food and service exceptional.I come here with my coworkers for lunch all the time and it is always awesome ! The lamb belly is awesome. We will definitely keep coming back!Terrible experience. I came sober as the DD with some friends and they told me I was too drunk to get in. They then proceeded to tell my friend he was also too drunk as well. They then pinned him to the ground, while the manager watched and did nothing. DO NOT GOExtremely disappointing business lunch. Me and four colleagues came here for lunch on a Monday. The ambience is industrial modern and seemed promising. It was quite spacious. We sat at a booth table near the bar. There were probably five tables seated when we arrived.  We were seated quickly but our server took over five minutes to approach us. Our drinks took 20 minutes to arrive. Then the waitress finally took our order. After another 20 minutes, our drinks were empty and there were no servers in sight. Five minutes later, our food comes out and everything was wrong. Some people didn't get what they ordered, but we were too frustrated to say something. 
The food was lukewarm and mediocre at best. The wings appetizer was probably the best thing we ordered, and they were only OK. The bourbon sauce was too sweet.  The fried oysters were not good. I've had much better. 
For my meal I ordered the lamb shoulder lunch deal with cole slaw and mac and cheese (they were out of potato salad). I also ordered a sausage link. The lamb was oddly shredded (like pulled pork) which was not what I expected. I thought it would be at least in larger chunks. The lamb was lukewarm and tasted like it was sitting on a counter for too long. The sausage was dry and tasted old as well. The meal came with sliced cornbread, which was odd. The slices were too thin for cornbread. The mac and cheese was decent but should have been hotter. I did like the half-shell pasta. The coleslaw was also decent, but not worth returning here for that. I was really looking forward to this place because I love Bru, so I am bummed that the food and service was subpar. I may come back for drinks, but not food.We ended up here while in Philly for a conference. After the happy hour some folks were hungry and we wanted a quick bite to eat. This was close to where we were so we decided to stop here. It's a bbq restaurant with a country vibe to it. There were 6 in our party and we were all able to sit together. The food was not that great. It tasted pretty average.  The food did come out quickly and the portions were decent. The waitress was okay. She never asked us if we wanted to split the checks so when we made the request at the end of dinner she told us that we should have inforned her at the beginning because it was too late. It took us a little while to sort our the bill and while we did so she kept coming back repeatedly to see if we were done which got pretty annoying. They were transitioning to the club and ended up dimming all the lights which made it impossible to see the check! Between the service and the food, I don't see myself returning.I'd love to comment on the food, but last evening was the second time I had a reservation and was left sitting in the waiting area past the time of my reservation with no table being even remotely available.
When you have every 15 minutes available on Open Table, but tell me there are no available tables when we arrive, you're booking poorly. I realize that people eat at different paces, but then don't make it look like you have available tables.
My friend and I were the only 2 people waiting, other parties breezed in and were seated. When we would check in with one of the 2 hosts, neither one ever seemed to remember who we were. About 15 minutes after our reservation, we were told that they had no idea when a table would be available, so we left.
It's obviously a popular spot, but I wouldn't plan on eating here if you're interested in sitting to dinner on any kind of schedule.Stopped in for a quick dinner before a show with friends.   I ordered the Tri Tips.  They were so well done, there was no more juice left in them.   They also had a peppery spicy taste that was a tad too hot.   The macaroni salad lacked flavor,  but was given a very generous portion ($5 a la carte).   It came with white bread which was really dumb I thought.   Instead of a pickle, it came with some kind of pickled onion slice, a very hot red pepper, a few cucumber slices.   The waitress was wonderful,  and the atmosphere was like a sports bar with large TV's.  It had an open window bar for those who crave a patio type experience.   If we ever go back,  I will stress I don't want my Tri Tips very well done.  I chalk it up to lack of experience of the waitress for not asking me how I want my meat done.  Doesn't everyone like their meat med rare?   If not,  waitress should have asked.   My fault as well.   Was excited about the show and forgot to tell her.Me and my friends have been dying for some bbq.  We make a reservation for yesterday at 5 30. We are seated and as we look at the menu at the bottom they have combos that include sides. Since we want to try different items we try to order one of them. Our waitress tells us that those options are not available the kitchen isn't set up for this!. But we can order from the a la carte menu the same items on the combo menu! Which would be more expensive and just didn't make sense to us. We wait for our drinks to come which is taking a really long time because at this point the restuarant is not crowded. NOW I WILL GIVE PROPS WHERE DUE. Frank (who I assume is management, but never identified as such) come to the table and we ask about the combo in which he replies we can get it. He sends over another waitress to take our order. We try to order again but now they are out of some of the sides we try to order. We ask well what is available.. and her reply is don't kill the messenger!!!! I sorry WHAT??  Is this how you reply to customers asking reasonable questions?. We order sangria which finally come but it only half of a glass. At this point we have enough and ask to cancel our order and we will pay for our drinks! FRANK come back to the table and we explain all that transpired. He apologizes and drinks on him!. So Tradesman because of Frank we will come back and try again! But the rest of the staff needs some additional training and tighten up on them customer service skills!Party of 7, they didn't have most of the drinks or most of the menu items. They took 15 to take our drink orders. After 20 mins of waiting for our orders the waitress came to mention there was no brisket which 2 of us ordered. The drinks hardly had alcohol. Some people didn't think they were drinking what they ordered. Ultimate disappointment. Very unprofessional and unapologetic.This is probably the worst bar in center city. They play the worst country/hip hop remixes over and over. I paid $11 for a beer and was given the wrong size (4 oz vs 9 oz) and when I questioned the bartender, he proceeded to talk down to me like I was an idiot even though my friend and I got the SAME beer, paid the SAME price, though she was given twice the quantity. Extremely rude. Plus it's extremely white washed and had little to no diverse patrons. I'll never go to this cess pool of white men againI've been to Trademan's a few times since it opened and it's great! I love the Nashville-style atmosphere, industrial interior, and outdoor bar window seating. It's a great place for groups and to watch a game (with sound). They also play country music which is awesome IF you're into that. The food was great and the portions were plenty. They also have an extensive list of beers on tap. Try a flight!
Shout out to our waitress, Carly D. She was super friendly and went out of her way to make us feel at home. I rarely feel this level of hospitality in Philadelphia, especially at a crowded sports bar on a Saturday night during NFL playoffs. You can tell she loves her job and her energy was contagious. She navigated the crowd like a pro and had another round ready for us in no time.
I would ignore the 1-star reviews from New Year's Eve. Unfortunately, people fell victim to Joonbug Philly's NYE all-inclusive packages. Joonbug organizes these events, overpromises, oversells the venue, and then leaves the staff unprepared and unable to handle the volume. I'm not surprised it was a poor experience. All of their events are.
As with any good bar or restaurant in Philadelphia, it gets crowded on a Saturday night. Just get there early if you want a table.
Not for the uptight foodie. Down-home, chill people welcome.Tables were sticky . Ordered Brussels sprouts they tasted like paper . Potato skins were so hard you couldn't even put your knife thru them . Nothing had flavor . We didn't even make an order for a regular entree because the appetizers were so bad . Our waitress was sweet the food. Absolutely not !Me and my boyfriend decided we wanted to check this place out since we live right next door. It has been open now for 6 days so I thought they would kinda have their shit together, but I was deeply wrong. They don't have a happy hour which is strange and dumb. I rather go somewhere else then! The waitress kept saying "we haven't figure that out yet lol" ummm how hard is it to figure out. At the beginning our waitress was doing a great job checking up on us and we were able to order quickly. I ordered the zucchini sandwich, my BF got the brisket sandwich and we ordered a side of Mac n cheese to share. My sandwich was really good but the fries were really gross, no flavor and way over cooked. I would have rather had an option to have something else. Boyfriend liked his sandwich as well. The mac n cheese was terrible too. It again had no flavor at all, it just tasted like pasta with cream..it needs more cheese since we couldn't taste it at all. We had 4 other friends join us after we ate and this is when the waitress started to go south. She was literally missing for 20 minutes, when she finally came back we all ordered another round of beers  and she seemed surprised we were ALL ordering. UH you were gone forever?! That took ANOTHER 20+ minutes for our beers to come. WTF. She didn't even apologize. And she also forgot one persons drink which took another 10 minutes. We were all very annoyed and the people sitting next to us were waiting even longer and ended up just leaving. I know this is also on the bartender but I'm not sure how hard it is to pour beer or get cans out from the fridge. It wasn't like this place was mobbed at the bar. It seemed like there were only two bartenders, so maybe they should have more tending the bar especially the first week being open. Also want to mention this wasn't even a weekend either, it was a Wednesday night. After we finally got beers she was missing YET AGAIN (where the hell was she? We have no clue). We ended up wanting to leave since the service was awful, but since she was gone forever we had to keep asking other staff members if we could get our bill. It took a while but another girl finally brought it over. One of the worst experiences I've had at a center city restaurant. You would think they would know how to run a restaurant when the owner has multiple other restaurants around the city. I really wanted to love this place since I live next door and was super excited about it. But sadly I will never return!I made a Yelp account solely to warn others of this place. We came here for NYE and paid $330 for two people, which included open bar. After arriving well before 10PM, half of our party was told they had to pay a $30 per person cover charge on top of the money we already spent. They also required you to pay this in cash to the manager (big red flag). The event was so oversold and only had one exit which is clearly a fire hazard. There was 3 bartenders total and hundreds of people waiting for drinks, which resulted in waiting over 1 hour to make it to the front of the bar for one vodka club soda a person - since that was the ONLY drink they were serving all night. Management was so unhelpful/rude and after spending a half-hour going back and forth about a refund, she said it was the third party event vendor's fault they were so overpacked... which is a clear lie. Oh and also no coat check or anywhere for coats at an event that had at minimum 200 people. We left before 12AM and I'm now fighting to have my card refunded. But if you like watered down drinks, management that pockets your money and fearing for your safety while running the risk of someone stealing your winter jacket at a venue that tries way too hard to be NYC, then definitely give this place a try!First time coming here and khole the bartender is such a sweetheart and super helpful. Enjoyed the happy hour a lot. Will be backIt is more of a hard opening... They were very unprepared....Let us start with the food. So you have a shared platters but none of them are available..... A few items were missing from the menu... this is 7pm on a Saturday.... out already?! The ribs were spectacular.... the tri-tips steak and sausage and pork belly where great... the brisket was a disaster. So getting to the sides... they were extremely small... they are not portions to share... so if you think you are sharing do not. For example the Mac and cheese is not even a serving for a child. The fries... a serving at McDonalds is larger. And the sauces... good, but they should have enough sauce to serve your tables. I didn't mind them coming by but the fact they needed to stop by three times to get sauces to share with other tables is ridiculous. You know how many tables you have plan accordingly.. Booze... yes... I know you are a Whiskey & BBQ Bar, Whiskey list impressive, but it would be nice if you offered some form of signature cocktails. Cans of beer... missing in action... order from the draft list....  it was a good list to choose from.
Two more house items... don't kill yourself going downstairs to the bathroom. Bring a flashlight, you will need it unless you want to play touchy feely for a bathroom door. No downstairs lighting. The AC decided it should randomly drip on us from two different location. Be mindful of the seat behind the hostess stand!10/10, definitely would recommend. BBQ was dope but not overexpensive, great beer selection, and awesome decor. downstairs has giant tv's to watch sports, and upstairs has a sweet balcony dance floor area. and straight up, no joke, last time i went out here there were actual Philadelphia Eagles there. this place is the bee's knees take it from me.Location: Perfect location. Right in the heart of center city with a lot in the area.
Restaurant: the looks and vibe are awesome. Very rustic with the ideal sports bar. The outside seats are also awesome to allow you to be outside but watch the TVs. I do highly suggest sitting at the high top seats to be part of the vibe.
Service: Very good. They went above and beyond to make our experience memorable.
Food: Mac N cheese was amazing! The pulled pork was good but nothing to run back for. My friends got the ribs, brisket, and steak and they all raved that they were really good. My husband got the sausage and lamb shoulder and said he would definitely get it again.
Drinks: the drinks are on the expensive side ($16 for a local whiskey)Tradesman's is good for the atmosphere...typical fun downtown philly bar. However, this place is the most expensive nightclub-style bar in the city. A single 12oz can of light beer is going to run you around $7. Mixed drinks are around ten dollars.We stopped in here for a drink and snack early afternoon on a Saturday to catch the end of a college bowl game. They were playing nothing but holiday music at the time which gave it an awesome festive atmosphere.  They have floor to ceiling TV's and had several games on at once.  Although we could not get a table right away...we were able to get a few beers and stand and watch the games.  By the second beer we scored a few seats at the bar, but decided to wait and eat somewhere else.  The service, atmosphere, and beer selection was great.  We did look at the menu and will come back to try the food in the future.  The one thing I found weird was the waitresses were dressed like they worked at hooters.  It seemed out of place.  The restaurant vibe otherwise seemed progressive.  The obviously company issued hoochie outfits took the class of the place down a notch for me.I LOVE barbecue. I have a PASSION for barbecue. And this place blew me away. Amazing BBQ and brisket. Sauces were great (we like the vinegar and mustard the best). Great food and atmosphere. Has a hipster feel to it.Love this place. The atmosphere is amazing, the food is unbelievably good and the staff is always extremely nice and quick to help. Their honey siracha wings are to die for!We (a handful of us) came here after a Yelp Event to unwind we'll say, and well basically we didn't want the party to stop. Plus with a name like "Tradesman" this already sounds like it's a blue collar type of atmosphere, but has a laid back vibe to it. You know I'm always in it to win it.  
The staff were attentive, hustling to get you your drinks if you're sitting at a table. The bartenders are also awesome as they do their thing, keeping everyone well hydrated, with it being pretty close a full house. I know the libation gods would definitely approve of the beverages they serve. I know I was with the different types of whiskey they house. I had a bad ass Old Fashioned or two, ok maybe three while I was there, along with other refreshing drinks. 
Now I haven't tried any of their dishes so I can not give you my opinion on anything they serve. I will tell you this though, I did see the menu I also saw something on there that caught my eye like an Italian to a great marinara. Pork Belly is what I'm screaming! We all know the sayings "Swine is Divine" or "I Dig the Pig" . I love how they also have a smoked onion and bacon dip, and you all know what is gonna happen here. Yes there is more to their menu, but those two dishes literally gave me goosebumps. Like fat guy friendly I'm gonna do the "Truffle Shuffle"  goosebumps. 
This is why I will be back, not only because of the selections crafts and  whiskey one could enjoy, but to have some pig on pig crime all up in there! Pork will always be on my fork, just saying I'm all about these types of shenanigans.If you're looking to wait over an hour to get terrible service but decent food, this is your place. We put our name in to be seated and they said about 20 minutes. We checked in after about 30 minutes and they told us it would be another 30 minutes which was not awful because it was crowded. 
Most of the food was good. I had baby back ribs and the group had pulled pork, Mac and Cheese, greens, and shrimp. Everything was pretty good except the Mac and cheese had no cheese and flavor . We were also served very quickly which was a god send!
The issue with my experience and the reason for the 2 stars is our server Robin was just not at all nice. She seemed so irritated to serve us. She rarely checked on us and was just rude. I know nights are busy but you can't be so miserable while you wait tables.I normally don't tend to leave bad reviews but feel compelled to.  The only thing saving this from a 1 Star review was the good vibe and draft list. Otherwise, from a food standpoint it was no bueno! Having lived in KC for awhile, I've learned what goodBBQ is. By no means do I compare other places to KC bbq, but bad quality is bad quality no matter what. There is no combination platter which is annoying especially with so many meat options. I ordered 2, 1/2 lb options of brisket and pulled pork with corn bread and Mac and cheese. The pulled pork was the only good thing to eat (besides the beer). The brisket while having a good taste was tough as leather making it difficult to eat. The Mac and cheese had no salt or seasoning of any kind and it was beyond bland.  The corn bread was tasteless and had almost a stale feel to them. I wondered if the chef even looked at/tasted the food before sending it out. Service was ok- but they really should work on having bags for leftover food, especially in a city where everyone is walking. I would consider coming back here to have a beer and watch a game but I can't see myself returning for food.Came to philly with a strong craving for wings and was not disappointed. The wings here are tossed in the perfect amount of sauce and the meat was so tender it fell right off the bone. Amazing food even better atmosphereGreat food and happy hour specials.  We loved the vibe and the atmosphere. The sliders and chicken nachos were awesome. We will definitely be back!Worst fn bar I've ever been in. Came in at 1225, got crap service from the guido bartender. Ordered a shot of fireball and a light beer. Gave me a shot not on ice, then I asked for it on ice, and he just poured over another shot glass with ice in it. Not actually the drink. Attitude the whole way, and it was 17 bucks for a crap shot and a can of Miller Lite. Thanks Dick, will NEVER come back and will run my mouth on garbage service everywhere I can.I've had nothing but terrible experiences here. They hit all the check marks of a terrible bar/restaurant that coasts of a good location. If you have the option to go literally anywhere else please do so