I had been wanting to try this truck for a long time, but unfortunately this food truck was overrated. We had a Thai basil chicken rice bowel and a chicken burrito. We expected two different items, but they were exactly the same. Rice, chicken, cabbage, and not enough of a mayo based sauce: one in a bowl and one in a burrito. The food was bland. I guess I had high expectations that weren't met so I was even more disappointed by our food.Three months and 11 days since my first Tyson Bees experience. Snow nor rain nor cold has stopped our love affair.
I have tried pretty much everything on the menu. And I'll be going back next week (only because the are closed on the weekends). You can't go wrong with a mid-afternoon pork bun for a pick-me-up. Add the lemongrass BBQ pork rice bowl for a filling dinner. 
I heart you, pork buns. Please don't stop loving me.Come here if you want to experience excellent customer service, a clean environment, and amazing food. I'll focus on the food for my review.
The menu is full of Asian and Mexican fusion items. I had the Thai basil chicken over rice and the Korean BBQ beef short rib & kimchi burrito. Both were just out of this world. The burrito was balanced with kimchi, rice, perfectly cooked short rib, and some tasty sauce. The chicken rice dish included roughly chopped chicken with a killer spicy sauce on top. I'll definitely be coming back here on my trips to UPenn.Ran into this truck at Night Market. Their BBQ short rib taco was very delicious. I typically don't like those dry corn tortillas but the aioli made it quite delectable.Just to make sure that it wasn't a first time fluke, I headed to Philly again to get more food,  to make sure that it was as good as I remembered, and it was! I brought 3 more new people with me and my son so they could also enjoy this great food, and they LOVED it. We ordered 18 korean tacos, 3 OG dogs, thai chicken and thai tea. I feel bad because I want to try everything on the menu, but I can't get past the korean tacos. They are just the best! The foodtruck is clean, the food tasty and everyone who works there are so pleasant and  friendly. I felt so bad for the chinese foodtruck next to it, it looked lonely sittin there while all the lines formed at Tyson Bees. I'm goin again on Mon/Tues with more people! I wish they were open on weekends, even just for a few hours$18.00 for lunch for two.
While I must profess to being american born, american bred, and thus with american taste buds, the food here was still wonderful. 
I ordered the jungle curry, which consisted of grilled slabs of tofu over rice with curry over top, and sides of kimchi and a bean salad. The kimchi was not to my tasting, but according to those who do enjoy it, the kimchi is good. The bean salad was alright, a little bland but it was clearly fresh and still quite good. The star of this though was the.tofu curry. 
My lord. Phenomenal. 
The tofu was not dried out and old, rice was obviously not left out from the night before. And the sauce, awesome. It had the perfect combination of sweet, garlic, and spice. And coming from.someone who can't get enough garlic, that's saying something. 
The overall size of the meal was on the large side. I would've been satisfied without the sides (granted I didn't eat all of my kimchi) 
In all, if you get the chance to stop by for lunch, while I can only attest to its flavour, others tell me its quite authentic as well.Is there a better pork bun in Philadelphia? I doubt it. And the weekly curry special is always delicious, with excellent portion size too! All in all, a stylish truck with great food, friendly chefs, and low prices. I'll be coming here much more often.Shameful but true.  I went back here 2 additional times in one week (3 times total in 5 days).  Since my initial visit, I've tried the chicken taco, kimchi hot dog, lemongrass pork bahn mi, and the thai iced tea.  All of it was awesome.  My only critique is that Tyson should get different buns for the hot dog and the bahn mi.  Using a common toasted soft sandwich bread for both dishes does an injustice to both.  The hot dog slid all over the place without the happy and secure cradle of a hot dog bun and the bread could not hold up against the pork, cucumber and banana pepper jammed bahn mi.  These shortcomings lead to hasty devouring and less contemplative bird gazing and thoughtful enjoyment.  Get them only if you're eating with good friends or alone.
Otherwise, rock on Tyson Bees!Goodbye, greasy stir fry cart! See ya, oily cheese steaks! Tyson Bees is on campus and offering up a great, well prepared menu!
Korean BBQ Short Rib Beef Tacos are like heaven! Moist beef, great sauce. I'm drooling thinking about it! The Thai Basil Chicken Tacos are just as good as well as the Streamed Pork Bun. One day I'll have to try the Rice Bowls, but I see the tacos and go mad with desire!change of management and the food quality has plummeted.  despite this, the prices went up.  some of the vegeterian options are gone.  
had the thai basil chicken on rice today and rather than serving the chicken, soybeans/chickpeas, and kimchi  partitioned, they just scrambled everything together.  it looked pretty unappetizing.  for some reason, i got no kimchi either.  perhaps they took this off the menu as well.
really a shame.  i don't know how much chef ophonso (the prev. owner) was in it for the love of food vs. the money, but these guys are definitely out to make a quick profit.  shortsighted as it seems the lines of ppl theu used to attract at lunch time have disappeared.Nummy Nummy. Based on the banh mi alone, 5 stars. Haven't tried anything else yet, but everything looks tasty and refreshingly fusion. Will definitely head back to try the tacos or the Korean bbq hot dog.This place is awesome!! A fellow co-worker gave me the heads up on this colorful new addition to the food truck offerings in front of HUP (and I must say this is the best out there). Delicious food including Korean BBQ tacos (swoon) and Thai curry rice bowls. I'm a sucker for anything with the words Korean BBQ taco, so I opted for the three taco combo ($9 for three hearty tacos). Ended up with two chicken and one beef (ordered two beef and one chicken). I actually ended up liking the chicken more so no complaints here. Nice flavors, although a bit too saucy for my taste. Little more cilantro and some kim chee on top would make the Korean BBQ tacos perfect. Nice addition to the street food fare around Penn....In the last two months I have moved radically in the Vegan/vegetarian direction. One of the fun aspects of doing this is looking at meat heavy menus and trying to find the best vegetarian options.
This was a great exercise for my first trip to Tyson Bees. The menu is mostly meat and it all sounds delicious. I found the Edamame Taco and grilled tofu over rice. 
Neither is Vegan as both have a great spicy aioli . The edamame is diced and made almost into an edamame salsa. I really liked this taco. I wish the taco truck at the Plymouth Meeting Whole Foods made one. 
The grilled tofu over rice was a real pleasant surprise. Same spicy aioli. Grilled tofu. Sliced cucumbers. Scallions. It all came together quite pleasantly. The only drawback was that it was white rice. It that was brown rice I would happily finish the whole thing. 
Overall, I really like the quality of the food and look forward to another meal there.I eat here a lot, let that speak to its quality. They have a colorful truck and a unique, streamlined menu. The service is quick and friendly even when there is a large line. The BBQ Beef and Kimchi Burrito is quite good and very filling - its my go to order. However, be aware that there is a reasonable amount of rice in it. I've found some people don't like that. But the BBQ Beef combined with their sauce and kimchi makes for some fantastic flavors all for just $5.
Additionally, the quesadilla is a little bit smaller of a portion size but very tasty. I find the chicken over rice too monotonous because its just a sriracha mayo over chicken with some chickpeas and lots of white rice. For a twist, I'd recommend the tofu over rice which comes with a couple more veggies and offers a more unique set of textures than the chicken over rice. Don't bother with the Thai ice tea. I love it at a lot of places but here its way too sweet. 
This is definitely a food truck worth checking out if you are in the areaI had to edamame taco, it was good, but could have had a Lil bit more stuff in it. The tofu over rice was delicious, the Veggies in it very good, & I luv the sauce the put on both, the tofu & the edamame taco. I really wish they had brown rice!!!  I wanna try the Vietnamese tofu hoagie, and the tofu wrap one day!I never heard of this place until three days ago.  I was craving Korean bbq and decided to take a chance on this considering all the rave reviews that my fellow yelpers were leaving.
Truck Experience
    Got there at 630 - no line - just went up and ordered a korean bbq burrito - I loved the decor of the truck which was was easy to find.  While I waited, I talked to the guy about Korean food and some food experiences- really nice guy - 
Food
    Ordered the Korean BBQ burrito -(Galbi) - and was very happy with the flavors.  
-the ratio of meat to rice to kimchi was really good -  the rice had some gimchi juice that wasn't bitter at all like it sometimes is 
-the addition of red cabbage and cilantro with that aioli or some creamy sauce was perfect - it was so great - mixing that somewhat creamy sauce with the gimchi to smooth over the bite from it!!!    
    Definitely wished the burrito was bigger -I could have probably eaten an extra burrito ...but definitely they didn't mess up on the marinade for the Korean BBQ - its just as I remember it from home - it was spot on-The food is very good here, and the service is too! I'm now on a mission to try everything on their menu at least once. The Korean BBQ Burrito is my current favorite. 
Plus I'm a sucker for their little Bee mascot, and they will give you a sticker of it if you ask! A plesant experience in every way.I recently received this message from a Yelp user who goes by the name "brian f." in response to my negative review: 
"you are obviously a tyson fan,so mocking the truck this way is just unfair when we are the original owners who tried to help tyson out since he failed at all his attempts of restaurants and new ventures he tried..I feel you are unfair and karma comes back to you.We are honest people making a living and you are a poor excuse and will never have a business in life with your untrue accusations."
I hope that the owners will persuade Brian to stop harassing people.I try to avoid West Philly.
Tyson Bee's came to 20th and south outside of an art show my friend was in instead of their usual west philly location.
Score one for me!
I was short on cash but I needed to experience this food truck that I had heard so much about. the painting on the outside of the truck alone is enough to make my heart melt with adorableness. 
One taco is $3, I got the edamame taco. as a lover of all things that involve tacos, THIS TACO DOES NOT DISAPPOINT. I spent a good hour thinking about it after I ate it, and telling all who would listen to me go on about how it was the best taco i may have ever eaten. 
Also, they give you a playing card, I got queen of diamonds, that they shout out when your order is ready. such a cool idea!This place was the best food truck in university city when they opened last year. Since they were taken over by new owners, it's now the best place to get a rice-filled tortilla covered in sauce, what they call the kimchi burrito. I've tried it three times this semester and have been disappointed all three times, especially after the high standards set by the old owners. If they're going to skimp on ingredients (basically all ingredients besides rice and sauce) they should decrease their prices accordingly.best  bahn mi ever if ur looking for a different twist...my fav traditional is Qt but this has more meat and is more filling.
banging tacos too....don't miss this spotThe food and service has dramatically gone down hill since the change in ownership. This used to have been my favorite food truck, sadly not anymore. The taste and quality of the food is not the same as before.Not being a fan of the Kogi trucks in Los Angeles, I had very low expectations for Tyson.  But after gobbling up two tacos in a couple of minutes, I was a huge fan.  While Kogi's meat can be dry and the seasoning sharp on my tongue, this place gets everything right.  
In summary, East Coast korean taco truck pummels West Coast korean taco truck.Delicious food and great friendly service! The Thai basil chx tacos & the pork belly bao is delicious! Unique Mexican Thai fusion a deff must try! & you will be comming back for more! Thanx Tyson BeesI had the thai chicken basil quesadilla. Honestly, I just didn't like the flavor. Really strange sour and sweet taste that just didn't jive with me. 
I think next time I'll just stick with the chinese food carts next to it.The grilled pork lemongrass banh mi and edamame taco are amazing! The khimchi burrito is odd.I recently went to Tyson Bee's truck for lunch - the line wasn't long, but I am honestly confused as to why - because really the food is amazing, TRULY awesome. The menu has a fantastic mix of options - from tacos to kimchi, to tofu burgers, to curry. Additionally, there is thai iced tea and coffee.  I tried the edamame tacos (edamame filling, topped with fresh carrots, radishes, cabbage, and amazing sauce!)  the thai iced tea was also fantastic.  I look forward to going back and trying the tofu kimchi burger - if it was anything like these tacos, I am in for a treat. You need to trek here during the week - and follow their twitter to see where else they go! Such great food on wheels!!!!This truck gets pretty busy especially during the lunch rush, but it was definitely worth the wait. I had the beef kimchi burrito and loved it.Don't let all these haters prevent you from trying Tyson Bees for yourself.  I can only speak of what I have tried thus far:  Korean BBQ beef taco, thai basil chicken taco, and pork banh mi.  The tacos are delicious, albeit a bit small, and are wrapped with 2 layers of soft 'tortilla'.  I will say that the tacos are a little more 'wet' than I had expected, but still delicious.  The pork banh mi I found to be utterly amazing.  Not sure about previous comments about lack of food in their order, but there was pork spewing out of my roll.  The pork had a delicious lemongrass taste and, combined with the other elements of the banh mi, made for a truly delicious meal.  The roll did kind of fall apart on me, but it was well worth it.  For $5, you really can't beat it.  New owners or not, this cart showcases some delicious items -- people should not be deterred by a few negative comments.  In my experience, people mostly use yelp as a means to write negative reviews, so do take all of these comments with a grain of salt.I was a huge fan of Tyson Bee's under their original owner.  Now that ownership has changed hands the quality of the food is much lower.  In the past the Thai Basil Chicken rice bowl had actual pieces of basil in the dish.  The order I had yesterday had two flecks of sadly wilted basil and chicken that looked like it had been cooked a day or two before.  There was also no line at 1pm, which was pretty unusual.  This spring and into the early summer there would often be a crowd of people waiting to pick up their food, a pretty good indication that the product is worth the wait (not always the case with lunch trucks).  Talking with a friend yesterday who was also a big fan of Tyson Bees' original owners, he said that a pork belly bun he ordered was under cooked to the point of being inedible.  This is not good.
Besides the food, since the new owners took over, I've often been waiting for my order and been forced to listen to the employees belting out bad karaoke along with pop songs blasting from a radio inside the truck.  It's disappointing that the new owners, who seem to be affiliated with the restaurant Girasole, have let Tyson Bees fall so far.  What was once a consistently enjoyable lunch truck experience is now a shadow of its former self.  Bad food in a brightly colored wrapper.
Tyson Bees: get your act together or watch your line disappear.I went to Tyson Bees with great expectations because of all the buzz (pun intended) it was getting around the greater Philly area.  I was happy with what I got--especially for the price, but I found the food a bit too salty.  I tried it twice before writing this review to make sure that it wasn't just based off of one experience.  I bought a banh mi, short rib taco, Thai basil chicken taco, pork bun, and Thai tea.  They were all satisfying shared between one other person, but the thing that made me not convert as my new, favorite lunch spot was that it was salty.  I am wondering if it had to do with new operators.  Both my experiences were after the 6/13/11 date.  Effort was definitely put into my lunch, which I definitely appreciate.  But one thing I can't help shake off is the saltiness of the food even if it's being washed down by a refreshing Thai tea.Was better with the previous owners, but the food is still good.  Thai tea needs more cream and sugar...not much flavor.  The pork buns are very good.Out of all the food trucks around University City, I think this place is one of my top 5 picks.
The people that work there are super friendly and the food they offer is very unique, not something I can find at other food trucks. 
I can think of some better places to get pork buns *cough Chinatown cough* but for a food truck, they do a pretty good job at making them. The tacos aren't bad either. The korean bbq tacos didn't live up to the expectations I made in my head, but it wasn't bad. I think my favorite was the thai chicken basil taco.
I'm definitely going back again to try the rest of their menu and their drinks. Cant beat a nice cold thai iced tea on a sunny spring day.
Pros: Cool owners. Unique/tasty food
Cons: Long lines during lunchI am trying out the various food-trucks in University City and I vaguely remembering uwishunu.com recommending it. Yelp had an aggregate of 4 stars so I assumed it would be at the very least, decent. What I did not know was that it had come under new management.
I trekked from Center City to 33rd and Spruce, whilst singing "the hills are alive with the sound of music..." for I was very excited about the prospects of some good Asian food. Amazing food for cheap can give you quite the high!  
Anyway I was greeted with no line whatsoever. That is when I realised something was wrong. How tragic? I was about to find out. I ordered the curry of the week and thai basil chicken ($7 each).  
On opening the box my jaw almost dropped. There sitting on top of a bed of rice was hardly any curry and whatever little curry there was had not been mixed properly with the chicken. Seriously trying to discover the curry was similar to an excavation of dinosaur bones. 
DAYLIGHT ROBBERY comes to mind when I think of this truck. If you are going to charge $7 for a meal there had better be more than just rice! Go to Cucina Zapata for your Thai food fix. 
AVOID TYSON BEES AT ALL COSTS!Tyson Bees takes on a somewhat mythical stature among the legion of food trucks around Penn's campus, possibly because of its name and its truck. It took me until my last semester at school to make my exodus to this vaunted canteen on wheels, and I was not disappointed. 
The location is quite convenient for students and employees residing in the nearby buildings, and Tyson Bees is one of several food trucks forming a community in the Franklin Field parking lot. I've opted for the short rib burrito, which was quite satisfying in both size and flavor. My only comments would be that the distribution of ingredients within the burrito was somewhat uneven, with a couple clumps of plain rice meeting my mouth. However, I like the Asian fusion ideas going into such standard fare as banh mi, chicken and rice, and tacos, all at a cost of no more than $5-8. 
If only I had found this place sooner, perhaps my stomach and wallet would be thanking me to this day.Tyson Bees certainly is a food truck far apart from the others. The food is absolutely delicious. We tried the kimchi quesadilla, Korean short rib taco, red curry, and pork buns. They were all excellent. However we particularly enjoyed the kimchi quesadilla and pork buns...for the bold and complex flavors. Though nothing that they serve will disappoint.The portion size was perfect. Very tasty and unique food in a cute bumble bee design truck. We'll definitely be back soon.This food truck is delicious. The Thai basil chicken over rice seems to be their most popular dish, and there's a reason. It's perfectly spicy, with a delicious spicy mayo-based dressing, yummy chicken and rice. And it's only $6! Their other dishes I've tried are great as well. They  use fresh ingredients, and have unique recipes. If you go to the truck around noon sometimes you can end up waiting 10 minutes or so, but it's worth it.what a pleasant addition to the penn food truck scene.  the food here is innovative and is a nice fusion of bold flavors and tastes.  i highly recommend tyson bees! 
i really liked the bahnmito.  it was like eating asian food wrapped in a burrito. the kimchee added such a nice kick to the whole thing.  the tacos here were good as well.  i personally liked the chicken better than the beef because the beef was a little bit mushy. i also tried the pork buns which are so flavorful! the flavors all went really well together. oh, i hear the ice coffee is amazing here! ill try one next time i come.Tyson Bees is one of those friends that you instantly connect with from the first time you lay eyes on it's yellow exterior (I'm Asian, so I'm familiar with this feeling).  There's no denying the chemistry, and the multicultural genius.
It's basically two of my favorite cuisines: Korean and Mexican, perfectly intertwined and packaged in one little truck.  My favorite is the korean short ribs burrito - $5 is a really good deal for a large burrito packed with rice, kimchi and tender beef.  I just wish they would add some more meat in it.  I forgive them though, like the way you forgive a friend for having a strange way of saying "chameleon".  
Their Thai Basil Chicken rice bowl is solid: tender, flavorful, filling.
Pork buns: delicious, tender pork, and a great balance between the sweet and salty hoisin sauce and the fresh lime and cucumber.  
I'll be back for more I promise!I am a taco enthusiast, and holy moly, Tyson Bee's RULES. Good prices, organized ordering system, and also fast service. I had been waiting to try them for a long time, and finally got to during the PIFA Street Fair. It was super crowded but we were still served efficiently and effectively. I had a Thai basil chicken taco and a Korean BBQ short rib beef taco...both awesome. Just awesome. Quality tacos at a reasonable price. I think about Tyson Bee's often, I'm either trekking out to 33rd & Spruce soon, or begging them to do their Broad & Bainbridge weekend stop soon! Probably the best truck in town, duh.We went off-peak and got lunch for a large group, and the truck staff was very quick. I got the edamame tacos. The portion was rather small, but the tacos were tasty. They could have been just a smidgeon more spiced up, but very good. Recommended.Just housed lunch.  Ate in this order:  Thai Basil,Short Rib,Pork Bun
Thai Basil was my favorite by bar, really flavorful.   The Short rib was also good but the Thai Basil wins by a nose.   The Pork Bun was also good, but I'm not a huge fan of pork belly, which I think that's made of.    Next time I will get something new, or just get 3 Thai Basil Tacos.    
The truck is very efficient.  One guy taking orders and giving out food and two dudes in the back cooking everything.  The line was pretty deep but they're speed made the wait time for your food short.
The people who eat there:  Listen, if you're standing in line waiting to order for a few mins and the menu is right in front of your face the entire time, you better f*ckin know what you want when you get up there.   And pay the f*ck attention when they're calling out orders!!  They just called the 2 of Diamonds, that's you genius!!   And lady, they called the Ace of Clubs, yet you walked up there with the Ace of Diamonds and you only ordered a minute ago!! WAKE THE F*CK UP!!! Diamonds do not resemble clubs!   Jesus, people really piss me off sometimes.   This truck is a winner though, without a doubt.I was so excited for these pork buns and when I got home and opened the box I was totally disappointed. The teeny tiny piece of pork belly was terribly tough, bland and borderline inedible. The bun itself was soggy. I also got the short rib taco, another fail. The meat had very strange look and texture to it.I had the burrito and boy was it fantastic. For the price ($5), the burrito was full of deliciousness. Inside was a smorgasbord or rice, beef, and a host of tasty edibles. The only downside was that there was a lot of rice which took away from the other flavors.
Good news veggies, there are plenty of vegan/veg options on the menu, so you should definitely check it out!I'll be the first to admit that I've got a bit of a problem. I've been known to rate picnics based on their coleslaw, I braise some mean savoy,  and I was shocked to hear that a one lb bag of sauerkraut is supposed to feed like 48 people. Not so, my friends.  Cabbage is my secret addiction. 
Accordingly, I love kimchi with the unfettered and somewhat unnatural enthusiasm of a Born Again. I came to it relatively late in life, but it sustains me.   Tyson Bees is where I get my fix. 
Hadn't been since October or so, so waited to review until the first hurrah of 2011. 
It has not changed. The Short rib and Kimchi burrito is still divine. Its hefty, and I tell myself I'll only eat half. But with that spicy sauce and kimchi; I am not terribly steadfast in my resolution. Little sprinkle of fresh cilantro, tender beef... so good. 
Penn Students are still ordering iced coffee and tea (its good, but I'm pretty sure the secret is condensed milk and I just can't justify.). I'd rather spend my money on the pork buns. 
I did not get a pork bun today.  I don't know why, I'm having diet delusions. Learn from my mistakes.   
Short line for their opening right at noon, not terrible on this sunny day.   Bring cash,  be prepared to wait a few moments.These guys have gotten really stingy since I started visiting them five years ago.
The "Tofu over rice" dish earns two stars for good flavor thanks to the combination of spicy aioli, sweet and sour sauce, and pickled vegetables. 
3-4 years ago this dish was served with a generous scoop of chickpeas and edamame, which gave the vegetarian dish more protein, balancing out the meal and leaving you full long enough to feel worth $5. Now I can count the beans on one hand - a few times I've gotten no beans, once I got a single chickpea (which is somehow worse XD). 
These beans are pretty cheap in bulk so I don't understand why they've gotten so stingy. The worst part is they don't tell you when they're running out of beans, they just skimp on the dish and charge you the normal $5. When you get to your lunch spot later you open the container and realize you've been shafted. Ugh!
I politely asked the owners about the increasingly meager bean count and they just denied everything. I can't really comment on the value of the meat-based dishes, but if you're a vegetarian you should spend your money some place more reliable, like Magic Carpet.
Two stars.This is my favorite food truck - I LOVE this place. I am a huge fan of the thai basil quesadilla - I would highly recommend. It's so simple yet so delicious how could you not want to try it. I've also had the short rib burrito, which I thought was a great deal for just $5. The only reason I don't order it every time is because it ends up being too much food for me. I've also had the taco versions of these two options and they're just as great and 2 tacos end up being just the right amount - you may want to get three if you're feeling extra hungry.Midday lunch by Upenn.  Had the Thai Basil Chicken quesadilla and a single beef short rib tao.  Both were delicious.  Another great option in the Philly food truck scene.I had a quite filling and yummy tofu wrap (which was more like a burrito in it's density) for 5 bucks here yesterday.  The filling was tofu, edamame, chickpeas, rice, and some sauce and veggies.  I would go here again.Tyson takes food trucking to a whole different level.  Yes, the concept isn't new.  But it really rises to the top amongst your Honest Tom's and multiple cupcake trucks.  It offers innovation and options.  I mean, I love tacos, hot dogs and cupcakes...but not just that.
Here's what I also like:  I don't have to fcking chase the truck through tweets and what nots.  I hate when I make the trek to said busy ass center city location and 1) can't find parking or 2) They're not there.  Want a taco-Drexel, Cupcake-Upenn, Hot dog - God knows where at what time.    
Tyson's offers reliable stationary trucking, not to mention awesome service.  To date, I've had just about everything on their menu, except the drinks.  I love their tofu everything.  (The burger is a big soggy and breaks apart, but they gave me a fork...so all is well)
Give them a try, even if the line looks crazy.  They usually move through it pretty fast.  Plus there are plenty of wall ledges to sit and enjoy the day on.A friend and I decided to take the food truck challenge and try all the food trucks in our area.
This was one of the first on our list and, unfortunately, one of the last we got to (this year). 
I got the thai chicken basil tacos which were somewhat spicy and very very flavorful!
Good tacos, but not just that. They had a pretty good menu going. Also, the truck is very attractive. It draws people around to it. Thats the main reason i went first. Now i go for the food :PThe kimchi is delicious with the Korean BBQ beef as well as on a hot dog. They have curry plates too.Don't even bother to try now. 
The previous owner had amazing food and I used to be a big fan. They used to have a $6 meal (chicken with rice, later raised the price to $7)which is pretty good, and the burrito was great. 
However after it's taken over by the current owner, the food quality dramatically dropped, and less amount of food is provided per order. This sucks. 
If you are reading this review and haven't been there, simply don't.Heard a bunch of good things about this truck before I went, so I was quite surprised when my order was not as expected. I ordered the Thai BBQ Lemongrass sandwich, and got a small half of a roll in a styrofoam box. Having carried it back to my place, I opened the box and the guts of the sandwich had spilled out. Barring that, the food was not that great nor satisfying for the price considering what I could have gotten at any other food truck nearby. Spend your cash somewhere else.The tacos on this truck are amazing. Thai Basil Chicken and Korean BBQ Beef. Great prices. 3/$8 Highly recommend!!!Yelp users: also sort ratings by trend. The picture will tell you all there is to know. 
This truck recently appeared like a bright star on West Philly's dining sky, but it turned out to be a shooting star. The ownership changed and now the truck appears to be run by a bunch of cretinesque punks. The chicken is old and does not have any of the flavors of the gravy. The curry of the week used to be fresh with chick peas and potatoes. Now the potatoes have their skins on them (never will you find this in an Asian curry) and the chicken is clearly been cold stored separately and is therefore dry and hard. The new owners deserve a medal for ruining a great business.I thought it was going to taste like Kogi truck (the korean-mex truck that's HUGE in socal), and even though it's korean-mex as well, it tastes entirely different! This one is much more mellow, but it was really tasty! Their tacos are very flavorful and I think better than their burritos, but the burrito is the better value.
Anyway, glad I could try a food truck from the east coast! I am impressed :)WHAT?!?!?! Is this Asian or Mexican or a Sweets truck?!?!? You can't miss this colorfully designed truck parked by Franklin field and HUP. I FINALLY had a chance to try it out!!!
I got the OG Hot Dog (all beef dog topped with korean bbq short ribs and kimchi) and the korea bbq short rib taco. I think I was so excited to try it, that I had a somewhat high expectation. So here are the little things I would change, don't put as much spicy aoili sauce and red cabbage on the hot dog, also don't want the kimchi on it. I also wished the korean bbq short ribs was tastier in flavor. Overall, it was pretty delicious for a truck. I think I'll go back to try the banh mi sandwich and the thai chicken taco at some point.if you try one thing, and one thing only.... THE PORK BUN! It'll fill you up nice and taste absolutely amazing. I'm excited to see what the bee's are planning for the future.for a truck on a student campus, the prices/portions are disappointing.  it is unique and probably a nice change from cafeteria food though!  
my husband brought me here and suggested the rice dish he usually gets - lemongrass pork.  it contained rice, pork, chick peas and some kind of mayo based special sauce (and i think some kind of greens).  it was tasty bc of the sauce but the pork was dry!Bees was like a mirage in the a sea of tourists and tents at the PIFA festival this year.  A friend recommended the truck and we each ordered one of each of the meat filled taco delights.  Slammin' and at the fairest price in town. Also loved the deck of cards they used to line up and call orders when they were ready for pick up.The OG hot doggie was amazing. Even the BEE doggie was amazing. I'm not so sure how i feel about the short rib tacos though. It was just lacking something that I can't exactly pinpoint. If I could, I'd prob give them a 3.5 since two-thirds of my meal was quite pleasing and the other third, not so much.
I hope to run into them at 2nd and Spring Garden so I can give other items on their menu a try.One of the most interesting food trucks in Philly. It is a hybrid between korean and mexican food. The result is an incredibly tasty and filling lunch. I usually get the sandwich, which is only $5, as opposed to the tacos, which are really good too but $8. The meat is always good, the sauce is amazing, and the selection of vegetables is unexpected and delicious. Definitely a must try for everyone around Penn's campus.I work in Rittenhouse so it's basically impossible for me to enjoy the food trucks in University City unless I take a super long lunch.  I in fact plan to take a day off one day and just wander around eating, but I digress.
Walking around, trying to decide what to eat at the PIFA street fair, right at Chestnut street I stumbled upon the Tyson Bees food truck.  Needless to say I was ecstatic and happy to wait in the line to finally try this place.  
I was with a friend and we got the korean pork bbq tacos, the thai chicken, and one pork bun.  All of it was delicious.  The bun was my favorite, with the thai chicken being second.  It had a really nice spiciness to it.
Thank you Tyson Bees for giving those who can't make it to university city a chance to try your food.Parked right across the Penn Museum, this truck is such a great place to grab a quick lunch to-go or just a snack! 
I was meeting a friend for lunch but I couldn't resist getting something from here for the walk over. 
Decided on the pork bun, which for $3 was pretty reasonable. They are pretty friendly and efficient. My pork bun was delicious. Loved the steamed bun, the chunk of fatty, juicy pork, the green onions, and the sauce. It could get a little messy so have paper towels and hand sanitizer on hand. I don't really approve of the styrofoam containers and wish they would use paper or something compostable. 
Wish I could have tried all of the other fantastic-looking items. Thank goodness I don't live near this truck or I'd be obese and broke.I'm a serious food truck/cart lover and I'm pretty forgiving of most of the ways in which they fall short of a real restaurant, but I've never been so skeeved out by a food truck.
I was really excited to try this truck after reading the reviews so I went and ordered a short rib burrito. Guy took my order, and I guess the process got started.
Here's the process - the guy rubbed his nose with his right hand, rubbed his shaved head, picked his ear, spit off to the side, rubbed his nose some more, rubbed his shaved head again, then picked up a tortilla with the same hand before putting it on the griddle. I'm not proud to say I would have overlooked about 20% of this, but the blatant and disgusting way in which he did this was just way too much. I told him to not worry about my order and walked away. 
I still feel dirty.Yum!  The BBQ lemongrass pork banh mi is fresh and flavourful.  Pork is succulent.  This version is not like a traditional banh mi, but it sure is tasty!Just a quick note for now- the truck is most definitely NOT closed since I went there and got some delicious red curry tofu about 5 minutes ago.  Rejoice!I had the BBQ Beef and Kimchi burrito, nice size and reasonably priced, The Kimchi was crisp and tasty but could have a little more spice. The beef was also tasty but not abundant. Plenty of white rice which was a little sticky but I enjoy it that way. Overall it is a good value and has decent flavored food. The people working the truck were fast and courteous.
For truck food it was surpringly good.Wahoo! Finally found the time to make a special trip to U. City for Tyson Bees. Had the roasted pork Banh Mi and one beef taco. Fabulous! The flavors and sauces were great - and loved the radishes, carrots, cucumbers and cilantro they put on them.
Can't wait to go again.
One issue though, their website is messed up. It doesn't seem to really be their site - even though it says it is. There's no menu on the site, just links to other sites - kinda weird.amazing food.  flavors aren't exactly Korean but they're meant to be a fusion of Thai, Mexican, Vietnamese, and Korean flavors.  Amazing.
Order-taker, super cute.  System of ordering w/ a deck of cards, super smart & innovative!
See the pics I posted for everything I tried which were each incredibly delicious.  Short walk from Penn and although there was a line, it went extremely quickly.  I walked there, ordered, came back to school, ate and chatted with friends, cleaned up--all in 1 hour.
i heart you tyson bees!  you guys should apply to america's amazing food truck race!'alright' food truck that I wouldn't mind revisiting if a friend asks to go but won't suggest going there myself. That pretty much sums up my sentiment. 
Ordered the lemongrass banh mi sandwich today and I've also tried their kimchi burrito before-- both of which are 'alright.' 
The banh mi had too much of a mayo-heavy sauce that reminded me of a crossover between siracha and thousand island & from what I remember, their kimchi burrito had weird bits of meatballs mixed with cheddar cheese that personally didn't float my boat. 
Not too bad though -- wouldn't mind going again during lunch. :PThis place used to be very absolutely amazing before the management got changed. 
The food you get is not worth the price you pay. The banh mi is oversalted and drenched with soy sauce, and the rice dishes come with wilted vegetables with depressing portions of meat. 
Please go to King Wok, or the food trucks across the hospital- you get so much more for about half the price you would have to pay here.I don't know why everyone is hating on Tyson Bees.  I never went to the truck under the old owners - so maybe that was just transcendent and this is comparatively awful - but I really like this truck.  I had both the Bahn Mih and another time the three taco special.  The Bahn Mih was flavorful (albeit a little greasy) and seemed pretty fresh.  The tacos were delish and super super filling.  The only thing I didn't like was the pork bun - it's a tiny slice of porkbelly with a radish on some bun, not even close to being worth $3.  Other than that it's a solid lunch choice.Located outside Franklin Field, this colorful food truck stopped me in my tracks on the way to Potbelly.  Looking at the menu, I saw Korean Tacos, Pork Buns, and Banh Mi sandwiches.  How could I go wrong?  Despite a limited menu, Tyson Bees does not disappoint, and their tacos give crosstown rival Tacos Don Memo (TDM) a run for their money.
The window guy was really nice and they organize all the orders with playing cards, so as soon as you hear your card, your food is ready.  The price for a triplet of tacos is one dollar steeper than TDM, but they are worth every penny and prepared in a similar manner.  Your choice of filling: sweet Korean BBQ short rib, Thai basil chicken, or minced Edamame served on two soft corn tortillas with minimal additional toppings and fresh lime.  While I didn't initially think the Edamame taco would be that good (I'm usually not one for vegetarian cuisine), it was surprisingly flavorful.  The Thai basil chicken taco was exceptional, with a good balance of savory flavors and a hint of heat.  The Korean BBQ taco was a tad too sweet, but still tender and tasty.
Next time I go back, I'm definitely hitting up the Pork Buns.  If they're as good as everyone says they are, this could end up being a new weekly lunch spot.In a parking lot filled with six or seven food carts/trucks, Tyson Bees is definitely the most noticeable truck and probably has the most interesting type of food too (the others are your standard Chinese, Middle Eastern, and sandwich carts). I've only tried the Korean BBQ short rib beef & kimchi burrito (beef, kimchi, rice, spicy mayo, and a bit of cilantro) which is a decent and filling lunch for $5. I just didn't like that there was so much rice and that the rice was so mushy.
Pluses: they also have vegetarian-friendly dishes like tofu wraps. And I've only been twice, but both times were around noon and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for my food.I absolutely am in love with this truck.
I've had the pork bun, Bahn Mi, shortrib burrito and the iced thai tea.
Everything is fresh and delicious and different- I love the ample use of cilantro. :) I'm completely in love with the bahn mi.. I could probably eat one every day for the rest of my life. I can't wait to try the thai basil chicken... but once I see the bahn mi it is so hard to say no!
And the tea is so fun.. It's bright orange and is spiced, like chai, but has something different going on. I have no idea what it is, but it is an awesome, refreshing drink for someone like me who doesn't drink coffee!!Maybe my expectations were too high for "gourmet" food but I was REALLY disappointed. Just to clarify I am Korean and was really excited to get some short rib tacos but after I took a bite I was left standing there thinking to myself..."did I just pay $8 for a half cold, half warm Korean BBQ tacos? and soggy rice in my burrito?" the short ribs had no flavors of any kind and over cooked...which made sense b/c i spotted a bottle of Korean BBQ sauce that you find in grocery store sitting on their counter. I normally don't write reviews but I felt that I needed to b/c it's a bit insulting for them to market it as korean food when it's not even close. It's like selling pancakes and market it as crepes. On a good note the kimchi was good.I'm not sure what type of cuisine this falls under, but it's good. I like to get the beef and kimchi burrito but as a bowl!We sampled the steamed buns, short rib sandwich and Tacos.   Let me just say it was all banging!!!!    No joke!  Ill def go back!!!