No doubt about it, the quality and presentation of the sushi at this art museum byob is very good.  The decor inside is dark, the opposite of nearby Doma which is white, clean and contemporary.  I had the tuna and yellowtail sashimi which was fantastic, I also had a spicy tuna roll which was also very good, for a specialty roll I had the traffic light, which is tuna with red, yellow, and green roe on top.  The traffic light was good, but the roe tends to get messy.  The only downside about this place is the prices, it's not crazy expensive, but a spicy tuna roll is $8 as compared to other places like Doma and Sakura which are $5 or $6.  If I had to pick a sushi byob in the city I would have to choose Doma.Umai Umai is the best sushi restaurant I've been to in the area.  The place seems to be all about their special rolls (or at least it is for me), which can often be overpriced at other sushi restaurants.  They're not cheap at Umai Umai, but they're worth every penny.  I've never been a special roll fan, but Umai Umai changed my mind completely.  You actually get a lot for your money here, and the rolls are so good I was blown away the first time I ate them.  My favorite is the Pingu by far.  If you don't mind spending a little, Umai Umai is the place to go for sure.
Update: On my most recent trip it appears they have reduced their portions and prices to go along.  I definitely preferred paying a little more and getting more, but it's still my favorite sushi place.Absolutely wonderful. This place is small-ish, so it's important to get a reservation so you're not waiting forever to get sushi. It is a bit far out if you dine a lot in the city, but I promise this place is worth it! I came here with a group of 6 and we literally got everything on the menu - and everything was so ridiculously delicious. If you're feeling adventurous or you're in the Art Museum area, definitely stop by this place!Great BYOB spot with a warm and romantic atmosphere. Great place to go on a date and have some wine.  The service was outstanding. Our waitress was super friendly and very informative about the different appetizers and sushi rolls that they have. I had Brussels Sprouts salad along with a tuna on rice appetizer which the waitress cooked in front of us.  Both were pretty good.  For sushi we ordered 4 special rolls that were all centered around tuna.  All the sushi was good quality. I love sushi and ive been to most of the  spots in the city. I can tell you I would definitely come here again mostly because of the 5 star service and the great atmosphere.  The sushi that I tried here today was not as amazing as some of the other places that are just down the street but it was definitely good.We had been anticipating trying this neighborhood sushi place. Positive points: it is byob, and the mixed maki rolls exceeded expectations. Note that there is no a la carte nigiri menu, so it was difficult to evaluate the fish quality. 
The appetizers we ordered were an udon soup and an octopus salad. The former was uninspired and the latter overblown with smoke and vinegar. The octopus itself disappointed. The cleanliness and general condition indicates complacency. Door sticks when open, lightbulbs are out, paint chipping badly in places. 
In short, we would try it again someday since it is near and byob, but would avoid appetizers.BEST SUSHI I'VE EVER HAD! The atmosphere was great, the service was wonderful, and the Goyza was delicious! The sushi, I can't even begin to describe! Yummy and fresh! Loved it!Great spot! Love the atmosphere and I wanted to try everything. When I got the menu I said, "would you look at that!?".  Unique signature rolls with fruit, nuts, and awesomeness. Appetizers and rolls were all amazing. Definitely a go to place for sushi and friendship. Highly recommended!Food and service were great.  Loves that it is BYOB. Little bit pricey though.by far thee best sushi place, ever. hands down. I go out to eat A lot, and this is my special place that I don't tell anyone I know about because I never want it to be crowded. we order an insane amount of food and its BYOB, solid winning combo.I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this place...in all the years i have been going here...NEVER have I  had a bad meal..a bad experience..a bad server or a bad seat! I moved out of the area temporarily...but I will NOT go anywhere else for sushi when I am in the city! Coming back soon...!Never really noticed this BYOB place before, but when searching for a popular sushi joint, this popped up first!
It's a small little restaurant on the corner. Mind you, the entrance is the single door on the side-not the double doors at the corner which I was tugging and pulling at for a few seconds!!
The place filled up fast for a Wednesday night. Glad we reserved ahead of time. We were seated at the bar overlooking the sushi chefs at work.
The menu was descriptive with so many options!
We finally chose 2 appetizers:
1. Pink Shrimp Tempura: deliciously crispy with a tangy flavor
2. Grilled Octopus : this was my first ever octopus so I was a little skeptical. But boy was this dish oh soo good!! It arrived on a bed of salad. The octopus was grilled so well that it tasted almost like chicken. I actually wouldn't mind returning just to have this dish!!
We ordered designer rolls as our main entrees.
1. Godzilla: I'm a fan of shrimp tempura so this had an interesting twist to it- strawberries and macadamia bits & honey. A little sweetness in every bite. Nothing was overpowering at all.
2. Poseidon : another shrimp tempura roll but combine with eel and spicy crab. Also delicious!
3. 4-8-15-16-23-42: this is had a lighter touch to it. Wrapped in pickled Daikon so it actually tasted way healthier!!
We were surprisingly content with our bellies by the end of it!!
The dessert menu was given to us verbally. We had chocolate fondue with funnel cake fries. It came in a really cute bowl with a candle under it.  The chocolate fondue wasn't the best quality. If you want dessert, I suggest you find another place. But definitely plan for a great sushi night here!!
Highly recommend!!!No heat in the place on a snowy, ice-cold night. The floors are very dirty. The plastic covers at the prep station were filthy. 
The "paella" (leftover rice and other fish) at $24 was WAY too costly. The sushi was wonderful. 
Umai Umai, you can do much better!People always told me that Umai Umai is the best sushi in the city and that I needed to try it out immediately. I was a little skeptical because my favorite sushi place in the city is the mutha f'n bomb!!! But it was a cold winter night in the fairmount area and I had a hankering for sushi so I thought lets go and figure out if this truly is the best sushi in the city. It was good, the sushi was fresh everything tasted fine but nothing made me feel ecstatic! I had the lobster roll, traffic light (Which was the best roll) and some other roll that I can't remember. Don't get me wrong this place was good but I feel that they don't put enough love into the food. For appetizers we got rock shrimp that was supremely bland, and the normal sea-weed and ginger salad which is good everywhere. 
The great thing about this place is that its BYOB but they more than make up for that with the excessive cost of their sushi. This place is pretty expensive. 
So to conclude. This place did not meet my expectation for best sushi in the city. It was good, not great.Loved everything about this place! The inside was fancier than I was expecting but decorated very nicely for a romantic dinner.
I ordered the salmon tacos and oyster shooters to start with. Both were delicious, the oyster shooters are a must try for this place! The sushi was really great too. The krakken roll was by far the best. I got the traffic light also but it just didn't compare to the krakken. I will definitely be back here for my next sushi craving!We had a great time here last night and the food was amazing as always.  This is a small homey BYOB restaurant but inside I always feel as if I am on vacation in a unique city.  Inside the place is accented with little lights hanging over the preparation table with a retro/oriental look as modern art has been placed on the walls. The food is consistently good here and the staff is always very friendly when we come into eat.
Dishes that I found to be exceptionally good were the King Kong specialty roll and the Miso soup.  I have also had the pleasure of trying the "well know" Godzilla roll before and I would with out a doubt recommend trying it.
The reason I give 4 and not 5 stars is because I felt the presentation of the food could of been better.  Maybe some cool designs or play with some of there sauces. Overall the food is fantastic. 
Thanks Umai Umai for a great time and good food!Best sushi in Philly. Affordable BYO, my favorite roll is the Crispy Spicy Scallop. We love getting Tapas for Two to start every time we come here!Had a great time at Umai Umai on a Saturday night. It's a *really* small place, not good for a group larger than 4, 5 at most. It is BYOB and they provide ice buckets. We started with the hot rock appetizer and salmon tacos. The hot rock appetizer was fun because it comes out with 4 medallions of beef that you season and cook on a rectangular hot stone at your table. The salmon tacos were also delicious. 4 of us split several rolls and everything tasted amazing and fresh. I would definitely come back here, great spot for date night or catching up with 1 or 2 friends.Went here for dinner on Saturday night.  Everything was outstanding.  We started with the brussel sprout salad which was probably my favorite.  We then had a spicy tuna roll, the Krakken roll, the Poseidon roll, and the King Kong roll.  The Krakken was my favorite, highly recommend. It is BYO and a small place, so having a reservation on a weekend night is a must.  All the sushi was fresh.  However, giving it three stars because they have no working bathroom.  Is that even allowed under City code?!  This should be advertised or there should be some other bathroom arrangements made.This is a very ideal first date restaurant - a small cozy local BYO in Fairmount. My first date with my boyfriend was here so Umai will always have a special place in my heart. Sushi is fresh and the specialty rolls are different and interesting. The Spartan roll is made with beef rather than fish and very delicious so even those who made be wary of raw fish have options to choose from. They also have many other options to choose from other than sushi rolls, like shrimp tempura and teriyaki chicken and rice. I would give it 5 stars except making a reservation is not easy because there's no option to book online and you have to call after 4:30p in order to speak with someone to confirm a reservation since they open at 5pm. However, this is a must-try if you are craving sushi and looking for something a little different from the rest!If you're debating between Doma and Umai Umai, here's a head-to-head breakdown on the Fairmount sushi haunts:
--Six Rounds based on quality, price, appetizers, specialty rolls, service, and decor--
Round 1:  Quality is a tie.  Both places hone in on perfect quality and execution of the food.  The detail is wonderful, and it shows in the unique tastes at both restaurants.
Round 2:  Price goes to Umai.  Don't be fooled by the higher prices, because you get double the size on the rolls.  Every roll is 9-12 good size pieces.  You'll walk out 25% less at Umai for the same amount of food.
Round 3:  Appetizers, hands down goes to Umai.  The oyster shooters are the best I've ever had, and take out anything on Doma's overpriced appetizer menu.  You really need to try these.  The flavor profile has so many layers and textures...wonderful.
Round 4:  Specialty rolls goes to Doma on a slight win.  The Medusa, Chloe, and Triple Tuna are excellent, creative and unique.  Umai's were excellent but needed that wow factor of something new.  The Godzilla is close, but I'd highly recommend ordering it as a final course after your others, as it is borderline dessert (but not too sweet).
Round 5:  Service is a no-brainer for Umai.  Our young server, was perfection all night long.  We often struggle with attention at Doma, and they're not as polished.
Round 6:  Decor goes to Umai.  It's not much bigger than Doma, but it feels so much larger and warmer.  The lighting and layout are perfect, and you don't feel crowded like you do at Doma.  It's not ultra modern either.
Clear winner is Umai Umai...just don't take the last reservation!Overall very good. I must begin by saying the service was excellent. This place cares what you think and wants you to have a great meal. Our server took the time to ask if this was our first visit and suggested some menu favorites. This place is a BYOB and has a great intimate atmosphere. Parking was easy to find on the street (no meters).
We started with the house salad with a delicious dressing and shallots.Delish!
We both got an nice selection of sushi and sashimi pieces that were fresh and tasty. 
Ended with a dessert of funnel cake-like sticks that were accompanied by a chocolate fondue that was yummy.
Yay! I'm a fan.At Umai Umai, I had this crunchy saucy sushi that I completely forgot the name of but remember (read: crave!) the taste and fun texture of.  I actually just now looked up the menu and I think it was called Eternal Sunshine? Indeed.
The place is intimate and the lighting is low.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing.  The place is a little pricey but restaurant.com had a promo so we had to try this place out.  We ended up spending significantly more than the "gift card" but it was well worth it.  We probably wouldn't go without some kind of discount though...
You really can't go wrong with a discounted discount gift card.  You can get $25 for $2 (with a $35 minimum purchase, if I remember correctly?).
P.S.  This place is near the Eastern Penitentiary.  Not much else around, but a nice neighborhood to be in when in Philly when it's not miserable out. The Art Museum is kinda close, too.
P.S.S.  I believe it's BYOB.Love at first Bite.
When I told people I was going here for dinner the other night, I could see the stars in their eyes. This place was legitimately to die for.  
They have some outlandish names for their rolls. I like that the menu is not overwhelming and provides additional options outside of just sushi.  We started with the rock shrimp tempura which is cooked in a spicy aoili which left me weak in the knees. I couldn't get enough..and it was a perfect portion size for two to split. 
We split a few different rolls, which were generously sized and out of this world.  the Spirited Away with seasame crusted tuna and crab did not fail to disappoint, but the Nemo roll was truly mind blowing.  Crunchy roll with snowcrab and avacado.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful..the crunch in their rolls is really what tops it all off.  Best sushi I've had in the city thus far.This place was very good,definitely would recommend it to others...alil on the pricy side and the servings were kind of small,but other then that the food was amazing!!Hands down best sushi I have had in Philly, in PA, and maybe even NJ. My husband and I split very fresh (not from frozen), perfectly steamed edamame, the chef's nigiri selection and 2 rolls. We had just just enough room leftover for green tea ice cream. Mmm. Kiss-the-fingertips kind of perfect. 
We got a table as walk-ins at 9pm on a Friday, no wait. We just missed the rush. Any earlier would require reservations, so just make'm. 
Bill total: $57. 
I love sushi BYOBs. I'd rather spend the good money on the good sushi than on mediocre drinks. Vinho Verde was the perfect complement for the flavors of the ocean.OMG Godzilla and Krack roll, I love you! I can't wait to go back and try another one of their designer rolls.This is my favorite sushi restaurant - ever! Better than Morimoto. I try to stop by every time i'm in the area. Alex is simply a master of his trade. Everything he makes is brilliant, the sticky rice is outstanding - we always get a side of that alone - the scallop carpaccio is like buttah, and the sushi/sashimi plate is art. He always creates something special for my vegetarian husband as well. I can not speak highly enough for this place.FYI this place is BYO so bring something if you want. Cool decor in a nice area and good food. I'm not a sushi expert but I liked it. Godzilla roll, spicy tuna, and eternal sunshine were all good.Service is very nice and sushi was delicious! I had the Eternal Sunshine Roll and it was great!! BYOB is a plus.OMG!!! I have found the best sushi I have ever had. I love sushi, I eat sushi all the time, I spent all my dining meal plans on the sushi bar when I was in college so let me tell you, this place is AMAZING! 
First, it's located in the Fairmount section which is just beautiful and a great place to walk around before or after dinner. The restaurant was small but you did not feel cramped inside. Outside seating is also available. We were able to get a table but it's best to call ahead to make a reservation, we just got a little lucky. This place is also BYOB so bring those bottles!!!
The waitresses were so friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and seemed to really enjoy about being there to serve you. Now, let's get to the good stuff. 
We started with the Chilean Sea-bass appetizer portion, my biggest mistake was not ordering the entree portion because this was best sea-bass I have ever eaten. The appetizer portion was a decent size for a quick taste for two people but you were left with wanting more. It was buttery, flavorful and just melted in your tongue. Get it! 
For dinner, we ordered 2 types of sushi from the designer rolls section of the menu.
The Spartan (24 hour miso marinated beef tenderloin, chives, shrimp tempura, paprika aioli.) This was to die for, that marinated beef tenderloin with shrimp was divine. I know I will always be ordering this item every time I come back. That paprika aioli was the right sauce to go with it and I could have eaten the whole thing. 
The next designer roll we ordered was the Spirited Away (Sesame crusted tuna, red crab, cucumber avocado, chili soy) The tuna's color was that beautiful and fresh red. The taste was amazing mixed with the red crab and chili soy. If you are craving a delicious tuna sushi, you must get this! 
I know that I will be coming back for more and more and more. The price is up there but the portion is worth it. The designer rolls are big and filling. I left full but it was so delicious that I could have forced myself to eat more, but I didn't.When friends suggested going to Umai Umai, I couldn't turn down sushi, especially in my hood. Everyone found it hard to believe that this Fairmount gal had never been there before. What can I say? I'm more of a Doma chick. 
To be fair, I only had the King Kong roll. It consisted of 5 pieces of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, cucumber, avocado. It was kind of like a basic roll steroids. The fish was fresh, but the roll was pretty small and it fell apart right away after being dipped in soy sauce. 
I'd give them another try, but I'm still on Team Doma.Have ordered for pickup with a bunch of friends many times  and have always been amazed on how fresh there sushi tastes. !!  Especially when its being picked up . 
When I have picked up my order at the place , service is efficient and fast even with a packed house . Appreciate the design and how it blends right into the Fairmount community. To me it's small intimate but comfortable dining space is more for couples and small groups of friends. Definitely the best sushi I have had In philly!This not so hidden gem is a sushi lovers dream. Take the time to come out to Philadelphia to try this amazing sushi. Everything about this place is cool. Make sure you book a reservation as it books up quickly. 
Service is very strong. This place is a must for the sushi lover.This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Philly.  The staff is incredibly nice and very quick with their service.  The sushi rolls are absolutely divine.  The stoplight roll is one of my favorites.  The quality of the fish and the preparation & presentation of the dishes are superb.  The sashimi is also a quality dish.  It tastes very fresh and has a great variety as well.
If it's sushi you are after and you are in the area (or not!), definitely check out Umai!Umai Umai takes sushi to a totally different level.  I would liken the experience to the first time you realized a pizza could be gorgonzola, figs, arugula, and balsamic instead of Elliots.  I have had sushi at maybe 40 different places and it still blew my mind.  
The designer rolls at Umai Umai are so creative and delicious.  The combinations are unheard of, but every bite is better than the last.  (See: Krakken Roll: shrimp tempura, eel, avocado, soft shell crab, cherries, worcestershire aïoli, almond bits). Each designer roll has something like 8 huge pieces of sushi, so don't be scared away by the price.  
If you are a "I just want Tuna Sashimi" kind of person this may not be the place for you.  In my book, this is the best Sushi in Philly.  The service is great and it is a BYOB, for four of us the bill was $95 including tip.Went here on the advice of a friend who said it was the best sushi she ever had.  Tried the scallop appetizer (on her request) and also a specialty roll with sesame tuna, crab, avocado, and an ancho chile sauce.  Both were amazing!  Will definitely be back to try some of their other rolls.Liked the rolls better than the sashimi, which were very small.  The designer rolls, however, came with a large number of pieces.  One order, Spirited Away, had 12 pieces!  Also liked the Posiedon rolls.  Surprisingly, the "basic" spicy yellowtail rolls were our favorite.  The space is warm and inviting and being BYOB is a definite plus. The large screen TV showing pictures of the food however was tacky and distracting and did not go at all with the mood of the rest of the space.  Overall, a very good value.Went here on a date.  Good setting.  Is a place where you can come in whatever but decorated enough to produce a setting that is elegant and classy where dressing up is not out of place.  The sushi is top notch and their rolls are quite amazing in their composition.  I did not think the prices were too bad but compared to big eaters you will find that this is pricier than other places.  For example, the rolls half-rolls at 6 pieces an range in price from 12-16 dollars.  That is usually the price for a full roll at other joints but remember that this is a higher class place with higher class rolls.  Good food and nice setting.Wow.  A little place tucked into a nice neighborhood - had a real local feel and was nice and cozy.  The service was excellent, the waiter was a bit bashful, but helped my friends pick out their food.
The food was excellent from quality to presentation.  The fish was fresh and the ratio of fish to rice in the nigiri was perfect.  The rolls were great - the sauce didn't overwhelm like many restaurants; the texture combination was divine.  I would highly recommend the Nemo and Godzilla.  I prefer picking nigiri ala carte, but the chef's choice my friend had was a great selection.
Definitely check this place out if you're in the area - it's close to the art museum so it's a nice post-museum meal!This is my favorite sushi place EVER! I've always had to put up with snobby remarks from all my west coast friends on how the east coast sushi just doenst compare (because they have always shown me they are right!) - but not any more. Umai umai is so creative with their menu and their sushi and insane appetizers literally blew my mind/ my taste buds. The oyster shooters with the quail egg bombs - I'm still reeling from that heavenly delight! Umai umai is expensive (not like Vics or Sagamis) but it it totally worth it when you feel up for a little light splurging. Any special occasion - I am coming here! And the BYOB factor - LOVE it!!Great sushi and great service!  The specialty rolls were unbelievable, with ingredients like strawberry and honey.. but they were very well designed to be a perfect blend of flavors and textures.
Will definitely be back again!
Watch for their new facebook page- our waitress said it'll be up tonight or tomorrow, even with messaging table reservations!Umai and I have a long history together.  A bunch of my girlfriends used to live in the area so a few times a year, for several years, we'd get together to chat, drink (its byob), and catch up over some sushi- specifically to enjoy the famous (and the favorite amongst the group) Godzilla roll. That was 5-6 years ago and I should have reviewed my experiences then but here we are, years later and I am equipped with a more recent trip to my small favorite Fairmount sushi joint. 
About a month ago I came here on a Saturday night with my boyfriend (his choice after hearing great things about it) for our date night.  With wine in tow, we were seated for our 8pm reservation (an absolute MUST- this place gets packed and walk-in's might have a wait of about an hour if a table opens up) and scored a great spot near the window.  We started off with the half dozen oysters in shell appetizer which were nothing short of magical.  Two of each choice flavored and topped/seasoned with citrus-soy, cilantro-ceviche, and toban salsa.  A truly spectacular dish, refreshing and light, and something that I'll order every time coming back.  We also split some salmon and eel sushi and several specialty rolls, including the 4-8-15-16-23-42, King Kong, and of course -my beloved Godzilla roll which was just as perfect as I remembered it. A great combo of savory fresh fish with sweet strawberries and macadamia bits for a nice crunchy texture. Yum!  A great dinner with great service. 
Thanks for staying solid all these years, Umai.This place is EXPENSIVE, period.  I've been going to Sagami in Collingswood for years and would take that restaurant, with its HUGE pieces of sushi, over Umai any day.Just... Incredible. Came here with the boy and a friend from out of town since it's been recommended to us a bunch. Cute little room, great atmosphere and ambience- perfect for two three or four people. Server was friendly and attentive.
We started off with the calamari and rock shrimp tempura. Calamari was pretty standard, but man that shrimp. If you can make something as basic as fried shrimp tossed in sauce amazingly delicious, you're doing something right.
For meals we split five rolls- Pingu, Ping Pong, Nemo, Henrietta, and Spartan. All phenomenal, even the Henrietta which was our least favorite was still great. Very interesting combos, like with the Spartan having beef tenderloin rolled in it. Favorite was the Ping Pong (spicy tuna in a tofu coating, deep fried, topped with pineapple salsa). Honestly, some of the best sushi I've ever had. Definitely bringing the parents to this one.I headed here with a friend on the coldest night in Philly so far this season. which is extra cold for my California blood. it was Monday night, a night that many restaurants are closed. i would imagine this place gets crowded as the week goes on, so it is a good night to go without a reservation.
inside the atmosphere is welcoming and cozy. there are a handful of tables and some seats at the sushi bar. i'm into the byob thing, something that seems quite popular in Philly. however i opted for green tea. it was served in a big pot which i appreciated, but honestly i expected better quality loose tea rather than a tea bag floating in it. since they don't serve alcohol it would be nice to have a decent tea selection.
food is Japanese with a bit of Thai/Malasian style mixed in. we started with Tom Yam soup (something i have never had a a sushi place), perfect warm-up on an 18 degree night! otherwise we tried 4 different rolls. which were all good, but some odd combinations that i had never tried before (the strawberry on the godzilla did not work for me). as a big fan of sushi in San Francisco, i think it is overpriced. more than New York. the fish is good, but not THAT good to pay $16-18 for a roll, $4-6 per piece of nigiri. your bill will be as much as it would have been if drinks were included. that said...it's a great place for a date if you wanna impress me :)I've been wanting to try this restaurant and I was not disappointed!! This is a small restaurant so I would recommend having a reservation, thankfully they were able to seat us right away! I ordered the Godzilla roll because it was super unique! It has shrimp, tempura, eel, avocado and it was topped with strawberries, crushed macadamias nuts and honey. Sounds kinda weird but it was sooo good!!!!!! I like trying unique sushi and I've never had strawberry in my sushi that's for sure! The second roll I ordered was the 4-8-15-16-23-42 roll, which was also delicious!!! It was wrapped in a pickled daikon, which I've never had before. And there was tuna, salmon, yellowtail, avocado and mango! I love when sushi rolls have mango! The fish was super fresh and it was so delicious!! I would absolutely come here again to try more rolls!!!!!!My friend and I have been dying to go to umai umai for months now, especially since it's right around the corner from my apartment. We sat down eagerly and was told the Brussels sprout salad was incredible by a friend, so we ordered that right away. The miso soup was a large portion, with big pieces of tofu, which was delicious. The brussel sprout salad was full of flavor and is highly recommended. However, we ordered the ping pong roll and the King Kong roll. When the rolls were placed in front of us, my friend was immediately concerned. Her "crispy tuna" was unlike anything she has ever seen. It had a pate consistency and a tannish brown color. When I tried a piece to subside her worries, I was unable to stomach the taste. When trying my own, my roll had very little flavor and it was not indicated that it was served without rice. The cucumber wrapped around the roll also was pickled, which was indicated, however, it was unappetizing. It is important to note that the waitress did ask if anything was wrong. However, we just wanted to leave and were starving and did not make note of our experience. Overall, I would recommend the salad again, but not either of the two rolls we had.I can not say enough about the food, the ambiance, and the service at Umai. After a long day at work coming to a comfortable place like Umai is a great way to transition into your evening or weekend. The oyster shooters are a MUST. On top is a quails egg and roe, and in the glass is the oyster and a mix of deliciousness. After pouring the egg and roe into the shooter, drink up and experience a mouth orgasm. My friend says that there is a different taste with every chew. 
My favorite part of Umai is the freshness and quality of the fish. I prefer sashimi, specifically live scallop, mackerel and escolar with is truly like butter. Rolls are usually not my thing but the Krackin roll at Umai is my crack. The other rolls are nice as well. Because of Umai I rarely eat rolls anywhere else. Most places you need a magnifying glass to see the meat. The carpaccio melts in your mouth and there seems to be something new and interesting on each visit. I wish that I could eat here a few times a week.So yummy! Hubs and I went here for dinner Friday night and it was outstanding! We got 5 or 6 special rolls and a few appetizers. Everything was delicious! Our waitress did overcharge us, $140 instead of $70 but she fixed it when we pointed it out.A very cosy, elegant, with some out door seating restaurant near the Art Museum.
Servers are all sweet, smiling, and very helpful. I think this place is more known for it's rolls and seafood then the other entrees. The rolls are very creative, so get ready for a surprise of sensations and tastes.
Recommend:
TAPAS FOR TWO: Spring roll, shrimp shumai, vegetable gyoza, and edamame
Designer rolls: KRAKKEN & PINGU (only ones I tried, but enjoyed. I am sure the rest are amazing!)
Not A Fan:
I was not thrilled about the SHRIMP PAD THAI because it was very tomato tasting while shrimp a little unexciting and tasteless. (but I will say the shrimp were huge and and fresh)
Bon Appétit!Loved the food!  Don't eat oysters but the Oysters Shooters were delicious! A must try! They look scary as hell but are so worth it.  Loved my date night here :)I will say with utmost confidence this is 100% the best sushi in the city. It is beyond regular sushi, it is the best grade sushi I think I have EVER had. The rolls are all so different and unique, some even have fruit on them. It is a very small place in Fairmont about 15 tables and it is BYOB, which always makes it better. The prices are steep but well worth it. 
Great time, great experience, great food
Must go!!!My friend and I went to Umai Umai last night. We had a really nice time, although I was a bit under the weather. I felt a lot better after nursing my green tea and some Miso soup! We got the Pingu roll off of the designer roll menu, and it was delicious! We also got the Mango sorbet for desert, and it was really really good. The waitstaff was incredibly attentive, and I really liked the cozy atmosphere, and the clever decorations and table settings. And it is BYOB! I would definitely come back here. The one drawback is that the designer rolls are a bit spendy, $12-18 a pop.Have been there at least 30 times. Food is always amazing and the staff is wonderful!  Love that it is a byobHad a great dinner with my sister at this cute sushi restaurant. Fresh and yummy sushi with a variety of creative rolls. We started with seaweed salad which was great, and sampled some of the specials as well as classic rolls. BYOB too.Sushi was ok. Good, but not amazing. Service was horrible. It took an hour to get our food and the waitress said nothing about the long wait. I'm not picky, and I was a server for many years. But the fact that the waitress didn't even apologize that it took an hour to get our food was disappointing. Then we noticed the people next to us received their food within 15 minutes of being seated. Will not be returning.Went last night - AWESOME!  The dragon roll was amazing.   Good service and cool that it's BYO,  Also very nice atmosphere.
Agreed on ordering sparingly... 2 of us ordered 3 rolls and were really full when we left.  
EXCELLENT - my new favorite sushi place.Best restaurant ever. I go to this place with my family on a regular basis. The sushi is great and the service and atmosphere are too. It's very cute inside. As you come in there is a little bar where the people make the sushi. Everything is extremely fresh. I've never had a wait there, but it always has a good number of people in it. The waitresses are very very nice and pleasant. All the food comes out quickly and is extraordinary. Although the prices are higher than other restaurants, it's 100% worth it. The crown and glory of the whole experience; the chocolate lava cake. It's rich and delicious. I've never experienced anything that would hinder me from coming back. They always have everything in stock. Love this place and I would highly highly recommend.Best sushi I've ever had. Hands down. Friendly staff, very small and perfect for a date night.As many have mentioned, THEY will cater to YOUR needs!!! I went with a friend who is allergic to Avocados (dont ask, I think he just thinks he's allergic to them).  We asked for rolls minus the avocado.  They asked us if it was a severe allergy because if it was, they were willing to completely clean and sanitize the entire cooking area before preparing our rolls.  Many places will not do this. 
Now onto the food. I have been to a number of Sushi places in Philly and I would have to say I've had the best rolls at Umai Umai.  Although the prices are high, the Designer Rolls are completely worth it. They are a larger portion than regular rolls and each one offers something different.  I recommend the King Kong, Godzilla, Krakken, and Pingu.  Amongst these, the Krakken was my favorite!  I also tried the Spicy Tuna roll, which I can say is by far the best spicy tuna roll I have had. 
To top it off, its BYOB!
Overall, this is a great place to go with friends or take someone out on a date.  Umai Umai has great ambiance and a friendly staff.It's been awhile since I went here but I remember everything being very tasty.  A little on the expensive side but not too bad.There aren't too many restaurants that I leave with that "Wow, that was incredible meal, and worth every penny" feeling every. single. time. But I'm never less than thrilled with Umai Umai.  It's still my very favorite place to eat sushi in Philly. 
The seaweed salad has delicious flavor, their classic rolls are full of fish (none of that pink slime spicy tuna BS) and their designer rolls are unique. Service is fast and friendly. It's a perfect spot for date night, or girls' night out. The only thing that sucks is trying to find parking in Fairmount. But what else is new?This is definitely the best sushi in Philadelphia and the staff is super friendly!Nice place for sushi but does not live up to the hype. I am more of a purist when it comes to sushi so all the specialty rolls seem like overkill and are unappealing. The sashimi is very fresh and the presentation is nice. This is a BYOB so the check is relatively small when compared to other sushi restaurants. One highlight was the fresh sea urchin they got in that day. Incredibly fresh a delicious. It's worth checking out but don't go in thinking this is tantamount to eating at Morimotos;  I can assure you it is not.Great rolls.  We all enjoyed the grilled octopus appetizer. The specialty rolls are definitely a good choice.  The price was g bad at all. Coming from the burbs things are usually cheaper but this was def. a fair price.  I always enjoy a byob but parking was terrible so make sure you take a cab or get there earlier.Decided to give it a try. Low key BYO with some of the most creative rolls I've seen (balsamic and pine nuts anyone?). Don't miss it. PS poke looked amazing and I will try it next time.VERY quaint little sushi shop. On a nice day, the outdoor seating is just beautiful! The staff is incredibly friendly and the food quality is great! It is a pretty Americanized sushi restaurant, so don't go expecting to get anything extremely exotic, but the quality is top-notch.The hot rock is so tender and delicious, highly recommend as a starter! We've also never had a bad roll here, everything is high quality and the service is always exceptional!This is very possibly the best sushi I've ever had! It had such a soft smooth texture with no overpowering fishy tastes. Their specialty roles were unexpected but fantastic combinations. The fact that Umai Umai is a byob makes it just that much better.The best sushi in the city and also the best Brussel Sprout salad! This place never disappoints and the service is always great.Hands down the best sushi I've had in the city!!!!!  Their innovative rolls, as many other reviewers have mentioned, their service, the ambiance of the place and the BYO component make this place great!  
I have to say the Godzilla roll with the strawberries and macadamia nuts ROCKED THE HOUSE.  
GO UMAI, GO!The designer rolls are amazing!! I was not a fan of sushi until my friend brought me here to try some out. I am blown away!By far my favorite sushi place in the city, and probably anywhere in the world. Each roll is so flavorful and unique. There's just nothing else like it! The crispy rice appetizer is to die for as well!I came here for dinner during the week with one of my friends. I ordered the ping pong roll and 4-8-15-16-23-42 roll (didn't love the daikon wrapping) otherwise they were both delicious. I'm not normally this adventurous with sushi. Very fresh! Excellent sushi. Small interior with friendly staff. I will be back!My favorite sushi place in Philly.  The atmosphere is great, the service is excellent and the food is fantastic.  By far the best restaurant in the Fairmount area.  The designer rolls are creative and delicious.  Godzilla and Traffic Light are among my favorites but all are good.  Also, the spicy tuna hand roll is excellent.  I haven't had one bad thing on the menu.Couple things I have to say, sometimes when you goout for sushi you know what you can expect, a rainbow roll, some spicy tuna, some fresh sahsimi etc etc....  I love sushi and eat it frequently but I get bored with it. Oooh, tonight I might try the soft shell crab tempura..
 Not here.  This place hands down has the most unique, and best sushi in Philly.  I have been here multiple times but my theory as of late is to not write reviews after one visit, give it a few times to eat a few things on menu and then write a review so the fellow yelpers can get a thorough idea of what to expect rather than perhaps a bad night from a chef.   Too many people i think rush home before their meal has settled to either thrash a place to death or praise them so they can tell theri sweety "read my review on yelp, I have 400 reviews."
Eat the sushi here!  It's good, unique, reasonably priced and BYOB, Went last night and with tip was less than $60.  Zama, another sushi spot on Rittenhouse which people go ape shit over... $125 with tip and left hungry.I've been here a few times and will keep on coming back. It's been a good experience every time I've gone here for dinner. Their rolls are innovative and are like a symphony of flavors in my mouth. If you're as much of a sushi lover as I am, you have to go here!The fish was very good however the portions were not only small but more pricey than comparable sushi restaurants in the city. Also the menu selection was rather bland.The best sushi that I've had in a really long time, with creative rolls and entrees. I highly recommend any Specialty Roll on the menu, and one entree I'm crazy about is the Seafood Paella with green curry sauce--a fusion of Thai and Spanish rice dishes but using Japanese sticky rice as the base. 
When I found out that the head chef and owner studied as Iron Chef Morimoto's apprentice for years, it made sense.AMAZING sushi!! Yes, it is a little more expensive, but well worth it. Plus, you save some money by bringing your own bottle of wine. My husband and I ordered an assortment of rolls and all were delicious. Definitely recommend this neighborhood gem!