My colleagues and I decided to take a long walk and try something different, yes this is different from I'm used to.. Hotdogs that are cooked deep fried and imagine your own toppings. I love this place! Will def come back and try different hotdogs, bring cash and prepare to sweat when dining in.I stopped in for a quick lunch. The dogs are all 100% beef. 
Ordered the My Thai hot dog. This consisted of a peanut sauce and pickled veggies. It wasn't bad, but there was really nothing special about it that made me go wow. 
I also ordered a small bag of fries. Pretty substantial for $2 and change. It comes with a single dipping sauce with an order, but you can get another for a mere quarter. I wish I ordered another, I think the sriracha mayo was calling my name. Anyway, the fries were done well enough and the garlic aoili was tasty. Not bad for about $6.I really hope the owner reads these because it is embarrassing to complain in public. The hot dog bun was stale, I tried a second time and yes stale again- do you think we can't tell the difference if you toasted it? Bad idea to try to pass off stale buns by toasting them. Hot dogs were cold and not prepared the way it was supposed to be. The Texas says "wrapped in bacon and fried" however it was just regular and some rubbery bacon thrown in. I had a great Texas dog from a roadside truck on the way to Key West and boy was that good. Too bad this place ruined my craving.This was the single best hot dog of my entire life.  Before I finished it, I called my parents to rave about its deliciousness.  This was honestly the best decision I've ever made.  I am thinking about going back for a dinner hot dog.Ordered a Marrakesh dog.  It was a shriveled dry sausage on a cloying oversized starchy roll with a teaspoon of chopped onion and tomato and a pinkish yellow sauce.  I did not take a bite, just put on my jacket and left.  How could they serve such an obviously disgusting product?  Avoid this place.  Horrible.I used to have an affinity for this place. This used to be my son's favorite hot dog place. Unfortunately, we had a very very bad experience here last Sunday. We should've known when we walked in to see dirty tables and filthy floors and shreds of napkin and straw remnants on some of the tables. They were out of most ingredients, the buns were stale and chunks of onion the size of pieces of Apple bites that cut up for my six-year-old. This place needs a redo in the worst way!Underdogs is a cool spot to grab an insanely cheap (especially for Rittenhouse area!) filling, good, not-your-every-day meal. I stuck to the tried and true original dog for trip one.  It was awesome.  These dogs remind me why I should never even think about going vegetarian again.  But wait, they have veggie dogs too. 
If you go, get the combo.  We got two combo meals for $13.  CHEAP. It's really cheap and their fries are awesome.  You get a free dipping sauce.  I got the horseradish mustard and it was excellent.
 Service was fast.  The restaurant is adorable, very bright and plays good music.   Minus one star for unfriendliness.  Maybe it was an off day.  I'll give it another shot.Decent hotdog place. Nothing special, but they do have a lot of variety. 
Luckily, they accept credit cards now. 
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 Star (it's underground and its easy to hit your head on the overhead beam when coming down the steps)Ok so I went to try out Underdog today, even after reading Christine's suggestion to wait until off hours and the place was packed!! Decided to wait until after work and just pick up dinner from there and it was 1000% better at round 4:45, no wait at all.
I got a veggie version of the Chicago style dog to take home but had to try it in the store and at first bite I was a little afraid. Nothing to do with Underdogs dogs but As a new vegan/vegetarian (working out the kinks of giving up dairy:)) as well as a person that's very particular about her hot dogs, I only like beef and certain brands I had a fear of not finding a suitable substitute and can't see me going without that yummy flavor for life.  However the bite that I'd taken did not include any of my toppings, just the "dog" and the bun so I was hopeful.
So when I got home and ate it in it's entirety I was very pleased. It gave me the bite/texture of a hot dog although it doesn't have the exact same taste and the toppings made it taste as if I was eating a regular dog with some additional spices to it. Yet for vegetarians who are not fans of mock foods tasting too close to the real thing, I didn't feel it gave me that at all. Just tasted enough like a hot dog to satisfy when a craving for one hits.
I also got the combo which came with fries and a drink, and the fries came with a dipping sauce, I chose the garlic aioli (again with my dairy wrestling) and it was really tasty. 
I look forward to going again!Have been here several times and kinda wish I got a card on the first visit, since I'm definitely on my way to trying everything. The dogs are tasty and the sausages themselves are each (more or less) unique to the creation for each menu item. I'm a fan of the "Adonis" and anything with the pepper hash (get the pepper hash). Their fries are delicious and I love the dipping sauces, but they do not portion out enough sauce for a serving of fries. Food is served relatively quickly, though the quality has varied on different visits. While I wouldn't go out of my way to visit the spot, when I'm in the neighborhood and I want to fill up for lunch on the relative cheap, this place is on my radar.Average dogs but below average service.
It was my first visit and I ordered the most common chili dog "The Michigan". Nothing stands out, no flavor pops, just plain average. What's worth mentioning is that the roll was not regular soft hot dog roll. It was kinda like a hoagie roll without the crusty crust. I'm not sure I like it because it's not a very good combo with the dog. However, I liked the fries and the garlic aioli dip. I agreed though, with some other reviewers, that the fries were a bit too salty. Dip was tasty.
Service and the place were really "under". It was mid afternoon when I went. There was one customer before me waiting and 3 people working behind counter. I waited 10 minutes for my order. The cashier seemed to be new. The other two, one is the cook, were engaging in their conversation to each other. A few more people came in after me. Regardless now orders are lining up, the cook picked up her cell phone and had another conversation. The "restaurant" gave me a greasy feeling, and of course smell. The dining chair cushions were beat.
It will not be my choice if I ever return. For 8 dollars, I can get a way better meal from food truck.Went here to see what a Philly hot dog place would be like. It is kind of small and in the basement of the building. It is a little dingy inside and seemed old.
I ordered the chicago dog and I wasn't really impressed. The rolls are very thick and it did not have poppy seeds on it. A proper chicago dog would without a doubt have that.Really glad this place just opened a few blocks from work. Sometimes all I want is a good hot dog. I like the buns, they are a little crispy on top and there's a decent bun to dog ratio. The topping choices are pretty great and the prices aren't bad.  I really want to try every combo.  I went with the Adonis, lamb sausage, tomatoes, onion, and tzatziki.  The concept is great, and it reminds me of a gyro, but the sausage was a little too greasy.  The fries are awesome, very brown and nicely seasoned. I love the garlic aioli.  I'll be back.  It was packed so try to come at an off time.Hot dogs. They're the latest trend; a hot dog joint is the new burger joint. Even so, I think hot dogs have an indelible place in American culture (indelible, not inedible), so it's hard to write off a hot dog joint as just another trend. With so much regional variety in the world of hot dogs, Center City was due for a eatery that could bring together these styles and add their own unique dogs. 
Underdogs is that place. I stopped by for takeout today at noon and waited in a long line filled with people that I assume had just seen the Foobooz post on this place. I didn't mind the line, because it gave me plenty of time to study all the menu options printed on the wall. The combos are priced below most area lunches at less than $8 after tax for a dog, fries, and a drink. I started my Underdog journey with a Michigan style dog-- chili, cheddar, chopped onions, and mustard. I mostly made this choice because my last transcendent hot dog experience happened at a hot dog institution in Grand Rapids, Michigan called Yesterdog. Underdog's version was somewhat different (it didn't have a pickle) but still delicious. I think I will hit up the Chicago style next, so that I can get my pickle fix. Fries were also solid and there were a ton of tasty fry sauces to choose from. 
The rest of my coworkers also enjoyed their dogs... we'll be back in force soon!Seriously Underdogs. 9pm? Why can't you be open all the time?????? Lol I want a Buffalo Gal! :)This place is great. I love hotdogs and no place better than here to expand your horizons on gourmet toppings.They use Tofurkey Brats as veggie dogs here, which scores big points with me as a vegan. They're pretty fairly priced for what you get. I got the Chicago style dog and loved it. I'll be going back soon. They're also open til 4AM on weekends!I'm not happy about this update because until now, I've had nothing but a good experience at Underdogs.
I went back about a week and a half and got eh 9th Streeter and it seems like the quality of their products have dwindled from great to meh. 
The dog was topped with minimal onions and peppers (more onions that peppers but again, minimal...maybe a a teaspoons worth), the bun was stale and the fries tasted like they had been in an open bag in the freezer for days. I had a few bites but ended up throwing most of my meal out. It's a shame because this place isn't on the cheap side, I expect value for my money.I'm moving into Philly next month, and my knowing of Underdogs' existence ahead of this life change is dangerous. I can see it now: I'll be sitting in my new apartment, it'll be mid-summer, and suddenly the craving will strike: hot dog, wrapped in bacon and cheese, fried. A mere walking distance away.
I feel like it will be extra hard to ignore the fact that Underdogs -- bright, colorful, alluring -- is in business when it's 2 a.m., the night is ending and hunger sets in. Because apparently they're open crazy late (4!) on weekends.
Hot dogs might as well be one of my major food groups, and it's hard to screw them up. Underdogs does a fine job at concocting fun toppings to the traditional dog -- and for that, I'm happy.
To note: Cash only. Incredibly cheap. Insanely fattening. In the best of ways.I eat only the veggie dogs, but they are the shit. I've had a few different options but I usually make my own dog jawn. The owner of the place is always courteous and helpful - he provides guidance if you look lost evaluating all your options. 
Anyway, haven't had a bad dog there. I suggest getting the combo since the fries are spot-on. To the people ragging on the buns, I take exception - I actually enjoy the buns. They are definitely a different bun, but I think they complement the dogs quite well.Center City West (Rittenhouse Area) is finally getting a nice little roster of cheaper quicker but still quality eats.  I was happy when Hot Diggety opened last year, but its just a little too far away for a quick lunch break.  But Underdogs is in a perfect location for me to hit for lunch.
I heard the lines were long at peak times, so I went for a late lunch today - around 2PM.  It was medium-busy, and there were a couple of people in line befoire me, but it moved fast.
They have lots of dog-options written on the wall, which you can read while in line, which is nice (and the combo price is written there too).
I got a "Michigan" combo which is chili, cheddar cheese, onions & mustard.  The combo includes fries & a drink.  You get one free dipping sauce with an order of fries.  $0.25 for an additional sauce.  The whole thing cost less than $8.  Not bad at all for a center city lunch.
The hot dog was great.  The chili was tasty but not overly spicy - just like hot dog chili should be.  Quality beef dog with a good bun.  It seemed like the bun was slightly toasted or something, but I'm not 100% sure.
The fries were well-done, fresh and good.  They reminded me of the fries at Five Guys so if you like those, you'll probably like these too.
All in all I'm really happy that Underdogs is in the neighborhood & I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.If you like specialty hot dogs or just want a hotdog this is the place to come, with its variety  and fry dipping sauces you can't go wrong.Inexpensive, quick, close, stellar service and an incredible variety of sauces ... Underdog's pushing all my buttons at once!
My friend and I split the My Thai (asian slaw and peanut sauce on an all-beef hot dog) and a kielbasa w/onions, peppers and spicy mustard (the name of which escapes me) because we couldn't each choose 1. Both were good and everything tasted fresh and as wholesome as this type of food gets.
A large fry is good for two to share, and the fries are (as others have said) perfectly cooked and salted. 
The sauces are great - BBQ, peanut, different mayos, curry, vinegar, chipotle flavors - fun to sample. The staff is very nice and gave us a few to try for free. It was lunchtime on a Saturday and it was surprisingly empty, but the owner said it has been very busy, which was good to hear.
Some suggestions: sweet potato fries? a wheat roll option? open a branch at Citizens Bank Park?
Either way, I'll be back when I need my next Underdog fix...which will be soon.
Hope these guys continue to do well!DECISION 2012!
I dunno, Underdogs...if there was an election between you and Hot Diggity for president, well, I'd be one of those pain in the butt swing voters.  I just can't make up my mind!
My first experience with Underdogs was at a Yelp Elite Event this summer, so I definitely wanted to get to their storefront to try them out.  We came at the most inconvenient time during the day (noon) and it didn't seem like they had their ordering system down.  I know the place isn't that big and they're relatively new, but I think they need to reorganize their lines or something. 
Anyway, our dogs came out and we were able to grab a table, so that was cool.  The fries were fresh and they were salted well (10 points to Gryffindor).  My hot dog was drenched in mustard - literally, swimming in it (no points to Gryffindor).  I preferred the Dietz and Watson style frank over the Sabrett's used at Hot Diggity (10 points again).  It was difficult to get our free soda refills and the floor and walls desperately need cleaning (10 points back).  BYOB after 5PM (+10).  Limited dipping sauces (-10).  Gah, I'm so stuck!  
Perhaps I should just do a write-in hot dog candidate?  Say, Joey Chestnut for prez?  Help me decide the "wiener" of this sauerkrautic election, fellow Yelpers!Okay so...I am obsessed with Underdogs. It is hard to explain really, but they are just great. 
I went for the first time about a year and a half ago. I have never been disappointed. There are SO many funky and unique hotdogs. My absolute favorite is "The Tryp," which is Turkey Sausage with stuffing, gravy, and cranberry sauce. YUMMM. I also really like "The Adonis," which is lamb sausage with lettuce, tomato, onions, and tzatziki. Even just these two examples should give you a picture of how fun the hotdogs at Underdogs are. 
I have tried about seven or eight of the hotdogs. If you try all of them (there are 23), you get your name on the wall! That is my dream :)
This place isn't for the pretentious eater. It is just for people who love trying fun, interesting, casual foods.great place for awesome dogs with a twist! more like an upscale dog shop, plus the fries and dipping sauces are excellent.Not sure what all the fuss is about this place.  It seems most of the reviews are about everything but the dogs/sausages.  Great fries, low cost, fresh toppings and good sauces.  The hot dogs (Dietz & Watson) are mealy and not much flavor to them.  I had the Back In the Day (needed salt) and the Chicago (you couldn't taste the hot dog) on my first try.  On my second the Chihuahua would have been great if not for the lack of chorizo.  It seems they cut one link in half in order to fill the length of the bun.  Either go with a bigger link or double it so you can actually taste the chorizo.  Definitely doesn't live up to the hype.Yeah there's not much to crave about this place. It's O.K.. Price is a bit much for what it is and ingredients could be fresher (my bun was super dry). 
They could definitely do a little for a much better quality product. Not willing to go back though until someone else tells me they have stepped up their product.Ate here for the first time the other night and loved it! I had the Adonis, which is essentially a gyro in sausage form, and the wasabi mayo - it was delicious! The lamb sausage was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  My only complaint was that I could have used a little more tzatzikil, which I'm sure I could have asked for.  My friend got the Pero Caliente with chipotle mayo and that was pretty good, too (don't be turned off by the chocolate cayenne mole sauce, it's good!).
The workers here are extremely friendly and the tables were clean. Knowing that this place is open on weekends until 4am is going to be deadly for me after a night out at the bars in Rittenhouse.
Try this place!!!I tried the chihuahua hotdog, the pb&j, and the Maui ...something. The chihuahua was ok but liked the other two better. The flavors were surprisingly good! I recommend being adventurous here because it's a good bet you'll be happily surprised. :)While I really was wishing for a well-matched hot dog face off to go down in Philly, Underdogs just fell far short of the competition.  Not only is the sunken restaurant sullen, dingy, and depressing, the dogs have a distracting chewy casing and a bun so big you can barely see the tiny dog fighting for its life in the middle.
And for another kick in the pants: the fries are greasy, thin and wobbly a la Micky Ds.  Appropriate occasionally, but I like a good thick frite with my hot dog.  And the sauces...meh.I used to love this place. A lot of different variations and have sausages as well. Chicago dog is solid. Seems like service and quality have finished in the last year or so. It's a shame because it used to be so good.Tried the Chihuha Dog and the Thai Dog last night..both were very fresh and tasty...the Chihuha was a little more fancy and rich with chipotle mayo and some queso fresco cheese on top while the thai one was more on the simple side with peanut sauce and papaya salad..both served on a yummy bun...They were also kind enough to substitute the chorizo dog on chihuha for a lamb sausage...great fries too !!!Hmmmmmmmm. I really want to like this place and I do for the most part, I just won't be jumping at the need to get back here as soon as possible.
I had the pleasure of first trying Underdogs at a Yelp event last year and was really impressed. By the time I had gotten to my Coney Classic, it was cold but still delicious and that sparked my interest. 
So I finally got a chance to check this place out and....it okay. Not amazing, but okay. 
1. The hot dog is extremely filling. I got the Texas Tommy Combo to go and couldn't finish it all in one sitting. The hot dog was thick and the bun was soft with a crusty crust. It was wrapped in bacon and smothered with cheese. I could feel the calories hitting my hips in every bite. Overall tasty but nothing that blew me out of the water. 
2. The speed is quick. Took me about 15 minutes to order and get my food. 
3. But....my fries were lukewarm. I had a to go box or else I would have asked for newer fries if I was eating in. The fries were tasty but the fact that they were lukewarm just 3 minutes after getting the box was very disappointing. Basically that means they had been sitting out for a minute.
4. The lady at the counter was both handling money, filling up drinks, and serving the food- all without gloves. Gross. I was particularly put off when I saw that she was cleaning the tables with a rag and spray and saw my order was up. I looked at her, she looked over at the kitchen and saw my order. She went right over and put my food in the box. No washing of hands or anything...... That's a big no no. But I was really hungry and in a rush so I grabbed my food and went. But thinking about it again....I don't know if I would so readily come back to this one because of that.Very close to our hotel, and after living in NYC, for 1.5 yrs, we're a bit picky about our dogs.  I opted for the Texas Tommy, and it was sinfully good.  The fries are fantastic!  I can't give it 5 stars as my heart belongs to Crif Dogs in the East Village, but tasty for "upscale street food."  The gal behind the counter was sweet.As a Michigander, I'd like to lay some knowledge on Underdogs:
Here's how you got the Michigan wrong in case you were going for authenticity: A Michigan Coney Island, is made with YELLOW mustard, never spicy, and NO CHEESE.  Onions are optional, mustard is optional, but never never with cheese.  This is not a chili-cheese dog, or even a chili dog.  The best Conies are made with hotdogs in natural casings that snap when you bite into them.  That's just how we 'Ganders get down.
Here's what you got right: the coney sauce is pretty good and the overall taste is close.  The hotdogs themselves are tasty.   I'll come back for a taste of home, and can't wait to try the other dogs.  
Good job!
UPDATE: the owner left me a really nice message to explain that in the N.E. "the Michigan" is its own particular type of dog.  Who knew?  I have since gone in and they make it the Michigan coney way and are always really nice:)Today was my first visit and the only problem I had was that I couldn't decide which menu item to choose from. They all sounded so delicious, so I will have to go back and try each one. As for today's choice (haute dog parm), wow the shaved parm cheese was more than I expected. See you again VERY soon.Let me say this upfront: I am a vegetarian who really misses meat (I know, lots of veg people don't, but I do - sue me). Before coming here, I never, ever had a good veggie dog. Hamburgers, chicken - all that stuff I could find a decent approximation. But veggie dogs were always lacking for me. I can honestly say that the veggie dog from Underdogs has been a lifesaver for me. Any of the dogs can be made veggie, from what I understand. I'm partial to the original Underdog, but I also love the Penn Deutch (with pepper hash, which I so rarely get to enjoy) and the Coney Classic (can you see that I have a thing about cabbage?). The Chicago dog is also fantastic.
My greatest love for this place comes from the fry sauces. The selection is vast and excellent. Most of the sauces are mayo-based, so if that's your thing, you'll enjoy these. I keep coming back here because this is the only place I've found that has FRY SAUCE. I got hooked on fry sauce when I lived briefly in Utah - and it's almost impossible to get elsewhere! I've tried making my own, but it never really turns out right. I love being able to get actual fry sauce whenever I want. It tastes like Utah, it really does. As long as the veggie dogs and fry sauce stick around, I will continue coming here.Incredibly underwhelming. Made a point to come here after a long night because of great reviews from friends. After I paid for food 7 parties were served before me. When I went up to check on food I received no food and only sass in return. Incredibly irritated by staff and poor service.Love this place! The lamb dog is my fav. They are pretty consistent. Hole in the wall type of place. Bathroom is disgusting, but that's part of the experience apparently.There are dozens of combinations of hot dogs you can get here. Spicy, Mediterranean, mexican, texan, I can't even remember the types. I just remember having a full stomach and delicious experience--for less than $10!I'm not quite sure how this establishment stays in business. Let's not kid ourselves, it's worse than "hit or miss." I'll start with the "pros": it is occasionally open during the posted hours. End. The "cons:" I could probably stop counting the amount of times this joint has "run out of buns"... one time an employee told me she had literally "run out of EVERYTHING." On another occasion I was served two hot dogs and/or sausages when I clearly asked for and ordered two veggie dogs. 
The presentation is sloppy. The dogs are overall pretty greasy and generally unappealing despite their fun sounding combination of flavors/ingredients. 
Tonight was the final straw. After making an effort to arrive here before they inevitably ran out of business-defining ingredients, I was greeted by a handwritten sign indicating their closure, even complete with assignation of, "folks." Look. I'm not a folk. I'm a member of the "fist club" which apparently means nothing more than the fact that you've either contributed some sort of monetary donation or you've faked your way through eating their entire disgusting menu. Or you had a friend who worked here who punched a bunch of holes in your menu to give you a head start.
For a place that touts itself as one of the "best late night eats" this is truly poor. Not open late, barely serves what it intends, and treats you worse than an uninvited guest at a funeral. Next.I first tried Underdogs when they made an appearance and provided some of their specialties at a Yelp event.  From that point on, I schemed about going to the full restaurant.  After talking about it for several months, I went into the city specifically to go to Underdogs.  Took a 50-minute train ride for hot dogs.  But they're really so much more.  They're more of an adventure than just a hot dog.  You can go anywhere for a regular old hot dog, but these are huge, delicious hot dogs with such a creative array of toppings.  Prices are reasonable and the fries that accompany the hot dogs in the combo meal are great as well.
I've tried four of their dogs so far and am determined to try them all so that I can get my name on the wall.  It's going to take me a while (23 hot dog flavors in total with regular specials to accompany those), but it's going to be awesome every bite of the way.I'm a sucker for a hole in the wall, especially when that hole is brightly painted and is staffed by some quality employees.  Underdogs simply oozes "cool", and I got the feeling that it was a little bit of a cash-only hipster paradise. 
Admittedly, I've only been once, but I get the feeling I'll be back at least 22 times. Why? Well, if you try all 23 of their dogs/sausages, you not only are chock-full of delicious meaty goodness, but you get your name painted on a FIST on their wall.  I know that doesn't sound like much, but I love a challenge and will be toting my menu everywhere I go in case the urge hits for some sausage or a dog.
This first trip, I went in for the highly recommended Chihuahua: chorizo sausage with sautéed onions, chipotle mayo and queso blanco. I figured "YOLO" and made it a combo for a few bucks more in order to get those tasty looking fries.  Before I get distracted talking about the sausage, let's just talk about the fries. Natural (I love when you get to see and nibble some potato skin) and well-salted (though, I imagine if you weren't part-deer like me, you may consider them over-salted), they were the best fries I've had in recent history. All different shapes and sizes, they were even tastier dipped in the chipotle mayo (you get one dipping sauce fo' free, and it's like, 50 cents for another). The amount of fries you get as the side in the combo was unreal (as in large) and I was totally stuffed after wolfing the whole order.
The Chihuahua itself left me aching for more chorizo sausages in my life. It was fully loaded without overflowing, making it the ideal size for an indulgent lunch. The bun was miles above your average hot dog bun, with an actual doughy flavor that I loved. The sausage held it's own despite the rich toppings. The onions were perfectly sauteed and, though the queso blanco didn't add a ton to the party, the chipotle mayo was a match made in heaven to the sausage. 
I took mine to go (and went straight to Barnes & Noble to read an entire book cover to cover, ah funemployment) and the combo came in the most adorable (and practical) little box, which kept everything neat and tidy. I am already looking forward to trying the Tryp (smoked turkey sausage with stuffing, gravy and cranberry relish) and the 9th Streeter (Fiorella's spicy Italian with sautéed peppers and onions). And the other 20. I'll be back (again, and again, and again. With friends.)Such great expectations for this place, I was excited about the variety of dogs and innumerable choices. Sadly, my expectations were not met. The bun was the greatest disappointment- it was stale, hard, and flavorless. The concept has such great potential, but they just didn't follow through. Prices were okay. I wish I could say I want to go back, but unfortunately that won't be happening.I had a really disappointing experience at Underdogs tonight. I have been wanting to go to this place since it opened and was expecting to love it! I can't help but compare it to Hot Diggity, and Underdogs didn't even come close for me. 
I had the Chicago style dog with fries and garlic aioli dipping sauce. The hot dog was lukewarm -- I noticed that it was done and on the counter long before the fries were ready, so I'm not sure if it was cold because it was sitting out or because it was never that hot to begin with. The worst part for me was the bun. I thought it was way too dense and bread-like, but that might just be personal preference. I did enjoy the toppings, and the fries and dipping sauce were good -- the fries were crispy and came out nice and hot.
The cashier gave me a two dollar bill for change because they were running low on ones. I can't help but be annoyed by that! (But honestly, who paid them with a two dollar bill?!!)I had been keeping tabs on this place, and with a quick dinner in mind, my bf (who is on Yelp finally!) and I went here on a Saturday a bit before 6. People were in and out, but it wasn't too busy at all. 
Hailing from Berks County ("Western Pennsylvania" as some of you Philadelphians like to call it), I had to get the Penn Deutch dog with spicy mustard and pepper hash. I got a combo, which I feel is a good deal. Also, "the quality of the dog was outstanding!" My BF got the Texas Tommy, as I knew he would (it's wrapped in bacon and fried).
They've got quite a bunch of creative dogs on the menu, each different enough that you'll want to try them all! Veggie and gluten free dogs are an option as well. Underdogs will keep it interesting with a dog of the day. The dipping sauces will entice you to get fries, probably every time.
Nice work to Underdogs' friendly staff! This is going to be a great spot for lunch, dinner, & late night. I will be back!I would give this place five stars, but it is contributing to my already expanded waist-line. So far my favorite is either the Buffalo Gal or the Coney Island. I am a bit scared to try some of the more out there dogs, but hopefully will get my name on the wall. The people are nice and it's good to find a place open at 3am on a weekend. Only wish they were open later on the weekdays. The dogs are very filling, be warned...and addicting.Cool, novelty idea. Neat hot dog toppings makes for some interesting flavor combinations. My favorite is the PB&J dog. The dipping sauces for the fries are very tasty. 
The problem I have with underdogs is the price. I get it, they gotta make rent like everyone else. But they are in a great location and hot dogs are cheap. Why do I have to spend $10 for 1 hot dog and fries when I go in? 
If there was a better value here, I'd eat here significantly more often. Maybe they'd rather serve less people at higher prices and the economics make sense for them that way because of their size?The "Michagan" hot dog was delicious.  The hotdog was juicy and had  a slight snap and the toppings tasted and looked fresh.  French fries were well done, just as we liked them and the horseradish aoli was heavenly.  This place was simple and all about the hotdog.  I just wish they had some other drink that was not carbonated, the only choice was bottled water.This place does a really nice job.  I went with the pero caliente, which has some kick to it and was very tasty.  The buns are great as are the fries.  I really liked the variety of dipping sauces (try the garlic aoli).  Seems like a good lunch and/or late night spot, something a little different and affordable.  Highly recommend checking it out.Let's talk about the location of Underdogs for a second. It's clever that the name might be a play on the location of the restaurant - it's underneath a building. You have to walk downstairs to get your underdog.
Let's talk about hot dogs at Underdogs for a second. These dogs are like the bulldogs of hot dogs...a'int no whimpy wieners here...just plump, girthy beef to fill up your gut. The Coney Classic is delicious - the mustard is spicy and the sauerkraut is crunchy. The dog is juicy and beef-y...a'int no fillers here.
The Adonis is fine too - though the lamb tastes a bit more like falafel than an animal of any sort. Trick your vegetarian friends - tell them about the new falafel hot dog.
Let's talk about the french fries at Underdogs for a second. They're dark gold and oh-so-diappable. They're bendy and are well suited to the Georgia BBQ Sauce - whatever this is, it's indescribably wonderful. The Malt Vinegar aioli is delicious as well - but mix it up a bit so that you get more of the malt than the mayo. The chocolate cayanne mole is definitely an adventure worth exploring - it tastes a bit like pureed beef chili. The pico de gallo isn't really a dip because it really is pico de gallo.
Let's talk about the best way to eat at Underdogs. Skip the bun. Eat the dog (1.5 dogs per person is sufficient). Share a regular size fry (or large if you're a fiend) and order as many dipping sauces as possible. GET THE GEORGIA BBQ SAUCE AND THE MALT VINEGAR AIOLI.After hearing the hype and salivating at the prospect of some haute dogs, I was excited to finally check out Underdogs!
A combo comes with a hotdog, delicious crispy sea salted fries (though a bit too salty for me), and a small fountain soda. No free refills.
The GF and I had a combo each and of course I got a side of another hotdog.
She had the Michigan which comes topped with chili and melted cheddar. Delicious and the best pick of the three dogs.
I had the chihuahua which came topped with cheese (not melted). Nicely spicy ... Def had a kick to it.
I also had the special with pepper hash and Russian dressing. Also delicious but not a standout. Pepper hash is essentially a mix of dressed peppers and onions that are finely chopped. 
Free toppings for all dogs include pepper hash, mustard, ketchup, sauerkraut, among others.
Fries come with the choice of one dipping sauce. We tried chipotle mayo and garlic aioli ... Both very good.
The cashier was very amiable as well!
This was all for less than $20. We'll be back soon!One of my favorite spots in the city! Who knew a hotdog restaurant could make me come back over and over again? The owner said he wanted to provide a full meal with fresh ingredients at an affordable price and oh boy did he do that and more! All the ingredients he tops on the hot dogs are fresh and the buns are brought in fresh daily.  A full meal (hot dog, amazing fries and a drink) will cost you around $8. They have hot dog staples such as the Texas Tommy (chile, cheese, deliciousness) and the Chicago. The owner also has a special every month where he creates his own masterful combination, which turns out surprisingly well! One more plug, it is open until 4am on Fridays and Saturdays! Have a late night craving? Go to Underdogs.Awesome! Just wish they had other types of hotdogs than beef! Selection and menu is great and my chili cheese dog satisfied my craving!I had the grunge dog today which comes with cream cheese and jalapenos. It's something you wouldn't think of doing but Robert's geniuses nailed it again. I had the malt vinegar aioli and harissa today with my fries. Well done, once again!Went to underdog for lunch. It really is a cool little places. The decor and  location are one of a kind. Not to mention the toppings for your hot dog are unreal. I'm not one for toppings on my dog but if I was... I'd be in heavy. They really have every conventional and unconventional topping. With that being said my dog was pretty good. Roll was stale- this my four star rating but everything else about this experience was great. Quick service- made to order hot and a great fun menu. Well done underdog very cute spot. Also a great and easy to-go container :)It's "just a hot dog place" but it's good. Nice staff, decent food, and the prices are reasonable. I wouldn't go for a full meal if you're worried about price - skip the fries and drink if that's the case, because they're extremely overpriced. Though fries and sodas always are.
I've only had one type of hot dog here so far, but I enjoyed it and would definitely come back to get another (or even a different kind).The weather was so glorious this weekend, with the sun brightly shining, that it made me want to feel like it was summer already in any and all ways possible, and extending the summer feeling to food just seemed natural. We were both starving - he from doing work on his laptop all afternoon and I from 6 hours of yoga training - so we didn't want to wait for food. I remembered our friends had enjoyed Underdogs when they first tried them last year, and since we still hadn't followed through on our promise to check them out my suggestion became our dinner choice on Sunday. 
They're a cash-only establishment...unless you order ahead online, THEN you can pay by card. We placed our order, walked over, picked it up and walked over to the crowded Rittenhouse Square Park to enjoy the remainder of the lovely weekend weather with our "dogs." They primarily offer beef hot dogs, but they also have a nice selection of sausages, which is perfect for me (I'm not partial to hot dogs...ever, really). I was tempted by the Marrakech given the Yelp reviews, but went instead with the Adonis (lamb sausage with lettuce, tomato, onion and tzatziki) that had first caught my eye (and stomach). My fiancé got the Chihuahua chorizo sausage with sautéed onions, chipotle mayo and queso blanco and the My Thai (beef hot dog with spicy peanut sauce and green papaya slaw) combo, with fries and garlic aioli. 
The rolls they came in were not your supermarket find; large and NOT super soft, they're closer to what you might get as a hoagie roll (or at least that's what my fiancé said). My lamb sausage was split in half to fit into the roll with its toppings, and it was deliciously lightly spiced, and its warmth against the cool tzatziki sauce was super YUM. I got a taste of the My Thai, whose peanut sauce contrasted nicely with the Asian slaw on top, but I didn't get a chance to try the Chihuahua because that disappeared too fast! (I guess that means its good...) The fries are pretty good, but the aioli is only ok IMHO - hard to compare to Monk's fries and aioli, once you've tried them nothing else tastes good. But hey, the prices aren't too bad, although there are always people who feel paying more than $1 for a hot dog is stupid (I know a few). We'll have to compare the other specialty hot dog places to see which is the TOP DOG (oh, haha, I'm so funny (thanks Dad for your sense of humor)).If you like hot dogs (heck, even if you don't) run don't walk to this place! 
I want to start off by saying I do not generally eat hot dogs but only stopped by here through word of mouth. The place is located kind of in the basement of the building,(so below street level) on 17th street. I ordered a "California dreamin" hot dog because I absolutely love avocado. It came with avocado, tomato and lemon mustard vinaigrette. The service was super quick and I got the hot dog in no time. 
The hot dog was super yummy! The meat was cooked to perfection and it was very juicy. The sauce and toppings combination were great as well. I would love a jar of the lemon mustard vinaigrette. They had an incredible selection of other hot dog specials so I am definitely coming back to try them all! 
The price is a little high but the quality is great!Twenty-five minutes for an under-whelming dog, cold fries, and a drink that I had to ask for two times. The premise seems good but the current execution is awful.Famazing.
The bun was the best part- I kept remarking to my friend on how flaky, buttery, and crispy it was. 
Oh, and the dawg itself was great.A girlfriend and i stopped in before we headed out for the night.. Brought a bottle of wine (BYOB till 2am) We had the Marrakesh and the Chihuahua combos, and both were delish!! They consisted of a semi-spicy lamb sausage and great toppings. Staff was really friendly and helpful.. overall, great time!I felt really fat afterwards, but man was it good at the time. 
We went for the marrakesh and the pero caliente, combo'd one order.  Perfect size for two people.  You get one small fountain drink, but a large order of fries with a rich mayo dipping sauce (we went for the old bay seasoning flavor).  The hot dogs came in these buns that were basically the love child of a regular hot dog bun and a baguette.  Not sure what it's actually called, but it has more definition and texture than an average hero.  Both dogs were delicious.  The marrakesh was lamby and smoky with a nice light cucumber and tomato salad on top.  The pero caliente had a mess of stuff on top, but most notably thinly sliced jalapeno peppers that weren't your typical ones out of a can.
The fries were fresh and seasoned with good sea salt and came with your choice of one specialty dip.  Our Old Bay mayo was very flavorful and definitely rivals some of the dips of specialty Belgian frite places.  Sure it's a bit greasy, but that's to be expected.
All in all, a delicious lunch.  I would definitely go back to satisfy a hot dog craving and try the other decadent looking choices they have.  I just don't like taking the walk of shame afterwards.Boy oh Boy!!! If you haven't had the opportunity to feast on one of these delicious dogs....then you surely are missing out! And let's not even mention the yummy fries and the out of this world dipping sauces....I am forever a fan of Underdogs...I ordered the Marrakesh and had the curry mayo dipping sauce with my fries, and I had no complaints at all.  I can't wait for my next dog!
If you like hot dogs or sausages....hurry....I said hurry!!! and get on down to Underdogs to satisfy your lunch craving you won't be disappointed.In my local NJ neighborhood I saw two hot dog joints come and go, in the same building no less. I have a feeling if Underdogs inhabited the space, I'd still have a local hot dog joint. 
Decided to check this place out after reading Philadelphia Weekly's The Battle Between Two Hot Dog Joints. My boyfriend and I have been craving some good veggie dogs and yum yum: perfect. 
The veggie dogs were Yves Veggie Brat's I believe. The guy told me they usually use Tofurkey Brand but these were still great. 
We went with a couple of Coney Classics and at the suggestion of the staff, a Georgia Bulldog. The buns were picked with toppings, leaving a messy but extremely enjoyable hot dog experience. I can see why this place stays open till 4 am on weekends. 
We also got some delicious fries. They packed a lot in including a couple sauces Old Bay Mayo and another one I forget the name and it doesn't seem to be on the online menu. 
Great service, very friendly and seemed to really enjoy what they do. 
We got 5 hot dogs, a soda and large fries and the total was $25. I think that's a good deal.The issue is that
Underdogs goes overboard
While underwhelming
My hot dog love only extends so far, and Underdogs just stretches the limit past the breaking point for me. Their dogs, while less expensive than others in the city, also have a lack of attention to detail that is incredibly frustrating.
I get it, they're 'just hot dogs,' but if I wanted that I would go to the cart outside my work, drop $2 on two dogs and call it a lunch. The reason you go here is because you still want a dog but want a little more out of your lunch. 
My issue with Underdogs isn't the location or price, or even the service which has always been friendly. It's that without fail, every time I order a dog there is something discernibly wrong about it. Last time I got the California Dreamin and the Adonis. The California includes avocado, which wasn't sliced but rather seemed to be heavily ladled on top in a soupy mess that soaked through the roll and combined with the lemon mustard vinaigrette in a fairly stomach churning mixture. The Adonis had the same sauce problem, in that the overabundance of tzatziki was watery and turned everything into a big mess.
I've had other dogs there with similar problems. The Georgia Bulldog and Special come with enough pepper hash to nearly cover the entire hot dog. Including the bun.
My advice with Underdogs is to use caution with anything that has a sauce, and ask questions if you're not sure. Underdogs has been a series of 'man I wish I had known that before ordering' experiences for me. Had I known the avocado would arrive in liquid form I would have shied away. Same for the sauce on the Adonis. Or the hash on almost anything. Sometimes too much isn't a good thing.
The good: it's the least expensive of the upscale hot dogs, and is easy to get to from anywhere in Center City. Their takeout boxes are great when getting more than one dog, and despite being cash only they do have an ATM right inside the door.They are partially underground--down a half flight of stairs from the street level. A floor to ceiling window keeps the space from feeling cave-like. I visited at local lunch time, and there was a brisk crowd of business types getting lunch. The service here is not fast-food fast--this food is made to order with care. If you eat a lot of different dogs, you can get your name on the wall. A nice challenge for a local (and I'm glad it's not alcohol-themed, for once!). I tried the chicken sausage with mozzarella and tomato sauce on a gluten-free bun. It was tasty and different. Next time I'm in Philly, I will check out another dog. Food and atmosphere are both fun and unique.I moved to Philly a few months ago, and this is by far one of my favorite places to eat at.-- enough said. If you're a local and you aren't doing the "Wall of Fame" challenge, you are stupid. I LOVE YOU, UNDERDOGS!Just ate here today for the first time and I was mad that I did. The hot dog bun was cold and too large for the hot dog. The hot dog was just very forgettable and being that it's a place based on hot dogs they better get it together. One pro was the fries which were not amazing but the malt vinegar aioli dipping sauce earned them 2 stars.Their colors might as well be a tribute to the kit colors of "AverageJoe's" Dodgeball team. 
Their toppings are as fresh and crisp as the 80's Ice Rink, when the Miracle on Ice took place.
Their sauces and hot pickles packs as much punch as Rocky balboa's puglist win over Apollo creed. 
It would have been the Stadium staple during the "Miracle Mets Era".
The Dogs are as juicy and massive as Goran Ivanisevic's Serves during his Wimbeldon run in 2001.
You'll want to come back again and again, just like Liverpool plotted their comeback from 3 goals down to win the Uefa Cup.
So don't wait  for someone to chant "Rudy Rudy Rudy",  just go ahead and score yourself a hotdog at Underdogs !I really, really, really want to give Underdogs a five star review. I feel like my disappointment at dropping $8 (even though the food is delicious) is difficult for a hot dog, fries, and a can of coke. Granted, I am ALWAYS full when I leave and have yet to encounter a dog I didn't like. 
These aren't your typical street meat hot dogs. There is a ton of variety. My favorite is the Tryp. It is a turkey sausage with stuffing, gravy and cranberry relish. Another tasty treat was the California Dreamin' which is avocado, tomato, lemon mustard vinaigrette. I actually had the last one as a veggie dog with a gluten free bun. Definitely still delivered a scrumptious lunch.
If you eat all 23 dogs on the menu you can put your name on the wall and become part of the Fist Club. I'm determined to get my name up there! 
Make sure you don't have your head in the clouds when walking down 17th street as it is an underground store front. You'll need to pay attention or you will walk on by!Don't get me wrong, I love a good wiener. It's sick actually. Like, the essentials in my fridge "sharp white cheddar cheese, ketchup and hot dogs" instead of the standard "eggs, milk, and bread."  The best part about this place is the variety of dogs you can get-- including vegan hotdogs and actual sausages. The best "hot dog" I ordered was the Marrakesh which was a lamb sausage and pretty tasty but could have been spicier.  Everything overall is pretty solid and the fries almost *almost* stole the show. But my take here is that not all dogs come out winners... Just as it is in life-- so depending on what you order you could give this place 5 stars or 2 stars... They should probably tweak their menu on the dogs that are sort of underwhelming to make them their own super stars.I love this place! I got a Coney Island dog and fries with the malt vinegar aoli.  Everything was amazing, and that means a lot coming from me because I'm picky as hell.  As someone who grew up eating only Hebrew National, I really like that the hot dogs are all beef.
I'm deducting one star because, though I know it can't be helped due to the location of the restaurant, but I don't like the atmosphere much.  The place is really tiny, underground, and when I was there yesterday it was FREEZING inside.  But the food and graphic design is so awesome that it more than makes up for it.  Maybe they'll make enough $$ that they can upgrade the location one day.I daydream daily about the Veggie Dogs served here.  A must visit for any vegetarian looking for a clean, cute place offering tons of variety.  I love the choice of toppings for the dogs and dips for the fries.  I hear they are opening a second location in South Philly.  Happy to hear these friendly people are not only doing well but also expanding!Glory glory!! Came in for some dogs after a late night. Walked in around 3AM and got the Texas Tommy, 9th streeter, the coney, and the pero caliente. The portions of the fries were huge and came with dipping sauces. The sodas, not so much. We got the garlic, curry, and wasabi. The garlic was my favorite! I will definitely be back when the drunken munchies take control~~~~~ I think I could even come here sober. :)We got the Texas Tommy and a regular chili cheese dog. They were both insanely delicious and came out pretty quickly. The chili cheese dog far surpassed the Texas Tommy. All in all the dogs were delicious and fast.Where to begin? My girlfriend and I went there on a Saturday afternoon because I've been curious about the place since it opened. The decor is bright but not overwhelming with colorful geometric shapes contrasted by framed sports photos, and the music sounded like it was straight from one of my Pandora stations so I immediately felt at home. The menu is painted on the wall and is very easy to read which is an accomplishment because the sheer variety of hot dogs and sausages they provide is astounding with 23 options to choose from each at under $5 per dog, pocket change for a Rittenhouse Square establishment. While they have the typical hot dog choices, their "Haute Dog" menu includes ingredients such as peanut sauce and papaya coleslaw on their Thai inspired hot dog or pico de gallo and mole sauce on their Mexican one. There's enough variety here to satisfy everyone and if someone were to not find something that satisfied them they were dead inside to begin with. I had the My Thai and The Adonis (think lamb gyro, but in sausage form) and my girlfriend had the Michigan with beef chili, cheddar and mustard and the dogs were juicy and perfect, the bun was fresh baked and unlike any other roll I've had, and the toppings were fresh and delicious. On top of that, they make a game out of it where if you have every one of their hot dogs you get your name on the wall. I'm three down with twenty to go, and that is a challenge I will gladly accept.I love hot dogs.  I was so excited when I first read about this place, and it did not disappoint.  I got the Michigan dog, which had beef chili, cheddar, onions and mustard.  I was expecting more chili and less cheese, but it was still pretty darn good.  And the combo comes with fries and a drink, for about $7.  Not bad for a center city lunch!  I tried the malt vinegar aioli dipping sauce, so good!  If you try all 23 of their hot dogs (and get your menu punched each time) you get a fist with your name on the wall!  Oh glory of glories!  I may not make it before I decide to give my arteries a break, but I'll sure have fun trying!  Oh, and it's open til 4am on Fridays and Saturdays, and I spied a sandwich board inside that said it was BYO after 5pm??  I have yet to verify that though, but exciting nonetheless!  Can't wait to come back.So I stopped by here by chance in the late evening wanting to try their famous hotdogs. Who can turn down a good hotdog. The place doesn't look like anything special for the location (downtown philly). That didn't matter much, we all know you can get awesome food at a hole in the wall. The girl behind the counter was very helpful since this was my first time here. She told me what was popular. I went with the Coney classic (sauerkraut and spicy mustard) and the texas tommy (wrapped in bacon with cheese). The house fries came with one of my orders. Unfortunately the drink selection was limited to only soda. They were out of bottle water and ice tea. After sampling my order I thought there was nothing special about them for me to try this place again. The french fries did help to save my interest in this place. Another problem is you can get a better dog from one of the street vendors in the area for cheaper. Not to sure if I'll be a repeat customer