Good food, terrible seats that hurt your ass. Can't relax here. Other option is to sit on a wooden bench.... Not a fan.Delicious food! I had the mahi mahi salad and got free guac for checking in using Yelp.Placed an order at 8:15pm on a Friday night with an estimated delivery of 9:15pm. Food never showed up and tried calling before they closed at 10pm but had no answer. Would give less than one star if I could.This is a great place to go when you're in the mood for tacos and some drinks. The staff are always great for conversation and genuinely care that you have a great experience at Union Taco. 
They have a wide variety of tequila and craft beers. The guacamole is phenomenal and so are the brussel sprouts with chorizo mixed it. 
You really cannot go wrong with this place whether you're looking to sit at the bar or sit upstairs with a group or outside on a nice day.This is a great spot for outdoor seating in Manayunk! My husband and I stopped in last weekend while walking our dog on main street and decided to try out Union Taco. The bartender (young blonde girl, we didn't catch her name) greeted us as soon as we sat down with waters and menus, she even brought a bowl of water out for our dog without us having to ask her! We ordered the guac which came out extremely fast. The only reason I didn't give Union 4 stars is because when we ordered our delicious tacos (carnitas, fish, and traditional) they took almost 45 minutes to come out! The bartender apologized for the wait a few times and made sure our drinks were filled while we waited. We will def be back regardless of the long wait.Tacos are on really good, not skimping on the ingredients either.  The pulled pork torta was really good too, not dry at all. Lastly the friend corn is a must try.Being a California native where great authentic mexican food is around every corner, I was pleasantly surprised to find a good taco place in philly! I went for the first time yesterday afternoon for lunch. I ordered the steak plank taco as well as the chicken I also ordered the fish and Kobe beef taco for my boyfriend and topped it all off with the queso and chorizo cheese fries:) I'm in love with the steak plank taco! And my guy really loved the kobe beef. I'm actually going back today because I was thinking about them allll night! Fast service cool atmosphere overall great taco spot! A bit high for just one taco, but if your a true taco fan you'll spend it! Happy eating!!TACOS BE WILIN' YO. I picked up two from the front counter. He said "what chu want" I said "Two tacos, STAT". Cause I was hungry. 5 mins later tacos came out. I ate em. I said YOOOOOO. I paid and left. Overall the experience was good.First time at this place. Originally we could not decide if we wanted a table or sit at the bar. We were sat at a table that was unbalanced near a cold exit on the second floor. We asked if we could move to a booth it was no problem. Our server was great and our food was amazing. I just think that closing at 10p is a bit early for where it is located. Will be back thoughThe food was pretty darn good.  The service was a tad bit slow, but we weren't in that much of a rush so it was okay.  Our server was great - very friendly.  I finally got around to trying a Mexican Torta - I got the Pulled Pork Torta (Chipotle BBQ Mahon?, Avocado, Pepper Jack, Garlic Aioli).  While it was quite good, I wished for some more toppings - maybe something crunchy like onions or lettuce - the meat, cheese, avocado and aioli sort of melded together and became one, so it basically seemed just like a meat and bread sandwich.  Again, it was very good - just needed a bit of something else.  My youngest daughter had the Braised Chicken Torta (Queso Fresco, Crema, Avocado) but after tasting mine, she decided mine was better.  My old man and my older daughter both had burritos which they said were great.  Chips and pico were really good too.  Overall it was a nice visit.  My daughter goes to college right down the street, and we love Mexican food, so I'm sure we'll be back again sometime.To be completely upfront and honest, yes, the free taco they offered during their opening night may have slightly influenced my rating... but only because it was damn good.  
The old Caputo's is now Union Taco.  While Union doesn't serve the late night hours that Caputo's once did, the quality of food they offer is on par with the pizza joint I miss greatly.  Yes, main street is not short on Mexican options and $3 to $5 for a taco may seem pricey, but good food usually wins out.  They also have some unique tacos like Oxtail or Cactus.  I didn't stray to far from norm on my 1st trip, so can only recommend the Traditional and Fish tacos at this point.  I'll be back for more adventurous dinners in the near future.The ahi tuna was AMAZING! we had the cheesesteak, ox tail, Mahi mahi, and chorizo cheese fries. The service was great and we enjoyed the experience. Everything was great but no high chairs for our 1 year old. That was the only downside.Been here twice now, one time was take out and the other was dine-in.  The tacos are definitely good, but there's nothing too special about them.  I was very unimpressed with the chips and queso.  The chips are baked tortillas that I could easily make at home, very bland.  And the queso was watery and had very little flavor--almost like they took powdered cheese that you get with Easy Mac and mixed it with some water and very little seasoning. 
The waitresses are super friendly and helpful for dine-in!  
They have a $2 taco Tuesday special, but it only applies to a chef's choice taco so you won't know what the $2 taco is until you hear the specials from the waitress. 
If you're looking for a half-decent taco this place is pretty good, but you won't have the best taco of your life here.Yummmmmm. I had the trad taco, and was surprised by the amount of meat. I anticipated needing more than one taco, but one was actually perfect! (I'm a tiny person, btw) I think it could've used a bit more queso, but I really, really liked it anyway. I also ordered the strawberry habanero guac, and I was really good. I expected it to be a bit more spicy, but I was happy with it. I'm new to the Manayunk area, and I ordered this for delivery so I haven't been in their brick and mortar yet, but I was happy with the service and my food came 20 mins early. Nice!My work has ordered lunch from this restaurant a few times and the food is always delicious. They take tacos to a new level and they might look pricy but the taco is pretty big. I've tried 6 different dishes and rated them 1-5 below. 1 being lowest and 5 being the best. 
Chips w/ jalapeño queso 4... Needs to be spicier but is really good
Cuban torta 5. Delicious the way it is
Mahi mahi taco. 4 more fish would make it a 5
Cactus taco 5.. The cactus is pickled with jalapeños and it's phenomenal 
Braised chicken torta 4.... Too much chicken for the size of the bread
Roasted vegetable salad 5. No changes needed at all. And the salad is huge
Rice & beans w/ pork. 3.5 not enough pork and the cheese was very bland 
I will regularly be ordering lunch from Union Taco till I've tried everything and find my favorite.Ok I will give this place another shot sometime in the future because we did go the second day or was open so many of these issues will (hopefully) get worked out. The service was nice but extremely slow and food items came out one. by. one. Took an hour to get two tacos, guac and queso. The tacos were good but the tortillas looked and tasted store bought but overall good. The guac was very bland- no taste whatsoever. The chips were hot but found a hair. The queso was flavorful but extremely soupy. I was so excited for a Mexican place because who doesn't love cheap and delicious eats, but I was disappointed in this place. Hopefully though, it was opening week issues and the next time I go will be worth it.You want Mexican go to Taco Bell
If you want off the chart kick ass tacos and burritos go to union taco!!
I'm new to the area and love tacos
This place steps it up! The Ox tail taco!! Is the shitttttttttt!!!
The food is always fresh! And the best Mexican ever 
Highly recommend this place!Ordered the mahi mahi, braised chix, oxtail, and traditional taco and they were all great! My favorite was the chicken. Also ordered a chicken burrito, that was nothing special. The burrito had a lot of rice and beans, little chicken. But the chicken that was in the burrito tasted great. I would have given this place five stars but the burrito just didnt do it for me. This may be my new go-to taco joint :)Bring back Caputo's, please.
Tacos are grossly huge, with little flavor or toppings. I don't need half a pound of shredded chicken in a corn tortilla. 
Manayunk, why must you be cursed with such lame lunch options?Thanks for the shitty taco guys. Appreciate it. You should treat every customer who pays you money for food the same, even if it is delivery. I can say I was very disappointed after not having eaten for hours and it get this load of junk. Again, thanks. Well done.We were in Manayunk midday and needed a quick lunch.  As many people who frequent this area during the day know, this is not easy to find.  We stumbled upon Union Taco and headed inside.  The place was clean, decent atmosphere.  I saw a huge variety of hot sauces, which made me happy immediately.  Particularly, a selection of El Yucateco, some of my favorites.  There was also a huge variety of tacos on the board.  I couldn't decide what to try, so I stuck with standards to get a decent gauge of the place.
We ordered the chips and queso, traditional beef tacos, and fish tacos.  The chips and queso came immediately.  The chips were excellent.  They seemed to be hot, and house made.  They queso wasn't overly thick and had a great smoky flavor.  The tacos came out quickly after that.  They both came on a flour tortilla, which was kind of a relief.  I'm a big fan of good corn tortillas, but most corn tortillas are a disappointment.  The original taco was loaded with beef, pickled jalapenos, greens, pico, and that smoky queso.  They were absolutely delicious.  I haven't tasted a taco like this before.  It's definitely it's own animal.  It's like Philly meets Mexico, and it's one of those shameful blind dates you need google maps to get home from in the morning. The fish tacos were also excellent, simple, and fresh. Crispy fish, and the slaw almost had an Asian flavor.  
I'm very happy I found this place. I can't wait to try the other menu items that caught my eye: pork cheek taco, oxtail taco, cuban torta, short rib torta, etc.  It's difficult to get excited about going to lunch in this area.  So this place is a very welcome addition.Delicious and quick delivery with great prices. 
I would recommend them to anyone. Amazing!!!!Ordered the Chicken Taco Salad and was BEYOND disappointed. The chicken tasted like it came from a can...EWW.  The only other ingredients were a small amount of onions and queso fresco. They didn't even put salsa on it. Save your time and go to Chipotle people.Flabbergasted by how bad the service here was. The place is also borderline dirty and the staff downstairs we're laughing so loudly it was like they were having a private party. My meal actually never even arrived. After my partner finished eating I asked for it, but eventually I got tired of waiting and cancelled it. In case you're wondering I ordered a salad.Worst "Mexican food" in the city of Philadelphia.  Overpriced tacos, soggy undercooked quesadillas.  While I was waiting for my dismal food, the prep cook was making a batch of guacamole.  During this time I watched him stick his finger in to test it multiple times without washing it, as well as rubbing the sweat and snot off his face with the sleeves and front of his t shirt.  Disgusting place, no sanitation.  Threw my food out, didn't want food poisoning.Worst service we have had in months. Went on Saturday afternoon at 2:30pm. We surprisingly got a table out front because it wasn't overly busy. We thought it was odd that they would be open for lunch and not have their upstairs deck open ( was 75 degrees this Saturday).
The waiter thought he could memorize our order. Of course he messes up ours and the surrounding tables orders.  Drinks came out quick but not once did anyone ask us for a refill or another drink order.
We ordered the strawberry guac  and 8 tacos. The tacos came out after 55 minutes which surprised us because it wasn't busy. The guacamole was forgotten. We asked him for our order of guacamole and he brought the original. Before we could notice he was gone we noticed it was the wrong one . When he finally came back he told us it was out of stock. So they tried to pull a fast one on us and give plain without telling us. They didn't give us enough chips to finish our guacamole because half were smashed into pieces. So we asked for additional chips and they charged us $3 for them.
Took an additional 25 min to get the check which we had to go to the bar to close out because they never came back.
Won't be back until we hear consistent reviews. Food was excellent but the service was so bad it made it entirely not worth it.Not the most amazing tacos but certainly not bad.  The size of their tacos is pretty big.  I tried the traditional and mahi mahi.  The traditional was good,very flavorful.  I didn't like the mahi mahi all that much, it was a little bland for me. I also ordered the chips and queso. The chips were good but queso wasn't very tasty. Most of the menu is written on the board, there's also paper menu (print outs, looks a little cheap in my opinion).  They have a bunch of hot sauces set on the bar top but no small packets for the ones who do take out. 
The inside has some are seats, some tables for dine in.  There are also a few tables outside as well.Probably the best Mexican culinary experience I have had in a very long time.  The pork cheek torta was incredibly delightful. But don't miss the Mexican street corn!!! And if you have the room, you will want to try the rice and beans.   The waitstaff was awesome- he was friendly, attentive and communicative.   Love this place.  Will be back for sure.You are closed during operating hours? Sounds like a 1 dollar taco Tuesday day in manayunk!! Seriously got all excited and yall closed early. But I'll still give you three stars because I do like your food.Hate to give one star because I know there food is most likely really good but was never even given the chance to try anything last Friday when I went for lunch. Came in around noon and was sent upstairs by a waiter and found our own table. We sat for 10 minutes without even seeing a waiter or anyone. Seeing that other people around us were in the same predicament,my girlfriend & I got up and left. Has to be because they are new to this location.Hoping they get there service together because I would love to give there food a chanceUnion Taco is great. Not authentic Mexican at all - but they don't claim to be. Their chicken tacos are amazing and the burrito is the bomb. My girlfriend gets the taco salad and loves it. Usually order online for delivery. Service is usually quick and the food arrives at a good temp.Great food. Large portions. Fantastic value! Even has quite a few vegetarian options. Try the strawberry habanero salsa; it's to die for! My only complaint is that the food takes quite a while, but it's worth it!Wow! These freaking tacos were amazing. Was in Manayunk and needed to grab a quick bite to eat and wanted a taco. Couldn't ask for more.Quick delivery, great guac, huge burritos. Like, half for dinner now, half for lunch tomorrow (or breakfast :) ) sized burritos.Amazing oxtail tacos!! This is a super easy, convenient taco shop on Main with more or less traditional offerings. The mahi mahi tacos are fine, but got a little watery (maybe too much salsa?). The beans and rice are flavorful and remind more of some great dirty rice I've had living in the South. Great spice, huge portion (enough for 2), but a little greasy.
This place is definitely worth a shot. I'll definitely return :)They are open late night with a limited menu. Pork and fried cactus tacos were both good, but the cheese fries. Oh man. Get them. They give you a lot, and they're slightly spicy and the cheese is a bit fancier than typical cheese whiz, but it's still liquid cheese. Definitely go here.Friends and I were walking around town and stumbled upon this restaurant. It was around 1:30pm so it was pretty empty. We ordered a pitcher of Sangria $20 for drinks. Tacos are $5 for 1 taco. I got the mahi mahi taco. My friend got the chicken burrito and pork tacos. Overall, the good was good. Not bad,not great. Service was okay, decent.I was visiting a friend in this area and they took me here for some Mexican food... I heard great things about it but then between the menu options and the quality of service neither my friends or I will ever return again. The waiter was rude and ignored us the whole time, plus he brought the food before he even brought us water and drinks. (Despite ordering the drinks at least 10 minutes before we ordered our food) Overall, I think you'd be better of going somewhere else on this Main Street for much better food and service.This was my first time there this past saturday.  When i got insode the bar was full so we asked the miserable girl at the takeout register if we could sit down to eat.  She told us 10 to 15 minute wait.  We waoted a half hour to see a group of people come in and seat themselves upstairs.  I went up to the manager and let him know how long we have been waiting and how they sat down themselves.  He was rude did not apologoze but sat us down.  I later apologized to the waiter telling him we did not want to seem like we were conplaining...he said that was the owner not the manager.  I was shocked that an owner wouls treat his customers so rudely.  Food was good thank god.  Service was awful from staff but our waiter was very nice.Worst tacos I've ever paid for, but the chorizo cheese fries were good.
I had a dry flavorless Al pastor and a dry mahi mahi.Really wanted to like this place but was very disappointed. I love guacamole and order it at every Mexican restaurant so I have tried a lot! The guacamole here was soo salty that we couldn't eat it. :( That wasn't a good start  to our meal. The food definitely took long time to come out, especially since I thought it was supposed to be a casual and quick place. I saw one man get up and complain about the wait while we were there. We got the short rib torta which lacked flavor and was very underwhelming. The pork taco was good though. Maybe you just need to stick to tacos here. Overall, the experience was not great so I am not running back just to try more tacos.Best burritos I've had in Philly. All the flavors are compacted and vegetables were seasoned thoroughly. Tasted fresh and authentic! Plus there is complementary water. About $9 for for a 5-6 inch, so a little pricey. Churros were good as well! Comes with chocolate sauce. Will try the tacos next time!The fish taco is BOMB! Plus I love a spot that gives chips and dip while I wait. I just wish the taco Tuesday specials were a little better.New location on Main Street couldn't wait to check it out.After a little peek around-up stairs My friend and I decided to order a drink at the bar downstairs We stood where there were open seats and prepared to sit The bar tender a female made eye contact and instead of coming over from the conversation she was having with someone at the other end of the bar  She said can I help you from where she was.I was like oh we have to go to her!?We order two drinks and said we would sit outside since she was so rude.Someone brought out our drinks and we never saw anyone again My friend got up and went inside for a menu.Again we sat No one came out.I didn't want to eat at this point but my friend was hungry she had to go inside to order.If this was the normal procedure wish they would of told us.Finally the barmaid came out said are you finish before we answered proceed to take the food and left the check She stood there waiting for us to pay -hello rude again.Needless to say not a good first impression!I hit up Union Taco in observance of Cinco de Mayo. In a world of Chipotles and Qdobas, I wanted my quick serve taco lunch to mean a little more. 
I was quickly able to place my order and pay at the counter. It took about 15-20 minutes for my two tacos to be prepared. I wasn't happy about the wait at the time, however they were busy and it means they actually put the effort into my preparation.
I went with the traditional kobe beef taco and the mahi mahi taco. They weren't the biggest and left me wanting more tacos. It's a shame I was back at my desk at that point and SOL. They were both tasty but a little too slathered in sauce. 
All and all I probably waited a little longer and got a little less food for my money than a fast food chain, but it was nice to have a semi-authentic taco experience.Love this place! Always good and its's BYOB..Quick, easy, order to go or eat in tacos! I had the pork cheek and seared flank and both were very delicious. Also BYOB is a big plus.  I will be back again!I've never reviewed a place I did not end up eating at and am usually totally against doing so but this is the exception.
If you close significantly early make sure you disable online ordering through Eat24, Grubhub, etc as it was a real inconvenience to get to Union Taco to find a sign saying we are closed after I had already successfully placed my order on Eat24 and been charged.  5 minutes later eat24 called me and let me know they couldn't get a hold of Union taco and asked if was okay to cancel my order from 30 minutes prior.I stumbled upon a show on the food network called taco something and I tuned in simply for my love of tacos. To my benefit it was an episode located in my hometown and I learned of a few places but this one I had to try. I went in and it was history from there. Friendly employees, fast service, and the quality is unmatched. I'm Puerto Rican and tacos are one of my favorites and I've never had better tacos than here. Not to mention EVERY time I stop in I have to have the chorizo cheese fries. The prices are the best. The food is the best. I moved from Philly to Pittsburgh and I think about Union Taco way more than I do cheesesteaks.... And that's saying a lot.Close to 5 stars- I rock a union burrito most of the time but they have a fantastic selection of tacos too. Clean, quick and Mexican character. Dig it!!This is my favorite place to come in Manayunk; however, my past few visits have not been up to par.  Staff has been very slow, forgetful, and unsure of exactly what's going on.  The food is always phenomenal, but if you don't mind getting up several times to summon your waitress, I suggest headed somewhere else for Taco Tuesday.  I liked this place just enough to write an article for a magazine on them; I'm just not pleased lately. Note to management: staff must be more attentive to guests!Love he traditional tacos but have not had anything that wowed me. 9 dollar burrito with chicken that is not grilled and seems like canned chicken. Better quality can be had elsewhere. The beef traditional taco has good flavor due to fresh side ingredients such as the pico. I want to give them more but of six menu items, I've found 1 that is worth it's price in terms of quality.Union Taco is my favorite place to get delivery from. 
The service is really quick if you go there, and the delivery is very quick as well. The tacos are good and the ingredients they use are cool and fancy. 
What really stands out is the guac. They have three varieties. One mixed with Pico de Gallo, one mixed with a strawberry habanero salsa, and a "chef's choice" (Regular guac). I've had all three, and I alternate between the Chef's Choice and the Habanero.Super GOOD!! I loved their pork tacos and the guacamole was to die for!!! I found the service very friendly and helpful. I'll definitely be back here.I was just at Union Taco, so excited to try out the new spot. I have never dined in the previous location but have heard good things about the food. My two friends and I went to Union Taco to try out the new place on a beautiful day hoping to get a table on the rooftop. We were greeted by a really nice host and we had about a 10 minute wait so we went to the bar and got a drink. The drinks at the bar were absolutely delicious. We got the traditional margaritas ($3) and the strawberry feugo ($10) which was so yummy. We were seated just as we finished up our first drinks and that's where the service went downhill. The ambiance and environment, food and drinks are great but the service was absolutely horrible. We were so excited to sit outside and drink margaritas but that mood was slowly killed as we waited at least 30-45 minutes to get our second round of drinks. We had to double the order after our third time of asking where our drinks were. The food came before we even got our second round of drinks. This was so disappointed as the food was amazing. We got the pico de gallo guacamole (great size for $7), an order of queso, and the chicken and pork carnitas Taco. The servings are very reasonable and very tasty. We noticed other people around us waiting to be served as well. The food was good enough to give the service another chance but other than that the experience was ok.Excellent food and definitely the best Mexican food spot on the Main Line. Would recommend anything from their a la carte selection of Tacos to their wide variety of  Tortas. Their Chorizo cheese fries were delicious as well. 
The staff was also very welcoming and helpful. Additionally, the atmosphere was laid back and casual. Can't wait to go back.My first and last experience at union taco. The waitress took forever to come greet, and that set the precedent for the meal. It is taco Tuesday, and I came in under the impression there was a chef's special selection of tacos for the day. In reality, it is one taco. Which would have been fine, but the website and online menu is misleading. The taco special was a cheeseburger taco, and yet it took three trips for the waitress to figure out exactly what was on it. Surprisingly, it included no cheese. Odd for a 'cheese' burger taco. The food took forever, and when it came out it was wrong. I had to wait 15 min while my food got cold for the side of guacamole I ordered. The taco special and the carnitas taco were dry,  and the mahi taco barely had anything but greens on it. If y0u are going to charge 5 dollars a taco, you should make sure it isn't sub par. Very disappointing.Super fast and friendly! Everything made fresh to order. Price can't be beat for the quality and serviceThis food is really good especially for the price. They have a new venue on main street that has a bar and it provides a fun friendly atmosphere for the customer. The chips and queso is excellent and my favorite taco is the flash fish or fried fish taco. It is much better in house than it is delivered so if you have the chance visit this place in person.I have to give this place a 5/5, 10/10, whatever this place is amazing. The food is A1 and it's reasonably priced just as well as the drinks. Everyone there is chilling no weird staff. You can go for happy hour or for drinks either way you'll have a good time! The cheese fries are a fucking must!!!!!! I have nothing bad to say about the place. They have a great drink selection and the drinks aren't watered down! One of my fav places on Main StreetI got the fish taco and the mushroom taco and both were delicious. The mushroom taco was very hearty and had bold flavors while the fish taco complemented with the cole slaw and ginger dressing was very light and refreshing. I went on a Tuesday at 9:30p so the wait was minimal for me, less than 10 minutes but I was quite surprised how tasty the tacos were!! My only thing is that the tacos are a little on the expensive side and you need at least two to fill you. Enjoy!!Food usually good but down hill since they tried to be a full bar. What's up with the queso lately? Super watery.First thing when we were seated they said they were out of guacamole and sangria. Um. Ok. You're a Mexican restaurant. How do you run out of those? Service was not good. Soda was flat so a nice waiter offered us bottled cokes, which was nice of him. But we never got napkins or silverware or water refills. Tacos were kinda bland. Cold. Not going back.My work has ordered lunch from this restaurant a few times and the food is always delicious. They take tacos to a new level and they might look pricy but the taco is pretty big. I've tried 6 different dishes and rated them 1-5 below. 1 being lowest and 5 being the best. 
Chips w/ jalapeño queso 4... Needs to be spicier but is really good
Cuban torta 5. Delicious the way it is
Mahi mahi taco. 4 more fish would make it a 5
Cactus taco 5.. The cactus is pickled with jalapeños and it's phenomenal 
Braised chicken torta 4.... Too much chicken for the size of the bread
Roasted vegetable salad 5. No changes needed at all. And the salad is huge
Rice & beans w/ pork. 3.5 not enough pork and the cheese was very bland 
I will regularly be ordering lunch from Union Taco till I've tried everything and find my favorite. 
UPDATE: after weeks of ordering 2 or more times a week there was an order that all 4 of us were disappointed with our meals. We contacted the manager and he not only made it right he personally delivered it to us. They appreciate their customers and work very hard to please everyone. I will be continuing to order from Union Taco, not just for the great food but also the excellent service.The only good thing about the experience I had here was that the food actually tasted really good.  But the terrible service was enough to make me never want to go back.  It was clear that our server was new to the job but as a fellow server, her actions were inexcusable.  To start off, my parties food came out in 10-minute intervals (mine being the last) so by the time my food got to me one of my friends was already done eating.  When we were all done eating, it took over an hour for us to receive our checks.  When our waitress originally tried to close out our checks, she asked to take our cards before even showing us a paper copy of our bills.  She took the first card, went to the computer, did whatever she did, and then sat the card down on the side stand AND WALKED AWAY.  She just left someone's credit card out in the open, unattended!  When we noticed this, my friend grabbed her card off of the side stand and when our waitress returned she did not even realize that the card had been taken from the side stand.  When we finally got paper checks from her, she took all of our cards, and when she returned we realized she completely mixed up all of our bills and charged us all the wrong amount.  Her excuse was "this is why we don't usually do split checks."  Well if that was the case, she should have said something when we asked for split checks before she took our order.   We asked to see the manager, who seemed very helpful and assured that we would all be completely refunded.  That was almost 3 weeks ago, and we were never refunded.  We have called the restaurant twice since then and spoke to the manager, but still, nothing has happened.  We ended up just sorting the money out ourselves since we were all charged drastically different bills.  It is such a shame that we received such poor service here because the food was amazing.  If I ever do decide to come here again, I will definitely be doing take-out.  Rant over :-)Stopped in here for some tacos, told the fish one was the best. Got taco, fish was burnt and told they don't have salsa but pico. Perhaps I got them at a bad time, not sure, but not coming back. I may try again, but burnt fish tacos is not my thing.Granted I just moved from Texas so I have high standards for my Mexican food, but these tacos were not the best. They are absolutely huge in comparison to any other taco place I've been to. I felt like they needed a bit more garnish and flavor.The food was delicious! The only reason I didn't put five stars was because the woman at the counter seemed a little inexperienced and truly BORED! She didn't ask if we wanted drinks, and when we tried to order them she said it was too late because she already totaled the order. She then said if we're thirsty they have water and lime for free and kind of brushed us off.
The runners were prompt and friendly! I got a pulled pork torta, my boyfriend had two pork carnitas tacos and a pork cheek al pastor taco, and we split the chorizo fries. Everything was delish! The bread of my sandwich was SO good! A little bit greasy, but not enough that it stopped me from eating it.  Everything was a lot less spicy than a expected, which is 100% fine with me (especially because of their variety of hot sauce bottles). We will for sure be returning! 
A quick side note: in the short time we were there, the delivery man came back to pick up more orders twice and Grubhub showed up to pick up for delivery, too. It made it seem like their delivery is pretty on point and they didn't waste any time.Love this place! I've seen some complaints about the price but these are a little bigger than the average food truck/taco stand size and have a lot more goin on with the ingredients.  I recommend cactus, wild mushroom, or oxtail.I had been wanting to try this place for some time. My desire to stay put and not venture into the cold night led to tonight being the night for deliciousness. To begin, I appreciate that this place doesn't jack up their prices for grub hub and they have a cheap delivery fee. My food arrived before the time window and was hot, which is saying quite a bit because it is like Hoth out. I started with chips and queso, chips were fresh and crisp, queso had just a hint of heat, portion size was more than I expected. I decided to try the seared steak and the traditional beef taco. What can I say, I had a craving for red meat. The traditional beef didn't wow me, so I left it in favor of the steak. Steak taco was awesome! Perfectly seasoned and cooked steak with great mix of beans and corn on top. It filled me up too! I would highly recommend if you are in the mood for some taco goodness.Overall, Union Taco was worth the visit. I wouldn't mind going back the next time I find myself in the area. Their tacos are definitely not authentic Mexican, but instead have a contemporary twist to them.
It was my first time in Manayunk (I had to run an errand) and I was pretty hungry so I decided to stop by Union Taco after hearing about it from someone else. I ordered the flash fried fish and carnitas tacos. It took about 7-10 min to bring out the two tacos, which is a bit longer than I would have expected for such a simple order. However, the tacos looked like they put a lot of care into preparing my food so that certainly made up for the few extra minutes I was left waiting.
The fried fish was very crispy while the inside was still very tender and moist. The sauce they drizzled on top of the taco was a bit sweet, similar to an oriental styled sauce. The fish was accompanied by a slaw/salad that filled the rest of the tortilla.
The carnitas was piled in the tortilla; so much so that it was on the verge of overflowing. This might bother some people, I was pleased to find that they didn't skimp on the good stuff. The flavors were definitely there, but the sweetness was a bit overpowering. In addition to the meat, they added in arugula, a slice of avocado, and a healthy dose of crema.Atmosphere and decor is nice, good place for drinks but skip the meal. Overpriced tacos without the taste. Tried a few things on the menu including chips and queso, mahi taco and the chicken taco. Was not pleased with anything except my cold Corona Light. Tacos were missing ingredients that were listed on menu and simply very bland. Was excited to try this place but unfortunately will not be returning for a meal.I've had two experiences here. The first experience was below average. Their margarita mix tasted like poison. This last time, The place only had four other customers in it. It took 23 minutes to get two tacos, one chicken and one fish. The people who came in after us got their food well before us. When we asked where our food was, we were told that the long wait was bc of delivery orders. Our table was dirty, the paper towel role was empty. The tacos were mediocre at best.So tacos are one of my favorite foods and I have eaten a lot of tacos in my life so I was very pleasantly surprised to taste these delicious tacos! Easily some of the best tacos I've ever had! I had the pork carnitas, the fish and the chicken and avocado and they were all incredible! I read some very mixed reviews so I was not expecting much but I was Definately blown away. My bf is not a taco-lover but agreed that they were exceptional and we are excited to go back here for lunch another day!Chill spot, didn't get food here but they do Tecate beer(Mexican) with a shot a tequila for $5, can't beat it. Roof top/out door seats as wellIncredible shredded pork tacos...the only complaint is the atmosphere is not the best ...everything I tried was delicious the flavor was on point...the chorizo fries were incredible as well...I want to go back for the oxtail taco...I have been looking for a review on said taco!Went Saturday night and it didn't seem too busy at all. Waited about a half order for drinks that never came. Never got to order food. A table behind us said they've been waiting about an hour for their food and they had to go to the bar themselves to get their drinks. So we just left. Waitress tried to hand us waters on the way out but was giving attitude while doing it.I have now been here two times ... one star is the average of both visits for two reasons: the food is good, and I can't give it a zero. 
First visit: it was when they recently opened their new location, so I chalked it up as "opening pains". They ran out of guacamole, the bartender/waitress was incredibly dismissive - hardly paying attention to the folks at the bar. The manager gave us guacamole after we had paid our bill and were getting up to leave, which was a nice gesture, but incredibly pointless. On top of that, they gave us the wrong check 3 times. It was for two people, not very crowded ... still wrong each time. 
Second trip - ok, let's give this another shot. Wife asks, "do you want to sit at the bar?" I probably should have said no when I saw who was working...but we did. And we sat there for a solid 5 minutes before the bartender (same as last time) came over to take our order. She put out order in, and magically, chips and salsa never got delivered. What was great about crappy service experience round 2 was that we got to witness food be delivered to the wrong table .. orders get messed up, and the people who sat down after us get their food before us. 
It's shocking to me that this place has anyone eat here based on the service that is the most horrific I've seen in a long time (#1 in manayunk). Worst case scenario, come here for free chips and salsa they will eventually bring you and comp because they initially forgot. Or maybe don't eat the bar and screw me for not knowing any better. 
Go to Feliz.Bring your own Margarita mix!!  
The food is very good the people are great. 
They need to understand they don't have a liquor license and therefore it's unreasonable to charge $7 PER GLASS for bottled margarita mix that has NO tequila in it.
I can go across the street and get a fabulous margarita that has tequila in it for $6!!  
They also have very limited ice for drinks. Literally you get 5 cubes per glass so the $7 alcohol free margarita isn't even cold. Kind of buzz kill when it's 90 degrees out.Literally one of the best pork burrito's that I've had in years!  I tried the chips and jalapeño cheese dipping sauce as well. The chips are fresh and seemed to be homemade. Cannot wait to go back and try the magi tacos that everyone was ordering.