Very tasty vege Chinese restaurant with a good selection of dim sum.  Tasteful, relaxing space with very friendly staff.Soooo happy this BYOB place opened up near me! Everyone I bring here loves it. The food is delicious and it's all vegetarian and kosher too! Great service and ambiance, and you can't beat the prices. Definitely check this place outI love Asian vegetarian food and I've been longing for a place like Unit Se Vege for a while. Food was tasty. Menu is extensive. Decor was fresh and modern. I personally like well light spaces, but they keep their lights more dim. I guess they follow the trend of dark restaurants. Glad it wasn't noisy. It had a very nice ambiance and relaxing atmosphere.  I will definitely be back. Happy to have this restaurant open and serving great vegetarian food.The food was kind of bland. The chow mein didn't taste like chow mein at all. I also got this tofu dish that just didn't taste like anything but had copious amounts of oil just spilled in over the mushrooms and tofu. The only thing I kind of liked was the hot and sour soup, but it wasn't like the best I have ever had. For context, I'm vegetarian and I have definitely had better food at other restaurants that have the same vegetarian concept as this one.Dim sum was very delicious. Vegetables were fresh and crunchy. Recommend the veggie spring rolls in the dim sum menu.
The mushroom black "fangus" soup was out of this world!I work close by and was so excited to see this place open. I got the Kung pao tofu lunch special today and I will absolutely be back! Food was hot, fresh and tasty and portion is really generous for under $10. My only comment would be could punch up the flavor just a bit, but otherwise so so excited to have this place in the neighborhood!amazing vegan dim sum! friendly staff, and  so many options to  try. I will come back.Awesome vegetarian food! Best Asian vegetarian restaurant in Philly by far. Quality of the food is fantastic and really fresh. Huge dim sum menu in addition to the standard entrees. Also have bubble tea.This place is fantastic. Some of the best veggie/vegan dim sum I've ever had! Friendly staff good ambiance and amazing food, what's there more to ask for!Excellent! Huge menu with large and diverse dim sum section perfect for grazing. Food was wonderful! Service great! Decor is modern and comfortable. Website says they are also kosher. Also inexpensive lunch specials. Highly recommended.Just wonderful . All Vegetarians ! Vegetarian beef Noodles soup , dim sum and  vegetarian Peking duck!
Six of us left pleased! Comfortable environment! Already planing next visits!Was at the PMA on a Saturday, wanted something different for lunch locally and spotted this place on Yelp. Lovely little place in a row of shops nearby the museums, unassuming outside, but cosy and inviting inside. Welcomed with a friendly greeting at the door and service remained same throughout lunch.
The dim sum menu is great, lots of choices and good sized, and didn't seem expensive to me. Six dishes and a pot of ginger tea for two came to just over $30.
Food itself was very tasty, we opted for a variety including: braised vegetables in a dark sauce; a crispy BBQ dish; sesame balls; steamed buns with black bean paste; cold sesame noodles (my fave); and something I missed the name of but was mushrooms wrapped in skins.
Recommend for friends, families, couples, old, young and everyone else I missed!Can't recommend more highly! We went in starving and ordered from the dim sum menu: sesame pancakes, sticky rice dumplings, "shrimp" dumplings, roast "pork" buns, seasonal greens, pickled cucumbers, and our absolute favorite, the bbq "meat" dish. Everything was really fresh, well prepared and seasoned, and the two of us barely finished it all, there was so much. All of their meat substitutes were a great texture and flavor. I often avoid them, but they're worth getting here. I'm looking forward to trying the rest of the menu, but I'd get anything we ate again! We also got vegan slushes with bubbles to go for dessert (but seriously considered getting an extra bbq dish instead), and they were also fresh and light, not too sweet.
Service was fast and attentive and the decor was clean, inviting, and peaceful. Telling everyone I know about this place! I wish it was a little closer to center city so I would go there more often, but it's worth a trip out of the way, no question. Can't wait to come back.I was so excited when I saw a vegetarian place open up in the Fairmount area; there's a lack of it in the neighborhood. My husband and I tried it this past weekend and we were not disappointed! I got the tofu and vegetable soup which was so soothing and flavorful. Next I got the Chow Mei Fun which was even more delicious. I'm gluten free as well and really appreciated that they had a separate gluten free menu! We finished the meal off with vegan soft serve because who can turn down ice cream? The service was great, the ambience was great, and the food was great. Can't wait to come back and try more!Delivery was good, but the food was very bland. I ordered three different dishes and they all were just awful to eat.This place definitely exceeded my expectations. I went here for the the first time and wow the food and the ambiance is perfect. The price is also just about right for the food and the portion size. The only complaint I had was the soup dumplings we ordered barely had any soup or flavor in them. Everything else we tried was delicious, from the bok choy to the noodles. Can't wait to go back!Amazing! Very original! Absolutely the best around the area. I don't even know if there's anything similar to this style around the area but Unit su vege definitely got my vote for the best vegetarian restaurant in town.I really enjoyed my overall experience here!! The Dim Sum portion of the menu was delicious. The seitan general tso and Peking style noodles were on point. Will definitely be back!Philly has an amazing food scene, but coming from NYC, I was REALLY missing vegetarian dim sum. Finally, here is Philly's answer to Manhattan's Buddha Bodai. I had the chance to try Unit Su Vege this weekend and it did not disappoint. The restaurant interior is modern and welcoming, and the staff were all great (service was very attentive without being overbearing-- A+). My husband and I ordered a variety of dim sum dishes and enjoyed everything, but I'd especially recommend the pumpkin croquettes. They were soft (mochi-like), crunchy, sweet and savory with a little bit of red bean in the middle... I kinda want some, like, RIGHT NOW. BBQ pork buns were great too. And I've never seen a place attempt vegetarian soup dumplings before, so bravo! I'm SO SO SO glad that this place exists and want to tell the world. Bonus-- A lot of their dishes are also vegan, with a "v" indication on the menu.We came here during a trip to Philadelphia. The food was average here. 
We tried the steamed soupy bun and it was not juicy enough. We also tried their clay pot tofu which was flavourful. For dessert, I ordered the cold chilled mango sago cream with pomelo (杨枝甘露) and it was nothing too special.Came here to try the vegan restaurant week deal and will definitely be back! The sesame seitan was delicious and May was a great server!We have been here several times in the last couple of weeks. We are a couple that love Asian food, I actually lived in China for about 4 months. Been to most of the Chinatown restaurants here in Philly, and was blown away by how good this place is. Super authentic, the family are originally from Fujian Province in China, and they really know how to cook. The son and his father work for 6 months on perfecting recipes and combining different cooking styles from the different China provinces. This, they have done before they opened the restaurant. And the quality of the food really reflects it! All vegetarian food, done in the most delicious and special way. Extremely aesthetic and beautiful restaurant, amazing service, and there are so many different options. would strongly recommend getting some of the appetizers such as the seaweed patties,  fried tofu with cashews, the ginger taro and others. From the main dishes, you really can't go wrong, but I would recommend at least one of the clay pots, in addition to one or two Chef specialities. they also have an excellent lunch menu as well.
 It is also very affordable, and overall in my opinion one of the best and most affordable Chinese restaurants in the Northeast of the United States.I am so excited that Unit Su Vege is within walking distance of my office. The staff is so warm and welcoming. The food is delicious and they deliver via GrubHub. They are definitely worth a try. And the lunch specials come with rice, soup and a spring roll. Enough food for two meals, for less than $10.00!Everything here was amazing. There are plenty of completely vegan items on the menu. The Dim Sum menu has perfect portions.
The Pan Fried Veggie Dumplings have really distinct and well-balanced flavors.
Scallion Pancakes were unique because they were fried and soft inside. Very good. 
Both the General Tso's Tofu and General Tso's Seitan are amazing. The sauce is the perfect balance of spicy and sweet. We asked for extra spicy and they delivered!
Another favorite is the Peking Style Noodles- also with extra spice. The dish includes tiny pieces of veggie meat mixed in so you're not overwhelmed with "fake" meat, but still have the right texture. 
We received great food and exceptional service all during their soft opening. We'll be eating in and taking out frequently. So exciting!!This place has earned a permanent place in our dinner rotation in Philly.  Food is great and the staff are some of the kindest and warmest in this city by far.
We order three things on the regular:  the Ebony and Ivory (mixed mushroom and bok choy dish with delicious sauce), the seasonal greens (usually Chinese broccoli with delicious sauce), and the General Tso's Tofu.  They never disappoint!!
What's also cool about this place is its dimsum and...  BOBA TEA!Very testing! Best of vegetarian restaurant in Philadelphia area. Unforgettable! I love it and will be come back!Best place ever best Chinese in Philadelphia. One of the best vegan restaurants! Love their noms!Unit Su Vege has tasty, fully vegetarian (mostly vegan) Chinese food. 
I had dinner with some friends, and let my foodie friend order for the group of us. We had mapo tofu (really delicious, though didn't have the Szechuan peppercorn numbing zing), green beans (fantastic), some kind of Chinese broccoli in a white sauce dish that was just fine, and a couple of orders of dumplings (soup dumplings and steamed dumplings - which, alas, tasted basically the same, but were both good). Prices and portion size were good, and they weren't busy at all on a weeknight evening. They have a nice variety of teas for $1 person, too.
The menu is huge, and if I lived in Philly I'd definitely be back to try more options.I am a vegetarian, and live across the street from Unit Su.  What a gret place for a variety of food that is vegetarian, but has items that taste and look like meat.  My favorite is duck, but I really love the VEG UDON! The veggies are super fresh and the different hot teas are great with the meal. Service and management are super engaged in making your experience perfect.I've tried so many veg/vegan restaurants and I'd have to say this spot is by farrrrrrr the best I have ever ever had. 
Everything that I ordered was amazing. Highly recommend the veg soup dumplings and the vegan pork buns...drool!!! 
Super clean business which you don't really come by with  Chinese restaurants and the servers were so nice!
Overall it just felt healthy, like I usually feel like so tired after Chinese food.Love love love. Great food. Great service. Food doesn't take a long time but tastes like it took all day to make. The portions are  huge and well priced. Favorite vegetarian place to eat in Philly hands down!One update - looks like they deliver but sadly not into Brewerytown where I live (only about a mile away). Please consider expanding your radius and I will absolutely order delivery!!
Original:
I work close by and was so excited to see this place open. I got the Kung pao tofu lunch special today and I will absolutely be back! Food was hot, fresh and tasty and portion is really generous for under $10. My only comment would be could punch up the flavor just a bit, but otherwise so so excited to have this place in the neighborhood.I've made my way through almost all the dim sum menu here and made a pretty good dent in the entree menu and I have to say that there isn't a single bad dish here. My favorite is the "beef" noodle soup since it reminds me of my family. The broth is so flavorful and deep, and the "beef" is so weirdly on point. Their dumplings and buns are also to die for.This is such a wonderful place for vegetarian or anybody loves good food. The dishes are tasty, healthy and good looking.AMAZING vegan option! Just wish they were in Utah!!! Almost everything I had was great. A couple items were okay, but still better than most places. I wish I were going back to Philadelphia soon so I could eat here!!!I absolutely LOVE this new vegetarian/vegan restaurant.  Upon entering, you are greeted by a pleasant and eager staff who are more than willing to review the menu with you.  There are two menus: one that contains pictures and details of each dish, and a two-sided paper version.  The paper menu allows diners to check off the dishes they'd like and the waitress will review your choices tableside before taking it to the kitchen.  The process is truly efficient.  The ambiance is comfortable.  I have been here twice and have not had to wait.  
The food is delicious and will make you forget that all of the options are either vegetarian or vegan.  So far I have tried and would recommend, the Eggplant and King Mushroom entree, General Tso "chicken" entree, Sesame Cold Noodles, and Rice Shumai.  Having had both the vegetarian and non-vegetarian/vegan versions of these dishes, I promise you cannot tell the difference. The seasoning and cook is spot on.
It can be a hassle to find parking at times but do not let that deter you from giving this new restaurant a try.  I cannot rave enough about the food here.I didn't think Philly needed another Kosher/Vegetarian Chinese food restaurant, but Unit Su Vege is a welcomed addition! I will have to get over the feeling of cheating on New Harmony and Su Xing, but Su Vege feels like a grown-up version of the originals and stands out with its modern decor and menu. The owners are extremely friendly and inviting. Great tea, incredible atmosphere and prompt service. Will definitely return!This is the best vegetarian and dim sum vegan brunch that I had ever tried. They also have fancy desserts and bubbles tea. Best services, nice and clean. Just love all the dishes that I orderedBeautiful ambiance, kind waitstaff, and delicious food. Freshly renovated to look modern boho-chic with a comfortable atmosphere. As a vegan, being greeted by their bountiful menu was almost as exciting as receiving the food we ordered. We ordered the pan fried vegetable dumplings, pork buns, soup dumplings, and sesame balls, and each thing ordered was better than the last. Wouldn't change a thing from this entire experience and will definitely be back for more!This is an excellent vegetarian restaurant. Fantastic food, big portions and tasty treats. Nice interior environment.  Overall it was a fantastic experience.This is my new favorite spot for vegetarian restaurant choice. I usually order spicy rice noodle soup, and it's really great. The restaurant is really near to my school. Love it.Terrific! The food was delicious and beautiful. What a comfortable dining hall as well. The wait staff was so attentive. It really was a pleasure to eat here, and they even took care to make sure that my toddler was comfortable as well. This is our go to Chinese place from now on. Welcome to Town!I had been craving yummy Chinese food for weeks, and since it's the New Year my resolution was to cut back on meat and meat products. So a friend and I decided to check out Unit Su Vege after I found them on yelp. We decided to go on a Saturday night around 7:30, place was semi busy so there was about a 10-15 minute wait for us to be seated. Service very fast and the food is very delicious. We ordered the pickled cucumbers, pan fried and steamed vegetable pot stickers as apps all were really good. For our entrees we tried the general tso seitan and the pineapple fried rice! The Seitan was amazingly crispy and the inside really resembled chicken!  No complaints and will definitely be returning.We have eaten here numerous times and done take out. The food is great. Service is fine. Great vegetarian food and so many great items. I cannot start without stopping my list.While we were excited to taste the food at this well reviewed restaurant, aside from the very fine servers, we were completely underwhelmed. The food was bland and poorly seasoned. We ate a variety of dishes and without exception they were tasteless.Food was great, the staff was very friendly and price was reasonable.This is the best vegetarian food in Philadelphia, and I will be there again.WOW!!!! I wish I could give it more than 5 stars. As a vegetarian it's a surprising breath of fresh air to go and be able to eat everything on a menu, especially asian food! I think the shining star of the entire experience is the dim sum section. Dim sum tends to be super meat oriented, it was so cool to be able to try all the things my friends are eating all the time. Even my friends who aren't vegetarians/vegans loved the food and really enjoyed the meal. We got 3 apps- vegetarian roast pork bun, fried vegetable balls, soup dumplings, all of them were fantastic! Also got the general tso tofu and eggplant tofu in garlic sauce. 
Overall, such an amazing amazing meal, i'll definitely be a regular customer there and be sure to bring all my friends/family.Great vegetarian and mostly vegan dim sum and entree menu. BYOB also! Owned by same family as Su Xing on Sansom.Not bad for a late night Chinese take out joint. I each with foods that we vegetarian instead of vegetarian versions of meat dishes. Order was ready quick after 9 pm.
Vegetarian fried rice was good. Tofu with vegetables was with brown sauce and veggies. Also good, but just because it's vegetarian food doesn't mean it's healthy. Must've been a good amount of sugar in the sauce to make it so tasty.
Would order pick up from here againAmazing service AND food! The grand opening deal was also awesome! And they even have bubble tea. All my favorite things in one place, definitely coming back :)Quite solid all way round. I ordered the mushroom strips that were blasting with flavor. Same goes with the other appetizers I ordered. The only thing I was disappointed with was the pineapple fried rice that I just didn't find that special. I was quite satisfied with everything else though.Despite eating everything under the sun - reducing consumption of animal products is something everyone should strive for. Unit su vege makes that easy as you truly don't miss the meat here.
Hits:
Singapore noodles - perfect! So tasty without inconsistently seasoned noodles seen elsewhere.
Veg feast (i think thats the name) - tofu, braised eggplant and string beans. Tofu was soft but had some bite, eggplant had a touch of sweetness to balance with the savory, crispy string beans. Excellent.
Veg dumplings - think of the best veg egg roll filling you've had stuffed in a well steamed dumpling. I enjoyed this much more than mystery meat dumplings from other places.
Misses:
Hot and sour soup - corn starchy but acceptable. Can be doctored on the stove a bit to make it pretty good, if you, like me MUST have hot and sour.
Kung Pao Tofu - surprisingly bland with suboptimally flavored tofu. Will pass next time.
We are excited to try some Seitan and more greens offerings soon. Visit this place so it stays open!Sesame seitan was the only decent thing. Pineapple rice wasn't fully cooked,
Noodles had no flavor. Soup and Chinese pancake were below average.
Very disappointedWalked here from Franklin Institute for lunch and were quite pleased. Had the homestyle bean curd and hot and spicey soup for lunch special. Was a clean, pleasant atmosphere with friendly service. Will make this my museum visit lunch place for now on.Tried their Protein rib steak. What I expected from a Chinese vegetarian restaurant. Go good with pearl milk teaLove love love this place! Since the pandemic has me spending so much time at home, it has become a go-to place for great vegan food! The taste and quality has been consistently delicious.This is delicious. So amazing. Such reasonable prices. I will never forget about this place. I may spend all my money on it but I don't care. Absolutely PHENOMENAL vegan dishes I haven't been able to have since before I went vegan.SO GOOD
I have so many great things to say about this restaurant -
1. Nearly everything is vegan, and all of it is vegetarian.
2. Prices are very reasonable, especially for how big the portions are.
3. Service was quick, clean, and our waitress was so kind and helpful (made amazing recommendations!)
4. Simple parking if u have a car.
5. And most importantly, delicious food.
I seriously recommend everyone come to this place for some great Chinese dishes and dim sum, I promise it will not disappoint!
We got fried cashew tofu, sesame noodles, DIY "pork" bao buns, scallion pancakes, bbq seitan skewers, steamed veg dumplings, soup dumplings, "pork" buns, shumai dumplings, and bbq roast "meat".
My faves were 1. The bao buns, 2. The seitan skewers, and 3. The sesame noodles. But literally EVERYTHING was awesome :)
I will most certainly become a regular at this place!Really delicious vegan Chinese.  I get the general tsos "chikn " , the scallion pancakes and veg dumplings .  All delicious.  Top this off with a tarp coconut shake -  really good!  I go here oftenI ordered smaller dishes to share and they were all great. Also ordered tea for a $1 per person. Very affordable, tasty, vegan food! Great service as well. Will definitely be back.Amazing place for all vegan options. It's consistent and extremely delicious. When I'm looking for a cheat meal I always get load of items. The vegan shrimp dumplings are amazing.This is a great Vegan place! I am so lucky I live so close by. We have gotten takeout from here many times and are a huge fan of the General Tsos Tofu. We ate there on one Sunday night and the place was pretty busy and service was a little slow but the food was great and even better when it was hot out of the chicken. Definitely will keep ordering from this place especially since we are trying to become more vegan/vegetarian.This place is the holy grail. Endless vegan/vegetarian menu items. I used to be a meat eater and LOVED dim sum when I was a kid. Once I switched to vegetarianism, I thought my dim sum days were over. But this place has found a way to recreate some of my favorite dishes as a kid! From the crispy hoisin duck buns to the veggie shumai to the "shrimp" dumplings to the rice rolls with veggie ham and spinach - everything is delicious. Even if you aren't vegan/vegetarian, it's just really good Chinese food!I don't know where to begin,
It started when we walked in;
The food, no meats therein,
The flavors, so great within;
I repeat, nothing came from a skin,
9/10 would go again.I'm not vegetarian, but I order take out from here all the time. Do not let the fact that it's a vegetarian restaurant intimidate you. The food is super flavorful and the portions are generous. Try the pumpking tart for dessert.I'm an enthusiastic meat lover, but this place convinced me that if I were to ever go vegetarian it wouldn't be all so bad. Absolutely delicious and filling!This place is incredible! Would highly recommend to everyone to try, whether you are vegetarian or not. I ordered online and pickup was ready in 20 minutes.
I ordered the beef noodle soup, which is a must try. The broth is so flavorful and has a spicy kick, with a variety of veggies and some of the imitation beef. The noodles were thin and the perfect texture. I had mine with some black vinegar and it was delicious!
I also tried the peking duck platter, as I was curious as to how it would be executed. The pieces of "duck" we're very flavorful, and a bit crispy on the edges. With the bao buns, cucumber, scallions and sauce, it did well in emulating the flavors of the original dish. I really enjoyed it.
I'm definitely going to try some of the other items here and I can't wait!Food was decent, but not colored people friendly. We came in with barely any greeting, the guy got angry because we asked if BYOB Was llegitmate then got agitated and blurted out "I'm not your waiter" About 20 minutes in we finally get greeted by the waiter (who was actually cleaning wondering Around and talking withh guest avoiding eye contact with us) we received  our food 15 minutes apart (so my dad would get his food then 5 minutes  my brothers food and so on) they refused to make eye contact with us  or even talk. "Vegan " items on tHe menu say they are but they really aren't. I had to run up to the lady because she kept ignoring me and avoiding eye contact. I would never come back here the customer service was terrible. I told her thank you and she just stared at me and glared.We came here on a Wednesday evening and the restaurant only had about 3-4 tables filled. There was only one waitress serving the whole restaurant. The majority of the menu is vegan and some are vegetarian. Luckily, the menu is clearly marked.
We ordered a bunch of appetizers and 1 entree. We ordered the veg pork buns, soup dumplings, veg shrimp dumplings, steamed taro dumplings, pumpkin tarts, scallion pancakes, and bean sprouts dumplings. We ordered the Ebony & Ivory as our entree.
The appetizers were okay in my opinion. The scallion pancakes were my favorite, they were crispy and salty. All of the dumplings either lacked in flavor or had a strange taste. I didn't like the pumpkin tart because they were immensely fried and lacked in filling. 
The Ebony and Ivory entree was pretty good but simple. It was shiitake & enoki mushrooms with celery and bok choi. It was served with brown rice. It was basically just vegetables in a light sauce but I could appreciate it. 
We came here because New Harmony is was closed for the day but honestly I would prefer New Harmony...Ordered the pineapple fried rice, which is prominently featured on the website. Did not come with any pineapples. When I called, they said you only get pineapples if you dine in (which is no longer possible). Also ordered General Tsos Tofu that came with no rice or veggies - just tofu. Peking Duck was super dried up. Do not order from this place. I spent $50 on food that I could have easier acquired for $25 at a different Chinese restaurant.I think I'm in trouble. This is the first time I've been this excited about a Chinese restaurant since I visited a restaurant in Shanghai many years ago. I was addicted after my first visit here, and I've already been back twice in the same week! Yes, this is a vegetarian restaurant with some vegan options, but you don't need to be either one of those to appreciate the tasty treats they are serving here.  However, for me it is nice to be able to order whatever I want and not worry about ending up with pork. The menu is divided into Dim Sum and appetizers, entrees (homestyle and specialty), and finally drinks and dessert. Everything is good, but the Dim Sum/Appetizers and Soup is where Unit Su Vege Really shines. 
Before you even get to the food, for a $1 per person, you can have a pot of tea to share with your meal. What's exciting is it's not just generic hot tea! They have about 8-10 varieties to choose from. I've had the Puer, Blue Eyes, and Lung Ching. The Puer was probably my favorite, but I like strong flavors. Blue Eyes is a fruit based tea that tastes kind of like hibiscus with no caffeine, and Lung Ching is a type of green tea. If you're looking for a cold drink, the kumquat and lemon green tea is hands down the best kumquat tea I've had, and yes, strangely I've had a lot of kumquat tea. The kumquat, lemon, and orange are freshly squeezed into the tea. It is an incredibly balanced and refreshing drink. 
The fungus and mushroom soup is highly addictive. It's got the perfect amount of acidity (perhaps from black vinegar?) and deep mushroom depth. I could make a meal out of this. Get the large bowl to share with you and one to two other people to start. The hot and sour soup is also tasty and peppery is fungus isn't your thing. 
Then add 4-5 items to your order from the Dim Sum/appetizer page. You will be full and happy. I've tried several things now. You can't go wrong, but here are some highlights:
* Taro Cake - Like a potato cake on steroids. So crispy outside with dense and creamy carb goodness inside. Yum! 
* Sesame Bun - Two large steamed wheat dough filled with lightly sweetened sesame paste. 
* Fried Scallops - Strangely these taste scallop like and are crispy outside, tender inside, and covered with a sweet/savory sauce. 
* Fried Pumpkin Croquettes with Red Bean Filling - Perfectly fried and slightly sweet, with a roughly mochi-like inside, soft filling in the middle, and super crispy outside. 
In my third visit I ordered a sizzling fried tofu platter. The taste was good and it came out hot, but certainly not sizzling. The sauce tasted like it was composed of Sichuan broad bean paste, ginger, and soy. I haven't tried other entrees, so I can't say how they compare. It didn't have me hooked like the small bites though. 
My only complaint is that parking can be difficult as it is all on the street. That can't be helped though, and it's worth taking the time to scope out a spot for this deliciousness! The dining room is modern and classy. Service is prompt, friendly, and helpful. Every time I leave I think about the next time I can return!Got takeout from here during covid. I don't eat pork and got super excited about a vegetarian dim sum place. Unfortunately the food was pretty bland. We got vegetable steamed buns, Singapore noodles, seasoned noodles, vegetable pot stickers and hot and sour soup. The soup was tangy and delicious, the Singapore noodles had some curry flavor but it was very one note, the filling in the vegetable pot sticks was abundant and well cooked but unfortunately lacked seasoning. I feel like I would want to eat in and see what the waiter recommends before writing this vegetarian friendly gem off.Lovely dinner here. The vibe is relaxing, the service was relatively fast, and the food was absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the eggplant tofu garlic sauce!Excellent vegan/vegetarian food.  We ordered the hot and sour soup, the steamed shrimp dumplings, scallion pancake, and the clay pot vegetarian beef chunk stew.  My boyfriend and I both eat meat so and were blown away at how savory and delicious the beef chunk dish was.  The only thing I didn't love was that scallion pancakes weren't great.  Usually scallion pancakes are fried with a crispy outside and soft inside. These seemed like they were baked and were too crunchy. I wouldn't recommend ordering.  The shrimp dumplings were awesome.  They definitely taste and texture of shrimp.I went there the other day.  I order the Vege Kung Pao chicken buns and hot and sour soup.  My friend order a hot pot.  The hot and sour soup was very good, but the buns weren't very filled and they were dry.  The hot pot was okay, but somewhat blah in taste.  The dinner didn't blow me away, but I will order from them again and try some other things.Probably somewhere between a 3 and 4? Mostly loved the food but really appreciated the idea behind the place. 
Massive menu with a myriad of vegetarian options and vegan options as well. Everything looks and sounds delicious. Had some vegetarian roast pork buns as an appetizer which were excellent. Then had the golden rings for an entre. A great idea of little tubes of dough stuffed with potatoes and carrots that almost looked like shrimp. Nice and crispy. Problem was the sauce was thick and heavy and started soaking through the otherwise delicious little rings and made them soggy. Also it was marked as spicy but wasn't really spicy at all. Kind of the same problem with the general tso tofu. Covered in a thick heavy sauce which wasn't super spicy. The tofu was again cooked very nicely but was a bit too thick and hard to cut. Came with delicious broccoli. Also had the chow mei fun. Asked for it spicy and it wasn't necessarily that spicy either. Otherwise was solid. 
Service was OK - a bit slow to take our order and to bring the check. Nice expansive restaurant with good decorations. 
Overall really like the idea of a purely vegetarian Chinese place and most of their ideas are great with lots of interesting vegetables on the menu. Problem is it seemed a bit bland/lacking in spice even when the menu said otherwise, and at least the dishes we got were soaked in sauce that was heavy, made things soggy, and detracted from what the main part of the dish was. Might go back and try out some of the other dishes, and its probably with a try if you're looking for vegetarian and vegan food.From the second we walked in we were greeted in a friendly manner. The whole staff was great, great service, and super helpful when it came to giving suggestions. 
We got there pretty late, right before 10pm so it was quiet. There were 3 tables total including ours.
We ordered hot sour soup, spring rolls, vegetable soup dumplings, fried veg balls, pineapple fried rice, and stir fried ho fun. Everything was great! Hot sour soup is my favorite soup and this place didn't disappoint. My boyfriend had the spring rolls and he said he really enjoyed them. It was our first time eating soup dumplings and the dough "wrapper" was thicker than I thought it would be, but maybe that's just how soup dumplings are to hold in the soup? It was still good though, it was flavorful. The fried veg balls were surprisingly better than I thought they would be. It was perfectly crispy on the outside and a nice doughy consistency inside. The pineapple fried rice was good, but warning it is sweet. They used a sticky rice and the texture was perfect! It also does look exactly like the picture on the menu. Lastly the stir fried ho fun was delicious. I usually get beef chow fun without the beef, so to have a vegetarian version with mushrooms was pretty exciting. I got it without the vegetarian ham so they added more mushrooms in for me! The tea is also worth getting. For $1 a person it was a nice addition to our meal. We both had the jasmine green tea. 
Overall we enjoyed our dinner here and would definitely recommend/come back! Also last thing to note, we were pretty full afterwards, but this Chinese food didn't make us feel gross like normal Chinese food does.Oh my god!  I cannot even begin to put into words how amazingly delicious the food was I had for lunch. I am not a vegetarian or a vegan but after eating the sesame seitan I do not think I can ever eat meat again. The seitan was light and full of flavor. We also ordered scallion pancakes, general tso seitan and tiramisu for dessert. 
The dinning room is beautiful and the staff wonderfully warm, welcoming and very accommodating. Though I did not eat in since I was grabbing lunch at work, i looked at the menu and am already making plans to eat my way through the menu.Perfection.  Beautiful, tasty, healthy food; friendly professional service; elegant surroundings; attractively arranged food on pretty plates. Will be our go-to restaurant when we are in the Art Museum area. How refreshing for us vegetarians to find a menu where we can choose anything at all.  
I loved the steamed Chinese barbecue bun and the 'steak' with pepper sauce. Wish I had the recipes.Vegan is not my thing. But Unit Su Vege does an excellent job keeping chinese food exciting and tasty. I felt so much better after eating food from unit su vege than I usually do after eating chinese food. The food was so fresh and the portions were nicely sized. I was extremely full after this meal. I cannot wait to go back!