Girlfriend (cpa) got their "cpa" and liked it. Me bring a huge GOT fan got the "white walker" both were good as were the pizzas!At the recommendation of Samantha we tried the whipped ricotta with sour dough bread. OMG, so delicious, along with the wings (not very spicy), asparagus & portobello, pizza and various tasting sized brews. A great outing. 
Very attentive service. 
Clean venue 
All around an enjoyable outing.Food- C+
Beer- B-
Atmosphere- C
Service- B
Went to Urban Village per request from a member of my group of friends to check it out after a month of their opening. It is pretty clear that they are still getting over a learning curve. We were seated outside and our waiter, while very polite, was overall not attentive and not knowledgeable of the menu. He was helpful with the beer selection though, so a plus there. In addition the lighting outside on the porch was just pitiful going into the sunset. You can't see anyone. Aim for a spot inside the restaurant if you are arriving at night. Great bathrooms though, very clean.
We all ordered some variant of the pizza just to try them all out. Out of 7 pies that we ordered, I really only liked 1, maybe two of them and even so, they were mostly dough and barely any cheese or toppings on them. For the price tag of around $12-14 a pie, that was really disappointing. Maybe the other food is better, but I cannot comment on that and only through my experience.
The beer itself was good, but I've had better from other brewpubs in the city at cheaper prices as well. Most of the beers are pretty entry-level if you are a craft beer lover, so nothing exciting.
Overall it was nice to try out the place, I don't go to NoLibs often so it is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, but I don't think I will be returning for the food, maybe for 1-2 beers if I am getting ready to go out somewhere. However if it is too crowded I will be looking elsewhere as it is not worth any wait.Nowadays we have so many places we can go into to pass time or to have a meeting with a long lost friend or business meeting, from my last experiment at this location I was impressed with seeing a gentleman a part of the staff with a long beard and the amount of multi tasking, he helped me with a question and recommendations I had about a drink and food choice for the experience while being able to fully continue the work he was assigned or is daily assigned. Thanks again big beard gentleman (will get name when I am there again) and to the experience and company. Thank you for both of your time.I really wanted to like Urban Village but my visits left me slightly disappointed. It was very crowded because of the basketball. We quickly got seated but it was confusing because there were a lot of empty tables that for some reason we were not allowed to sit...(they didnt  seem reserved). 
Most importantly, we were not very impressed with the beers my first visit and the same holds for the second visit. My friend and I sampled all the of the beers and overall all the beers seemed unnecessarily bitter (I admit I am biased and am not in love with overtly bitter beers) and lacking in flavor. I don't think any of the beers tasted like the description listed. I did enjoy their malt whiskey beer (?) -- it actually tasted more like a mixed drink than a beer. All in all, the beers paled compared to nearby breweries like Evil Genius and St Benjamins.  
Their Rose pizza was delicious but the fries were left in the fryer for too long and not seasoned at all. Also, the beer cheese sauce addition was 2 dollars! which seemed like a bit much....Happy hour deal probably the best in the city.. just stopped by to check it out and then left satisfied. Will def be back for happy hour!!!So glad Urban Village took our reservation for 10 people for Father's Day lunch! It was the perfect place for a big group with different tastes. Some of our favorites included the Wildey Wheat, black IPA, rye IPA, Kelly pizza, village salad, and shaved salad.
Special shout out to our wonderful server Erica, especially for carrying over countless 4 oz testers (we loved this option to be able to try several beers each). We'll definitely be back!Tried this place for the first time and I liked it. They have a good deal on beers for happy hour for sure which I liked. I really liked the wildey beer they had. The place was pretty busy when we went and it was a bit of a wait but we got a seat at the bar and the bartenders were really nice. Also ordered the calamari and beer cheese fries and they were really good. Calamari tasted fresh and wasn't weird and chewy like some places. Was a little annoyed because a waitress basically told us to get out of the way because some of the people I was with had to stand. The place was jam packed so I'm not sure where she expected us to go and we weren't taking up the much space but whatever. The rest of the people there were really nice and helpful with questions about the beers and stuff. Def recommend checking it out tho. Especially in the summer. Great outside seating area.Ordered the trout sandwich and didn't really know what to expect. It ended up being one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life. So good that I'm writing a Yelp review about it, which is not typical for me. Absolutely delicious. Also ordered The Butcher (cocktail) which was very good as well. Highly recommend.We came here on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was busy but we managed to get a table outdoors. They have board games which you can take outdoors and play at your table. They have beer flight selection for $2/4oz. We ordered 5 each. They have some very good selection. We liked Tropical Thunder, CPA, Wrong way and MeTime. They keep introducing new flavors. We also ordered chicken sandwich which came with a side of fries. The sandwich was good but the fries were really very good -thin and crispy. The service was also very prompt and courteous. We got seating near the fireplace and had a very good time. Overall very good experience. I would recommend this place for evening dates by the fireplace or morning chill out brunches.
Note: They have happy hours Mon-Fri with $1.5 flights and $10 pizzas. Will definitely try their happy hour and review it.Yum yum. Interesting delicious dishes, great fresh unique salads, great location, and fun beer flightsGreat beers good pizza and live music.  Outdoor patio also allows dogs which is definitely a plus.Venue: clean, large, with indoor and outdoor seating. Plenty of room for large and small groups. Even areas with a pretty romantic vibe.
Service: horrendous. Our server literally hated her life or her job. She came out to "greet" us and already was annoyed that she was about to serve 13 people who would've tipped her more than 20% had she showed some enjoyment out of her job. She only got 20% because of that reason. She was miserable, we don't even know why, we paid with 1 card, we all ordered all at once. We only asked for additional beers, it was the easiest table to serve. I just can't imagine why she is working in the service industry when she clearly does not enjoy it. Hurts the company and restaurant. Nonetheless, this is about the food more than the service. Just had to mention it though.
Prices: over the top pricey. Drinks to food, small portions, barely any alcohol in the mixed drinks. Just poor choice in costs when it comes to such poor qualities. Although the pizzas were enjoyed by everyone around the table, but the other ancillary dishes were subpar, the poutine, not with poutine cheese. The wings were bland.
Beers: pricey, but again, had plenty of selection so everyone eventually found their top choice. $2 tiny tiny flights. There are many other breweries in the area that have better pricing and beer selection.
I will say we ended up sitting outside in the humidity even though there were 3 large tables inside that had no one sitting at them. They refused to let us sit there, by the time we left, 2 of those tables were still empty and remained open. I don't understand their thinking behind refusing us. We were a mix of all ethnicities and everyone was dressed well, so I don't know how they judged us to stick us outside rather than let us opt for the inside table.
Unfortunately, it was such a poor experience, will not be back. Hope for future customers to beware and proceed with caution. Happy eating and drinking!Food was very good and fast. Great bar if you like beer if you are looking for a cocktail not a good spot. Very nice neighbourhood and cute buildingYou gotta go there for the wings!!! Try the mussels too. Great atmosphere to hang out with bunch of friendsSuper friendly staff. They brew a variety of really good craft beer. The menu is a bit limited, but has something for everyone. The food was very tasty and used some high end ingredients for affordable prices.I like this place but it's really frustrating me that the pizza has so much untapped potential if someone would just work on replacing the sauce! Another reviewer said it best in that the sauce here is very "soup-y" and bland (my 2 cents).  It completely takes away from how good this pizza really could be. I wanted to start a petition for new sauce but I'm lazy so this review will have to do! (OOOO ooohhhh... So random but maybe it could be a customer contest and the winner gets free beer/pizza for the year - AND if this idea is used then I also need free beer/pizza for the year too got it? Mmm hmm kayyy thanks!) 
...Or scrap that plan and just use Prego dammit! I mean anything but what y'all using now! Lol 
All jokes aside, I like it here. Affordable prices, nice atmosphere, friendly service and pretty good beer. Just needs to work on the sauc... ok, ok I won't get into that again! But you get the point!Everything here is always consistently really good!
The pizza is probably hands down best in this city. 
Tonight's special "chicken Pot Pie"! I've never had one this good before! It was Fantastic!
And lastly (the best for last) the owner and entire staff are great!I've been here a few times now. I'll be honest. I'm caught somewhere between beer nerd from that one commercial with Danny Trejo and "I still won't drink Bud Light." I'm no expert, but I know enough about beer.
The more beers I try, the less great they become. I loved Sofa King, but all the others are just kind of okay to me. Also, I want to note that when they kick (run out of) beers, they weren't replaced with anything, so there were just fewer options on the menu. I really wish they had "backups" ready to take their places because, of the fewer options they had this last time, I wasn't thrilled with any of them. Of course, the ones they ran out of were the ones I wanted to try. 
I understand they are small, but they can't be that small (to not be able to produce beers to replace the kicked ones) because they have canned a few beers and were able to make enough to have them distributed to the suburbs.
The only food I've had here is the beer batter fried pickles, which were good. I'd come back if I were in the area, but I'm not gonna make a special trip again.I sat at the bar with a friend. We had a pizza and Caesar salad. Service was not great -- bartender left to eat as we were finishing our meal so we had to track down check. Food was good, though, and the bar has a cool atmosphere!What I want to stress the most is how good the Brussel Sprouts are, coming from someone who thought I hated brussel sprouts. So good. I've gotten them three times and they've been consistently delicious. I just want to stress how good they are since I haven't seen anyone else mention them in the reviews. Good place to watch games and have some beers and brussel sprouts.  Best beer I've had from here so far was called "The Juice is Loose" which was a limited run, I hope they bring that back. 
Brussel Sprouts!Food was pretty good! We got fried pickles and the Samantha pizza. Not sure if I would go back to eat but definitely would go back to drink!I wanted this place to be good so badly. It ended up being the worst dining experience I've ever had in Northern Liberties. The beer was ok, but it ended up not even being the beer I ordered. The food was awful, and the server didn't bat an eye when we only took a few bites out of our food and didn't ask for boxes.This place is pretty good.  The pizzas are very good -- crust is on point, not overly saucy or cheesy.  I'd appreciate more vegetarian options, on both the pizza and the apps menus.  The beer is pretty solid as well, although on my second visit, the selection seemed a little uninspired -- nothing too creative, nothing sour/funky.  Rye Bread is good and somewhat interesting.  Ambiance is decent.  Bar chairs are a little big and clunky, and it was difficult to fully hear our 3-person conversation, but seating is ample and servers are friendly.  Outside tables with firepits are a nice addition.  Glad this place has come to the Piazza.Good place, good beer, good food, good music, good service (Kelly)!! 
Highlights: homemade fresh bread, tender amazing brisket, delicious salads, tasty stout, good IPA. Highly recommend!This place is awesome! We came here for an afterparty following my sister's wedding. Coordinating to organize the event with Tom was super easy. Night of, we had way more people than we originally estimated, but the staff was friendly and accommodating, setting up extra space for our party, and the service was efficient--everyone quickly had either a drink or water.
We ordered a ton of pizzas ahead of time and they were a big hit -- the butternut squash and brisket pizzas in particular were popular. Plus, there was a great beer selection. I'd definitely come back here, both for the food and for the great service. Great ending to a great night!Went here for the first time last week and was very very pleased. It's a small menu, but there are plenty of delicious items. We started with the truffle fries because we got there during happy hour and they were FANTASTIC and filling.... we both couldn't finish our meals, but it made for delicious leftovers.Great spot with beers, cocktails and wine. Ordered the Becca pizza. Yummy! 
Also grab a card/board game from the front!I will start with the positive by saying that the rose pizza is the best thing I have eaten this month. I was skeptical that a pizza without cheese could be satisfying, but boy was I wrong. The crust was flavorful and chewy. The tomato sauce was sweet. The oregano was the perfect herb to give the pizza that something extra. Seriously, I was so surprised by how much I liked it.
The beer...not so much. Maybe I am spoiled. Maybe I am pretentious. But I did not like any of the beers. And yes, my eating companion and I did try them all. They all leaned bitter, even when the description did not suggest they would. Many of the options tasted like fall even though it is supposedly spring. It was disappointing.
If you are a foodie more than a beer fanatic, I think you would like Urban Village. Alas, "brewing" is in the name and I do not think they should get more than 3 stars for what they are producing. That pizza though...The place looks cool and you can sit outside but the food and service are god awful. We ordered our food then realize how many flies we're flying around  inside and got grossed out then promptly asked our waitress if we could cancel the order. She said they already started making it so they would give it to us to go. Not what I wanted.. but we took the L. The cheese on the pizza is like bubble gum, I almost choked to death trying to swallow it, I literally spit it out. There was an actual gnat in the Caesar salad. Go to el Camino across the street unless you want to be extremely mad for rest of the day.Went for lunch during a local event. I really liked the fact that the flights had six glasses so you can try a number of their beers.  I'll rate the beers later, but first the food. My wife and I both had the Bella which was a portobella mushroom sandwich with sun-dried tomato jam and arugula on sourdough bread. It also came with fries. Very tasty sandwich. I loved the jam and the french fries were nice and crispy.  The service was really great. Nice bartenders.
The beers (my wife also had a flight so we shared:
Beach Day - Belgium Blonde - Very enjoyable and great on a hot day 
Funny Farm - Farmhouse - Least favorite, very little flavor
Land Down Under - Hoppy Saison - Nice example of a saison, but not sure why they called it a hoppy.
Huntingdon Drive - IPA - Good IPA but nothing special
Wrong Way - New England IPA - Very good IPA
Rye Bread - Rye IPA - My favorite of the bunch. It's one of the first rye beers I've had that really tasted like rye. 
Liquid Courage - Belgium Strong - Good
Tropic Thunder Coconut Chili Porter - Ok, didn't get much of the coconut, but the heat from the habaneros was nice. 
The Juice is Loose - Cask Imperial IPA - Really good. Very citrusy and tasty
Oatis - Oatmeal Stout - Good
Overall a very good place and would love to go back.Awesome beer and the food is spectacular. I came here during lunch time and we had the following.
The Caesar salad is delicious, it has fresh anchovies and the croutons are substituted with crispy lardons. The pork belly sandwich (P.B.L.T) is delicious as well and they are super generous with the pork belly. You should definitely check this place out, you won't be disappointed.  The staff is spectacular, especially their bartender named Kelly. She was a total doll. 
Also, they have outside seating and you can bring your dog, a definite plus for me.Spent 50$ on takeout and threw it all away. Salad to complex wasn't sure what was food and what was a decoration ate some weird shit and the fries were stale as shit as well as the brisket tasted horrible. However great atmosphere and staff. Don't get take out tho. Eat in the food is complex and requires a trained pallet and an atmosphere that compliment that aesthetic.Great happy hour (5-7pm)! I came here by myself on a weeknight to try the beer and pizza. The Nectar is a great wheat beer and the Becca pizza was pretty good, which was recommended by the bartender. Service was wonderful. This is a great spot for happy hour and I'll definitely come again to try some of the other pizzas.Excellent food, beer, and service. The mussels are amazing with medium spicy sausage in the broth- delicious!Didn't have any food, but the beer list was great. Had something for everyone. The waiter was really nice, informative, and very aware of our needs. Saw The food and it looked awesome. We were only getting beers, but I will be back for foodThe beer selection is great but the staff could use a little personality. Also, the food is not the best. We ordered the heirloom tomatoes with toasted sourdough bread. The bread was not toasted. The fried cauliflower was spot on. Now we have been sitting here for 10 minutes waiting for a bartender to come back so we can get another drink and order the pizza. This place has a lot of potential but they need new staff and possibly management.Love this place. The fire pits and super size Jenga and other boards are a nice touch. Good pizza and really good gnocchi surprisingly ( although the one from the summer was WAY better, the one with the red sauce) now they have a creamy white sauce, which isn't my thing. It's heavy on the garlic, but it's good. The charred broccoli on it is really yummy as well. Beers are good! And I like the cider. Prices aren't bad and there's always a good crowd on any day of the week. Bar is always crowded for games, but the place is big so you can always find a spot at the bar or a table if notLove this place so much! The beers are all SO amazing and very reasonably priced.  Very diverse selection as well, and new ones are always in the works. The food was out of this world. We tried a little bit of everything, and everything that came out was more delicious than the next. Must try the beer mussels, and save your pizza crust to dip in the sauce! Got the Penelope and Becca pizzas, both perfectly crispy and delicious. The housemade pizza dough is amazing I have no idea how they make something so simple so delicious! And my favorite was the skate fish and chips. The fish was so fresh and flaky, perfectly cooked.
All around, great experience. Great for happy hour, dinner with the kids, girls night, date night, etc.  This place is great for everyone!I was really excited to meet my daughter here for "happy hour."  The vibe is really good and it's great to have this outdoor space in that area.  
However, how could a restaurant NOT include wine in the happy hour?  $10 for a glass of wine - no options - that was it.  So having 3 would be $30 ... just on the beverage ... for happy hour?
Made me sad!  Get with it!So this review will be based on opening night, and I understand they have a few kinks to iron out and such. UVBC has GREAT potential with it's location and atmosphere, so hoping in the future this review can be updated to reflect that:
The Good:
Atmosphere: This place is really, really nice and with the indoor/outdoor feel with the large patio doors, it's a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy the weather. You'll get all the ambiance of Northern Liberties in a high quality, aesthetically pleasing environment.Definitely geared toward a more millennial crowd but still a great place for families. 
Food: They had some creative food choices, and the prices were fair for the unique/ in house fresh ingredients. The "Olivia Pizza," which had octopus was bold and creative. Urban Village fries would be great for a game time meal as it's loaded with cheese sauce and brisket, yum! However there were some issues which will be discussed below. Value wise, the sandwiches are the way to go.
The Beer: Flavor-wise the beer was good, nothing to write home about and prices for a pint were reasonable. 
The Bad(ish):
Service: For a brew pub/restaurant this size, opening night was slightly above average crowd size wise but nothing overwhelming. However, the service was sub par. Found two seats at the bar, and sat down immediately. Wasn't greeted or acknowledge for 10-15 minutes. Other patrons were being haphazardly being served around us. Finally got our beer order in, then proceeded to take another 10 minutes for the bartender to acknowledge us for our food order  After we were finished with our food, it took close to 20 minutes for our plates to  removed and our check to be given to us. It's kind of awkward to sit there with dirty plates in front of us as our bartender passed us multiple time without acknowledging us or the dirty plates... Mainly the average review is based on the sub par service which comes with the growing pains of a new place. But observing the chaos behind the bar (uneven pours, patrons being ignored, employees climbing over each other) there is still room for improvement. 
Food: The food being creative, vibrant, and bold, we were excited to try it. However when the food was brought out, it was hardly warm. So they have some timing issues to work on. 
The Beer: Just observing the bar staff pour beers was painful at times. Uneven pours, lots of head, spills, and incorrect beers. Again, this should be fixed over time. However, the tap system wasn't "working" correctly so we saw many times the bartenders going back to patrons to tell them their first and second choices weren't available...
So my advice to UVBC:
Work on customer service. With a new brew pub, train your staff to SELL the product. Our bartender never described the menu or the beers to us. When someone did ask, they just read off the menu. Don't blatantly ignore customers, let them know you'll be right with them.
Food wise, I hope they work on timing to create a fantastic dining experience I know they can provide.
I'm really rooting for you UVBC! You guys have the potential to be a staple in Northern Liberties/Liberty Walks!So I really really wanted to like this place. I had walked by many times before it opened and was excited to come in and try it. When we arrived with a group of 6, two being kids, we were told we could sit outside in about 20 minutes, yet that number turned out to be 45. After this point, we just finally asked to sit inside because we all were hungry and were seated after about another 10 minute wait - I think the kinks are just being worked out since the restaurant hasn't been open for long and I hope things improve. 
Being a Friday night at about 8, I understand having music on and a little loud, but here it was a bit excessive and resulted in us yelling across the table to each other and made for difficult dinner conversation. We ordered everything we wanted at once since we had ample time to look at the menu before we sat down. Everything came out in very random order starting with one appetizer, then our pizzas, then another app and then finally a salad. 
We got chili wings and buffalo wings, the chili were a little bland and the buffalo weren't as spicy as we were expecting. They were just pretty okay. The fried pickles came out, they just tasted like a hot pickle without any spice to them and the dipping sauce was forgettable. We ordered the Rose, Penelope, and the Kelly pizzas. The Rose had roasted garlic that was very mushy and not very flavorful on it, the Penelope was a good pizza, but nothing stood out as special. It was just an average pepperoni pizza. The Kelly was probably my favorite just because it was unique with texture and taste. 
We got the Liquid Courage beer, it starts with a great taste but leaves you with quite a strange after taste that I couldn't place. 
Service was good here but as of now I wouldn't go back. Maybe with some improvements it can become a better restaurant in Northern Liberties.Beers were meh! Service was mediocre. Not sure if this was a new place, maybe with time it will get better?This place sucks. Terrible sports bar vibe. Bartenders who are standing around on a dead night. Tap list not updated to indicate what's gone. Mediocre beer.Came on second day of opening and was really surprised how well they had it together. Beers were surprisingly good, particularly the Huntingdon Drive IPA and the Rye Bread IPA, which was one of he best ryes I ever drank. Speaking of best ofs... the whipped ricotta with honey rhubarb was hands down the best whipped ricotta I ever had. Creamy, smooth and perfectly seasoned and accompanied by toasted sourdough, you won't find it better anywhere else. And my girl's beer salad was also top notch. Great new spot. Try it.I ate here last Sunday and gave this place 4 stars on my first review. Told some friends about the place and we met here Saturday. Both the food and service was not as good. On weekends they should consider having a restroom attendant to make sure the restrooms are clean. It's pretty new, I'm sure they'll get it together. I'll give it sometime before I go back. Until than Mexican food and margaritas across the street. 
The Wildey Wheat beer is great.UV has the best happy in all of nolibs. M-F 5-7 they have $3 beers ranging from 5%-10%.Here on opening night (haphazardly) and it's phenomenal. Busiest opening night I've seen for a restaurant/bar. Atmosphere is directed at millennials, beer is all home brewed and delicious, food is just as good quality. Hoping for the best for this new spot!Absolutely great! Barbuzzo food at NoLibs prices (chef is former executive chef at Barbuzzo). The beer is wonderful, freshly made in house. 90% of the menu is also made in house, including the cheese, bread, pizza dough and house cured pancetta. Service is delightfully attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. Free sparkling water is a major plus! Beers can be arranged as a tasting menu for only $2 - try the unusual fresh brews. Space itself is very trendy, warm and welcoming - overall great vibes. Will be returning very soon!Great pizza, ambiance and brews. Looking forward to SofaaaKing (see what I did there) can release on 4.20! Cheers! 
Beers tried: 
Fruiti Sour (more light than sour)
Cask (caramel yum)
Huntingdon and Paper Trail are delightfully hoppy! 
Went for the Rita because she's a classic.Fun location in northern liberties, much bigger than we expected! Go when the weather is nice and the windows are open. We liked the wooden decor and outdoor seating area. Everyone was very accommodating and polite without seeming like automatons - they enjoy being there too! We were seated right away on a busy Friday night. We had the beer battered pickles as a starter - scrumptious! For pizza we had the kelly and the Rita - one unique and one classic pizza, both delicious! Another highlight are the beers brewed on site. You can get 2oz tasters of all their beers which is a fun way to find out what you like. My favorite was the nectar - light and crisp. My fiance's favorite was the Huntingdon, he got a full glass of it. Excellent service and we'll definitely be back!urban village is hands down my favorite bar/brewery/restaurant! not only do they have unique, delicious beers but the food is amazing. the atmosphere is very chill and the staff is always friendly. 
my boyfriend and i go to happy hour once a week and we never get tired as they always have new food items/beers on rotation and the prices are just unbeatable!
i would highly recommend- you won't be disappointed!Mixed reaction here. Went on Labor Day afternoon and loved the atmosphere and energy. Have been coming to this location since the first days of the Piazza (place was called Vino which we loved). Urban Village seems like an upgrade over its immediate predecessor (forget the name). Sat at bar and bartender was very hospitable and offered samples for any beer we wished to try. We found a couple that we really enjoyed. Food was so-so: liked the sourdough bread but the mussels were subpar - very tiny with a bunch not opened and inedible. Pizza was pretty flavorful but a little doughy for our liking.  Biggest complaint was the TV situation. They were showing a 2 day old replay of a blowout college football on every TV in the place. I asked to have the one directly in front of us to be changed to a live sporting event (baseball or US Open both on) but for some reason this was a dilemma. Fifteen minutes passed so I asked again. Nothing. Apparently the manager had to make this weighty decision. Waited another 15 minutes before another request but every TV still locked to same replay blowout. It seems like a simple request in most bars especially since no one seemed to be watching. Would have stayed for another beer and watched sports but left in frustration. We will probably come back to try other food items (sandwiches looked appealing) since the place was overall pretty cool. Will just make sure there's not a game I want to watch when I do.I live nearby and stop at Urban Village regularly. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but they have a nice cocktail menu and wine selection, for those so inclined. I've never been disappointed by the beverage selections. 
The food menu changes seasonally on a regular basis. There is always a fabulous selection of salads, pizzas, and sandwiches, and a good number of items are vegetarian-friendly. 
Bartenders and managers always provide exemplary service. There is an abundance of outdoor seating, and dogs are welcome. 
Five stars, Urban Village! You guys rock!Wow. 
We came here during the 2nd Street Festival. It was packed (standing room), but there were a few spots at the bar and empty tables. 
I ended up getting a 2nd Street Festivale (American blonde) to go (you were allowed to take it out in a plastic pint cup for the festival). It was sooooo good. 
We came back later for some beer to take home, but I tried the All In "black double IPA." It was black like a stout with chocolate notes, but lighter like a DIPA. It was great, but it was too bold for me to commit to a full 32oz to take home. 
YOU CAN GET THESE HUGE 32oz CANS TO TAKE HOME!! They fill it was the draft, too. It's so awesome.. They even have their own cute little labels for the "cans." They're $12 each. I think that's a pretty good deal. I know it's more expensive than a 4 pack of craft pounders, also 64oz, (ex. Troëgs Nimble Giant), but I think it's a great price since you can only get it here.This place is great! I'm so happy they added something new and so awesome to The Piazza. 
My boyfriend and I each got a flight and a sandwich. All the beers were delish and tbh, the beets beer was my absolute fav! I know it sounds weird, but add it to your flight--you won't be disappointed. My boyfriend ordered the brisket sandwich and absolutely loved it. I ordered the tofu sandwich and it was pretty good. The kimchi on the sandwich was bomb, but the tofu itself was kind of lacking flavor/good texture.
Overall, love this place! Excited to bring fam and friends from out of town here in the future.Great place to have some really great beers! The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the beer and food.Great food. I had the Caesar salad and gnocchi-so good! Their drink "bees knees" is amazing. My new favorite drink!This is review is for Happy Hours. We were here on a Monday evening for happy hours. Their happy hours are 5-7 while most Happy hours in City end by 6 or 630. So, we decided to give this a shot. This was our second visit. We ordered their beers, SAMANTHA pizza, Urban Village fries and WHIPPED RICOTTA. So beer came first and very fast. Excellent beer. The stars are for the beers. Fries were loaded with meet and came a full plate. Loved it. They were medium-thin size and crispy. Thats how I like it. So we were doing good until the pizza arrived. Pizza was burnt and I could taste/smell the burnt portion. So, I informed the server about the issue and thats when the issue started. The server got defensive initially but we did not retaliate and quietly went back to food. The server stood there and after 1 min offered a replacement, which I gladly said Yes too. As I was checking with my wife, the server without checking with her just took the pizza and our plates away. Ok, you got to check with everyone on the table first. After that the server simply ignored us and we had to call someone else to get our beers. The replacement pizza was not very good either. This could be a one off experience but I am reporting what I experienced.
I would definitely come here for the beers and cool sports bar ambiance. But, definitely not for pizza.Always liked this place. Their location is great. Tons of seating inside and outside. Whole wall can be opened if the weather permits. Sophisticated crowd, good service and good beer with very generous happy hour (50% off all drafts and pizza). Most importantly you can talk and have a conversation without a problem. Acoustics here are great.I think in a few weeks once this place has worked out it's kinks it will be very nice. However, today the service was pretty slow and the happy hour deal isn't great. They also don't have a lot of options on their menu. The atmosphere also felt more family friendly than young professional. 
The place itself was very nicely decorated with private bathrooms and a wide bar. Lots of flower beds in the outside seating area and great decor. However, because of the buildings orientation, don't expect much sun during happy hour. The outside is mostly cast in shade.The bartender, Kelly, provides excellent service. We went with all of her recommendations. The dry reisling on tap is refreshing, the Tyson stout is light and full of delicious flavor. We tried the Becca white pizza and the brisket sandwich.  Both were incredible. We will be back soon!!I've been here a few times for trivia on Thursday nights and it's always a good time. Both the food menu and beers are constantly changing so you can always find something you like. There are always plenty of vegetarian and a few vegan options on the menu as well! They run a couple specials during trivia, including $3 beers, which is amazing. The food is always good and fresh, and it seems like they try to find seasonal and local ingredients. I typically go for a salad and add cured salmon. The shaved salad is one of my favorites. The basil dressing....yum! The fries are super good and we usually get them to share for the table. The pizzas are pretty good too...the Celeste (vegan) is a good choice! The service has been great for us every visit. We will surely continue coming for Thursday quizzo!!Urban Village never disappoints. It is my go to happy hour place as you really can't beat the pricing. Half off pizzas, 3 dollar house made pints of beer and discounted appetizers (fries are legit). The pizzas unbelievable- my wife and I went to Italy for 10 days and after we got back we went to Urban Village to get her "STILL" favorite pizza the Roma. The have beer for every taste that are always changing. I will say it's a little pricey if it's not happy hour for pizza but I still do it here and there but M thru F 5-7 you can't beat it.Awesome food and some of the best beers I have had in awhile. Rye bread IPA and spicy red muscles are favorites.Went during the day for a few drinks. Atmosphere was open and chill. Had the rye bread rye ale and their IPA. The rye was very tasty and would try their other beers. Have Grey options for a variety of sizes. Will be backThis place only been open a few days now. I ate here Sunday and the food & service was good. The restaurant offers both indoor/outdoor seating. We ordered the Samantha pizza and wings (they come in two flavors). Great place to go for drinks with friends.My husband and I have always been excited to try this place since we moved to Northern Liberties. The beer list is really good. Food is average at best.
Caesar salad: really fishy and had 5-6 whole sardines on the salad which I found to be unappetizing.
Whipped ricotta: bland.
Wings: they were the best thing I tasted but even they were dry and under seasoned.
Chicken Sandwich: chicken was chewy and too much mayo!
Our waitress was really sweet and attentive but as far as the food goes--we will not be back.I stumbled upon this little Fishtown trinket about two weeks ago and I've made it a weekly adventure.  Urban Village is good vibes, good food, good games and most of all good CHEAP beer! They have a brewery on sight (yes the do offer tours!) and if you look closely at their menu about 95% of their products, including alcohol, are locally sourced! You can build your own flights starting at $2 for a 4oz glass and their flavors are forever changing. Sara, Shakur and Cassie are some of the best bartenders there; stop in and show them some love!Delicious ricotta gnocchi and good pizza.  Cool vibe and great beerMy roommates and I come here all the time because it's close to home! They have great beer, friendly bartenders, lots of pizza options, and an awesome happy hour - half price pizza and $3 beer. Trivia night every Thursday at 8 is great as well! Thanks for changing it from 9pm to 8pm!Fantastic place for food and drinks! Great atmosphere with unbelievable service. A definite place to go for a great evening!Best pizza crust in Philly!!! Jose is hands down the best server! Carmela pizza is the greatest addition to the menu, highlights the flavors of the city ! Please keep it on the menu!!! And everyone, add the long hots!!!Best atmosphere!!! amazing outside tables and little fire pits and string lights all right at the top of The Piazza. 
Really good beers. They came in taster size, 8 oz or 12 oz which were $2,$4,or $6- pretty cheap. Wide selection and we had a knowledgeable server. 
The urban fries had a lot of flavor. The pizzas were had very unique ingredients but were overall average. The emphasized the fresh in house ingredients.
It was such a fun opening night for them. Congrats!!! Can't wait to come backI had their canned beer at my house like a month ago and noticed that they were local, so I made it my mission to come here.  We sat at the bar and had a couple of beers, an app, pizza and dessert. Everything was amazing! The beer, the food and the service! There's a lot of beers too choose from and they all tasted different and were really good.  We had the Penelope pizza which was homemade pepperoni, ricotta cheese and pesto....yum! And, I can't forget the delicious pumpkin cheesecake.I've been here twice now and I really want to love it, because the atmosphere is awesome, they're in a really cool space, and the service is always awesome. 
However, I've also eaten here twice and both times have left pretty disappointed. The fries are tasty, I'll give them that. The Penelope pizza is also pretty good - but it's $14 for a pretty small pie, which for that price, you can go somewhere better. The fried pickles were a huge let down (because they're my favorite food). For $8 we received maybe 5 slices of "pickle" - tasted more like a cucumber. The price to food ratio was totally off, and the quality wasn't there to justify it. 
As far as their beers, they're just not my taste. I've sampled many (like 12) and have only found one or two that I enjoy. Oatis and beets by J are interesting and worth a try.GREAT PIZZA. I came by for happy hour ,got 2 pizzas, fried pickles and 2 beers and it was only $27! What a great deal for the quality.
Kimmie Pizza - for all my koreans out there, this pizza is crazy good. the kimchi quality is legit and the porkbelly is a bit fatty than i like it but with the combo of the perfect dough and kimchi it was such a flavorful bite
The brisket and horseradish pizza with an egg was surprisingly really good even though I'm not a huge brisket fan. The pizza dough at this place is perfect; crunchy but thin but not too thin where it breaks apart
The fried pickles were interesting, they were all different shapes; spears and circles but the tempura batter was pretty good. I love that they put pickled green beans on the plate as a garnish, PUT MORE PICKLED STUFF! :) 
All in all, I think this place has great service, VERY clean bathrooms, a really good take on modern bar food and good vibes. Highly recommend for happy hours 5-7pmStumbled upon this place while taking a stroll from the pod park. Looked like a great place to sit outside and enjoy the sun! 
We were seated right away (don't think it was a busy time- on the later side of brunch time). To be honest everything looked good on the menu and from previous reviews on Yelp, it seemed like the pizza was the way to go. So naturally, I went for something else. I got the beer cheese fries, and the Brie & sundried tomatoes omelet with potatoes (I know- carb overload but my eyes were clearly bigger than my stomach) and then the Michelada for my drank. My boo got some kind of sausage & eggs plate (which unfortunately the sausage was undercooked in the middle so he didn't finish it) 
There was a mountain of fries with a little bit of beer cheese so that was disappointing as well as they were quite salty. The omelet (Or maybe it was a frittata) was tasty & so were the potatoes. No real complaints there- the side salad was refreshing. Unfortunately the Michelada I ordered was a little on the sweet side (not sure how that happened). 
Overall, should have probably stuck with the pizza as it appeared everyone that was there ordered it! But the outdoor seating was nice and service was quick and friendly.Great Atmosphere for a casual first date. The music was on point. Beers were very good and fairly priced.  Food was great, their bread and pizza dough stand out and I love that Everything is done in house. Could use a slightly more diverse spirits selection but otherwise a fantastic place to be!Great beer, Great pizza, Great atmosphere! 
They had a great variety of beers that will satisfy everyone's tastes, and the pizza (we got the rita and becca), and the brisket sandwich were all delicious. 
Outdoor seating area is great, especially when the restaurant opens up the walls. This would be a great place to host a happy hour or event with multiple spaces that can be reserved as well. 
Will definitely be back!