Everything tasted fresh and came on out time. We tried the house salad, uzu special miso soup, and 5 various rolls/sushi. I must say this was the best tasting sushi I've had in philly in a while. I even broke a wine glass and the waiter/owner(?) was attentive and promptly replaced it. We will be back!I'll start off with stating that I'm not a sushi snob.  I'll eat sushi, I'll enjoy sushi, but my life does not revolve around sushi.  In saying that, prior to trying out Uzu I was worried from the minimalist fears beat into me by the yelpers who rated this place low.  So here it goes.  
This is a pretty chill place.  It's definitely tiny.  The party I was with ordered the chicken teryiaki and a number of different sushi.  Everything was excellent.  Yes, I did receive rice with the chicken dish.  It was not very big, but then again I'm not much of a rice person.  So I was glad to have a relative distribution of vegetables compared to rice.  This was probably the best chicken I've ever eaten in my life.  I'm not making this up.  Now, the restaurant wasn't packed by any means, so I'm assuming there might be a change in quality depending on how busy they are.  However, it was moist and flavorful - literally melting in your mouth.  
The sushi was sushi.  Nothing amazing, but like I said - I don't really notice the differences between sushi - unless that sushi is bad.  
Overall - Good sushi and excellent plates.  If you're the kinda person who likes to gorge themselves, this is not the place.  I found their serving size appropriate - you will not be taking anything home.I came here with two friends for dinner on a Saturday night. Walking in is a bit shocking...the place is TINY and there is a table immediately when you walk in through the front door! I think there were 6 tables in the entire restaurant. This would be a great place to go on a date, bring some wine and eat delicious sushi.
We ordered two appetizers, edamame and gyoza (pork dumplings) to share.  The edamame was delicious...its a pretty standard app at any sushi place. And the gyoza was SO good. There were 6 pieces on the plate. My friend also got the house salad, which she said was really good. She liked the ginger dressing. 
I had two sushi rolls, the Yellow Mellow roll and the Shrimp Tempura roll. Both were awesome and very fresh! 
For the three of us, dinner was $65, which is a great price for 2 apps, a salad and 6 sushi rolls. 
I would definitely come here again.The Jumping Jack Flash roll is seriously to die for. It is mouth watering amazing - the texture of the steamed shrimp and scallop with the avocado and spicy mayo/cream cheese mixture.. I wanted to lick my plate off at the end. The spicy scallop hand roll is also superb.. Everything is a little pricey, but the fish is fresh and everything is so tasty.Ask me how the food was. I don't know i was refused service, an I was not given any specific reason why. I am a Chef for a catering company, and food is my passion. on my free days i love trying new and different restaurants, but i will tell you, the ignorance and bigotry that was directed towards me at this place was staggering. Please do not patronize a place like thisQuiet place. They can wrap all sushi with soy paper, which is a big plus for me. The owner/cashier/waiter is very attentative. Everything was brought out quickly and service was instant. Sushi is tasty and reasonably sized. We ordered three rolls for two people and were satisfied, all for $30. We would definitely go back,Quiet small place.  Only complaint is that its never busy at lunch and they could use some music because you feel semi out of place.  The service was in my opinion slow since I was the lone diner.  However, the sushi was very fresh and I enjoyed it.  The miso soup was probably the best I've ever had.  
If Zento is too over the top for you, or you want a BYO, this is your spot.  Also noted that it lacked any presentation which didn't matter much to me but could be an issue for others.It's a three star night from me to Uzu.  It was ok sushi.  yes, the fish and rice were fresh (the rolls were a bit small though) and the miso was standard.  it was more the service that dimmed out the celestials for me. though I'll keep looking for better sushi in town too. 
I'm not picky when it comes to service, have waited tables before and know it's a pain.  and I'll take into account that maybe a waitress was sick.  But if the main guy who looked like he owned the place always waits on tables....he should look into hiring a waiter.
He was very hurried to get me done.  stood there while i decided, didn't bring water out even though he filled up other tables water and checked on them!?  I gave up trying to ask since he never made contact again and eventually just pulled out my bottle i tote everywhere (maybe he knew i was this smart) He cleared the plate quick and said ok check (statement not a question).  Which kind of sucked cause i was going to inquire about inari tofu skin for dessert.  oh well. 
only four tables so not overwhelming.  maybe he had to rush inside to answer the phone. 
eh, whatev. I'll give em another shot sometime in the future.
but I'm  adhering to 3 stars like sticky rice on chopsticks for now.Great, creative options. I absolutely love this place. Their rolls are so delicious and filling, and the price isn't too bad. BYOB too, so you can't go wrong with that. The owner is really kind, and he's happy to give recommendations if needed.You can't take points away for being small. Big things come in little packages, and Uzu does it's best for such a limited space. A beautiful piece of golden art welcomes you, and of course what is a sushi place without wooden fish on the walls and etched into the sushi counter motif.  
The location is great obviously, right on the edge of old city. Good overall vibe, and even clever usage of bamboo (or what looks like it) to hide miscellaneous materials on the way the bathroom. Once again, I emphasize the place is small. Like red blood cells moving through a capillary small. But small places need love too...I'm pretty sure Uzu makes the best sushi in Philadelphia.  I'm also pretty sure it's highly undiscovered.  It's a tiny joint and every time I've been there it's been practically empty.  It's definitely doing well though - people walk in there at 10:30 PM to pick up sushi - so that has to count for something.  
The wait staff was so attentive.  They also know how to delay a meal so a bunch of friends can have a slow dinner and get caught up and have a great time.  They even gave us edamame on the house. The last time we were there was for a friend's birthday.  We brought a cake and the wait staff was more than ok with us eating it there.  We ended up sharing the cake with the entire staff.  It was awesome.
They have the old standby sushi rolls but also so crazy alternatives.  One has mango and cream cheese - CRAZY delicious.  Others have jalepenos.  It's all great.VERY Americanized "sushi", overflowing with way too much sauce. Also, they use fake wasabi. I was not impressed with this place at all. I would have tolerated the fact that it is the size of a walk-in closet if the food were actually authentic Japanese, but it is not. Sadly, I shall not return.It's like Tokyo transported a hip train station sushi joint and plopped it down in Philadelphia. Three of us showed up without reservations at 6:30 on a Friday and were able to grab the 3 seats at the sushi bar. Given that this place seats about 15 people total, I recommend getting a reservation before coming through. And yes, you should absolutely be making that reservation the next time you are craving the sushi.... It seems like this place is run but a husband and wife, the husband greeting and serving us while the wife preparing the top-notch sushi. We devoured  the Fire Cracker (not hot) and Philadelphia rolls while I my first experience with Madai. Freaking delicious, the lot of them. We also started off with some gyoza that included a very sweet but fitting sauce. I'm a big fan of Fat Salmon, and this was the first place to rival it for taste and cool. Also, I believe they are a BYO that oddly still served one Japanese beer.  Pro-tip: Excellent early date spot....
Food: A-
Service: A
Ambiance: A+Straight from the airport in Philly I searched yelp for a decent sushi place. 
This place had amazing reviews. 
So far, I am writing this while dining - the place is stark empty and I've asked for a miso soup from the second I've walked in as my frozen toes are crying at this point. Miso came and I've just asked for my water. 
Going to give the rock and roll, baby roll and a piece of torched mackerel a chance. 
So far a word has not been said to me, even when I asked about the meters. Hoping the sushi will redeem.
The sushi was not so great. I hate that I had better expectations. That being said on a whim I ordered sashimi mackerel and salmon. That was insanely fresh and delicious. 
Service is important  but I probably will go back ok my next Philly trip as the hotel of my choice is around the corner.I think this place is one of the best kept secrets in Philadelphia.  It is BYOB, the food is great and reasonably priced and it is never crowded. I love going here!I really like the invisible baby roll, which has cucumber, crab, and grilled shrimp in a soy wrapper.  It's not really a roll bur still delish.  The spicy scallop roll isn't bad either.  Prices are slightly higher but the owner is sweet and the service great.  A good, solid sushi place with some innovative rolls.One of my favorite places in Philly. I come here probably once a month and have lived nearby for close to 5 years now. Typical sushi menu and they deliver fantastic and fresh meals every time. What sets this apart from other places is the owner who is also the waiter. He is the most attentive and respectful server whether you are the only people in the place or all 6 (yes 6 total tables) are taken. 
The first time I went in here with my girlfriend, it seemed a bit strange to be the only people in the place, but we immediately knew we made a great choice. Give it a try and you wont be disappointed.This nice weather has me craving more walks and fresh sushi. However, after my walk home from work today, I was feeling delivery was best suited for me (sad, I know). 
Uzu delivered in half the time estimated and the delivery guy was super polite. 
I went for veggie gyoza and the salmon teriyaki; everything was solidly tasty. I hope to actually visit this place the next time around to sample the actual sushi. 
The menu has some creative and different options, but of course those come with a bit of a price tag; not overly expensive but not the most affordable I've seen.Be aware. U MUST make a reservation. There are only 6 tables and a sushi bar. Very small and intimate place. Great for date night. 
However the sushi is very good and fresh. Quick service. BYOB. 
I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK.I can't say enough good about this place!!!  The restaurant is very small but the sushi is always amazing!!   The rolls tend to be on the small side but are always delicious.  It's a bit of a hidden gem and an awesome place to bring a date.I've had an excellent meal every time.  The staff is friendly. The sushi is fresh and delicious.  Any time I want to experiment with a new kind of sushi, Uzu is my go to.  
The dining area only consists of 7 tables at the most and is very intimate but I like it that way.  Plus, who doesn't like BYO?The sushi here is all right. Nothing too special. The biggest reason I'm knocking this down to a 3-star was for the pricing. Yelp says it's only $$ but as far as sushi goes I'd give it $$$. $3 for miso soup which we all know is essentially broth in a bowl seems completely outrageous to me. and the simple rolls were all at least $5-$9. But I guess that's philly for you. Lastly, when we ran out of drinks, they didn't get around to refilling them until after we had already finished eating.My boyfriend and I went here for Valentine's day. The edamame was stale and clearly from a freezer bag. The sushi we ordered was satisfactory and presented nicely. After we paid we sat finishing our bottle of wine. To our dismay,  we were asked by the waitress to leave as there were other reservations. At that time there were three seats at the sushi bar, two open two tops and no one waiting. We felt that that this was extremely rude. Customer service is key and for this reason we will not be returning. Additionally, we will not be recommending this establishment to friends, family or coworkers. I suggest going to Fat Salmon! Excellent sushi, service and atmosphere.My neighborhood sushi place. Small and cozy, great for dates or dinner with friends. The menu options are plentiful, and the food fresh and very good for the area, which tends to be overpriced and trendy. I haven't had a bad experience here yet. The best part, it's BYOB!Allow me to endorse the delivery sushi at Uzu. We had some service issues, but the quality of the food made up for it. We ordered the "Take" for two, but they didn't bring us a second salad and miso soup... kind of disappointing. But the sushi's a notch above the rest, especially for the price. They actually vinegared the sushi rice, although it was a bit crumbly. They also put wasabi (like a drop) in each piece of nigiri sushi as a DEFAULT, not a side. I think there was a small bone in my salmon piece, though. You guys at Uzu should be a little more careful! The texture of the sushi was pretty fresh and non-frozen-tasting. I liked the eel, although it was kind of different in that it didn't come with the usual sweet eel sauce.Wow! Delicious and so fresh! The restaurant is small but great menu and so fresh. The avocado salad was wonderful. Pieces of sushi and rolls were fantasticHands down my favorite sushi place in the city (and I've been to quite a few). Cozy atmosphere, friendly service, and super fresh ingredients. Highly recommend. Also BYO, making it an excellent value.This is our fav sushi place in the city!  It may be small, but we've come to love the cozy atmosphere and charm.  The sushi is fantastic, one of our favorite rolls is the fireman's special, also big fans of the seaweed salad and ginger salad.  The byob factor is also a huge plus and we enjoy the outdoor seating option in warm weather months.  The service has always been great, the owner and his son are really friendly and accommodating.  We will continue to patronize our favorite little old city find!The most delicious udon broth.... just exactly what i needed on a rainy night after a movie at the Ritz!I went to this place with two friends and the sushi and service during our visit was good. We left to get ice-cream and I noticed that I had to go to the toilet, so went back to Uzu to ask if I could quickly go. The owner (my guess) said - straight up - "no". I was stumbled and his English isn't good. So I thought he meant that someone is using it atm. I said I can wait and that I was just eating here. He was like "no - leave". I tried to explain that I just spent over a $100 in  here and even other guests jumped in to explain that I was just here, but he would not change his mind. This was so rude that I have not been there since and probably not go again.Visited Uzu Saturday night and must say, it's very small, but intimate! I am in love with the BYOB option!!! The fish is fresh, the rolls appealing to the eyes, and taste buds. Overall... I would come back again!These cheapskates don't even serve rice with their $18 chicken teriyaki dish. In addition, the miso soup and ginger dressing were horrifically sweet. The shumai have a bizarre texture and again the sauce for them was way too sweet. 
What a disgrace of a Japanese restaurant.This place is one of the best kept BYOB sushi secrets in Philly.  There are about 7 tables for two and a bar area that seats maybe 4.  The service is excellent and the sushi even better.  Try the super white tuna - it will change your life.This place is Sooooooo tiny - seating for 10 at tables and 3 at the sushi bar.
My 7 year old loved her shrimp shumai, and DH 7 I enjoyed our maki.
The standout though?  One of the BEST chicken Udon bowls I have ever tasted.
Rich broth and perfectly tender udon (not mushy).  So perfect on a chilly December night.
A good, solid sushi spot.Delicious and authentic. I eat a lot of sushi and i'm very picky. This place is good sushi.A teeny-tiny sushi-spot packed with goodness.
The platters are a good value and the fish is fresh and many varieties are offered.
My companion had a fresh lobster roll and the meat was sweet and plentiful.
I enjoyed my Hamachi nigiri and watching the big screen TV.
Sadly - that TV does overwhelm the tiny room and voids-out the "ambience".
In any case, the owners were there and the chef was friendly.
Plus, you can walk to the Franklin Fountain for dessert.
It's not Morimoto - but it's a heck of a lot better than Mizu down the street.At first glance, the place is small, but if your looking for a quiet time with the lady, this is the place to go. Great presentation, and super fresh.Not the best, not even good.  The place is rather small, we were a large party of 7 so we basically took up the whole restaurant along with 2 other tables for 2s left.  There's basically one person working the restaurant and is also the chef.  So the sushi, we ordered a bunch of rolls including one special roll the fire cracker.  There really isn't anything to write about, pretty much hard to distinguish what is what, even the special roll seemed like a regular roll.  The rice was kind of mushy too.  So yea, not coming back again.This is my new favorite sushi spot in the city.  For the atmosphere, the food, the fact that it's BYO and presumably family-run, it has earned the honor of being my go-to.  That translates to a lot of repeat business considering my love of sushi!
The atmosphere is small and intimate.  There are a few seats at the sushi bar, and a total of five tables in the entire place.  I'd recommend making a reservation to make sure there's space for your party.
We started with the shrimp shumai, which seemed to be freshly prepared and steamed.  We gobbled these up in less than a few minutes and just when I started to regret not ordering another appetizer, our sushi arrived.
The Jumping Jack Flash roll was the most delicious thing I've put in my mouth in a long time (insert inappropriate joke here).  It's probably not for you if you're a sushi purist, because it doesn't involve any raw fish, but if you like creative specialty rolls, TRY IT.  Grilled shrimp and scallop topped with avocado and spicy cream cheese?  Get in my belly.
The other standout was the Royal Dragon, which was lobster tempura & spicy tuna, topped with eel.  We didn't have room for dessert, but we didn't feel rushed or pressured to finish our wine.  It was such a refreshing experience to be able to really relax and take our time at dinner, in a city full of one-in one-out table turnover.
I honestly can't wait to come back!I was walking my dog and decided I was hungry. Stopped by for a couple of rolls, had the Philly and the Spicy Tuna. Both were excellent. Server was great too! Will be back :)Yessss! We finally found our sushi restaurant.  My wife and I have gone twice and we had a great experience both times. Family run and very nice service. It is very cozy and small, make reservations to be sure, but outside of typical lunch and dinner times, it is possible to walk in this little gem. I love the intimacy of this place. The chef interacts with you with a big smile as he busily works from behind his sushi counter. BYOB and they take credit cards, the food quality is fresh, light and scrumptious!
I recommend the Dynamite roll- lump crab and spicy tuna. topped with jalapenos and avocado...woot! woot!I think I've been spoiled by the fresh, thick, plentiful, and inexpensive sashimi at Zen in Northampton, Massachusetts, which made my visit to Uzu less than stellar. Although the fish here is fresh and tasty, the prices are quite for the tiny portions. I had sashimi, the mixed sashimi appetizer, the yakko tofu, and a house salad. I was barely sated after spending $30 on food alone. I even thought about eating the parsley garnishes! The service was subpar: at one point my partner and I were the only diners in the restaurant, and it was difficult getting our plates cleared. After two more couples arrived, it became harder to get any attention. I never got an offer for a soda refill or a glass of water.This place is so romantic! A cute date spot. I love how it's very small, dimly lit and quaint. A very intimate feel. Food was excellent and the wait staff was exceptional. I had the chirashi and a few of the rolls. Very very good.
I guess my only complaint would be that their mochi icecream had freezer burn. Totally ruined the whole experience of the delectable mochi. Sushi was fresh, but was terribly cut. Inexperience sushi chef? Dull knife? No idea. 
Other than that, I would definitely come back here again.I am so glad to find this Sushi restaurant! The rolls are delicious and very creative, and the Mochi for dessert was amazing.I love mom and pop type of establishments that have great food and impeccable service. Great job, we will be back!I almost don't want to post this review because I think this place is the best kept sushi secret! The sushi here is AMAZING. I've been eating here consistenly for the past 5 years and I have never had a bad meal. Best sushi in Philadelphia.You got to love that so many places in Philly are BYO - and a sushi place at that - unheard of in NYC.
Honestly can't remember what I ordered. But the food was delicious. More importantly the fact that the place is so tiny that only three tables fit in, makes it seem very exclusive. I like that.BYO Sushi? HOLLA AT YA BOY!
Went here this past weekend on a couples dinner(I'm getting old) and loved it.  It's a tiny tiny restaurant.  Holds maybe 15-20 people tops.  The plus side of it being small is that it is super intimate and the staff is really friendly. The rolls are pretty traditionally sized.  They range from the standard california rolls for cheaper to more adventurous lobster roll for $15.
Their selection of sashimi is also on point.  I had the live scallop which practically melted in my mouth.
I loved how this place was BYO too, we rolled in with sake and they heated it right up with us.  Definitely a killer date spot.Nice small sushi bar. Very peaceful and quiet. Not suitable for a company larger than 3. The stuff is friendly. Food was great.I was visiting Philly for the conference and I was looking for some sushi close to the Conference Center. It was about 10 blocks away and I thought to check it out. When my friend and I walked in there were like 7 people there and the place was packed! We were lucky to get a seat. It seems like it is a family owned business. It was kind of neat. They only had saki and Sapporo, but you can bring your own bottle of wine which I thought was pretty neat. Sushi was not bad and the service was very good. I would recommend it to other people.I loved this sushi place! It was my first time trying it a few days ago and I was quite surprised. I don't go to old city much but the sushi was good. I like how they have different options for where the fish are imported from. The ambiance was cozy, it was a cute place and it's BYOB. The sushi chef was also very nice.Now my go-to sushi joint in Old City.  A small little place with GREAT special rolls.  Not too pricey and the fish is fresh.  I like it better than Zento or Hikaru.  
Try the Hawaiian Brian or Abracadabra rolls for something different!  
Service is attentive although I think there may be a bit of a language barrier (which is always a good sign for authenticity of ethnic foods, in my book), so exercise patience with ordering.  Like most things, I think they're getting better with time.5 stars for this fantastic Duo! 
I am no sushi fanboi, i would only know if i didn't like a specific sushi, not if it was fucking with the balance of nature or destroying the fabric of the universe as we know it because it wasn't prepared to specifics approved by ancient gods.... 
My sushi & experience was wonderful.
It is a small and cozy place no other way to describe it, i was the only one in there and the gentleman serving me was very polite as well even made kind small talk with me as i waited. 
I ordered 3 rolls, they were moderately priced, 2 Boston Rolls (my favorite), and a volcano roll which i had never tried. Absolutely delicious, and presentation was also very beautiful. the teriyaki glaze was on the top of the bites i assume you could ask for it without it, but this all just worked.
I will be hitting this place up a few more times before i leave town.
Update: what amazing Miso they have here. I have tried it a few other times with lackluster experience but this was excellent down to the tofu being full of flavor.AMAZING!! Best sushi in Philly. The rolls are small and nicely proportioned - not those outrageously huge rolls that you get at Raw or Unmai and can barely fit into your mouth. Although the environment is small, the owner or manager is great and tries to make it as comfortable as possible for you. He is also very friendly and gets to know his customers!!Good spot. First was skeptical when I walked in. Then I scoped the fresh Uni and live scallop and felt at rest. The owner and sushi chef take pride in this spot. Good quality fresh fish and fairly priced.Uzu (a BYOB) opened late winter 2007 in the Old City section of Philadelphia & after having been open for a few weeks I finally made it in.
First of all, don't plan on brining a large group of people here. The venue is quite small, holding about 6 tables seating two each & a sushi bar that fit about 4 people. It was a nice set-up despite the small size, chilled-out EDM was playing & the atmosphere was comfortable.
I was very happy with the food I was served, the rolls & the sashimi were made from very fresh tasty fish. In regard to the rolls the menu had a very nice broad, interesting selection. I especially enjoyed a special, which was a roll of avocado, pineapple & yellowtail. Very good! It was the first time I'd had pineapple in a roll & I hope it's not the last.
My one complaint was that the slices of the roll were so large that I had a difficult time fitting it all in my mouth and chewing it.
The service was fine, helpful but not overbearing.
I think I will definitely be returning!My favorite little sushi place in Old City. Take out service is very good and dinner is nice as well. Great little window seat along Market to people watch. Highly recommend the Alaskan role!Uzu is good quality sushi and the service is even more something to write home about. The owner even took us one night as a table of 5 when we walked in 15 minutes before closing. The service is very fast and efficient. Also a very clean, nice romantic setting for dinner.it was a friday night.
i had a groupon for a neighboring sushi spot, and made a reservation for three. an overdue friend-date, bottle of red in tow. unfortunately, parking in old city was a giant pain in the ass (as always) and we were 20 minutes late. the folks at the neighboring spot gave me a heap of attitude despite my apologies for not calling. seriously bro, we arent dating. stop getting all huffy because 'i didn't call'.
anyway.. a quick look at my yelp bookmarks brought us to Uzu.
super small - quick paced meal - tasty variety of sushi. our server left a positive impression. negative points for terrible dine-in music.. we commented to one another that it would be more befitting of a russian ballet. i was disappointed to see there was no sweet potato roll, but the other options made it excusable.I am not a big sushi fan but i loved the sushi here at Uzu. I came with four friends and the owner was extremely nice and helpful. We all ordered different sushi, a few of the rolls are house specials, as well as a few appetizers and it was all excellent. I would def suggest this place as a date spot due to the small cozy room (probably holds about 15 people in total) and because it is a BYO. Prices are great as well and lunch is 15%. 
If it is your birthday you also get 15% off the already low prices. My friends who love sushi say it is the most under-rated sushi place in the city. A HIDDEN GEM!!!Roll without rise - Abrakadabra. I wonder! Just fish, eel, crab and something else. Hot.This place is tiny but romantic. the food is a 3.5 at most i would have to say and tasted fresh. The special rolls were high priced $15 each but it's the city. the regular rolls were about $6-8 each. friendly severs too.
BYOBSmall intimate place with Fresh sushi...but not a whole lot of great rolls to choose from..
They are stingy with the ginger.Favorite sushi place in philly.  
+ good sushi (love the mellow yellow roll), friendly staff
-very small, only about 6 tables and the sushi bar.You remember the movie "Zoolander" when Derek sees a model of the  Center For Children Who Can't Read Good And Wanna Learn To Do Other Stuff Good Too and he screams "What is this? A centre for ants?!?".  Well, if this Center were to be built for ants, then this sushi restaurant would be have been built right next to it. The servings are tiny and if you have your "usuals" that you get from other sushi places, you might want to double it.  The two things I compared the portions to are my two usuals:  Ikura (salmon eggs) and the Rainbow Roll.  You get two pieces of the Ikura for $6 but it was literally a teaspoon per serving.  In places like Raw (same price), you get about two tablespoons worth.  Rainbow Roll sizes are pretty standard but the Uzu version was just a little bigger than a standard spicy tuna/salmon roll sold elsewhere.  If you know your sushi - you know that the spicy tuna/salmon rolls are small to begin with.
I do understand the minimalism that the Japanese culture takes on but this is borderline ridiculous.  While the individual sushi pieces themselves were reasonable, the amount of rice was questionable.  I've never seen a restaurant put so little rice in their sushi.  The sushi pieces on top of the rainbow rolls were also cut too thin.  As far as taste goes - it was average.  Nothing spectacular but nothing to puke about either.  
I was starving prior to going into the Uzu but luckily (without knowing the portion sizes prior), I drank enough Coke to completely curb my appetite so when it was time to eat, a few bites made me full.
So the next time you visit the Center For Children Who Can't Read Good And Wanna Learn To Do Other Stuff Good Too, make sure you stop by and discover why starving artists are called "starving artists".  It's cause they choose to eat in places like these.
Sincerely,
Kate MossTiny BYOB sushi joint that seats about 15; it is dimly light by tea candles, Ikea track lights and a 40 inch Plasma TV (NCIS was playing... not sure how I felt about seeing a corpse severed legs while having dinner).  Its ran by a family: the father is the sushi chef, mother works in the kitchen and the son is the waiter.  We were the only patrons thus, the service was excellent. We started with the Edamame ($4), Mix Sashimi appetizer ($10). The Edamame was standard and the sashimi pieces were excellent: 2 fat pieces of tuna, 2 pieces of salmon and 2 pieces of yellowtail all served on slices of cucumber. It was a great start to our meal (I'd like to note how pleasantly unique and "cute" their dishware is). The sushi rolls seemed creative; we decided to share the Dynamite roll ($15), Arizona Roll ($7) and Spicy Rainbow Roll ($10). While the rolls were very tasty, I could not get over the size. The pieces are tiny. I've read in another review that the diameter of each roll is as small as a quarter (if even) and that description really hits the nail on the head. I'd most definately stick to sashimi here since the sashimi portions are a bit more normal.Certainly the smallest Japanese restaurant in the region and you will seldom be more aware of encroachment from other tables than here, but the sashimi is very fresh if not on a par for selection and cut with its Old City neighbor Zento.  Advising a 6 top with a 7:00 PM reservation that they had to vacate their table at 8:30 is probably understandable for a restaurant with such a scarcity of real estate but off putting just the same and cost them on at least one occasion.  Food 7.5   Real Estate 2!Such a small, cute place with great sushi!  I went to Uzu the other night for the second time (the first was in early 2008).  The sushi is really fresh (live scallop...mmmm it was so good) and they have a lot of creative rolls.  I had the Dynamite amongst a few others and my boyfriend had the Mexican which I tried...not exactly traditional sushi but yummy anyway.  I like the cozy feel of the place.  We were the only table there for most of the night.  Our server was super attentive and I like the fact that the food timing was spaced out.  We had plenty of time to eat our miso soup and finish a glass of wine before our sushi came out.  
The only cons I'll point out are 1) the music....they really need to work on that.  When we first walked in Phil Collins was playing and then it went downhill from there.  For the rest of the night they played some weird instrumental music that sounded like it was from a made-for-TV movie on Lifetime circa 1987.  2) The rolls seem to have gotten smaller...I remember them being bigger the first time around. But overall awesome sushi and I'll definitely be back!I stopped in for a quick bite of sushi before hitting the dance floor in Old City. The rolls were a bit more expensive than usual, but that's typical of any place in Old City. At any rate, my taste buds were satisfied. Service was kinda slow, probably cuz the place was full at the time. I guess that's not a bad sign, right?Uzu has awesome specialty rolls.  If you like spicy rolls get the "Fireman Special" roll.  Its a cute little family run place, service was good (even the owner came out to check on us)  We had the place to ourselves and got to sit outside on a beautiful day : )This is by far my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia. We eat here at least once a week or get delivery through grub hub. The fish is extremely fresh. It is a BYOB and a great date spot. The environment is very relaxing and intimate with 6 table tops and a sushi bar. My favorites are the avocado salad and spicy scallop roll. It is a hidden gem!!Just went here recently for the first time, and I am extremely pleased with the choices I made. I ordered about 6 maki rolls to share, and every one was a great choice! The other couple that was dining with me mainly ordered sashimi plates, and had no complaints. They said all the fish on the plate tasted very fresh, and were given an adequate amount of choices. I think the main maki rolls are decently priced, however if you want some of the chef's selections you will pay about $5-10 more per roll depending what you ordered. It is a very small place, so if you do not like tight quarters (especially when the weather does not give you a choice to sit outside) than this probably is not the best sushi place for you to go. It is a BYOB, and the service was friendly and fairly good. Had to ask our waitress a few times about getting water, but the food came out very quickly. They did allow us to make reservations, but I am not sure if that is regular practice for them. Overall, it was a good experience and I would recommend it for sushi.OK, listen. I don't eat fish. So my review of actual sushi is worth little. 
However, I DO enjoy veggie sushi and munching on edamame until I've reached my sodium level for the month, and for that, I have to say, Uzu is great. We sat outside while it's still nice out (RIP dreamy summer nights!) and picked at the goods. Very delicious, and somehow feels quaint in the middle of Olde City. 
The decor inside is adorable, but there was only one other person in there, so we opted for outside. Best part? BYO. 
BYO sushi. 
Who DOES that?!!? Amazing. Absolutely amazing. 
Also, it's about 100 yards from Penns Landing, and you can take an after-dinner stroll to the waterfront and hang out. Date night city. 
People of Philadelphia: Please GO TO THIS PLACE. If it closes, I'll be heartbroken. BYO SUSHI!!! BYO SUSHI!!! NO DAY BUT TODAY!!!!!small portions and poor looking sushi. i did not eat my entrée as result. on the plus side the ambiance is lovely, if you want to sit around and not eat.Uzu is a warm and relaxing BYOB amidst the generally overpriced and sometimes snooty restaurants in Old City. They have creative rolls that are executed well. I had the sashimi roll, which had various types of fish wrapped in a cucumber roll. The Uzu special was the best sushi roll I've ever had! It was an eel roll covered with panko, lightly fried, and covered with Uzu's special sauce. Divine!
Our waiter was very friendly, and the prices were pretty normal for sushi. There aren't a lot of tables inside, so it will be hard for big groups. Uzu is a great family-owned restaurant for a quiet dinner.This place is very small.  About 5 tables.  Very quiet.  It was me and my 2 best girl friends, and when we get together, we can get loud, just because we always have fun with each other.  So it was a bit weird that it was so small and we were maybe a bit loud.  Oh well.
It's byob, so it'll save you a lot.  We got 5 rolls and an order of edamame, all for only 51 (I left 16 tip).  That's cheap!  The lump crap with crunchies roll was amazing.  So good.  The rolls were a bit small.  Luckily I ate prior to getting there.  If you go there hungry, get extra rolls.  
All in all, it was a fun time.  I am not a sushi connoisseur, so I can't really give you a true feeling of the food.  All I ever taste is the seaweed, wasabi, and soy sauce, so don't read this as an end all.  I enjoyed it though.OMG. Best sushi I have ever had. I love sushi I have had sushi all over Philly and I used to live in VA and this is hands down the best.This is the best sushi spot you don't know about. It's tiny, a bit off the beaten path for old city, byo & delicious. And they take reservations! I recommend a combo of hot and cold dishes. The shumai are divine (ask for the wasabi shumai.)  Regular rolls, like spicy tuna are as stellar as special rolls, like crab avocado. Service is friendly and prices are reasonable. This is my new go-to, and I hope it's yours, too.Cliff Notes: Ok sushi, Tiny "Special" Rolls, Go Elsewhere
Went to grab some sushi in the city with a friend, having already enjoyed Vic Sushi, i looked to Yelp for a BYOB with a 4-5 star rating, Uzu fit the bill.
We both started off with Miso soup, which was good, and split a seaweed salad and an order of edamame.
We also ordered white tuna sushi, and 5 special rolls.  The white tuna sushi was good, but the special rolls were tiny.  Each roll was about the diameter of a quarter and 6 pieces, which is the size you expect a regular roll to be, but not an inside out roll, topped with fish.  With our first order being so small, we ordered 4 more rolls (2 special, 2 standard).  
By this time it was getting late, so we decided were finished, not because we have had enough sushi.  The bill: 120, no alcohol, pre tip, ouch.Visited Uzu last night with 3 lady friends! The place is small which provides for a more intimate/low key meal. Steve is very friendly and clearly excited about serving his customers. :)  
The rolls were tasty. We ordered a 6 and a few salads for starters. Heads up - the rolls are not identified when delivered to the table. If you have an allergy/aversion to any ingredients - I would be sure to communicate that and request he identify the rolls. LOVED the Arizona roll with jalapeno and the house salad came with great dressing - more flavor than your average ginger/miso dressing!
If you want water or extra sauces/ginger, don't hesitate to ask! I think some of the disappointments in the negative reviews are a result of communication barriers. They're very nice here. And with only 2 people rolling the sushi, it may take some time... but all the more opportunity to enjoy the company you are with!