Never done this before but ordered take out just for the halo halo dessert. 
Worth it. 
I'd eat this by the tubful if I could. 
The only other restaurant I'd order a single dessert take out would probably be the birds nest from aquavit in nyc. 
So good. Get this dessert now. 
Oh and I'm sure the savory here is also good based on shared lineage with vedge =pCame here for happy hour with a friend a couple of weeks ago and ended up ordering a tequila cocktail and Sichuan soft pretzels  off the happy hour menu, and the Dan Dan noodles, seitan tacos and Peruvian fries off the regular menu. After reading all the reviews I was most looking forward to the Peruvian fries but they were way oversalted and my least favorite thing. My favorite dish ended up being the seitan tacos - the seitan was seasoned and crisped to perfection, and I need the recipe for the sauce that came on the side because I could seriously eat that every day. The dan Dan noodles were also solid (and spicy, as they should be). The pretzels were just ok, I think there was fennel in them which didn't quite work and the ginger mustard had a bite to it that wasn't all that pleasing, and I'm normally one to love all things ginger. Service was friendly - maybe a bit on the slow side, but I wasn't in a rush.V Street has easily become one of my favorite new spots. I'm not a vegetarian, however, the food at V Street could make me become one (I'm sure my friends would like to hear that!). I came here for lunch and then again for dinner a week later - the lunch and dinner menu is the same.  
We tried the following foods:
For starters we ordered the Peruvian Fries and Piri Piri Tofu. The Peruvian Fries were AMAZING and definitely a must have - the large fries come with a sauce that my girlfriends and I were fighting over. The Piri Piri Tofu was good as well, however, I could have done without the chermoula potato salad.  
For our entrees we tried the Langos, Dan Dan Noodles, and Korean Fried Tempeh Reuben. The Langos were similar to a fluffy fried dough topped with smoked beets and sauerkraut.  It was pretty good but small.  The Dan Dan Noodles were very yummy (on par with Hans Dynasty) and nice and spicy! I would say that the Tempeh Reuben is the most filling of the dishes - I was actually surprised how full I was afterwards. 
For cocktails we went with the happy hour menu and got a drink made with vodka and thai iced tea.  My only suggestion would be to add a cocktail to the regular drink menu that has vodka.
The ambiance is nice. The restaurant was actually bigger than I thought it was going to be (it's quite long). It has a nice big window in the front with seating, more seating in the back and then a large bar in the middle.  The service was good as well and the servers were knowledgeable.I wanted to love this but the portions were SO SMALL.
We got Kung Pao noodles and tacos, and it wasn't enough, at all.
The no-alcohol mixed drink I got was great though. It was like a Portugese twist on an Arnold Palmer, very refreshing.
Wait staff were fairly attentive.I went here with friends. I wasnt sure what to expect as someone who eats meat but i have to say the food was amazing and flavorful!! The places is small is cozy. We tried the tempeh tacos and they taste similar to fried chicken and usually i would have to add stuff to flavor but the tacos didnt need anything it was very flavorful. We had 3 people but the tacos come in 2 but they let us add another. 
For dessert we tried the asi kacang, very flavorful with so many different elements!! It was amazing! I absolutely loved it!! This place made it to the one of top of food in philly!Street food - what a great concept for a vegan restaurant. I didn't care for the Peruvian fries, which was the only dish that we left unfinished in a party of five sharing dishes. The piri piri tofu and the langos were excellent, but the Korean tacos were the best! 
The only negative, the space has weird acoustics, the sound reverberated and we could barely have a conversation or hear the waitress. I imagine when the place is not packed for lunch this wouldn't be a problem.I've been thinking about their chile noodles every day since coming here last week. Super flavorful, and hits that sweet spot of vegan food that's actually filling. Stole a bite of my gal's ramen too, also pretty tasty. I recommend getting a drink with their house made ginger syrup as well! Pretty inexpensive on top of that."Great flavor! But be aware that portions are small. Desserts were subpar compared to main"
Noodles are surprisingly luscious without any animal products. Harissa grilled tofu is also tasty but it won't be filling. Very tasty mains.
Fries app was fine. Crispy exterior with flavorful toppings but they are potato wedges so the inside was just bland baked potato.
Desserts were not as exciting. The soft serve of the day was Cuban coffee and it was good but nothing noteworthy. Waffle with ice cream and chocolate drizzle was fine but again nothing noteworthy. And sweet potato parfait was again unimpressive.Really enjoyed the drinks and the bar. Food was excellent (as expected from this Chef and his legacy at Vedge.)
The Shishito and two types of tacos were standouts.Raving about this place! Came here on a Tuesday night with a friend around 7:45pm without reservations and was seated in less than 10 minutes despite how packed it was. My friend is vegan and I'm vegetarian so we figured it'd be a good choice for dinner.
We ordered the Peruvian fries to share- delicious! This dish is bigger than it looks in pictures because there are fries underneath the three big ones I've seen in pictures. I was hesitant to try it because ahi is spicy but the flavor was so rich and truly amazing. 
I ordered the miso butter noodles, which the waitress recommended as a decently filling dish that was not spicy. And yes it was filling and delicious! The noodles tasted buttery but not over the top, and the scallions and ginger flavor balanced it out.
My friend felt very full after eating the Korean tempeh tacos. Even though there were only two tacos, they were decently sized and she said the tempeh was very filling. If you do not like spicy food this is probably not the dish for you. 
For two entrees and a shared item, we paid $36- not bad! Considering the immense flavor and rich taste of the food it was worth it. Our waitress and all the staff were very friendly and accommodating too. Definitely coming back for more!Trusting the reviews and recommendations of fellow Yelpers I made reservations at V Street.  What followed was a memorable meal and lovely way to close-out a trip to Philadelphia.
We were welcomed by an effervescent maître d'hôtel and were seated immediately.  Our waiter, like each staff member I spoke with, was prompt, professional, polite and well versed with the menu.  As a vegetarian, often vegan, I often find myself with limited options when dining out but this time I was spoiled for choice; the entire menu sounded appetizing.  After some deliberation my SO ordered the Peruvian Fries and Kung Pao Noodles while I opted for the Carrot Asado Salad and Dan Dan Noodles.
The atmosphere at VStreet is hip, vibrant, and intimate.  Laughter, conversation and the sounds of clinking silverware become part of the auditory backdrop. Walls covered in neon graffiti, back-lit booths, and metallic fixtures impart a tempered industrial charm.  Strings of lights above give the feeling of dining alfresco.  
It's a bustling night in the city but the noise is low enough to allow a private conversation without raising ones voice.  Our appetizers arrive quickly.  The Peruvian fries, an elevated take on comfort food, were perfectly cooked.  The peanuts were a welcomed textural contrast to the soft yet crisp potatoes and the olives provided just the right amount of salinity. The aji amarillo added a bit of heat and the cilantro rounded out the dish with an herbaceous finish.
The carrot asado salad was bright, savory, fresh, balanced and refreshing; a symphony of Latin American flavors.  From poblanos to pepitas each component made sense and the char on the carrots gave a smokey depth to the dish.
Shortly after we finished our appetizers the waiter surprised us with a free plate of peppered string beans. For those who enjoy bold favors and liberal seasoning this dish is for you. Lots, and I mean lots, of black pepper, sea salt and black vinegar offset still crisp green bean; the interplay kept you coming back for another bite.
After three great courses our entrées arrived. I didn't sample the kung pao noodles, so I cannot comment, but my SO was quite satisfied and judging from the smile on her face it was a well executed dish; or many it was my charming company. =P
Lastly, and unfortunately least, were the dan dan noodles.  I found the plating a bit sloppy and the vegetables amounted to scallions and a bit of julienned zucchini.  The noodles were correctly cooked but as the sauce cooled it glommed onto the everything else and formed a sticky mess. The zucchini and chilis were lost to the rather blasé peanut sauce.  The best thing on the plate, by far, were the grilled mushrooms - smokey, earthy, and delicious - I wish there had been more.Great spot for Happy Hour and/or Restaurant week if you're looking for a change of pace in food. While I've only been for drinks and small plates, the Peruvian fries were definitely more-ish, and the cocktails were tasty!Absolutely worth the price. My boyfriend and I came in and had a ton of small things to split - the Peruvian fries in particular blew my mind. Every dish seemed to represent a different part of the world. Our drinks were tasty and just the right kind of strong.After 4 trips to V street, I feel that we have enough of the flavor of the place to write a review.
First let me say that the place has a cool and interesting vibe--simple, under decorated  in a good way,easy on the eye.
The noise level is deafening.  This may be an age related issue.  We are not millennials.
We have tried most of the menu and except for  the potatoes there is nothing that stands out. And even these have been hit or miss.
The staff has always been helpful and informed, but for a chef that is so lauded, we expected something much more original and tasty.
We are not rushing back any time soon.This place was absolutely amazing! The ambience, the wait staff, the food, the drinks..... spectacular! I will definitely be back. My favorite dishes were the; Sancocho 
Cauliflower, and Peruvian fries (get extra sauce on the side for dipping). If I could choose a place for my first date V Street would do me beyond justice. Good food and guilt free because its veggie !!Had high hopes, and the food lived up to my expectations and was great but because of the service I received I will not be going back. Ordered dinner at the bar( which the host advised me to do since I didn't have a reservation) the bartender who was not busy took forever to come over after glancing in our direction multiple times, never took a second to explain any of the specials or menu until asked and barely gave us the time of day. Made my experience uncomfortable although food was fantastic.So I'm just leaving V street for the first time and I may have to say the food was delicious! There was four of us and everything we got was great. We ordered one order of Peruvian fries, jerk mushrooms, grilled guacamole, miso noodles, south Philly and Korean taco. The flavors were wonderful as well as presentation. Oh, the "Cruz control" drink on their cocktail menus was sooooo good! 
The 4 stars comes from our service being less than average. It took 15-20 minutes for us to order, and then all of our food, appetizers and main courses came at once. Our server never checked on us. But the busser and the woman who was walking around helping were EXCELLENT. They should switch jobs. 
I will be back to eat, but on the dinner shift so I don't get the same server!One of the best veg restaurants I've ever been to. Food, drinks and wait staff were fantastic. Erin helped us and she was the best.V street was delicious! Stopped by for Happy hour. The happy hour drink and food menu is pretty limited but the kentucky blues drink was strong! 
The tofu taco was delicious. Absolutely order one per person. You won't want to share. The cold sesame noodles were good. We also ordered a few items off the main menu. The dan dan noodles was unbelievable!!! A slow spice..definitely order this if you are a fan of spice and mushrooms!Food and Customer service was amazing. Would recommend this restaurant to any vegetarian/vegan. 10/10Took myself out to dinner here after a long day of traveling from Boston, and I'm glad I did! The food was great and flavorful - I highly recommend the cauliflower tacos - and the service was very quick, attentive and friendly. I recommend about two dishes per person; I ordered two and left very full, and the woman next to me ordered three and ended up taking leftovers home (also a good option, of course).Unforgettable lunch! The Broccoli Salad, Carrot Asada, and Peruvian Fries were delectable! We also thorough enjoying the Tempeh Tacos as well as the Mushroom Tacos. The Tempeh were a bit heavier but super flavorful. The Mushroom were on the lighter side, but equally amazing.One of the best vegetarian restaurants that I have been to in awhile! The za'atar flatbread, korean fried tempeh tacos, philly shawarma tacos, and carrot asado salad were all delicious. The dishes were characterized by bold, well-balanced flavors and artistic, thoughtful presentation. They all worked well for sharing! The setting is welcoming, invites conversation, and the service is very friendly and attentive. V Street certainly lives up to its reputation and I can't wait to go back!Fantastic flavors!!!  Every dish was excellent.  Small space and laid back vibe make for a cozy night out.Oh man, this place is out of this world! I love this restaurant and it doesn't even taste like vegan food. You got to come here with several people so you can try everything on the menu because it is all delicious! Stand outs for me are the Peruvian fries, the Korean tacos, and the Dan Dan noodles. Be careful though - in order for vegan food to taste like not vegan food, there are almost always lots of oils and fats used so you'll leave a feel rather gluttonous. I.e. why you need more people to spread the wealth!really really good food. i really liked all the dishes. my favorite was the fries. the cocktails were on the sweeter side.... didn't exactly love them, hence the -1 starI was looking forward to dining at V Street for a few weeks and it definitely lived up to my expectations. As others noted, the restaurant is small and it was very loud but still a nice atmosphere.
The food was incredible and I enjoyed every dish ordered. My favorites were the cauliflower tacos and dan dan noodles. Both were on the spicy side for my taste but still fantastic. The piri piri tofu and jerk trumpet mushrooms were also great. The Peruvian fries were ok, nothing special in my opinion but still good.  Also had the soft serve for dessert and loved every bite.
I left feeling extremely full but it was worth it. I definitely would like to come back to VStreet.This is my go-to happy hour spot. A great little bar that's classy yet simple serving delicious vegan small plates and cocktails. Love that the menu changes daily and never disappoints. Just save room for dessert, still dream of the banana beer Belgium waffle a la Mode I had here over the summer.Amazing experience. I have to say Best vegan food in philly. Must try their Korean fried tempeh taco. Carrot asado salad was delicious. Gr8 service. Fair price. Take at least 4 plates between two people.Korean tempeh tacos were good. I think I would have liked it more if I had eaten in, but I got my food to go since I was in a rush, so the presentation was underwhelming. Tasty, and slightly spicy.V Street was good.  But the dishes we sampled were starchier, heavier, and not as inspired as Vedge - and overpriced for what it was.  For dinner we shared the Langos -- delicious fresh small bialy topped with tender chopped beets and dilled vegan sourcream/vegannaise spread reminiscent of lox on a bagel; and the XO brocolli -- which was literally 6 (or was it 8) florets of broccoli doused with an Asian stir fry sauce.  Not very inventive, and considering that it was 6 florets, pretty steeply priced at $8.  We also had the trumpet mushrooms which were fabulous meaty morsels; and then the dan dan noodles, which was a very small -disappointingly small- bowl of noodles for $12 served with an appropriately spicy sauce and delicious mushrooms.  The best were the mushrooms.  V Street, like Vedge, rocks its mushrooms.  We split the Ais Kacang for dessert and loved every non-vegan tasting thing about this creamy wonderful creation.  I prefer Vedge, which although more expensive, feels a level or three above V street, in creativity, taste and atmosphere.Thank you Vedge for having a little sister!  I couldn't wait and dragged the husband opening weekend.  We sat at the back counter.  I loved watching the kitchen staff do their thing.  It was nice to see Chef Landau in his element.  Before each dish was sent out it was meticulously looked over to make sure presentation was 100%.  They did not spare on details.  I love papadums so we had to get this.  I could eat this endlessly.  The langos was interesting and yummy with the smoked beets, sauerkraut remoulade, and dill.  I loved the mushroom dan dan noodles, I almost wished i didn't have to share.  High five for the korean tacos!  Definitely had to end the night with the halo halo.  I can't pass up taro ice cream.  Everything tasted so fresh and clean.  I can't wait to indulge in their libations soon enough.My wife and I went on the opening weekend and they have already nailed it!  The food was consistent hot and fresh.  The drinks were unique.  The owner was accessible and monitoring the scene.  The open kitchen will invite Vegan oohs and ahs.  I have not had a potato skins in 5 years and was pleased to find not only potato skins but great potato skins.  Ordered a second round  when our friend arrived.  Good location.The best Vegiterian restaurant at center city Philadelphia. 
Small portions but great tasty food. Menu changes every couple of weeks by demand, they  actually took off my favorite dish "masbahah" (eggplant with tahini)
Great bar and great food for VegiteriansI want to like this place but somehow everything my table order was just sooooo spicy.  The peruvian fries was the best dish on the table as it was the only thing we were able to taste.  The dan dan noodles was such a small dish for its price.  It would be a great place for drinks and hanging out watching as people walk by.V Street is delicious! We had eaten at vedge before and loved the food, V street is like a more-laid back and less expensive version of that experience. We love that the menu incorporates a variety of culture's cuisine. My boyfriend and I split one item off each of the three sections of the menu. We also HAVE TO HAVE DESSERT. Especially the soft serve ice cream OH MY GOODNESS. 10/10 recommend for vegans/non-vegans because its amazing what a great chef can do with only veggies!Amazing service. Highly recommend the carrots and the Peruvian fries. The soft serve was such a fun dessert and they switch up the flavors.Seriously overhyped. Went here for the first time Saturday night for dinner with my two friends. I ordered the spicy dan dan noodles while my friends ordered the Peruvian fries, jerk grilled tofu, and miso butter noodles. 
The spicy dan dan noodles were meh. I appreciate spicy food but not if food is just spicy with no flavor. My one friend said that the miso butter noodles were too salty and my other friend thought her jerk grilled tofu and Peruvian fries were underwhelming. And did I mention that the portions are small?
On the positive side the atmosphere is very modern. It's a very trendy place and the wait staff are nice enough.Joined a vegan friend here for happy hour.  I'm not vegan, but I can't wait to go back here.  The happy hour was packed and a bit noisy, but if it were quiet and empty, that would probably be a bad sign. Can't speak to "regular menu " pricing, but the happy hour prices and portions seemed very fair.Some of the best food in Philadelphia. Every dish was flawless! 
Interesting, unique flavors and a fabulous atmosphere!Always a pleasurable and memorable experience. From the food to the service, V Street always leave a great impression. I love going here for special occasions or simple weeknight dinners. The menu is the same, yet different every time. You can find "usuals" such as Dan Dan Noodles or Cauliflower 65. You can find seasonal specials such as beet langos or Apple Pie ice cream. I (shamelessly) always leave wanting more.It was good. That being said, I most likely won't return. I feel like this is more about being "hip and with it" than being a vegan restaurant.. I get that it's tapas inspired, but there is no reason 2 tacos should cost $14, period. There was nothing spectacular about anything we ordered off of their menu of 6 dishes (I may be exaggerating, but seriously the menu is tiny). There is much better vegan food in Philadelphia for way less. If you're vegan and from out of town, don't waste your time.Stopped in for lunch on a Monday around 1:15 and was happy to hear that a table was available almost immediately. The food and service were both great, but the portions are on the small side. My husband and I shared the french fries. I had the Dan Dan Noodles and he had the Reuben. The Dan Dan Noodles were a bit on the spicy side, but our server did warn me ahead of time. The tempeh reuben was quite tasty. We also had a soft serve dessert that was excellent. All in all, a really nice spot for lunch. Just wish the portions were a little larger. Would love to come back for dinner.I've been here quite a few times, but had an extremely good experience here recently. 
I'm not vegan, I don't like spicy food, and I'm not particularly an adventurous eater. The staff was very informative in regards to what was spicy and what could be modified to be less spicy. The service was prompt and friendly. 
The ramen was extremely flavorful and I might go once a week during the winter to recreate the experience. Really awesome place.Usually I shy away from "Asian inspired" places. But this place was awesome, especially considering it's vegan. Definitely should be on everyone's list, not just those making certain dietary choices.  
There wasn't a single dish we had that wasn't awesome, but our favorites were the tempeh taco and the dan dan noodles.
Portions are small for the price, but the excellent taste and presentation make up for it.Amazingly wonderful vegan food. I think we had almost one of everything. The corn was superb. The Trumpet mushroom dish was tasty but more potato salad then mushrooms. The waffle dessert and purple potato coconut whip dessert we off the hook!
As a vegan newbie I appreciate any place that can provide an entire menu of good foods where I can choose anything. Def worth supporting if you live or are traveling to the Rittenhouse Sq area.This place might be my favorite place to brunch in philadelphia now. Everything is so amazing it's impossible to pick something bad. All the food and Beverages are spectacular. VEGETARIAN HYPERBOLE! Do it.I've been dying to try V Street ever since I heard about it and I have to say, I was not disappointed. 
First, I showed up with my date at 7:15 on a Saturday with no reservation. Bad move. The place was packed. This restaurant is quite small and there is basically a 20ft bar with seating, counter space by the window with a few stools, and a handful of tables as well as an even smaller bar in the back. Luckily for me, when I made it to the hostess stand about 15 minutes after arriving, instead of laughing in my face when I told her we didn't have a reservation, she squeezed us into the only two person table in the bar area. Phew. Next time I'll make a reservation.
On to the food. We weren't too hungry, so decided to order one plate from each section and share. We ended up with the Carrot Asado Salad, the Za'atar Flatbread, and the Korean Tempeh Tacos. All three are great choices. The first two dishes came out quickly, within minutes. The salad was really outstanding. The grilled carrot had such a great sweet and savory flavor and the rest of the salad was crisp, flavorful, and perfectly dressed. The Za'atar flatbread was my least favorite of the bunch, but it was my date's favorite. I would have preferred the Brussels sprout slightly more charred and a little crispness to the crust to add some more dynamic texture to the dish. The flavors were all there, though. The last dish was the star for me. The tacos were a good size and the filling was generous. Perfect amount of heat and I loved the large strip of crunchy fried tempeh. A real treat.
The drinks we had were also quite good. Inventive and light, I particularly enjoyed the Arak in the Miles Davis in Byblos drink. Very refreshing and not too sweet.
Needless to say, I'm coming back here to try more of the menu and I can't wait.Wow! Service was great. Eventhough plates are small we got full and over ordered. The tempeh tacos and the cauliflower dish was out of this world! Leave room for dessert.Went to v street on a Thursday night for a 'light dinner' ended up eating way too much.
It's a tiny little restaurant and very busy so reservation is a good idea. There is a happy hour menu that applies to bar or window sections. 
Our greeter and server were both awesome. They are attentive and quick to respond. 
The food choices were interesting. We ordered the Peruvian fries, Brussels sprout salad, tempeh taco, and cauliflower taco. Everything was really good. I've never had such good vegan food!
I couldn't say more good things about v street. My experience was great and can't wait to go back in the near future!This place is pretty impressive....creative dishes and with some incredible flavors makes really  good food. The small portions and slightly high prices don't really take away much from the experience. And to think all this is vegan/ vegetarian!Finally got a chance to go to V Street last night with the husband. Vedge has been my favorite restaurant since it opened and now I have another favorite!  I have Celiac's Disease and they have a separate gluten free menu which makes things really easy! We had the Shishito Peppers (delish) , Jerk Mushrooms (wish they were more spicy) Peruvian Fries (amazing), Carrot Asado (delish) and the Korean Fried Tempeh Tacos (BY FAR MY FAVORITE TACOS I HAVE EVER HAD - ANYWHERE).....the sizing is generous, and I was extremely stuffed and happy leaving after a few glasses of bubbly! Our bartender was also very nice & attentive. Thanks for another great date night :)O
M
G
If you havent been, you need to go!  This place is amazing. The menu is small but excellent. Service and staff were great, and ambiance is super cool. it is a small place, be warned, but definitely manageable. I called ahead since there were no reservations available online and was advised that the bar and open kitchen bar are both available for walk-ins, so we were able to get seated right away. the place was packed!  Bonus, we were at the open kitchen bar so we got to watch the magic happen. 
We tried the carrot asado salad (something like that), peruvian fries, and both of the tacos. Everything was delicious.  I think my favorites were the carrot salad and tacos w/ tempeh, kimchee, and whatever other deliciousness they put in there.  We also tried the waffle desert, which was great, but the actual dinner really trumped it.
Same ownership as Vedge, which is also amazing. V street is way more chill though, and less $$. "street food" style vs. fine dining, to put it simply. 
I can't wait to go back!I have never left so satisfied! The service was exceptional and the food was so delicious that I am still dreaming of the Langos. Please, take my word and delight your taste buds with the Langos. I don't typically eat beets, but holy moly I will now. To die for. To drool over!Food: 4/5 
Ordered: Lagos Brunch Bun and Waffles
- Portion sizes are NOT consistent throughout dishes.
- Lagos Brunch Bun was filling and flavorful. A good blend of tart and sweet flavors, which can be hard to balance. 
- Each waffle had their own dressing which was great. You aren't forced to mix the two flavors if you don't want to, I chose not to. 
- The sesame butter on the waffles had a lot of texture, which Puja doesn't like, but I don't mind. 
Ordered: Po-boy Tacos
-Average flavor. 
-Bloody Mary was spicy.
Service: 3/5
- Nothing exceptional, service was average. 
- When it was busy, you could tell the hostess was stressed. Definitely rubbed off as we entered. 
Ambiance: 3/5 
-Semi-casual for brunch and dinner.
-It's a really small space so be ready to be bumping elbows with people as you eat. 
Would we go back? Yes. (Go for the items that are not a safe choice).Fantastic vegetarian street food joint perfect to go to with a small group of friends to share the entire menu of small plates.  My friend is from India and said the cauliflower "65" was exactly as she remembered it from home. I have lived in China and used to eat dan dan mian regularly. V Street's version is extremely on point and was my favorite of the six items we tried.  We almost went back the next day just to have the dan dan noodles by themselves again. I can't recommend this place enough if you enjoy global street food. I would come back to visit Philly for those noodles alone.Finally! Spicy vegan food!
This is a welcome addition to the vegan food scene in Philly, which, by all accounts, is already impressive.
Highlights - 
1) Curry cauliflower - spicy, smoky
2) Dan Dan Noodles - spicy, noodle-y
3) Langos - basically, a savory donut of deliciousness
4) Piri Piri Tofu - Tofu on a skewer
We didn't fall in love with the cocktails - they are creative but didn't blow us away.  We tried the Cruz Control - sweet but somewhat bland. Bolder flavors needed. My wife liked the Hong Kong Karaoke - accurately described as "boozy."
Will revisit V Street soon!Introduced my husband here to start showing him that vegan food can be interesting. Since he's basically going down the path of eliminating almost all meat and dairy, I wanted to make sure he knew there was a world of eating that didn't have to only be at the Whole Foods bar if he wanted veggies. 
He was so blown away by the 6 plates and both desserts we chose that he wanted to go back and try the rest of the menu, including the happy hour menu which has 3 more plates you can't get on the regular dinner menu. 
It's an exciting new vegan world for him and I'm glad it started at V Street so as not to scare him away. On to Vedge for a serious date night and then on to the rest of the city's vegan eats.Chef Rich Landau is a genius. You will never go wrong with this amazing restaurant. Quality is out of this world. 5 stars all the way. Vegan dream come true but you don't have to be a vegan to enjoy this place.A Rittenhouse gem. Easily one of the best dining experiences I had. The boyfriend took me here on my last visit here and I was so happy we did! The restaurant was simple: nothing too extravagant inside, and the menu short (not to be confused with not enough good food - every dish was memorable).  
We ordered the following:
1. Mushroom dan dan noodles - delicious! I love mushrooms and the gravy of the noodles was perfect. Not too oily, and paired with well cooked dan dan noodles and big mushrooms with the gravy. 
2. Peruvian fries - my boyfriend and I were secretly fighting over these...that good. We kept offering the plate to each other, hoping the other wouldn't eat the last few bites until finally he just ate the last bite #keeper. These fries were some of the best I've had - think thick steak cut fries, with cilantro, onions, and a yellow sauce of some sort. The flavors were unique and like I've never had before!
3. Tempeh sandwich - our favorite part, besides the tempeh which I usually don't love (this was cooked extremely well though), were the pickled pickles. The pickles had a jalapeno sort of juice on them, making them zestier and spicier. Extremely delicious with our sandwich! 
4. House coffee soft serve ice cream - simple but smooth, strong and a perfect end to our meal. 
For drinks, I tried the lemonade of the day, sparkling cherry. A little too sweet for me, and on the higher side, priced at $5 for a small glass, but still very good. My bf had the mustard gin cocktail...sounded weird and also tasted a bit weird. But it worked! Again, so unique . 
We were floored by the service, simple ambiance, and "street" style food.
I recommend ordering 2-3 dishes for 2. We ordered 3 and had trouble finishing everything with our drinks (but of course we wiped our plates clean). The dishes look small but are filling and heavy. 
5/5.Amazing!! My daughter is newly vegan so I was a little nervous to go but it was so wonderful. It's a tiny place and small menu selection but the food is so wonderful. You do need a reservation (for dinner at least) and the food is a little spicy but it gives it that kick. I can't wait to go again!So amazing. Was a little worried we'd still be hungry with small portions but we spilt four dishes with four people and were satisfied. We had Tempe tacos, ban me, Dan Dan noodles, and something else. Im usually not a Tempe fan but this was crisp on the outside and tender inside.the sauces and side vegetable were amazing.We all were quite happy.the cocktails were great.the horchata was to die for. The desserts were inhaled.Had an amazing time at V street today! Had no idea Vegan food can be so so tasty! We had a 7pm reservation but the previous guests took longer than anticipated. We had to wait for 20 or so minutes but it was no trouble, we sat at the bar counter and chatted away. The staff was so courteous and really apologetic because we had to wait. We got the desserts on the house, which they really did not have to do but we really appreciated it. They also gave up a complimentary appetizer. The Dan dan noodles are fabulous and spicy (careful if you don't like spicy food). We also got the Mee goreng which was delicious. The Harissa grilled tofu tacos were so tasty as well. We got the Rose Lemonade and Imli Soda which were great, a bit on the sweeter side though. The soft serve of the day was really good. All in all, the place is great, good food , ambience and excellent staff.Dan dan noodles are tasty and spicy, just what I like. My only complaint is portion size. It was quite small and I wanted more.  Sit in the window if you can.  Great people watching.  They also don't constantly harass you like they do in vedge.  Good work owners!  Just incorporate these business practices into your other spots.Was just ok.  Not worth the trip into the city from the suburbs, but I guess if you are close it beats the chains. The room is pretty and the atmosphere is nice, but If you are looking for a special meal, this is not the place.This place is amazing. We got the Korean Fried Tempeh tacos (divine, 5/5), the Harissa Grilled Tofu (good combo of flavors and almost looked like grilled salmon or something, but was small for the price 4/5), the Smoked Beet Langos (I almost felt like I was eating a muffin w/ lox, but with beets! Also the dill was a great addition 5/5), and the Dan Dan noodles (glorious, chewy noodles and a creamy, spicy sauce 5/5). The waiter was attentive and friendly. Cool setting but loud at 8 pm. The dishes are small. We got two each and were full. Next time we'll share three and get dessert! Please eat here!The food here is next level good. I've been here a few times now and the atmosphere is very fun and lively. Get the Dan Dan noodles if you want some heat.Very impressed! This place would not be a first choice for a late brunch on a Saturday, but glad that our group of four decided to come here!
We ordered the grilled avocado to share, and I got the Philly Pho French Dip while others got the Langos, Korean Fried Tempeh Tacos, and the Phat Noodle Bowl. Our starter was very good! I loved that there was a large helping of grilled corn laid on top of an avocado. Not sure what the orange sauce on the plate was, but it was delicious! I had a few spoonfuls of this, and wish I could have ordered it just for myself!
Not a big fan of seitan, but my Philly Pho sandwich was exceptional! The bread, the broccoli rabe, the long hots, and the small bowl of pho "jus" for dipping. Whoever thought of this dish is a creative genius! The other girls also complimented their meals. However, I did think that the size of Langos and the noodle bowl was much smaller in comparison to the tacos and my sandwich.
I tried one of their drinks: Good Year in Ghana. And I was surprised how well the ingredients worked well together! I mean who knew brandy, banana, walnut, and chili would ever be in a drink? Not too sweet, either.
Our server was very helpful in explaining a lot of the dishes and drinks since half our group were vegan newbies. Highly recommend in checking this place out!Was not disappointed with this meal. Additionally everything came out very fast. There were three of us as we split: dan-dan noodles, Kung pow cukes, charred greens, Peruvian fries, 3 KFTs and the halo halo and 3 beignets and we were very satisfied at the end of the meal. The food is spicy so if you don't like spice this may not be the place for you! Nice ambiance as well.I am in love with this place. I love the vibe, the cocktails, and the Korean tempeh tacos - yumz!Delicious food. It can be sinful if you want - fried Korean tempeh tacos and Peruvian home fries. Or it can be healthy. I didn't try any of that, sorry. The flavors were clear and bold, and special to the country or countries they represented. We loved everything we got. It wasn't a long wait, either.The food was good, I had the Dan Dan Noodles, Corn and Brussel Sprouts. The portions are tiny.Went here for dinner. Food was dynamite! Delicious with the perfect amount of spice. I like spicy food. 
We tried the cauliflower 65.  Tofu ban mi and the dan dan noodles. Everything was a 10.  
Service was great. Wine amazing. I highly recommend this placeI am not a vegetarian by any stretch of the imagination. And V Street was one of the most satisfying dinners I have had in recent memory! My (vegetarian) date and I arrived around 7 on a rainy Sunday and sat at the bar (no problem snagging seats - there were also tables open). I had a cocktail and he had a glass of wine, both excellent. Discussing the menu took a while because there were SO many amazing options! We ordered the Peruvian fries, which were EVERY bit as good as people say. (What is in that sauce?!?!) The langos was a must, based on other reviews, and I think this was our favorite dish - it hit all the right notes, texture and complexity. And we ended with the Korean fried tempeh. Now, I'm not usually a fan of meat-substitute and I had never tried tempeh, but this was delicious. We left sated and happy, especially with the bill!  Prices are very reasonable and food was better than some of the high end Philly restaurants I've tried recently. Atmosphere is sexy and modern without being pretentious. I will be back to try out the mushroom dishes (date isn't a fan, but I am), and am curious about the soft serve and lunch!One of the meals that I've ever had!! Kimchi tacos, roasted corn, & charred broccoli were absolutely delicious & I'm craving them again the day after. Made a kids noodle dish as well for my kiddos (non spicy). Service was great. Vibe is super cool. Def coming back when visiting Philly next time & try drinks & dessert also. Thanks for a great meal & keep it up!!When my wife decided to be a vegan for the month of August, I tagged along for the ride.  I said I will be vegan but not a religious one.  I don't mind the missing proteins, but I love butter and cheese.
When she made reservations for our 21st Wedding anniversary at V Stree,  I was really skeptical.  I love food, there are so many amazing restaurants we love and I was worried about what this would be like.
Well let me say that if I could be a vegan at V Street I would be one every day!  When we walked out we both said we were sad we didn't live next door because then we could eat here everyday.
While the place is loud it is very beautiful.  There is a nice bar in the front along with some high tops, a bar in the back where you can watch the cooking and then a small number of tables in the middle.  It was crowded at the bar and busy. The service was cheerful, fast and nice.  We were greeted and seated right away.  The waiter came by and checked on us quickly and gave us a bottle of tap water.  He suggested 5-6 plates for 2 people and left us to think about it.
The menu is simple and changes from time to time.  There were Sticks, Market, and Plates- all really meant for sharing. We quickly agreed on: Jerk Trumpet mushrooms, Kung pao string beans, Tortilla Cobb salad, Peruvian fries and Mushroom Dan Dan noodles. Prices range from $7 to $12 per plate.
When we ordered we waited only about 3 minutes before the first plate to arrive- we had not even received our drinks.  The kung pao green beans set the tone for an incredible meal.  Spicy, flavorful we quickly finished them off. Everything here has a good spice to it. These are regional takes from places that have spicy flavors and they hit just the right note. The trumpet mushrooms were grilled on skewers with a delicious sweet potato aioli.  Each dish surprised us.  They were spicy, and large enough for both of us to get a nice plate. When we came to the end we were were very happy and full- but not too full to see what this chef could do with vegan desserts.  And they did not disappoint.
We had the waffle with chocolate sauce and soft serve with berry granita.  These were the perfect ending to a beautiful meal.
My two regrets:
It was too loud almost with a great soundtrack playing in the background but that just added to the level of noise.  It would be really nice if they could make a section in the back that was quieter?  Keep the front of house lively with the bar and put in some sound dampening in the back for a more romantic feel.
It went too fast.  We loved every bite but the plates flowed a little too quickly. The perfect places get this just right.  Get the drinks on the table,  bring a dish- watch the table, let them enjoy a bite and bring another. Let them savor the great food.  We were not rushed out, but our very nice dinner was done in under 1 hour.  I know they like to turn over tables but again there is something to be said for enjoying great food like this.
We will be back for lunch, brunch and another dinner soon.First time visitor here for brunch with my husband.  Wow, the food here has such great, complex flavor that you do not miss meat or dairy (if you eat those)!  For brunch, we shared the Za'atar Fries, West Indies Scramble, and Pho French Dip and loved all 3. We have a pretty low tolerance for spice level and found the Scramble and French Dip both a bit spicy.  Our server was super friendly and welcoming.  It was not too crowded or loud for 11am on a Sunday.Comes as no surprise at all that I'd love V Street. I was already well enamored with the delicious and innovative vegetable cooking going on at Vedge. V Street's cuisine is that same Vedge brand o' flavorfully intricate vegan small plates, but done up street food style. I am in favor of this. All of this. So much. 
Surrounded by the cocktail bar's vibrant buzz, there seems to be this collective energy in the air of enjoyment; the thing that happens where all around you are people just geeking out over the food. It feels fun. That's what I'm saying. The vibe of V Street feels both special occasion and fun. Fun food and drink here. The word, "Fun," again, one more time. For our initial visit we had for ourselves a veritable feast of globally inspired bites. From drinks to dessert, and everything in between, everything was absolutely excellent. And now I ramble.
Drinks: I had the Cruz Control. Tequila, horchata, and tepache. Super tasty. Pineapple-y from the tepache (a fermented drink made from pineapple rinds and sweetened with brown sugar, of which I am now obsessed), this colada-esque cocktail was sweet, creamy, cinnamony, and earthy. Loved it. Enjoyed so much I saved the little paper umbrella in it? For no damn reason, I guess, except that I'm becoming a really specific hoarder of tiki drink decorations? More ridiculous stuff to find in my bag.
Every single bite that we had was delicious. Top o' the list of deliciousness was the Langos. The Hungarian fried flatbread was impossibly buttery (without the butters of course), and full of  excellent flavors and textural contrast: crisp and soft, and warm and cool, and bright yet smoky...That's whatcha get with a dish sporting smoked chioggia beets, sauerkraut, and dill. I love this langos and will always forever more order it every time we return. Forever more! That's some, "Mark my words," kinda talk.
Feast continued: The thick-cut wedges of Peruvian Fries, drizzled with aji amarillo and a sprinklin' of peanuts, cilantro, and a salty spike of dried black olives were super tasty start along with an order of crispy-fried, Indian-spiced Cauliflower 65. 
More crispiness was served up in those Korean Tempeh tacos, topped with a kimchee of radishes, grilled tomato, and sriracha thousand island. So good. So good.
Of course we also had to try V Street's version of the ever-enjoyable DanDan Noodles too, and they did not disappoint. Five-spiced mushrooms topped the creamy mound o' noodles with their lil touch of that ma la tongue-numbing Sichuan heat. Wonderful.
Even though we certainly had no b'ness taking any more bites, we're not the type of people to pass up a waffle. The dessert waffle was everything in the world. It's everything, everything I love in a dessert: Sweet-meets-salty, plus ice cream, plus waffle... Warm waffle with banana ice cream, miso-caramel, sriracha peanuts, and ganache. This baby Kafleen love. 
And lemme not forget to praise in heaps every server we've encountered. Service has been great and accompanied by sincere enthusiasm for this wonderful food. 
After our first celebratory dinner gorging we vowed to return ahhhgain. And we have. And whether feasting or grazing some excellent happy hour nibblins, every time a winner. 
Summarizing this I say aloud to muself after listing the tastiness: "Whew... Such good eatin." It's true. Every little dish so thoughtfully comprised, every bite a flavor punch up in this place. 
Endnote that has next-to-nuthin to do with anything at all except that I wanna share:
There's this thing about the place itself, with its graffiti accents on the rustically weathered-looking walls and the twinkly strung lights above, almost like stars... The darkened restaurant and bar reminds me a bit of this one particular ole stompin ground of mine... these abandoned, tagged-up ruins of a building, deep in the woods in the park. Yes, the ambiance is just like that very specific-only-to-me memory, you know, except that V Street has plenty of comfortable banquette seating, two swanky bars, and is all up in Rittenhouse...and not located in the woods on a disc golf course.I feel like this place is surviving on the coat tails of Vedge.  Overall mediocre - too mediocre to justify the prices.  Cauliflower tacos were very good, greens were okay, and then it went downhill from there with over cooked noodles (red curry) and uninspired flavor (Curry and Dan Dan) When the waitress asked if I wanted the noodles wrapped and I said no, they were over cooked, she proceeded to tell me how it is hard to cook rice noodles to be done right.  Huh?  Do yourself a favor and just go next door to their restaurant, Wiz Kid, and get a vegan cheesesteak!  They actually do those right!This restaurant is easily one of the best in Philly. While Philly has so many amazing restaurant, nothing is even close to Vedge and VStreet when it comes to innovation, health, taste, overall quality, and innovation.
The menu is inspired from street food from around the world. Chef Rich Landau delivers bold flavors, unique taste, hints of exotic spices, lasting satisfaction that will have you coming back time and again. 
The best part of VStreet is not just the food, it's the people that work there, they have such love for what they do and it's clear with the way they greet, serve, cook, and feed the grateful patrons of their establishment. It's clear to see that they are all part of a loving and hard working family led by Chef Landau.  
If you're in Philadelphia, this is the only restaurant to visit, if you're smart, go there for lunch and dinner, trust me, it's worth it.