Went here for lunch a few days ago. Memories of my grandmother taking me here as a youngin' to feed ducks came flooding back... and immediately halted as I was chased into the restaurant by an aggressive goose. D:
Great setting and nice building tucked down next to the Wissahickon creek. For the historically inclined they've got an album with lots of information/pictures about the inn. 
The food was pretty good, I had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and green beans. Reasonable serving, not huge. Came with a little cup of fresh fruit! Also had a bite of the grilled cheese, made with brie, gruyere, bacon and tomato. Good as well, and probably made with at least one stick of butter. 
Prices were reasonable with the most expensive entree being $12 or $13. You could easily pay twice as much to eat somewhere half as nice. 
Definitely a place to take the parents, people visiting from out of town, etc.In early Oct. 2013 on a lovely fall night my husband and myself decided to try the
Inn for dinner.  Everyone agrees that it is a lovely place to dine.  The scenery and the
peacefulness is totally relaxing.  We have had lunch here many times and always
enjoyed it very much.  We did not enjoy dinner at all.  High priced, bad presentation
and the food was not very good.  We will never have dinner here again but as I said
IT IS A GREAT PLACE FOR LUNCH AND THE MENU IS MUCH BETTER AT LUNCH TIME.  Also, I want to mention that we only eat here in nice weather because we like to have lunch on the porch.Reserved a table for 8 for my son's small wedding reception (the bride and groom exchanged vows outside the Inn which was fabulous). As others have said, food was terrific but servers were not at all friendly, seemed depressed! Nevertheless, we had a great time.Cute little spot right on Forbidden Drive, yummy food and great atmosphere.  Really feels like you've transported back in time.13 years I have been going here for our wedding anniversary. !7 years we have been going as a couple. This year I walked away in tears in the parking lot. My Dinner, the pork chop dish was so over salted it was uneatable. It tasted like someone dumped a salt shaker, the cap fell off, and they brushed it off. We switched plates and he couldn't bear it either. We complained, and they brought back out the same dish. I think they rinsed it off with water and gave it back. Our meal was $73 for two. No drinks, no desert. Normally I wouldn't care because it was a special occasion, but when I walk out hungry, angry and in tears I can not forgive. We will NEVER be back!!!!Excellent time and meal. At outside on the porch with a great view of the creek. Had dinner this past Friday night.  We had the crab cake app, scallop entree, and Filet of Mig with a bottle of Malbec. I highly recommend this place. Great staff and awesome atmosphere.Just got married at VG this past weekend, it was a amazing. The staff well exceeded our expectations, especially the wedding/events manager, Tegan. The surroundings are just perfect for any couple that enjoys the outdoors and an intimate setting in a fabulous historical landmark. The food was excellent and VG takes care of so much of the details -- getting all our decorations set-up, food, vendor suggestions. We are so pleased with how this special day turned out, thank you Tegan and the Valley Green staff!!This park is like a mini get-away from city life. They have several options as far as trail systems for different activities. They have a long gravel road for easy bike riding/ running walking the dog and so on. They also have some pretty sick MTB trails that will test your skills and is a known hot spot for raiding in the city. You can get maps online for the MTB trail system. If you go to the opposite side of the creek there are really good hiking trails that are some what challenging at some points (rocky,steep). It's a really nice place just look out for no parking signs because PPA is always on the prowl on the weekends when it's hard to park.I went this past Sunday for Brunch. I had received a gift certificate for Christmas, and I have been anxiously waiting for the right time to use it. 
The location is amazing, we sat outside on the porch it was nice and serene. 
To start I got the soup of the day, scallop, fennel and potato. This was nothing more than a broth. No thickness from potato, No heartiness at all!  To the point my bf states maybe you misunderstood the waitress, and she said scallion instead of scallop. But after hearing 3 different waiters describe the same dish. I was in fact correct when I heard scallop, you just couldn't find or taste them in the soup. 
Next up I ordered I got filet benedict- medium well. What I received was a bloody, filet on one croissant and a grey over cooked filet on the other croissant! Maybe if you put them together, it made it medium well? I understand how a chef's idea of temperature could be different than the patron but this was ridiculous. Each filet was cooked completely different!!!
It was the worst food experience I have ever had!I usually don't give out 5 stars but the setting of this restaurant in the middle of a state forest on the edge of Philadelphia is unbeatable.  I was looking for a cool date activity so ended up taking my BF on a hike and then to an early dinner here.  The park itself is beautiful.  I have been several times but never to this restaurant, usually just to swim and hike, but from now on I will skip bringing my lunch/dinner and hit up this place (when I can afford it as it isn't the cheapest place in the world!)
We had an excellent table near the fire place and enjoyed the crackle of the wood against the soft classical music playing.  The crab cake sliders and short rib Mac and Cheese were very  tasty.  We were satiated already BUT we each got a pan roasted chicken with sweet potato puree that was excellent and so worth the stuffed feeling afterwards.  Obviously to full for desert we had to leave but we enjoyed everything along with the fine service.  We will be back.Had lunch this afternoon and was amazed by the great food and unique setting.  This gem is tucked away from the city bustle and well worth the 20 minute trip from center city.  Without a doubt, Valley Green is a must-do experience.  A peaceful after-meal quiet walk is just outside the front porch.My husband and I had our wedding here and it was amazing. The price was right, the food was delicious, and all the decorations and tables looked wonderful. The weather that day was a little hot but other than that everything else was perfect. Besides having our wedding here, I have gone here as a child with my parents on their wedding anniversary and we always enjoyed it. I recommend this place to anyone that is going to be getting married.We had a lovely lunch, with great service! It's SOOOO beautiful. The prices are great. It's inside the lovely park. I loved it.I cannot say enough good things about my great experience with a luncheon at the Valley Green Inn.  The luncheon was held on short notice and despite just two days notice went off without any issues despite my miscalculation on start time (we ended up arriving 30 minutes before my estimated time) and my underestimating the number of attendees by about 25.  Maggie was great to work with, although I think I stressed her a little with the underestimate on attendees, sorry about that Maggie.  The setting was wonderful, room comfortably accommodated the nearly 90 people we had in attendance and everyone commented on how delicious the food was.
Thank you again Maggie for making the luncheon planning and execution the easiest thing I had to do that week!Would not let us sit on the porch for drinks.
Had to have them in the dining room.
Reason given was that they would have to clean up the table after we left.
Does that mean they leave the table in the dining room dirty?
2 drinks = no mess.
Hostess was a frumpy young woman.
No pleasantness at all.
Another couple left w/o ordering because they were left waiting.
Manager needs to wake up.
Did get an excellent Margarita..
This was at 5 PM on Memorial day.we were here for a wedding not too long ago. the setting is gorgeous, because it sits right along the wissahickon creek. the wedding was all outside under a lovely patio with stone floors and walls. the cocktail hour was throughout the place, but with cold appetizers and extra tables along the front porch. there were also the typical butlered hors d'oeurves like bacon-wrapped scallops. (i know they're frozen - they always are. but like everyone else, i can't get enough bacon-wrapped anything.) there were also stuffed marinated mushrooms, which were really tasty. the cold appetizers included cheeses, cold grilled veggies, hummus, etc. i had never seen hummus for a cocktail hour, but was pleasantly surprised. 
for dinner, my fiance had the filet, which was cooked very well and was very tender - much better than lots of other places that serve random pieces of cow, cut into filet-shaped pieces.  i had the duck. it was very well cooked. quite frankly i don't remember what it came with... because of the open bar. on that note, i will say that the bar is very small. other than that, the place is great for a small affair (less than 100 people). i would love to go back and have a real meal here.Have been here for a few Mother's Day brunches which were average.  But had not been here for dinner in many years. Decided to give it a try. Don't do it!!  I had the scallops which are normally one of my favorite foods.  These tasted like scallops in salt water.  Perhaps they are soaked in a salt preservative and the chef forgot to rinse them off.  I could not eat them. They were laying on a soggy risotto that absorbed all the salt water as well.  I actually had to get up twice during the night to drink water!  My husband had crab cakes that did not taste anything like crab. The most peculiar taste that I could not identify. Waitress asked how our food was because she could see that we did not eat it. We did not make a big fuss- just told her the truth.  They only charged us for one entree which was decent.  Seems that it may be ok for brunch and for al fresco dining but would def not suggest dinner. So tired of paying so much for dinner and everything just seems so mediocre!I loved this place! Came out for a walk with my boyfriend and grabbed a light dinner. It was a beautiful misty late afternoon and we sat out on the porch and had a fantastic waitress who reminded us very much of a pleasant and slightly whimsical family member. She made us feel as though we were over her house for supper and she answered all of our questions about the menu with enthusiasm. I ended up getting the appetizer she suggested and I absolutely LOVED it. The baked Brie with fruit is to die for. Everything about this place is fantastic. I highly recommend :)Nice treat for those who walk the Forbidden Drive trail! 
It was the perfect Saturday to do a two-ish mile walk from the Bell's Mill parking lot. Many were either jogging, biking, sightseeing, and breathing in the nature all around. It's a popular brunch spot, and luckily, there were some tables available on their front porch. It was slightly chilly, but I would have taken an outside table over the inside to do some hardcore people watching. Kids, adults, and dogs were bountiful, and I enjoyed the background and the tranquility of our surroundings.
I ordered the French onion soup, and the grilled cheese sandwich with sweet potato fries. The fries are made in-house! The soup was a warm welcome, and found it pretty much perfect. Not too salty, not too hot, just enough onions, and a very thick layer of cheese. Each spoonful was delicious.
That sandwich! I will want to make this at home. The sandwich is a mix of brie, gruyere, cheddar, and provolone cheeses, caramelized onions, tomatoes, and bacon on grilled Challah bread. Ah-mazing! Since I was going to walk off my meal, it didn't matter how much butter or calories that meal had. I will gladly eat anything with cheese and bacon in the same bite. The chips also need an award because they were salted every so lightly, crispy, and took up more than half my plate. Again, not complaining.
I would recommend this to anyone that seeks outdoor dining. It was definitely worth the four miles.We went here for brunch for my birthday.  Yes, it's pretty pricey for eggs or French toast, but the food was very good, can't beat the ambience and people watching from the porch.  I have to say, that the older middle aged lady who was our server was awesome.  Best and most attentive I've had in years.  It was like we were sitting in her kitchen and she was we were happy and stuffed.  Only problem we had was a couple who sat down with their big dog who barked loudly at every dog who was on the trail.  Not the restaurants fault, just a ignorant dog owners fault.We came here on a Saturday morning for brunch (4 adults). The food was excellent, large portions and the tuna was fresh, so five stars for the food. Our waitress (Eve) was friendly, but our encounter was a bit odd. We ordered 1 appetizer, a soup, and 4 entrees. She brought the soup, the appetizer and 3 entrees together, but didn't mention anything about the 4th entree (which was just a burger). 15 minutes later, we figured it's obvious that they've forgotten about the 4th entree. Since the portions were sizable, my boyfriend went and told her that if they haven't started preparing for the 4th entree, it's okay just take it off the check. We went on and enjoyed our lunch (I shared my entree with my boyfriend), but we never received an apology from anyone. There were a lot of staff, so they definitely weren't understaffed.
When we got the check, I tried to ask what happened (just to find out what went wrong), and the answer she gave was "the kitchen was taking a long time", but again, no apology.
So I guess we will never find out what happened. The food was great. Service could've been better!My family of four goes in four different directions 24/7. So....I brought them here for Easter dinner. What a perfect experience! My twenty-something daughters were in love with the relaxing and historic setting, and the food was tremendous. Plated perfectly with colorful sides, our server was polite yet warm and never far from our signals. We had a great dinner and the high price was worth the memory we made.Lovely, historical, exquisite. Succulent crab cakes in true Maryland fashion. (Psst! They do outdoor weddings on the lakefront just outside the door).I can't recommend their Sunday brunch highly enough. This restaurant is truly a gem. In our case, I booked for the 10:00 AM opening on New Year's Day 2016, which may sound crazy, but turned out to be a great way to start the new year. (This was not a Sunday, but on this holiday, they serve the Sunday brunch menu - something that I'm not sure is clear from their web site.) If you want to do brunch (or even lunch) I recommend that you don't drive in and park in the lot at the Inn; instead, park at one of the more distant lots (the Kitchens Lane lot for example), then take a walk along the Wissahickon on Forbidden Drive. (On the way back, take the trail on the other side of the creek - there's a great view of the restaurant from across the creek, especially in winter when the trees are bare - plus you get to walk through the Finger Bridge.) There's something really special about taking the time to walk, and then arrive at this restaurant, which is so evocative of the pre-automobile era. During our New Year's visit, the Inn was decorated for the holidays, which was charming, and with the wood fireplace actually providing the heat for the dining room. (I wouldn't sit too close.) 
Our server, despite having worked the New Year's Eve dinner the night before, was great. She was so enthusiastic about the menu, and rightfully so. She made us feel really welcome and appreciated. (This was probably the earliest time of day that I've consumed an alcoholic beverage - the hot buttered spiced rum was quite a treat.) The brunch is a $30 prix fixe two-course menu - a truly excellent value. Their house salad was excellent, and the lobster frittata was as well. But I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. The one glitch, noted quite appropriately by another Yelper, was that the side of potatoes is served with a meat sausage. This didn't bother me much, but I don't eat meat, and would have declined to have it on my plate if I had the choice. (My wife, however, vouches for the excellent quality of them.) Next time, I'll say "hold the sausage". Nevertheless, we'll definitely be walking back again for brunch before long.I was in here over the weekend and really disappointed by this place.
First of all, the smell walking in, reeked of musty incents and the temperature of the restaurant was very warm.  The temperature remained warm the entire time I was in there, even after I asked the waiter if their air conditioning was working.
Second issue-I don't feel like the dining room was clean, because I witnessed several spiders freely roaming the walls and window panes. The bathrooms weren't that clean either.
The service was okay, but the food was subpar.  I really didn't like the fact that they threw a big fat piece of sausage on each plate, without noting on the menu that all items come with sausage. I do not eat pork for religious reasons and this was a bit of an insult. I honestly don't think it was listed on the menu (If I had seen it listed, I definitely would have asked them to hold it), but I could be wrong.
I took the sausage off the plates and put them to the side. I remained quiet because I am not the type of person to make a big fuss.   
As for the food, I had the house salad which was bland, and the cheesesteak omlette which was good, it's just kinda hard to focus on food when sitting in a hot environment with spiders crawling the walls behind you.  
I will not be back anytime soon.Service is very slow....been here many times always same thing.....10 min wait for a server and another 10 min for a beverage.....and I always sit outside and it's not busy.salad and 2 beers should not take an hour.Nestled in Fairmount Park along the trail is this old landmark inn.   I went there a few years back and thought the food was grim.  They solely got business based on their locale.  Things have changed over the past few years.  While the back won't win any Michelin awards soon, the food is much improved. Em and I stopped there during a walk on a beautiful day a few weeks back, and our lunch was really tasty.  I had a fajita wrap that frankly, I could have had another right then and there if decorum weren't a factor.  Friendly staff and the occasional horse strolling by made it even more enjoyable.  
I always thought this place was a missed opportunity.  To have a great restaurant in the park would be novel and a destination dining experience.  While it's still nowhere near that, it has improved ten-fold and that gives me hope that maybe one day, it will be THE place to be.  Until then, get some exercise along Valley Green and then stop in for a nice meal.  A wonderful way to spend an afternoon.We visited The Valley Green Inn today for Mother's Day brunch. The whole experience was lovely. The brunch was served buffet style while was nice as we could sample all the delicious offerings. The omelet of the day (goat cheese with broccoli rabe and short rib) was very good as was the Belgian waffle with fruit compote. The service was excellent today as well - servers were very attentive and helpful.  And the Inn is just charming - this was the first time we sat inside in one of the colonial dining rooms.Yuck. I made reservations for 6 at the Valley Green Inn to celebrate my brother's graduation from SJU. Based on the iffy Yelp reviews, I didn't expect the food to be spectacular, but thought the beautiful, historic setting would be more than enough compensation for what I thought would be acceptable food. Ugh. How wrong could I be? This place doesn't even approach average. 
A few of us order the calamari appetizer. It came out barely warm and everyone who ordered it ended up passing around the salt and pepper shakers because it was so bland and flavorless. There seemed to be no seasoning at all, not even salt - just a plain flour batter and calamari of questionable freshness. It was also served with what is described as "lemon aioli", but should be more accurately called "Lemon Flavored Jello Packet mixed with Hellman's Mayo". I SWEAR, you guys. This, uh, "aioli" had a sharp, artificial lemon note that would be better suited to one of those gelatin desserts you find at nursing homes and $12.99 all-you-can-eat buffets.
Four people in our party ordered the grilled cheese. I don't blame them- the menu description sounds absolutely delicious. Double cream brie, cheddar, gruyere, caramelized onions, and bacon? Um, yes please. But actually, no, not really, because somehow, even all those gooey cheeses couldn't overpower the taste of the stale, dry bread it was served on. 
Despite my companions' poor reviews of the grilled cheese, I was hopeful that my Yuengling battered fish sandwich would be a redemptive experience. Nope. Soggy, greasy fish meets dry, stale bun. And if that wasn't bad enough, my sandwich was topped with the same vile, lemon aioli that came with the appetizer. Despite my ravenous hunger (we had been at the graduation ceremony since 7am that morning), I couldn't bring myself to eat more than a bite of this fishy abomination. I sent it back and the waitress later removed it from the check.
Finally, my mom, a perennial healthy eater, decided to splurge with the Wissahickon Burger. Don't ask me what makes this a "Wissahickon" burger because it was literally a plain hamburger with lettuce, tomato, and onion. I asked my mom what she thought. Her response?
"Meh. It's...okay."
If you've been keeping score so far, then you realize that my mom's admission of her burger's absolute mediocrity, was the highest praise given to any of our meals. Pretty sad, huh? 
All in all, our cold, mushy, stale, artifical lemon-flavored meal came to $200. No alcohol.
We all left disappointed but no one more so than my brother, who was expecting a memorable lunch to commemorate his achievement. Sorry, Craig.Enjoyed my dinner at the Inn again, visited there in the summer of this year & dined on the porch, this time had the pleasure of sitting by their cozy fireplace. Food was amazing, service was attentive & friendly. Was seated by a gentleman who suggested that we might like to sit by the fire, so he promptly reset that table. We split an Inn salad ( which was divided in the kitchen for us ) it consisted of fancy greens, red beets, goat cheese, candied walnuts , etc. Our dinners .... short ribs with Mac & Cheese, swordfish with kale were wonderful !!!!! It was worth every penny. Loved, loved the entire evening. You should try this place, either summer or winter your dining experience will be most enjoyable.Tried to stop in on a random Sunday and it's only open for reservations. I was totally frustrated. Hopefully, I will have some updated reviews for you this coming Sunday, as I made a reservation for my moms bday.
Finally......on Sunday, June 7th, only my husband and I had the pleasure of eating at the Valley Green Inn. I had the  cream of asparagus soup and the Philly Omelet. The soup was good, however it had a lot of stringingness to it. I had to constantly take strings out my mouth, but the temperature was on point. The Philly omelet was not what I quite expected. Everything but the cheese on the inside was cold, even my steak. I was very disappointed that I didn't finish my food. The potatoes were ok and so were the sausages. Some of the waitress/waiters were ok and very attentive and some were not, I guess it all depends on who you get and when you go. I was a little disappointed as I live close and would have loved to experience more dining here, however I am not sure if I will.My third time in this lovely establishment, love the scenery. Last visit in March was a disaster (everyone has a bad day) however, Todd our server, made up for it this visit. We ordered drinks, chicken liver, crab cakes and cheese-steak sandwich finished with the apple-cobbler - DELICIOUSLY DELIGHTFUL - the presentation, taste, friendly waiter brought it all together perfectly. Afterwards we took a stroll in the park with out amazing pup and got away from this crazy thing called life. Come and enjoy a pretty day.The brunch here is amazing! It's a small dining area so there is often a wait. The area is so pretty and the walking trail is right there.I am a native Philadelphian and currently living in Chestnut Hill;  just a mile and a half from Valley Green Inn.   For years I have enjoyed this place.   The ambience,  the service,  the food.  Today as a "thank you" for a favor a friend treated me to lunch here.   We had a reservation for 130PM.   We arrived at about 1PM and fed the ducks.  When we entered the restaurant we were both practically knocked down by the servers rushing to attend the customers on the porch.  The dining room was only half full.  It was a nice day and many folks chose to dine alfresco.   I don't like alfresco dining.  Too many bugs.  We were seated in a corner and our server was apparently on leave from US Marine basic training.   She rattled off the specials so quickly that I had to ask for a translation.   I ordered a Reuben and a merlot.   Warning!!! Do not order Jewish deli food from an American restaurant...  I needed the jaws of life to cut through the bread.  They must have a special formula for Jewish rye...something with cement.  She also said that she couldn't serve a Reuben without Russian dressing because it was already prepared.   How I miss the R & W deli at 19th and Walnut.   I appreciate attentiveness but our server was intent upon us finishing and leaving as quickly as possible.     I'll dine here again when there is a staff replacement...shouldn't be long.   Every time I dine here there is a whole new staff.   New faces every visit.  Hopefully the next time the staff won't be such supercilious creeps.    The 15%-20% gratuity is not a peremptory command.   It's no wonder so many servers regard their customers,  (dare I say guests?)  with such contumely.Super disappointed.  Look, I knew that I wasn't going to a high end place but I expected at least good food.  My family and I went on Mother's day and were offered the buffet at 6pm.  You could tell we were getting the leftovers from the busy day.  No plates, exhausted staff, dried up carving station....I thought for 40 dollars per person, 15 for the kids, there would have been a larger and fresher selection.  My husband who is not picky actually described his prime rib as rancid.  Most of the desserts were well thawed from their Sysco boxes I guess.    I will stick to buying ice cream from the side window after weekend hikes.  So bummed.
Note about where we were sat as well. When we arrived, we asked to sit on the porch.  Looked to be tables available.  The host said, "oh but we have a great table for you by the buffet and you can see outside!"  And then sat the four of us a table that easily could seat eight, yup, right in front of the sad carving station and near the buffet in the side tent, with absolutely no view of outside.  I've had nicer meals in fire halls.  He totally just didn't want us taking up a valuable inside or porch table and that was super obnoxious.If kathy bates had a restaurant this would be it! Every element of this place is simply awful except for the location. Avoid at ALL costs.My husband and I held our wedding reception here at the Valley Green Inn. We did not have a formal wedding but instead held a small tree planting ceremony with our family by the river. We used the venue to celebrate afterwards with extended family & dear friends. The food (buffet) was delicious, especially the black bean cakes! Everyone was raving about those. We were blessed with good weather that day and the foliage was great (in November). The scene of the Wissahickon was a great backdrop for pictures and the children guests had plenty of room to play and roam. The staff were great and very friendly to us! It was easy planning indeed and we had a great day! Maggie, our event planner, was great! She was very easy to work with and made our celebration go the way as we planned!The food here is delicious! We also had our wedding here and it went perfectly, I can't speak highly enough of this place!
1. Location: We were lucky and had great weather (even though it was forecasted to rain!). All the guests commented on how beautiful the setting was. We also had a very family-friendly wedding, with lots of kids in attendance, and this was the perfect venue as the kids could run out by the creek, feed the ducks, explore a bit if they got restless. 
2. Logistics: Tegan was really easy to work with. I really appreciated that VGI was very upfront about their costs and about what to expect (i.e., Fairmount Park has lots of runners/bikers that will be running by during your ceremony, parking can be a challenge if you've got a lot of people). I really liked that they didn't try to "sell" me on the place (the way a lot of venues do), they just presented the pros/cons and gave me complete information to make a decision. Tegan was super responsive and made the planning process extremely easy and stress-free
3. Food: We had a brunch wedding and the food was delicious! They are also extremely accommodating of kids and of people with food allergies. 
4. Staff: The staff was wonderful, from Tegan to the bartenders to the servers. Many of our guests commented on how nice everyone was!
5. All-Inclusive: I loved that the VGI packages also included all the linens, the floral centerpieces, the cake from Bredenbeck's (YUM!), and they help you set up/break down your decor. It took a lot of things off my plate and made the planning process much simpler.
6. Value: We felt that the Inn was a great value. The prices for the meals and the room rental fees/minimums are extremely reasonable and you get so much with the package, that it really is an incredible deal. 
It's a beautiful place to get married, I can't recommend it enough!We had dinner there last night.  The menu is different than any posted on line anywhere I looked before we went there. I had a side salad $8.00 - it was all greens not even a slice of tomato or cucumber. Choice of 3  dressings (not the usual ones).  The chicken dinner was okay. It was nothing special. We asked for more bread and never got it. My husband enjoyed the soup of the day- a little spicy and was not real hot. He got the fish of the evening- salmon. He said it was fine nothing real different. The couple we were with said the food they has was good. It was their choice to eat there. Menu has less choices. Our friend asked if things changed - our waiter told us they got a new chef recently. It took an hour after ordering to get our entree.  It was warm in the room and smelled a lot of fireplace ashes.( it was 90 degrees out). I asked my husband afterwards what he thought. We both agreed that we wouldn't go back. The parking lot and drive to get there was bumpy and holey. As we walked, I got a nail in the bottom of my shoe! Enough said.This is a beautiful place in in the middle of a park by a stream.  Having lunch on the porch on a beautiful day is one of life's pleasures.  Since our last visit in the fall they have changed chefs and the menu and my two favorite items are gone.  The previous chef did a fish sandwich that I could dream about.  Also gone is a world class cheese sandwich.  This time I tried the fried chicken sandwich and it was good but I kept thinking about that fish sandwich.  My wife had the portobello sandwich and didn't care for it.This is hands down one of my favorite restaurants. The food is amazing. The first time I went I had lamb chops with root vegetable puree and smoked applesauce. YUM! I couldn't stop talking about how good the food was during the entire meal. 
The staff was very courteous, and our server even explained the history of the inn. The ambience and decor were great. They have indoor and outdoor seating. If you are not a fan of cigarette smoke (like me) you'll want to eat inside.Although the Inn is frustratingly hard to find, it's great to have good food that you can hike or drive directly to in the middle of a forest.  However, GPS is not helpful when you are driving around a forest, so be sure to pull the directions and phone number off the website.
I had the smoked salmon benedict, which was really good.  Sometimes places use fish that is too salty, but this was well-balanced and on a tasty croissant (rather than on the usual English muffins).  The sausage was good too, although I thought the potatoes had a slight bitter taste. The free bread basket was fine, with the carrot cake/bread being the best by far, the muffins being okay, and the berry/walnut bread being just...odd. The cappuccinos and lattes were a big hit.
The 3 stars could be bumped up to 4 with better/more AC, more attentive service (you shouldn't have to ask for water multiple times when you're only being cooled by a fan), and higher quality "included" items (e.g., potatoes and tea selection) for the $19-23 prix fixe brunch price.I tried to give this place another chance but 10 minutes for a waitress to even acknowledge me and then I asked for a sample of the champagne, she walked by me twice and didn't even ask if I wanted it. Guy doing the water said that the brunch was a nightmare. Everyone in this place is absolutely miserable. Walked out. Never again.My Brother and his wife got married here a few years back, and before that a good friend and her husband also tied the knot here. This place is known for it's ambiance, and not so much for it's food. 
If I could review the walking trail, I would give that five stars- but alas...
I am stuck reviewing the Inn itself. 
If you are looking for a place to go on a first date--nice.
If you are looking for a great place to hold a smallish wedding--real nice.
If you are tired and hungry while on a 5 mile trek- great place to stop and eat. The food, the staff and the decor were all right on the day we ate there. Simple sandwiches and salads at a decent price. Ok by me!So disappointed - have been looking forward to a meal here for a long time. Finally went, only to have an overpriced brunch - $19.95 for an entree, $8.50 for a watery bloody mary. I ordered chilaquiles & it was mostly a platter of chips. The waiter brought my husband the wrong dish & when we said so, he argued "No, this is what the ticket said" - just an unpleasant experience overall.We love this place!  We usually come for lunch on Saturdays or brunch on Sundays.  It's a fixed price brunch, but well worth the money.  You get an entree, drink, "app" and bread basket.  Everything I've had here has been well seasoned and tasty.  It's in such a beautiful location, and awesome historic building - makes one feel like a real Philadelphian.  
Our favorite thing to do is park at one of the lots a couple miles away, walk in, eat like little piggies, then walk back to the car, and we don't feel quite so bad about indulging a little in food and bevvies.We came here for a business retreat and we liked the cabin vibe, but I was a little bit disappointed by the level of service as the coffee were not attended to, the container spouted explosively scalding coffee everywhere. The food was slightly lukewarm and subpar. That being said, there is free wifi and you get access to a beautiful park, filled with amazing trails and gorgeous sceneries.The food was wonderful! Had the baked brie appetizer - deliciousness. The filet mignon was perfectly cooked. 
The atmosphere was great too - got to sit by the fireplace. Super cozy on a cold winter night.Wow. Great service and food in a beautiful venue! 
We had seen VGI show up on some lists for wedding receptions and we eventually checked it out. We immediately liked it. Tegan was super prompt and professional and worked with our budget all while instilling a ton of confidence. 
During the tasting, we tried so many dishes and all were good. We had a tough time choosing. If you're vegetarian you'll have lots of options as well. 
As the planning continued, Tegan was incredibly patient with our questions and changes and on the big day, she and her team impressed the hell out of me and our guests. Everything was set up just as promised and all looked fantastic. 
Getting married in Philadelphia can be expensive and many of the historical places have strict limitations and rules (no red wine at one place) so if you want history, beauty, nature, good service and food in your wedding - check out Valley Green Inn.Me and one of my besties ate lunch here in 10/25/15 service was ok very cozy and clean fresh flowers on the table very nice decor. The food taste good I ordered cream of mushroom soup the green salad with the smoke salmon rolled up.. very fresh greens. My girlfriend ordered french onion soup with the crab cake sandwich.I must say everything was good.My husband and I took his parents for lunch and it was delightful. Once again our waiter (a different one) made us smile--this time because he sang the names of each and every dish dish as he placed it on the table :)
I highly recommend the Mushroom Bisque, Grilled Cheese and the Pistachio Gelato (The Chocolate Pistachio Pate is flavorless however--skip it).
Lunch at the Valley Green Inn is the meal to try. Will definitely return.Came here for a chilly Sunday brunch with my husband and dog. It's a nice place to walk to from Manayunk that really takes you away from the city. 
The view was really nice and the service was pretty good. The food is really only OK, though. I had the Brie stuffed french toast, which was OK. The tomato soup was very good. My husband went for the Eggs Benedict, which were also OK. The Caesar salad was not good. Pastries weren't very good either. The butter was served very cold and impossible to spread on the soft, crumbly breads. On the bright side, my dog loved the sausage that came with the meals. 
With tax and tip, it comes to about $25 per person. It's a lot of food and you're definitely full for a while, but I don't know how inspired I am to return.Really good food just a tad overpriced in my opinion! But the views are nice and staff is okay. The blonde seemed like she didn't want to be there but my brunch was goodIn the middle of fairmount park. you have to HIKE to get to it, but it's worth it.  one caveat: for breakfast only.  The other meals I've had here weren't up to par. Breakfast is perfect.  And catch a wedding in the park on the weekends. Almost 4, but the non-bfast options bring them down.What a great place for foodies and outdoor lovers. In the middle of a huge park with a river running in front. This is an old historic inn that has now been converted into a world class restaurant. The service, the food and the drinks were top notch.Love it. Good for mothers day. Good for just hanging after a nice walk. Great drinks, great salads. My boyfriend's meatloaf was a little dry. Everyone else's meals were delicious.This is the spot I took my wife after I proposed 15 years ago.  We were young and having just proposed the food was not top priority.  
We decided to eat here on our 15 year anniversary- Looking forward to a great night of good food and great scenery.  we wanted to sit outside on the porch.  We got a sitter - had a nice walk from the top parking lot to the Inn.  We were seated and waited and waited for a drink order.  My wife was dressed nicely and I was as well.  We were seated among sweaty walkers and runners and babies.  Not usually a problem but just not what we were expecting.  The food was extremely expensive to be eating among the runners.
We ordered a drink, finally, and then looked over the menu - Honestly we almost left to go to our local Italian spot - we thought "good god" we are going to spend a fortune on dinner.
we decided to stay.  Food was good - not spectacular and the price was way too high.  
Great ambiance for a casual stop in but still not worth the price.We had our wedding there a few weeks ago. The location is amazing!! Gorgeous! You seriously can't get any better than Forbidden Drive. The Inn is also gorgeous as well. The price was very reasonable. We didn't want to have to worry about little things such as linens, center pieces, utensils, etc. The price also included the cake from Bredenbeck's. So they took care of everything and we were happy with it. We just supplied the decorations. The food was good too. The reason I only gave 4 stars though was because of the service. Back when we went for the tasting, it was like they weren't aware of us coming. They also didn't have one of our choices that we wanted to try. Not a big deal, but they just weren't too prepared. And the staff always looks so glum. A friendly smile goes a long way. :) On the wedding day, there was no guidance as what to do before the ceremony. They don't do rehearsals so anything we rehearsed outside the night before was on our own. As for what happens after the ceremony, we weren't sure. We needed somewhere to go since people were arriving and it was about 30 minutes before start time. But no one knew where we were supposed to go for the time. Our day-of planner was no where to be found. So we made ourselves comfortable in the room to right of the entrance, where the night before we were told by I believe the manager (middle aged man, grey hair and mustache and glasses) that that room gets used for the party (we asked when we ran our rehearsal). The tables were filled with dirty plates, leftover cake, high chairs...a party had just left this room. So we sat there still unsure if we were even supposed to be in that room! No one came and no one told us otherwise. Finally we asked if we could go into the bar area because that room was disgusting. When in the bar, I spoke to our day-of planner and she said that room we were in was only used if you rent the entire inn. I understood that when she told me, I just did not understand why we weren't told where else we should have been then. We would have happily gone to the appropriate place. Even sitting in the bar, no one asked the bridal party if they wanted water or anything. In fact, the bar tender was putting on her socks behind the bar as one of the groomsmen asked for a drink. She told him to hang on a minute... I was just very surprised with how things went on our wedding day. Perhaps if the event coordinator was there things would have been a little different. She was easy to communicate and work with prior to the wedding. Either way, we were not greeted when we got there, the staff looked at us as if we were an inconvenience, and the day-of planner seemed overwhelmed and bothered. I didn't feel like they were as professional as I assumed they would be at Valley Green Inn. I was just really disappointed by this. Overall, the wedding was gorgeous and thankfully our guests received better service!We must say that the ambience is awesome. We sat on the porch and watched the joggers & dog walkers go by in an ideal park setting. There was even a wedding ceremony taking place next to the creek right in front of the Inn.
That is 3 stars. The food? Mediocre at best. 
The presentation was good but both of our meals were under seasoned. I would expect this at a diner who charged half of what they charged.By far the best restaurant location in Philadelphia!  Valley Green is nestled right along the Wissahickon stream and appears to be a restored carriage house.  They've successfully preserved the historical integrity of the property and nothing is out of place.  If you're in a colonial dining mood, this is your place.  I imagine they put on a nice Thanksgiving dinner, too!  However, Valley Green is not a place you'll stumble upon as you drive down the street; it's literally in the middle of the woods!  If you hike the Wissahickon, you've no doubt seen it before...
The menu at first is odd, but after trying a few items, you slowly realize that it's a reflection of everything they know how to do well - comfort food.  Tey do, however, have a more modern twist on things and it's worth going crazy and trying something you've never had before.
We haven't tried the brunch yet, but I've heard great things and that will be part of trip two to Valley Green.Such a nice location and historical feel.  Our food was delish- I had scallops.  Crab cake also very good and onion soup with caramelized onions!  Waiter was true gentleman!  Kid-friendly!  Consider bringing some bread and feeding the ducks!Awesome location, OK food, server was great - host not so much... Thats what did it for me... Did not get a welcome when we entered, stood in front of the host for almost 6-7 minutes until she looked up (never smiled) and we were off to our table... We were put in a room with two large parties of 10+ (we were a party of two mind you) and we had to share the server with the two 8-top tables... very frustrating when you needed something not to mention the hour it took to get our order in... Ill re-check the place out in a year or better...Excellent on so many levels! We had great service, amazing food, and wonderful ambience! The Filet Mignon was cooked perfectly and had so much flavor! It came with a succulent bone marrow sauce. The crab cakes were refreshing and filling. They were paired with a wonderful homemade curry sauce sparkled with hot oil. Wonderful presentation and wonderful flavors! 
If this restaurant were in downtown Philadelphia, it would be packed to the gills every night. Lucky because of it's serene location deep in the Wissahickon Valley, getting a table can be a painless task. 
Also, many thanks to our great server Jenn!This place could be so much, yet apparently gets away with not being good because it essentially has guaranteed business given its serene setting.
Obviously the setting is phenomenal. Can't say enough about it. We went for lunch last winter, nice snow flurries outside, etc. Perfect for a fireside meal.....Not sure why the doing room had to be so damn smokey. That's not how properly built fireplaces work. Everytime a worker stirred the fire smoke billowed into the room. Our eyes watered. Another table asked to be moved elsewhere. Couple that with the el cheapo plastic sheets covering the windows (presumably for controlling drafts?), and the ambient quickly diminished. You couldn't even the outside!
The "oven roasted turkey" on the turkey club sandwich was the slimy pre-packaged kind you get at Costco. A lower quality (is it ham? turkey? Spam? You can't-quite-tell-color/texture) than even the super cheap deli sandwichs I get in center city from street carts for $3 (where I expect it). 
My wife's grilled cheese was super greasy. And was not served on challah bread like the menu suggests. It was actually texas toast. No biggie, I guess. Except it was $11!!!!This is an awesome relaxing place to go for a Sunday brunch!, If you love your Eggs Benedict, then this is a place for you with at least 3 different types. If you like the outdoors then its a great place to hike after a good meal!I thought the atmosphere was very cute for the location. The food was delicious and while I was not in love with the fixed price for brunch, I was able to box up the starter I did not want and have it for lunch the next day. The host we had was wonderful and our server was very attentive and friendly.Even though this historic venue could use some sprucing up (fresh paint, etc), it's still one of my favorite places in the world and it's slightly rustic feel is all part of the charm. I know that seems like an exaggeration, but I've been going to the Valley Green Inn since my little legs could pedal a bike to get there. As a family, we always biked the trail instead of driving in. 
The food is still delicious, especially their yam fries. My roast turkey breast sandwich with applewood smoked bacon was one of the best lunches I'd had in a while. The bread, especially, was delicious and certainly held up against a slathering of mayo. I really detest wimpy bread. 
This is a place that feels upscale but is down to earth and equally wonderful whether you want brunch, lunch, or dinner. Bring the family or someone special, either way, you're sure to enjoy yourself.Bottom 5 lifetime dining experiences (valentines prix fixe). Won't go into details, but  I sing from the top of the mountains to anyone that will listen regarding my outright displeasure.The Valley Green Inn is a sweet, very charming, and totally romantic date-night restaurant.  I know that everyone raves about doing brunch there, but I have to say...I love driving down the hill at night....it feels like there should be nothing there, and then the Inn shines like someone's home.  When you step inside it has all the warmth and charm of a Philadelphia colonial inn.  The food is very good...but the wine list could use a lot of love.  They make a great martini which can make up for the lack of wine list.  I highly recommend the brie, the spring rolls, and the meatloaf.When I saw that Valley Green was listed as a business but had no reviews, I was surprised. Valley Green is probably the most well known and is definitely the most developed and landscaped section of the Wissahickon Trail. The Valley Green Inn is the most notable landmark within it, and their side "Store" window has been the trailhead/ turnaround point for exercising people for generations (when I was little my dad used to buy my brothers and I Nutty Buddies when we would go on bike rides.)  Valley Green is, perhaps, the most easily accessible section of the Wissahickon Valley (with a parking lot on Forbidden Drive at the bottom of  Wise's Mill). This means it is fabulous for:
1. starting your journey via Bike or Boot. Or HORSE! (I forgot they have stables here-- they used to rent out the horses, but currently look to be rebuilding/ renovating the stables for people who ride to rest their horses.)
2. sitting on a bench by the creek or the small waterfall and relaxing in the sun
3. FISHING. (Rod & Reel or Fly) As you can see from the pictures, there are tons of fantastic spots whether you wade all the way in or sit on the rock outcroppings and "shoals." Even better, the Wissahickon Creek is both an Approved Trout Water (it's stocked each Spring) and a Commonwealth Inland Water (which means extended fishing season). Whether you stay in the paved section by the Inn or wander through the hills in search of a riffle or pocket water, you can't fail to have a great day on the Creek. For the beginners out there, the best times to try and catch Trout are Spring and Fall (cooler weather) but you can get Bass, Panfish and Carp all summer long. Anyone over 16 needs a fishing license AND a Trout Stamp. I strongly advise you not to risk it-- the Rangers are active and vigilant!!! They will even come up and check what/ how many fish you have if you don't catch & release. Here's the link to the PFB &C: http://fishandboat.com/fishpub/summary/licenses.html      
yet another reason why the Northwest section of Philly is the greatest place to live in the world...Had a great dinner the other night at  Valley Green Inn. Food was awesome, service & atmosphere top notch. We had duck, which I was so happy to see back on the menu & a rib eye steak......both tender & juicy. Highly recommend this restaurant.Diving off the Chestnut Hill main drag, you suddenly start to feel like you've entered the 19th century on the final approach up Valley Green Drive.  Quiet, dimly lit parking around an isolated outpost on the river.  The faint rustling of leaves and....the booming voice of an MC?  Apparently they host wedding receptions in an outdoor tent next to the building.   The noise was very faint from inside the busy restaurant, but predictably the service suffered quite a bit.
Small but serviceable wine and beer selections.  I now know Shock Top Pumpkin Wheat is not the best.  
It took almost 30 minutes of intermittent nagging after placing our order before we had bread.  I will chalk that up to the wedding.
Food was pretty decent once it arrived.  Crabcake was a little filler heavy, but the curry with coconut sauce was quite good.  Shrimp and Crab Spring Rolls were pretty forgettable, but I guess that's what I get for ordering that kind of thing here.  Good presentation, but nothing special really on the flavor front.
The best part of the meal was the rack of lamb.  The smoked celeriac puree was delicious with the perfectly cooked lamb.  Brussels sprouts also worked with the dish.  Good flavors and definitely one of the best lamb racks I've had.  
Sea Scallops didn't quite do it.  It sounds interesting on the menu with the fruit medley and pomegranate reduction.  At first it was good, but the whole thing ends up being too sweet and by the time my wife was finished she was starting to find it cloying.
It's not a bad place, but I doubt we'll be back as there are better options for this type of dining closer to where we live.Visited Valley Green Inn for a friend's wedding and it was beautiful.  The ceremony was setup in front of the creek and even had two white ducks swim by.  The ceremony in the side deck space was spacious for 80 people with ample dance floor space.  I don't know how it was working with the planners but the wedding execution was flawless.  Thanks for a great time!We just had our wedding here (Oct.12,2013)  I can't say enough nice things about working with team at the Valley Green  ... from planning the event up to and including the wedding day-- No drama -- everything was wonderful and everything I envisioned!  Great food, Great ambiance.... the day?  Priceless!Sat for 10 minutes and staff walked by pretending not to see us. Not sure what that's all about but sure, if you don't want my money, I'll be happy to tell my friends not to bother, either.Extremely disappointed! 
Took my niece, from out of town, to her father's favorite Haunt as a kid. Valley Green Inn has been a "go-to" for decades because of it's location, ambiance and (maybe not great but) good food.
Not this time.
Shared the Caesar Salad, which was large and tasty. The lettuce was huge, barely cut up.
Two of us ordered the "Strip Steak". It really takes some nerve to call what we got a Strip Steak. It was less than half an inch thick. Almost had to wonder if they only had one steak left and divided it, to have two portions.
Ordered them Medium rare but how do you cook a steak this thin to any given temperature? One was over done the other well done at one end and rare at the other.
$32 for this steak that looked like something that should have been made into cheese steak!
Wish I had the nerve to tell them to take it back.
My husband ordered Sea Scallops - which was a better choice but still pretty bad. Received 5 scallops all different sizes, all smaller than a half dollar. All over cooked.
Our waitress was a gem!I bring my children here all of the time. Everyone on any trail is pretty friendly. Lots of animals. Love to be near and in the water in summer. Some people dive in obscure parts of park. I wouldn't, but they do it all the time. Hands down, I think this is the best park in the city and possibly the SW PA region outside of state national parks.
Be sure to abide by the typical outdoor rules: spray yourself and children with plenty of lemongrass or citrunella, or OFF. Bring snacks and water. ALL that stuff.I just had my wedding reception in the side room of the Valley Green Inn and cannot recommend it highly enough.  The lady in charge of coordinating events for the restaurant, Kate, is lovely, punctual with responses, knowledgeable, and good at her job.  The reception itself looked beautiful, gorgeous floral centerpieces, attentive servers who were quick with hors d'oeuvres, and the wedding cake (they outsource the baking to Bredenbeck's Bakery in Germantown) was awesome.  The buffet style brunch was tasty (so many guests agreed) which was such a bonus.  Come on people, let's start throwing more receptions at restaurants instead of hotels, if only for the food.  The food was great.  People pretended they were embarrassed to go back for seconds, but go back they did.  
If you want a pretty affordable reception venue where most all of the work is handled for you (food, linens, plates, flowers, bar) you should really go see this place.  The location is lush and wonderful, and I'm happy to say I would rent this place again.  
LOVE.Pretty much agree with just about all the reviews posted about Valley Green.  Great location and setting.  Food was ok.
Met a first date here for lunch and sat on the front porch/patio.  While we chatted and dined, we watched a wedding take place in front of the restaurant along the creek.    A very romantic date spot, too bad there wasn't a love connection.  Haha.   We shared the mussels which were a special for the day and I had a grilled salmon blt with sweet potato chips.   No complaints.   
I will definitely go back.My favorite place in the entire city... so good infact my partner and I decided to get married there. Food is delicious.. atmosphere is welcoming and cozy and the location is beautiful. Enjoy!