The best italian food in the city great food authentic, rustic , comfortOverpriced and underwhelming. 
This was a second choice after we found our first destination too crowded. My companion was starving, and it's only out of desperation that we ended up at Varalli.
The decor is absurd, cheesy even - although I found the life-size giant squid on the ceiling somewhat endearing with a Santa cap placed whimsically on the end of its huge conical head. 
The squid was a sign that this is primarily a sea-food restaurant. My fellow diner had the lobster ravioli but I settled for the marinated chicken breast with a side of linguini. Both were sub-marginal yet cost a good $10 more than they were worth. There was nothing exceptional about the preparation or the presentation that justified the price and while the food didn't taste bad, it didn't taste particularly good, either. 
The only good thing about the experience was the live jazz that accompanied our meal. IAm actually the bartender that got mentioned in one of the reviews, just wanted to say thanks for the nice mentions. Am not sure if that is kosher of not, let me know. Karl, the mean looking one.
Alexandra, stop by again! I'll try to get rid of that meh experience!Absolutely delicious seafood!!! The decor is awesome, which includes a gaint octopus sprawled across the entire ceiling that looks down at you while you sip your amazing Cosmo at the bar!! I went here with my mom after someone at the Lowes hotel staff suggested it to her when I was unable to think of a hip philly restaurant/bar to take her and her co-workers to to show them a good time in philly. You would think for someone who as lived here for 4 years I would know all the hot spots but for some reason this was one I had not encountered yet! My only complaint is that it was a little overly priced but it was definately worth it for the large portions and tasty food! If you are a seafood lover have the lobster or scallops!!!We went on a saturday night at around 8.  It wasn't crowded, and the food was great.  From the other reviews I was a little nervous about trying the lobster ravoli but it was delicious.  Very filling if you combine it wtih soup or salad. If you want traditional italian I wouldn't recommend it, but as a seafood place it was great.   Glass of wine prices weren't completely ridculous (6-9), and the music was wonderful.  I would go back.Overnight trip with the GF to Philly. 
After dinner drinks
Food- Didn't know this was a restaurant. Just grabbed drinks
Service- Bartender was friendly
Ambiance- Dark
We decided to grab drinks here after walking from Budakkan.
First thing I noticed was that there was a huge squid on the ceiling, which was pretty cool.
We came in pretty late and all the patrons were sitting at the bar.
Ordered a few cocktails/beers and just chilled.Loved this place. Will go back.
Had the mushroom polenta, amalfi salad, lobster ravioli, swordfish, and prawns liguine.
Broad wine list of Italians. We ordered a nebiolo that was fantastic.
The polenta, salad, and lobster ravioli were outstanding. Other dishes were very good.
Service was excellent.
Highly recommended.Wedined here before attending a play.  The staff was very accomadating making sure we would have plenty of time to dine and make it to the play on time.  We both had the veal piccata whcih was excellent.We've been here several times as we live nearby.  Food and service are inconsistent.  Sometimes the food is decent, never great, other times really not good at all.  We've had veal, chicken, flatbread (don't order it!), fish, pasta was great once, totally overcooked another time.  We've had a few great servers, and some awful ones.My boyfriend and I were planning to celebrate our anniversary together in Philadelphia and we asked some local friends for some suggestions. The first placed they mentioned? Varalli. So we booked the reservations and after a long day of doing tourism stuff and exploring the city, we stepped inside expecting just a nice simple dinner. What we did not expect was to be blown away by the food and service. Our server was kind and always checking in on us and making sure we were well with our meal. We had great appetizers but when we were given our entree, wow were we blown away! I am kind of a picky eater and so when I asked the kitchen to take out one of the components in the dish I was hesitant it would not taste the same. My fault for choosing to leave it out but when it came out of the kitchen was I impressed. The presentation was wonderful and the taste of the steak was nothing I could explain in words. The chef who created it make it look absolutely stunning and I couldn't bear to eat it. Even the owner stopped by to comment on the look of the dish. Overall, our experience at Varalli was nothing but wonderful. It was a great day to wrap up our anniversary and I definitely look forward to dining here again soon. I highly recommend it if you're in town for a nice meal in a great location.Outstanding.  Family friendly, including toddler friendly, incredible, personalized service from our waiter David, good music, what more could you want? Thick hunks of crab in the blue crab salad, real pieces of lobster in the lobster ravioli, delicious sausage flatbread pizza, truffle polenta side dish to die for, I could go on. We can't wait to go back. SO glad we chose to go here and canceled our NYE reservation at Supper (see my review there to learn why).it closed. the corner is being developed by a hotel or something. varallis, wherever you are- i miss you and your octopus!My girlfriend and I came here after the Fall Festival in center city. 
Service was OK in terms of the waitress. The host, however, seemed overwhelmed as he was seating people.
We had the Calamari for appetizer which was good although there were no tentacles (detail pointed out by her). For entrée she had the Lobster Ravioli and I had the "Agnolotti Melanzane" (pasta filled with roasted baby eggplant, caramelized onions, toasted pine nuts and mascarpone cheese in a shrimp and tomato basil sauce). Both dishes were decent but not memorable (not to mention the sauce was watery).I can only give a three. The maitre d set the tone by handing me the menu after I asked for a table for five as if to make sure I was OK with the prices. Really pi$$ed me off, he came off like a real Richard but we stayed because it was 8 pm on a Sunday and I was with children that just participated in an event...everyone was hungry. 
My beet salad was warm, not particularly enjoyable. 
My broiled free range chicken was perfectly prepared. I give big props to the chef, he nailed it. 
My kids tried the chicken fingers, clean oil and no complaints. 
Waitress was friendly and attentive. 
If the condescending maitre d stayed home that night, I would have given a better rating. 
Still, the chicken was so perfectly prepared, I hope my review doesn't scare off any potential customers, that is unless you plan on dining with the maitre D.Yummy.  Not that expensive, nice portions.  Saturday nights they have live jazz which is nice.  The (free) focaccia bread with the dips is amazing.  I personally love the Carbonara Rigatoni.excellent mix of mediterranean italian & nouvelle cuisine.
great location at Broad & Locust--you can people watch at night.  big windows.
nice buildout.
outstanding service, great maitre d.  
menu & specials excellent.
i had grilled swordfish.  excellent.  the side salad had citrus & flavorings & was superb.  just $25.  
my lovely wife had an appetizer seafood dish that was superb, again reasonably priced.
Varalli's is in the Theater/Orchestra/Business District and is an excellent choice for dining before or after a show or music.  you can walk there from most major venues.  
Most highly recommended.  Also, they do take all major credit cards.Varalli has the feel of a comfortable neighborhood restaurant. The food is consistently very good. Tonight we enjoyed appetizers of four cheese flat bread and homemade duck sausage served atop creamy polenta topped with a fried egg. Our entrees were herb crusted wild salmon, seared ahi tuna, and veal piccata. All were nicely prepared and plated. Flavors were excellent. 
Also recommend their house cocktails prepared to perfection by bartender Nate. 
I look forward to future visits to Philadelphia and to Varalli -- want to try one of their pastas next time!I've lived in the city 11 years and never stepped foot in this place.  It was delicious.  Not only delicious but our server was great.  The place was packed because of the PIFA street fair but we were seated quickly.  The food was a little slow to come out but again the place was packed.  
Everything from the short rib gnocchi  to the chocolate cake was awesome.  I am definitely going back.So I picked this place out for our pre-Philly game dinner, and boy were we glad!
First of all, the place is really cool inside. It has great atmosphere. I love the look of the sculpted walls. I also like that the service staff is dressed down. It works. 
Second of all, there was a nice selection of dishes, and everything was actually a decent portion size. (By that I mean that it was more than most tapas places I've been to.) 
We ordered four dishes, and it was actually too much food. We got the red mussels, which were okay. I think it's not the strongest dish. Good, but not great. We got the lobster & crab mac and cheese.... oh boy... it was so amazing! A total comfort food and then some! Delish! We got a little cucumber, crab & peach salad that was a special on the board, and ate it all up. I can't remember all the details because I was drinking a Belgian beer recommended to me by our waitress, and it was perfect for a hot summer night. I might have been a bit buzzed. We had one other dish, a shitake mushroom risotto, which was amazing, also!
The craziest thing is that we got all of that, including the beers, for $60. That's really awesome for a tapas place, as they can be expensive and you leave hungry. Not at Varalli! Seriously, y'all... try it out! It's a yummy surprise!!January 2011 I attended a birthday party with about 20 people at Varalli the atmosphere and food was excellent so about 12 of us decided to do it again January 2012, and I have to say the food was disappointing portions were much smaller and not nearly as delicious as last year, the service was okay personally I've had better and for the prices we paid things should have been a hell of a lot better.Had a very enjoyable evening at Varalli. The service -- from both maître'd and waiter -- was extremely friendly and attentive; I admit that I may have a low bar for friendly after having dined in New York for years. We started with the warm beet salad with goat cheese. The mains though were the highlight of the meal. I had the swordfish with the orange/fennel salad while my companion had the salmon with artichokes. Both were exquisitely prepared. Swordfish can easily be cooked dry, but this had just the right level of moistness. Plus it is quite convenient to theaters on South Broad Street.Stopped at Varalli before catching a show at Merriam Theatre. Was seated near one of the water fountains. Very clean bathrooms and great service.
Ordered the calamari (which was pretty damn amazing) along with the Sycamore Lane Cab Sauv (order it, please!). For my entree, I ordered the Sauteed Chicken with capers, tomatoes and olives...wasn't really impressed. It was tasteless and easy to forget. 
Overall,  I enjoyed the service, the wine and the Calamari!Good food!
Expensive? : Yes
Ambiance: Great
Servers: Nice, well mannered, constantly present but still manage to hide in the background (couldn't get better)
Availability: I was surprised to see it wasnt crowded that much and I didnt even need a reservation!
Surprises: Over 50% of the crowd was over 50!
All in all, it was good food, a bit expensive for my taste but almost worth the cost.Chose Varalli because of proximity to Wilma Theater also it participates in a 20% discount on food for Wilma subscribers. It was an early weeknight dinner so the restaurant was not crowded and service was attentive. Particularly enjoyed the four different kinds of bruschetta offered as an appetizer. Entrees of Veal Piccata and Lobster Ravioli were enjoyable if nothing amazing or memorable. The wines by the glass were fairly insipid and need to be updated. Overall this is a decent choice for pre-theater it was a quick in and out.The first thing I must say is about a year in a half to two years ago this place was 5 star- things have changed. The tasting menu use to be GREAT. We went recently and boy were we disappointed. The tasting menu went down hill. Four of us ate here and the bill was over $270. For this price things should have been great. My meal felt cheap and thrown together. My Cesar salad was crap it tasted like dish soap, the steak was just okay but it was plated with fingerling potatoes with no effort or imagination. It looked like a cheap diner plated the food. The break between courses was outrageous. Maybe half hour between each course. My moms chicken was dry and mediocre. However the shrimp appetizer my sister had was good, the lobster ravioli was good. But they need to re invent the menu and the tasting menu needs major work. The butternut squash soup used to be so good, they don't make it anymore. Now they serve a bland mushroom soup that needs salt. I was sad to see that the place is no longer the same. However it still has a great décor and relaxed feel.My running partner, mother and my son had reservations for our "carbo load dinner" the night before the Rock n Roll Half Marathon. My first time in Philly and Varalli was just breath taking. I am an italian food lover and had an amazing lobster ravioli by far. For my next visit to Philly I shall go back to Varalli and try other of their speacialty dishes! Thanks to Marianne's Assitant for the amazinf restaurant recomendation!! YAY!!Good food and service.  Good value. Lamb shank amazing (best I have had in the US). Drinks a tad expensive but food good value.
Would definitely return to this place.
A real great find in philly.I would love to give this place one star but in all honesty the food wasn't that bad.. For a group of 5 we ordered 6 appetizers which were a bit overpriced (it is catered toward the theater crowd) all of which were mediocre.  We all ordered pastas that were ok but nothing stood out.  We shared a main which we specifically asked to have brought out after our pasta course but was brought out at the same time (when would that ever be acceptable???)  
Where this subpar establishment really fell apart was the service.  I have never in my 30 years of eating at upscale restaurants had such unabashedly awful and slow service.  From the first bottle of wine that was brought out about 15 minutes late with no apology to our mistimed, misplaced and incorrect dishes the service was never anything close to resembling satisfactory.  Even when the manager learned of our plight his uselessness and incompetence showed through as he was unable to even offer a simple apology. Our terrible waitress had the gall to even ask about her tip before we even paid the check and then stood next to our table for 10 minutes talking to a friend of hers before actually returning with our cards and change.  We left her and extremely generous 15% when she probably deserved nothing at all.  We just couldn't be as awful to her as she was to us. 
 We will never go here ever again (or perch pub since they own that as well).  I know this is a common destination for people going to shows because of its location, but I would strongly urge you to walk a few extra blocks and eat somewhere better and cheaper with far better service (Petruce, Farm & fisherman, Barbuzzo, mercato, estia, valanni, vetri to name a few are all far better and only a few blocks away)From bread to entree, delicious food. Atmosphere relaxing, active but you can peacefully converse.   Love it!Five of us have had dinner here several times in the past prior to a performance.  Though we all enjoy exploring various dining options, and there are many good ones in Philadelphia, after our recent visit we have concluded that there aren't any that meet our needs any better than Varalli's.  We are recognized by the Maitre d' when we enter and promptly escorted to "our table"  and greeted by a familiar server. Though he is most professional and efficient, he is friendly enough that we can enjoy a bit of light hearted  banter. He is most cognizant of timing and always gets us on our way with time to spare.  The food may not knock your socks off but it is prepared with fresh ingredients, is innovative but not overly saucy, and is very flavorful.  This visit all of us commented about how fresh and tasty all of our choices were and nicely presented.  We shall return!The food here was ok, but what really stood out was the terrible service.  Our waitress seemed offended when we asked if they had forgotten our bottle of wine (after waiting over ten minutes), and from there on out it was downhill: 
They ran out of the special we ordered for dinner and we had to ask for the menu to be brought back out when they informed us.
When asked if we wanted our meat dish after our pasta we said yes and then they brought it at the same time. They did offer to take it back and hold it or sell that one and make a new one for us. We declined because I wouldn't want to be on the receiving end of a dish that was already sitting on someone else's table. 
They brought out the wrong salad for my girlfriend's entree and didn't realize it.
Everything took forever.
At the very end, the waitress made us wait while we watched her hold our check in her hand and talk to some people that were leaving for about 5 minutes when she could have easily reached behind and dropped it off at our table.The merger of "Upstares" and "Sotto" Varalli into a single restaurant on the lower level of their prime Avenue of the Arts corner location has been a net positive event.  While the upper floor (now home to Perch Pub) had technically been the nicer restaurant, I always preferred the ambiance downstairs.
The menu remains focused on northern Italian cuisine, and they execute things well.  This is a great restaurant for a mixed group of people.  There are choices for vegetarians, pescetarians, meat lovers, etc.  Depending on how you order, your meal can be quite economical, or an indulgence.  If they have a pasta special dish, I almost always order it, and have never been disappointed.  The service in the restaurant is very attentive in an old-school way.  The waitstaff is attentive and solicitous without being intrusive.  You can take your uptight clients here for dinner, and not worry that the waiter will make an inappropriate joke.  
Varalli also has a beautiful bar if you are in the mood for a lower key meal, or some drinks in a semi-fancy atmosphere.  The service at the bar is always prompt and polite.  Regardless of your cocktail order, you are never met with a confused stare.  So far, the enormous glass squid adorning the ceiling has minded his own business.  Fingers crossed...
As a finishing note, their Grand Marnier creme brulee remains one of my favorites in the city.Our great experience at Varalli started with their customer service.  I got a confirmation call for our reservation which included info about where to park because they validate.  Then our server Eddie couldn't do enough to make our meal a pleasure.  We had four young children with us. While they don't have a children's menu, they had lots of made-to-order options to make even our pickiest eater happy, including a special fruity drink from the bar.  
The food was delicious!  Lobster ravioli was fabulous!  Sea Bass, gnocchi, penne regate, spinach salad, foccochia bread all delicious!  Not one thing we didn't thoroughly enjoy!
Make sure you tell them if you have theater tickets and they will make sure you get to the show on time.  
Thanks Varalli for a terrific evening!Mussels appetizer was simply amazing, perfectly prepared and delicious.  Papardelle was very nice, hot and flavorful. Veal piccata was also a hit with our party.  Small selection of wines by the glass, but the Pio Chianti was serviceableStill love Varalli's, but the live jazz is gone.  Evidently the union insisted on their paying musicians based on number of people on both floors (Perch Pub, the restaurant under common ownership on the 2nd floor).  If you've been to either of them, you know how absurd that is.  The music can't be heard above, and the Perch Pub is loud, besides.  So now no music, no jobs for the musicians.  More nice work from a union.... sigh.  Also, this year, New Year's Eve was not as much fun.  People in the restaurant at 11:30 left, did they have somewhere else they were trying to catch the new year at?  Odd.We have dined at Varalli three times, most recently December 21st 2014, every time has been an excellent experience. The venue is well designed with plenty of tables next to the windows along two walls. 
The service is excellent with friendly and attentive staff.  
The food is superb, the chef having an exquisite understanding of sauces. My favorite dish is Agnilotto Malanzane, a delicious ravioli. The mussel appetizer is also tasty. We paired the meal with a Marlborough, NZ Sauvignon Blanc, The Infamous Goose.  
For dessert, try either the creme brûlée or the tiramisu, paired with an Irish coffee (made the correct way).
A great place to dine with family and/or friends or to impress a date just before going to a show.Five of us returned here for dinner.We haven't been back here for several months opting to try-out other"hot" places in town.When we arrived there were three parties ahead of us,yet within five minutes the Maitre d' recognized us and warmly greeted us by name!He promptly led us to "our table" by the window where we had been seated on prior visits and where we could enjoy "people watching" on the sidewalk.Our professional, efficient server arrived to take our drink orders and describe the menu changes and the specials including their prices.Our food items were appropriately placed without asking "who gets the pickled chicken feet?" The oysters were etheral, veal piccata superb, and moist, flavorful roast chicken. What's not to like?!Although the service was great and the staff was extremely nice the food made me very ill. So... Beware.The incompetent waitress caused about $200 worth of inaccurate charges (multiple charges happened to all six other people in my group) on my card, with basically the only solution being to wait a week.  The waitress was inattentive and clearly overwhelmed.  This is the only restaurant I've been to where the manager is the only one who can split a bill (even when at the start you ask for separate checks), and it takes him/her about 30 minutes-- according to the waitress.
The atmosphere was... interesting, but not really my scene.  Prices weren't a steal.  If this was a rating solely for the quality of food, Varalli would get 4 stars.  But it's not and I won't be going back.We had an enjoyable dinner, except that the server seemed to disappear for periods of time! I had the veal piccata and my husband had duck sausage with polenta. Both were very good.The last night of restaurant week, I was able to reserve a table for 2 at Varalli on Friday night at 8:45. The BF was in the mood for Italian and I saw this restaurant was participating which was great because: I was looking to try it, it was in a great area in Center City (Broad and Locust) and also because we knew someone who worked here (bartender). It was not busy when we arrived, the host was friendly and made light hearted comments about the difficulty of my last name. He rather briskly walked us to the back of the restaurant where we were seated near the back by the entrance to the kitchen. It was pretty hectic watching everyone walk in and out and a few near collisions. The decor and atmosphere was very nice and mellow (particularly the back where we were seated) even though some may find the tentacles a little silly. I personally enjoyed them since I am a fan of tentacles.
Our server quickly arrived with our water and we were told the specials. Everything went smoothly except they ran out of the butternut squash soup and a wine I had ordered. The mushroom soup was tasty, a little salty but it was very subjective. The prosciutto was fine and served with a small salad and pear slices. The rare filet mignon was perfect served with potatoes and spinach. We ordered a nice size calamari which was on the regular menu but I wish there were tentacles since I mentioned being a fan of them and seeing them as decoration around the restaurant enhanced my desire. We ended it with the tiramisu which was also rich. My date enjoyed his shortrib brisket but wished the portions were larger (he has a healthy appetite). 
After the bill was paid we sat at the bar. The front part of the restaurant was louder and busier. We tried a couple of their cocktails. I tried the Jayne of Islay mostly because I like the Laphroaig scotch but it was overpowered by the citrus and lemon juice. It was still a decent drink. I also had a cosmo which was nice and strong and very fruity. There was a TV but it wasn't on. The bartenders and the waitstaff were all very nice and we were very pleased with our experience.Recently had dinner with several friends. Seafood was very good and everyone at the table enjoyed their dinner. Service was also good. Our waiter was available when we wanted him, but not always at our table, which gave us time to enjoy the food, wine and the company. For some this is not your traditional Italian menu, but I don' think it will disappoint. I will go back next time I'm in town.Disaster!
Except the decor, nothing is good! We went here on new years and it was a completely wrong choice. My friend ordered a wine and just as he had it he felt something weird. After getting back home he had an upset stomach. And to top it all it was the most expensive wine on the menu!! We are not even sure if it was genuine.
The food, extremely average or below. I used the word average as some items on the menu are definitely creative. But when it comes down to taste, the creativity doesn't help. I am vegetarian so I thought maybe it was just me, but all my frnds seem to concur.
The decor is very good, not noisy but for food.. i cant say the same!This was my home bar for the 3 years I lived in Philly. Why? Great bartender, Karl, amazing Host, delicious food, lovely decor, and always someone new to meet our something interesting going on. So many memories were made here and now I have so many stories to tell. I highly recommend it if you're in town.Came here after a show at the kimmel center. Nice that it was so close by, but I'm always concerned with these prime spots that a fair amount of your price is going to the high rent in these buildings and not the food.
The service was nice, but they didn't really have much to do. The food was ok I suppose. Maybe I should be rating this two stars instead, but I didn't pay for my meal so I didn't feel the hit directly. The wine was mediocre but maybe it's my fault for ordering what I did.the food was not impressive. the interior decor is kind of cheesy, although i did like the waterfall-walls. i tried the homemade gnocchi and it was nothing special... the best part of the meal was the homemade pesto dip for the bread.Saturday night at 7:30pm I am tasked with arranging a dinner for 11 people. 
My third try landed me here and I successfully made a reservation for 8:45. Our table was lovely and in the window. The place is huge with a nice long bar when you walk in. 
Half our group hated their food. The other half were perfectly happy. Trends I noticed based on what was liked and disliked:
Safe bets are: seafood dishes and dishes with risotto. My scallops were great. 
People that had pasta were NOT happy. The calamari was fine, bruschetta sampler was ok - the pepper one ruined the plate, the others were very good. 
Our waiter was trying WAY too hard and thoroughly annoyed all of us. He would be MUCH better at Fridays or Chevy's or anywhere where "Flair" may be needed - FYI our CEO does not like being called "love" by you, as in "here you go love, no problem love." This was a business dinner not a reunion....
Desserts were good too - I liked the bread pudding a lot. Not sure how the others liked theirs. All in all it served it purpose but I don't know that I would go back.Had to re-review this place. Came back last weekend and had another great time! The barkeeps are really amazing. Caught the end of their hell of trying to get to their shows, poor boys were running around like crazy men. Then once the crowds sprinted out, they settled down and gave us their undivided attention. Karl, the big mean looking one, is an absolute sweetheart, giving us advice on the food and wine list. James, the cute exotic one, made sure that we didn't need for anything. Had the Espresso Martini and the Tuna Tartar again, yum.
1st Review............ OK, the decor is sort of bad. Kind of 80's North Jersey Diner, but it has the best bar in the city. Not trendy over the top by any means, but the bartenders really know their stuff. We've run there prior to going to the theater and gotten a great dinner and drinks in an hour. The two guys who work there are a lot of fun and incredibly efficient. It's a testimony to the owners to still knock it out after being here for so long.Stumbled on this place, fried calamari for app, tender. Pastas are really good and service was excellent. I hope Steve our waiter sees this. Nicely done.Effing good food, excellent staff, nice atmosphere to take out your lady (or whomever you love).Varalli has been here a long, long time, which should tell you something positive.  The bartenders are usually friendly, the fellow often has some carefully crafted homemade concoctions worth trying -- visible at the top of the bar -- and will tell you all about them if he's not too busy.  The food is delicious.  We've been coming here for years because the atmosphere appeals to us and the kitchen satisfies us.  There is usually low-key music Friday and Saturday evenings.  They even do a fun New Year's Eve with balloons, noisemakers, and silly hats.  I like the light panels with the changing colors; I like the faux rainy windows indoors; I like this place.4 people for Restaurant Week Sept 2009.  One had eaten here years ago and that is why we selected it.   We have been to 4 other Restaurant Weeks over the years; this is the first time I really was not impressed with the food for $35.   
Carrot soup and ginger- OK.  Wild Berry Salad, very good.  Lobster Ravioli, not much, watery cream sauce.  Berrys for dessert fine.
It could just be me, but I had severe stomach cramps for a day after this meal.   
Server fine, we were seat in a big booth in the back.   Friends order 5 wine glasses over the 2.5 hours we were there-- came to $60! $12 per glass.   So $70 for the meal and $60 for the wine.*** Wow, the food here on Wed was tasty. ***
Idk why there are so many bad reviews here?
I came here w/ a dozen ppl and no complaints.
All raved over the bottle of red wine "Penelope".
I, of course, drank a local IPA ... it was flavorful.
I started w/ beet salad.  Hmm, I can honestly say 
that it was the best beet saled ever.  It was mixed
lettuce leaves, a variety of beets and goat cheese.
Veal piccata was my entree.  It was very simple ...
two veal filets served w/ spinach.  Perfect balance.
*** Decor is a lil dated and cheesy, but good food. ***The service was great!  Bartender was very helpful.  The food was ok.  I got the spaghetti and my husband got the lobster risotto.  He said it was just ok.  I would come back.  It is great if you are in the city to see the shows because it is right across the street from the theater.Went for a first time this week when I was down from NYC for a small business dinner.  Was favorably impressed.  Good location, especially in relation to the theaters and a good part of the downtown area.  Space was large, so we were not sitting on top of another table (like NYC), decor was nice and background music just the right level for talking.  More or less standard upscale Italian menu with a slight lean towards seafood.  Had oysters (fresh & tasty) along with bruschetta and the seafood risotto (both very good).  Service was attentive but not overwhelming.  Early in the week, so not to crowded at 7pm, though I imagine that might not be the case on the weekends.  Don't know.  On the whole, I would definitely go back.I have been here twice.  The first time was far better.  The first time I got amazing scallops with a mushroom risotto.  I think it was a special.  Anyway, that plus the bruschetta appetizer was amazing and I could not WAIT to go back.  My boyfriend and I went back this weekend and I was not quite so impressed.  His filet mignon looked good, which he got off the restaurant week menu.  The stuffed mushrooms were not good -- you needed a chain saw to cut them.  The seafood risotto was also just not as good as I remembered when I tried someone else's.  (This was not from the restaurant week menu.) The lobster was very tough, there was only one scallop and it was mushy, and the only good thing about it was the two big pieces of shrimp.  The cocktails and the tiramisu were good.  I would have given it a 5 the first time I went, but I definitely need to downgrade.  The waitress, however, was extremely friendly and available without smothering.As a lone diner, sometimes it can feel awkward dining, well, alone.  This was not the case with my dining experience at Varalli. 
I decided to take advantage of the Early Diners Special, a prix fixe menu for $35.  I wasn't sure what to expect regarding the size of dishes and the quality of service for someone who wants to take advantage of a deal rather than the pricier a la carte menu.  I was pleasantly surprised.
I arrived 10 minutes early for my 5:00 reservation, and noted so to the host when I arrived.  Not a problem, since the place was totally empty.  The host (who I believe was also the manager) showed me to my seat, saying that that table had a good view for people watching out on the street, and it also had decent lighting if I wanted to read while I waited; it is the first restaurant experience I have had where they have made me feel absolutely welcome dining alone.
My server was wonderful with a great sense of humor.  If you go, ask for Joe.  I was seated with the a la carte menu and wine list, but when I inquired about the special menu, it was fetched for right away.  Part of the menu was the soup of the day and the fresh catch of the day, which were explained in great detail, but not overbearingly so.  I ended up with the tomato bisque, shrimp cocktail (which was warm, which was unexpected...but wonderful!), mahi tuna over a bed of mixto salad (this was my favorite, as it was done rare, which I really love), and fresh berries and cream.  I was served quickly, and asked before the meal was served if I was seeing a show that evening for which I might be in a hurry to dine (which I was not).
The decor was lovely, as well.  I felt like I was underwater...and I loved the squid over the bar!
Overall, A+ experience.  Definitely get there, and try the early bird special if you can.Food (Very Good) 4 / 5 .Ambience (Very Good) 4 / 5 .Service (Outstanding) 5 / 5 .Noise Level 
Moderate."Five of us returned here for dinner prior to an orchestra performance.We were recognized and warmly greeted by George, the maitre d' who led us to our "usual" table.Joe, our server, was especially efficient and professional yet friendly enough that we enjoyed a bit of banter with him.We have never had an unsatisfactory meal here and this was no exception. From the appetizers to deserts each course is prepared from fresh ingredients and they willingly modify the preparation of an item to suit one's preference.On this visit the length of time between courses was uncharacteristically long,yet Joe was aware of this gap and kept us informed of the progress.We were especially pleased with the personal attention from Joe and the maitre d'.We had a horrible experience for dinner for two on a weekday night. Before getting to the food, I have to comment on the service -- awful.  It took about 10 minutes before the server even came and gave us water.  We then asked for bread and never got it.  There was a good 20 minute lapse between our appetizer and entrees.  We got the beef braised gnocci (too salty) and the linguine with (tiny) clams.  Linguine was barely al dente and nothing to write home about.  The server came by maybe twice during the entire meal -- the beginning and when we were ready for the check.  Oh wait, it was actually three times, the last for refill the water after we had asked 15 minutes earlier.  
The food was nothing great (would go to La Viola any day) and to top it off, the service was just terrible for an Italian restaurant that earns itself one star.This review is mainly for the lobster ravioli.
Every time I have ordered or been with someone who ordered lobster ravioli, I have always been disappointed to see a smooth, mashed filling. I want to feel like I'm eating lobster meat, you know? 
So imagine my surprise when my lobster ravioli came to me at Varalli (they were out of the gnocci, my first choice), and I bit in to chunks of lobster meat. I don't want to be over-dramatic and tell you that the heavens opened up and I heard angels sing...but I heard angels sing. It was divine. The pasta shell was thin, the filling meaty, the sauce rich and full of mushrooms and tomatoes. 
My dining companions were all pleased with their meals, the salads look to be pretty good, and the crisp zucchini appetizer was a hit. We enjoyed pleasant service from a guy who was kind enough to ask if we were on our way to a show and did we need to be in and out quickly. We had just come from a show and had all the time in the world, so he took his time and so did we.
P.S. Leave a little room for dessert. The tiramisu will blow your mind.We often come here before or after a night at the ballet or theater. I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this restaurant. Upon entering you are greeted by the maitre'd who has always remembered us even though we only come once every few months. The waitstaff is extremely professional and knowledgable. We have never experienced poor service or anything that could be construed as poor service. I've been to many restaurants where the waitstaff and bartenders are extremely pretentious. Such is not the case at Varalli. While the waitstaff is very professional here they are also very friendly. The food is very good and we've never experienced a subpar meal. We prefer to eat after the ballet or theater but have eaten prior to the performance and have found the waitstaff to be extremely aware of the time so that they could make sure that you make the performance without any issues. I definitely recommend the calamari. It is certainly some of the best in the city. We always leave satisfied. I would certainly recommend Varalli for a pre or post performance meal or dessert.I was a little shocked reading the other reviews for Sotto.  This is the only pre-theater restaurant that I would go back to.  I'm a Kimmel center junkie and have tried all the usual neighborhood suspects. Sotto is the only restaurant with consistent quality entrees. The servers are very attentive. Great pours by the bartenders. It's really more of a seafood restaurants with a Mediterranean twist. I decided to have a business meeting at the restaurant with 22 clients and it was fantastics. Go for the specials. Very creative. The fish sauces are fantastic.  You will never feel rushed. Both the servers and bartenders were very friendly.I have had really good experiences at Sotto Varalli, both at the bar and seated at tables.  It is a good bet if you want to feel a little upscale while you enjoy your cocktails with live Jazz on Fridays and Saturdays.  The menu features primarily pasta and seafood, and the kitchen does a good job with these.  They also have tasty appetizers and outstanding desserts.  Their Grand Marnier creme brulee is one of the best I have had.  The wine list is pretty standard.
Sotto Varalli loses some stars because it is a little on the pricey side and their kitchen closes fairly early as I sadly learned on a recent Saturday at 10:15.  The waitstaff can also be a bit over-exuberant at times.Attentive service with great salad(roasted beets) and entree(risotto calamari)I really like this place. It's great for pre-theater, too. When I need to dine alone, they take such good care of me and don't make me feel like a single diner is an imposition. (I always try to be extra generous on the tip when I'm alone.) Last time, I had this GREAT fish dish with a half portion of pasta before it. I usually get the evening specials, which are always great. And the place is absolutely beautiful. And the bar's great, too. Go before the opera.I saw this place from the street and it looked busy, so we decided to drop in for a drink. We enjoyed the drinks, bartenders and music so much, we booked a table for the following night and invited our friends to join us. We sat in a big booth which was great for conversation. The food was excellent and the service was superior. We all enjoyed the way we were allowed to eat and converse without feeling rushed. We ended with dessert at the bar (the rum babba was excellent). I'll keep this place on my list to frequent.Even during Restaurant Week five of us found Varalli's to be near the top of their game.The place was packed yet the service was attentive, professional, and friendly.The crew was doing their best to accommodate everyone so, at times appeared a bit frazzled.Because of our time constraints we opted for the regular menu and were not disappointed.The veal piccatta was sublime, tender and flavorful with a light sauce.Three of the four seafood entrees were delightful and cooked to each diner's preference and were spot on delicious.The sea bass however was disappointingly overcooked and without much flavor in spite of the tangy sauce.Our server was a gem, attending to our requests while insuring that we were on schedule for our eventWe went to Varalli before seeing a performance at the Academy of Music. You can't beat the location for convenience. Our waiter, Bob, was friendly and helpful and made a couple of trips to the kitchen to answer questions for us. We shared the beet salad, which was delicious and fresh. Two in our party of four had the grilled chicken with vegetables and found it perfectly cooked and delicious. The chicken arrived on slices of grilled eggplant and grilled pepper. The chef made a special dinner for our vegan diner, mixing a pasta primavera with a light tomato sauce. The only disappointment was the mushroom polenta, which is listed as an appetizer but our fourth person ordered a double portion as an entree. He said it tasted like it had egg beaten in with it and it was gummy and tasteless, as well as being so heavy that he could not finish it. We were too full for dessert but did have decaf espresso before heading out the door. So three of us are fans of this restaurant, but the fourth person is reluctant to try it again. Gorgeous and very clean bathrooms!Would definitely give ZERO stars if I could. Ugh...
Our group met here recently to get a bite before heading over to a show. Nothing out of the ordinary there -- these restaurants are supposed to specialize in serving folks like us, in fact, making sure that we're well fed and able make it to our shows on time.
Awful. Didn't happen. The service was ridiculously slow, in part because our group didn't arrive all together (our fault; we'll take that), but mostly because our server was deeply inferior. I don't know if she was new, or what.
The food took forever to arrive, didn't taste good at all (and I'm talking simple stuff, like flat bread pizza), and we got no indication from either the menu or the waitress that one of the dishes we got even contained NUTS, to which my child and I are highly allergic.
The kicker: The terrible server had the audacity to take my husband's debit card receipt and WRITE IN THE TIP AMOUNT HERSELF, along with a note, saying there's an 18% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. How dare she?! 
It's not that we've never heard of such a policy,  but they're generally indicated on the menu or PRINTED on the receipt, not randomly written in by hand, by some random waitress. Is this even legal? Grrrrrrrrr!!!
My husband was FURIOUS, of course, but we didn't even have time for a proper tongue-lashing of the waitress and the manager, because the slow service caused us to have to RUN across the street to make our show on time.
NEVER, EVER again. 
You've been sufficiently warned.My boyfriend and I went here last Saturday for our 25th and 24th birthdays.  We had originally set out to go to the Perch Pub (see my earlier review), where I had gone about a month ago with my friend, but it was super crowded that late on a Saturday (around 7 pm) and even though I really wanted to show my boyfriend it, I was glad he seemed so drawn to Varalli.  We were probably some of the younger people here, but no matter (my boyfriend was like, oh look, some of them look like they're in their late 20s?  But i thought everyone here was pretty old and stuffy).
We did not have a reservation but we had to wait half an hour.  My boyfriend had seen the Fra Diavlo on the menu posted outside so he really wanted to wait.  The hostess was very pleasant and really trying hard but I think she might need an assistant for weekend nights.  There were many elderly people leaving the restaurant and heading to the 8 pm showings at the theaters.
We eventually were seated in a good location, and the table was not up on top of the people next to us, which was nice.  Our waiter was decent.  I was able to find an affordably-priced beer and my boyfriend found a Chardonnay he liked.  We got the butternut squash soup special to split, and the bread that came out was unique and really good and light.  I got the Swordfish with eggplant, cherry tomatoes, and capers, and my boyfriend had the Fra Diavlo Shrimp with Linguine.  Our meals tasted excellent.  The bathroom was clean and very good.  The decor was really cool, with water-falls on the windows inside.  They also had a very talented piano player and a classy singer too, so that we loved that!best f*ing bruschetta EVER!!! there were three kinds and they were huge. one was cheesy. drooolll...i came here 2 years ago and still remember the amazingness.I was at Varalli's twice. This time we were there for a friend's birthday and it just so happened to be restaurant week. As soon as you walk in you are greeted by cordial, warn smile, and happy bow tie of the maitre d. I am a hostess part-time at the "most romantic restaurant in Philly" and he somewhat even inspired me to be better my service to those who come in. He was just very friendly and made you feel very comfortable. He paid special attention to those who walked in and were leaving.
The service was excellent and the rolls were warm. Everything we ordered was very fresh. The apps, entrees, and desserts. The colossal crab cocktail was very light and fresh. The filet was especially tender and cooked to perfection. And the tiramisu was delicious! I couldn't save stop myself from devouring the whole thing in minutes.
Overall, the experience was great. It is definitely a place that has it all together. The octopus decor is super neat. The layout is great. Very spacious yet cozy. And for being restaurant week, it was not crowded nor overwhelming. It was simply perfect.great on the weekend. live jazz performance and pretty ok food. i like the seafood plates and the waterfall back ground they have there. i would recommend it  for a date after a play or something from the avenue of the arts :DThere must be a hundred Italian restaurants in downtown Philly,so I couldn't give you a reason to choose this place over someplace else.  Food was decent, nothing to write home about.  The Pork Mignon was tasty, but not different than what I get in the sticks where I live. 
Duck sausage appetizer was good.  I'd recommend it.  Sea bass was good, but nothing notable. Bread and pesto was good, but again, nothing noteworthy.
Service was very friendly, courteous and timely.  The place is ... old, in an out-dated way not a rustic way.  We're late 40s and there were maybe four people in the restaurant younger than we are.  Lots of old folk.  Decor is from the 70s.  The bar had a little buzz to it as the evening went on.
Overall, an OK place, but just nothing memorable, and too old for the young at heart.  And if you live in the sticks and come to the city only a couple of time a year, you want something  memorable with some buzz.Extraordinary food and service was top notch. Always a pleasure to dine here.  Veal was awesome.  Love the home made pasta too.  The duck is also highly recommended and is one of their specialties.  On one of my visits, it was snowing and the weather was rough, was late for reservation and had tickets to the Nutcracker.  They were AMAZING with the service and got us to the show with time to spare with the same quality as if we spent hours.The food and service were both excellent. The waitress were fast, courteous and knowledgeable. Most of all, I went with four people who really enjoyed their meal. I would recommend this place! Great place for seafood and gourmet Italian dishes. The chef can really COOK!!!!!I went to Varalli's this week for restaurant week with 5 friends.  Their host was delightful, fun, and wore the most adorable bow tie.  The staff was very nice, and professional, though they kept switching around our orders when it came to serve.  The squash soup was very nice and a meal in itself.  I also had the filet mignon with a nice peppercorn crust, crisp beans, but the potatoes were nothing to write home about.  The bread pudding was moist and flavorful.  I think the winners, however, were the stuffed mushroom caps (with spicy sausage), and the lobster ravioli.  They had a very nice wine selection and their Thomas Schmidt Riesling made my night.  I would definitely return.Love the location for ducking out quickly to see a show across the street and the service was OK. There were definitely no issues with the food, but I've had better. Overall an "A-OK" experience as nothing particularly stood out.Went here for restaurant week. Fantastic service and ambiance. The crab mango salsa salad was delicious. I ordered the steak & it wasn't the best. It wasn't well seasoned and a little dry.  I would definitely go back even though I wasn't crazy about the entree.I have been here twice now with out of town family prior to going to the Kimmel center, last spring & then just this week for Restaurant Week.  I can say I would never have chosen this place if I was making the reservations myself (i had the impression that it was a little... stodgy), but both visits the food & service was great.  They cater to the Ave of Arts dinner crowd & if you make a reservation for 2 hrs before your show, they make sure your food is timed perfectly so you get out of there in time without rushing or feeling drag between courses. Also the restaurant week deal was great- 4 courses for $35 (and included good vegetarian options for each course, which i feel is way too rare with restaurant week menus). The Soup of the day- Butternut Squash- was delish (everyone finished their bowls- even those who said they dont like squash), garlic bread, the Sotto salad, spinach Fetticini with mushrooms, sundried tomatoes & pine nuts, and then awesome tiramisu. 
The underwater decor is... interesting... a giant squid on the bar ceiling & waterfalls in the dining room, with a few comfy lush booths that are raised above the fray.  This would be a great place to take older relatives if they're in town bc the food is traditional enough but prepared & served well, with enough decorative flair to make you feel like youre dining in a unique center city restaurant.