Thank you so much to Frank. After checking this place out on here i figured why not try them out. When my husband & I arrived we thought it was going to be a circus clearly you could tell the rush was over. We sat a the bar and that was by far the best decision, because we met Frank. Wow he is funny and ever, he popped my cherry with my first long island! Being a whisky girl i can honestly say this is the only place i will drink long island at. We order the Mac & Cheese,which can usally be a bust depending on who makes it. We really enjoyed it, we order our with Crab on top. At must try if you like seafood. Everyone should stop here while in PhillyIt keeps getting better! This is def. a 5 star bar. In the spring Varga has a lot of outdoor seating!After an absolutely awful experience at Continental Midtown earlier in the day, Varga Bar was a welcoming contrast in terms of service - quick, attentive, polite. Even though it is mostly a bar, mid-day meal there did not disappoint! My husband and I had a veggie plate, avocado salad with chicken and their famous delicious french fries. Easy, tasty break while touring Philadelphia. I definitely wouldn't mind eating there again!This may seem like only a partial review, but that's because we only had a partial meal. Nevertheless, our meal of appetizers and beer felt wholly satisfying thanks to the friendly and helpful staff at Varga. (Philly actors make the best waiters- they know how to act friendly and keep you entertained)
Our "meal" consisted of the following- Sliders, duck confit chicken wings, and lump crab cheese fries. The winner? The lump crab cheese fries. Even just typing it makes me hungry for them again.
A fine beer selection, I might add- a nice variety of styles and a staff that seems  to know their stuff.
We unfortunately couldn't try any of the actual meals or specials (though out waiter did a great job of selling them), but they sounded great. A trip back to Varga is inevitable at this point.Outstanding Service Food was incredible. Little place with a big Flavor. It's a little dark inside and has that corner bar feel.I love a Varga pin-up girl, and a restaurant who dedicates their decor to them will always pique my interest. I stopped by one sunny summer afternoon on a bit of a solo date and parked myself at a nice street table for some prime people watching. The pickles fern fronds were firm and perfect, the bloody mary was extra spicy as directed, and the veggie burger was a very decent attempt at a house made burger - messy but tasty. I'll be back someday to try the famous mac & cheese!This place is SO over-hyped. Points for the fun, vintage, yuppie-posing-as-hipster vibe, but the food and drink were just okay.
To begin with, the wine list is severely lacking. Only one Riesling which was not my style but I never-the-less drank it because I didn't want to be difficult. I ordered the crab cake sandwich which was so salty it made my lips hurt! I'm also pretty sure it had been microwaved.... it had all the tale-tell signs: uneven heating and burn-your-mouth hot patches. Fun!
The crab cakes came with Old Bay fries. They were good (but added unneeded salt to an already saturated dish.) I was beside myself when they brought out their BBQ-sauce-posing-as-ketchup!! Thank goodness they had good old fashioned Heinz in the back! mmmmmm... anyway...  my boyfriend said his burger was just okay too. Lastly, the service was frustrating. Apparently some drama took our waitress away for quite a while... I had to flag down other waitresses several times.
Not a horrible experience, but this is Philly, people! Their are fantastic options galore! Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.Being a lover of both interesting beers and interesting food, Varga was right up my alley.  I had been to Varga once for drinks a few months ago and, after perusing the dinner menu then, knew I wanted to go back for dinner.  Fast forward a couple of months to this past weekend when some friends from D.C. came up to visit; we wanted a low key dinner before heading out on the town, so I suggested Varga.  
The first thing I loved about this place, which I discovered when I was there a few months ago, is the beer selection.  There are multiple selections on tap for any type of beer lover; IPAs, stoudts, wheats, lagers.  Each beer is described to a tee on the beer menu so, say you're like me and love hoppy, piney IPAs but are sometimes disappointed when you order one that tastes like too much alcohol or wheat, you can choose a beer based on the flavors you like.  These guys know their beer and that alone makes it worth stopping by.
After we moved on to the dinner menu, we settled on the Truffled Mac & Cheese as our appetizer (I would've ordered some more apps, because they all sounded delicious, but we were going out afterward and didn't want to be too full).  What I loved most about this dish was how subtle the truffle and bacon flavors were.  Truffle and bacon can too often overpower the dish they are being used in, but that was not the case here.  The truffle flavor was nicely integrated into the cheese sauce (which was nice and light as well) and the bacon was limited to crispy pieces crumbled all over the top of the dish.  It was a great spin on your traditional mac & cheese.  
For dinner, I ordered the Kobe Burger.  I'm not sure if the beef was actual Japanese Kobe or American kobe (I'm guessing the latter since it would've been more expensive otherwise), but, regardless, it was a perfectly cooked (I ordered it medium), melt in your mouth burger.  I did not find the cheese (cheddar I believe) or bacon to be too much.  My one minor complaint about the burger is that the roll was so soft and the burger was so juicy (that is not part of the complaint) that the roll got so mushy, I had to finish the burger with a knife and fork.  Also, I wasn't really a fan of the homemade ketchup; it tasted like a fruit that I couldn't quite place...and it was just too sweet for me.  The friends that I was with loved it though.  
I can't really comment on any other entrees; one of my friends also got the burger (and had the same mushy roll problem)... my other friend got the hand made rigatoni, which I didn't taste.  He seemed to like it though.  
The other thing I love about Varga is that it is very reasonably priced... between 3 of us we had one appetizer, 3 entrees and 6 drinks (5 cocktails and one beer) and the bill was $100 (not including tip).  When I can walk out of a place with a full stomach and a good buzz for $40, I am happy.  Without drinks, it probably would've been half that.  
I would highly recommend Varga to anyone who loves trying different beer and/or enjoys great food with a unique twist.   I am really looking forward to going back so I can try some other things from the menu (like the breakfast cereal ice cream and the ribs).  The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because I personally can't give any place 5 stars if I've only eaten there once.  If it's as good next time as it was this time, I'll be updating my rating to 5.
One last thing...we went around 9pm on a Friday night and there was about a half an hour wait.  However, you can also choose to sit at the communal table (a long table which seats about 8 or 10) in the front window if you don't want to wait.  We did that and had the whole table to ourselves for the 1.5 hours that we were there.  So, if you don't feel like waiting to be seated, it's not a bad choice.It took me a while to get to this place (an unfortunate naming issue with one of my ex-coworkers which I shan't get into)  It looks cool enough and I like all the outdoor seating.  A couple friends went the other day and enjoyed it so I tried it out as soon as a nice outdoor eating day came along. 
Well - it was good. Not great.  And some things were just irksome.  
First pickles - I love pickles.  We ordered the mixed pickle app.  I was super excited, but soon somewhat let down.  Don't serve mushy pickles!  that is not OK.  Some of the veggies were slightly unidentifiable, and the baby carrots were downright gross. 
I ordered a watermelon margarita - it was just OK.  The one I made myself at home a day earlier tasted the same and didn't cost 8 dollars. 
My GF ordered the hotdog - that was pretty tasty.  But the coleslaw, although it looked tasty, was not. 
The mussels and clams were tasty, but why no spoon to eat the broth and really, just ONE piece of garlic bread?  That is just weird and cheap.  I had to ask for some more bread, which I finally got.
But seriously the most annoying thing here is that they charge you for refills on soda.  Seriously - that cup of diet coke cost you like 3 cents, why charge us 2.50?!  For all you know you are screwing over someone's DD and that is just rude.  
in all honesty I probably won't be back here.Varga is fine for a night when you want to sit outside. It happens to be close to my apartment which is why I go so often. The food is solid, outdoor seating with my dog is always available which is something I look for. The  service isn't spectacular depending on who you get..but all in all its OK in my book,I'm not complaining, really I'm not. But for a chef to boldly claim the 'Best wings in Philly' and have a wing cook-off, I was expecting something great served from his kitchen. I was a bit disappointed. 
I went for the Superbowl wing cook-off (my fav was the Jerk Chicken) and was very impressed with each contestants dish, so of course I had to order Varga Bars infamous wings, slow-cooked with duck fat! They were so tender, falling off the bone literally, but the flavor...not at all a runner up to any of the contestants. 
Anyway, about Varga Bar, I enjoyed the experience, even though the bar tender was too busy most of the time and the food was subpar. I guess good company and a good game can do that for you. OK, I am complaining a bit.Had a great time, took my girlfriend out for her birthday. We got a table as soon as we came in and the waitress was right behind. My drink Miss October was good, not too strong. 
Our food came out in about 5 minutes. The lump fries were great! and I put a little of the house ketchup on the side. We had the duck confit chicken wings and they were really good. Hot and sticky, tangy with a nice heat that sits at the back of your throat. 
 I can't wait to go back.Truffle Mac and CHEESE! 
If I had to rank all of the Mac and cheese in philly Varga would be top. This dish is cooked to perfection with a crunchy top, great shaped noodles, (we all know shape matters), super cheesy and truffle oil. Just to take it to the next level they sprinkle pieces of black truffle on top.  
Truly a masterpiece.I love every thing about this small eatery, from the delicious seasonal drinks to the yummy burgers cooked to perfection (or not cooked as is the case with me--the rarer the better). 
If you aren't in the mood for a full meal, try the Kobe sliders or the jumbo lump crab cheese fries and nosh with your buds.We decided to stop by here for a quick dinner bite on last saturday. my friend ordered mojito but it the drinks had little to no alcohol content. I ordered chicken sandwich from the menu. The server was not interested to suggest us or care to ask any question about the food we ordered. The coleslaw which i got with sandwich wasn't freshly made or something, i ended up throwing up after going home that night. Overall didn't like the place. We thought this place was expensive for a drink and 2 order of entrees. approx $ 50 bill when i compare it with the quality of food & service.Definitely one of the best places to eat and drink with friends in the city. The duck confit wings are amazing and so is the butternut squash ravioli special. I also love their burger. Top notch!I don't typically write reviews about places I didn't actually eat, but Varga really irked me. I walked up innocently to the bartender and I asked if I could sit down and use my computer while I had a beer. He told me sure, so I sat down at the table outside. Then I was rudely confronted by a waiter who told me literally that I was wasting the restaurant money by sitting at a 4 top. It was past 9 o'clock and the restaurant was half empty. I walked around the block but could not find another bar, so I returned and asked another waitress to sit at a 2 top outside. She said sure but you have to ask a hostess. Ha! Whatever ... So I found a hostess, but she told me that I could not sit at the table I wanted to because she had just sat that waiter. I gave up and left. It would behoove the manager to relax a bit and try to focus on customer service rather than rules that complicate the dining experience. It is a bar after all.Varga is just all-around great. The bartenders are super friendly. The draft list is always fantastic. And now that I've finally tried their food (the kobe sliders), I can only say good things about that too. So, yes, Varga emanates all the positive describers.
I was here most recently Monday night for a meet-and-greet with Ninkasi's founding brewer. They're out of Eugene, Oregon, and I LOVE THEM. They also had bottles of Ninkasi's new Ground Control. I'm not actually sure how to put into words how excited I was about both of those points (my hands shook a little upon receiving the pretty pretty space stout..), but I feel like I have to mention it here because Varga is awesome and hosts must-attend events like that.
Definitely returning soon!I ate here this past weekend and had a very good experience. The homemade pickles were delish. Great beer selection, and the menu is not over priced. We also had a veggie burger which was homemade but not the best I've had. I love the fact that they make their own ketchup and mustard. I lalso ordered the mussels which were to die for. Among the best I have ever had, which says a lot. I am guessing they ake their own fish stock which makes this such a killer dish. I plan on going back for happy hour and when I am really hungry a lobster/ shellfish entree which sounded to die for.This place is great! Its a cozy place to get drinks, and they do have a pretty stellar drink selection on hand. The outdoor seating is really cute, and I'll have to bring my doggie next time. I got a turkey burger, which, I actually sent back because my boyfriend and I were 99% sure it was beef and not turkey...but it came back, and the waiter assured me it was turkey, so I let it go. I swear it still tasted and looked like beef, though. Either way, it was still good, so I didn't put up much of a fight. The BF is obsessed with the duck fat wings, which I will have to try next time (BEFORE he scarfs them down like he hasn't seen food in 6 years) lol. Service was a little slow, but all in all, we had a pretty good experience here and will be returning.
**Edit** I finally tried the duck confit wings, and they were worth the wait! Fall-off-the-bone delicious although I do wish the skin was a teeny bit crispier. We came during an Eagles game on a Sunday and they had some pretty good beer specials, too!I've been here 3 times I think. As a vegetarian I don't have thaaaat many options but the ones I do have are fantastic. The veggie burger is outstanding. Seems like it's pretty healthy but also very very tasty - lots of flavors going on. I've also had the pan-fried gnocchi (I requested that they take out the lobster-not a problem)...that was really effing good too. The cheese plates are awesome, I really recommend getting one! They're a lot of fun to eat.
The beer selection is great...they have a lot of nice, fancy beers.
Service is pretty good, not the most attentive, but it's not a big deal. The food makes up for it.Just not  the type of place for me. Not a fan of the decor. I think it's overprice for how much I like it. I was here once for a happy hour and they were pretty picky with ending ordering deals before the hour was up. It's nice to sit outside, but I don't think the food is all that great. They had a pretty good list of beers and other drinks, but I don't know, something about this place really isn't for me.Update: be sure to ask for their Specials or look at their specials menu outside. The best good is on there. After coming once and bring underwhelmed by their selection if you want something light, I tried again for the World Cup (they have TVs and AC!). 
Loved their watermelon & feta salad - which was a special menu add on. The feta was warm and delicious served on top of watermelon. Also tasty nuts sprinkled throughout and endives if I guessed correctly. All of this on a bed of arugula mixed with balsamic vinaigrette. Yum! 
My friend also loved her tasty pulled pork tacos. They were very flavorful and had nice amount of pork.  
Original review:
We chose Varga Bar because we wanted to sit outside for drinks on a nice summery night. This was a nice setting for it, but so far it wasn't anything special other than the location.
Good wine, but nothing exciting.  We also tried the beer-battered pickles with aoili sauce (good sauce combination, but I wasn't excited with the execution - the outside didn't stick to the pickles at all, so you really had to just eat them separately).
The pot o' pickles was decent as well - just classically pickled veggies.  Nothing too special.
Loved the location, though!  And the outdoor seating.  The service was good, but nothing too special.  Perhaps I'll try out Varga another night for a more exciting experience.Disclaimer:  this review is about their brunch, so I may not be privy to the late-night shenanigans that seem to be dropping their rating so low.
My beau and I ate here on a whim after seeing that Kanella had a wait, and our stomachs and schedule weren't looking for a place with a wait.  We were skeptical: a place with the word "bar" in it, and, oh yeah, no wait on a Sunday during peak brunch hour.
I went with the Cinnamon Apple French toast, and the guy went with the special sandwich: soft shell crab.  The french toast was amazing: 3 thick pieces of crispy battered brioche, layered with warm cinnamon-y apples that were soft but not mushy, topped with whipped honey butter and marscapone cream.  Finished with a drizzle of cinnamon maple syrup.  They were definitely in my top-5 best french toast dishes I've ever eaten (sorry, Sabrina's).  
The soft shell crab looked pretty appetizing too: lightly battered, not too greasy, and he was a big guy, so you weren't want for lump meat.  The brioche bun looked nice and fluffy, and the guy finished it off without a hitch, so my educated assumption is no complaints on that dish!  We were both pleasantly surprised and relieved that our last-minute change ended up being an advantageous one.
Here's why I docked a star: 
  1. The "applewood smoked bacon".  AKA, Oscar Meyer thin-sliced pre-packaged stuff cooked to a lukewarm soft consistency.  Skip it.
  2. Our practically-inaudible waiter.  We sat outside, and with the street noise, could barely hear a thing he said about the specials.  He seemed pretty terrified at the fact that he was talking to people.Probably deserves more like 3.5 stars.  I gave it three, but it has lots of potential.    I've actually ended up there twice in the last week.  Each time ran me around $20.
The good: 
Outdoor seating, open until 1 with a good beer selection.  I'm all about Varga just for that.  Most of the seating is outside, but they have 1 (maybe more) banquet tables inside.  
The beers:
A few more than 20 beers on tap, all pretty good, leaning local.  Average beer is $6.  They have Growlers for $25 (which is a little odd since you can buy these beers at the distributor, but whatever I'm on board).  
(Recognizing they just opened) Some things to work on:
+ they need to get pitchers.  We're going there to drink.
+ they need to get a happy hour (and/or participate in SIPS).
+ the cans of schlitz and pabst are $3.50...riiight
the food:
All the food's pretty good.  I've split the kobe sliders and had the roast pork sandwich (it's not tony luke's but i'm definitely getting it again).  Each dish came out with ketchup and horseradish mustard/sauce with way too much horseradish.  You can get stuff for around $10. 
The big problem on the food front is that they're missing the eat-while-you-drink menu item.  Think of the delicious bar bites at pub and kitchen or the $3 truffle popcorn at royal tavern.  The only food less than five dollars at Varge is a 'pot-o-pickles' which may be delicious, but I'm not sure if it's the greatest drinking snack.  I know it's early, but food service is a little slow. 
At the end of the day  varga is a great addition to the neighborhood (a big improvement over azul).New Review:
I feel I need to write a new review of Varga because I've been there about a half dozen times now and have a better feel for the menu and service.  
I've downgraded Varga from 5 stars to 3.  Here is why:
The food.  The first time I went, my wife and I had the best thing on the menu, purely by accident.  Since then I've tried many different things and it all comes down to 'trying to hard'.  Most of the dishes have too many ingredients, sloppily put together, which muddy the flavor of the entire dish.  The cheese platter is absolutely foul, the sauces are ridiculously over done, creating a 'poured everything in the fridge' into it kind of flavor.  The parings are amateur, and I'm not even the cheese snob in my family.  The Kobe Beef Hotdog is an affront to nature, the chili is the only saving grace on what could easily be the worst wurst of all time.  The French Toast monstrosities at brunch are covered in 'stuff', tons of great ingredients piled on to of each other to create utter chaos.
The chef at Varga needs to get simple.  Bar food is not difficult.  Simple ingredients, don't overburden your food.  Let the freshness of the beef or carrots speak for the dish, not the eight other things you normally pile on top of it.
The lobster cheese fries are good.  The beer is excellent.  Personally, I'd just stick to the beer.
-------------------------------
Original Review:
My wife and I have been waiting for a night away from the kids for quite a while and since Varga was right around the corner we decided to try it out.
In-cred-ible!  I was very impressed.  The main focus of the restaurant is craft beers with jazzed up bar food (instead of a burger it's a kobe burger).
I had the Red Russian River and Flying Fish Espresso beers and both were outstanding.  After talking to the Beer Manager, I was more than impressed with the breadth of knowledge and experience he displayed.  Varga has a true beer nut working and supplying the place with top quality suds.  The prices are extremely reasonable for what they pour, you can get the same beers at Ulegy across town but for $2 more.  Varga is a real bargain for specialty beer.  And if you just want a PBR or Shlitz they're hiding in the fridge below the god stuff... philistine!
We had the Fish and Chips, my wife being English by birth gave it a big thumbs up.  Light, flaky, nice homemade vinegar, with slim chips.  I had the pork pulled pork sandwich, which was very nice.  Usually you expect a pull pork sandwich to be loaded down with some crappy sweet sauce, not at Varga.  It's fresh, clean and very piggy rather than saucy.  The homemade horseradish mustard was excellent, but it will definitely kick your teeth in if you're not a 'spicy' eater.
We'll definitely be back.  After a long line of failed businesses, this location has finally found a real gem.This open air corner bar is fresh, from the frescos of beautiful females (old style pin-ups) to the nice bar and tables.  We were referred her by a local restaurant for the craft beer selection but enjoyed the food as well.  The draft beer selection was wide and varied, from IPAs, Belgians to Nitros and Sours.  We tried at least six different ones and when we were deciding on our final there was only one that we didn't consider repeating.  Service was great, we sat at the bar, and enjoyed their pork tacos.  Wish we had time to try more food.  Definitely would go back!I heard great things about Varga but upon entrance, found my self unhappy there. The bartender was obviously busy and when I asked for a menu he pointed to the chalkboard. I ordered the fried pickles and put my jacket on the hook as I waited for my friend to arrive. Pretty much as soon as I had ordered my seasonal fall beer the pickles were placed in front of me. The beer was just what I wanted. 
After my friend arrived we ordered food. The sandwich I got was delicious. It started to get noisy so we left.
Will go back but wont order the pickles.I was initially skeptical of Varga Bar.  We went late on a Saturday morning, I was slightly hung over, and the place seemed pretentious.  We sat at the bar, and the bartender was a little aloof.  My attitude quickly improved when I saw the beer selection and interesting menu offerings.  I ordered a crab omelet, which was pretty exceptional, even though I wasn't feeling 100%.  I'd definitely return if there weren't an infinite number of interesting places in Philly left to check out!We have been to Varga a minimum 20 times over the past two years, and have been extremely happy with the food and service quality.  A favorite on the menu item is the Truffle Mac and Cheese.  Absolutely delicious.  The specials offer fantastic options as well, and are ever changing.  This isn't even to mention a good craft beer selection.  We will continue making regular trips here without a doubt.
Just updating the review after the most recent trip. Once again the food and drinks were very good with a terrific beer selection. Unfortunately, this was our first bad service experience.  We've been here 30ish times and were here again for Mom's Day brunch.  I really enjoy the brunch here the lobster omelette was delicious as was the cremè brûlée French toast.  Our waitress, Sarah (according to the check), took our order and then ignored us the entire rest of the hour we were there.  Never asked if the food was ok.  Never checked to see if we needed anything.  She didn't even bring the check, the guy running the food had to.   We'll definitely still go back but will be sure to avoid this specific server.Went to the Varga bar over beerfest for the street festival on Saturday. The pinup artwork/decore which was the main reason we picked the venue was cool and well done but left us a little underwhelmed, like watching a comedy where you see all the good one liners in the previews. 
That being said the tap selection was decent and varied well, even if a little over priced and the staff was knowledgeable when free and not swamped from the foot traffic that day. I'm not certain you could get three people behind the bar there but it would have helped them a ton.
One of my friends I had gone with tried to pay by card, and within 50 seconds of handing it over the bar staff had misplaced it. Took about 30 mins but after searching through garbage cans and all over the place behind the bar itself it finally manifested. We kinda expected a comp on the drinks which never came, but they were very apologetic.
All in all a fair experience at best but I think beerfest had a big part to do with it.Varga bar is great!  Small place but so cute!  I've always been pleased with the service and the food is amazing.  It is great to try the monthly drink specials (Miss December being a personal favorite).  The sliders and potato soup are to die for! Can't wait to get back.Stopped in for a simple lunch. Liked the look of this spot, and outdoor seating was a plus. I had a Caesar salad with real anchovies ( although they were not plentiful) and polenta croutons, which were super.   Sweetheart had duck confit wings with blue cheese--messy good eatin'.  Sweetheart also enjoyed his beer with a blackberry after taste. A very enjoyable light meal, and good service, tooThis place is small but I came here on a fun night where if you're wearing white, you can order any stout for 4$ so my friends and I braved through the off-night big crowd to enjoy the beverages and each other's company. Once you get hungry, you MUST ORDER THE WINGS! They're Duck Confit wings and they're incredibly soft, tender and juicy.... I think they may just have been the best wings I've ever had.I live right down the street from Varga and love it! The service and bartenders are always really chill and very good servers. 
FOOD-
Tasty food! Crab fries are pretty addicting and Duck Wings are very good.
The burger and veggie burger were ok... the meat was soggy with the burger and basically a mush on the veggie burger. 
BAR-
Good late night place any day of the week, good drinks and beers!I hate to say this but I was disappointed this visit to varga bar. I thought a mid after trip to varga bar was a great way to start my memorial day. Full of excitement I wondered what I would order. So after ordering I looked over there drink menu. I decided to order a miss June a mango guava Collins. I had high hopes for this cocktail. I looked over to the bartender and he pulls out Vladimir vodka and using it for the drink. As most my know vladimir vodka is the equivalent to rubbing alcohol. I have to say that drink ruined my dinning experience. I wanted to leave as soon as possible. All I can do is hope that this was a one time thing or I might have to stick to my beer next time.Best bar food I have ever had. The lump crab cheese fries are a must try.
Get the apple cider and the cereal ice cream!Been here twice and it is a pretty straightforward bar with some fun decor. The staff has always been nice and they have a solid beer selection. Haven't eaten much here but I would be willing to come back and check it out.I should preface this by acknowledging that I have been in the restaurant industry for the past 9 years, in all positions of hosting, serving, bartending and managing. So I am very patient and understanding when things go wrong in the industry. 
My friends and I were in search of a new brunch spot to try when we were recommended Varga bar. So why not give it a shot?! The menu showed promise. 
We dined here last Sunday around 12:15 so it was moderately busy, but my friend showed up early to snag a spot at the communal for us. We were greeted and ordered our beverages (2 coffees, a Mimosa, and a Lemon Drop). My friend has never had a Lemon Drop so I wanted him to try it, since it's one of my favorite go to drinks. 
Upon receipt of the drinks, we noticed that the Lemon Drop was a light pink not at all a similar shade to the light yellow I'm accustomed to or he had ever seen.  My friend tried it and said it was very tart, which is to be expected. So I tried it since I knew what they were supposed to taste like. This drink was so tart and definitely made with grapefruit juice to explain the color and taste. 
When our server finally returned to check on us and ask us if we wanted more coffee for our empty cups I brought up the drink to her. I simply asked if perhaps the drink was made with grapefruit juice since this drink was not like any Lemon Drop I have had before.  She asked the bartender and from behind the bar he tells us the ingredients poured for the cocktail in a snarky and matter of fact tone that he did not put grapefruit in the drink. Either way this drink was not made properly, no matter what ingredients he believes he used. 
The server struggled to handle the situation, saying well he says he didn't put it in. She ultimately offered to have another drink made, but we declined. If this drink weren't made correctly then how should we trust another drink? We were still charged $12 for the drink that stayed untouched at the table. 
The food was sub par and seemed to be lacking. I ordered the french toast was smothered in syrup. I recommend serving the syrup on the side so that the patron can control the amount.  My fiancee ordered the pancakes which had the syrup problem as well and was served cut in half and stacked diagonally, which was unnecessary. My friend ordered the veggie burger that was mediocre compared to others in the city. 
The server was aloof. Once our plates were cleared it took her about 10 minutes to visit our table. It took an unreasonable amount of time to drop off our check and process it. 
Varga bar should re- evaluate their waitstaff  because it's a shame to have this experience.Make sure Matthew waits on you!!  Varga under sells itself as a bar.  We had a great dinner with mussels, chicken half (which two people easily shared) and a Caesar salad.  Everything was perfect.  We met our daughter there for drinks and discovered by happy surprise they had food.  The brownie with ice cream was shared by three.  Matthew was flawless, coming back at perfect intervals to refresh drinks and make sure food was good.  He even got the chef to do a special prep on the mussels.  We now have a new fav place for when we return and daughter a new neighborhood hangout.  Thank you, Matthew!I finally found Ninkasi beer (an Oregon brewery) on the east coast! The beer battled pickles, turkey burger, and before burger were great. The beer is also reasonably priced. I liked the mustard sauce better than the barbecue sauce.As with Emily P., I really don't know why it took me so long to try out Varga Bar.  My friend and I finally decided to check out Varga Bar's offerings. He ordered the beer-battered fish and chips which he enjoyed very much. I ordered the papardelle with lobster, spinach, tomato; however, it tasted a lot like something I could get at Olive Garden :( But it was great nonetheless.
Highlight of the entire meal: breakfast ice cream! What a novel idea! Basically, you will receive three different flavors that are made in house. That night, the dish included Honeycomb, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Fruity Pebbles. This dish alone warrants another visit, for you and me both. And I hear the truffled mac 'n cheese is amazing.look, if you don't know how to poach an egg, don't make eggs benedict one of your main breakfast stars. there were 4 of us and 2 of us got eggs benedict, anxious to try the orange hollandaise. everything was totally lackluster but all 4 eggs were nearly completely hard boiled. it only takes a couple minutes to poach an egg so once you realize you messed up, remake them. 
we came here so another person could get the burger, which we heard great things about. overcooked and chewy, disappointing flavor. the other person got pulled pork and it looked so dry, I couldn't even bring myself to ask how it was.
bloody mary was great, that earns two stars.Great atmosphere- small and open air diner with 1940s theme: Varga girls. Tap list was impressive segregated into Session Blond, Strong Blond, Session Dark, Strong Dark, Cask. Had things there like Port Mongo, Older Viscosity, Flying Dog The Fear, Sly Fox, Prism, Yards. Good variety. Some of the kegs seemed to be a bit off though. Staff was friendly and very knowledgeable about the local craft beer scene, which is gigantic obviously in Philly. Very cool place. Food was outstanding: steak frites were top notch, sliders and burgers were very good. Went here three nights in a row. Definitely worth coming here for dinner and not just for the bar.I've been to Varga several times and every experience is a good one. I have yet to be let down by this great bar. Whether its for lunch, brunch, dinner or just for drinks. There is a vast beer list and several specialty drinks that are Pinup girl themed. I'm really liking the whole Pinup girl theme, its a nice change from slumming in the dive bars.
The pricing on everything is generous, even the cheese platters are reasonably priced. Considering how close Varga is to Tria, I would definitely choose Varga for cheeses even though the variety is smaller. I'd sacrifice my variety to save money. Also, The service has always been polite and accommodating. No complaints there.
So basically Varga is good if you're on a budget and don't feel like dealing with dive bars. Delicious food, vast beer list, good specialty drinks, nice atmosphere,  and light on the wallet. I'd say that is worth five stars.Went for drinks and loved the pub food. Great munchies . A local bar with very good service. . Can't wait to go back!I've only been here twice but I always have a great time. I just love the atmosphere, the service, and the food. If I lived closer this would be a bar I visit on a biweekly or weekly basis. The beer selection never disappoints and the food is amazing. The watermelon salad they had over the summer was to die for and the fried pickles are the best I've ever had! You need to get these at least once!I don't know why it took me so long to try out Varga, I only live 3 blocks away.
First things first - this is a meat eaters restaurant. I am not a vegetarian, but I try to eat vegetarian as often as I can. So I went with the veggie burger. It wasn't that great, but after re-reading the menu and realizing that almost every other thing on the menu besides the salads had meat, that was probably my mistake.
My boyfriend got the braised short rib stew. It took almost 20 minutes for him to finally order it seeing as it was $17, but once it came he forgot all about the price. I tried it, and it was seriously amazing. Almost as good as my grandmothers. Delicious.
The beer menu is good, lots of choices on draft. (Happy hour is Mon-Fri, 4-6pm, where they have half priced draughts, cocktails and house wines.)
I hardly ever get dessert, but I decided to try their cereal ice cream trio, because it is made in house. Wow. The best ice cream I think I've ever had. I don't know why this hasn't been thought of before but seriously, it was incredible.
Service was good. Our waitress was very nice and quick with refills. 
I'll definitely be going back, this time I won't be so picky and go slightly out of my comfort zone and order some meat. Definitely recommended. 
Note: Their dinner menu isn't online, on their website or on menupages. The lunch menu is different, so don't do what I did and look at the lunch menu and go in for dinner expecting to order something.Went here with the boyfriend last night. Seem to have an awesome menu, which am grumpy about after making a New Year's resolution to eat better.  Ended up with mussels which were just OK.  However the beer selection was nice, including some as yet untasted Yards choices.  Boyfriend also claims Varga had the best veggie burger he had ever tasted.
Is the kind of bar that dulls your senses; is loud and dark.  But waitress was friendly and attentive and place is a-OK. Will return when have given up on New Year's resolution, which will almost certainly be within the month.I have eaten at Varga twice. Both times I got really great service and incredible food. The first time, we were there on a fairly quiet night, so my waiter thoroughly went through the menu with us, then he gave me a few samples of their beer when I was having trouble making a decision. Second time was busier and we sat outdoors. Some of their outdoor seating is weird but they let us move. The chicken wings, mussels, and brownie sundae are yummy!!I usually don't go to happy hour in the Washington Square area because I would miss most of it by the time I get home from work. On Thanksgiving Eve, I got to have a little fun in the neighborhood.
I've passed by Varga Bar a decent amount of times and I've heard people talk about it, but ultimately one of their happy hour listings on a local bar app led my group in. 
My group was just there for drinks but we were able to sit at a table with waitress service. That goes above and beyond in my books because sometimes I want to enjoy happy hour and conversation at a table- not at the bar. 
Our server Amanda was friendly and tolerant of the fact that we were just ordering drinks and already in a playful mood. She was on top of beer levels and came over to check our status when a glass looked low. 
During happy hour, most beers are half off. They have a pretty good craft beer selection with about 20 beers on draft. We were getting 10 oz pours of Firestone Walker Double Jack IP and Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA for $3-$3.50 a pop.  
Varga Bar has a great happy hour for those who can make it there by 6pm.I was here a couple years ago while visiting Philly and really enjoyed it.  Chill atmosphere, good beers, and great food.I was introduced to Varga by a friend and local Philly resident. While the establishment is a bit small, the food more than makes up for the establishment lack of room.  The crab fries are fantastic and Varga has become a regular visit for me when in the Philly area.  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is very relaxed.  The bar has a decent selection of beer, though the wine list is a little lacking.crab fries....yummmmmm
scallop with crab, wild mushroom, asparagus special with truffle au jus.....yummmm
miss august cocktail (st. germain w/gin and other stuff)....yummm
rib eye cheesteak w/ truffle fries.....yummmm
def have to check this place out again....so many other things that were indulging (mac and cheese with truffles, roasted brussel sprouts...) but our tummies were maxed out to capacity...awesome service, place is kinda small but all good.I've become a regular to this delicious beer bar, and i've seen different beers literally every time i've been there (nearly weekly).  Showcasing some small brewery beauties and larger favs, the stuff they have on tap is always well described, and rarely disappoints (plus, they let you try before you buy, which is a plus in my book).  
Sliders are amazing. 
Fries with crab and cheese!?  never heard of it, but damn gina!  fantastic.  Duck wings are a newly amazing treat (but don't expect your normal spicy wing recipe).  
A little on the pricey side, admittedly, but a pleaser of palates.Came here with friends at around 11:30 at night for some drinks. Waitress was incredibly rude to us because we didnt order a full on dinner service. Given that this is a bar/restaurant and the time we came at, that hardly warrants such a negative, unprofessional attitude towards your customers. There werent any lines out the door and the restaurant was hardly packed so I don't know what her beef was. She made us feel incredibly uncomfortable with her eyerolls and snarks so I will not be coming here anymore. Drinks were good though just not the service. Heck service might be good - it could've been just my waitress.Two recent viisits and the wait staff and bartenders are rude.  They take forever to acknowledge your presence and have attitude.  Hostesses are nice tho.Enjoyed it while I was there. It's more divey feel than I expected but it was awesome inside. Great environment. Good date spot.Great neighborhood bar.  Good selection of beers.  Tasty food on the menu.  What more could you ask?!!I've been to Varga Bar a few times now, mainly for brunch, and it has been consistently awesome. Most recently, my SO and I went there for brunch. I had the spiced apple challah French toast, and she had the grilled ribeye & eggs. The French toast consisted of two thick slices of challah bread that were not overly soaked in egg and French toast can often be. I had it with a nice and crispy order of the applewood smoked bacon. My partner's ribeye was cooked perfectly and came with cheddar scrambled eggs, shiitakes mushroom jus, roasted potatoes. We were both very pleased with our choices and also very happy with the beers we had with our meals: me, the hand pulled Yards Vanilla Love Stout; she, the Rouge Shakespeare Stout on nitro. Service was excellent as it always has been.
Previously, at brunch, I had the outstanding lump crab, spinach and Boursin Omelet. We've also had the Varga salad, which has rroasted butternut squash, arugula, mint, red onion, toasted pumpkin seeds, shaved parmesan, cider-clove vinaigrette, and truffled mac 'n' cheese.
Their drinks are named for the months, e.g. Miss July, and are usually interesting and tasty. The beer selection is diverse and clearly delineated by style. The servers are always well-informed about the beers and can make helpful selections.This is a great example of a little restaurant in the city with a great concept and better food. It's not too stuffy and uptight and it takes that and runs with it. The menu selection is unique (the crab cheese fries are something everyone needs to experience), the beer menu is huge and the cocktail selection is small but unique. Service is great, with hipsters typical of Center City making up most of the staff. My only complaint would be that, for a cute restaurant with a great concept, the food and drink menus are a little busted-looking. Dirty and cracked laminate seems almost a crime for a place like this. I'd say upgrade to a paper menu in a metal or fabric binder and the experience would be perfect.I came here for brunch and I must say Delissssh! 
Not a huge selection of items for brunch, but that is okay. What they do offer .....comfort food, perfect portion size and perfect parings of ingredients.  And their bread pudding, OMG I died and came back to eat some more.... So good. Don't wait, order some.
The service was excellent as well. My coffee was always topped off, which is a plus for me. Nothing sucks more then cold coffee and begging for refills.Wonderful. The prices are perfect for what you're getting. The selection of beer on tap rotates often, and is great and goes well with the menu. Both indoors and outdoors the atmosphere is great, Varga Bar is well-rounded, and not missing a thing!I've gone here about 3-4 times. Each time I've left full, happy and quest bent to google the new beer I had there!! Great spot for after work wind down!!!Fantastic beer list, good service but unfortunately the food has really taken a hit the last few months.   There used to be a great selection of specials through the week but no longer.  Even year round items: truffle mac and cheese, pasta dishes, chili, have really dropped in quality.   
Go for a few beers and enjoy the outdoor seating. Sadly, I can't recommend more than that.Brunch: Not impressed. 
I've been walking by Varga almost daily and have been wanting to drop by as it looks absolutely adorable with great outdoor seating...unfortunately though, I was quite disappointed. 
Poor service - the sense of urgency with our waitress was so lackluster I actually started feeling anxious to leave as brunch had dragged on far too long with an unbussed table...
The food wasn't anything special either. Reading the menu, the eggwhite omelette I ordered looked delicious and flavorful - but it was quite bland. The lump crab fries were tasty at the moment - but ultimately were just frozen fries covered with processed cheese (a great hangover option though).
I've heard that Varga is a fun bar spot - so I won't completely disregard the place and may be back for a happy hour or an evening cocktail.Visited here on a beautiful late-April Friday night. Windows and doors were open wide, the Flyers playoff game was on the tvs,the place was hopping and the hostess was able to secure our party of four a table within a few minutes of our arrival.
We decided to opt for multiple plates to share throughout the table--the brussel sprouts, macaroni and cheese, sliders (cheeseburger and pulled pork). All of it was amazing. Really amazing. 
The place can get pretty loud, so I would not suggest it for a quiet dinner, but the service was speedy and the food was very consistent.I'd have rated Varga 2.5, as in comme ci comme ça. I decided to upgrade the rating because we had a hip and friendly waiter; he rocked the industrial piercing.
My overall impression is the management/owner is cheap and/or tasteless. Why should I care that the waiters dress in faded and lame "10th and Spruce" shirts or that the menu looks so raggedy with areas where water has seeped underneath the plastic? if quite basic presentation elements are neglected, I get the feeling other more serious may get overlooked.
All in all, the food was decent. I got the Varga salad with chicken; which was mediocre. The vinaigrette was relatively tasteless and did not add much. A friend and his wife got the clam/lobster pot, which they thought was very good. Another friend got the crabcake sandwich, which was also very good. Oh... those fries were a salt lick!
The beer selection was surprisingly quite limited. Thankfully the waiter was knowledgeable and helpful with beer selection.
So, I probably will not be going back for dinner. I may check out brunch sometime, perhaps I may get a different impression.Varga is up there on my favorites list in Philly so far.  Their beer list is top notch, and I mean every-beer-I-looked-up-on-Beer-Advocate-is 85+ top notch.  It appears that they have a very rare beer or two on tap at any given time as well (Pliny, anyone?)  
Their food menu is interesting and varied, and could keep me coming back for days with their "normal" stuff alone.  I tried the feta & watermelon salad as well as the turkey burger (I'm a fat kid trapped in a not-so-fat-kid's body, and I'm trying to keep it that way.)  The salad was awesome, the dude's 1/2 chicken beside me was awesome, and the turkey burger, though good, wasn't juicy enough to be awesome, but was good enough to be be good.  They also pickle their own seasonal veggies, so if you're a pickle nerd like I am, you're in luck.  
Their happy hour goes from 4-6, and includes half priced drafts, cocktails, and some wines.  No food specials, but that's a great draft special, considering the offerings.  
Lastly, they are a late night food option, serving a full menu until 1am...that's something that's rare in this city outside of Chinatown, apparently...
I could quite easily bump this up to 5 stars on my next trip back, but I'm not quite there yet due to the 3.5* turkey burger....Varga Bar is one of my favorite stops, in part due to the fact that it's pracitcally across the street from my lady friend's pad.  Equally important is the beer selection and food.  I don't know about any beer specials, but I like that I can stop in every few weeks and the beers are completely different than last time.  I recently boasted to 2 friends from DC that I probably try 2 new beers a month.  The food is very good too.
The duck confit wings aren't my style, but they are tasty.  Jumbo lump cheese fries, also not my style, but my companion liked them.  The Rigato was delicious and went well with the rye pale ale I had.  The Pan Roasted Chicken Breast was amazing.  Over the summer, lady and I tried the huge pot of seafood.  I doubt it's still available, try back next summer, but it was good.  Good sauce, good chunks of sealife.This Past Friday night my wife and I went to Varga Bar. We got there for Happy Hour, great deal, half priced beers! Food was really good. I had hummus plate and the asparagus tempura, very fun. 
The only downer was at the start of our visit. The hostess gave us a hard time about getting seated. There were not a lot of people sitting outside but she wanted to sit us right next to another two top, jammed next to another couple. Even though there were many free tables. She said she "wanted to optimize her table capacity". I guess I didn't care about her table capacity as much as I just wanted to sit comfortably in an empty restaurant. Whatever!Varga Bar may have a good selection of beers but it is no place you want to go for a Sunday lunch with your kids. We stumbled upon Varga Bar after a visit to Independence Hall -- four adults and three kids (4, 5 & 6 years old) on a lovely Sunday Spring day. They seated us immediately -- the place was not nearly full. We placed our order and that is when things went bad. After bringing us our beverages it was like we did not exist for the next 40 minutes. The rest of the tables around us filled in with young adults. 40 minutes to get a plate of eggs and four $9 salads that, on the menu, advertised as having grilled artichoke heart (1/2 of one), peas and fava beans (I tracked down three beans) and a few shavings of cheese. But the turkey burger for two of the kids was nowhere to be seen and no explanation (a simple "sorry, we will be right out with the burgers" would have been nice). So we waited and waited and finally got a server's attention. He went into the kitchen to check and came back out with someone else's plates and no notice to us. So we waited and finally got our server's attention. "We are very busy, it will be out as soon as possible." It's been 50 minutes now since we sat down with kids who were hungry when we walked in.  And the tables that were empty when we came in were fully served before we were. No offer of bread or anything to stay their appetite. We are doing what we can to keep the kids boiling point down and there is no empathy in this waiter's response. So I boil over and ask to speak with the manager. A big guy from behind the bar comes over to our table and everyone at the table felt he was borderline menacing. But 30 seconds after he left us, with no apology, our burgers magically appeared.  Meanwhile, the kids had eaten all my salad's cheese and artichoke. The turkey burger wasn't half bad, I stole a bite back but it has been a long time that I have been served this poorly.Went there last night for dinner and it was fantastic! Erin was our server and was super sweet and totally sold us on the special pasta with steak. Absolutely delicious! We got the cheese plate which was lovely and the food runner was a huge help doing us what was what on the plate. I got the fish tacos, which had a little too much onions but still good. We also got the 50/50/50 cocktail which I highly recommend.
Overall- great experience, amazing service and will definitely be coming back!Very average experience. Their fried pickles are good and cocktails remain dependable, but their main courses need some work. Turkey burger was a bit dry and their fries were unseasoned... but heck, who really cares, you're at a bar right?!Just an update on the happy hour situation: probably the best in the neighborhood - 1/2 price off all beers. It's a little early (4-6p), but definitely worth stopping by.I am going to start this review out by saying that frankly, I could have made a much better grilled chicken Caesar salad with my face with my hands tied behind my back after drinking a whole 5th of whiskey.
I went to Varga last night for the first time with my sister. The only two good things about this bar is that it features ample outside seating and the service is great. The food infuriated me, because as mentioned above, I could have made myself a better dinner with ingredients that I already had at home and for a much cheaper price. The chicken Caesar salad looked and tasted as if the chef simply overcooked a chicken breast, ripped open some bagged romaine, and set said dry chicken breast atop said bagged lettuce. For the sake of not seeming lackadasical about the dish's presentation, the chef then decided to add some "unique" fried polenta croutons to the mix. 
I had heard good things about Varga's beer selection, but after experiencing it for myself last night, I would rate it as simply lazy. They could have a much greater selection than what they have both on tap and in cans and bottles, especially for a place that markets itself as a "gastropub". For the love of all that is holy, Skinner's Tavern in Old City surpasses Varga's beer selection by leaps and bounds. In fact, rather than wasting my money at Varga, I will go to Skinners the next time.Love Varga so much! It's the first place I tried brussel sprouts and they were incredible so now I order them everywhere. Those, the cheese plate and Turkey with Warm Brie sandwich = probably the love of my life. All of the food is good. Always a good atmosphere - nice and small so you're never waiting long. Good drinks, too. Just took my mom and sister there last weekend and they loved it, too. Love!We were here on a Saturday night (7/6) for drinks only, it was past 10pm and we all had dinner already. But tell me why the waitress decided to give us such a terrible attitude even though we ordered at least 6 drinks for 4 of us? She rolled her eyes, talk in such a snotty tone, and even gave us a terrible look as we left. I have never seen such a degrading attitude in the service industry! I was confused as to what was going on, but my friends pointed out it was probably because we didn't order FOOD. Srsly? We drank and laughed it off, but seriously we will never come back here if we're ever in town. I cannot believe we gave her a tip. Even if you're having a bad day, don't put it out on your customers. The hostess who led us inside was friendly though, so I'm not trying to make it seem like all the workers here have that kind of attitude. 
The drinks were okay, I had hard lemonade (?) and it was eh, didn't even taste the alcohol. My bf had 3 rounds of sangria which was okay but for some reason he loved it. Small bar/dining area in the inside, with chairs/tables available outside. Great location, just unfortunate we were stuck with a snotty waitress.Since my last review I've noticed the food supply trucks delivering FROZEN French fries, pre-cut PACKAGED vegetables and various other "quality" items.  Frozen fries tells me a helluva lot.  No, thanks.Homemade Ketchup! There is no need for it!
It was a beautiful saturday afternoon and I had just recieved some bad news. With that being said the Girlfriend offered to take me out for dinner. I wanted to try Varga, Its a block away and from the outside looked pretty dope.  We sat outside at a table right near the front door and were greeted by our server, very nice but not very knowledgeable or convincing. I ordered a Long Trail Double IPA, I think it was $5 which is great value for a beer of that quality. The beer was cold and quite tasty. I was torn between the fish and chips or the Kobe Burger. I asked the server which she prefered and to say honestly, she made it sound like both were just "ok"  I chose the Fish and chips. The lady chose the burger. We didnt wait long but while we were the server put down homemade ketchup. This my friends is a no-no. Heinz is, in my opinion, one of the top 5 American inventions ever. There is no need to even think about making your own. You just dont mess with perfection. My girlfriend started laughing because she know how I feel about this, yes Im a weirdo. I didnt even ask for Heinz because I knew, from previous experiences, places that make their own dont usually bring in Heinz. I figured I would let it slide. We started with the truffled mac n cheese. It was very creamy, very truffled but not very hot. It was tasty albeit over truffled. When our entrees came they looked great, smelled great and were very hot, always a big plus. Four ample pieces of battered cod and small shoestring potatoes. The dish also came with 2 small ramekins of some sort of bland Aioli and Remoulade and a small sauce boat of malt vinegar. None of which was enough for the entire meal. The fish was very good, crispy, not greasy and very moist inside. The fries were a massive letdown, obviously frozen, underseasoned and lack flavor even with the vinegar. Oh how I longed for Heinz. My Girlfriends burger was massive and it was topped with boston lettuce and beautiful heirloom tomatoes. The Brioche Bun was very fresh and tasty also. She enjoyed it in all of its sloppy mess. Ended the dinner with an Allagash Tripel, a steal at $5.5  Overall the food was a solid 3.5, the price and selection of the beer was a solid 4 and the overall experience a 3.5. I will return, with Heinz ketchup packets in my pocket, Im just in no hurry to do so.