They stop serving the hot bread out of the oven and changed the menu but still great foodWe were in the area for our son's birthday, after spending a long day at Sesame Place we made reservations for our group (six guests) at 7:30. The hostess who took our reservation was pleasant, and we were looking forward to a nice meal with our family.
We showed up at the restaurant right at 7:30 and were told they were preparing our table and we should be seated within a few moments. Over the course of the next 30 minutes several smaller parties arrived, and were seated (which we understand, our group is larger and harder to accomodate). However, a seven-top which had arrived after us and did not have a reservation was also seated prior to us. Seven different times we were told our table was being cleared, and would be "just a few more minutes." After roughly 30 minutes, our three-year old was starting to melt-down from the wait and being hungry so we politely asked the hostess to put in a pizza for us; she agreed, and placed the order.
When the kids pizza arrived the manager delivered it, and rather than apologize for the wait berated us for being impatient and asked "What do you expect me to do? Kick other guests out?" At this point we were tempted to leave, but not being from the area and being extremely hungry we continued to wait; ignoring the pompous behavior of the management. 
Once we were seated our server was just ok, she was slow returning to our table at times, and forgot a drink order... but overall not bad. The food was pretty good as well; given our hunger we all went the quick route and opted for pizza, which was quite good.
Unfortunately the service was beyond unsatisfactory, so next time we're in Philadelphia we will search for another place to eat.We went back with my mom to try out their pizzas. The Parma was awesome! The Double Pepperoni was also good and very flavorful. My mom just wanted a plain cheese pizza so we went with the Margarita pizza. She loved it. We were all very happy with our choices.(This just my experience and opinion)
To save time reading the full review, OVER PRICED GARBAGE. 
The quality of the food here has dropped to VILE. This place WAS great, now its just plain terrible. IF you want a VERY DISAPPOINTING CULINARY experience, you want to come here.  The only thing that was not bad was the DIET COKE we had. 
The waitress was rude and obnoxious. The Manager was all to quick to try and pick a fight.  The one thing we all agreed on is WE WILL NEVER RETURN HERE AGAIN...THIS WAS OUR FAVORITE PLACE TO COME. Note it is the past tense.
The new menu and new recipes are terrible. Everything is excessively salty or has that out of the jar chemical taste. 
This was a better than average place, but with the new menu/manager/owner the place is still pretty inside, but everything tastes of cutting costs.
Here are the reviews from us
They previously served a fresh out of the oven bread with olive oil and parm cheese , it is now a COLD STALE BLAND probably mass produced , dare I call it bread that are now half slices.
Here are a couple reviews from us of the main courses we had.
The "grandma's house"
The pasta was server in a puddle of water.
The big homemade meatball has been replaced with 2 little ones That taste like is came out of a bag frozen ones. The sausage was boiled then grilled (YUCK!)
The escarole was replaced with poorly cooked broccoli rabe.
The gnocchi was GRITTY like SAND.
Both Veal Parm that were ordered were excessively over cooked.
Instead of baked cheese, a couple of cold cut slices were slapped on top with a splash of sauce, just like diner does, NOT LIKE FINE ITALIAN DINING As the store front signage promises.
The Veal tortellini was not good enough to feed to the dog.
It was so salty, it was disgusting. and not even close to what
described in the menu.
The "baked ziti" was more like boiled ziti slopped up in some sauce with a sprig on top. This seems to be the new theme here.
We skipped Dessert and Coffee to go somewhere else.
When a meal experience is this awful, and the personnel
care so little to make it right, you have to know to cut your 
losses and move on. And if they screwed this much up, 
the rest will be two.
The pictures look nothing like what you will get now. They should be removed 
The changes are just more then the menu, its the owners obviously do not care and are all about profit....Send out the SLOP, most won't complain mentality.
The one thing we all agree on is none of would even bring any of our EX's here, we just aren't cruelGreat service. One of the staff brought the food to us in our car while it was snowing for take out!! Other than that, the pasta with ricotta meatballs were good. Spicy tomato sauce wasn't all that spicy. No complaints.The food is so delicious!! Spaghetti and spicy meat sauce is def worth the extra calories!! Great Italian food with a perfect location if you don't want to go into the city and deal with parking.I moved here from Michigan 4 years ago and this place was the place to go. I went here almost every month for "date night" with my wife before we would go to movies and it was the best Italian food I had ever had. Nothing in Michigan came close to the authentic Italian food that they served. When relatives were in town from Michigan we took them here and they agreed, this place was amazing. This place was the best until they changed the menu. They used to serve fresh bread from their oven that was literally worth the trip itself, now they serve bread that you can pick up at shoprite. The menu has been downsized to such a miniscule variety of the same themed food that its redundant to even try new things here. It seems like the menu has been downsized to reduce costs but from the reviews here it seems like it has also reduced appeal. They had a "build your own" pasta menu that had more variety than their entire menu does now. The portions are smaller now, there are fewer choices now, the price has gone up, but the service remains decent. The staff is friendly but they went from serving "grandma's house" to chef boyarde. Go here if you have never had decent Italian food and you will have a somewhat pleasant experience. Don't go here if you went here 2 years ago and loved it, it will ruin your opinion of this place. I'm giving it 2 stars for the memories and the service (after all I have been here literally about 30 times). My wife grew up in philly, she can make me the food that they now serve here. If your wife can't i recommend a frozen dinner from the grocery store, it is only a slight downgrade from the food they serve, and could probably match it's caliber with salt.Great food and always get Grandmas house but the portions are getting smaller the last 2 visits. Raise the price rather then portions smallerVery disappointed. Been coming here since they open and the portion I received tonight of the Grandmas house was 1/3 what I used to get.  great food but not muchI was born in Naples, and I can tell you this is about as close to authentic Italian cuisine as I've come across in Philadelphia. A little more salt in the sauces than we might use at home but that is to be expected in restaurants. Excellent food. Try their Napoli salad....fantastic!Felicia reviewed this place 3 weeks before this update and said the mussels tasted like dirty diapers...I JUST HAD to ask ... How are you familiar with the taste of dirty diapers???
The place has permanently closed.So my meal started with a pretty good bottle of wine and the waitress was helpful and nice and that's the only reason I'll be giving this place 2 stars after eating! My meal I glance down and find a fly in the sauce like are you serious!! Then after talking to the owner/manager his excuse is he doesn't know how the fly got there that maybe it could've possibly flew in the front door lamest excuse ever completely handled the issue as is it wasn't a big deal personally I don't ever leave reviews but I do not recommend eating thereGreat new upgrade from the old Italian Bistro. Stopped in here after work to check it out and decided to stay for dinner. 
the menu is very diverse, but is a complicated read. I hope the owners read this and simplify the menu.
The service was sub par. My waitress was not very "on the ball" order was taken quick, but that is about it. 
The food was excellent and a welcome change from the old, tired restaurant that was here before. 
I suggest that you try Via Napoli, just be ready to be confused with the menu and just ehh... Service. If it were not for these things it would be a 4-1/2 to 5 star restaurantVia Napoli was a pretty good date night spot for my girlfriend and me.  I like what they had done to the former Italian Bistro and it now has a much more relaxed comfortable feel!
We Started out with the Mozzarella Caprese.  It was very good, and I loved the fact that they had many small plates that featured the fresh stuff!  We then shared the chicken Parm and the "Grandma's House" Pasta (a very nice combination of sausage, meatball, and escarole).  The food was solid, and I would definitely return for another meal!
After we finished we decided to move to their (relatively small) bar area and have a drink and relax a bit.  We had a great bartender who talked with us and gave us his full attention.  Overall, it was not the greatest Italian meal I have ever had but it was very solid and well worth going again!Went here for lunch and got the penne vodka, it was good definitely not the best but I'd come here again!!I came back here on a Saturday night and ordered rigatoni in a sage-butter-parmesan sauce with grilled shrimp on top which was phenomenal. 
My friend had a pasta and seafood dish (it had scallops, calamari, clams, mussels and salmon in it) which was served in a lemon-garlic white wine sauce which she thought was delicious.
The only reason I won't up the rating is because their salads are always wilted and soggy which grosses me out.  In addition, their service is hit-or-miss and the night I was there, our waiter was completely out of it.Went there with a big party today for my parents anniversary and everything was wonderful!!  They even allowed us to bring our own cake and served it for us.  Thank you so much!!Good solid Italian food. Despite what other reviewers said,  we didn't find the menu to be limited. They had a nice rounded variety. The decor and atmosphere was very nice. The service was a bit slow but bearable. Great bread. The antipasti was excellent, especially the roasted red peppers. The chicken parm was very good with tender chicken, crispy breading and a good sauce.  With a salad and app or was enough to share. Ceasar salad was fresh and tasty. Our friends shrimp scampi looked great but had a slightly spicy taste which while good, was unexpected. All in all, we will definitely go back.Alright. This Place.
I went here with my boyfriend for lunch one day. I will say that it is a very lovely place to go and enjoy some real Italian food! I gathered from my very verbose waiter that it is a family run restaurant. A couple of the hosts and even a handful of the waiters had Italian accents and were members of the aforementioned family. 
The food was absolutely delicious. Whether you get an appetizer or not, you are served a large portion of bread with a freshly made olive oil dipping sauce (each waiter makes a unique one with a personal spin!). I enjoyed a seafood bisque with a caesar salad while my companion sunk his teeth into some raviolis. 
I can't stress enough how fresh and flavorful all the food was and strongly stress everyone in the northeast to give this place a go.
My only dig I will throw at this place was the explanation of the menu. If its your first time going do NOT tell your waiter that if they ask. We did and for 10 minutes our waiter went through every dish on the menu. Sometimes this is ok, but I felt like every single thing (or at least it felt like it) was a bit much. 
Despite that, its a great place for people of all ages to enjoy.Nice atmosphere... Caesar Salad, very good - attractive presentation.  Margarita pizza, not very good.  Tasted like jarred sauce with a few pieces of basil thrown in top - nothing special.  But the main reason for the two stars was the $1.98 sharing charge when we did not ask for anything to be divided in kitchen nor did we ask for additional plates or silverware.  Will not patronize any restaurant that is so willing to gouge their customers with sharing charge. Leaves a bad taste that overwhelms the good salad.I had been wanting to go here since I am a big fan of their other two restaurants.
The service was great, waitress was prompt, friendly, took our order, etc.  Food wasn't anything special, typical neighborhood restaurant.  The Muscles were great, similar to their other two restaurants.  The meal itself was good, but no where as good as the restaurant in Trevose or Cherry Hill.
No complaints, ok place to stop for a quick bite.Went here recently and my husband and I ordered the caesar salad and salmon. My salad had a hair in it. So I asked the waitress to bring me a new one. She came back after a half hour with the same salad with just more salad on top of my old one. How did I know, because the salad on the bottom was soggy and they put the same piece of salmon right on top. (Idk why it took them that long to chop up more lettuce. It's not like they made me a new piece of fish) I asked her if they can make me a new plate and she asked if I wanted something different. No, I wanted the same darn thing. By the time I got my salad my husband was done, I was so agitated and and wanted to leave. We got no apology or anything for the lack of service, so we just paid and left. We won't be going back.I'll be surpised if Via Napoli survives too long.  After all, can Northeast Philly embrace a REAL Italian restaurant?  I have my doubts, but I am hoping that I'm wrong, because Via Napoli is a great place to eat.  There are actual COOKS in the kitchen, making food!  It doesn't come shipped to the restaurant in a refrigerated car!  How novel is that?
I've been to Via Napoli twice.  My first trip was on a weeknight.  There were maybe two tables occupied in addition to my table.  The inside looks pretty much the same as it did when it was the Italian Bistro, but the decor has been updated.  You can't miss the pictures in the ladies' room.  There's a gallery of the most handsome priests I have ever seen!
My second trip was on a Saturday during lunch.  Again, only two other tables filled.
On to the food...it has to be the best Italian food I have tased in Northeast Philly.  The meal starts out with fresh baked pizza dough made into a loaf, topped with olive oil, salt, pepper, and plenty of parmesan cheese.   I've eaten two of the pasta dishes.  The first time I was there I had fusilli with eggplant & mozzarella in marinara.  It was delicious.  The gravy (yes, GRAVY, people, not sauce!) was great.  You can tell it was prepared fresh.  The fusilli weren't actually fusilli (which are corkscrew shaped) but an excellent imported pasta that you can't buy in most supermarkets.  The second time I ate there, I had ravioli in butter and sage sauce.  That, too, was fabulous.  There was plenty of filling in the ravioli, they didn't look or taste anything but homemade, and the sauce was made fresh.  I can't think of one thing that I have seen or tasted that looks like it has ever seen the inside of a microwave oven.  
Another reviewer here said they have basic food that you can get anywhere.  I disagree.  You can't get food that tastes like this and is prepared fresh just anywhere.  The restaurant is serving Italian classics.  It serves them well.  I can't see how that's a problem.
The only problem with Via Napoli is the format of the menu.  There's too much to read, and seems to want to trump the dishes up to appear fancy.  There's no need for that.  The food speaks for itself.  The wait staff ask if you want them to explain the menu.  It''s pretty funny to hear waiters or waitresses try to pronounce the names of the dishes, as well as the trattoria concept, but at least they try.  
I'm crossing my fingers that Via Napoli hangs around for a while.This place is mediocre at best. Food is average and overpriced. The portions are small (4 pieces of shrimp in the shrimp pasta).My wife and I went to Via Napoli and had a superb dining experience. What's great about this place is that it is authentic Neapolitan food. So if you looking for Bucca di Beppo style pasta, you're in the wrong place.
The service was excellent. Our server, Anastasia, was very helpful in explaining the menu and style of food. The menu itself was really cool because it was printed on newspaper. Each section also read like a newspaper detailing the type of food and how it is relative to Naples. The best part about the menu is that you can take it home with you and use it for a takeout menu.
They have a nice wine list that is very reasonably priced. The Monte Faliesi Aglianico was great. We shared the Insalte Di Mare which was a seafood salad with a limoncello-citrus vinaigrette. There was plenty of seafood on this salad and the vinaigrette was great, not too sweet and not too citrus tasting. 
My wife had the fusilli with eggplant in a red sauce. The portion size was excellent and it tasted great. I had the chicken marsala with portobella mushrooms, it was nice because the sauce wasn't too buttery and thick. It also came with grilled potatoes and asparagus. For dessert we shared the strawberries that were in an Italian cream sauce. It was a rich but light dessert that finished off our dinner nicely.
Overall Via Napoli has great food and was a lot of fun. We felt like we got a crash course into Neapolitan food in one night. We are definitely going to make it back soon.If you ever dined at the old Italian bistro that used to be here than you'll notice the layout hasn't changed much although the decor has improved. The tablecloths are plastic, which is off-putting however there is a vespa theme that is nice although a bit overdone. The menus are made of newspaper, which is a cool concept but overwhelming to navigate your first time when you're really hungry. Staff is friendly and knowledgable about the food when asked. Skip the sangria it tastes like syrup. Prices are reasonable and fair. Portions are good. The free bread you get isn't a good pairing to soak up sauce. It's thin and hollow, in my opinion an odd choice but light. Maybe they could offer mixed breads instead? Sauces on the mussels and pizza were watery and tasted canned. Pizza crust is thin which is nice but flimsy and had to eat with a fork. Anchovy pizza only had one anchovy per slice and there weren't any in the overall forgettable sauce. It lacked flavor. Dessert was good but two coffees was 5 bucks, a bit high. Beer mugs were on the small side, which matches their 6 seats for the bar. Wine options are good. Overall I will go back and try again but I'm not overwhelmingly impressed. A nice addition to the northeast options though, that's for sure!Please bring back the artisan baked bread for do not like this new bread and especially the butter u serve with itI'm honestly surprised how many ppl gave this place 5 stars, I think 3.5 pretty much sums it up. Making it an excellent first date spot....so your partner doesn't think your cheap (bc it's not olive garden) but they also don't expect you to be a baller.
All you really need to know is get the calamari in garlic sauce, get extra bread for dipping, order one meatball...and leave. But if you want the full report....read below. lol
Some highlights of the place: the ambiance and decor is really nice. You feel like you are sitting at a fancy restaurant. They have an excellent wine menu and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.
Food: 
We ordered the sauteed calamari in garlic and white wine sauce to start and they were phenomenal. Another thing that was phenomenal was their puffed out flat bread smothered in garlic and cheese. So basically 15 mins into my meal I had extremely high expectations.
I ordered Grandma's special as per the server's recommendation. Which is pasta in red sauce with sweet & spicy sausage and a giant meatball. I didn't care too much for the sauce, not too much of it, pasta and sausage had no special umpf to it. But this GIANT FABULOUS MEATBALL. Yum. It was the size of my fist, and seasoned to perfection. I'm not even a meatball lover regularly so trust me when I say it was good.
My date ordered shrimp diablo, not spicy and hated it. It brought these little mini clams that had hardly any meat and a handful of shrimp. He didn't care for the sauce, and actually dumped the awesome leftover calamari sauce on the plate to try to fix it. 
I wouldn't mind trying something else on the menu out here, prices are very reasonable and for me customer service is everything and they were really nice. So go try it out for yourself!Great cute atmosphere in the NE (and better than waiting for an hour for Olive garden). We were seated immediately on a Saturday night at 6. The garlic flat bread that comes with every meal was pretty good. I got the salmon with potatoes and vegetables. The salmon was pretty good and vegetables too, but the potatoes were rock hard and old. I let the waiter know and he immediately brought out  a fresh plate of potatoes...not sure why they didn't give that in the beginning. We also got the pizza with clams...but surprisingly they were still in the shell. The fettuccine Alfredo was also really fresh and light. Our waiter was also really nice and helpful. Overall the food is pretty OK depending on what you get, but a good option for a Saturday night dinner! PS. The menus look like newspapers! Really cool and original.We enjoyed an excellent meal and I agree with others regarding a non-chain restaurant is a welcome addition to the Northeast.  We started with bruschetta (mozzarella and basil) and 5 cheese plate.  The balloon bread was delicious and made to order in their brick oven.  We had side salads, house and Caesar.  The house salad was a mixture of different greens, shredded cheese, olives, diced tomatoes and a delicious vinaigrette. Our main course was Chicken Parmesan w/ribbon fettucini, Fettucini Alfredo w/chicken, and Veal Brasciole w/ribbon fettucini.   Dessert was Chocolate Vesuvius (chocolate lava filled cake with ice cream, fresh strawberries, blueberries, and whipped cream.  Price was moderate but absolutely worth it.  I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys home made pasta and great service.  Also to add, they have a nice children's menu.A step-up from Italian Bistro, and better than Olive Garden, Via is a good place to go when looking for a decent, edible meal.  I have been hesitant to try the meat from past experiences at Italian Bistro (I know, soo immature), so each time I go, I order this pasta called the TIMBALO which is a unique dish of lasagna noodles, fried eggplant zucchini and cheese.  It is really de-lish.
Also, the bread they give you when you sit down is worth the visit!I remember the old place from when I was younger, and it's been a huge improvement since! 
I love their pizzas and I've been here twice. The bread is absolutely delicious and I find myself eating more of it than I thought I could. It's got a lovely atmosphere--cute, authentic looking decor, Italian music that adds to the atmosphere and not to mention some great, quality food. 
The service is pretty good because I haven't really seen this place when it's been very crowded. Just thinking about this place makes me crave a pizza from here! 
Nice work.This place is really close to my house and I often come here when I don't feel like cooking. I came here recently and saw that they changed there menu but most of the things I love are still on there. The muscle with red sauce is so good. I love bread and there bread is amazing!Very mediocre Italian food. I ordered the eggplant rottilini - the eggplant itself with the ricotta and spinach was very good, but the sauce was flavorless and everything was little smothered in mozzarella cheese. I mean, I like my cheese as much as the next person, but this was ridiculous! My pasta-loving boyfriend ordered the bolognese rigatoni, and he had the same complaints about the sauce and cheese. He came into the restaurant starving, and couldn't even finish his plate because he disliked it so much. I doubt we'll ever be back. Even Italian food at a diner would've been better than this.The worst calamari I have ever had in my life, all salty, I love salty but when it is like all salt and you can't taste anything else it's bad , and when the waitress lets you know that that the way it is , and you ask to leave before your , entrée  have arrived, got to say not your kind of place, so I suggest you if this place is no good, but if you do show up do not bring the salt shaker with youOrdered dinner from here recently. I wasn't really a fan of my meal, but I was definitely very happy with the service. They labeled everything and made it all nice and neat and individually packaged so it was easy to distinguish what was what, which was GREATLY APPRECIATED.
As far as the food, I would say I probably wouldn't order it again. I got the spinaci insalata ..... spinach salad with chicken and bacon and a bacon dressing, candied walnuts, and more...
The combination of savory and sweet wasn't really appealing to me, but it normally isnt so I guess I wasn't surprised. I just really didn't like that dressing!I love this place!!! The bread before dinner was amazing! We had the Calamari Fritto for appetizer, for dinner I had the chicken Parm, my husband had the muscles, and my son had the kids Margharita pizza  and everything was great! We will definitely eat here more often.Great place for a family dinner or alone night w spouse. Wine is amazing, spaghetti and meatball dish is amazing along w their pizza.  Bathroom in a terrible location which is why I gave 3 stars.  You have to go down a flight of stairs, not good for elderly or handicapped ppl.I must be an idiot, I got my arm twisted into going, So I finally caved and tried to go with an open mind. To put it bluntly, the place might have gotten worse than before. The food is still salty and chemically tasting, The waitress is a white young blonde girl who was such a sweetheart.  Poor thing, you could do so much better than this place.   Portions are about a quarter of the if you were there before the menu change.
This is a darn shame what they did to this place.
Next time I hurt someone's feelings if they insis on going here again.  But I am confident the folks I went with won't come back.  It was so funny to hear the manager agree with my pal, Manager says the food is supposed to this way, My pal says so it supposed to taste awful, The manager says yes. That was the only redeeming thing about the event, finally some honestyHosted a family reception of 50 in their lower level.  Food, service, price, and setup was excellent.  The room was private, and provided enough room for kids to run around.  Nobody left disappointed.  Highly recommend!Changing your name does not automatically improve your food.  Why work insists on holding company lunches here is beyond me...  See my review for the Italian Bistro as this restaurant is not worth repeating myself.We ordered take out here while traveling and all in all it was good. My better half had the sausage with broccoli rabe and a salad with shrimp. I had grilled vegetables and a salad with shrimp also. The real test would have been to try their pizza and pasta but we wanted something light.Terrible. We used to go here for lunch a lot. Pizza, pasta, fresh bread. Cheap glasses of wine.. Just went here for dinner. We ordered the bread which didn't puff up as promised and was covered in Parmesan cheese. It was barely edible. While my husband still ate his soup, the waitress brought over our entrees. No timing for us to enjoy our courses. I had the shrimp scampi and he had the puntanesca. The shrimp was so over cooked it was rubbery.. The sauce on my scampi was nothing more then olive oil. Absolutely tasteless and swimming in oil. I couldn't eat it. My husbands pasta was visually appealing but eating it you got a mouth full of anchovy paste. Our waitress never even asked how our dinner was. She saw my plate sitting there in front of me untouched. Never even acknowledged, all she did was pack it up for us to go. 
Never again.We dined here tonight and were very happy. Our waitress (Xhejsa) was amazing. I ordered an off menu item and they happily obliged. Our drinks were never empty and we were treated very well from checkin to our departure. Gnocci is fantastic...I had it with vodka sauce and shrimps!! 
We really enjoyed ourselves!I was here a few days ago, I am a foodie and as such look for very unique dishes, but on this outing I was tired from Christmas shopping and to my surprise the level of service was to notch. The seafood manicotti was so flavorful along with fried calimari....this will become my go to spot a quick dinner, great jobThis review is based on the restaurant for a private party we had for my father in law's surprise 70th bday. Great spot downstairs for a private party. Totally separate from the restaurant, spacious but cozy, and access to restrooms right out the door. Since it was a party of 40, we had a limited menu, but the selections were nice and my tilapia was very good. They also provided great brick oven bread and an amazing salad. Definitely didn't skimp with a preset price. The dessert selections were great too, and although I didn't partake, they looked fab and I heard good things. The service was truly outstanding. Very accommodating and attentive. Gratuity was included in the bill and we were sure to supplement because they were that good. If you're thinking of having a private party here, I would definitely recommend it. I'd also like to go back and check out the regular menu too.Food is wonderful.. calamari were a big hit with the kids. Tagliere plate was a nice especially the fennel salami. Our main selections  were... branzino aqua pazza and cotolette with arugola salad which were both expertly prepared. Kim our server was excellent. Going on a web search for italian in the area we hit a homerun. Great job!!!!!My husband and I came here for dinner last week at the recommendation of a friend. He promised us that we wouldn't be disappointed, and we definitely weren't! 
Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu, which is great, seeing as we had never been there before. However, if you're new, be warned, because you'll get a long-winded explanation of the menu! 
I had the ribbon fettuccine with vodka sauce and the ricotta meatballs, and my husband had the ravioli with butter sage parmesan and baked mozzarella. Both dishes were fantastic. It was all extremely fresh and not prefabbed. The bread in the beginning was fun and tasty, and the caesar side salad was delicious. Husband got the lobster bisque and said it was delicious as well. 
For dessert, we tried the tiramisu, which was mighty tasty. 
We will definitely be back in the future, because Olive Garden is no longer a viable option. To those people who said that Via Napoli didn't have things on their menu that normal Italian restaurants have, there's a good reason for that. This place is not your normal Italian restaurant! Go back to Olive Garden if you want the norm. Try Via Napoli if you want something special!This is a gem in the northeast. Don't go downtown for fresh, delicious, above the ordinary Italian until you come here!
It was quiet because we came on a weeknight.  Check out the pictures. Plenty on the menu for you to find your meal.  House made bread like fluffy pizza dough, great! Recommended!I am very disappointed with Via Napoli lately. The mussels were not fresh at all (they had that dirty-diaper smell and taste), the eggplant parm was not as good as it used to be, and the waiter brought a wine that was not what my stepdad ordered. Ever since they made changes a year or two ago (you now have to pay extra for the bubble bread, they give you less food, they replaced the salmon with tilapia in the Scoglio), the meals have just not been as good. It's a shame because Via Napoli was great when they first opened (when they first switched from Italian Bistro to Via Napoli) and they were good for a couple of years, and then they really went downhill. I think they became complacent.Over priced pizzeria. Almost everything I ordered was made from Frozen. Pre ordered precooked fresh from a card board box. There fried mozzarella just frozen mozzarella sticks I could of got from a pizzeria for half the price. Same thing goes for there chicken Parmesan frozen pre breaded chicken.  And there sauce come strait from a jar. Service was nice food sucks.I was in the mood for fresh pasta, so my husband and I stopped by here. I wasn't disappointed. I ordered shrimp Alfredo and it was creamy and very flavorful. My husband ordered a chicken pizza and it was great, fresh out the oven. They also served a cheese flat bread before bringing our entrees which was amazing!!!! I recommend this place to anyone who wants fresh pasta and oven brick pizza.One of the best Italian restaurant that I have found in the northeast.  Every meal I have has there has been fantastic and I have been there about 7 times now.  Great food, great service and the prices are reasonable. Do yourself a favor and skip Olive Garden and go here instead!The atmosphere and service here made a great impression as soon as we walked in the door. Then it just got better. The oven bread was delicious. So flavorful! I came here with my family and everyone enjoyed their entrees. I highly recommend the Italia pizza. But the dessert was the best finale. The tiramisu was perfect.Their menu is a newspaper. I thought it was cute and different. They don't try to complete with the likes of Olive Garden but if you're looking for a more authentic Italian meal, I'd pick Via Napoli over Olive Garden.
Air filled bread with Parmesan cheese and oil.
They had our favorite appetizers so we got them both:
Fried Calamari
Salumeria which consists of:
Prosciutto artisan dry aged ham      
Coppa campania gourmet salami      
Sopressata dry aged spicy salami      
Mortadella italian seasoned ham with pistaccio accents      
Speck juniper berry smoked prosciutto
I had the Cannelloni and Steve had the Saltimbocca (descriptions below). Steve's dinner was much better than mine. Not that mine was bad by any means. I was in a "try something new" type of mood and that hardly ever works out for me. I don't even like Ricotta cheese so I don't know what I was thinking, haha. Still, it was good enough for me to eat. We left happy.
*Cannelloni baked rolled pasta with shrimp, veal, chicken, ricotta, tomato cream, Parmesan crust
*Saltimbocca Napoli prosciutto, sage, mozzarella white wine saucewe came here after my college graduation with a party of 8 people and it did not disappoint! Our servers were very nice and accommodating and the entree sizes were huge, I had 3 dinners out of it! Finding the bathroom was a bit confusing, its downstairs and theres a fountain it does not look like another level. I live literally 3 minutes away from here and will return again!This is a gem of a restaurant that offers authentic Italian fare much much better than your 'olive garden' variety. Tucked in a strip mall-this place offers excellent service and yes-the food is most definitely wonderful. We had a the Fritto Calamari which was among the best I've had to date. 
For the entree-I had the Grandma's House special which was cooked to perfection with a huge portion provided. I think one plate is good for 2 people. The spicy sausage, meatball and escarole in tomato sauce is Grandmom certified. 
To top it off-the 'heavenly' tiramisu is just that..your palette is just asking for a party. In a word-Excellent. 
I'm not Italian but this beat my expectations of Italian cuisine. Is the menu a true representation of Italy-no. Its an excellent attempt to retain that oh-so-simple love of food that clears your mind and perhaps your sinuses. 
Count me a fan.Was a great restaurant but came out with a new menu and no more baked pizza dough bread and no more chicken pollo. Very disappointed with new menu for the chicken pollo was season so well with the best roasted potatoes ever and now is off the menuLike the review below, my boyfriend and I have been coming to this place for years and just went back tonight for a disappointing dinner. We kept coming back for their amazing brick oven bread with parmesan and olive oil they used to serve complimentary-- but they replaced this with a cold three slices of stale sourdough bread served with dinner and frozen butter instead. It also seemed like our waitress was uncomfortably pushing extras or add-ons like sausage or soup/salad, which aren't included in the meal, when we were ordering.
The portion of gnocchi I got was much smaller than it used to be (almost half the size!). The arrabbiata sauce wasn't even listed on the menu anymore, and when the dish came out, my gnocchi were dense and the sauce was overwhelmingly oily and not spicy at all. 
When we looked online, we saw the old menu was still posted, and they had RAISED THE PRICES for many items-- my gnocchi used to be $10.95 but is now $13.50 for half the portion. The pizza my boyfriend got was also no longer made with fresh mozzarella. While the service is okay, they've definitely lost our return business. It's very apparent that they're trying to cut costs or save money, but in the process will probably lose loyal customers. There's just nothing special about this place anymore. It's just another no-personality Italian restaurant in a strip mall.Decent Italian food in northeast Philly? Is it possible? Well it is now that Via Napoli is in town! For those that remember the spot Before the current ownership, I suggest you go back. The service, menu and quality of food is much better now. 
As other reviewers mentioned, their breads fun and tasty. I really enjoyed poking it and watching the steam escape.  Bruschetta was good, calamari just ok.  Sangria was delicious.
Judging by the menu and decor, items including lemons are their specialty. I got lemon tilapia and was very happy with it. Their red sauce was surprisingly delicious.
The only thing that bugged me was their menu.  It is printed like a newspaper and for whatever reason resulted in complete sensory overload for me.  Keep it simple my friends!I've been here a few times before the name change and now several times after.  It just got much better.
I've seen some people get up and leave due to poor slow service, but I've never had that problem with my family.  
The food it top notch and that brick pizza oven is awesome!  Our pizza was nice and crispy and oh so good.  There are plently of choices in all areas - fish, meat, pasta, and even a kid's menu.  They have a tiny bar section, too.
The giant bread puff you get is always a crowd pleaser.My family has a wonderful time every time we come here. The food is fantastic for the price and you get a good portion. The service is spectacular and usually on point. Everything is fresh and the focaccia bread is simply delicious. Definitely a favorite. A little place that's never too crowded, and always just perfect. Don't go to the Olive Garden, come here instead.About the food:  My boyfriend and I recently came back from a 3-week trip to Italy, and we were disappointed to find that Via Napoli does not serve authentic Italian food (like it advertises).  Their pasta is not al dente, and it's overloaded with sauce and grease -- this is an American way of eating Italian food.  The food is still good, but when you soak food in grease and oil, how is it NOT good?  Via Napoli has nice ambience and tasty food, but don't expect authentic Italian.I've been here as few times. The only thing I enjoyed (sadly) was the warm bread while waiting for our food!I really like this place. The food is great and I like the atmosphere. My husband and I like to come here to have a relaxing meal and we often bring our out-of-town guests here.The place was ok. The menu is made out of a single piece of thin Paper and yes they actually take it back to reuse. The waitress is cute and helpful. The Pizza I ordered was light and airy . The prices were ok as well. 
For some reason I didn't feel comfortable when I was in there. I Can't explain it but I had a weird vibe in there. Maybe it was because my 6 year old nephew begged me to ask for ranch dressing for his chicken strips So I did and and like I expected they said no but right after I asked I saw the waitress and floor hostess talking together and laughing about it. Granted was funny for me to ask that in a Italian place but I wanted my Nephew to stop bugging me and eat so I can eat and if that means I have to ask for some ranch dressing so be it. I guess they should of at  least cracked up about it after me and my Family left the place jeez. 
 Bottom Line Food is good . Atmosphere is great for a date. If you have a family and have little children do not go here because you will feel out of place and this is not a place that is suitable for kids. The bar is small and activated my claustrophobia as soon as I saw it plus it feels like if you sat at the bar your also sitting in the laps of the customers who order food and dine in. . Staff has room for slight improvement with customer relations . 
Hope this helped.For an Italian place on the Boulevard, this place was pretty darn impressive. It's really beautiful when you walk in--I was actually pretty taken aback by it. 
The bread is dusted with delicious parmesan. It's light and airy, basically hollow inside. It seems like its cooked in a woodburning stove because it was lightly burnt in some places, which was a good thing!
The appetizers were large and delicious. My brother had the Mozzarella, tomato, and prosciutto, and I had the tomato and basil bruschetta. Both were wonderful. 
The entrees were good. My brother made his own pasta, I had the Baccala. The cod was a bit too salty for my tastes, but the clams and mussels were right on. The sauce had the perfect amount of spice to it, not so much that I had to slow down and keep going back to the lemonade, but not so little that I couldn't even taste it. 
For desert we had the apple...crumble or something. It was great, you could really taste the apples, something that these dishes often ruin with too much sugar and caramel. A nice cup of espresso to cap it all off made the lunch hour turn into the two lunch hours. Can't wait to go back!Absolutely love this place. food is delicious. Staff is courteous & friendly. Wood fired brick oven pizza great as an appetizer. Enough for 3 of us. My favorite item is the steak marsala with mushrooms. It melts in your mouth. I've tried other items too but that is the best. Coming from family where my grandparents and parents came from Italy & I am a picky eater. Don't waste your money or anyone else's money going anywhere else. Trust me. You will like it. Meatballs are delightful.I've been here several times before and they have always been good. Not amazing but decent...that was until our most recent visit last night. First off, the service is really fantastic. Everyone is super friendly and courteous so I really can't complain. But as for the food, I was really disappointed. 
Their menu seems to have been updated recently and the selection is much smaller. They used to serve fresh pizza dough cooked from their fire/coal oven as the "bread basket" but last night they only gave us a basket of sliced bread. We ordered a calamari appetizer and the portion was definitely smaller than before. Luckily, the calamari was still pretty good.  As for the main courses, our table ordered the gnocchi, lasagna, braciole, and shrimp scampi. The braciole was lukewarm at best, and the meat sauce was bland. The gnocchi was OK with butter sage cream sauce, but the lasagna and shrimp scampi were both bland and unexciting.  I'm not sure if they have changed owners or kitchen staff with the new menu, but I was really unimpressed with the food. I don't think I can go back for a while if at all.Knew this place as the Italian Bistro, and liked it well enough back then.   When I heard that the Bistro had been closed, I was upset, but decided it was worth checking out the new restaurant.  It was strange walking into Via Napoli.  There were a lot of elements which were the same from the Italian Bistro, but there was a lot of new interesting decor which really spiced it up.  
First off, I'm excited to say that there's pizza again!  I remember years ago the Italian Bistro had pizza, and I got really excited when I saw the brick oven lit up.  We had Pizza as an appetizer (just a plain tomato/cheese) and it was great.  It was super crispy and having pizza with fresh mozzarella makes all the difference.  
The other appetizer we tried, was the arancini.  Let me say this: my aunt was from naples and made EPIC arancini.  The taste is ingrained in my tongue like an echo of taste.  These arancini were awesome.  I won't say that they were the same as my aunt's (my aunt's arancini were ginormous), but the flavor was amazing.  These arancini were larger than some other places I've had them, but not as large as my aunt's.  
For my entree, I had the tilapia (which, bonus, came with an arancini).  The presentation was really nice and the flavor was really good as well.  My friends all ordered pasta dishes which also looked really good.  There's one particular wide pasta that I plan on trying next time I go.  I can't remember what they called it.  
Service was above average.  My sodas were constantly refilled. 
The pita bread was really good, but if I had a pasta dish with tomato sauce, I think I would have wanted regular bread for dunking.  
The menu, as someone pointed out, is in a newspaper format.  It's a novel idea, and I didn't have much trouble with it, once I got used to it.  
We had sangria for the table and it was great.
Prices, in general, were very affordable.  It should also be noted that unlike the Italian Bistro, there is no soup/salad included.  (most newer restaurants seem to be following this trend)
as a side note, someone mentioned that the bar is small.  it is.  I think I counted about 4 seats at the actual bar, and maybe 2-3 tables surrounding it.  If you're looking for a bar environment, I'd recommend Chickie and Peets down the street.  Make sure to get the fries.Attended a private function at Via Napoli and the staff was nice and attentive, the food was delicious and proportions fairly large, and the prices were quite reasonable. I personally had the brick oven pizza and it was one of the best pizzas I've had in quite some time. Another intriguing note is that I ordered an alcoholic beverage and had it refilled several times yet was only charged for a single drink (the only restaurant I believe I ever attended to do this for alcohol). I highly recommend this restaurant and will likely go here again.Sorry bad reviewers, I love it here. Every visit the food has been fresh and delicious ( my personal favorite is the create your own pasta, ziti with vodka sauce and lump crab is phenomenal) the wait staff is always attentive and friendly. Bread is awesome and the wine is really inexpensive. I really don't have a bad thing to say about it. If you are heading down the Blvd and have a pasta or parm craving, head here! NOT the Olive Garden, us "real" Italians find that place offensive ;)We went to Via Napoli for my daughter's birthday last week and it was DELICIOUS!  There were 8 in our party and every one of us truly enjoyed our entrees as well as the variety of appetizers we ordered for the table.  The hot puff of pizza dough bread they brought out was devoured immediately with oohs and aahs from all!  
The staff was friendly and efficient, though we did wait a seemingly long time for our desserts to arrive.  That being said...I can't say enough good things about our sweet server Natalia! She was pleasant, helpful, friendly and put up with all my teasing!
I will be going back to Via Napoli very soon for another delightful dining experience.I'm a big fan of Italian restaurants that aren't afraid to spice up their menu. They have all the traditional Italian favorites but also a variety of other choices. Pizza was great. Caesar salad was on point. Staff was extremely friendly and service was great.We decided to check this place out tonight since we were in the neighborhood. Via Napoli is a refreshing addition to an area that is void of creative but simple Italian food. (that isn't over sauced, over salted or over cheesed). 
I like the pictures on the wall of the people riding the scooters.  (fun but not too cheeky).   Our hostess was very friendly. Our server (Mike) was professional & personable. He gave us the right mix of attention and space. Our water glasses were continually refreshed and the plates were cleared in a timely manner. 
They have over 20 wines by the glass (from the Naples' Campania region), most were below $7.00. They have a small beer selection. They also have some tasty specialty drinks (Prosecco Bellini, Sorrento Ice Tea, etc.). 
They give you a complimentary 'loaf' of bread that is light/airy, very good. For an app we ordered the (5) piece Salumeria & (5) piece Formaggi, we enjoyed that.
I had the 'Grandma's House' specialty (a generous portion of sweet sausage, spicy sausage, huge meatball, escarole in tomato sauce over ribbon fettuccine). Each ingredient tasted fresh. Kate had the 'Timnallo'  lasagna (pasta tubes, mozzarella, ricotta, eggplant, zucchini & tomato baked in an herb parmesan crust), she enjoyed it.
We finished our meal off with the 'Pastiera'  neapolitan Cheese Cake (made with ricottta cheese & grain), it was excellent !! Just the right mix mix of sweet with a little tart.
We enjoyed this place and are looking froward to returning to try some of the other dishes. A solid 3.5 stars.Disppointing. I was hoping for better.
Ordered salmon with string beans and roasted potatoes. The string beans were the best thing on the plate. I could tell the salmon was frozen when they cooked it. It just had that texture. Over priced for what I had gotten. Bathroom was absolutely gross. Im sorry but I will not return.First off, I will start by giving the owner a wonderful tidbit of advice. Just close now, it will save you alot of money instead of trying to fix everything that is broken.
My fiancee and I went here for a date night. We were big fans of the Italian Bistro that used to be in this location so we figured we would give it a go. We arrived rather every just before 6pm and the place had a few tables full, but not close to capacity. The place has changed slightly from the previous owner. We were seated in the front room closest to the street. In that room were 3 very large pictures that left us feeling very uncomfortable in the room. We felt like we were being watched the whole time by these wierd overly happy people outside while we were in a dark restaurant. We were seated in booths that were the same from Italian Bistro, no upgrades here.
Shortly after being seated we were greeted by our waiter. I ordered a drink and water while my fiancee went for just water. We were given these newspapers that were meant to be menus, but they were too flimsy and the layout was just confusing. A good 5 minutes later the waiter came back with water (I guess he went next door for it) and took our order. Later, when we returned with my drink I questioned if there was any alcohol in it since I couldn't taste any and at 6.95 there better be some in there!!
After waiting a good 10 minutes and lots of jokes about the large picture of a man holding bread and waiting for our bread, the bread arrived. I was told it was like a "souffle". Basically it's like a pita puffed with hot air covered with garlic, oil, and Parmesan. It was ok, but entirely too difficult to cut due to the consistency and it was really hot. But all in all, the best part of the meal (and thats not saying much since neither of us really enjoyed it).
Before we even really even figured out how to effectively eat the bread our meals arrived. Timing was definately off on the food coming out. I ordered the butter sage parmesan ribbon fettuccine with shrimp and baked mozzerella. I even got to put that combo together off of their make your own pasta. Sounds good right? Only if you like salt and ALOT of it. Now, I am not one to send food back and i've eaten some really bad food in my days. However, this took the cake. It was completely inedible. I tried to at least enjoy the shrimp, but even they didn't taste right and weren't even cleaned. For the first time in my life I actually could not eat a meal. The manager came and took it off the bill (they didnt even get that right, they left a charge on it for the mozz but at that point we just wanted to leave) for us, which was nice, but I don't think he fully understood that the food was horrible. 
With horrible service (took us over 10 minutes to get a glass of water, I was about to hold my hand up like back in class), horribly seasoned food, and an atmosphere that just doesn't work we will not be going back here. I hope you spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere.Came here for a quick lunch with my parents today. Our server was really great, friendly and informative.  She knew her wines, and helped me pick a nice red wine that I have never tried before.   I ordered the veal with wild mushrooms... it was juicy, flavorful and delicious. My mom ordered crab cakes and they were fried, and not the best . My dad had some kind of sea food pasta and it was good.   I would of liked this spot more it more if it was a byob.  For northeast Philly location, it can really get pricy.  If im in the area, I would definitely come by here again.Great new menu! the service and food was great as always. Great place to meet for business or pleasure.Used to be Italian bistro. Compared to bistro thier pretty good. I usually get takeout but I like it.