Definitely my new go to spot for sports and beer! They did a fantastic job designing the interior and the staff is very kind and knowledgeable about their menu. Plenty of seating, extensive drink menu, great food options, and accommodating for larger groups. Can't wait to come back this weekend.Wow we were at this location on their 2nd or 3rd day and it was wild inside. The beer is very good, I have had better at brew places but I have had worse for sure and overall very good IPA's which is 75% of their menu. The menu is pretty small but it was great.  We started with the warm pretzel so the low carb diet today is OUT the door as I was drinking a heavy IPA with that warm pretzel but I think it was worth it.  The fried chicken sandwich was most excellent really delicious. 
Overall solid place very good.  Okay so I am the first 4 star, 4.5 really I liked the beer but it wasn't the best I have had but it was darn good.Honestly one of the best fried chicken sandwiches I've had! Fairly affordable too; the beer flight is about $14 for a flight of 5. Great spot for lunch!Was so excited to check out the taproom early! Visited on Friday night and I know this location is going to do amazing. The building alone is gorgeous and offers patio seating, indoor and also a rooftop with taps! Be sure to pick up some merch and cans on the way out. 
I stuck to my favorite which is Sour Monkey (can't go wrong with 9% alcohol) and I also tried the Ichabod Crane.  It was a little too sweet for me, but good nonetheless. The menu has a lot of options for drinks and of course you can always just try a flight! They also serve wine and other sister brands. 
For food we ended up getting some apps. The Pretzel was perfect "bar food". Brisket Meatballs came as three and needed a little more spice in my opinion. The flash fried cauliflower was exactly as it sounds and had a nice crunch! I really wanted to try the monkey bread for dessert, but they were all out. We ended up with the cannolis and they were really tasty! Food menu has options for anyone's diet. 
Lastly, I need to mention our server! Faith was awesome and a total gem. She checked up on us and was very enthusiastic about working there! All in all, I could spend a good couple hours here and will definitely be back! Be sure to check it out!!SHOUTOUT FAITH BEST SERVER. GO BIRDS BABY! Also I don't really like beer but the golden monkey was really goodA large group of friends and I attended the opening night event. We were very pleasantly surprised to see how much space there was available. We ended up sitting upstairs and managed to find room for about 20 people. The staff members were all incredibly friendly and accommodating. The beer selection was great as expected. The burger was honestly one of the best I've had in a while. I will definitely be coming back.I'm thrilled to see one of Chester County's most prized possessions finally expand into Philly.  This place is a HUGE improvement over what was here previously, and I couldn't be happier to see it doing well.  On most days, it's a very lively and loud atmosphere, which is in no way a bad thing...just know what to expect.  The staff are very friendly and outgoing, even when they're hecticly busy. The beer selection is easily among the best in the city, and the food is diverse, delicious and fairly-priced, which is generally on-par with what you'd expect from Victory.  Thanks to places like Dock Street and Yards, Philadelphia is lucky to have become a brewery-rich city, and Victory will earn its place among the top for many years to come.Victory is a very interesting experience. I've been to the other location out in the suburbs and had an amazing time. The quality of food and beverage is the same from both locations however the service in the center city location is not great. Every time I've been here, there has been some sort of issue with our order or it takes an extremely long time to be served. Overall I would recommend this place for the finance bro's after work or to those with extremely high patience but the food and drinks are very good!The brews here are amazing and the atmosphere is absolutely superlative. Our table had an amazing server named Faith and she was very attentive to what we needed and brought a very positive attitude to the festivities. 6 stars, if possible, for the food, drinks, and experience.So stopped in to try since it is a new place! Started with drinks which were perfect! Ordered the pretzel as app very good mustard & cheese sauce were perfect for it. Also ordered the wings. Wings needed to be cooked a little longer and sauce was a little buttery. Smoked chicken pot pie was amazing and good portion! Service was excellent including Kelley sorry I forget everyone else's names but they were all very professional and quick with anything you needed! Will definitely be returning to try more item on the menu!Kimmy is by far the best bartender I've had among all of the restaurants in Philadelphia I've tried in my 3 years in the city. I would choose this bar simply because she is the bartender here. She never overlooks you when you when you're needing a refill or wanting to put in another order; she never seemed rushed and always had the time for you. If you didn't gather this from above, excellent service.We ate the bar and Kimi and Mac were amazing bartenders. We ordered the chicken nachos, fried cauliflower, fried chicken sandwich, and the steak frites. The food was also phenomenal. Will be back again and so excited this place is in the neighborhood!To keep this review short, the drinks were good (I had the rittenhouse drink) the environment was good but the food was just okay. I had the kale pesto pasta it was like someone poured a cup of salt in it. I had it switched out with the chicken pot pie which was mediocre.Food, beers, and atmosphere were great! Looking forward to throwing an event here for our company. Definitely will be back soon to get the flash fried cauliflower app!Welcome to Victory TaproomToday is their opening day!! This two story taproom is in one of the best locations in the city! Beautiful rooftop and patio views. There a bar or two on each floor. The menu has many amazing selections to choose from, The chef definitely put his heart into it. Many of the sauces have the beer in it!! The beer of course is amazing! The staff is helpful and nice. This will definitely become a Philly jawn! Follow me @sebbybellyThis place recently opened and we are so excited that it has. There is a ton of seating, along with a patio which will be great when it gets warmer. There's also lots of TVs to watch games on. The variety of beers is also extensive. I got a flight. The food is also delicious. Would recommend the burger.Great location, great food, and obviously great beer. When you go here check out the beers that are only brewed in Philly!Victory Brewing Philly is a great establishment. You can tell everyone here works hard. Great management, cool bartenders, great brewmaster, etc. Great selection of draft beers at the bar too. One worker here that made my experience especially good was a bar back by the name of Drew German. This guy was hauling heavy bar materials around and making life on the bartenders and customers much easier. He was also very friendly to me and other customers around me and made the vibe of the establishment much better. I will definitely be a recurring customer here and you should too. Make sure you say what's up to Drew when you go.If you like beer (especially hoppy and IPA style beer) you will want to stay here forever. However, it can get pretty crowded and have long waits to get a table (no reservations or remote waitlist) and can be difficult to order if the bar has every seat taken. The staff is really great and attentive and the food is good too. Above average food for a brewery. 
 On Fridays, crowlers (32 oz) and growlers (64 oz) are HALF OFF, $5 and $10. It's the best deal in town on the best beer in town.  
I personally prefer to get takeaway on Fridays when it's on sale, but it's a fine place to hang out at and have a beer. The beers are $7/pint which is reasonable.Wow! What an improvement to this location! So happy to have great food and beer so close to the Parkway Museum District! 
My husband and I stopped for a quick dinner and drinks on my 30th birthday before going to see Hamilton at the Academy of Music (excellent, btw). There was an hour wait for a table, but the hostess stated that all 3 bars are first come, first serve and full service. Luckily, we were able to snag two seats at the rooftop bar, which offers great views of the Parkway. I'm sure this is going to be THE place to watch races, parades, and other big events along the Parkway. 
The bartender was absolutely on her game and was quickly serving a very bar and filling table orders. The service was excellent despite the post-work crowds and we quickly got drinks (Mad King for me and Sour Monkey for him) and menus. The scratch kitchen menu offers some classic bar foods, and Philly favorites like cheesesteaks and soft pretzels, which is exactly what we ordered.
The cheesesteak is solid- serving up a good amount of quality meat on a great Merzbacher's roll. The fries are fresh cut and beautifully golden brown. The soft pretzel was massive, warm, and delicious. The beer cheese sauce was awesome and I could eat it on everything. The only downside was it was a bit chilly outside and quickly congealed, but was still so good. 
We didn't get a chance to try dessert because we had to get to the show, but I look forward to trying the bread pudding with bourbon cream sauce. On the way out, my husband spotted some nicer growlers and can't wait to walk across the street after work to bring one home to his growing collection.I've been a Victory fan for many years, thought I'd visit the new Philly location. Hit on all cylinders - always excellent beer, food was very good - roast pork sandwich, not Dinic's but solid - and fantastic, friendly service. Kudos to second floor bartender (sorry I didn't catch her name) and server Nillie who was also super helpful. Management clearly makes the customer the priority and is hiring the best people. Will be back!1st time here & it was hoppin on a Tuesday night. Fun atmosphere on the rooftop & an awesome server named Kevin who made sure we were happy and comfortable all night. Highly recommend - lots of funI was very, very surprised that Victory went so far to not only create a good atmosphere to drink beer (knew that would be the case with the space and outdoor patios) but to also tie in a strong restaurant option. We ordered the steak frites and the pot pie. Both were far beyond what they needed to be to have a good experience here. Aside from a drinking spot, I would come here for lunch or dinner again without hesitationThis place got popular and busy fast! The ambiance is nice and the food is good but it's just so loud inside. It's always packed too but overall great spot and will definitely go backThis is a great addition to the existing Victory locations in the area. Dan and Fox took care of us - fantastic beer recommendations and they guided us through the food menu as well. So many good options. Everything was delicious. Will be back often.A fun addition to the neighborhood and I hope it gets better over time. Obviously there's a great selection of beers, the food was just kind of nasty, particularly the nachos. For now this place is a good place for happy hour then go somewhere else for dinner. I do like the location on the Parkway and the place is spacious, but LOUD! Service was also slooow. I know they just opened so I have high hopes!Came here on a Tuesday around 4:30. It got PACKED by 5:30, which given the location, isn't surprising at all. It's the perfect spot for a happy hour after work. 
Beer menu was fantastic and also offered wine/spirits for any of the non-beer drinkers. The food was definitely better than expected. You never know what to expect with brewery food but they crushed it. The fries were awesome, great cheesesteak which was up to par with the "favorites" of philly, and the butternut squash dip was addicting. I can't wait to come back here, especially during the summer months, and try out more!Wow! My wife and I were completely amazed by this place. We were in Philadelphia for the weekend visiting family and stopped by for a couple of beers. Great selection (of course) and the pretzel  was equally delicious. 
The location is really convenient and service is spot on. Thank you Donnie!This is a very active brew pub. They seemed to be busy the few times that we stopped in. Customers had to wait for tables. We did not stay the day the wait was over 1 hour. Our food and drink were enjoyable when we were able to get a table without an excessive wait. They have a large selection of beer to choose. Nearly all are Victory products. They have a few other selections from partner breweries. They offer flights of 5 beers. Customers can choose any of the available selections to compose the flight. For food. we had the butternut squash dip for a starter. It came with pita bread trianges. I was very good. For entrees we had the smoked chicken cobb salad and steak frites. The steak and the fries were both good. The salad was also good and included a generous amount of chicken. Pamela J was our server. She did a great job. There seemed to be a delay in getting drinks from the bar. Otherwise, the service was great.My experience at victory is always amazing. Delicious food and beer. Faith is the best waitress and makes going here super fun. Highly recommend asking to be seating in her section if you can!!I went with a group of friends for the opening night and I can say the experience was very enjoyable. The selection of beers is great and food was just as great. I ordered the buttermilk chicken sandwich, which comes with a chipotle aioli (I believe) and I couldn't have been more impressed. I tend to test chicken sandwiches at most restaurants because that is my deciding factor of whether I will be going back, and I definitely will be back. The wait staff was very accommodating as we arrived in a bigger party and were pretty attentive as well. I definitely suggest checking out victory for Happy Hour, and even just a night out with friends!They were still figuring out all the intricacies... But we're fully up and operational... With literally zero hiccups! Two days in... Faith was our server - amazing food and amazing service!! Will go back ASAP!!My colleague and I decided to try the newly opened place for our Christmas Luncheon on a Friday afternoon. Real quick, from M-F you can rsvp but on Fri-Sun it's first come first served. The vibe was good, a lot of people were there at 2pm so that's a good sign. I ordered Victory Burger that comes with fries and a side of fried calamari. The burger was juicy and the calamari could have a little more flavor. I tried the smoked chicken tacos and it was delish, they were also generous with the portion. Also, plenty, plenty of drinks to choose from so i am happy. Dont forget their happy hour from M-F 4-6pm.Came for their grand opening.  Beautiful spot with dope artwork.  Sat at the bar and had the steak and fries with a salad and it was cooked perfectly.  The fries were outstanding, crispy on the outside but like a baked potato consistency on the inside.  My bartenders, Kelly and Brittany, were great and friendly.  They pushed me to try their house brewed flight that samples the five brews that they only serve on location.  The "Strong Lager" was the best I have ever had.  Also was served my favorite - "Brotherly Love" Hazy IPA - and it was good as ever with a perfect pour.  What can I say, chilled with a good friend and time flew enjoying great craft beer.  Stoked to have them on Ben Franklin PKWY.Visited Victory a few days after their grand opening. This place is unreal! Hard to believe it used to be a questionable TGI Fridays. The space is open and welcoming. The bar is huge. And the food and drinks are amazing. Also, the service was outstanding besides only being open a few days (shoutout to Pamela!). We live just around the corner and will be back again and again. Welcome to the neighborhood!A few coworkers alerted me of the Victory Brewing taproom opening in Philadelphia, and luckily, they had snagged reservations for us before their official opening! We stopped by on a Friday night around 5:30 and were seated on their rooftop. The first thing that struck me about the taproom was the space - the place is massive!! There is so much indoor and outdoor seating, spanning 2 floors + the rooftop. This place will be packed in prime time! I just hope they have some heaters to bring out to the roof to keep it a viable space during the winter months. Our server was excellent; he made the experience even better. He was super welcoming and willing to share his beer and food recs. We had a good time just chatting and joking with him! He didn't rush us at all during our time at Victory, which was nice - we were able to take our time eating, drinking, and chatting, which isn't all the common in COVID times!
Of course, the drinks...Victory is clearly known for their beers, so to take advantage of their offerings, I went for a flight. I got to select 5 beers from not only the Victory beer list, but also their sister company offerings. I'm not a huge IPA fan, so I mostly steered away from them, but I did include one in my flight since I felt like IPAs are Victory's focus. I tried out the Cloud Walker, which was a mild IPA and had a nice citrus feel. I do enjoy sours, so I got both the Tart and the Sour Monkey, which were very nice! The Tart Monkey is the "lite" version of the Sour and a little bit more easy drinking; the Sour was quite hefty and definitely hit a bit harder! For my last of the Victory beers, I went for a stout, the Storm King, which was smooth but a little heavy. I probably should have saved this for my last beer that I drank! Unfortunately, my favorite beer of the night wasn't a Victory brew, but Southern Tier. The Pumpking was so seasonal and tasted like pumpkin pie in a glass. Perfect for fall! The flight was just enough for me, and allowed me to try a variety, which I appreciate. Would recommend a flight to any indecisive person visiting! 
For food, we were shocked to learn that all the food was on the house for the soft opening - a huge surprise! We started off with the pretzel with the pils cheese, brisket meatballs, and butternut squash cheese dip. The cheese dip was by far the standout - a subtle yet excellent squash flavor and overall so creamy! The pretzel was a close second, as the beer-forward cheese made the difference. For my main, I went for the cheesesteak; I was convinced when our server, from South Philly, said it was one of his favorite! It didn't disappoint - it was chockfull of meet and nicely seasoned with onions and the right amount of cheese, all encased in a substantial roll. I wound up only eating half of it after I filled up on apps! I got my choice of side, and I opted for the salad to make myself feel better, haha - pretty basic, but a nice compliment to the sandwich. My friends got a variety of entrees, but we all enjoyed our respective dishes! 
Overall, Victory Brewing is a great addition to the Philadelphia beer and happy hour scene! We had a great time as a post-work happy hour; from the drinks to the food to the space, it was a really enjoyable experience. Plus the deals for the soft opening were incredible - thanks so much, Victory! I really look forward to visiting again with friends - this will be a great place to bring out-of-towners! Hope to see you soon, Victory!Came here last Thusrday night for dinner and had a pretty good time overall! A nice addition to the Philly phood scene. 
Its super busy right now because of lots of private parties (per the front desk people). No reservations were available and we had to wait for about 50min for our table. Once we got our table the first thing you notice is that the place is crazy loud. Think so loud you can't hear the people across the table from you or the server. I guess its because how the place is built about beacuse of the crowds but if you're going to a vaguely quiet night and want to talk to the other people at your table without loosing your voice, don't go during any busy times. 
Extensive beer menu (bigger than the food menu) with lots of victory options and options from near by "sister" brewing companies. Can't complain about that at all! Food menu was good. A surprising number of Indian inspired dishes. We had the butternut squash cheese dip. Very random sounding but fantastic! A bit on the greasy side but it came with warm pita bread and was nice and creamy. Shared the chicken pot pie and the pesto pasta with my partner. Chicken pot pie was fantastic. Nice and flaky crust and presented in a pretty cool way. Chicken & vegetables on the inside were nicely cooked, not too heavy, and very flavorful. Exactly what you need on a cold night in Philly. The pesto pasta was also great. Pasta cooked well and overall very flavorful. My other friend had the chickpea wrap which was the only thing we were a bit dissapointed by. Just a bit lacking on flavor. Think generic kati roll. Although it cam ewith some delicious fries. 
Servers were super nice and service was quick. Prices were very reasonable especially given the quality of things like the pot pie. Honestly other than how loud it was, it was a great experience.Amazing food and beer! Butternut squash dip and shrimp fritter are must haves! Bold Rock hard cider was crisp and refreshing!!Stopped into Victory after a company meeting on a Tuesday afternoon. A handful of folks at the bar. We had a few drinks and 2 appetizers. Overall it was an awesome experience. We chatted with a lot of people working, and some of the  customers at the bar. Katie was great and knowledgeable about food, the beer and the history of the new location. She was kind when I asked her to downsize my beer to a glass that it is not typically used! Thanks Katie!! We will be back for sure and potentially have a corporate event there.With their 4th location, Victory Brewing has knocked it out of the park yet again! 
Great location, incredible space, excellent staff, wonderful food, and of course, amazing brews! 
It's about time they made it in to center city.
Definitely check this place out!was so happy to hear Victory was coming to the Parkway and it did not disappoint. Great space thoughtfully designed, with plenty of beer on tap. Food was decent.Staff was friendly and efficient. Food was great. Would recommend . Welcome to the Logan square neighborhood.Came here last monday afternoon at 2pm and the place was packed. I love seeing a new spot around town kick off to a hot start. We didn't have any trouble finding 2 seats at the bar downstairs right when we walked in.
Atmosphere: 5 stars - The bar was super clean, and the huge windows towards the front of the restaurant flood the whole inside area with natural light. It's cool how there are different places to sit too, bar seating, pub tables, regular 4 tops and also 4 seat square tables close to the windows. I can't wait for it to get a little warmer out to check out the 2nd story patio!
Food/Drink: 5 stars - Victory beers are always good, I especially enjoyed the philly section with the beers that are brewed on site. What made this section 5 stars was the smoked chicken Nachos. I'll be back soon for these again.
Service: 5 stars - Even though the restaurant was packed, the bartenders did a great job answering questions and taking the time to talk with us. We didn't feel rushed at all and had a great afternoon.
Enjoy!Wife and I live in the neighborhood and this was our first-time visit.  We had the best server in FAITH!  Faith made our lunch better.  We did Beyond Burger and a Regular Burger both with fries and I had a Cranberry Cider.  The Cider was on Faith's recommendation and it was good, dry, crisp and not sweet.  But the fun of the lunch was interaction with the delightful and charming Faith.  I will always ask for Faith when I go to Victory.Came to victory for their opening weekend. Excellent location, and awesome vibe!
We sat at the upstairs bar, and customer service was impeccable. Our food was taking a while, and the staff went above and beyond to make it right when we didn't get our food in a timely manner. 
We ordered the soft pretzel (amazing), butternut squash cheese dip (fantastic, and PLENTY if ordering for a group) and a fried chicken sandwich that was to die for. 
TVs had college football on all day, and playlist throughout the space was great too. This is going to be a Philly staple for years to come - definitely check it out!Servers didn't wear masks and kept pulling them down to get close and talk to us. Very uncomfortable. Food didn't wow me and they didn't have ingredients to make any of the cocktails. I know it's a beer place but everyone should be considered.After leaving my two-star review, I was invited back to give Victory a second chance. This was a very kind gesture, and I could tell that the staff wanted to ensure we had a positive experience which was definitely an upgrade compared to the service we received on our last visit. But sadly, I was shown that Victory is still a bit disorganized and needs some time to work things out.
We stopped by on Monday at 6:30 PM and the place was packed. We sat on the first floor this time, which was very loud. Our server Sellus was friendly, attentive, and absolutely the highlight of our visit. He made us feel very welcome, and we had great conversations with him. We ordered two appetizers, the house pretzel and the loaded fries. Both were very good! They also sent out a special chip appetizer and an order of meatballs on the house. For our meals, I had the Victory Burger and my boyfriend ordered the wings. On Mondays, they offer half price appetizers, but the wings are excluded from this special. The burger was delicious, cooked perfectly. My boyfriend enjoyed his wings.
When the check came, we were slightly confused as the manager we spoke to told us that he would provide a complimentary meal for me and a guest. That manager was not working, and so the manager working came over to let us know he comped one of our two rounds of drinks and the appetizers that they had sent (the ones we did not order). Clearly there was a gap in communication about this and I think it's clear that there are still some recent-opening related kinks to be worked out, or maybe I just have bad luck...The beer was really good and we love the flights! The food was mediocre though. It could be better but we did go for the beer. The service was also okay. It was kind of busy but we felt rushed.must eat - 
butternut squash cheese dip
pretzel
lamb kabob salad 
must drink -
white cranberry cider
tart monkey 
wake up callMany days have been spent contemplating how to most constructively leave this review... I'd like to start by saying I had such high hopes for my Saturday afternoon at Victory Brewing. So many friends went to the opening night and had great things to say. Even my Yelp friends have left such positive reviews about their visits. All of this prompted my decision to make Victory the spot for some Saturday day-drinking with a group of 8 total people, some had been before and others were visiting for the first time.
Sadly, my weekend visit was a huge bummer from start to finish. I've come to the conclusion (maybe just a hypothesis at this point?) that this was overall a staffing issue and that maybe they had all of their best staff working for the grand opening, and this past Saturday was lacking those key players leading to a underwhelming and honestly frustrating experience. 
In short, the service was slow and our orders were delivered incorrectly repeatedly to the point that we were both confused and had given up trying to get what we ordered. For the amount of time we waited to be seated, and the price point, Victory really missed the mark.
If you're in it for the long haul, and want to read all of the details then read on my brave friends! 
We arrived around 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon. The host by the entrance informed us that there would be an hour wait for our table of 8, which was longer than we had anticipated, but makes sense given that they do not take reservations. We put in our name and number and went down the street for drinks elsewhere to pass the time until the text came that our table was ready. By 2:30, the text came and stated we had 5 minutes to claim our table or it would be forfeited, so I ran the few blocks to get there in time to ensure our table was not given away. 
We were seated upstairs, which was very loud as the place was packed. The decor was cool and I was intrigued by the outdoor area, but it was cold so I decided not to check it out. Our server came by after a few minutes of having been seated. She checked everyone's ID and took our drink orders. A friend and I decided we'd do flights. In an attempt to make things easier, I selected the 5 beers we'd try and we would both get the same thing. Two identical flights. 
Drinks came very slowly, some friends waiting as long as 30 minutes for their beer, while others had nearly finished theirs. One major point of confusion and frustration was when my flight was delivered, but not my friend sitting across from me that had gotten the same thing. Finally, her flight came and it was visibly obvious that her flight was not the same as mine. She was also not given the notecard that lists beer names in the order they're set out. When we found out waitress, we let her know. She spent a few minutes trying to figure out what had happened, standing by our table going through the open tabs on her tablet ordering device. She could not figure it out, took the flight away, and said the correct one would be coming soon. She brought the "correct" flight a few minutes later and somehow this still looks very different from mine. After all the time waisted initially, we decided that this would have to suffice until another server came by our table with a flight that did look correct. He let us keep the mistake flight, because she had already started drinking it anyways.
After some careful observation, I realized that MY flight was missing one essential beer (the literal only beer that I knew I would like and wanted, because I have had it before - The Cloud Walker). I decided I'd just order a pint of that after my flight because it was not worth mentioning after all we had gone through. 
Due to how loud it was, the other half of our table did not realize what had happened at our end. We started to explain the whole thing and that is when one of the drink-less friends at our table said he never got his flight, and we determined that the flight that was incorrectly brought to my flight twin across from me was in fact his. I think this speaks volumes to how loud the place was and how our service missed the mark. I'm not sure why our server did not realize the incorrect flight was in fact correct, but she was just bringing it to the wrong person at our table. Maybe seat numbers should be assigned to alleviate this?
I want to be hopeful, and say this is just the kinks being worked out at a newly opened establishment. However, with all of the glowing reviews from opening day, it's clear Victory is capable of good service.
The saving grace was that the food, when it did eventually come, was pretty good! I had the loaded fries and enjoyed them. Friends raved about the burgers, pretzel, and chicken sandwich. 
It's unlikely that I would return with a group on the weekend. Maybe I'll try a weeknight seat at the bar to see if Victory can redeem itself? But I am truthfully very discouraged.Great beer, a little lacking with darker beer but otherwise really enjoyed their selection. Victory burger, butternut squash cheese dip, and wings are all great; highly recommend any. Our server has been Dana each time we've been here and she has been superb .Its nice that Victory came to CC, but it is too small in there. 
It was packed to the Gills by 4pm.
They need to go head and open up that 2nd floor.
People were hawking for bar seats.  
I had my drink and got tfu outta there.