A very welcome authentic and delicious addition to the neighborhood. 
This is the real thing! We stopped in for the lunch special and were not disappointed. My partner and I were in Vientiane last year.  The food here is on par with what we had in Laos.
Love that they cater to vegans and vegetarians and that the food is as mild or spicy as you like.  We had the coconut soup and the spicy tom yum soup to start - both excellent. Then the spring roll and the pork dumplings - not so great. They only offered 1 spring roll (though it was very tasty and perfectly cooked) but the pork dumplings were bland and flavorless. However the main courses - chicken with sweet basil sauce for my partner, and the pad kee mao were delicious and nicely sized portions.
Overall?  We really enjoyed our meal, the restaurant was very clean and the staff friendly and welcoming and we were surprised that the restaurant was fairly full at lunchtime - always a good sign. Can't wait to eat here again. This will definitely be a go-to spot in the neighborhood.Very disappointed. Lunch specials are only available for dine in so I paid $14 for takeout only to find that my chicken curry was made with tiny pieces of all dark meat and only a small amount of chicken was in the container. All of the curry pictures from the other location have white meat and I have never been served dark meat in a curry before. The curry flavor was good and there were a lot of vegetables, hence the two stars, but not worth the $14. Would try again if some changes are made.The som tom papaya salad was delicious! Looking forward to trying more food here soon. I usually judge a place by that salad though, so I have high hopes! So cool that they have a few options for a lot of the food based on what cuisine you're after. Just wish they had better hours!Great addition to the neighborhood.  Nice, modern interior.  Food and service were very good.  Prices are reasonable for what you get.  Try the sticky tamarind app, good stuff.  Byob and they accept credit cards.I came here Friday with my friend and order papaya salads, king soup and sticky rice with sausage, it was very delicious, amazing taste! It was so delicious I came two days later with my boyfriend. The place was super clean and comfortable. I will be coming back to this place, my new spot !So excited to get this gem in our neck of the woods! I loved Vientiane when I lived over in W. Philly and squealed with delight when I saw that the family was expanding its business to Kensington. The quality of dishes and friendly staff make this place a regular go to.Aye yooo! Last nights devours came all the way from the Kensington section of the city! Vientiane Bistro is a Lao-Thai Cuisine restaurant located 2537 Kensington ave phila, pa 19125. The vibe is a diamond in the rough at this place; very calm relaxed atmosphere with very i mean very clean bathrooms . Definitely can be either a relaxing place to clear ur head or a date spot; you pick ‍. First up was the Angel shrimp  which were wrapped in wonton and fried crispy golden with a sweet citrus chili  garlic sauce. Next it's was the Steam Mussels made in a creamy curry sauce with peppers, onions, green beans, carrots , basil , and coconut  milk  . Last but not least, was the Tod Paa which was a deep fried whole Pompano fish  with sautéed mushroom  garlic sweet and tangy served with steamed broccoli  and carrots. The food was absolutely amazing! Beyond expectations were meant! If your ever in the Kensington area of the city and want some bomb  Laos and Thai cuisine, pleas go check out Vientiane Bistro! #philadelphia #philly #thaifood #laosfood #fish #shrimp #broccoli #water #mussels #food #foodporn #foodphotography #foodporn #foodieMy first time trying both dishes because i saw them in a food competition show and i was not disappointed!! So good. literally nothing to complain about.One of the best Thai spots in the city. The owner is the sweetest person and the service here is great. Don't sleep on their spicy papaya salad and the Tilapia Tom Saap soup.Do not go here. Got takeout and the man who gave me the food overcharged on the tip. Thankfully I have a Square account so I got the receipt afterward and found out that he had charged me extra after I left. Apart from that, the food wasn't even good. We ordered pad thai and it tasted ketchupy. The spring rolls were fine but you can't really mess up spring rolls. There are far better places you can go in this great food city than this.Wonderful food. I have been here many times both to eat in and to take out. I'm glad to have a few more options in the neighborhood besides burgers. 
The staff is friendly and warm. They only have 3-4 tables. So it is mostly a Carry our situation but if you are able to dine in you are well taken care of. 
It's a great little oasis under the EL train. 
We will be back soon.The best food I've ever had was all served here! You really can't find this kind of authentic food anywhere else. Everything we ordered was delicious and bursting with flavors. I can't believe I just recently discovered this little gem.If, it has 10 stars, i would give this place 10 stars.. it is small, clean and beautiful place! More importantly , the foods are so amazing!! Will come back definitely!!Amazing food. Amazing service. All around great vibe. Go here for a positive experience!Vientiane bistro is definitely a gem of Kensington. Delicious Laotian cuisine. Restaurant is fully renovated with cute and traditional decor. Great service. It's a must try!The food was AMAZING!! Got the panaeng curry with chicken and tofu and the papaya salad- sooo yummy! This will be my go to spot from now on!Amazing, I've been having a hard time finding a clean and tasty Asian restaurant in the area.  This place is clean, spotless and the food is AMAZING.  Just ordered via Uber eats basil chicken entree with shrimp dumplings and sticky rice!
Everything was amazing I wanted to just drink the sauce it was that yummy.  Also the Thai teas are addictive as hell.  Also helps calm the spicyness if you decide to get hot.  Can't wait to go back!Yummmm I can never get a picture because I just dig in. The Lao grilled sausage is so so so flavorful and juicy, fish cakes are soft and the perfect texture, not rubbery how many places prefer to make it. And again so much flavor it's like I know what these ingredients are but how do they make it so good? Even the dipping sauce is so delicious, I poured the extra over some vermicelli noodles and had a perfect summer dinner with some lettuce. Also had the sweet basil with shrimp and the triple flavor with duck. We like to order here a lot lol. Shrimp was plump and cooked perfectly, duck still had a crunch even being take out. Hopefully we can try the catfish and other menu items again that I no longer see like the shrimp roll.I have eaten at almost every Lao restaurant (past & present) on the East Coast (& in Amarillo, Texas ) over the years. Thip Khao in D.C. has been a favorite and is quite superb....simply because the food is never dumbed down for a vanilla palate. But I live in Philly and would much rather not drive 3 hours south to get excellent sticky rice, Laab, and Sai Oua.
Enter Vientiane Bistro. 
I was going to Cafe Pho Gà Thanh and noticed the smart looking restaurant next door. I had a lot of errands to run and opted to place an order to go. Without belaboring the delightful details...everything I ordered was all so profoundly good! 
I learned later that Laban (Philly Inquirer...not sure what he knows about Lao food) had written a review and that the co-owner and chef (Sunny Phanthavong) is the daughter of the owner of Vientiane Cafe in West Philly.
With all deference to her fantastic mother, Sunny Phanthavong has the more enthralling flavors coming from her kitchen.
Thank you so much...for sparing me that 3 hour drive. ;)Food was amazing. Service was great. Is in a sketchy part of town but the inside was very clean and comfy. We ordered the king soup, the drunken noodles with shrimp. Everything was flavourful with great level of spice. Would definitely come againMy favorite food to order here is sticky rice with mango. It's served warm. The rice isn't too sweet, the mango is fresh, juicy, and sweet.
My coworker ordered the chocolate banana spring rolls and she said it's not too salty, not too sweet, and not too flaky. Now I am curious to try it next time I order. My other coworker who ordered the pad Thai said it's delicious too.After moving from west philly to Kensington, there were a few restaurants I have been really missing. Vientiane cafe was one of them...until I tried Vientiane bistro! This place is gritty on the outside (under the el on Kensington Ave), but inside, it's an oasis of beautiful ambiance, excellent service, and delicious food.
We arrived at 8:15 on a Saturday night and had the restaurant to ourselves. This place is far too good to be so empty on a Saturday night. Right away, we were greeted by Kenneth, who was so accommodating and helpful.
Our group ordered edamame, steamed pork dumplings, drunken noodles with beef, sai gawk, paenang curry with beef, and mango sticky rice. Everything was so flavorful and satisfying. The highlight for me was the sai gawk. The lemongrass flavor really made this dish!
Please do not hesitate to give this amazing byob a try. You won't regret it!In a gritty looking neighborhood - but one not far from increasingly cool gentrifying ones - is this storefront Laotian restaurant.  It's a gem.  Though not officially related, this restaurant is run by the daughter of the owners of the well-known Vientiane Café in University City.  The interior of the restaurant is stylish with Laotian art on the walls.  And the food is very good.  Their lunch specials are of especially great value but on a cold winter's day, nothing tastes better than their Khaopoon - aka King Soup.  This red curry broth with vermicelli rice noodles and purple cabbage, lettuce, carrots and I chose minced pork is truly tasty ... and warming ... and hearty.  Service was friendly and now I know why Vientiane Bistro is so highly rated.Absolutely one of our favorite places to go. We've been dozens of times. Our favorites are the green curry mussels (order them with a side of sticky rice so you can soak up all of the sauce). All of the noodle dishes are great. I love the crab fried rice in several varieties. You won't regret ordering the Khao Poon soup (get it with the ground pork). It is packed with flavor and warms you through without being too spicy. I find myself day dreaming about the sticky tamarind wings a they're sweet, sour, crunchy, and smoky.
I think a lot of people order delivery or take out but don't hesitate to eat in. The service is great and the food comes out hot and fresh. It's BYO so bring your own beverages and enjoy an affordable but flavorful meal. I bring everyone I can to eat here.Very good Laos and Thai food. Service is also warm and welcoming. Very happy to have them in the neighborhood. Very clean and nicely designed. I had Laos papaya and steak salad and it was very tasty.Everything we ordered, 6 dishes total (to share) turned out delicious. If you're into authentic Thai/Laos and dont mind eating spicy foods give this place a try you won't be disappointed. And the presentation is IG worthy.We were so happy to have found this Laos Thai restaurant. The food is delicious and value the price by big portions. A real gem of a  Laos Thai kind of food restaurant in Philly. By the time we went in, the place is pretty quiet, and it has a great design along with all local style decoration! 
   We didnt order appetizers so we just started with 3 main dishes which is Laab pork, TomSap and Drunken Noodle. I love the Laab Pork! (I recommend it with pork or beef! Normally I dont eat pork and beef but this pork dish is so good I couldnt help), for the TomSap as a Thai I am, I'd prefer it more favor and tasty but my husband who was born here said it perfect for him and he loves every dishes as same as me. I also got Thai tea which is very pull me back to my country, it is strong Thai tea as it supposed to be with perfect milk and sweet level.
  The food quality is amazing and I hope I can come here more often!. The staff are equally as impressive as the food, polite and gracious hosts!. Me and my husband enjoy our time there.I think I've gotten takeout from Vientiane 4 times, a different dish each time (pad thai, pad kee mao, red curry, panaeng curry, coconut soup, and dumplings). Haven't been disappointed yet! I think the curries are my favorite dishes so far. Looking forward to trying some of the Lao dishes.
So happy to have delicious Thai in Kensington!This restaurant already had high reviews, and it didn't disappoint.
We've now ordered delivery the last two weeks from here, which I know can always be hit or miss compared to dine-in. That was absolutely not the case.
Everything is spicy, flavorful, and comes in great portions (though it can be a little expensive compared to what other Asian restaurants charge). Completely worth it though!
I can't speak to any of the meat they serve, but the tofu is delicious.
Delivery is always right on time if not a few minutes early (via Grubhub).3.5. It was above average.  The service was good and the staff were friendly.  We got seated right away.  We were pretty much the only table there.  I tried the papaya salad, larb beef, and we ordered the gang aw-Lao chicken, but for some reason we got the gang naw mai instead.  We didn't complain, though since they already made it, so we just ate it.  I think this is probably northern Lao food because it is a little different from what I grew up eating.  The gang naw mai tasted a little sweet, and didn't taste like pa daak (fermented fish).  The larb also wasn't larb that I'm used to eating.  I've always had beef larb with tripe in it and an option to have it bitter.  Their larb was pretty good, though.  It was more of a yum beef (yum Sean) for me.  I liked it a lot.  It was like a salad.  The papaya salad flavor wasn't bad, either.  Overall, I had a pretty good experience.This place is great. Every time I come here, I end up going back a few days later because I can't stop thinking about it. The food is great and the staff is wonderful. I would definitely recommend the lunch special. Such a great deal for the price. My favorites are the Tofu in Ginger Sauce, Crispy Tamara, and Papaya Salad (Thai Style, not Laotian Style).It takes everything inside of me not to eat her once a week. Everything on the menu is amazing but my go to is the spicy basil fried rice w/ tofu and a fried egg on top and the yellow curry. I can't say it enough but the staff and service is always exceptional.Great Thai and Laotian food has come to Kensington Avenue in East Kensington! The large menu has a lot to choose from. 
My significant other and I shared the vegetarian lettuce wraps. He had the green curry shrimp and I had the king soup, a red curry soup with vermicelli noodles. 
Everything was delicious and the staff was very friendly. Great addition to the area.
BYOB.Ordered delivery. Got:
+ Sai Gawk - Stuffed with chopped pork, lemongrass, and kaffir lime leaves. Served with cabbage salad and spicy roasted chili garlic sauce jeow muk phet sticky rice. Very flavorful, although wish there were a few more pieces of sausage. Sticky rice was fantastic. The sauces were interesting and went well with the well-charred sausage, with flavors from the lemongrass and lime leaves that was nice to try for the first time in sausage
+ King soup - a bit over-salted, so it sort of overwhelmed whatever complexity. But it was still good, thanks to the fresh bean sprouts and purple cabbage and all the mint/cilantro that I love about southeast Asian broths and curries. Beef was a little touch and dry, didn't really soak up the flavor of the broth
+ Vegetarian Crispy Naam Lettuce Wraps Salad - Interesting marinated rice with coconut flakes, but couldn't really get hints of coconut. I found more luck combining it with my other dishes, like pouring the sauce from my beef jerky and dipping it in my curry.  I think I should have gotten it with pork or meat. But the options on Ubereats I had were the "ham", which I was unsure what to expect, and vegetarian. Definitely needed a savory twist, but maybe better for vegetarians
+ Home Made Lao Beef Jerky - I've had Chinese beef jerky and it was cool to try another Asian twist on beef jerkey. There's a nice dark caramelized sweet exterior. Goes really well with rice or some of the other dishesNew outpost of the Bistro joins the best noodle soup block in Philly. I wanted to try something of the Laos side of the menu. My eyes immediately went to the khaopoon, a coconut curry noodle soup. Not only is it served beautiful, but this soup is so flavorful: lime, mint, some spicy, and the ground pork that was recommended as the protein. The ambiance and service are a few notches above the other favorites on the block.I went here because it was a really hot day and wanted papaya salad. They served it with fermented crab, which is hard to find, so that was fun. Definitely the right sorts of flavors there, although maybe I could have ordered it spicier than "medium spicy." I was glad I ordered it. Also had miscellaneous other items---chicken satay, although not super Laotian, was done excellently, and Vietnamese crepe was one of the crispiest I've ever seen, albeit perhaps a bit greasy.Glad to see this West Philly favorite now has another location in Kensington. Great food at a very reasonable price. The new location has a more modern feel than the original. The staff is friendly and again, the food is great. 
Stand out dishes:
Beef Jerky
Laotian SausageWent for lunch yesterday.  The menu is a great mix of Thai and Viet dishes, but had to start by trying their Laotian specialties.
They did not disappoint. The Khao Poon and Sai Gawk were both delicious, with complex layers of texture and flavor.
This is definitely a welcome addition to the growing Asian eateries north of Market, that I've sorely missed from living in South Philly. Can't wait to return to try the rest of the menu.Definitely shocked at how amazing the food  was . My fiancé and I came here because we heard  good things and I just Say all the things were true! Great service, great environment, very clean and the food was to die for . I will continue to come back . Everything was good man and that is hard to come by . Here are a couple pictures of what we had.The amount of good reviews this place got is really beyond me. Here is my review for the following dishes:
Beef laab: extremely salty to the point of being inedible. I had to throw the whole thing away. I'm not unfamiliar with salty food. I'm Vietnamese and fish sauce is a stable in our cuisine. It made me think that whoever made this dish did not perform a quality test.
Tamarind crispy tofu: this was good
Shrimp spicy tom yum soup: I've eaten this dish from places like Circles, JJ's Thai cuisine to name a few but Vientiane's had the smallest shrimps and the taste was mediocre at best.Ordered delivery from here last night and really enjoyed the potpourri of Laotian and Thai specialties. The roast duck with ginger sauce was absolutely terrific, with a pronounced hit of heat from the ginger, while not being totally overpowering. Summer rolls were likewise delicious. All sauces were delicious and the portions were plentiful. Only small complaint is that the veggie dumplings were kind of smushy, but with everything else being as excellent as it was, I would order from here again in a heartbeat.The best! I mean really, this place is an institution.  As good as Susanna Foo, this place is a must.  You have to! See what I am saying? Order from them right now... Why are you still reading this?Before coming here our go-to Thai place was Tamarind on South Street. My spouse and I both agreed the food here is way better for about two-thirds the price. Can't recommend this place enough to friends.I've had a great delightful experience here at the Vietiene Bistro ! The food was delicious, it's everything I'd expect off a Laos restaurant! Service is fast and very professional. Overall my experience here is awesome! The owner of the place was very polite and have a very joyful vibe.Finally made my way to Vientiane Bistro. Everything was phenomenal!! There was only two of us so we didn't get to try everything. What we did get was absolutely amazing though. We got the Kow Piek, Crispy Naam Lettuce Wrap, Chicken Satay, Chicken Pad Thai, & Tod Paa which is a whole fried Pompano. 
Kow Piek is a porridge like dish topped with bean sprouts, cilantro and scallions. It's very warming on a brisk day. The Crispy Naam was different. I had no idea what to expect since it was my first time but it was tasty. It's marinated rice, crispy coconut flakes and herbs. You wrap it with fresh lettuce. Each bite was a burst of flavor. I love eating anything with my bare hands. Although everything was delicious, the whole fried Pompano was my absolute favorite. It was beautifully plated on a wood server and accompanied by another plate of fresh veggies and noodles. The fish was cooked and flavored to perfection! 
If you are looking for a Thai/ Laos restaurant, Vientiane Bistro is the place to go. Don't let the neighborhood scare you. The best places are little gems like this.Diamond in the rough. Amazing food matched only by their excellent customer service. The Sai Gawk (grilled Lao sausages) are outstanding. My first time ordering here, one of the sausages apparently burst, so they had included a fourth sausage for free and wrote a small note explaining the situation. The Khao Poon aka King Soup is unbelievably tasty. Definitely try the duck spring rolls if they're not sold out!! 
#Support local businesses 
#Black Lives MatterSo happy to grub here. So lucky to get this amazing food. Mussels. Shrimp. Noodles. Soooo good!My friends had been raving about this place ! From the food to the service they loved everything . So I decided to give them a try and boy oh boy that was the one decision I've glad I made . The laab is so flavorful n tasty. I also love their lao sausages and curry noodles. I'm so glad that I've gotten to try this place. Truly an authentic Laos/Thai restaurant!Everything is good about this place. The steamed talapia and green curry is fabulous!Ordered delivery from here via Uber Eats due to Covid.
The estimated time was about an hour, but I noticed that the order was completed and picked up within 30 minutes. The food was fresh, hot, packaged well, and most importantly, delicious. 
I ordered the mussels, spring rolls, banh xeo, and grilled wings. The flavor and spice levels were perfect. Will be ordering again!Maybe this is because it was a bit busier when I ordered my takeout yesterday but my food was less flavorful than normal. I ordered the pad thai and I had to add my own spices in it because it did not have any spice whatsoever. I also ordered a Thai iced tea and I'm not sure why but it tasted like damp cloth. I have ordered from Vientiane Bistro before and I think the last time was previously better. Thai food is always a hit or miss to me in Philly and this place was on the okay side.Alright so this was my first time ordering take out from here. I've had pad Thai before so I'm familiar with the flavor. The pad Thai I ordered was with shrimp and it cost me $18 + tax which was about $19 total. To me that's pretty expensive. I've had great pad Thai for only $15. Not to mention this pad Thai was average. Like the previous customer said there wasn't much flavor to it. If you want a great pad Thai check out another place.My sister and I have been their original customers since Vientenne Cafe, located in west Philly. We followed them to this location mainly because it is closer to home. We love it here. The food is as excellent as the original location. The spice can be accommodated to your liking.The decor inside is super cute and cozy. The service is incredible. Our waitress (sorry we didn't get her name), was always so attentive and made sure everything was okay and if we needed anything. We really appreciated that. Now that they are closer to home, we will be coming more often!Tried Vientiane Bistro twice, had high hopes after trying and loving the coconut soup. However, after a great start I was let down by pad thai and lao sausage. The pad thai was average flavor nothing really stood out and the noodles were all stuck together. The lao sausage was under cooked in my opinion which really prevented me from enjoying. The spring rolls and angel shrimp were good but again nothing setting it apart from any other fried food. Overall not bad but not great, for the area and price probably won't be back.So excited to have this new addition to the neighborhood. Everything we have tried is delicious and fresh. Don't sleep on the red curry.Ordered delivery and very satisfied with the flavors and  freshness. Lad na and sticky wings were bomb dot com and capped off my meal with their steamed sticky rice and beans not pictured.This review is for the takeout order.
Banh Xeo aka Vietnamese crepes. Very crunchy but greasy. The filling is delicious.
Summer rolls with grilled shrimp is delicious with the dipping sauce although the dipping sauce isn't the usual hoi sin and peanut. 
Red curry is delicious with perfect flavor and spiciness. You can pick the level of spiciness.
Steamed sticky rice with banana and red beans. There's not much filling only small slices of banana and several beans. It's sweet and delicious. 
Sticky rice with mango is awesome. Mango is really sweet and perfect combination with the sticky rice. It's definitely my fauThis place is fantastic! Everything I've had from here has been so good and I love how nice the staff is. The food is authentic and they have some cool stuff that I've never tried before. I'm going to be a regular here!Ordered fried rice and chicken satay. Spicy basil fried rice was really good (probably the best Thai fried rice I've had in Philly) it had a lot of chicken and a nice amount of veggies. The chicken satay didn't have much flavor coming through so I wouldn't order that again.  This little can of mango juice was 4 dollars and in my own opinion not at all worth it. Overall pretty goodEast Kensington Avenue is about the grittiest urban zone in Philadelphia. With early 20th Century elevated subway (the El) rumbling above the shadowed street below, it can be difficult to see any hope of renewal. Yet, a closer look shows seeds germinating in the cracks in the sidewalk. 
The 3900 block has several Southeast Asian restaurants that are more than just surviving, but thriving in this unforgiving environment. Vietnamese, Lao, Chinese and Thai kitchens are turning out some of the best cuisine in the city. I drove down last weekend to explore some of the possibilities, and selected Vientiane Bistro as my starting point. 
Right next door to the well known Cafe Pho Ga Thanh Thanh, the Bistro is nicely renovated with utilitarian metal furniture, plank floors and simple wall decorations. The aroma of lemongrass, ginger and garlic greeted me at the door, quickly followed by the attractive, friendly server pointing me to a deuce in front along the side wall. She returned with menu a moment later. She was unaware that there was also a lunch list and when I inquired, she confirmed with the owner that it was available as well. She retrieved one promptly. My Yelp research paid off, giving me a chance to sample a few smaller portions of more dishes; Lao style dim sum .
Coconut Soup, Veggie Spring Roll, Chicken Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodles) and Tamarind Wings appetizer, were soon being prepared by their talented chef. I was about to be entertained by a four act play. 
The soup was mildly sweet, full of veggies and a nice place to start. Loved every slurp and picked up the bowl to drain every drop. The six Tamarind Wings were large, grilled and bathed in a dark rouge/amber thick tart glaze. After the soup, it presented a very different taste and texture. A lover of tamarind duck, this was a great counterpoint and subtle reminder of that favorite. The Spring Roll was the weak link, but with the sweet dipping sauce was more of a bridge to what came next. I asked for the Pad Kee Mao to be done "extra spicy." That was what I got. Each bite of the veggies, chicken and broad noodles ignited my lips, gums and tongue with a pleasant burn, that gradually increased as I worked my way down the large mound in the wide bowl. Never numbing, I felt as much as tasted every morsel. Special surprise at the bottom of the bowl, where all the oils and spices collected and covered the last few pieces of food. I knew I probably shouldn't, but I couldn't resist spooning all of that into my mouth. 
Holy cow! It was a hot blast that brought tears to my eyes and blew out my sinuses. Tears of joy, I assure you. Should have asked for more napkins, but it all ended well. 
The influence of Lao and Thai cuisine on each other is wonderful. The hybrid creates a flavor/texture profile that connects the delicacy of Thai sauces with the heavier heartiness of Lao cooking. That is a beautifully delicious thing and a place that I could live happily forever.Grilled veggies are perfectly cooked but too many charred parts. The peanut sauce is a little bit spicy 
Vegetable dumplings has a nice fresh soft skin and flavor but not too much fillings.A delicious little hidden gem. I've had their takeout and recently enjoyed dinner with friends in the dining room.
Cozy space with attentive service and quick turn around for apps and entrees. Desserts took a rather long time as the kitchen seemed to have been shut down for the night before we were offered dessert - would have skipped this is we had realized it!This place is the best. My wife loves the Khao Poon (King Soup)- it's her favorite soup in the city. I'm a little more boring and always go with the Pad Thai or House Fried Rice, and they are always top notch. We've also had their duck, angel shrimp, fish cakes, and spring rolls which are all phenomenal. Everything is always fresh and very well put together.Delicious!
I haven't been here in person, but the takeout meal I had was very tasty. I got the Tofu Pad See Ew ("stir fry rice flat noodles with broccoli, peppers, snow peas and carrots in a sweet soy sauce" - I got it without the onions).  The tofu was nice and crispy, the snow peas weren't stringy/fibrous, the noodles were chewy and the sauce had a great flavor. I specified Mild, as I heard this place can be veeeryyy spicy, but they honored that preference and I was really thankful.  (I love spice, just wasn't in the mood that day.) :) 
My dining partner had the chicken green curry and asked for it with medium spice.  He was definitely feeling the spice, but in a good way!  Really enjoyable.  Also, the matcha beverage he ordered was really wonderful - he got it without sugar, so the only sweetness was from the cream in it.  Lovely and smooth.
Can't wait to order from here again!Vientiane Bistro is great. It's Laotian cuisine accessible to lots of folks including vegetarian/vegan. Located directly across the street from Thang Long on Kensington Ave... so parking is usually easy. Wish there were more bike parking though.
Staff was great, we were the only table seated at 5:30 opening weekend and they played lullabies on the speakers for the babies in our party! Owned by a lovely family, same folks as the Vientiane Cafe in West Philly. 
BYOB and THEY TAKE CARDS (unlike West Philly)
Highly recommend the sticky tamarind appetizer and king soup. Folks i our party obsess over the Green Papaya salad, too.Food is . Ordered twice, consistently good and quickly delivered. Highly recommended.This establishment has become a favorite take out spot for my wife and I this past year.  Everyone eventually gets tired of corner Chinese spots and pizzerias and luckily I came across an article on banks helping small businesses and the food sounded so good I couldn't resist.  Since then it's been almost a weekly order for us.
My favorite so far has been the pineapple fried rice.  The whole dish is delicious but the cashews are probably my favorite part.  It's a perfect combo of sweet, spicy and curry.  Also the portion is huge and usually lasts 2-3 meals.  
The tofu Penang curry has also been a huge hit for us. The texture of the tofu almost makes you forget you are not eating meat and the spicy combo mixed with the peanut flavor is very unique (except for the restaurant Penang you won't find too many Malaysian dishes on anyone's menu).
The pad kee mao is the perfect noodle dish to me.  Flat noodles soak up so much flavor and are perfect when stir fried. Honestly the protein is just the icing on the cake.
The coconut soup with shrimp is as pure and simple and you can get.  The broth couldn't be any more coconutty (if that's a word) and perfect to sip on if you're not in the mood for typical broth.
The one item that I did have a complaint about were the pork dumplings.  The filling was pretty much nonexistent and was basically dough and air.  Could have just been a bad batch given how delicious everything usually is.
The mango sticky rice is the perfect ending to the meal if you managed to get a bunch spicy items.  It's so simple but so satisfying.  I would recommend getting that every time.
We can't wait to be able to actually eat inside.  Everything holds up nicely via delivery/pickup so I can't imagine how much better everything is getting it directly from the kitchenAfter many good experiences ordering from here I have to say I really don't know what happened tonight.  
We ordered our usual favorites: Shrimp pineapple fried rice, tofu Penang curry, and chicken satay.  However tonight everything but the satay was insanely disappointing.  You can compare the pictures of the rice and curry from tonight to my previous review and it's like looking at 4 different dishes. Tonight unfortunately was a waste of $48.
There was no yellow curry in the pineapple fried rice and no color or seasoning whatsoever.  It was like the vegetables, rice and shrimp were steamed, mixed together and just tossed in the container.  The portion was also smaller than I've ever seen before. I hate to say it but I could have gone to my corner Chinese take out spot and paid less than half the price for the same quality. 
The Penang curry had barely any peanut flavor, even though we order mild there's usually still a little spice to it but tonight, flavorless, and the vegetables, when always tender, were raw.  
Might give this place a break for a bit and see if anything changes and give an updated review. Whoever was working the kitchen seems to have disappointed a few people this weekend based off other reviews.Low quality ingredients. Mediocre taste. Inauthentic Thai cuisine. I ordered the Red Curry and there was this oily sauce halfway filled in the container. It was supposed to have green bell peppers but instead they replaced it with this other green vegetable (leaving the insides with seeds attached to it). The chicken were strange pieces, like scraps. This is not what I expected from a restaurant that charges $14 for every entree on the menu. The dish wasn't even worth half the price. I couldn't taste the coconut milk. I've attached a photo of the green vegetable and one piece has a worm hole on the skin. My stomach hurts right now after just consuming it. Hoping to calm it with some tea. Overall, food here is not good. Not worth the trip.Food was good. We ordered a couple of things and were satisfied with all of them. The spicy basil fried rice was really spicy, but it was really good!