Don't let the outside fool you-this place is much cuter and nicer inside than you would expect! 
Food is good and reasonably  priced. We ordered papaya salad, triple flavor duck, and king tofu soup. Papaya salad is always refreshing, but this place overdoes it on the fish sauce. Anything triple flavor is always a safe but delicious choice. I would say their king soup, with choice of protein, is a winner. 
And also, BYO!I live in the neighborhood and absolutely love this place! Everything I have ever gotten here has been really good. They have a lot of dishes with very unique and distinct flavors. Overall, this is one of my favorite restaurants around. They also have a very good lunch special if you are ever nearby on a weekday.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly! Check out my full review. http://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2013/08/04/vientiane-cafe-best-laotianthai-in-philly/Wow!   Soooo full!    Great staff!   Delicious food!   BYOB!   Good times!      I loved the wings, tofu, and the catfish!     I can't wait until I'm back in town to visit.    It's slowly becoming my undisputed go to restaurant when I'm philly!   Also heard from a patron that Uber eats started delivering.    Wish I lived closer so I could enjoy more frequently.    Absolutely one of my favorite spots for a good meal!This is my kind of place - they use fresh everything and the seasonings are expert.  The service on Friday nights is fantastic.  
Over the years, the cooking has improved and is tastier than ever.  It's hard to get a seat, so plan on waiting 30 minutes on a busy night - that being said, it's not long until you are seated and promptly given water and they have real candles here.  
I always order the coconut soup (I order it with the tofu "not fried") and also the yellow curry with tofu - also not fried.  It lends a more delicate flavor to the already rich curry.  It is to die for - tastes like dessert.  It is served with rice.
Last time I ordered the Pho - my goodness, the bowl is so huge and served with two sauces - hoisin and siracha.  Very good and filling - I would order it next time with more veggies (they are very good at helping you with special orders)
This is a BYOB and the prices can't be beat.  The menu keeps getting larger and I only wish I were closer to this place, as I would come here weekly for sure!Delicious. So delicious. Why do they not have a sign anywhere that says CASH ONLY? We definitely had to send my brother out to get cash when the bill came. Embarrassing.
I had the Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles) which were delicious. Though the menu said they'd be spicy, and they didn't even have a slow burn thing going on. Next time, I would get it spicier. Lots of beef in it though, they definitely did not skimp on that.
My parents both ate Pad Thai and loved it. I snagged a bite of my mom's Chicken Pad Thai and it was pretty yummy. I prefer greasy spicy noodles though.
The desserts here are so so good. A bit overpriced maybe ($6 a piece), but delicious. I had the sticky mango rice, my mother ate the chocolate banana egg roll, my brother had the banana tempura. All yummy.  My dad clearly made the right choice when he ordered the coconut ice cream. It came in half a coconut and there was SO MUCH ICE CREAM. I dont' know if they make it on location, or if they get it elsewhere, but I could definitely eat it every day.
I'm going to drag my brother here for the rest of the time he's at UPenn. I'm into it.I have been in a couple of times. I would skip their Pad Thai, I like it a particular way and either you got it or you don't.  What I do like is a lot of other items, like the Sweet Basil Salmon or the NomNom salad. I have also seen plenty of other dishes float by that I am willing to try.
There expansion seems to have paid off  and its now much more comfortable to sit and stay a bit.Delicious and authentic Thai/Laos BYOB that I would definitely try again.
I don't usually wander too far into West Philadelphia but I'll have to make an exception for this place. With the cute interior and the papaya salad along with beef jerky was nothing short of amazing, I'll have to return sooner than later. Especially for the Thai tea as well. Some places make it watery but it was made just the way I liked it.
Staff was friendly and attentive. Service was a little slow but it was a busy Saturday night, so it was understandable. A must try.This is an absolute MUST visit.
Everything about this place is damn near phenomenal.
The food is fresh and clean; you can tell it hasn't been frozen or sitting in a fridge.
The service is great! All of the employee's there are friendly and helpful (I can barely pronounce "perform" correctly).
They have a lot of Gluten-free and Vegetarian options, which is nice.My green curry was wonderful and filling.  Went for lunch with a friend, as she'd been before and loved it.  Our server was really sweet  and attentive.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was cash only, but it's printed prominently on the menu before you order.  Server helped me quickly find an ATM. Plans to go back are definitely in my future.Dinner here was great until the very end, but my opinion was definitely soured by being informed "we do not accept credit cards" only after I went to pay with a credit card. I checked the doorway on the way out - nope, no sign. There was nothing on the check to indicate they were cash-only, I don't remember seeing it listed on the menu (and I look for these things!) While dinner was delicious, that is a customer service fail that left me less-than-impressed. 
Up to that point, though, I very much enjoyed my dinner here. We started by sharing an order of spring rolls, two large rolls were served cut in half which was a nice portion for sharing. The peanut sauce they are served with is delicious! I had the panang curry -always delicious, although not anything particularly innovative. My friends had the pineapple fried rice (I had a taste - again, good but nothing mind-blowing) and sweet basil chicken (this is something I had never tasted before - yum!). Portion sizes were generous and the prices are reasonable. Service was OK - there was a long wait between appetizer and entrees, and for a while our water glasses were very neglected. 
They would have gotten 4 stars had it not been for their poor advertising of the cash-only policy. If you like Thai food they're worth a visit, just make sure to hit up the ATM before you head in!i have eaten pad kee mao (drunken noodles) at every thai restaurant in the city and i hereby declare that they are best at Vientiane!  fat noodles that are a tiny bit sweet and oh so spicy (if you ask for them hot- 1-4 stars).  the staff here are just fantastic at making sure to ask you just how you like it, and then delivering.  i get my padkeemao 2 stars of spice out of 4.  my boyfriend gets his red curry extra extra spicy andDon't like being a hater, but 1st knock on it 
was that it took an hour to get my food, then it wasn't that good either. Kind of bland.  The people are nice and the restaurant looks nice too, but doubtful if I'm coming back. The curry was blehI get the King Soup every time I go. It never disappoints. Great service. Friendly workers. Humble  Owner. Authentic food. AND BYOB. Can't beat that. The new fruit tarts they serve are a hit also.This is my go to restaurant! Omnivore, vegan, gluten free... All are welcome. The beef jerky is so yummy. The Kings soup is also one of my favorites.  The Naam salad is the best thing on the menu. West Philly gem.Ate at Vientiane for UCity Restaurant Week and was disappointed - the appetizers were good but the entrees (pad thai and paneng curry) were tasteless and boring. The dessert I had (can't remember what it was) was absolutely disgusting.
After reading all the positive yelp reviews, we went back last night to give it a second chance. Thai iced teas were great. The crispy pork spring rolls were delicious, with a great pork flavor (though the crispy spring rolls at Vietnam Cafe are similar and much better). The grilled mixed vegetables with peanut sauce were bland, but the peanut sauce was excellent. I bet the chicken satay is good.  
We were really thinking that we were in for a good dinner until the entrees came. Not only did it take FOREVER for our entrees to come, but they were terrible! We got the pad thai (again, to see if it would be better), but it was exactly the same: bland. Pad Thai is supposed to burst with the flavors of tamarind, fish sauce, bean sprouts, and peanuts. This didn't burst at all.  After reading great things about the crazy pineapple fried rice, I went for it, but it was bad too: the pineapple was absolutely delicious, but didn't go well with the flavor of the fried rice, which was bland and vaguely unpleasant.
We paid $50 with tip for 2 entrees, 2 appetizers, and 2 thai iced teas. 
As we left, I suggested we only come here again for appetizers. We decided to just not come again.
Make the trek out to Silk Cuisine in Bryn Mawr! Best Thai in the area, hands down.Despite the fact that Vientiane had run out of nearly everything I tried to order, I am still giving it four stars.  Their food is that good, their menu that extensive.
(But seriously, order more tofu.  This is West Philly where more people are probably vegetarian/vegan than not... Ugh!!!)
Regardless of their failure to supply me with my necessary protein intake, I still really enjoyed my meal.  We started with the papaya and cucumber salad which was delicate and at the same time complex.  Then I had veggie pineapple fried rice and asked them to load up on the veggies because of the tofu outage.  They obliged, and the plate was delicious.  I got spice level 4/5 and didn't find it very spicy, but I may just have a high spice tolerance.
For dessert we had the mango sticky rice and chocolate banana fried something or another... Both were delicious.  The mango sticky rice had slices of fresh mango with coconut topping.  
I will be back.  And hopefully they will have what I order.I love Thai food, and this place does not disappoint. Their lunch special is ridiculously awesome: $10 for soup, an appetizer (or, if you are soup averse like my husband, two appetizers) and an entree that is only slightly smaller than the regular entree. I, two opted for two apps and no soup, and the fresh spring rolls and dumplings were yummy. My husband's tofu satay was also good and came with some delicious sauce. The place is a bit small, but the food is great and the price is right.Deciding to come to the Vientiane Cafe, a Laotian/Thai restaurant, was a pretty easy choice after hearing a positive review about it from a friend. The only difficult part to getting out here would be convincing my other friends that it would be worth the short trek from Penn's campus. Always looking to explore affordable options outside of Penn's standard offerings, I finally got a small group to come out to try the place on a slow weekend.
The Vientiane has a small storefront located along a row of other randomly put-together offerings, including a record store and a Chinese take-out restaurant. Upon entering the restaurant, there was a sense of warmth and community as the waiters and kitchen hummed along and the diners happily focused on their food and conversation. Stepping in from the chilly walk and the proximity of the other tables certainly helped set the mood too.
Luckily for us, we came just in time to snag the last available table. Promptly after we arrived, a small line began to form outside. As a side note, it's probably better to come a bit earlier for dinner because the restaurant only has seating for about 20-25 people.
The prices for entrees, about $8-$12 for most items, were in-line with what I was expecting and were pretty well-sized. We tried to order more Laos-influenced and less commonplace Thai dishes. We ended up sharing 4 entrees--homemade sausage, laab, sweet basil with chicken, and a pineapple fried rice--and stick rice, figuratively the "glue" to this meal as it absorbed the delicious sauce. The sticky rice came in these cool, little Laotian rice baskets which were used for steaming the rice. I'm sure the rice baskets are commonplace, but I was really excited to see them (*note to self: must get out more).
After the meal, we were all quite satiated and satisfied with our meal, including the bill, which came to roughly $15 per person (all-inclusive).
For my first foray into Laotian cuisine, I was happy with the experience. Compared to other Asian cuisines, there was greater use of mint, cilantro and spices to bring out the flavor in the meat dishes. My favorite was the laab dish, a warm minced meat salad served with chilis and mint. It is allegedly  also the unofficial national dish of Laos (I'm always amused where Wikipedia sources their information when there are no footnotes).
I would definitely come back for a lunch or dinner with a small group of friends.Awesome food, friendly staff, byob, cute cozy restaurant. I always get the duck curry (spicy), pad se eww, papaya salad and naam salad.My friend & neighbor got catering from here (all vegan) and it was amazing. Will definitely be going to the restaurant soon with my husband as I am certain he will enjoy it as well.My first time here and I honestly think this was the worst experience I've had at a restaurant. I was really disappointed with the food. I was hoping it'll taste authentic, but I guess they made it more Americanized which is kind of understanding. I ordered the papaya salad (thum ma hoong) for appetizer, it tasted okay... Down side was that it was too plain for me, didn't really taste like the flavor I was hoping for.  The pad see ew was also so flavorless, I wanted to get a taste of toasty-ness from the noodles. Lastly, the desert. I ordered the sweet mango sticky rice which is my favorite Thai desert ever and I was really upset with this one. The sticky rice was more on the soggy side than sticky side. The coconut cream was just slapped on top of the sticky rice which I don't know why because it's suppose to be mixed together with the sticky rice. Also the mango wasn't ripe, it was hard & not as sweet as it should be. The only thing that pleased me was the beef jerky (seen hang), it was really chewy & flavorful with seasoning & a side of a sweet spicy tangy sauce which made it taste 10x better. Although, the food wasn't to my likings, the service & the environment was great & soothing. Which was the reason for the 3 stars. Friendly staff, but horrible food.One of my favorite restaurants ever. So far I've had (and loved):
- Panang Curry: This is by far my favorite. The quality of the tofu is amazing. 
- Drunken Noodles
- Vegetable Dumplings
- Banana and Chocolate Rolls
The only reason this is a four star and not a five star is because their red curry was pretty awful. 
The place also has great ambience. It's super cute, and a great hidden BYOB. The servers are extremely friendly and service is quick! It is also really easy to get a reservation for a big group on fairly short notice.Excellent food, though if you can't handle spicy, do proceed with caution. I chose a Laotian dish was quite unique--very different from Thai. Mines was spicy but not red spicy; rather, the "Aw Laos" dish was flavourful with dill and other veggies in a beautiful stewlike concoction. Comes with sticky rice. Definitely recommend this particular Laotian dish. Desserts were nothing too spectactular--fellow diners ordered mango with sticky rice and a coconut-agar dessert. No wows but a complacent recognition by my friends. Atmosphere is nice, for date or with group of friends. Worth checking out. Seems a reliable staple in this part of the woods. Food did take a while but service was friendly. Overall, B experience.Love the Naam salad and the Panang curry!!! Coconut soup is also amazing. One of my favorite spots in west philly.We discovered this Laotian restaurant through yelp while visiting our family so we decided to give it a try. The look of the restaurant from outside was deceiving where we almost left after we arrived because of the location, parking situation, and my fear of not being used to the type of surroundings. When we walked in we were surprised by how warm, cozy, clean, filled with customers, and we were greeted and seated promptly. It didn't take long for us to get our food and the food was very $reasonable. We ordered the sticky rice, chicken larb, papaya salad, beef jerky, stick rice mango dessert and all we delicious. We enjoyed all but probably will not order the sticky rice mango dessert again for $8 although we didn't mind paying for it considering the cost of how much it would have taken for them to make it but it was just a little too watering for us. We would definitely do it again next time we visit Philadelphia since we don't have any Laotian restaurants in Tampa area. I would highly recommend this place for anyone who likes to try authentic Laotian food that cannot be found from Thai restaurants. This was the first Laotian restaurant we have ever been to and we truly enjoyed the Laotian unique food experience! 
p.s BYOB is a plus..I had the lunch special with Tom Yum soup, fresh spring rolls, and tofu Pad Thai all for a little more $11.
Everything was really yummy and up to my standards. 
I have no complaints other than service was pretty slow but friendly. Either they need an extra person during lunch time on a Thursday afternoon or she simply was not attentive and proactive enough.
For the sake of the food and just more patience needed (or merely hoping for better service next time), I definitely would like to come back again.I had lunch with about 16 friends on a Saturday afternoon, and without exception, we were pleased.  The food was exceptional. My husband and I tried the Tom Yum soup, the satay appetizer, the pad thai and the fried rice.  We thought everything other than the fried rice was special; you know a little out of the ordinary compared to what we have eaten at other places.  The tofu satay was perfectly made, and the vegetarian spring rolls were really tasty.  Dessert included nibbles of coconut ice cream, a fried chocolate banana and the sticky mango rice.  I highly recommend the coconut ice cream.  Sticky mango is one of my favorite treats, and this was excellent. But the friend banana was pretty close to what I have had elsewhere (except I never had friend banana with a splash of chocolate tlike this). 
As to other issues, here is the run down: parking was available in a nearby free parking lot; the wait service was friendly and service was quick; the atmosphere was perfect for quiet two-person conversation and large group atmosphere; and the prices were moderate.
I highly recommend this restaurant.I'm basically addicted to the green curry with tofu. If you can handle a little spice you have got to get this dish. 
 Also the king soup is fantastic and the Nom salad. And the coconut soup! The Mango sticky rice is also fantastic. Those are the only things I get. The fact that it's byob is super nice too. I'm giving it 3 stars cuz I've been pretty unimpressed by the noodle dishes. But it's still one of my favorite places to eat on Baltimore ave.A friend and I were craving savory curries and delectable mango sticky rice so we grabbed a few bottles of vino and situated ourselves at Vientiane Cafe. The space is small, but clean and comfortable. The wait staff was extremely courteous and prompt with our orders and didn't try to charge us extra for uncorking. I got the yellow curry (which is Massaman to me) and my friend got the green. Both were generously portioned and colorful. I would have liked by curry a tad less runny, but it tasted quite good and had the right touch of sweetness. 
Needless to say, my friend and I ended up consuming a great deal of wine and lost track of time. We noticed the staff was closing, but they were really polite about it. They didn't say anything to us or passive aggressively thump around tidying up, they just waited patiently for our oblivious drunk selves to schlep our stuff and leave. I would definitely come here again because of the excellent service.Amazing food! I am obsessed with their Nam Salad. Although it is a tiny place, and very dim, I enjoy eating there. Their homemade sausages are delicious and full of flavor. I love their eggplant and duck rolls as well!
Definitely a good place to dine!Ok. Without fail, EVERYONE I mention this place to, LOVES it. It has amazing, flavorful food, and it's SUPER inexpensive. I think the lunch special, for example, is something like $10 for a 3 course meal. WHAT?! And dinner's not much more than that. The decor is cute and quaint, too, AND it's a BYOB. I recommend coming on the early side on the weekend, as I don't believe they take reservations, and it gets VERY crowded. However, beyond that, it's pretty fabulous. Definitely a huge fan!Not-so-good:
Small capacity increases wait
Service during peak times is slow
Prices are slightly more expensive than considered reasonable
Good:
Food (I am a vegan) is FANTASTIC!  Been here three times and have never had a bad dish!
Service is friendlyLet me just update this review because I've had a new experience with this Heavenly Eden. 
I had these lovely people and gifted cooks cater an event of mine. Not only were they ridiculously affordable AND generous with their portions -- huge trays of individually cupped mango sticky rice for 40 people, with extra "sauce" and a good amount of mango topping each one -- but they were so nice about everything! Incredibly helpful, lovely people (who give you free chopsticks and more!
I picked summer rolls, two entrees (one of which came with rice without me even having to ask for it), and a big dessert. Yum! The food was just as fantastic as it was in-house!A fabulous little gem in West Philly! I was back in Philly for the weekend, and this placewas the epitome of what I love about the food scene in Philly. 8 of us arrived with a reservation at 8 PM on a Saturdsy night, and we were able to have a little corner of the restaurant to not disturb others while we BYOed. The servers were so friendly, gave us pitchers of water so we wouldn't have to wait for someone to come over, and uncorked out bottles of wine happily. The food came out quickly, and the portions of food were large for the price. A nicer place to come for a nice night out, without spending exorbitant amounts of money. Go here for a date night or a BYO with friends!
ps the sticky rice is wonderful.Ordered Pad Thai, pineapple chicken and an order of wings as takeout..... yummy yummy yum! Next time I plan to dine in- it's very casual and chill insideBest Thai food I've had in Philadelphia, definitely recommend anyone who loves spicy food to check this place out!This is another gem in west philly.  The decor is better than average. The service is decent.  Food is good but not exceptional.  This is a place I would gladly take any family members or friends from out of town.Vientiane Cafe - oh I love you dearly. Not only do you always provide an affordable meal that all seem to enjoy - you are consistent, every dish is made to order, and OMG can you accommodate all food preferences!
This visit is bitter-sweet, as I am departing the Philadelphia area for a new career opportunity.
While I know I will be back from time-to-time, as I do have family in the area, I still can't just pop on over to one of my favorites when I need a good friend's couch to sit on. Because of all realistic measures, that is exactly what Vientiane is - a good friend's couch that you can come hang out in a laid back and chilled BYOB atmosphere.
It's that friend that makes you that big bowl of comfort food to help you celebrate the highs or to crush to lows... and for all of the amazing experiences I have had here - I thank you! I thank you for making eating out and being social a possibility for a gal who has multiple food allergies, is a bit of a food snob, and living on a budget. You are amazing and I will continue to spread the word that all of Philadelphia needs to come check out Vientiane, if they have not already!
This evening, we were seated and handed the revamp menu - which, is visually much more appealing. It is also helpful that this menu consists of GF (gluten-free) codes so I know what is and is not safe for me.
I ordered a good classic for a table share - Lao Porridge (jow-piek) or congee. It is a smooth and comforting bowl of heaven - not too many more ways to explain it.  It is a subtle dish with simple flavors meant to heal. Good thing I planned on sharing and that I ordered the large because the entire table went nuts over it. P.S I order it with the soft tofu rather than fried - it is just a preference, but I think it makes a world of difference.
Then, despite having a huge list of things I wanted to try (aka the casserole, Laab, any of their fried rice dishes, Banh-Xeo, a dessert, and more.....) I had to go out with the first dish I ever ordered.......
Drum roll please..... the King Soup - or as I like to describe it as a Pho with coconut milk and much more spice! We all know I love coconut, love a creamy dish, and we LOVE spice - so win was always written all over this dish! Oh, and did I mention that they can make it gluten-free, vegan and it comes in a GIANT bowl for under 15!?
A friend of mine did order the new dish, Bamboo Stew (gang-naw-mai) which is bamboo shoots mixed with pumpkin and mushrooms (very earthy) and served with their famous sticky rice. Note, while this dish is not marked gluten-free, I am sure that if you ask, they are able to modify it for us gluten-free folks! 
In conclusion, it has been real Vientiane Cafe and I will certainly be back to visit! In the meantime, keep making some more awesome additions to your menu and oh, if any of my readers try the other dishes on my wish list, PLEASE SEND ME REVIEWS!
Until next time.
Oh, and check out all my other reviews of Vientiane Cafe below:
http://gf-flamingo.blogspot.com/This was such a great experience. The staff were absolutely delightful, attentive and genuine. The food was ridiculously delicious and the prices were very low for such high quality. Our experience honestly couldn't be faulted. Thank you so muchThis is tied (with Sabrina's and Pico de Gallo and Le Bus' sandwiches) for my favorite food in Philly. As in, I have my birthdays here so I can eat all their desserts at once with a valid excuse. 
So food: I started off ordering whatever sounded funny to say out loud. La Na -- amazing dish, even better cold the next day! All their egg noodle dishes are especially delicious, though it's hard to outshine their Penang curry. Also, appetizers, wow. So fresh -- the veggies the sauces! And then...dessert. Best mango sticky rice ever. Best rice pudding. Chocolate banana spring rolls. Truly fantastic. (Also BYOB, with no corking fees!)
The spot itself is a bit out of the way for me, but there's a lot nearby, and it's not so bad a walk from CC in the end. Inside, it's cute, quaint and often packed, especially on weekends -- and they don't take reservations for parties fewer than 6. Final warning: cash only.Vientiane is always reliably good. My favorites are the pad kee mao and the eggplant sweet basil.The curry is soupy. The pad thai is too salty/saucy. I like that they have a lunch menu special, but it feels like they're catering to the "American" palate.Just one  word: authentic, just like you would find in a restaurant, market  or street stall  in Thailand or Laos.   Recomend the laos style papaya salad, (made correctly with fermented fish), beef jerky, larb nuea.   We didn't order from the menu, we just told the one of the owners what we wanted, a mixture of Thai and Laos dishes, delicious(seap) and a good value. Couple that with BYOB, outside table service, it makes for great dining experience.  The service comes straight from the owners, with warmth and from the heart. If you are weary of self-important posers that wait on you in other resaurants, then head here. Tired of watered down Asian food, then head to Vientiane Cafe. 
 My wife was born near Vientiane and has a culinary degree from Suan Dusit in Thailand, and she was so happy that I brought her here, because after a year, we finally found a restaurant that has  food that is as good as what we can make at home!The food was really good and it was great that they could make some dishes vegan.
The service was a little slow, but the staff was very nice.  The food was very tasty and the portions were larger than other thai restaurants I have been to.
We ordered the vegetarian naam salad, Thai Basil Tofu, and Pad Kee Mao Tofu. I'd order all 3 again. My favorite was the naam salad.Apparently I seem to be missing something. The positives to this place is that is is small, and quaint. A good place for a first date I guess, when you are too nervous to think about the quality of your food. It's also on a trendy, up-and-coming block in West Philly, so that might add to the popularity.
The food was simply average, the prices too high, and service almost non-existent. I was very disappointed in this place and won't go back.
I went there for lunch and got to the point where I started to wonder if the waiter had forgotten about me, and the other customers waiting. The soup was too salty, the dumplings too doughy and without enough "stuff" in them to give them flavor, and the chicken basil was too dry. The veggies just average. Since I mentioned the chicken basil I should add it wasn't even what I ordered. I ordered the shrimp. I didn't say anything, because a.) I was really indifferent about which of the four (veggie, shrimp, beef, chicken) I got, and b.) I didn't want it to be a hassle, and I certainly didn't want the wait to be even longer. So I didn't say anything. At the end, the waiter realized he gave me the wrong dish, and took 10% off the chicken price. Whatever. Had he appeared while I was eating to either refill my water, or ask me how my lunch was I would have said something and added, "no biggie, just don't charge me the higher shrimp price".
Mistakes happen, no problem. 
The prices are a few bucks higher than what they should be. If this place was in some generic suburban strip mall, I think most of the positive reviewers would trash this place, but since it is in a hipster neighborhood people say it's great. Sort of like the Seinfeld episode where George convinces attractive models that he once dated a now-deceased fellow model and thus gets "in the club". Women looked at George and said "well, since he dated one of us he must be a stud". Same deal here, put a place in a cool neighborhood and somehow people think the food tastes better. 
One last thing, this place does NOT take credit cards. Be warned. Don't get how in 2014 restaurants don't take credit cards.I love this cute little BYOB with Thai and Laotian dishes that pack a nice, flavorful punch.  We were here for UC Dining Days and the dishes were great.  I had the chicken satay app with the red curry chicken, and found both to be very good.  The satay was juicy and flavorful with a great peanut dipping sauce, and the curry was very solid although it wasn't very spicy.  I also had a few bites of the triple flavor tilapia in the sweet and sour sauce, and really like the crispy, pan-seared fillet combined with the garlicky sauce.  Will definitely have to get this next time.  Most restaurants like to fry the fillet when they make a sweet and sour dish but pan searing actually brings out the flavor more and gives that delicious crispy exterior without killing your arteries.  We finished off with the mango sticky rice and coconut rice pudding.  While the mango sticky rice was very good, I liked the coconut rice pudding more because I love all things coconut and this was a delicious coconut-based concoction.  If you are in the area this week, and need to grab a bite, definitely stop in for the $15 dining days special.  It's a great deal and the food is very good.  They also have homemade beef jerky at $6/order, which I couldn't resist getting to-go; while it wasn't as fantastic as my aunt's homemade jerky, the meat was very well-marinated and flavorful and great paired with the accompanying chili paste.  The ambiance is very cozy and the unique curry soup bowls add a nice touch.  Service was friendly but we did have to ask for water refills a few times.My favorite Thai BYOB in Philly! Lots of vegetarian-friendly options. Service is always great. Only downside is cash only.I could eat the Naam Salad every day for the rest of my life. The Paneng Duck is out of this world. They recently expanded into the adjacent building and for good reason. The food and atmosphere is perfect.Ordered pad Thai, pineapple chicken and an order of wings as takeout..... yummy yummy yum! Next time I plan to dine in- it's very casual and chill insideSome of the best Pad Thai that I've ever had! This is cool little restaurant in West Philly worth checking out.  Make sure you bring cash though!Small BYO. The restaurant is very very casual. The food was good. Nothing amazing. There was nothing that I said "wow! that is really good!" that would make me want to rush back. 
We went for UC dining days so $15 for three courses = a great deal. We ordered the crispy spring roll with pork (just ok), papaya salad (light and refreshing), tilapia, pad-kee-mao (tasty! nice medium level spice), and banana chocolate spring roll for dessert.  The highlight was the dessert! It was just the right amount of food. The service was good - they kept our water glasses full.    
For a cheap dinner, and byo, this place hits the mark.  But the food can't even compare to Trio in Fairmount.  I wouldn't rush to go back or go out of my way to go there, but I am glad I tried it.
Don't forget that this is cash only.  Our bill came to $32.40 before tip.I've been there three times now and have had a pretty different experience each time when it comes to food, so listen to the recs in other Yelp reviews. Bottom line: this is a fantastic local BYO spot.
Recommendations: coconut soup, Nom salad. They're awesome!!
Do not recommend the bbq Cornish hen. Totally underwhelming and dry.HEY LoOK HERE!!!! 
Please take the time to listen.  3 stars is just what it says A-OK which this place really is.  It's very clean and the service was great.  However I felt the portions were small.  You must understand I am a big eater I love to pretty much stuff my stomach until its full before the food even settles.  So.. If you are a normal eater the portions will be great however if you like to eat so fast and fall in love with every bite just order an appetizer and you will be fine.  Go ahead try it out, it's the only way you'll know.  Pad Thai is always a safe bet if you are unsure. Trust me.Had the yellow curry with shrimp and the sausages entree. Curry was pretty average good but tasted a little watered down. The sausages were also good but dry so make sure to eat them with the sauces they provide. Atmosphere was nice but service was poor. It was a Saturday evening so a little busy but there was no reason two of our party had to go up to the counter to ask for extra rice or water. Overall underwhelmed by this place given our curry was $16.I went here for a BYO a few months ago, but I figured I would give review it as I feel like it's often forgotten about in West Philly. 
I came with a group of about 8 people, and everyone enjoyed their food, even people who were a little bit unsure about Thai food. The service was great, and the place is open pretty late, and didn't kick my group out immediately after paying. Also, can I mention how insanely cheap Vientiane is? It was ~$7 per person in my entire group, including tip which is pretty insane.Excellent food. One of my favorite places to eat. The tofu King Soup is my favorite, I was delighted when that became a regular on their menu. Try to save room for dessert as all of their desserts are delicious!Delightful experience. We enjoyed a lot the food. The Pad Thai and the coconut soup are my favorite dishes. The banana and chocolate spring rolls are also amazing. Best BYOB in the area.My wife, daughter and I just love this place.  They always get something different.  I always get grilled mixed vegetables and sweet basil salmon.  The beef jerky is terrific too.  
Sometimes it's hard to get a table.  That's okay with us.  We love that they have so much business.  It's always worth the wail.Service is THE WORST! After placing my order for pickup and talking to someone who clearly shouldn't be answering the phone I already was a little ticked off. She had the biggest attitude as if I as bothering her by placing an order. I was told 15min wait. I get there 25mins later still not ready. 45mins later still not ready. I finally just gave up and left! Slow service while eating in, even slower with carryout!Best Southeast restaurant in Philadelphia. These folks started out in their backyard selling Pad Thai and three colors of Coconut Curry for three bucks a bowl till a fricken SWAT team shut them down. Now at three times the price the food is just as good with TONS of amazing veg options. Best bets: Tom Yum Soup (spicy and sour--a real sinus cleaner), Green Papaya Salad (nice and tart), Ban Xeo (rice flour pancake made with coconut milk and turmeric, veg version stuffed with mung bean sprouts and tofu), Yum Salad (crunchy and spicy), King's Soup (like a Pho noodle soup mixed with Red Coconut Milk Curry--wow!) Their desserts are fab, especially with a ginger tea, and be sure to try the Guava Candy you get with your check. Simply fab.This is one of my favorite Thai places in philly! I love their Pad Kee Mao, it was perfectly flavored and left me wanting more. 
The only thing is that it's not the cheapest dinner option, but the price is worth it. I am looking forward to trying everything else on the menu.Naam salad is our favorite appetizer here. My husband loves the shrimp pad kee-mao! I usually go for pad Thai. The staff is always friendly and helpful. This is definitely one of our go to BYOB places.This is the best Thai food I've ever had. Been coming for years. The coconut curries are fabulous. Also love pad kee mao. Byob and cash only but that keeps it cheap. Good place to make a good impression with great food and not go broke.I've been craving thai food for awhile now, and was very happy to have found this place.  Had tom yum soup, spring rolls and dumplings for appetizers, and the pad thai and red curry as entrees.  Overall, it was pretty good.  My only gripe was the lemon for the pai thai - that lost me on the authenticity right there.  It would have been so much better with a slice of lime - so the pai thai came out a little sweeter and not as tangy as I'm used to.We stopped in here for a weeknight dinner, and were pleasantly surprised.   It's BYOB (wish we had planned ahead).  My husband's Pad Kee Mao was tasty (leads us to believe they do Thai classics well), but we both agreed that the real star of the meal was the Vegetarian Nam Salad - a sticky marinated rice with a bunch of toppings served with lettuce wraps.  The flavors in this dish were exquisite and unique.I really should branch out and order something other than pad Thai, but I didn't have it in me, once again.  The pad Thai here is not my favorite I've ever had, but it's pretty good.  The vegetables were fresh and tasty and the noodles were nicely cooked, but I think it was just slightly lacking in flavor.  I ordered the medium level of spiciness and it just wasn't that memorable.
I also ate the papaya salad for an appetizer.  This was good, as far as papaya salads go.  I think I totally just miss what most people like so much about the consistency of the raw green papaya strands.  To me they are....ok.... but nothing that I crave or order of my own will.  Every time I've eaten it, it's because someone else wants to share it.  
The place itself is super cute and BYOB so you should check it out.  They are open until 10PM on weeknights, so it's convenient for late night dinner eaters.  Cash only!I've been here 2x, once with a group and once for an anniversary dinner. The food was pretty good, we mainly just wanted somewhere that was BYO. The reason why I only give them 2 stars is because of the atrocious wait staff. The first time I was there we had such a hard time flagging down our waiter for anything but assumed it was because they were somewhat busy (only about 60% full). The food also took forever!! The second time I went back with my boyfriend the food also took over 35 mins (and it was a monday night!). After we were finished eating I repeatedly asked for the dessert menu from 3 DIFFERENT WAITERS and yet none of them brought it! Finally after 25 mins of waiting for it  our waiter just brought us the check! Incredibly rude and inefficient. The food is good and the place looks cute, but not worth it.We eat at Vientiane all the time and often bring our friends and family here when they are visiting. The food is flavorful and delicious. Some dishes that you don't see on the menu at every Thai place. Service is hit or miss, but I've never had any problems. Fresh vegetable spring rolls are incredible. Laab is yummy. Steamed red bean dessert is like nothing you've ever had before. There's some ginger basil something rather that is probably my favorite thing there. We eat there a lot and I'm trying to work my way through the menu.
I've knocked them down a star because the spiciness level varies. That being said, I've requested my food Thai hot and, after an "are you sure?" from the server, was served an incredibly delicious super spicy meal. I have found that, unless you specify that you want it very hot, though, that the food will come out mild. That's certainly fine for a lot of people and they've probably done so to Americanize some of the authentic spicy dishes but just know to ask for it hot.
Since the recent renovation, the interior decor is much nicer and the cafe has doubled in size.
Lunch special is a great deal too!
NB: it's cash only, BYOB, and they don't take reservations.Ok New chief to me...been three months..maybe more since I have been here.. Sweet Thai basil with chicken has always been my stand-by love here. I have to say cudos to the new chief...by-far the best I've had here and have been coming here for 6 yearsWe've been here many times.  Only downside is that it's cash only.   If you are looking for Thai food that is more authentic than other places, go here!  I am told from my Thai friend that the food is more northern style Thai but I can't comment on that.  The place is clean and the service is good.  There's a large parking lot in the back.  Everything I've had there was good except the mango sticky rice dessert.  The mango was sour and hard. Other than that, the food great!  Try the Laab pork.  Soooo good!  We keep going back!  5 stars for sure!My boyfriend spent some time in Thailand and when we first started dating suggested this thai place across from his apt, I had never really eaten thai (save pad thai) but was too shy to say no.  but it's AMAZING.  I reccomend the sausages, the fresh spring rolls are good, the papaya salad was amazing, tilapia with curry, crazy stuff i had never tried before as well, and i loved every second of it.  It's also got that quirky west philly thing going on which makes it fun.  BYO for sure. A crisp white wine with your meal will make it even more enjoyable.My wife and I stopped in for dinner recently on a Saturday night and were pleasantly surprised with the food here. we actually meant to go to the vietnam cafe, which is around the corner but popped in here by accident. Its a pretty small place with the tables packed in tightly together so you can pretty much hear what everybody around you is talking about and it got pretty loud when the dining room filled up.
The servers were very attentive and friendly. I got the pad thai which I thought was fabulous but I've never had it before so I don't really have anything to compare it against. The amount of food for the price was great as well. My wife got the sweet thai basil shrimp and that tasted wonderful. She doesn't really like spicy food and they cooked it up sans spicy-ness with no fuss. Hers was a little smaller portion size, and it was perfect for her but might leave you wanting a bit more if you're a big eater.
The neighborhood was nice, with a major "portlandia" vibe lol. I would be careful about straying too far though because the area gets real sketchy if you go to far in the wrong directionI really don't know why I waited so long to try this place.  I really love Thai food and I normally go to Pattaya (which is also very tasty.)  My friends recently went there during University City Dining days and had a great experience so I was looking forward to trying it, too.  My opportunity came when my friend wanted to "go out" to celebrate her completion of the bar exam that day.  At first I thought she meant "go out" like to a crowded bar somewhere downtown but when her husband explained that we were going to Vientiane Cafe I was more than happy to tag along.  I think one of the reasons I had never gone there was that it doesn't look like anything special from the outside, so I was surprised to see just how large it was inside when we got there.  The ambiance was nice.  I felt like we could be ourselves, talking about the "bag lady" at the bar, and be boisterous without being awkward.  But it was still quiet enough to enjoy a more relaxing meal.  
We had a group of 7 of us and they easily and quickly accommodated us.  Between the seven of us I think we all ordered either the Panang Curry or the Pad Thai.  Both were delicious but the panang curry was truly something special.  I really don't know how they made it so good but it was SO good.  It makes me mouth water just thinking about it now.  One thing I will say, though, is that the spice levels really don't matter at all.  The have a scale of 1 to 5 with 5 being the spiciest.  I got a 4 and most of the others got 2, however they all tasted the same, which was not so spicy.  Normally I would have been really upset that it wasn't very spicy but the flavor was so good I didn't even care.
On the downside, prices were pretty high and the service was only so-so.  Also, they are cash only which I find really weird and inconvenient.  With that said, the deliciousness will definitely draw me back again!Don't order fish cake otherwise you want something in unreasonable price.   4 small pieces which cut in half for 6.69$.  What's an expensive appetizer.   I'm really disappointed!!!!  Overall other dishes seem cheaper when comparing to fish cake, but the taste are good.Vientiane's food was good but it wasn't the best Thai food I'll ever had. I will say that it's appetizers are really good but the entree's were definitely just average.
Plus points for it being a very charming and well-decorated place. 
I came here during lunch and had one of their lunch special. (3 courses for $10.95). 
Good Appetizers: Coconut Soup, Tom Yun Soup, and the Chicken Appetizer
Mediocre Appetizer: Steamed Pork Dumplings (this definitely came out of a bag you can buy at a Chinese 
Good Entree: Pad See Ew (drunk noodles). If you like spicy food, definitely get add a spice level to it. They add a lot of onions, broccoli, and other vegetables into their interpretation. 
Please avoid the Pad Thai. I'm not sure what everyone was raving about, but the Pad Thai was very dry and tasteless. It didn't blend well with the vegetables.Came here for University City Dining Days. Service was friendly and attentive. Dinner service is candle lit and dimly lit. Very romantic. $16 for a one piece crispy spring roll, regular entree sized curry, and a mango rice pudding. Great bang for your buck. Curry was significantly better than what I had over at Erawan, less coconuty and more aromatic. If you're looking for a place to grab a bite to eat during UCDD, come here.Pretty eh experience here. I stopped by for dining days one night to try the 3 course option for $15. I chose the fresh spring rolls, Pad kee mao with chicken (+$1), and the mango sticky rice. Portions were small and relatively skimpy. Service was slow and servers were hard to get a hold of. I asked for the noodles to be "very spicy" but they came incredibly mild, no spice at all. I didn't bother to send them back since we had already been waiting a while. Pretty subpar experience, I would't go back. Cash only.Great, authentic southeast asian food. Consistently great quality. Good service and a decent amount of seating although you might want to make a reservation on the weekends. The prices seem to be between 13-15 for an entree... It can add up especially with appetizers. BYOB. I love the pad kee mao.Showing love for my neighborhood Laotian / Thai restaurant. This place is really cute and has good food. Great for a date night. BYOB!
I've been here a number of times, as it is within walking distance from my house. The food is a good mix of authentic Laotian food and somewhat Americanized Thai food (which is why I'm giving it 4 stars). I tend to love places that remain true to their roots, which is why I was hoping that some of the dishes I ordered here weren't so Americanized. Either way, I love this place and highly recommend it as a date spot or a place to take your friends when they're visiting you in town. Friendly service. Reasonably priced.