Found this place because the place I originally wanted to go was closed, but I am actually really glad I found this place. The broth was really good and the service was very good too. The portion was really large which I was very surprised and there were a lot of meat as well I literally had meat in each bite of my noodle and had a hard time finishing it. Definitely recommend this place!In a word, lame. I decided to try this place because it was new. I ordered summer rolls and the House Special Vermicelli. Both were totally forgettable. The Vermicelli platter had small portions of lousy meat, fried spring rolls, and 3 or 4 small shrimp. The portions were small and the taste was mediocre. 
There are far better options for Vietnamese food on 11th & Washington or around the corner at Vietnam.i ordered delivery.  I was 3 blocks away but beat after a very long (16 hour +) day at work (i also have difficulty walking)...  it took an hour and a half.  the summer rolls were good.  the lemonade was good.  the tofu hoagie... i don't know if it's good or not because it was covered in fish sauce when i ordered it vegetarian.  so it went right in the trash.  similarly, the vermicelli with tofu - which i ordered with peanut sauce... came with fish sauce instead (on the side).  so i ate it with no sauce.  it was, not surprisingly, totally bland.  next time i am stuck in a hotel and hungry, i will call someone else - don't order from them if you want to actually get what you orderStopped in here on a Friday night because I wanted warm soup on a cold day and was on a time crunch. The workers we're sitting at a table in the back and handed us menus. Someone came from the back room and entertained our questions and we placed our order that was ready in about 5 min. The food was good. But don't go there expecting anything of the ambience. It served its purpose for meI consider myself a Pho-addict. I love this place, and I love the gentleman that owns/runs the establishment. Every time we go in we are like family, and the food is always delicious. Get a lychee drink too!!!!!Went here last night with a group after a long drunk night out.
I got noodles with beef, shrimp, and spring rolls.. it was pretty awesome. My bf got noodles with pork which he said was good. Everyone at the table liked what they got although I don't remember what they ordered.
It was fast, cheap, and good.I was in town for a conference and was staying in Chinatown for a couple nights and found this place on Yelp. Came here late night around 1AM and it was cool to see at least 3 tables occupied. Q was the guy who helped me out as I was undecided and my hungry stomach wanted more than I should really eat... Q was so nice and helped me figure out what to get. I was craving some soup because it was cold and rainy, but really wanted to try the bahn mi because it sounded awesome. I was so lucky because Q suggested the sandwich and was so nice and gave me a small container of soup! It was perfect and exactly what I needed!  
Super nice and they accept credit card for my order that was under $10. When I'm back, I will definitely get that sandwich again. It was delicious and gigantic and the soup hit the spot! Thanks so much Q! 
Definitely recommended! =)Their Bun Bo Hue is good, very spicy and tasteful.  Everything else is very blend.  Pork chop is burnt.Very friendly service. Clean space. Excellent beef stew. The pork Bahn Mi was amazing. Highly recommend that. The price is right at $6 as well. On the down side, the shrimp pho was adequate though the shrimp was unfortunately way overcooked.it's the cold weather...i've been on a pho kick lately...
what was ordered = shrimp spring rolls, beef and brisket pho, and the beef sauteed in lemongrass with rice. 
their portions are large and the first thing i noticed was how clean the food looked. the mint leaves weren't wilted and the sprouts were fresh. overall, the pho was ok but there were a few things i didn't like about it. the meat was already in the broth. i don't like when they do that...i get why they do that though - to make sure the meat is fully cooked. anyways, the lime slice was dry. wassup with these pho places and dry limes? lol i also thought the broth was just ok. the noodles were cooked perfectly though, not soggy. 
the beef sauteed in lemongrass with rice came with a good portion of meat, rice, and fish sauce. this was def better than the pho and highly enjoyed.
the shrimp summer rolls were pretty standard but very clean and came with plenty of peanut sauce. yumm...
prices are on the high side. both entrees are about $12 each and the summer rolls (2) are $6. there are plenty of other pho houses, esp. in chinatown worth checking out but this place is ok and they're open late.Visited again after they revamped their menu.  The bun rieu was very very tasty.  The stars are for that dish alone.  I have heard their bun bo hue is good, too, but haven't had a chance to try it.the bun rieu is tits
the bun bo hue is a fat booty
and everything else is banging. This overtakes all of c-town as my top spotHonestly, I didn't ever really want to try Vietnam House.  Boyfriend and I tend to stay away from  the less-than-impressive Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown and grouped this place together with the others, so.
It wasn't until recently, when I didn't bring my lunch to work and was craving for home-style Vietnamese food.  I read Linh Q's review about the bot chien (fried rice cake with eggs with sweet soy sauce) and had to try it.  For $5.50, it's pretty good.  Although the portion is on the smaller side, it can almost compare to my momma's.
I also tried the bun rieu and boyfriend tried com thit nuong dac biet last night.  To-go was neat and not messy.  Bun rieu to-go portion was HUGE.  The noodles to broth ratio was definitely off, but I managed to have enough broth for the insane amount of noodles -- which I split into two meals, by the way.  Bun rieu wasn't as good as I expected it to be... definitely had a fish sauce or fishy crab meat smell, couldn't tell.  My momma's bun rieu is still the best in my book.  As for the com thit nuong dac biet, the boyfriend liked it.  He said that the portions were proportionate (read:  he wasn't that hungry though), but it would have been more enjoyable with a fried egg on top... which, I'm sure you can ask for if fried eggs are your thing.
Space is small, but has a home-y, cafe type feel.  The Vietnamese guy who took my orders both times was very friendly.  Prices seem to be relatively cheaper than other Vietnamese restaurants around Chinatown, but I assume portions are a tad bit smaller.  
I'll go back for the bot chien and com thit nuong dac biet, but not so sure about the noodle soup options.I am Vietnamese, from little saigon in southern california (check my reviews), and have been eating pho since I was a zygote in my mothers womb. Vietnam house is my go to spot for Viet food in chinatown. I've been to most of the other pho places in the area and none are on the same level as vietnam house in terms of taste and authenticity. The broth is hearty and flavorful and the portions plentiful. The food always come out in a timely manner and everything is served in a friendly, never rude, way. I dont understand why others are giving this place such negative reviews, maybe it's because they are getting the vegetarian pho, obviously, you shouldn't be doing that buddy. cash only. 
also try their bun bo hue, its greatAddicted to this place! I love their 221 Bun Thit Bo Xao Xa ( Rice Vermicelli with Beef Sauteed with Lemongrass). The beef is always moist and perfectly spiced. Not too spicy so you can alway add sriracha. Expect the noddles to be cold because it is typically served this way.
Their Vegetable pho is perfect for those cold snowy days.
Nice place to get a quick lunch.
Good Service!Place is alright nothing to get real excited about the guy was kind of a douche to me but whatever I like the food that guy just irritated me, maybe it was a bad day for him but don't take it out on a hungry guy ten times your size and then get mad when I only order one thing like how much did he want me to spend just for me like my one sandwich was a waste of his time.  Not my fault he's an a**hole I was going to bring ppl from work there but no instead if I were you I'd go to Jin Wei on the same streets maybe like ten steps away you will have the best meal in all of Chinatown for "Fi dolla"Vietnam House just saved my life right now. After a while day of traveling my mother and I ate no lunch or dinner and when we finally made it to the hotel it was 1am. The guy on the phone was super nice even though I called back about 5 times when I had technical issues with Internet connection ordering the delivery online. Also, he delivered to us at 1:45 am and I am finally eating.New the to the city, I've had to kiss a lot of frogs to find good Pho. Vietnam House offers authentic Pho that has not been watered down for the masses. If you're looking for ambiance this is NOT the spot for you but if you're a true foodie and want good Pho leave your credit card for this cash only place.Service is bad. I order food from here like every week and spend at least $50.00 and they have the nerves to ask me to hook the driver up. What!!! They have the nerves to call and ask me to tip the driver the last time I check tipping was a option so if you order from there make sure you tip the driver because there going to call and tell you toI would give it 3 stars, but the awkward silence while eating was unbearable. It's hard not to compare when choochoo's (Pho Xe Lua) is right next door..
I had the rice platter with BBQ pork, which was decent enough. Meat was somewhat over cooked, although it did come out rather quickly. Decent portion. Decent place. Horrible atmosphere.The pho was excellent, one of the most flavorful broths I have tasted! I do wish there was more greens in the pho, but it was good. 
I wasn't so much of a fan of the pork egg rolls, but overall it was good and I would probably go back.Came here for a late lunch. I got the well done beef pho, and it was excellent. Large portions, the beef was tender, and the broth was very flavorful. Left with change in my pocket, and a full stomach. Very clean interior, and pleasant staff.This place is decent if you're craving pho on a late Friday or Saturday night, since they open till like 3 am. The food was good, just what I needed at 12 am, it came out fairly quick too.It was a late meal after midnight. I was craving the com suon Dac Biet. Ordered it togo and there wasn't much they put in the box. One piece of pork and not that much pork skin. Really was not impressed at all but the price was fair.  Also had to wait for 15mins but that's usual anywhere.I went to this placed based on a glowing review from one of the weekly newspapers. I waited for my sister visiting from Ohio to try this place.   It was the worst Vietnamese food I have ever eaten.   It was pure garbage!  First of all,  they advertise on Yelp that they take credit cards.  They do NOT.  It is cash only.  The Cha Gio rolls were awful.   They were very pale and small and tasty lousy.  That set the tone and I hated everything else.  I was thoroughly embarrassed with my sister.Their rice cake with eggs under appetizer is my favorite since you don't find it any other Vietnamese restaurant. I still think my mom makes better ones than this place though, nevertheless if I crave for some and can't get my mom to make it I would definitely come here for some. I would've given it a 4 star if the portion was a bit bigger for the fried rice cakes. The bun rieu is not bad but I've had better. We got two orders of bun rieu and order of fried rice cakes all for about $20 pretty reasonable I would say.Was in the area after a long and tiring day of Made in America festival. Hungry and it was late so my group decided to come here since it was one of the few spots that was open. Let me tell you, the chicken noodle pho was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. Reason for 3 stars is the lack of customer service. The man seemed to be working alone and was very stressed, which is understandable, but don't make your customers feel as if they're a bug or a burden to you. Felt totally unwelcomed. Other than that, delicious food and affordable.Absolutely delicious.  I go to Hanoi regularly and live in NYC and this place has amongst the best Vietnamese food I've had.Me and my friend's came in at 9:45 pm and they said they didn't mind keeping it open (closing time 10 pm),  we told the guy (ANDY) we would leave if it was too close to closing time but he was happy to keep it open for us. I got the lemon grass beef over some noodles.  The serving size was huge and tasty.  I have a giant appetite and it was very filling.  In my meals I look for a good balance of carbs, proteins and veggies and this had just that (more protein for me since i am very active).  My favorite place in chinatown now.  Great food, great service and great price.The phrase a hole in the wall has never been more accurate then when going to this restaurant. The service was well terrible. The ill mannered waitress came to meet us to only grumble as she took our order. The food was well extremely subpar. I went with some friends and family to find that dish water soap would be a better alternative to pho. One of my friends tried to be ambitious and got a Vietnamese hoagie. The hoagie was a mix of spam and mystery meat and a single onion. The vibe of this place reminded me of a mix of a dmv an a school cafeteria. I would NOT eat here unless you really want a bad enduring experience.I will admit, I only came into this place because choo choo was closed for vacation. I wanted summer rolls and I needed to have them right then. 
The summer rolls and the peanut sauce was underwhelming to say the least.  It really wasn't as good and it was more expensive than the place next door which is better which makes it drop major points. 
I like that they allowed me to order broken rice with tofu ( they only had meat versions on menu) . This too, was underwhelming. But not bad. Basically I'd eat it again but I would prefer not to pay for it. 
I'll stick to my choo choo obsession.The broth and noodles were good but the meat was almost all fat. i wouldn't 
get it again.  But the milkshakes  were really good.Pho, banh mi and com tam (broken rice) are the pillars of South Vietnamese cuisines. These are the dishes I grew up with and the stable in which I judge a Vietnamese restaurant, given they offer all three. So where do you find these three? At 1 in the morning? Vietnam House that's where! Unlike most places that open late, the food here is actually amazing. The hoagies are fresh and crunchy through the night. They even make pate in house! How many banh mi place can even claim this? The pho is packed with flavor and is up there with he best in Philly. The surprise hit here is actually the broken rice with pork chops. This is on par with what I have in Vietnam! The pork chops are super tender and flavorful, and yes you read correctly, that's pork chops. Two come with an order. The fat on the pork chop is grilled to a crisp, the honey marinate caramelizes it, making it taste like candied bacon. The sauce for the rice is also on point, it's sweeter, akin to what you would get in Vietnam. While this is enough to win anyone over for their midnight muchies, Vietnam House also offer one of the best bun bo Hue in the city. This is probably one of the hardest soup noodle to do right. The broth here is very authentic. When you first take that sip, the aroma of lemon grass in slow cooked beef broth and chilli oil just brings you home. The meat is fresh and well seasoned. Unlike pho, the beef in bun bo Hue is stir fried in lemon grass and seasoning before going in the broth, which adds a layer of flavor to your noodle soup. Come here anytime of the day and get an amazing meal. The restaurant recently renovated so it's actually a bit nicer looking too, adding icing to the cake :).They charge $2 for sriracha and $2 hoisin sauce that supposed to come with Pho.
Glad I didn't order that $2 white onion.
It is like charging extra for ketchup, mayonnaise, and lettuce on your fries / sandwich.
And the amount of sriracha and hoisin sauce they gave is way too little.
Food is mediocre, overcharging for small amount of sauces is ridiculous.
2 stars because I was starving.We ended up here because the place we had planned to go to was closed for a looong vacation. Nonetheless it was pretty decent. Portions were big & prices were reasonable. The beef pho came piping hot & the sliced beef was rare - the way I like it. Pork chop & rice was delicious, more so than the pho. Pork was perfectly seasoned grilled with grilled marks - a good sign that the chef cares. Overall a pretty good place to grab a quick bite.This place is off to a rough start.  I would not recommend the pho -- the broth had an odd spicing, and there was nothing really tasty about it.  My friend had the bun rieu (sp.?), a crab and tomato soup that was not listed on the menu.  She gave it high marks.  It certainly looked much better than my pho, and a taste or two of the broth made me wish I'd ordered that instead.  Good luck Vietnam House, but you're going to have to improve your game.I have only eaten here once (our usual place is Pho Xe Lua, right next door). My boyfriend and his coworkers love this place for lunch, they say it's usually pretty crowded and the food is good. I agree that the food is good. The Pho and spring rolls I had were very tasty. And the meat in the beef pho was nice and lean. The service was also quick. 
But when we went in for dinner that night it was empty and awkward. There were only a few asian people there and it felt like we walked into their living room and interrupted while they were eating dinner. We got strange looks from them and the waitress, who didn't seem to speak much english and actually got our order wrong at first. Once that was cleared up, there was this old guy who just kind of watched us eat. We asked a waiter if we were there at a bad time and he said "no, no problem, don't worry." So, I think maybe we just ended up there at an odd hour...after the dinner rush, but before the after-the-bar crowd. It got a little more relaxed once we were there for a little while. 
All in all, I would have preferred to go next door to Pho Xe Lua. I'm not sure if we will try eating at Vietnam House again, or just get take-out next time. My boyfriend still loves to go there for lunch during work, he says the experience is completely different at lunch...I've only ordered through grubhub so this reflects my delivery experience! They're always ahead of the delivery time and the delivery man is THE NICEST delivery man in Philadelphia! He always has such a nice smile and is incredibly patient.Decent late night option. Philly lacks in late night spots for food, especially Asian food. I'm not one for greasy sandwiches or pizza so I know that especially limits my options. We came here after midnight on a weekday. I ordered the Pho and boyfriend got the pork chop rice platter. Everything was... okay. The pho broth was a bit oily, and they were out of most of the herbs but it did the job. I think I would definitely venture to other places for my viet food fix during regular business hours, but this is a decent late night option to have.3.5 stars from me. 
Pros: Open late, flavorful broth, meat quality
Cons: Price
We ventured for some late night pho around midnight on a Saturday. It wasn't crowded at all so we grabbed a seat right away. The prices are a bit to swallow as I'm used to paying about half of the $12 price tag for a bowl of soup but we were already there and craving pho so we went with it. 
The broth is has a pretty hearty beef flavor and is very tasty over all. It's not really cloudy which led is to believe that they don't use MSG. The quality of the meats they use really shines through which justified the price for us. Also, the fried spring rolls were very good. I would definitely recommend.The two stars are for the service, which was very good. The food, by contrast, was dull. There was little flavor and the "crab" was pressed and dyed white fish. The spring rolls were filled with a tasteless gray pork. For Vietnamese food it was lacking in herbs, seasoning and vegetables. There are many better places to get good Vietnamese food.I can't give this anything more than it deserves. The food here is decent but totally overpriced, the place looks like it's stuck in 1990 compared to Terakawa next door. Went here for dinner and a pho cost us $15(with tip and tax). The waiter took forever and there was pretty much nothing special on the menu. The food is a 3 star but with the subpar service, lack of food choices, overpriced items and lull atmosphere Id only consider take out and never dine-in again.The Chef's bun bo Hue (Spicy beef noodle) is one of the best I've had! Highly recommend if you want to try some other noodle besides Pho.Heck yeah 5 stars! The most amazing real durian smoothie ever, great Pho and other soups oh man I love it! So friendly! Cool atmosphere and BEST PRICES ON THE BLOCK.
Sadly I live in TX so I cant go there as often as I like :(The food here is FABULOUS! I have ordered from here more than once via Grub Hub and I have never been disappointed. Fresh, flavorful and delish! It takes a while for them to get here but it is always worth the wait!Vietnam House is a brand new, just opened, noodle place at the NW corner of 9th and Race. It's where the New Harmony Cafe used to be. The food is decent, but they've got tough competition, since they are literally located right next to Pho Xe Lua (the choo choo train place), which has pretty awesome pho. So honestly, I don't think they'll do great, aside from the fact that they're open on Wednesdays and Pho Xe Lua isn't. Their portions are fairly generous, though the meat just doesn't taste quite as good as choochoo train's tastes. They're brand new so I'll cut them some slack, but they have some misprints on the menu. The #15 spicy pho bowl says it comes with bread. It did not. And when asked about it, the servers and staff just claim that it was a mistake on the menu, so too bad. There wasn't an apology. It was just.. too bad.
They also have your expected vermicelli and rice dishes, and appetizers like spring rolls.
The total for 4 bowls and spring rolls was ~$26 (including a 10% off for grand opening). Cash only.
On any given day, aside from Wednesday, I'll probably just go next door.This is a nice restaurant for when it's too cold outside and you want to order in. I got an order of the Chicken Pho with some shrimp spring rolls which were delicious. Delivery time does take a while so order well in advance of when you're hungry so you're not left waiting.I had driven by the grand opening signs for this restaurant long enough to develop an urging to try their pho. Started off with summer rolls that had shrimp and avacado in them ( an interesting addition to summer rolls, but delicious none the less). Their peanut dipping sauce for them was good as well.
For main courses we tried the beef brisket pho. I think their pho was extremely delicious. The bowl was big, and the broth was darker and most vietnamese restaurants in the city and also more flavorful. My mouth is watering a little bit just recollecting the memory.We visited Vietnam House first time today, and the food is awesome! I have to say it sells the best vietnamese food (actually they are most like South East Asian food) in center city Philly, and the price is so fair. The Crab Paste with Tomato Sauce Rice Noodle is a must try. I am a "small eater," but I finished the whole bowl of that noodle soup today! My husband ordered Pho Thai, and he said that one is awesome too. I don't understand why some of the reviewers gave such very low rates on yelp, but for average $6 for a noodle soup, they are really good.I've only been here once but I still close my eyes and fantasize about the massive pork chops that just tickle you all over. I wish they were a woman so I could date her. The portions are so generous and I love the way the pork leaves its kiss on the rice. The pork spring rolls are definitely good as well. This place is my new pork mistress.worst attitude ever, i called them right after i sent order because i changed my phone number, they say if the number is wrong they dont delivery even i called them right after i ordered. then i was being patient telling them the number. then they said with very bad attitude "i will only call once, if noone pick up i will leave and you will be charged! " i said ok call me when food is here. they said" you know what just cancel the order!"  
this is not the first time!  i am very angry with this pice of shit restaurant. i suggest eat24 stop working with this restaurant!
very bad attitude!!! no responsibility!!!  if anyone like pho go other restaurant!!!!I had their chicken Pho, which was fresh and tasty but could have used more fresh greens.  I also ate their avocado summer roll, which was lovely but the sauce had no flavor.  I will still eat the food at V.H. another time and plan to try other items.  Since the ingredients were so fresh, they still get four stars. I'd rather eat fresh and slightly bland, than crap from a can or box with flavor.This is one of my favorite places to grab lunch or dinner. The pork chops are delicious. I also enjoy their pho. We used to go elsewhere for Vietnamese food, but once we ate here we stuck with this place because their food is great and they also have a higher level of service in comparison to some of the other restaurants in Chinatown.I was on my way to get ramen, but veered off in the direction of Vietnam House after seeing a sign in their window advertising Pho.  The restaurant was empty when I walked in.  I ordered the Summer Rolls w/ Avocado, and the Veggie Pho.  The summer rolls were good, but the shrimp was a little bit fishy for my taste.  The bowl of Pho that came out was gigantic.  The veggies in the Pho were old mushrooms, green beans, a LOT of cabbage, and a few carrots.  The was an abundance of thin noodles.
The atmosphere is ok, a tad bit stark for my taste.  The server was attentive enough...  The problem came when I needed to use the restroom-yes-after getting half way through my bowl of Pho.  
The restroom was disgusting.  The toilet seat was up so I got to see how unclean everything was, a rag thrown on the floor, and yeah, well... just really gross.
I got the remainder of my soup to go, and promptly threw it in the nearest trash can upon leaving.  
With so many other delicious noodle places surrounding this place, it serves me right for having the nerve to decide on this one.  Shame on me!  OhhhhhHHH the humanity.
Buh-bye, Vietnam House.Great little nook in Chinatown when you're feeling the need for some Vietnamese. They're also open until 3 am on weekends. 
This place is your prototypical no-frills Asian eatery- complete with laminate tabletops, a blaring TV, and some pretty merciless fluorescent lighting.  They do, however, serve up some pretty amazing comfort food, which is why I've come back several times. 
Pork or Regular Bahn Mi:
You don't want to walk out of here without one of these.  One of the best I've had.  The bread is insane, and they put just the right amount of meat, Pate, and sauce inside.  If you eat at the restaurant instead of takeout, it's served warm!
Beef Brisket Pho:
Another winner. The broth is amazing! You can tell they let this stuff simmer for ages. So many layers of bold flavors and textures swirling around- crunchy green onions, tender beef, and soft rice noodles. Definitely throw on some sprouts, hoisin, and fresh lime juice!Due to a horrible uber driver me and a friend landed here because we was starving and cold And have had a bowl in forever we decided to go in there I ordered the steak bowl my friends got the veggie bowl ihonestly have no complaints it was not crowded at the time we was there so we got to eat and chat without feeling rushed. We will more likely returnWe went there as a group of 6 around midnight. Service was quick and efficient. The pho was what most of us ordered. It is solid and we enjoyed it. Nothing out of the world, but great for a late night snack especially finding a place that is still open late at night :-)My boyfriend and I have frequented Vietnam House since we moved here. It's our go-to spot for quick, cheap, but always delicious eats in the city. Our usual dish is Pho Tai and contrary to other reviews, we always find the broth to be flavorful and the ingredients hearty. Recently we've tried the pork chops and a vermicelli dish with beef - both were very good, and best of all, cheap! We're always shocked by how much food we get for the price. The service is also always on point. The same guy seats us and takes care of us everytime and is friendly while not being overbearing. The free jasmine green tea at dinner time is a nice touch, too. Go here! Just remember to bring cash.Awesome Vietnamese restaurant! They have all the good stuff, banh bot chien (fried rice cake with eggs), Bun Rieu (tomato based crab soup), and of course good Vietnamese staples like Pho and Bun.I loved this place, but got food poisoning after a delivery of rice and beef vermicelli. I had never had a problem prior. :(Pretty much the best pho in Philadelphia. I've only ever had delivery from here, but I order about once a week! lol The only downsides are that they're a little pricey (especially for delivery), they don't open until 4 pm (a total struggle when you're hungover on a Sat or Sun and all you want is some pho), and the delivery is almost always late (but I live far away so I typically understand). But the best part is that the taste of their broth toooootally makes up for it!A corner restaurant on Race and 9th, the Vietnam House is an average restaurant in Chinatown. The place looks a little rundown and has pretty plain decor. I ordered the Pork Chop Pho from here to go and they put the pork chops in a styrofoam box while they were  still extremely hot so come of the sauce burned through the box. They also forgot the sauce for the Pho in there too. 
The meal itself was pretty good. The pork chops were delicious in the Pho, but they didn't give a lot of noodles with it.My number one choice for Pho place...right next to the Chew Chew but I perfer this one over the other since their portion is slighty bigger! :)I ordered delivery last night and I won't be doing that again. The food took 1 1/2 to arrive and it was cold. We ordered two chicken pho's and egg rolls. The egg rolls were cold and tasted mediocre. I only are half the soup, I couldn't eat it all because it lacked flavor.I got the charbroiled pork bahn mi and it was just mind blowing. I can honestly say I've never had such a delicious sandwich.Had their grilled pork chop and boiled chop meat combo platter, soooo good! Pork chop was seasoned right, price is even better. Left the place full and satisfied. Will definitely be back!Tasty beef and brisket pho and Vietnamese pork chops! Get your fill before catching a Chinatown bus to New York. Healthy portions from a very sweet manager!Like at least one of the other Yelpers, I came here after being defeated by Terakawa's seemingly long lines (even when it's 930pm). I also took a Yelper's advice to try the Bun Rieu, instead of the usual pho. It's a tomato-based soup noodle with rice vermicelli, and I really liked the subtle, refreshing flavors of the tomato/crab paired with the crab paste (it's basically a crab cake that kinda resembles chunks of ground meat). It's a really nice alternative pho if you're looking for a lighter feeling noodle soup that still retains richness of flavor, and the food came super quickly so it's perfect for a quick meal on a cold day.Come to philly once a year.  Great late night option for anyone looking for a quick bite to eat.Been coming to this one restaurant most of the time I visit Philly but small shrimp that are so over cooked the taste like shrimp bubble gum gross !  Time to search for a new healthy but satisfying place any suggestions?Three words can explain this restaurant: WORST PHO EVER!  Seriously, you call yourself Vietnam House and you can't even get the simplest Vietnamese dish right, disgraceful.  The bowl was tiny (no choice of size), the broth was bland, and the waiter refused to serve my raw beef on the side (he insisted that I had to have it served in the broth). I would not recommend this place for anything.  My wife and I eat a lot of Vietnamese food everywhere we go, and we both agreed this was the worst we've ever encountered.  So sad.  The decor is nice and the waitstaff is competent, but those are the only positive remarks I can give this place.  I recommend going to any of the other Vietnamese places in the neighborhood, but avoid this one.I love this place. We order from here frequently and are always pleased with our meals. Some of our favorites are the grilled shrimp and vermicelli, broken rice with pork chop, summer rolls and the charbroiled chicken thigh broken rice. The Vietnamese hoagie is also delicious and a cheap option at only $5. I was worried it would be small given the price but it was about the size of a footling at subway and way more satisfying. We also get the Vietnamese iced coffee which is strong and delicious! Delivery isn't free, but it always arrives very fast. Highly recommend.Hmmm, how will I start. It is the day after the snow that I got a taste for pho. I open app  Ubereats and found Vietnam House. First thing I noticed was the prices, it is definitely a bit on the higher end. That got me iffy, because it is like a gamble with new restaurant. But yelpers reviews had me finally decided giving them a try.
I had made a request of no onions, basil leafs, and beansprouts, but where is the cilantro and the scallions??? I LOVE cilantro, and without it the soup taste bland. Reason for the 2 stars, it got plenty of meat and tendons in the soup. Most other places don't give you a lot when it comes to the tendons, so I was very happy about that. In addition, I asked for extra broth (thinking it would be delicious but), they throw in a additional container without extra charges.It's really between a 2 and 3 for me. I've only been here once, and I'm not sure I'd be back; yet a measly 2 star feels unnecessarily harsh. This was the first place I found bun rieu in Philly since I've moved here. I was beyond excited to see it on the menu. Unfortunately they did it pretty wrong. It was still a clear broth, only they sliced in the fixin's for a bun rieu (crab meatball, fried tofu, tomato) instead of the regular pho fare (onions, sliced beef, tripe etc). The plate of vegetables that came with the bun rieu were also for the regular pho (basil, bean sprouts, jalapeno slices, and limes) and not the bean sprouts and shredded cabbage mix traditionally served with bun rieu. It made for a disappointing experience. 
Since my visit I've found variations of bun rieu at two other Vietnamese restaurants. Neither rendition was exactly like what I have grown accustomed to in So Cal, but both were significantly better than what Vietnam House presented. 
I went with my dad because I knew they had Hainan Chicken, which is a favorite of his. He ended up ordering the BBQ pork chop broken rice plate because it was on special (he can never say no to a deal). It was a good deal for a plate full of food for 4.50. The flavors were mediocre, but at least they were recognizably what they purported to be unlike my bun rieu. 
I think at some point I might go back to try the Hainan Chicken. I'm using to having this chicken dish at Chinese restaurants, but it seems they are only to be found in restaurants serving southeastern Asian cuisines here in Philly. Hopefully, when I do find my way back, the chicken won't disappoint.
The table and menus were sticky. Water or ice had a flavor/smell. These wouldn't deter me from an establishment if they happened to serve some heavenly, mouthwatering, crave-it-in-my-sleep food, but Vietnam House hasn't done that for me yet, so, a little icky.I noticed their early reviews are crappy but they were getting their stuff together. Now this small place is my favorite Vietnamese place. Their pho is very tasty yet doesn't leave you the thirsty feeling like most MSG loaded pho places which is hard to do and impressive. Also they have some unique chef special soups that are a delicious change from the regular pho. My wife loves their BBQ pork with broken rice. Their spring rolls can be bigger but they are pretty cheap. People there are nice too, very attentive services. Try their durian smoothie if you feel adventurous. It's so rich and delicious. Great joint!Stopped here for a late lunch because Terawaka Ramen next door had a 2-hr wait. Um, no thanks. Even my lust for ramen could not stand a 2-hr wait. I brushed past all the 20-something sheep in line all texting and shivering from the cold, and headed for the nearest tasty-looking Asian place without any wait. Vietnam House fit the bill!
Great prices! Everything I saw was under $10 and the portions were big. I did want the pho but since I always get that, I ended up with their 3-way pork bun cha. It was so good and flavorful. Service was fast, the tea was delicious, hot and free and they took credit cards. Score! We parked at the yikes! so expensive parking lot next door and it was more than our meal! $17 for 45 min of parking...gimme a break, Philly!Convenient location and stay open late at night. it's a bit pricy compared to other vietnamese restaurants in the neighborhood. 
The soup is very tasty, much better than i expected and has lots flavors. but the beef tripe is bit hard and chewy. I would give it a 3.5 if the service is bit faster.Honestly, the best Bun Bo Hue in Philly. Andy runs the store pretty well, and he's attentive and respectful to all his guests. It takes a lot of integrity and hard work to open until 2 am everyday. 
The food is delicious, and they go a little beyond to ensure that the ingredients are flavorful. You definitely pay for what you get. I don't get how the Train place (terrible service and cheaply made food) has four stars and this one has only 3.5. 
The best Bun Bo Hue by far. Pretty much the only place I'd go to. Everywhere else does it half heartedly.Great delivery pho. I ordered the chicken noodle soup pho and it was absolutely delicious. They send you a big container of broth and meat and then you add your own noodles and bean sprouts. All sauce comes on the side. It was perfect for a cold rainy night in the city. Highly recommended for delivery! Also delivery was very quick.Good Pho, Leaks and cold beer.