I live a block away from Villa Di Roma.  I've been there probably a dozen times.  I don't understand the hype. The food is solid. The food is good.  
    Maybe I think it's on the expensive side for Italian food.  $15 for Veal Parm?  $11 for spaghetti with olive oil?  
    I'm totally unimpressed by the garlic bread and I thought the breaded asparagus was far too soaked in butter. 
     The thing is - I'm totally not a food snob at all.   Maybe I need to be a food snob to appreciate this place? 
     Someone local help me out and explain what I'm missing compared to the 15 other Italian places within two blocks?Amazing food and service! My family had the meatballs, chicken parm, manicotti, and baked ziti which wasn't baked but tossed and served on plate. Delish none the less! Will definitely visit them again. And again!Didn't have high expectations for this place, so that's probably why I was so pleasantly surprised. The place definitely had a very authentic Italian feel to it. There was a large group of Italian ladies dining nearby--gave the restaurant a boisterous, Italian feel. So A+ for awesome vibes. 
The food was excellent--my sister and I ordered the Meatball and Eggplant parmigiana sandwiches for lunch. They were standard hoagie-style sandwiches, but the eggplant, I gotta say, was amazing. 
The service was alright--the waitress seemed a little rushed, but really no complaints. 
I loved this place and will definitely be going again. Prices were very affordable as well.Food is fair at best
The service is just awful awful and awful better to go to Olive GardenI am in heaven when I go to the Villa Di Roma! I eat at the bar and I feel like family. Mary is such a wonderful person. No frills, outstanding food, and a family atmosphere. God bless these folks. A South Philly treasurer!The wife loves this S. Philly dive, but it's typical S. Philly  Italian fare. Expect to wait. The mussles are good and ask for plenty of bread. You can't let that broth go to waste.
Plan to be scolded by a S. Philly mother if you don't finish your plate and don't want the rest wrapped. ;)2nd stop on our grand tour of Philly Italian establishments: Villa Di Roma.
Cash only and no reservations. Knowing this, dining partner and I arrived around 6:45 on a Friday to try and beat the dinner date crowd. We were seated after a short wait in the bar area. Appetizers: we split the Villa Salad which was good (but only if you like your salad drenched in Russian or Thousand Island-type dressing) and I ate all of the fried asparagus. I ordered the gnocchi as my entree and dining partner ordered the Chicken Marsala. The gnocchi was served with a garlicy red-ish sauce with plenty of leftovers to take home and the Chicken Marsala sauce was excellent. Our waitress Jeanie was outgoing, very helpful with recommending dishes, and was attentive in filling our drinks and bread basket. We managed to save room for dessert, unfortunately the cannolis were gone so we settled on cheesecake, which was a great way to end the dinner.If NYC was just a bitttt closer, I would drive to Villa Di Roma just for dinner. Coming from a girl who was born and raised in The Bronx and knows real Italian food cooked by Italian Mothers and grandmothers...this place is so legit.
The feeling of the restaurant itself is super authentic. No frills. Even the wait staff is authentic. 
Now the best part is the food, of course. The pasta is so fresh and the sauce is to die for. We had the ravioli and meatballs as well as the seafood white sauce spaghetti. I wish I was with more people so that I could have tried more variety of menu options. Guess that just gives me a reason to come back!Came here for a celebration dinner with my little sister.  She had the lasagna and I had the quattrocini Alfredo and we split an appetizer of mussels in white sauce. The base for the mussels were very good and there were definitely enough mussels for two people to share. Then our main courses came out promptly we both agreed our food was very good. I would have gave this place four stars but our service was terrible. Our waitress never came to check on us ... I had to go to other waitresses for things such as more water or another drink and our check, it was ridiculous. It made me not even wanting to tip! The crazy thing was the place wasn't even that busy! I will not be going back.I would probably lean more towards giving this place a three, but the husband loved it. It's a pretty unassuming place, probably would never have stopped in if I hadn't read such great reviews. The interior looks like it hasn't been updated since well...ever. You sit on some rickety chairs at small tables with dingy white tablecloths thrown abstractly over the table. Let's just say you don't come here for the aesthetics. We ordered the chicken marsala, veal eggplant parm and a couple meatballs to share. As a non-Italian I am probably not the best the review the "gravy" but my husband said it transported him right back into his grandmother's kitchen. The meatballs were moist and yummy, but we could have used some better bread to soak up all that deliciousness. Same goes with my marsala, it wasn't served with pasta, so once you ate up all the delicious chicken there was a plate full of sauce that I literally wanted to eat with a spoon. Really Really Good... The veal eggplant parm was equally as delicious, the plate was literally licked clean. 
Bottom Line: Go for some authentic Italian American cuisine while enjoying the Italian market, just don't forget cash only---the dishes were a little pricier than I expected so bring an ample amount just in case.Old school Philly Italian. I've been coming here for longer than I'd like to admit (when it was only one house wide).Awful experience. Had a family dinner consisting of 15 adults and 5 children. Owner charged more than the quoted price, charged adult prices for kids, was rude when we inquired about the change, wait staff seemed put out by our large party, service was rushed, as if it was an inconvenience to have us there (note: entire upstairs room was empty), and food portions were scant. Would definitely NOT recommend.I've been to the Italian Market many times, but I never really noticed Villa di Roma since I'm usually focused on all the vendors and grocers. But when my Dad came to town for the day and his close friends invited us to dinner in the Italian Market, I quickly came to realize my mistake in overlooking this nondescript restaurant.
On the outside, it doesn't look like anything special. When you go inside, it still doesn't look like anything special. The bar is the first thing you encounter, with a charming bartender who quickly and capably makes whatever drink you order. The waitstaff seems to be composed primarily of Italian women - and the awesome kind of Italian women, who are friendly and funny and kind of like the Italian grandmother you always wish you had (if you're like me and not Italian). 
Our family friends are regulars here, and the moment they walked in everyone greeted them and started joking around with us. The menu is short but sweet, and if you don't recognize the names of dishes (cacciatore vs napoletano vs siciliano, etc) they quickly describe them for you. We shared two salads, their signature one and roasted peppers with sardines, and both were fantastic. Most of the table ordered some form of veal, while I got the chicken cacciatore. Dear lord was that dish HUGE. I ate 1/3 of it (maybe), and I was so stuffed that I felt sick. But I got some amazing leftovers because of it! All of the food is delicious (our entire table kept moaning over every forkful) and very traditional Italian cuisine - almost as good as when I lived in Florence for 4 months! Truly one of the best places in Philly to find Italian food - the REAL kind of Italian cuisine. And those cannoli?! Don't fugedaboutit or you will truly miss out. I hear their meatballs are where its at though - good thing they offer them and their sauce to take home :)Great Italian food.  Amazing meatballs!  Traditional family style atmosphere.  Friendly staff.this is more of a 3.5 star rating - better than ok, but less than I am a fan. this is about one of a very few restaurants that are open for dinner in the Italian Market area.  we stumbled upon it, gave it a try.  the line on a Friday night was very long, the place is crowded, full of regular customers.  after some wait, we were seated.  our waitress was a bit of a wise-guy, tried to tell customers how to eat and how to order.  after all the fuss, she still got our order wrong - my husband didn't get the zitty he was recommended, and she totally forgot our garlic bread and thought I didn't know regular bread from garlic bread.  but other than this, the food was quite good, old school italian fare that you don't see often nowdays.  the garlic bread was very good, by the way !Old school everything! 
Cash only
Best meatball and gravy!
Super neighborhood vibe with locals stopping by for a quick drink
Did I mention the meatballs? 
Please do not update 
Please stay cash only
Please get the meatballs to complement any other great entree you order.So. Amazing. The food was great and you feel like you're in Italy. The meatballs are amazing. We got the ravioli and meatballs (TIP: ask for it with baked mozzarella on top- Parmesan style. They bake it additionally and it's incredible). Also got the quatrigga (sp?) Alfredo which was homemade and great. We split a cannoli afterwards and they were so fresh. The staff is straight out of Italy and feels like your grandma. We stayed at a B&B and the owner was from Italy. She said this place is the only authentic Italian restaurant in the city. Highly recommend.Look no further for delicious Italian food without all the fuss. The restaurant is casual and the staff makes you feel like you're eating at your friend's Italian grandmother's house. We had big plates of pasta that were piping hot and perfect. It's the ultimate comfort food. I just wished I had saved room for dessert.You'd never really know to try this place out, which occupies a bland-looking space next to DiBruno's in the Italian Market, unless you had a tip from someone else.
But lo and behold, inside this cozy spot awaits some outrageously delicious food, served by a nice group of good ol' South Philly waitresses. I took Yelp's recommendation on the fried asparagus, which was rich, delicious and came in an absurdly flavorful sauce; the garlic bread was out of this world, too.
I went the easy route and had chicken parm for dinner - not a mistake. Crispy breast of chicken, lots of gooey mozzerella, perfect pasta and a fresh, zesty sauce. Next time I'll branch out but ooo man, what a plate. My lady had chicken sicilian, which was in a sauce reminiscent of marsala sauce but so rich I had to take a pause.
Amazing food in a casual, comfortable place. Not cheap, but worth the money.Well I guess I am in the minority since I'm not ranting and raving about this place. Basically, it's a glorified diner with abysmal service. Waitstaff was slow and basically ignore you. The kitchen is even slower. The food was average; just your typical greasy and oily Italian food. Certainly not worth the 45 minute wait after we ordered. It's cash only just as a heads up. Otherwise there really isn't much to say about this place.This place is one of our all time favorites. Never had a bad meal. Excellent service. An Italian market icon. Really goodA couple friends and I stopped in this private Italian restaurant on a cold winter day for lunch. After looking at the menu, we almost left because the menu wasn't descriptive and it was pretty limited in terms of lunch items.  They have mainly pasta, chicken, and steak dishes with some seafood.  But no soups and no sandwiches on the menu (even though we saw another customer with a sandwich later during our meal).  So, that was one con, I would've loved to know that we could've ordered sandwiches.  And it would've been nice if the descriptions of the meals were more detailed.  We ordered Baked Ziti and asparagus and  chicken cacciatore on a whim (and shared those two dishes amongst the three of us).  It was plenty of food and they ended up being really good!  The chicken was cooked in a fantastic tomato sauce.  In conclusion, I'd recommend Villa Roma for dinner or for a nice saucy meal, but if you're looking for a lighter meal, try another restaurant.I have walked by Villa Di Roma so many times, and have had their takeout meatballs and gravy on occasion, but I never dined there until last weekend, and I regret not going sooner. It is truly the perfect spot for excellent Italian comfort food. My boyfriend and I arrived around 6:30 on a Saturday night, sans reservation, so we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table at the bar. Not a problem. Once we were seated, we took a look at the menu, overflowing with hearty comfort food and very reasonable prices. We got a delicious bottle of sangiovese for $24 (yes, a whole bottle of wine at a restaurant for the price of two fancy cocktails elsewhere), and decided to order the fried asparagus to start. I am generally not a fan of asparagus, but fry it and smother it in the same sauce they use for shrimp scampi (according to our waitress), and I will eat it all day.
I was craving some comfort food, so I ordered the classic veal parmigiana over spaghetti, and my boyfriend ordered the veal bella bucca (veal stuffed with something I don't remember) over penne. Our food took a while to come out, but we were in no rush, and greatly enjoying the (to use that overused term) authentic South Philly atmosphere. When our food came out, I was delighted to see a generous portion of veal covered in delicious red sauce, perfectly cooked pasta, and wonderfully melty cheese. It was surely one of the best veal parms I have ever had, and it is one of my favorite dishes. My boyfriend liked his veal bella bucca, but said he would probably order the veal parm next time. I was able to finish my entire meal (which I am usually not able to do at Italian restaurants), but I was also very full, so I thought the portion size was perfect.
A true South Philly institution for all those craving the best in Italian comfort food. We will absolutely be back.I wish you could rate the food and service separately. I gave this place a 4 because of the delicious food, but would not give it a 4 for service. The meatballs are AMAZING, definitely deserves the food network praise. Everything i've had had been delicious, dinner and dessert. 
The bar drinks are a little pricey and they have some of the smallest wine glasses in the world. The staff is hit or miss, i have had very friendly waitresses and some not-so-friendly. We have also stood waiting for a table while the owner chats away like we weren't standing there. I think their service could improve, but the great food has gotten me back there a bunch of times.I have been meaning to get back to this place now that I am on Yelp. Many years ago I lived in South Philly (3rd & Catherine) and my daughter went to school down the street. A hood in transition which became beautiful. Used to go to this restaurant on 9th street in the Italian Market which I thought at the time was good, but nothing spectacular, which I wanted, as taken with the South Philly "tude" which went with the territory. Went back some years later with my wife, grown up daughter and her friend. Some of THE WORST SHIT FOOD AND SERVICE I have ever had. Has apparently become a horrible tourist trap. VERY rude service above and beyond the "tude", and essentially inedible "food". I'm talking essentially garbage from the linguini and clams which tasted exactly like salty and watery lukewarm Campbell's chicken soup to some kind of fettuccini/Velveeta crap. I will never go here again, and if I were you I would stay away. You have been informed. I am VERY amused by the good reviews here.A client of mine wanted a tray of lasagna for lunch guests she was having over - the next day - and Pip hooked me up.  I spoke with him at 8:30p the night before and he put aside a tray of lasagna as well as meatballs, an entire tray of garden salad AND bread from Sarcone's.  My client was very appreciative and enjoyed the food.  I was so grateful for Pip's can-do attitude.  I am looking forward to having dinner there soon with my friends and family.We enjoy dining out and have no problem spending money on great food and service...this was neither. 
The bartender greeted us and said "sit wherever you want." Perfect!  After sitting at a table in the corner for a few moments we were asked where the rest of party was.  No hello, can I get you menus, can I get you a drink to start? Nothing! 
We were strait told to move. "This is a four top table only." Ok, after pointing us to another table that also had 4 CHAIRS, we looked over the menu. Another couple came in and sat at the said same table. This couple were obviously regulars. Not only did they get drinks and salads before we were even asked if we wanted drinks, they had their entrees before my wine came to the table. 
Ps Dont ask for extra bread, it will get thrown on your table. Forget having your empty plates cleared in a timely manner, they were busy giving dessert to the same table of regulars. 
Good thing we have other neighborhood  restaurants that treat us kindly. 
Villa you should be ashamed!This place is fantastic! It would get 5 stars if it was in a better area....thats being picky I know...but it is what it is. I had the best veal in the place...2 pieces lumped together with cheese. Wow! Italian bread is awesome. Could use some better wine choices...but it was ok. Overall...wonderful place and authentic. Give it a try!Excellent red sauce joint...1st time you visit get the meatballs!Food was amazing! We got the lasagna and ravioli meatballs. However, the service was not friendly.It gives me no pleasure to write this unfortunate review of the popular Villa Di Roma in South Philly. We came here as a large party with all the menus and wine options preplanned, unfortunately, the accommodation, both physical and services were insufficient to make the evening go smoothly. The heater was blasting so much heat that my chapstick actually melted just being in close proximity by hanging in the coat pocket of my jacket. The service was friendly, but very overwhelmed and did not bother to refill the water unless requested numerous times. As for the food, I must apologize in advance and state it was my least favorable Italian cuisine I've had in quite some time. The initial cesar salad was drenched in this heavy, salmon-colored dressing, removing any resemblance to a healthy option. The breaded asparagus was swimming in a rich hollandaise-esque sauce that completely removed any texture or flavor from the already carbed-loaded vegetable. The pasta was forgettable and the chicken mushroom marsala felt like the chef just poured an entire bottle of wine in the dish and hoped for the best. The only healthy option during the meal was steamed spinach, which I subsequently realized was blanched spinach drowning in a sea of oil that made me nauseous after a few more bites. Finally, and this is the most important aspect, do NOT NOT NOT get the mussels. On multiple accounts (from other party members), the mussels all had sand in the belly meat and tasted very bland. I have never experienced such sandy and gritty mussels in a respectable restaurant, as I've had better luck buying frozen mussels from your local convenience stores.
At the end of the day, there were no real redeeming qualities aside from the friendly staff to enable me to write a positive review. I will not return in the future.My sister was in Philly on a visit and wanted some good Italian food. I wasn't sure exactly where to go, so after looking at several reviews on here, I decided Villa di Roma was close, reasonably priced, and worth a try. I was not disappointed. The staff was really nice to us. I loved the "seasoned" waitstaff. It was pretty homey and comfortable, and everyone was helpful and friendly. I had lasagna, and I have to say it was among the best lasagnas I've ever had. My sister said her pasta with mussels, clams, shrimp, and crab meat was "fabulous," and from what she could recall, better than a certain place up the street a couple of blocks. No problems, and next time someone asks me for good Italian, I know what to say.NOT WORTH THE WAIT. This mediocre establishment has a remarkable and unorganized waiting list to get a table when we went there at 6:30 on a Saturday night.  When finally seated after our 40 minute wait (we were told 30), the service was incredibly slow, we waited, in total, TWO hours before our meals were served. The food was boring and plain, not bad but nothing special (We ordered the lasagna and the fettuccini ricotta)and the clams casino was somebody else's definition of the classic appetizer, coming with meat sauce atop steamed clams. Altogether a bummer of a night. The two star rating is because the food wasn't horrible. I wouldn't bother with this place again.JACKPOT....
!!
THIS is the best Italian meal that we have out in a long time...I got the spaghetti and white clams with extra garlic...and the fried asparagus appatizer....others in my party h ad the spaghetti ai oi...and eggplant parm...
It was perfect...they used fresh garlic..!!..
Not minced from a jar..
Like s..t restaurants....
Fair..normal prices....when I told the waitress how wonderful everything was...she brought out some of the meatballs...homemade...for us to try...
Jesus...
The best ever...I'm a Pain..!!...
But everything was absolutely perfect....
Nothing was a fraud..
And Italian chefs...cooking your meal..
I'm going back...soon...!!....
Whoever cooked my meal..
Had big talent...
.
Fresh garlic...
Perfection...
My dish...
I  love this place..
..
..
Maybe an Italian chef...?......
Too many Mexican chefs..
Who cook shit...We had to try VDR!!  Many friends suggested this restaurant.  Made reservations a few days prior.  Very nice bar area.   The dining rooms are typical South Philly basic seating areas.  Nice decor and layout.  Clean restaurant.  Casual setting.  Our Waitress was ok.  Could have been more friendly and helpful with ordering.  We Ordered Veal Parm, lasagna and shrimp scampi. It was all very good.  Nice portion sizes.  No complaints and prices were reasonable for Philly.   No parking as usual.  They have a classic Italian Menu with a good variety of different items.  I give it an A but could have been an A+ if our waitress was better.   I will be back!!As a lifelong "Filuffyan," I can tell you without reservation that Villa Di Roma is one of those restaurants where its reputation is better than its food. It has authentic South Philly atmosphere for sure, and the employees are all charming in their own particular ways. Is it worth a visit or two? Sure. However, the fact is that the food, while authentic, is a notch above average, NOT top-shelf. It's good, but not great. Not that that's a bad thing, but there are other places within a few miles that are far superior. VDR is a place to go to when you want no-frills basic Italian.Fried asparagus is worth the hype, the buttery sauce is to die for! Dip some bread in the leftover sauce too mmm. I had the gnocchi and meatballs which were very homemade tasting and meatballs were fresh and moist! Server was Jeanie, she was awesome, very friendly and helpful. Food came out quick, no complaints! Happy I stumbled across this place. Only downside is it is cash only and food is pricy. Portions however are pretty big and the flavor makes up for the price. Will def come again.Don't be fooled by the little hole-in-the-wall appearance! Go in and give it a try! It's so quaint, they also have a full bar area in addition to the restaurant area, and the food is unbelievable! I got the sausage Genevese. I don't even know what to say... it was so delicious! And the meatball appetizer was the hit of our table. They are perfect and an absolute MUST! On the way out I noticed they sell their marinara sauce, and some other items, so of course I had to buy a quart of their sauce.  I would definitely go back again and again. Bring cash - it's cash only.Great place ! The staff is awesome , you feel like you know them . We were the last people in there and not once did they try to rush us out the door they didn't start cleaning in front of us , nothing to make us feel un welcomed. The food was GREAT !!Very good red sauce (gravy). Good service and its right in the heart fo the Italian market.  You cannot go wrong ordering their pasta with gravy and meatballs. Can't comment on anything else beacuse we both had the same dish.
One drawback to me is they are cash only.Excellent Italian food. I have never been disappointed in the food. I have been going to Villa di Roma regularly for ten years before moving out of town. The staff is very friendly, even more so than at Ralph's. They serve a mean escarole and garlic; the bread is delicious; and the pasta is top notch. It is definitely an old -school vibe. Very unpretentiously decorated and laid out in such a way that you feel like you are in the kitchen of someone's home and not in a restaurant. 
Parking may be a pain and a wait may be ahead of you once you enter if it is on a busy night. These things notwithstanding, the food will cause you to quickly forget such inconveniences.Been here twice for lunch - exactly what you see is what you get, great Italian-American food. Portions are generous but not monstrous, waitstaff are interactive and helpful, they've got great wine, and they have sauce and meatballs for sale! A little pricey - but the location in the heart of the Italian Market justifies that.The service was horrible. Patrons actually had to apologize when asking for bread and water and asked to not be yelled at by server. Spend your hard earned money elsewhere.I have been telling my wife stories over the past two years of this little restaurant I went to in Philly that reminded of my grandmother's (Nona) kitchen.  The moment she walked in she smelled the sauce cooking in the back and gave me that acknowledging smile.  She too knows my rants and raves were true.
Every Italian dish on the menu is an absolute delight and a throwback to what my kin used to cook for me when I was a child.  I sit here now in upstate NY imaging be back right now enjoying the tastes of my past.
Do not hesitate to visit and stay for dinner.What a great place.  Very warm and inviting. It's nothing fancy but the food is delicious and I want to go back and try more dishes. The staff was great and the service was great as well. I loved my pasta dish and I tried the Gnocchi and just felt like my Grampa was in the kitchen cooking it.Excellent food. You have to order mussels in red sauce. But the waitress there was kinda rude. We asked a few questions about dishes and one person took about 10 secs to think about her choice and the waitress got clearly annoyed about it. Expect good food but don't expect good service at all.Last night I ate here for the first time, which is very strange, given that I've lived in south philly my whole life. I started with the garlic bread and pasta fagioli... Both of which were awesome! For my entree I got the lasagna with a side of meatballs. The lasagna was very good, not my favorite that I've ever had, but very very good. The meatballs were also as good as they say! Which surprised me given that I am pretty particular. Also, the prices were very reasonable. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5, was that I felt the service wasn't too friendly. I got the impression that it was because the waitress got double sat and seemed to know the other table well... It was just kind of abrupt and short, when I was expecting a little more of a family feel. 
Overall, a very good experience and I would definitely go back.I came here after watching it on Food Feuds on Food Network and really wanted to see how good the meatballs actually were. 
I got the ravioli and meatballs and my friend got the spaghetti with meatballs.  The meatballs were pretty big and as good as I thought they would be. They were surprisingly light, but had a great flavor and were pretty juicy. Both the ravioli and spaghetti were cooked well; a little more than al dente but still had good texture. 
The service was fast and friendly and the food came out pretty quickly as well. However, both portions were only okay for the price so that's the reason for the 3 stars. I'm a pretty big eater and a plate of 6 ravioli and 2 meatballs was not really enough for me. At $17 for the dish, I would have wanted a little more for my money. 
Also, the bread that they serve was pretty lousy.Went there for dinner on Black Friday. We had to wait for almost n hour however it was totally worth it. We have Shrimp scampi which was heavenly.  I have almost never tasted something like that. Meatball over spaghetti was tasty as well. Great place amazing people.Simply fantastic Italian food. Veal Bella Bucca and Chicken Marsala were both perfect. Bread they bring to the table is weak at best but I can't really let that hurt the overall experience.Good spot for Italian "kitchen food". 
Used to go here in the 70's with my family and now I'm old enough to drink at the bar, which was hopping on a recent Saturday. 
Tried to make a reservation, but they were too busy to answer the phone so we took a chance and headed down. Pretty big crowd in the bar area & some large parties waiting to be seated, but we put our name on the list and settled in at the bar.
The bartender Dominic was awesome, he had that bar covered and the crowd who didn't fit at the bar, making sure everyone had a drink. I ordered a Bloody Mary after reading a review from someone else and Dom told us it was made from "scratch" but he makes it hot & spicy and horseradish is not needed...boy was he right, good and HOT. I needed a glass of water on the side.
Menu is standard Italian fare, no descriptions needed, but if you want to know what's in a dish with a name you aren't sure of, like Veal Dominic, the waitress will be happy to tell you.
Ordered mussels, no choice of red or white, which was fine by us. Great gravy that could have been more enjoyable with better bread, not just sliced sandwich rolls. With all the fabulous Italian bread bakers in the area, this is something that no authentic Italian restaurant should skimp on.
Generous portion entrees, you'll either be hungry enough to eat it all or have to ask for a take home bag.
Sold out of cannolis by the time we were seated,so we didn't stay for dessert. By the time we stepped out around 10 pm, the formerly packed bar was empty except for Dominic and his cousin.  Glad we gave it a try and we'll be back for meatballs next time.Good lord  do I miss home!  27 yrs in Philly, now in S.California and can't get a good Italian meal unless I cook it.
This place has been around since my Dad was my age and he would always drool just talking about it.
Last I went here I ordered some veal special that was kickass.
My bf got a linguine pescatore type dish.  EXCELLENT.  Pasta di Linguine- that's it.
Finish up with a cannoli, mmmm!
Atmosphere is ok- not wonderful, not mediocre... decent.
Waitress was friendly and nice.
Prices aren't bad- midline for the area and quality.
I dream about it now that I'm living in lousyfoodville.
The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is Macaroni (Not Macaroni Grill) off Old Welsh Rd in NE Philly.  I have to leave room for better.Very nice Italian restaurant.  Fried asparagus was awesome.chicken parm very good. Sausage and pepper scored a thumbs up from my daughter.  Service was very friendly and helpful. Lasagna was good. My only reason not giving it five stars was I was still hungry when done.  Portions good be a little more bigger. As I mentioned asparagus was tremendous but for 8.95 I think there was 5 pieces.  My lasagna to was very good but not filling. Started eating my daughter chicken parm. Wife had chicken liver or something like that not my cup of tea but she liked and she had that boxed to go. Also when finished we walked around to John's water ice and bought ice cream and gelati a nice way to end the day.Very casual atmosphere.   Good bar.   Place was busy and was still able to get a seat at the bar while we waited for a table.  A Sat night and only a 10 minutes wait.  Much better then we expected. 
Garlic bread was good, clams were good but not great.   
Chicken Park was great but didn't have enough sauce so I asked to have a cup of sauce and they brought it right over.    Ziti with asparagus was also good.  
Old time little Italy service from lifelong employees gives this place the feel of any good little Italy restaurant in most cities.
Will go back for sure.   Great food, relaxing place and best of all, go as you are.   Very casualDecent stuff but the waits are incredibly long on the weekend. Cash only. Prices are pretty high.  Attitude is fresh.  I prefer Francoluigi - food has a distinct edge over this place (some things more than others), and the service is so much better.Enjoy the traditional aspects of the Villa di Roma.  Current restaurant fetishisms turn me off, so this going-strong throwback to the '50s-'60s-'70s is a welcome antidote to today's wussy, overdone fashion.  What's good?  Real people working as the wait staff, bartenders, and I presume the kitchen.  The red-brick interior walls, which I can't remember if they're real or just tromp-l'oeil paper.  The menu.
Like the veal marsala, the chicken bella buca, and the spinach and escarole sides.  Also the asparagus and the salad Villa; the clams casino only fair.  Probably should have had the steamers.  I also liked that both of the young people with us -- what used to be called college men, and should still be judging from these two -- liked this throwback atmosphere.  
Not-so-good -- the steak rolls doubling as bread (but this keeps you from overfilling yourself on same, so maybe there is a point besides cost-control); the clams casino, though it hurts me to write that; and the house wine.  It is cheapo but also terrible.  Dinner for five, with three of them wine-drinkers, $200 including tip.  That part is modern, unfortunately.Me likey!
We've been going to Villa for years and it's been consistently wonderful.  The best red gravies in town, not to mention a fantastic preparation of veal and chicken.  My all time favorite, though, are the chicken livers romano.  TDF!
Note: This is a cash-only (ATM on the premises) restaurant.  Also, they don't take reservations so if you hit it at the wrong time you'll have quite a wait.  The bar gets crazy crowded at times on weekend nights.
This is a no frills joint, but it's excellent.  Perfect for out-of-towners would want a South Philly experience.How is Villa di Roma not 5 stars? Every time someone visits me I make them go to Villa di Roma when they say they want Italian for dinner. Never disappoints. Simple, relatively casual, no frills just plain good Italian. Perfect every time. Will keep coming back!One word: KickAssMeatballs.
I don't eat in at this place. I just get takeout. And what do I take out, you might inquire? Well, I'll tell you. I order their giant delicious kick ass meatballs. And I take them home. And I eat them. It bothers my boyfriend, quite a bit, that I prefer Villa di Roma's meatballs over his (there is no sexual innuendo going on in this sentence, I promise you). But it's a sad fact that his balls just don't measure up - in fact, it's not even a contest. Villa di Roma knows how to do meatballs. Sorry, boyfriend.
I've had some other things here, chicken parm for example and that was good too. But I'm in law school and thus, extremely poor, and so what I do is make my own spaghetti and sauce at home, and then go pick up a few meatballs from Villa di Roma. It's a pretty cheap meal that way but having special meatballs makes it feel more special. And I enjoy that special feeling that these meatballs give me. And that's why I like Villa di Roma.Chicken Bella Buca to die for.  Excellent Italian food. Everyone we bring here loves it.  Don't go by the outside, it's a little dumpy but go in for great food.This place is old school. The food is old world Italian and it's decent...but I've had much much better food in that classic Italian category. I give the place major props for being around as long as they have been and for not getting too caught up in the hype about itself that so many loyalists have for this place. The staff are all super nice, perfectly cast South Philly Italians playing their roles of hospitality to perfection. The facts that they're cash only and don't take reservations are both nods to their classic old school roots as well as annoying inconveniences in this day and age. Those are nuances that would go applauded if the food were fantastic. But sadly, it's pretty basic.I like knowing that when I stroll through the Italian Market. There are still some things that are ITALIAN about it, & Villa Di Roma is proof. You would be crazy not to give this place a whirl. Try the fried asparagus, it's amazing!!This place is incredible for old school Italian food in Philly! I absolutely loved eating here during a quick weekend with some friends - everything was delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and I really enjoyed the no frills/no fuss atmosphere. We ordered garlic bread and fried asparagus for appetizers - I'd never had fried asparagus before and thought the breading was great (not greasy or soggy) and the zesty dipping sauce was a great addition. For entrees, my friend and I split the cheese ravioli with meatballs and the shrimp scampi. Both were SO SO good! I highly recommend both dishes - they are about as classic Italian as you can get, full of flavor and comforting to the soul. The portions are generous and will fill you up quickly if you don't pace yourself. Don't forget to order a karaffe or two of wine and also keep in mind this is a cash only restaurant!What can I say? A true Italian gem in the middle of the Italian Market??! Lunch was all I expected and more. I started with the caprese salad, at first I thought, way too much olive oil. No. Very tasty, seasoned well with crushed red peppers and the mozzarella...loved it! I had the ravioli with meatballs, and they were so good. The meatballs were the best I've had in a while. 
Highly recommend if you want to sit and enjoy your meal instead of grabbing and going.My family has been coming here for years! You honestly cannot get better, home-cooked-tasting Italian anywhere else!
What I ordered:
Mussels with white sauce -- it's a must. My sister and I inhaled them within 5 minutes, seriously. The sauce left over is perfect for dipping bread into!
Garlic Bread -- great consistency, the perfect mix of crunchy on the top and soft on the inside!
Raviolis with gravy -- cannot go wrong with this choice. I only made it through 3 out of my 5 MONSTER raviolis. At least I had leftovers!! 
It does look a little divey from the outside, but the service is great and the food is top-notch. Perfect place to stop on the way to a Phillies game!From the earthy wait staff to the fantastic red sauce entrees, this is by far my favorite down-and-dirty Italian eatery in Philadelphia.  
The chicken livers are to-die-for, as is the manicotti, but my all time fav is their veal francese.  The thing to remember about Villa is that it is unabashedly basic, and that really works.  The food is so authentic that you'd think you were in an Italian grandmother's kitchen.  
Now, the wine selection is awful and I have had stale wine there in the past. Parking is tough at Italian Market, and this is a cash-only joint.  Aside from all that, I still give it 5 stars - it's wonderful!This place is a small Italian Restaurant located about 7 minutes south of Independence Hall. It is located in the Ninth Street Italian Market. You walk in and it's like your back in the late 60's. The bartender Basel was funny and Friendly. The old menu board on the wall is still in use. Our appetizer was the Fried Asparagus (delicious) I had the spaghetti and meatballs (which they are known for) and my  wife had the Baked Ziti all was excellent. The wait staff is about what you'd expect for an Italian restaurant, not as friendly but good and efficient. Which is kind of how I like it anyway.Delicious food, and the owner was super nice. Very large portion sizes and great food and excellent service. Defnitely not what you'd expect for a restaurant on south street. Feels like fine dining. Their veal parm was DELICIOUS! I've also had their pasta, fish, and steak there, and every time, eveything was delicious, and we got great service!Really not that great at all, go to Giorgio on pine, la viola, little nonnas in the city instead if you want some real Italian foodDefinitely worth a try if you are in the area.  Good sauce (gravy) good service.Wandered into this place after being sick of eating in Philly Chinatown. I was excited at first since I thought this placed served Roman food...note to self, it's Italian.
The one working door leads you into a bar, which you will enter while looking really confused and wondering where the actual restaurant is (unless you've been there before or you've read this spoiler review). The bartender and waitresses will then look amusedly at you before asking you if you're here for the restaurant, at which point you'll be ushered into the back. 
They have plenty to choose from, in addition to your standard pasta. I did the nosy-lady thing and eyed up everything that everyone else was ordering; their meatballs were GIGANTIC (and that's not just what she said). But then again, for the prices they're charging, you'd better hope they were huge. 
I was really feenin' for some chicken, and my waitress recommended the Chicken Sicilian. My boyfriend got the Chicken Neapolitan, which to me just means ChocolateStrawberryVanilla but actually was just chicken in tomato sauce (I'm sure there were other things, like red wine and other spices, but it's 99% tomato sauce). My chicken Sicilian was pretty good, with the chicken cooked very well, and the cream and white wine sauce was delicious. However, since I didn't get it with pasta seeing as I was sick of carbs having gulped down a truckload of Chinese bakery buns, the dish was EXTREMELY salty. Good thing they gave us bread - just plain crusty bread, but excellent nonetheless. And also, this dish is laden with OLIVES. I happen to hate olives, and this dish contains two different types - the easily spotted huge black ones, and the cunning small green ones that like to masquerade as green peppers. One bite is enough to ruin any flavor in your mouth. However, since I didn't specify that my hair bristles every time I see olives while ordering, I won't hold this against Villa Di Roma. 
All in all, this is not really a place you want to go if you're in your teens/twenties and want a casual date spot. First, the food is quite pricey, the portion sizes are not meant for you to stuff and nourish your body, and on top of that, everyone else eating there is probably old enough to be your parents...or their parents. On top of that, they are CASH ONLY...so if you're treating a lot of people out, make sure you rob a bank or tell the other people they have to split a dish five ways. Total bill was around $37 for two people, and we had walked into the restaurant already half full and so hadn't ordered any appetizers or anything other than our main courses.
That being said, their Chicken Sicilian sauce is excellent with dry crusty bread. I did feel a little self-conscious drawing pictures in the plate with my bread, it was delicious. When I'm 65 I'll come back here and become a regular.Rude service, disappointing meal. My shrimp scampi was butter soup with noodles. Would not recommend.The food is great. Really yummy. You can't go wrong with their spaghetti and meatballs. They taste just like my mom's (forget the fact that I'm Irish--the woman knows her stuff). My friend had the shrimp marsala, which was nice and sweet.
Minus a few stars for excruciatingly slow service. Yes, we were there during peak hours on Saturday. They were swamped; I get it. My heart did go out to our server who seemed completely exhausted and apologetic whenever she made it over to our table, but everything just took too long -- especially getting our beverages (water) and check (20+ minutes). They were out of garlic bread :( and for whatever reason, our table wasn't given small plates for our [regular] bread, unlike the neighboring tables, so we reluctantly made a huge, crummy mess all over our tablecloth.
That being said, I would definitely go back. Just not on a Saturday. Call me high maintenance, but I like washing down my food with a beverage -- especially food as zesty and rich as Villa di Roma's -- and when I have to wait 10-15 minutes to get that water, it detracts from the dining experience a lot.VdR is a favorite. When it comes to ooey-gooey cheap-and-cheesy red-gravy joints in South Philly, VdR is as good as it gets. Certainly better than the tourist trap Ralph's, way better than the gone-but-not-forgotten Copper Penny. The service is great, the atmosphere (on the old brick side of the building) is wonderful and personal, and the food is consistently delicious. Is there better, more "upscale" Italian food to be had, especially in the Italian Market/Bella Vista? Definitely. But when it comes to everyone's favorite indulgences, like chicken/veal/eggplant parm, scampi, spaghetti and meatballs, cheese-laden garlic bread and cheap red wine, nobody does it better than Villa. Skip lunch, grab some friends, and head down 9th St for a meal you won't soon forget.Place is a glorified maggiano's. This is the kind of Italian restaurant your friend named Todd or Jeremy recommends. In other words, people that don't know better. Service is lackluster. Rude and with an air of "we just don't give a..."Taste is ok enough but the cooking generally lacks soul. Bread is a disgrace! I mean come on! How is it possible to serve such inedible dreck at an Italian restaurant in the heart of the italian market. Meatballs are solid, but it ain't as good as gramma used to make it.  "What you want for supper gramma," she'd ask. If yous  are from the neighborhood yous know what I'm sayin'.Good Italian food, neat atmosphere in the heart of the Italian market and the servers are great (mostly family related folks who want you to have a good time).  The Zitti baked francis is my favorite but I haven't heard any gripes with anybody.  Not the cheapest place but it's good, simple and I recommend as a good place to go.Abstract: Great old school Italian red sauce place in a gritty, "Little Italy" urban setting. Note: CASH ONLY! We were prepared.
Was in town for the Cirque du Solei (Kooza) their production under the blue-and-yellow Grand Chapiteau (Big Top) along the Avenue of the Arts. Needed a kid friendly place (we were a party of 5 with 2 kids) and this was it.
We called for reservations and they said that they don't take them on Saturday. We told them we would be there around 5-6pm and they said it shouldn't be an issue at that time.
We walked up from the Big Top and arrived at the restaurant around 6pm. The air conditioning was a welcome thing after the long walk.
The bar area welcomes you upon entry - a very nice neighborhood bar feeling. Long bar, seats about 20, backed up with stools behind it - nice touch when the wait starts backing up.
We were there around 5:30 and true to their word we were seated immediately. Our dining area was to the right of the bar (as you enter.) It was bright, clean, if nondescript dining area. We ordered from the one page paper menu:
Appetizers: Garlic Bread (5 pieces - good) and the steamed clams -  a generous dozen or so clams in a fabulous white wine butter reduction. The house bread (they drop at the table) is excellent.
Meals: My daughter had the lasagna (excellent, I tried it) her friend polished off her plate of ravioli.  The adults had a the linguini in red clam (voted excellent), the veal scaloppini with mushrooms (voted excellent) and I had the shrimp scaloppini which was in red sauce with green pepper, mushroom, and onions, served over ziti. 
Service was professional and friendly (our waitress was Mary). She was sweet - she plated my daughters blazing hot lasagna from the metal serving tray.
Dinner for 5 with the appetizers, entrees, and two Shirley temples each for the kids and 2 alcoholic beverages each for the adults was $143 - we tipped up to $175. Mary had two kids in college so we rounded up on the 20%.
As we left, (around 7:15ish) the place was starting to get packed - the bar was full, and the queue was forming. If you are going with the kids, plan on going early as we did.
Since we were heading for the "cirque" we skipped dessert and began the long, hot walk back with the two kids.About 40 years ago several of us, frazzled after a long day dealing with Rizzo's reign of terror and the rest of the world's mishigus; nothing better than the Villa Di Roma's mussels! 
That was with PILCOP, next time with a much younger generation of Philly's battlers for truth and justice!Villa di Roma makes me both happy and sad. It makes me happy because it's somewhere I can go with my family/friends and relive my paternal grandparents' cooking. It makes me sad because no matter how reminiscent the food, it will never be as good as that I grew up eating. Because I was so spoiled, there is a lot of Italian (American) food I simply will not eat... the vittles at VdR are not on that list.
I'm not going to lie to you and say eating here isn't a pain in the ass. It's cash only, they don't take reservations and parking is always a big unknown. The amusing thing about this is because members of my family have been eating here for the better part of 40 years, none of this is a big deal. As with most things in life, insider knowledge helps... and even better when there is no official record of anything. That said, don't be surprised if a group that comes in after you gets a table before you. Yes, it's really like that.
I haven't had anything at Villa that I haven't liked. I'm sure there are duds, but because I always end up with the same half dozen things, I would never know. I should probably branch out to see what else is out there, but traditions are tough habits to break. I blame Sparky & Johanna, may they rest in peace.
My recommendations:
-Steamed Mussels
-Meatballs
-Fried Asparagus 
-Pasta Di Linguine
-Linguine Abruzzi
-Bread dipped in the sauce/gravy of any of the above items
-Cannoli
If you try these things and don't like them, please don't tell me. I'm liable to cut you.An old favorite.  Glad that it's still around.   Great food and service.  Always have to swing by for a bite when in Philly.