I honestly didn't know this place existed until my friend suggested it for brunch over the weekend. I can't believe I live four blocks away and haven't been here before! I ordered the honeybee crepe and an almond croissant. I'm one to typically bring leftovers home but the food was so delicious there was nothing left to take much to the surprise of my friends. There is a small seating area downstairs and some window seating on the first floor. I'd recommend getting there on the earlier side if you're with a group and want to sit. I'd also recommend this for smaller groups. Will definitely be going back.All the crepes I've tried are fantastic. The coffee is very good, though I wish they had larger sizes available. Looks tiny from the outside there is comfortable seating in the basement.I never knew this place was here.  
A comfortable, clean environment with seating downstairs.
I always prefer savory vs sweet so I ordered the Norwegian Crepe and it was so good and filling.  I would love to go back there and try all their other options... and maybe share a sweet one for dessertAmazing new find! Small cute cafe with VERY reasonable prices for delicious food. I tried the egg on Gouda crepe with bacon which was delicious and well stuffed. I just wish the Gouda taste was a bit stronger and that there was some type of sauce to go with it. The caramel ricotta crepe was DELICIOUS and very well prepared. I'll definitely be coming back to try the rest of their menu!This place is a favourite of mine in the Fairmount/Francisville/Temple area. Got the turkey goat cheese baguette sandwich and the lady had the Philly baguette sandwich (lox and cream cheese w/ tomato). Food was delicious. Iced tea and iced chai latte were both amazing as well. Cute outdoor seating. Everything was super clean and tidy and the staff was super friendly. Highly recommended for a late breakfast or light lunchI love to explore local small businesses and this one was a great find. It's a very nice small cozy and super clean neighborhood coffee and crepe restaurant. Staff is very friendly and their crepes are amazing. I tried the Honey bee which was good with mochachino. The prices are pretty affordable. It wasn't super busy on a Saturday morning.Nice, small breakfast place run by a husband and wife who make tasty crepes for affordable prices. Pretty small menu but the crepes are worth a trip there.Again I can't say enough about this place. Just split the phili (salmon, cram cheese and spinich) and honeybee. And the mochacino. Food is so good here and staff are great as well. Can't wait to visit again.Crepes were fabulous! The location is slightly odd, but I guess that is the nature of Philly. Caramel Latte was delicious and a very good bang for your buck. They also serve juices from Rijuice which were very refreshing. I would recommend this to any Philly new comer.I love the atmosphere and set up, it is very modern and calming. I also thought the omelet was good value, large quantity and good quality.I don't know how it took me so long to visit this place. It's right in my neighborhood and it's AMAZING. I HIGHLY recommend to crepe lovers or newbies. They have so many options and everything we tried was delicious. I've been craving it since our last visit. And it's very affordable for a very large and filling crepe. Also they are great with customizing so really you can have whatever you want and it's delicious. Even if you're not in the area I would go! Heads up that there is seating downstairs but not a ton, so may not be great for large groups.My wife and I drive all the way from Germantown here. It's our favorite coffee spot in the city.  Coffee is good and the food is always great. (Honeybee is my favorite).  The staff is also welcoming and efficient.This place is amazing. Food is amazing. Decorations are amazing. Staff is very friendly.
I ordered the Americano omelet and Nutella crepe. Both were crazy good.Came with a friend to do some studying on a Saturday morning. We ordered two chai lattes and sat right by the large window at the front, which lets in a lot of natural sunlight. There's seating at the front and also more downstairs so it's a great spot to bring a laptop and do some work (plus the staff were very sweet as well). 
The latte was made from the purple Oregon liquid chai mix (which a ton of people use). It's a little too sweet for me so next time I'll probably just go with a tea.Amazing crepes!! Very thin so I wasn't expecting it to be filling but it was! The atmosphere is very casual, more like a coffee shop than a restaurant. You can see people studying on the bottom floor. I would recommend this place to everyone!!Best coffee in the city! The staff is super friendly, the food is amazing! Great prices and relax environment!Delicious food & coffee!!! Awesome selection. We had the Honey Bee Crepe & the Goat Bacon crepe to eat. I'd highly recommend both of them. I also got the Mochacchino (hot) and it did not disappoint.
We will definitely be back!Pretty good breakfast/brunch place.  Honeybee Crepe was a great, balanced, sweet-savory treat -- if maybe a little too carb-y (crepe was pretty thick).  I also would have liked a side salad with that.  I stole my partner's and it was fresh and good.  I ordered a cortado and received something more similar to a latte -- espresso-milk ratio was too milk-heavy.  The space is nice, but was very smoky both upstairs and downstairs.  Don't come here if you have asthma?
Overall, a friendly, cozy place with good food.  Crepes (and omelettes) are pretty massive, so if i come back i'll likely get something to split.I live around the corner from here and it has become my go to place for myself and guests.  I have had many of the items on the menu (both sweet and savory) and have not been disappointed.  The staff is friendly and the service is efficient.  The coffee is hot and specialty drinks are well made.  There is limited seating on the first floor and outside, and also seating upstairs.  I will continue to come here!Delicious coffee and crepes for breakfast, brunch or lunch. I had the bacon goat cheese and tomato crepe and it was great. It's a nice quiet off the beaten path spot. Limited seating inside with a couple of tables outside. I Would definitely recommend.This place is the BEST coffee I've ever had (and it's so cheap!). They use La Colombe, a local Philly favorite. The experience is only heightened by the absolute adorable decor, spacious and welcoming downstairs, and beyond kind owners. The couple is so sincere and continually ask customers what they could do to improve. In my eyes, NOTHING! The coffee, the huge egg sandwiches, the crepes, everything.. pure perfection. Worth going to once and continually going to!The best Macadamia nut latte I've ever had!!!  The cap on savory crepe is da bomb! Mushrooms, avocado, and spinachNice little cafe in an area that absolutely needed one. I had a honey ham sandwich on a bagette which came with a generous salad on the side. The iced coffee comes with a shot of espresso in it since the owner thinks iced coffee doesn't have enough flavor. Not gonna argue with more caffeine. Lunch came to about 10 bucks which was more than reasonable for what I got. The staff was friendly as well. Will be back for crepes next time.Good coffee, great atmosphere, excellent service, this place is a hidden gem. Found my new go to coffee shop.I almost hesitated to review this because I don't want it to become mainstream. Fortunately, it's out of the way enough so that it probably won't be.
This place is beautiful. Amazing coffee, really sweet owners, scandinavian aesthetic, small, quiet, and sort of an oasis in an otherwise coffee desert. Everything is super well-priced. A savory crepe and a massive cup of coffee and a nice place to read a book on a Saturday morning costs me about $10.
I've gotten the honeybee crepe (mozzarella, spinach, egg, honey drizzled on top) and the goat bacon (goat cheese, bacon, mushrooms, tomato) and both were delicious and very fresh. Thanks for existing, guys.The barista accidentally poisoned me by putting milk instead of soy in my latte, but I've forgiven them. Really enjoyed my goat bacon crepe and my husband's omelet. Parking is easy. Will return (but won't order a latte).The front of the business is barely noticeable, but it is worth finding. The iced coffee and giant chocolate chip cookie I got were amazing! The prices are very reasonable, and they take cards!
The basement has a very large seating area. It is easy to relax without feeling cramped like most cafes. The menu seems to have a good selection of sandwiches, cramped, and other items I hope to try soon!The closest to a traditional French crepe I've had do far in Philly. We went there for brunch and ordered the Egg On crepe and Salmon crepe. The Egg On crepe was delicious. The salmon one on the other hand was a bit too heavy on the spinach, which made the crepe soggy. Their coffee is good if you like it strong and a bit bitter. The place is very cute. There's few extra sitting in the basement, if you want to dine in.What an amazing place.  The crepes are amazing and as was said by many reviewers, the honeybee crepe is something you must try.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing with friendly staff.
This place is pretty hidden away and in a really random spot, but it's worth it no matter your travel.  If you're eating in be sure to check the downstairs to ensure there's room, it's small but very cozy.  I couldn't recommend this place more.I'm so happy I found this cafe near my new job. The coffee is always fresh and delicious, the crepes are just amazing, and the service is fast and friendly. I'm quickly becoming a regular. Iced hazelnut latte all day every day!Very cute place. 3.5. Nice variety of sweet and savory crepes. If you eat in, you order upstairs and they bring you your food to your table at a more spacious downstairs eating area.I had the Nutella crepe with Strawberries and a Mochachinno. Both were fantastic! I will definitely come back next time I'm in Philly.A few weeks ago, I walked over to meet my wife at the school where she works for an after school event.  I walked past Vineyards Cafe and did a double-take at the inviting, Nordic-like interior.  But I was running late and did not get to try it.  Then, the holidays came and I had to file Vineyards Cafe away...until yesterday.
The interior is clean and beautifully lit.  It makes for an inviting space to enjoy breakfast.  The owners are welcoming and friendly.  The menu small but more than sufficient.  The coffee (La Coloumbe) was excellent, crisp and fresh.  I ordered an egg sandwich with cheese and opted for the French Baguette (you can have it on a bagel as well).
My breakfast was a fantastic start to 2016, particularly on this first, cold day of work of the year.  The bread was excellent.  My eggs were cooked to perfection.  The cheese was melty and plentiful (perhaps a little too much cheese but I'll never really utter those words again).  There is a water station that looked thirst-quenching and extremely well-kept.
If I could, I'd park myself in the beautiful downstairs every day to work and eat.  Thanks, Vineyards Cafe for making my day and getting my 2016 off to a smooth start.  Buen provecho, Yelpers.Everything here was perfect. The crepes were to die for and the iced latte was some of the best coffee I have had. Great seating area downstairs and extremely cozy. Will be coming back next time I am in Philadelphia.Visiting Philly with my daughter last week. Met her friend and family here for brunch. Delicious, fast, and cool ambience. Very reasonably priced for Philly too.I am a HUGE fan of this place.  Orest and his wife (the owners) are genuinely nice people and the other employees are fantastic. They accommodate any menu tweaks i've asked for and they do everything in their power to make sure you are satisfied. All of the food I have had is well worth the cost (fairly average prices in my opinion)- they serve very generous portions!  The location is great since there is not many other spots like this in the area and the layout and design of the cafe is awesome. I recommend this place for anyone looking for a new breakfast/brunch/coffee go-to!Legendary crepes and quick service. I just wish there was a bit more seating and space, especially outdoors. My friends and I came for Sunday brunch and we huddled around a tiny table outside.Excellent mochaccino and cutest design! Peaceful here and great for a breakfast or beginning to your weekend morning! Great service as well- would definitely come back!Love the food here, everything seems fresh and clean. Service is polite and friendly. Just everything you want in a little breakfast place.This place is very good - 4.5 stars if I could. The crepes are delicious and affordable and the shop is designed a way that just makes you want to spend time there. If you're in the neighborhood or are just craving some crepes, this is the place to go!Best coffee and crepes in the area. I will often take a visiting friend here for breakfast, or come by myself on the weekends. Crepes are awesome, love the norwegian crepe. Also a fan of a baguette with jam and butter, they usually have a few jam selections that are interesting. Staff is really friendly, owner is usually there and he's nice. Also a highlight - they have a constant tap of infused water for customers!! Cute.Was looking for a place to grab breakfast and I knew this place was the one. Coming into the shop it was very clean and such a cute comfy spot! I ordered a latte and an American cheese omelette with spinach which came with a salad and a side of balsamic vinegar. I was super content with the whole plate. The omelette was well made and big and the salad was a very good portion. The latte was stronger than other lattes I usually have, but it was good! Overall I had a really experience here and left with a happy fully stomach!A sweet little spot for brunch. Small but super clean. The seated area is downstairs. 
Delightful crepes.  Goat cheese and figs: one of my fav combinations. My husband loved his ham on a baguette. Hot chocolate  was JUST sweet enough, not sickeningly sweet. 
Efficient, friendly service. 
We will be back!Vineyards Cafe is a cute little place for breakfast or brunch.  There are seats downstairs to relax and hang out.  And very clean.  I ordered two crepes for myself to try a savory and sweet crepe.  The Norwegian crepe had a decent amount of salmon, avocado and goat cheese filling.  And was a good portion.  I would like to have it again.  The Au Sucre crepe was like my dessert.  Plain but pleasant as I got a good sense for the batter they use.  This dish would be good for the kids.  And the perfect price for what I ordered.  I would like to come again and try something new.Fantastic little cafe hidden in an upcoming neighborhood nice outdoor seating reminds me of a cafe on Montmartre in Paris a must visit there coffees are amazing and food just deliciousWhat an awesome place close to home friendly staff very comfortable the food was great 5 stars all the way.So happy I visited and I cannot wait to get back. Beautiful building inside and out, pleasant and kind staff, and delicious savory crepes! I can't recommend Vineyards highly enough.One of the best chai lattes (hot or iced). Innovative and basic crepes. Ninja fast service. Relaxing neighborhood atmosphere.Came up to Philly for the weekend and we wanted something quick to put in our bellies before the Sunday morning drive...also we love crepes. 
This is a cute little unassuming place. (I would have missed it completely if it wasn't for the "open" sign.) When you enter, whether you want your meal to stay or go, you must order and pay upstairs. I went with the Norwegian (goat cheese, salmon and avocado) while my fiancé went with the Goat Turkey (goat cheese, turkey, fig spread). I also ordered the blood orange pear tea and he got the lime mint wellness. The prices were quite reasonable, even with 15% tip everything came up to~$25. 
You have to wait upstairs for your tea as they will bring the food to where you are seated but not the tea. We waited then took our cups downstairs. 
There aren't a ton of tables downstairs (or upstairs). About 2-3 two person tables and maybe 2 four person tables...were also 2 armchairs near a low table. It is quite intimate and closed in. There were a lot of what looked to be Temple college students and the place did seem to have that chill atmosphere that students would gravitate toward.  
We didn't have to wait too long for our crepes. They were QUITE filling, you only need one at a time! The Norwegian was ok, there was way too much goat cheese for me and it seemed to overpower everything. The Goat turkey was amazing, loved the fig spread, it added some balance. The herbal teas were also enjoyable (I recommend adding a sugar cube to the blood orange pear to really bring out the blood orange flavor). 
I enjoyed the nice touches like the lemon-cucumber ice water stations (one upstairs and one downstairs). Very refreshing. 
There was single gender neutral, differently abled friendly bathroom upstairs. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I would definitely like to come back to try the sweet crepes.Cute find. Def a local spot the pricing is amazing ! The food is fresh and not processed. It looks kinda small from the front but go downstairs and there is room to accommodate a good sized group. This would also be a nice place to study or just stop and grab a coffee or smoothieWow I never knew crepes could taste sooo good! LOVE this place! new favorite!! The strawberry au sucre was absolutely on point. It melted in my mouth lol. Their savory crepes taste amazing and are quite filling as well.Delicious HUGE lattes, which is perfect if you're here to write a paper like I was. I had the Egg On crepe, which was delicious (add fig spread, just  FYI!) and fruit infused water. I noticed previous comments mentioned a lack of outlets, but there seem to be more now...some by the soft  chairs and some underneath the bench seating by the tables. I will definitely come here often!Vineyards is my go-to cafe around N Broad/Fairmount. The owners are great people; kind and friendly. The food is excellent, especially the crepes.
I also recommend the omelettes. They are HUGE, and come with greens on the side, a nice touch. The crepes are also stuffed with goodness.
The coffee's great too, as are the bagels. Their speciality drinks are also good. If it's a nice day the outdoor seating provides great views of the Center City skyline. It's affordable too! What's not to love?Great little spot for coffee and breakfast. Bright and roomy, with a quaint feel. Bright pine everywhere, and a very welcoming downstairs seating area. The Americano Omlette was delicious and the owners are very friendly. Come in for coffee to go or food downstairs, but you'll enjoy it. 
There are plenty of outlets downstairs with large tables to get your work done as well.This place has most delicious crepes in Philly!!! Love there Philly crepe, Caramel Ricotta crepe and La Colombe coffee!! Love love love!!!Such a great, simple and delicious place! Definitely give this place a try, you won't be disappointed. La Colombe coffee and great food is a winning combination!Unforgettable flavor combinations! Have visited at least 5 times so far and have tried the Honeybee and Nutella crepes as well. However, the GOAT BACON is king. I wasn't thrilled when my wife ordered a savory crepe (as I had previously associated crepes with dessert). One bite and my eyes were opened. Delicious thick cuts of bacon tossed with mushrooms, balanced with acidic grilled cherry tomatoes, melded with goat cheese. Not your average crepe ingredients, but this menu item has brought us back repeatedly. As a matter of fact, I could go for one right now...What a pleasant treat! I picked my daughter up from Temple and took her here for brunch on a Sunday. Great menu for meat lovers like myself and vegetarians like my daughter. Would definitely go back here again and highly recommend.Terrific, cozy neighborhood cafe that looks very unassuming but has much to offer. The coffee is from la Colombe, so you know it's good, and the food is desirable as well. The menu is rather expansive for the size of the shop and they manage to do everything well from the sandwiches to the crepes. I highly recommend checking it out. Don't forget to check out the extra seating in the basement, but the outdoor seating is just perfect for the season!Vineyard is by far our favorite café! My boyfriend and I go every single weekend. The staff is welcoming and friendly and the food is always great. Love love love the coffee as well. Our normal order is: the Americano omelette (goat cheese instead of Gouda and add avocado) and we get the omelette on an everything bagel... plus the Caramel Ricotta crepe with apples (or bananas). Splitting both gives us savory and sweet perfection. The best!!!My husband and I LOVE going to Vineyards for breakfast or a quick coffee date. Anytime we have family in town, we take them here too. The couple that runs the cafe is wonderful and the coffee and food is phenomenal!!! Super relaxed atmosphere and prefect location!! So excited they're in our up and coming area!!!Crepes!!! That's all i need to say but i'll say more. Nice little place. There is a down stairs so dont worry if you see that there might not be any room for you and your friends. The downstairs is really nice actually. Comfortable chairs and charming little set up. I had the Americano crepe. Gouda, eggs and bacon. Perfect! With some pellegrino to wash it down. Great breakfast for only $10! You can get a crepe for as low as $3:50! So if you're on a budget and want a nice meal. No question, Vineyards is the spot!Excellent coffee, hot chocolates, and bagels!! Love this spot. The owners are so nice!! I can't wait to try their crepes!This place is the best! Wonderful service, delicious food that's reasonably priced, great coffee and tea, and a lovely ambience (particularly relaxing music). These guys always think of the tiny details (cold fruit water, proper coffee cups instead of takeout, fresh decor and a warm welcome), and it makes lunch at the Vineyards a pleasure every time. Highly recommended.Good coffee and nice staff! The seating area for doing work is great.Vineyard café such a cute hole in the wall! We almost missed it driving by. We walked in and all the women behind the counter were very kind and welcoming. I ordered the maple ham which was delicious and the coffee (latte) on point  I'm not a fan of salad but I had a taste and it was so flavorful. There is a bar and stools entering the Café with seating downstairs. Such a cute and soothing vibe it gives. This would definitely be my spot if I lived in the area.This place is great. The coffee is great, the crepes with a large variety of savory and sweet are delicious and the service is sensational. The shop is very inviting; Orest and his wife (shop owners) are super friendly. We were very surprised to learn that there was additional seating in the basement area which was very comfortable and nicely decorated.  If you're in neighborhood stop by and if you live a distance away it is with the trip!great coffee, great food, and a great staff. I usually get their lattes or cappucinos. Everything Bagel was also very good and huge!Outstanding! where do I start..
mochacino is tge best I ever had anywhere. the honeybee crepe was fantastic.one of the best I have ever had no kiding.  veggie omelet was fresh and tasty. next time I might switch the goat cheese with mozzarella or ricotta. strawberry nutella was also good, but honeybee was just anazing.  best of all price was very reasonable and service was excellent.Everyone one the menu is beautiful and delicious. The atmosphere of the cafe is wonderful. The earthy tones in the lower section is a hidden gem. Perfect place to relax and enjoy your meal. It's hard to leave once you get comfortable.A delightful place to eat lunch. The food and the hospitality were wonderful! Thank you Yelp for finding us a perfect place. =)The crepes here are the best!!! The service however sucks!! I live down the block from the cafe and order here quite often. 4 out of 5 times the lady who answers the phone always picks up and hangs up on you. Once I didn't have a menu so asked what the bacon crepes were and she hung up on me mid order.
A friend wanted to build her own crepe with "Nutella and bacon" and the lady at the counter looked at her like she had 2 heads.The crepes are amazing! Very fluffy and flavorful. They have really great iced coffee as well.Charming bright place, wonderful & attentive staff, & fabulous crepes & eggs. Great espresso drinks too! Excellent breakfast choice. So happy!What a secret gem! Go here if you love crepes! I ordered two of them and ate both without regret :)Dang yo this place is Poppin they have delicious treats and slamming coffee, do yourself a favor and go hereThis place was the cutest find and the perfect way to start my day trip in Philly. The atmosphere is so cozy and inviting, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Myself and one other person shared 2 crepes, an iced coffee, and a side of bacon, all DELICIOUS. We had the honeybee and the apricot comfiture. While I'm not a fan of cheese or eggs, the honeybee seemed to be such unique mix of tastes so we decided to try it, and I was pleasantly surprised. The apricot was also a delicious choice, and the mix of one savory and one sweet flavor were a nice blend. They also offer fruit infused water as a courtesy, which was a very sweet touch. Overall I was glad I found this gem, and I would certainly recommend it.Excellent food, atmosphere, and service.  The omelette on a baguette was AMAZINGCoffee and food were delicious. Pesto crepe and veg omelette were both awesome! A unique breakfast menu and a great little corner spot with friendly staff. Nicely decorated with indoor and outdoor seating. Walked a mile to get here after I saw the Yelp reviews- well worth it!A great neighborhood cafe! I especially love the outdoor seating so I can hangout with my dog.