Really yummy gluten free waffle. Really haphazard and unsafe allergen handling! :(
I checked out this spot for a quick stop for breakfast within walking distance from Rittenhouse. The place is small and hot, but welcoming and the person running the show behind the counter was very friendly. 
Things that concerned me:
1- young man behind he counter touched his stomach under his shirt at least 3 times with gloves on and didn't wash his hands till I told the more senior person that he'd licked his gloved finger after accidentally dipping it in the marshmallow
2- they have no clear cut system to keep gluten free things separate from gluten things i.e. The spears used to pry the waffle out of the press, the cooling rack, spoons that go into tubs are not changed and are rubbed of gluteny waffles ... Allergy dangerous!
I'm excited that they have a gf waffle base and it was very tasty, but if you are sensitive it's not yet a safe place because of the lack of awareness for cross contamination. I hope they improve upon this because it has great potential.I ordered from this restaurant using the UberEats app since we had a coupon. We got 2 meals for $10. I got the Waffle Chick, which is Chicken tenders over a waffle of your choice, and my friend got the strawberry shortcake. Overall, both were very good. If you are feeling extra lazy and want brunch delivered to you, this is a great alternative to going out and competing with the crowds on a sunday morning. Portions are small, so I added a fried egg to my Waffle chick.This place is the best, you can have both salty and sweet treats here.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDThis place is great, specifically for those with gluten allergies! They have a separate waffle maker for the gluten free waffles! they are very accommodating-subbed in chicken cheesesteak strips instead of the breaded chicken for the buffalo chicken wedges. Along with those wedges, we got gluten free nutella banana waffles. Both were delicious! Thank you, we will definitely be back. 
Cons: extremely small storefront and slightly expensive. 
I don't mind though. Loved it!We tried a savory waffle, a sweet waffle, and the potato wedges. The portions were small, so three orders were necessary for two adults. The fried egg added to the savory waffle was overlooked. The sweet waffle was too sweet, even though I tried ordering one that didn't sound too sweet. The wedges tasted stale, like the way French fries do when left out for a few hours. It had a mealy texture in the middle and was not crispy on the outside. I know for a fact that oven fries or potato wedges could taste a lot better. The staff was very friendly, so that was a positive, but I know I definitely could spent less on better quality food elsewhere.First impression: small place, no AC, I'd be worried about where you would sit if it was  busy.
That being said, really great options for toppings, nice people. The liege waffle seems small, but I feel like if you ate two, you'd vomit from eating too much. Watch for the number of toppings you put on it; my fiance felt his was too sweet with three.
We each got a liege waffle, and split the wedges. You get more food with the wedges than the waffle just based on price, and the wedges are baked, which makes it healthier and thus less guilt-inducing.
Great place for a brunch, both sober and hungover. I'd recommend the wedges over the waffle, but you can't go wrong with this place.Just had the waffle chick with Buffalo chicken on top of a waffle. And my boyfriend got the apple pie waffle. They're both so good. The Buffalo one taste awesome. With the sweet waffle base topped with spicy and savory Buffalo chicken was a perfect combination. Would definitely go back. 
We got it from the food truck at a festival so it was a little pricy. We paid $20 for both waffles.Absolutely delicious offerings here! Disappointed that they ran out of sweet potatoes, but my dulche le leche waffle with graham cracker and cookie dough was delicious! You can make it anything you want or choose one from the list. So worth the money!Great food!!!! The owners r Fabulous and ready to make whatever your heart desires!!! Sweet or Savory!!!Love this little gem!!! We will b back every chance we get!!!Adorable teeny little make your own waffle shop on a side street of Philly- feels like a step back in time.
Clearly it's a brainchild of a young, ambitious couple, whom we'd met that very morning. Or just young friends- I can't recall too correctly as the sweet fumes of oil, confectionary and chicken engulfed my brain. 
You can customize your waffles or pick one of their, literally off the chalkboard wall over the top creations. Do not miss their sweet potato fries under any circumstances and douse them in syrup- hey, when in Philly. No one came up with that. 
Pennies on the floor are such a picture worthy moment. We sat at the corner window until we were blue in the face from fried meat, carbs and ambient lightness that a good home-spun cafe should always impart. Def revisit if conditions permit.Randomly walked around Philadelphia and came across Waffles & Wedges. I got the chicken & waffles. Kind of small (like the size you'd get in a food truck), but still had good flavor.
The place is pretty small with just a couple of tables. The floor is covered in pennies!Creative genre with so many options to personalize your order to your liking.  Everyone in your group will find something they are craving.  Will definitely return to try more of the options! Cute atmosphere with friendly service, cozy finishing and unique decor.Waffles- a solid buttermilk waffle. The appeal of this place is the toppings and oh some pork roll and eggs atop the waffle make a nice brunch. I wish they gave 2 waffles and made it a sandwich!
Wedges-has the standard wedge fries. I found them very potatoey with little crispness. Will pass on these next time. 
Venue-tiny with 2 tables inside and 4 outdoor tables. Very friendly and helpful employees.I got the Veg wedges, aka potato wedges with like an ounce of avocado,  and some cheese. Wasn't very good, as it was mostly potato. I applaud this place being different and unique, but the execution could definitely be better. Needs more, better tasting toppings for this place to shine. My gf got a waffle, but was very unimpressed by the serving size. I don't blame her, the waffle was very small, especially for the price.I have gotten delivery from this place twice and I would eat their food every day. Chicken and waffles have never tasted so good. Please start opening on Mondays!Sweet potato fries are incredible I could live on them. And so reasonably priced! My sister's favorite are the potato wedges with buffalo sauce and chicken bites.Nice staff, great service, delicious food and solid options for those with food sensitivities.This place has the best waffles we've had anywhere, gluten free and regular. 
The toppings are seemingly endless, the staff is super friendly, and did I mention the waffles are delicious!!!
Can't recommend this place enough!I love the concept of this place, waffles and wedges- who can resist?! 
There's savory or sweet, but going with my female guilty pleasures... I obviously went for the sweet.  
However, my friends & I were not thrilled after all the hype during the block party $1 mini waffles. 
- Party Crasher (liege waffle with vanilla ice cream and jimmies): extremely soggy on the inside AND outside, overly sweet, and waited for 30 minutes while others waited up to 1.5 hours. However, this was a special event so the wait was obviously anticipated. 
An unsatisfied girl with her desserts did not leave happy, but I look forward to coming back to taste the improvements and during normal store hours.Really good food. Waffles are really tasty. The only problem is that if you look at the underside of the waffle, it always has black flaky pieces of  burnt waffle embedded in it. Always. The whole underside of the waffle is covered in it. That can only be from not cleaning the grill/waffle maker. All it takes is caring, and a wire brush, or some kind of rough metallic cleaning pad. Just once a day. I can't imagine the employees haven't noticed this themselves. I'm sure they have seen the underside of their own waffles. I'm always shocked that it's always like that and no one has done anything about it. I have been a customer for a few years and I'm always in a hurry so I've never had time to write this cause I usually eat my order on foot as I rush to work. . Lol. And the burnt pieces are cooked into the waffle, so its hard to take them off without throwing away a good amount of the underside of the waffle, so i dont always pick all the burnt pieces off. I figured, what the hell, there is a small amount of burntness on many things we eat that are on the well done side... toast, pizza crust, etc.. Plus, im on foot. Except,  the last time I got a waffle, I could taste the burnt pieces. Tasted like charred carbon.. ugh.. luckily, it was only just a hint of the overall flavor cause the waffle is really tasty, and, i guess everyone eats it like that and they're still in business, so I figure no one complains, plus, I'm always starving!...but ugh... I could taste the burnt flakes regardless. Care, and a daily cleaning... that's all.  Simple. That's what even slightly caring restaurant owners/employees do. It's a quality part of town. Make your product live up to it.Solid 3.5 star rating. I was pretty satisfied with my order, but I also think next time I'll order differently. 
Two of us sampled the waffle chick (chicken and honey), revolution waffle (banana, nutella, and fluff), loaded wedges (tipsy cheese, bacon, sour cream and I added avocado and egg whites) and plain waffle fries.
Hate to say it, but I think I was partial to the waffle fries. There was just a lot going on with the loaded wedges, and they made for pretty sloppy leftovers. Next time I feel like I'll go for a waffle with ice cream and waffle fries with the sober cheese sauce to still hit the same salty/sweet notes.This was our first stop on our Philly Phood Hop and it was a great start to our day. I had a sweet GF waffle (just classic-butter and maple) and savory waffle cut fries with eggs and bacon. Yummmmm. I wish I had photographed it! 
Great, fast service. Delicious, well made food. I will definitely ask for my GF waffle a little more well done (it was crisp and good, but a little blonde. I prefer my waffles golden-brown). But that's a preference thing! Not underdone at all. Will definitely be back. The location was easy to find; there's plenty of parking local (but it may cost you...)
Definitely try it if you're looking for breakfast in the city, especially if you have a problem with gluten.We were very disappointed with this place considering we were visiting Philly. We got there right when they opened but the customer service was terrible. We ordered the waffle chick and the waffle was burnt, stiff and not even complete. The presentation was subpar. The sweet potato fries were cold. I wouldn't go back.WOW I just had a fantastic Waffle Chick at the Waffles & Wedges booth at the Holiday Market at Dilworth Park .
Sweet and savory Liege style Waffle with warm honey barbecue chicken. Each bite better than the last.
If you haven't tried you are missing out.Food was good but a tad overpriced. Got my order wrong at first but made up for it later. Overall pretty good!Me and my friends decided to do brunch one day and after going through reviews. Waffles and wedges had a little something for all of us, so it seemed great. 
The staff- was super friendly and very helpful. They maintained a very clean environment, was very upbeat (in spite of the heat which could usually get people down) , and was extremely patient with all of us. 
The Wedges- we ordered the Loaded wedges. The fries was so delicious , I didn't even get a photo of them. 
The Waffles- 
    *I personally ordered the Liege waffle with Apple butter and bacon. I like the fact you can create your own, it's like a topping bar for waffles. 
    * My one friend got the Cookie Monster  ; I personally liked it but I guess it could be too sweet for some. Kids definitely would enjoy it. It gets your sweet tooth satisfied.
  *My other friend got the Waffle Chick; the chicken was really good. And paired with the waffle perfectly. 
I recommend everyone try it out, I'll definitely be back to try more.Amazing gluten free waffles and options. Great for savory. Great for sweet. Great staff. I'd eat here every day if it was possible. The punch card is exciting too. 10/10 would recommendFantastic! I got the Philly Melt, pretzel roll with cheese and steak, and loaded wedges, tipsy cheese.I went with a build-your-own liege waffle and got caramel and nilla wafer topping. I decided to add ice cream last minute and I highly suggest it! It is a simple waffle otherwise and kind of small for the price without the ice cream. I wish there was more seating too, but hopefully that will come with time. Very unique place, can't wait to returnI love this place! Every time I visit Philadelphia (regularly, since my fiancé lives here) we go to waffles and wedges. He actually lives closer to temple, so it's kind of a trip, but it's a given that we'll get there during my visits. Until very recently, phill was extremely gluten intolerant and so its awesome that they have a dedicated GF waffle iron and that the wedges are GF. 
In some sort of miracle, phill is no longer intolerant and we went today and he was able to have the liege waffle, which I also get every time. This place makes the best waffle I've ever eaten. I've noticed that I've started comparing waffles I eat elsewhere to waffles and wedges and they are the best every time. Phill agrees.
I've had the party crasher, goonies, sloppy seconds and phill always gets the revolution. We also usually get wedges with a few different dipping sauces. Love the sweet chili and the horseradish sauces best. Today we had the waffle cut fries and they were really good as well. 
The place is small, and yes, sometimes you do have to wait a little, but they are serving excellent homemade food. I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes, and it's been worth it every time. I think the prices are pretty decent also. Nice portions for the money. 
In the nice weather there is also seating outside which is really nice. Definitely worth checking out.Not a good experience.  My wife and I ordered the Liege waffle with two scoops of ice cream (pumpkin and pistachio), hot fudge and cashews.  The bill came to over $11.  There was only one other table in the place and it was not at all busy.  Yet the guy at the counter forgot what type of ice cream we ordered.  He had to come ask.  When the food was ready, he brought over a very small (about 3" x 3") waffle topped with one small scoop of pistachio ice cream, one tiny dot of fully melted pumpkin ice cream (about the size of a penny), cold and solid (not hot) fudge and peanuts.  There were two of us and he only gave us one fork and one knife??  I had to take it back to the counter to show him he put peanuts on it and we ordered cashews and also to get more utensils.  He just added some cashews on top.  Between the wrong nuts, cold fudge, totally melted tiny dot of pumpkin ice cream, the small size of the waffle itself, and the poor service, we were very disappointed.  It really looked like a dessert that should have cost $4.  Not worth anywhere near $11+.  With so many great fry and waffle/dessert places in the city, Waffles and Wedges was a big letdown.I stopped in today for the first time to get some wedges because my husband went out of town and it was time to get loose with some carbs baby!!I got the loaded wedges and they were slamming..I was really impressed.  They are way better than loaded fries.  I liked the menu because you could make your own wedge dish or pick a tried and true variation.  Service was excellent and I got my wedges piping hot and under 4 minutes.  I will definitely refer this place based on the food, service, and on point response to one of the off the chain yelp reviews.  Skillz.Only gave 4 stars because the potato wedges I've gotten on 2 occasions where under cooked, However that said, the flavors are amazing !! They have a Gluten Free Waffle as well, it's a tad dry, but with all the toppings it's still just as delicious !! Met the 2 owners they are so nice too, it's worth finding this place an checking it out for sure, I will be returning with more friends !!While visiting Philadelphia, I decided to check this waffle spot out that was 2-3 blocks down the street. To sum it up, the food was lit! (Lit is a term used by today's youth to express how amazing the said noun is.) I love the concept. Toppings on waffles?! Why didn't I think of that? They had ran out of chicken bites. Must be as lit as the waffles were! They served us chicken steak in place of it. Matched perfectly with my meal! Great spot. Will basis it every trip to the City of Brotherly Love!We only visit Philly once a year but I can safely say we wouldn't order from here again.  Delivery was extremely slow - close to 2 hours - and we were staying right down the street.  On top of that the food wasn't even lukewarm.  Cold waffles and potatoes and cheese are not tasty.  We tried the buffalo chicken, the crab and the breakfast one with everything in it.  Blah.  Probably would be better warm but still wouldn't be fantastic.  We should've just gone downstairs to eat at the hotel restaurant, now we know.Has never been to this place but my 16 year old daughter who has celiac wanted a unique place for her birthday celebration with friends. I called ahead as I was bringing 11 girls and the person I spoke
to said they could accommodate the gluten free diet as well as our group. I had read the seating
area inside was small but was surprised how small it actually was, but the staff brought in more
chairs and turned a table and all of our guests fit comfortably. The staff was friendly and so accommodating to our need to have everything gluten free, even making suggestions on how to make an item gluten free. They asked what kind of music my daughter liked and began playing that and had a candle for her "party crasher" waffle and sang to her. My daughter and her friends raved about how delicious everything was and they loved the gluten free waffles. Bonus is the prices are very reasonable too. As soon as we got home my daughter asked when we could go back againMy friends enjoyed their food but both the things that I ordered - gluten free waffle and plain wedges - were pretty lousy and identical in their lousiness: super mushy and wholly flavorless. I've had great gluten free waffles before that are crispy and fluffy and this was not that. The food landed like a rock of regret. No thanks.
*****I've received pretty nasty messages from the owner so I feel I should elaborate on my review which is claimed to be unfair. As I had written it quickly on my phone, perhaps that is true.
The experience began with a rude cashier,  seeming very impatient and irritated with the time we were taking to explore the menu despite us being the only customers there. 
I understood and still understand what I ordered: unflavored wedges. That does not change the fact that my wedges were mushy (not crisp as baked wedges can certainly be - I have cooked them at home, it's not an issue of being "healthier"
When I said my waffle was the same, I did not say I ordered a plain gluten free waffle - in fact, it had toppings of cheese and egg. Yet they were haphazardly thrown on and were overwhelmed by the mushiness and blandness of the waffle - it was just far too doughy and gluten free waffles can be light and crispy like regular ones.
Finally, the owner has repeatedly told me that I should have studied/understood from the menu that I was ordering plain things but this individual does not seem to understand that even plain potatoes or waffles can have flavor; it's not my lack of understanding the menu: my taste buds understood enough. I've had plain wedges before, I've had a plain waffle with egg and cheese before. 
One more side note: I don't recommend you go on a hot day as even though there was an AC unit it was not in use when we visited so it was pretty sweltering inside.Nice little place in downtown Philly. A veritable smorgasbord of toppings for a variety of waffles - they even have gluten-free options! This place was perfect for our group that had numerous food allergies because they customize each order! Sweet stuff, savory options, creamy, spicy - it's all there for you. And it's FRESH. That's a big bonus in my book. The bacon pieces on one weren't bacon bits. They were actual chunks of freshly cooked bacon. Great sauces. The staff is so nice, too. The only things that stopped me from giving it 5 stars was the lack of seating (2 tiny tables) and one dry, over-cooked waffle (out of 5). We will be back. It's a great place.On a sunday Morning this place got packed very quickly. I felt my veggie wedgies dish was very bland. The wedges were a bit under cooked, but at the most flavor. The avocado was not that fresh, there was  minimal cheese, i asked for an over easy egg to add on and it was sunny side that was kinda raw. Barely any flavor to this dish, i had to throw on salt and some other sauces. Over all, i was just not that impressed. I tried a piece of my friends waffle with chicken and hot sauce, it was okay but felt drowned in hot sauce. Cute spot tho, it might be better for sweets.Great atmosphere! The service here was great and extremely friendly. I had the waffle cut wedges with sriracha mayo. If you like your fries with a little spice, I definitely recommend paying the extra fifty cents for the sriracha mayo. 
The fries were made fresh, so it came crispy and soft on the inside. There is seating inside and outside the store. The decor is very cute and calming. I would definitely come back to try their waffles!!!I bookmarked this place when I moved here 6 months ago and only just tried it last week. The storefront was small, but cute, the prices were fair, and the gluten-free options were bountiful. Totally my cup of tea. It was a less than perfect experience, admittedly.
We ordered 2 entrees to share: nauti-waffle (gluten free) and the beef cheesesteak wedges. The counter-person/cook was super friendly, but was not knowledgeable about the menu, claiming that the sauce on the nauti-waffle (marked gluten free on the menu) may not be gluten free (she wasn't sure), so she swapped it out for cheese sauce. A little too much cheese sauce between 2 shared entrees, but fine, who am I to complain about cheese. Then, as she was cooking, she noticed she was out of onions. Who runs out of onions? I asked if she had mushrooms. "I have tomatoes?" she said. Nope. Too late to change my order, but fine. 
The food came out relatively quickly, to her credit. However, I found the wedges tragically unseasoned, her reasoning being so that we could season them ourselves. 
I know that hip cafes are really into DIY food right now but you *have* to season it behind the counter to some degree, even if just tossing them in a little kosher salt. Them's the rules. I didn't make 'em. [Source: 3+ years experience as a fry cook.] Plus, how am I supposed to adequately season something that is covered in toppings already? It's just not well-thought out, methodologically speaking. 
In the end, we ended up really enjoying the nauti-waffle. (Great crab, stellar waffle, good gluten-free cheese sauce) and even liking the steak on the wedges. But the wedges themselves were a disappointment, the earlier rationalization about DIY flavoring still unable to justify pale and undercooked potatoes.
I'd 100% return for a waffle, but I'm side-eyeing the wedge portion of the business name until further notice.Incredible experience.  First of all, the guy who gave 3 stars without ever eating trying it only because there was no chicken should be deleted.  This place is 5 stars all the way.  The attention to detail and quality of the ingredients is amazing.  I got the party crasher with bacon bits (which are delicious real fresh cooked bacon).  The portioning is perfect as you'll walk away full but not stuffed.Great things come in small packages or as the case may be here a small space. Interesting mix of sweet and savory options with either waffles or fries! Both are delicious and when wanting a "cheat" meal, I definitely rank this high on the listThe waffles are amazing. I got 2 "boring" waffles with strawberries and bananas. They were nowhere near  boring. So full of flavor! They have a ton of toppings so there's something for everyone. Perfect for brunch or an afternoon snack. :)Honestly, I was seriously unimpressed with this place. The idea is awesome but the execution is just so so. I tried the Veg baked wedges and it really was kind of bad. The cheese wasn't good and the tofu was just not the right texture for the wedges - maybe they should try baking the tofu too. I also had a leige (the sweet crunchy one) waffle with caramel and m&m's and honestly, It was inedible for me. I ordered both of these things to share with my boyfriend and was honestly mad that I was wasting calories on it. The shop itself is really cute and only has a few places to sit inside. I would maybe try coming here again if I lived on the block or something but living in Northern Liberties I'll probably never come again.Cute place, simple, quick and hits the spot. Tried the revolution waffle with shredded coconut (great) and got waffle cut wedges with cheese and the jalapeno dipping sauce - the snack size is big enough and definitely will be going back here!This review is for the Waffles & Wedges food truck (although I'm sure the food is the same at their standard location).
I just ordered the plain liege waffle and it was soooo good.  I could have eaten 4 more of them.  One thing I appreciate about Waffles & Wedges is that they offer a plain liege!  Often at waffle trucks, every option comes with loads of sweet icing, nutella, or other toppings.  Sometimes you just want pure waffle!
My order came out very quickly.  The waffle was hot, caramelized, and crispy on the outside with a soft chewy interior.  Plus it was only 5 bucks.  Can't beat that.Ordered for take out. My waffle was burnt on the bottom and they still packaged it and served it to me. The chicken tasted like microwave popcorn chicken. I usually don't write reviews but this place is one of the worst overpriced places i've been to in center city! Don't waste your money!Probably one of the most interesting yet simple food experiences I've ever had. The wedges were good with the option of various toppings to add but the waffles were amazing. I had the waffles with chocolate chip cookie dough, whipped cream and vanilla ice cream nothing short of delicious. The staff was nice but the business would probably benefit more with having a bigger space but other than that great place definitely would go againMy boyfriend and I have wanted to stop here  for a few weeks and finally gave it a try today! The place is small but cute and has outdoor seating which was perfect for a beautiful day like today. We split the Sloppy Seconds sweet potato wedges and the Philly Melt sandwich, which were both great! Very friendly staff, quick service and food came out fast. We will be back to try the sweet stuff for sure.The liege waffle was not as dense as i had expected and maybe the waffle needs to be cooked longer because it was just a bit soft/soggy. The wedges were yummy--smart idea to put savory toppings. In general the food is a solid option but i think it's overpriced for what is served.Wedges were more liked a baked potato. Definitely cool options on the menu but I was assuming I was going to get more of a loaded fries feel. Staff is very friendly and helpful with order. Does not have a large seating area. Probably better for take out.I saw this food truck at beer fest this weekend and I was very into the idea of a buffalo chicken waffle cause hello buffalo chicken is life. The topping was very good, the sauce had the right amount of spice with perfectly cooked shredded chicken. While the waffle was really good, nice and fluffy inside while crisp on the outside, I found it to be overly sweet for this savory preparation. I can imagine the waffle would go super well with one of their sweet combos but with the buffalo chicken it just didn't belong. I think they would definitely benefit from a savory waffle batter for these items with less sugar. Overall, would not get a savory topping again but would come back to try a more dessert waffle!I had the cookie monster waffle while i was doing laundry down the road. It was a Liege waffle topped with speculoos, edible cookie dough, Oreo cookies & whipped cream, which sounded like sugary goodness and it was incredible tasting. The service was pleasant, and the cooks were friendly.Loved the quality of the food and fun staff. Thank you, W&W for making our brunch AWESOME!Interesting concept. I went with savory and ordered the waffle fries with american cheese, 2 fried eggs, avocado and horseradish sauce on the side. It was good. I got the small portion which was plenty large. I would return for dessert to try ice cream and waffles. There are 2 tables inside and 2 tables outside. Most people come in to eat and then leave.My friends enjoyed their food but both the things that I ordered - gluten free waffle and plain wedges - were pretty lousy and identical in their lousiness: super mushy and wholly flavorless. I've had great gluten free waffles before that are crispy and fluffy and this was not that. The food landed like a rock of regret. No thanks.Found this place while exploring Yelp, it was so good we went two days in a row!! The 'dining area' is TINY but the waffles and extras make up for it! Liege waffle is even good all by itself, a little pricey for the portion size, but great overall5 people total and food takes 30 min to arrive. Staff confused with how to use the iPad to place orders and seem to be quite confused as to how to function in the kitchen. Unless this functions like their food truck, it won't survive long.Yes! Leige waffles! Sweet potato fries! Pretzel buns! Please mind my excitement - I really like all of the food here.
My favorite part is the customization.  There are *so* many combinations of sweet and savory one could do (but never combine sweet and savory because... it's blasphemous /s).  Also, everything is made fresh, which surprised me, because I semi expected to see waffles hanging around.
As it stands, I see this as more of a take-out joint. However, there are some tables outside for groups of people that can be used weather-permitting.Be ready to be overwhelmed by their menu! They have so many different choices for their waffles and wedges, and you can even make your own creation. Nonetheless, if you order wedges, be aware that you're basically ordering a plate of potatoes!  Super yummy, but it felt like I was just eating French fries for lunch. The waffles were delicious, and even though they seem small, they really fill you up! There isn't a lot of seating indoors and out, but rittenhouse isn't too too far away for a nice waffle out at the park!We ordered via delivery (Seamless) and they sent me a regular waffle instead of a gluten free one. If I hadn't had their gluten free waffles before I wouldn't have realized the mistake and would have gotten incredibly sick. In addition, each of the toppings we ordered were not sent and the wedges were under cooked (half raw) and cold. When we called to report the mistakes to Seamless they called Waffles & Wedges and they denied it. Please be careful if you are eating here as they clearly do not understand or care about how serious this is. If I could do no stars I would.This place is awesome! They serve delicious Belgian waffles made to order, along with a huge selection of sweet and savory toppings. A lot of the toppings come for free -- like sriracha, cinnamon, powdered sugar, etc. The "love bites" are bite-size pieces of waffle that are great for snacking on the go. 
The wedges are baked Belgian frites that come with a good selection of sauces. 
They're less oily than normal fries, which I like.  The only minor quibble I have is that the dip in the paper tray will drip into the cone faster than you'd like, so the sauce can end up in the bottom of the cone before you've finished the fries. Like I said, a minor complaint.
The owner Andrea is also really wonderfully friendly and accommodating. She knew me by name after only my second visit. And after a small mix-up in a group order on our first visit, she personally delivered to us a complimentary waffle treat that had chocolate and ice cream all over it. Delicious!
I am so glad this place opened up in my neighborhood. It's perfect for brunch, a snack on the go, or a satisfying fix for my sweet tooth while I'm studying at home. They have some seating -- one or two small indoor tables, and several coffee-size tables set up outside as well. It's the perfect amount of space for when the weather is nice, though it would probably be a squeeze to come here with a group on a rainy day. In any case, it's a nice cozy little neighborhood restaurant.
Also, I don't know what the previous reviewer is talking about -- there are plenty of meats on the menu if that's your thing. I'm vegetarian so haven't tried them, but have heard good things about their pork roll. They also have spicy sausage, bacon, crab cakes, etc, on the menu so there's no shortage of savory meats.A three is kinda pushing it on the review tip. More like a 2.5. Have been to this place twice and my major problem is the wedges. The regular potato ones are ok but the sweet potato wedges are the worst. Both times the wedges were not fully cooked through making them inedible also because they are also very thick I'm cut. If the place is named waffles and wedges you would think those things would be to perfection. The waffle however is a pretty decent waffle and the toppings are good. Haven't went for the sweet stuff but the crabcake has a decent flavor, more crabmeat than filler, on the nauti waffle. The waffle chick is also pretty tasty. On the Web it seems that the waffle chick is breaded chicken with honey but in the store it was baked chicken in a nice sauce. Either way I had them both was good. So overall if you go, stick to the waffles because the wedges need a lot of work.I was pleasantly surprised to see a place selling waffles and fries, having just come back from a long trip in Belgium where waffles and fries are a cultural staple. I ordered wedges with eggs, cheese, and pork roll (because it was breakfast time) and a liege waffle. Overall, it was very good! However, I was a little shocked by how expensive it was. Having just gotten back from Brussels where I could get a great waffle for 1 euro and fries for 5 or less, I was just shocked at the price. But I guess they're the only Belgian waffle place (that I know of at least) in center city.First time here   . Wow for the price , the portion of food is unbearably small.  I would suggest that for anyone consider going here , make sure that you look at the menu first before going.  For 9.5 dollars you get a size of dish that is worthy of 3 dollars at most. Be aware!I came here because I was looking for something quick. Given that this place isn't a sit-down restaurant but more of a grab-and-go stand type place, it was frustrating how long it took. Also, the staff were being overtly rude about customers who were calling them, which is not a good look especially when there are a bunch of customers within earshot standing in line. I sat patiently inside waiting for my order to come out for over 20 minutes, and when it finally did come out, the cashier mistakenly gave it to someone who had just ordered and so I had to jump in and correct her. Once we did get our food, it tasted good but we were shocked at how small the portion sizes were for the price.. especially the chicken and waffles which were $9 for something I could eat in two bites. I was really excited about this place but ended up being really disappointed. You're better off going to one of Philly's great diners where you'll get better service and prices.In Philadelphia visiting and stumbled upon this place on Yelp. We had the Buffalo wedges and the smores waffle. Both were delicious! The waffle was my favorite! I highly recommend!This is a gem in the rough!!! The food was absolutely delicious. Good idea for first date, date night different or can't decide whether you want desert or real food this was the best of both worlds. The ambience is really nice. The severs were Christian and po and they made it even more of a wonderful experience i def recommend this place. I had the waffle with apple pie filling and vanilla ice cream DELICIOUS my daughter had buffalo wedges DELICIOUS! Give it a tryI work just a few blocks from here and was super excited to see Waffles and Wedges open! There is no shortage of places to grab lunch or some sort of treat near my office - but this is a welcome change from the typical sandwiches, salads, and pizza most places have to offer. There are a few different sizes and so many topping choices for your waffles or wedges that you can make it a full meal or have it as snack/afternoon excuse to escape the office. Being an indecisive food orderer - I was almost to the point of being overwhelmed with the amount of choices - waffles or wedges? Sweet or savory? SO MANY TOPPINGS! But the staff was friendly and patient in answering all of my questions about the different options. There are a also few specials if you are struggling to create your own. Sweet won out and I went for a liege waffle with Nutella and peanut butter cups and the warm waffle made the Nutella melt into a delicious treat. I will definitely be back to try the wedges soon!A cool spot we came across on a philly overnight adventure! The deal is this, put a bunch of crazy toppings over a sweet waffle or some crunchy waffle fries. You can go with either sweet or savory. This time I went with savory and got the buffalo chicken with ranch, a fried egg, and hot sauce over a waffle (perfect hangover food). While I did enjoy my food they kind of overdosed the hot sauce onto the waffle. Good thing the sweetness of the waffle kind of cuts the heat of the hot sauce. Next time I think I will opt for something sweet to try here. My friend on the other hand wasn't too fond of her food, unfortunetly. Definitely a cool idea and a really cute spot to hang at especially with the outdoor seating! I will be back to try some more stuff.These waffles (the liege ones) are better than I expected. There is a carmel-y taste to all the crispy edges. I didn't even eat mine right away and it was still crispy. I had the one with the chicken bits and could not have inhaled it faster. Pleasantly surprised. 
I also ordered pick-up and my order was ready right away. I will be eating here again.Although the waffle was very tastee, the price was not worth for the wedges with some toppings. Overall it overpriced. They were very friendly thereWaffles and wedges is delicious! Been there twice. The wedges are the best and I love that they are made to order with whatever toppings you'd like. I got the "sober" cheese sauce which has heavenly-loved that cheese sauce.
I also got a leige waffle but I got it plain. I added cinnamon and sugar to it afterwards. I felt the waffle was a really good waffle but needed more flavor, probably should have gotten an actual topping. They aren't as sweet as normal Belgian leige waffles but seemed to be the perfect waffle to cover in toppings or ice cream! 
The staff was very friendly and it didn't take long at all. Will definitely be back again!Stumbled upon this listing on Yelp while researching for places to have brunch after my sisters bachelorette party and we were so excited to try their waffles, we were not disappointed! The waffles were a great size since they are more dense than a typical waffle and there were so many options for toppings! Besides the waffles, the loaded wedges were amazing (so much so that we ended up coming back for more!) Definitely a great spot to hit after a night on the town.This place is AWESOME!!! I work close by and decided to venture over with a few of my co workers. I can't begin to describe how DELICIOUS everything was! The waffles are totally on point, the salted caramel is legit, and the waffle cut fries are insane. AND they have Bassets ice cream??!!  Super cute location with outdoor seating, and the staff was all smiles. We loved it!  I'm definitely taking my husband with me next time, it's a super cute date spot!!
 Thanks again guys, YOU ROCK!!!Waffles are amazing!  Sweet potato wedges were amazing!! Love the names and flavor combos too!!  More seating available outside than in.  Cute little place that everyone should visit.  Excellent job, ladies!!The good: the ladies behind the counter are really pleasant and the storefront looked clean.
Although its pricey, the portion is pretty large. 
The not so good: I ordered the loaded wedges and added the chicken bites. 
Am disappointed to say that I didn't enjoy it at all. There was no seasoning on the potatoes and the chicken bites were either chewy or too hard bite into and enjoy. Just all around bland. 
I'd try this place again for the waffles sometime but I'd forgo the wedges.Decided to FINALLY stop in after having this place bookmarked for months. Came with my friend and my godson and we all tried something different. I got the loaded wedges while my friend got the Nauti waffle and my godson got the party crasher. 
OH. MY. GOD. 
We all enjoyed every bite. The staff was amazing and because of the time we came (6:45 on a Friday) it was pretty empty. Got to sit and enjoy the food while conversing with others in the space. 
Small place. Great food. Worth every dime.Amazing little Shop in downtown Philly and fell in love instantly with the decor and detailed menu. Huge fan of breakfast food at any time of day and just had to check this place out and can't wait to go back and bring a different friend. Gluten free menu was great and so many choices for GF ppl. Prices were low and great and perfect day to stroll the city and pop in for a bite to eat inside or outside.