It is the location and the view that makes this restaurant what it is. Probably a place with subpar food could survive at this location (right on the river, behind the Art Museum, overlooking Boathouse Row)- but the bonus here is that the Water Works food is actually quite delicious. 
If you can, get a seat outside, or in the windowed dining room. The floor-to-cieling glass allows a spectacular view of boathouse row and the river. It's kind of fun to realize that all those people you see on the Schuylkill are commuting, and you're not one of them. Drink champagne while thinking these thoughts if at all possible.
The biggest drawback here is the crowd. To be frank, they're old (ageism warning here). You can go to fancy, nice restaurants in the city where the crowds are young and more fun, and make you feel more comfortable, but this will not happen at the Water Works. Being in our late twenties, we were totally out of our element here. 
Oh well, the rest of the experience made up for it. 
If at all possible, have Richard as your waiter. He was the best waiter we had maybe ever in our lives. 
This place is known for an award winning pastry chef, so don't fill up before dessert.HORRIBLE DISAPPOINTMENT!!  
This restaurant was one of our favorite, close to our hearts. My husband and I got engaged there in 2011. In 2012 we had here our rehearsal party. We made dinner reservation for last Friday to celebrate our engagement and asked if it's possible to sit on the balcony, where we had our engagement. We were happy and looking forward to our evening. On Friday after arriving in a cab (dressed up and happy) we were told that the whole restaurant is booked for a privet party. The manager said that we probably confused the date (REALLY???!!! We confused our engagement date??) He checked and said that in fact we were here 2 years ago for our engagement and last year for our rehearsal party but that it is impossible that we had a reservation for today. I stood speechless holding up hand to my face, and as disappointed as I was I realize that it's human to make mistakes and clearly someone uninformed took our reservation. What was truly horrible and hurtful was the no reaction from the managers. We were not offered ANYTHING for their mistake, they only asked if they can make a reservation for us somewhere else (SOMEWHERE ELSE???) My husband and I stood there (holding back our tears) as the managers ruined for us the dear and happy feeling we once had for this place. What a shame, I feel like crying.
Now, it's been a week. The general manager called us and we have received a $100 gift card....AND we are reluctant to go back....
Meh....I came here on a date on a Sunday night during Memorial Day.  Overall, the experience was very nice.  We got a table outside overlooking the water, and without that, I don't think the experience would have been the same.
So, a list:
The Good:
- good waiter service, very pleasant and professional
- the decor is lovely, especially outside at night
- they have a good selection of meals, and the food is delivered quickly
- the raspberry cheesecake and creme brule are DIVINE
- taking a walk after around the property is a pure pleasure... there is a lovely walking path and gazebo right next to the restaurant. I highly recommend this if you are on a date and looking for a romantic stroll.
The Bad:
- the bartender was terrible. While we waited for a table, he did not even ask us if we wanted a drink after sitting for 15-20 minutes!
- the bread they give out at the beginning is lackluster... for the price of the food here, I expected rich and decadent crispy bread
Overall, decent experience and I would recommend it. However, I have been to better and have had more glowing experiences!Reading my fellow yelpers' reviews, I'm surprised I've had such positive experiences with the service at this restaurant. I went yesterday for the Valentine's Day dinner service and I've been 3 times before that and, each time, the staff has been attentive, helpful, and gracious. 
The food on the cupid (v-day) menu was somewhat disappointing. The lamb meatballs were a bit dry, and the dessert and mixed green salad were somewhat uninspired. I suggest saving your money for the regular service. I recommend ordering the grilled rack of lamb. Unfortunately, the regular menu's changed a bit since my last visit- oh how I miss their chocolate beignets!
The dining room is spacious and grand and the view is phenomenal. The seats with good scenery get booked early, though, so make your reservations asap!Water Works is no longer a restaurant. Only catering and events. That is the news I received when I called to try and make a reservation. Their website is still saying that they take reservations for brunch, lunch and dinner; however that is not the case. Too bad. Loved the view.The lovely view may help to ease your pain after you've shelled out way too much for a sub-par cocktail. 
While the prices are comparable to those at an upscale craft cocktail establishment, the drinks are more like what you'd have during your next layover - mid-range spirits and grocery store mixers. My manhattan was remarkably bad, while my companion's drinks were all sugar bomb juice concoctions served in martini glasses.  
If you're in the neighborhood, I'd recommend taking in the view from the veranda before getting your dinner/drinks someplace else.WARNING!!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU ARE READY FOR THE STAFF TO STEAL YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION AND BUY THINGS WITH YOUR CARD!  
I called to make a Valentines Day reservation which required my credit card in case of cancellation.  With in twenty four hours someone was making charges on my card, which I never use so that I know that it was someone coming from the Restaurant!I went here a while a good the place is on a wonderful location  but I wished I had a view. We sat in the main dining area the bread is fresh and warmly toasted and the waiter was very nice. I don't really remember what I had but I just remember that it was very well done. The ambience was very nice with high ceiling and wonderful lighting. The chair  furniture was mAde of a woven straws makes me think of something I would see in a beautiful summers dayWe went here for Mother's Day buffet brunch and really enjoyed it. We got to sit outside on a lovely day, which is always a plus. My mother, sister and I were very pleased with our options for the buffet. Everything was delicious, and the place is really nice inside. They offered free valet parking, but I'm not sure if that was just because it was Mother's Day. Either way, it's a nice option.We stopped by for a celebration lunch after our son graduated from Temple. The entire staff worked together to make this a memorable time. They were friendly, attentive, and made us feel right at home. The food was terrific! Our server, Emilio, had a great sense of humor and made a great effort to make this lunch special - including bringing out a surprise congratulatory dessert, complete with candle. Thanks to everyone there for making a special day even better.Having our wedding here will truly go down as one of the biggest regrets of my life. The event coordinator Gary was responsible for ruining most of what went wrong in the months leading up to the wedding and on our wedding day. He was difficult to work with, was very arrogant, tried to plan our wedding how he would want it done instead of how we asked, was unfamiliar with the terms of our contract throughout planning, and was just generally unprofessional. He repeatedly rescheduled our tasting (and tried to have us do our tasting a few days before the wedding), never wrote down the desserts that we chose at the tasting so we had to pick them from memory months later and picked different ones as a result, and changed the cake company they were contracted with after we had already sampled the first bakery. Worst of all, he wasn't available for our rehearsal. Two months before the rehearsal, he claimed that another couple lost their child and therefore they would be flying in for one day for their tasting... coincidentally on the day of our rehearsal. A very sad story (if it's even true) but still have no idea how that results in their tasting being scheduled the same day as our rehearsal TWO MONTHS LATER. So his assistant (very nice girl) handled our rehearsal but did not seem to know what she was doing... Fast forward to the wedding, and somehow the bridesmaids and bride end up walking down the aisle IN DEAD SILENCE, no music. Afterward, we asked Gary, THE EVENT COORDINATOR, what happened and he said it wasn't his responsibility. Our DJ told us that water works staff told him not to play music because we had a singer, which is true but we explained during rehearsal that the singer would be singing two songs after everyone was at the altar, not during the procession. And it gets worse... 1.We found out after the wedding that Gary had moved guests around on our seating chart after it was finalized, 2.We told Gary to serve guests dinner while we took photos before dinner started... 45 minutes later, Gary still had not served anyone food. Luckily our parents told him then that he needed to serve dinner as we had instructed him to do, 3.We were supposed to have signature drinks but they didn't make any, 4. Their "security" didn't prevent anyone from walking through the area THAT WE HAD RENTED outside of the restaurant. We even saw the security guard taking photos under our altar outside as strangers wandered through the property. This venue is nothing but a money pit and definitely NOT WORTH the minimum ~$25k that is required to host a wedding there. Go somewhere, ANYWHERE else, seriously. I'd give this place negative 1 million stars if I could.I love the history of this place (and have taught classes here), and the idea of a fine-dining restaurant in the upstairs/patio space was so exciting that my wife and I have been looking forward to trying it since they opened.  Prices are high, but the time was finally right when we got a Open Table coupon.  Reading the Yelp reviews was absolutely excruciating, and our expectations were as low as they could possibly be, but we figured that with $25 off, we could handle some bad service.
Either we were amazingly lucky or they have upped their game in terms of service.  On time for our 7:00 reservation, we were seated immediately at an outside table with a great view on a gorgeous early-summer evening.  The service was excellent--no complaints, and we didn't hear or see any service problems anywhere near us for the whole time we were there.
The food was very good--not exactly Marc Vetri or Jose Garces caliber, but very good, and portions were fairly generous.  (Bear in mind that the prices are high, no doubt about it.)  Our highlight was the Grilled Halloumi Tower appetizer, with roasted green pepper sauce--carefully executed and delicious.  Arctic char entree was simple but well prepared, and the Jidori Chicken with garlic mashed potatoes and haricots verts (I only ordered it because the avalanche of negative reviews scared me away from the higher-priced entrees) was very good: as is the case at many restaurants, there was one leg piece (moist and delicious) and one big breast piece (meaty but dry).  Why does everyone do this?  Spare us the dry breast!  The wine markup was sizable, as it is everywhere, but the selection was good and ours hit the spot.
And the view!  Cliché but true: it's truly memorable and enhances the experience in a big way.  Worth at least a considerable portion of the inflated prices.
Given the overwhelmingly negative experiences of so many other reviewers here, I hesitate to say that our experience was representative, or that things have definitely changed here.  But I hope so--at least we had a great experience tonight.It is very rare that I don't' check yelp rating before deciding on a restaurant.
I don't go to restaurant that's below 3.5 rating on yelp.
However, I am glad that I didn't check the rating on this restaurant before I go.
yelp review doesn't do this restaurant justice.
I was going to give this restaurant 4 stars but I decided to give it 5 stars hopefully to help the rating.
I had an Amazing experience!
I don't think it's a tourist trap.
This restaurant has the best view of the dam and we were lucky enough to be seated on the front row of the patio so we can have a good view of the dam.
Appetizer: lamb lollipop is great!
Main entree 1: duck which I didn't know prior to this can be eaten medium rare which is cooked perfectly, the sauce is a bit sweet though.
2:chicken also taste quite good
Dessert is okay
service is great and food comes quickly.Water Works is in a beautiful setting, but the food is not very good.  Out of our party of 6, only 2 of us really liked our meals.  They over cooked steaks making them tough and tasteless.  The risotto was mushy and bland.   But, it was beautiful on the terrace over the river.I am giving this place 5 stars based on the staff and the fact that I feel if I was there with a fixed menu-it would have been a completely different experience. Not that my menu choice was terrible by any means.
I went here with a large group. We had the entire restaurant to ourselves which was lovely. The even told us we could alter the dress code as well as let our group have a few mummers dancing and playing music while we ate. {not my cup of tea, but hey!} 
The staff was friendly and quick and catering. Minus waiting 25 minutes for a drink in the beginning. But it was understandable. The main guy running the show, not quite sure his role in everything, restaurant manager?, was a real GEM! I would be lying if I said we didn't totally hit it off. Sweet little French man! I would go back for him alone! 
Our meal options consisted of filet or salmon. I opted for the salmon. To start I had a ceaser salad which was very, very tasty! It even came with a sliver of an anchovy, which I tried for the very first time. After the salad our main dish was quickly served. My salmon was a bit undercooked for my liking. I'm a bit picky with my food being COOKED, unless I'm eating sushi. Nonetheless, it was good. Don't get me wrong. I just maybe had a bit of a hard time eating it. Along side we had mashed potatoes and asparagus. Both also very good. Cooked to perfection! For dessert we had creme brulee. Another first for me given I am not much of a sweet eater. But let me just tell you...this baby ROCKED! I was very impressed and might have just found a new love. 
It was a wonderful experience and I hope to return soon to try some other dishes!The best thing about brunch here is sitting out on the patio on a nice day is just lovely.  But I can sit outside at many restaurants on a nice day and enjoy it without the $40 price tag! 
 The food: standard brunch, nothing special and the hot food was not hot-warm at best.  
The drinks: there were 4 of us at the table who all heard complimentary mimosas so we each had two.  Well the bill came charging us for 4 and the waitress said only the first is complimentary.  Hard to believe 4 of us heard that wrong.  Coffee is unlimited but a charge for tea...seriously? It's hot water and a tea bag!!
  Wait staff:  attentive and friendly. 
 Host: Downright rude.  When we arrived to valet park there was no one at the valet stand.  So we parked the car, proceeded to the restaurant host stand and explained and still offered to pay the valet fee.  The host very loudly said no we can't do that there are 3 people out there and our car will be towed.  Sorry, but I was always taught the customer is right even when wrong but not this guy his message was the customer is wrong even when right.  He went outside to prove we were wrong only to find the valet stand unattended.  So I not so nicely said see I think you owe us an apology to which he said and I will quote, "please go inside the restaurant you are causing a problem".  None of us could believe this!  The proper way to handle this situation would have been when we first approached, to apologize for our inconvenience, seat us at our table and then go find out what is going on.
Don't waste your time or money!I read some of the reviews prior to posting this, and it seems that it can be hit-or-miss depending on what you get from Water Works. That said - we had great service, really enjoyed the food, and had a great view. Not sure what it takes to get that seat view, but I think it made a world of difference.
The first thing I noticed is that the space is big, very spacious, very well-lit. The seating space to the right of the host desk is a little smaller- filled with tables of two (ha.). The ambiance is more solemn, relatively shushed, but not in an uncomfortable way- maybe we young whippersnappers should generally take conversation noise down a notch.
Dinner was great. We had one server but were attended to by a host of people - water, bread, etc. I thought it was funny that you get a piece of bread at a time. We started off with mussels - very well done, very tasty 'soup' to dip the bread in afterwards, not too salty. The entrees were great as well - J said the whole bronzino was delicious, and my duck breast (cooked medium per waiter's recommendation) was great as well. 
The other perk about WW being near the river is that, weather permitting, the walk by the Art Museum is incredibly scenic. This isn't ground-breaking news, but it was so nice to take a walk after dinner.
Other notes
- The bathrooms are amazing. I hope you take it upon yourself to use them. Bright, clean, relatively spacious, and outfitted with great paper(?) towels.
- I have no idea what it takes to get a window view, but it completely elevated the experience. So this converging with delicious food and attentive services makes WW one of my most memorable dining experiences in Philadelphia.Had brunch at Water Works on a beautiful Sunday.  Buffets are very efficient way to serve food - its all ready, nicely spread out.  WW has a decent spread;  an omelete station (they are light and tasty), a waffle station, and crepes.  They have some salad, cucumbers and heirloom tomatoes, cubed cheeses, some seafood, smoked nova (complete with chopped egg, onion, and capers - got to do it right!), and i think there was a bin of french toast but I didn't try any.  I love halibut, but the steamed halibut was just fair, not great.  They have bagels and croissants, and lots of dessert choices.  Coffee was excellent.  What's the problem?  It is way too pricey - something like $40 per person.  If you are going to charge THAT much, you need to have absolutely everything.  And by everything, I mean many more bread & flatbread choices, many more smoked fish (like whitefish and sable), poached salmon, cereals, chocolate milk (that is essential).  The service was excellent, the venue is beautiful.  I would go back.  But it is too expensive...Despite the fact that I was FREEEEEZING my butt off the entire time (the staff had to bring me table cloths to wrap myself in) I thought the meal was slightly above average. First of all, our reservations were for 8p and they did not seat us until 8:45pm when we threatened to storm off and go to Bookbinders. Nothing is more unprofessional than an establishment not honoring their reservation time.  
The food was actually pretty good. I liked the grilled octopus but I've had better at Locanda in Washington, DC. As for the main meals they were tasty and portions were huge. We had to take some home.Desert was not memorable. Honestly... I do not remember what I had and I am a desert junkie. 
Overall the dining experience was unique but the decor of this establishment didn't "pop". And seriously, bring a jacket. This place is a freezer.OK, so I have been meaning to write a review, since there have been so many negative ones...My husband and I went for the Sunday brunch, yes $40 a person is pricey, but it was well worth it. The food selection was great and the food quality was high. The wait staff was good, they took our order, bought our drinks, took our plates all while being pleasant. What else do you want? Yes we will recommend and will also go again when looking for a special occasion.My daughter and I had brunch here. It was very pleasant and a large variety of foods. We sat indoors which was very pleasant. On a hot steamy Philly day it's better to be indoors. The regular brunch is pricey at $40. Each yr they have this special day when it's $15.Awful.  Worst dinner I've had in a long time.  The food was cold, the white wine was warm.  Overall, the food was bland, over-priced, and just not good.  The view does not overcompensate for the food and, unless you're sitting outside on the terrace, you can't see much of the view anyway.  The service, however, was very nice.  The staff was attentive and friendly.  I still, unfortunately, wouldn't recommend this place.My son had his wedding rehearsal & wedding at The Waterworks--very disappointed in management--hard to work with-unpleasant atmosphere--snobby--If we could have changed the venue we would have--your staff needs to take lessons on attitude adjestment-we are the ones paying for your serviceIt is shocking this place is still open. I had my wedding here and things could not have been worse. Gary will act like he will be great to work with until he gets the last paid bill. I actually was told when things were going wrong in my wedding that he was in a meeting. A wedding coordinator during your wedding is in a meeting? He asked me how wide the aisle needed to be and I told him both my parents were walking me down and it still was not wide enough, my dad had to walk behind me. I was told the song I chose for the bridal party made him want to slit his wrist along with several other rude comments. For example, instead of asking my father to pay for valet parking he said he would just get his credit card at the end of the night when he was drunk. How professional! Everyone was supposed to eat dinner at 8pm and some tables weren't served until 9:45pm. I could obviously rant forever but the bottom line is this place was nothing but a terrible experience. It is horrible it all had to take place on my wedding day.Last night my family had a surprise b-day party at the Waterworks!!! It was incredible really , food as good as it get, service 5 star, people and enviorment couldn't be topped. The view was magical!!!
 I am looking forward to early spring or before to get back to the WATERWORKS!!!! Thank you all it was the BEST!!!
AMBWas really hoping to secure this venue for our wedding; the site and architecture is spectacular.  Unfortunately, the young lady who gave 'the pitch' was informative but unenthusiastic at very best.  It was the one-side, inflexible contract language that was another huge disappointment for us; every payment is 100% non-fundable, they can change the space you booked prior to your event and they charge $20 a person for plastic chairs and a bottle of water for the  1/2 hour ceremony.  You can book the Breezeway for $1000, for an hour long cocktail reception, but keep in mind this space serves as a corridor for the wait staff to get to the bar!  We both got the feeling if we were friends of the Mayor or had 400 for the wedding, we would have been treated much differently.  Lunch that day was as expected (chesse steak was great and the lobster BLT was average) but the service was horrible, not a very good first impression.Let me start by saying I HATE only giving this place 2 stars.  I wish so badly they would have earned at least a third and potentially a fourth.
The good was very good, and the good was my steak.  It was divine.  Perfectly cooked and flavorful.  I can't complain about the food one bit.
The other good was the lovely location on the river and at the park.  Beautiful.  I can't complain about the aesthetics one bit.
The bad was the service.  I go here knowing the prices will be outrageous, but the food was superb so they get a pass on that.  However, when people pay those type of prices it is fair to expect good service.  I've been to diners where my water was filled with more regularity.  We initially had to wait for a table outside and even though we were waiting at the bar (actually sitting at the bar) the bartenders-yes-two of them-took almost twenty minutes to get us one drink.  Pitiful.  Once we were seated, getting attention wasn't easy.  Strange, because there were actually a lot of staff working.  They were just not attentive or observant.  
Sadly, terrible service is what has earned only 2 stars.Remember last summer when the west philly McDonald's clerk attacked a customer with a key? They were out of fries and the customer asked for a McFlurry as a substitute in his value meal, and when he asked for a larger size.... Well, Waterworks wasn't as bad as that; none of us lost an eye.  But it was pretty awful.
Service: 0 stars.  Or negative 5 stars.
I could excuse mediocre service (slow, not enthused/friendly, not knowing which orders go to which customers, not asking how "everything is").  The servers at Waterworks did all of the aforementioned.  On top of that they were surly and downright rude.  Trying to flag down someone to put in additional drink orders was tough.  I don't get it.  Wouldn't they WANT us to drink more to raise our tab?  Aren't margins on drinks super awesome?  One of us ordered a beer when our first course was served.  Never came.  10 mins later asked someone clearing our plates, "We ordered a beer awhile ago, could we get a Corona?  And could we have another Sierra Nevada?"  No words were uttered in acknowledgement, we only got a glare like we had asked for his kidney or spit on his mom.  Got a Corona and a Troeggs (we kept it, figuring it wasn't worth trying to get another, especially since we were now halfway through the entrees).  About 5 minutes later, another grouchy waiter comes by with a Corona.  
"We actually already have one, since the first order took so long."  
"The bar told me to bring it.  Oh, whatever."  
Then there's a conference with our original waiter, the kidney-guy and grouchy pants with the Corona.  Original waiter comes by and says, "We'll put this on ice for you so it's ready when you want it."  Thanks?  Well, we didn't want it.  Dessert had arrived by the time the first beer was done.  When the tab comes out, 2 coronas are on it. 
"This bill is wrong."
"No it's not.  This is your bill."
"There are 2 Coronas on it."
"Yes, you drank 2 Coronas."
"No, we didn't.  The second one is on ice in the back."
What?  How do we get called out for their mistake?  
I read the other reviews saying how bad this place was, and they were right.  If we didn't already sink $100 worth of groupons into it, I would have heeded the warnings.  PS.  We're adults, and know how to tip.  We were planning on tipping on $200 + drinks because the "value" of the meal was $50. There's no sense in treating us like crap.
Food: 2 stars
-Salads were okay, cheese crouton thingy was good, but they normally charge $11 for it.  I've had much more creative and filling entree sized salads for that much.  The onion soup was okay, just kinda weird, but exactly as they had described (cream based onion soup).
-Risotto was fine, but not that much better than the frozen kind you can pick up from Trader Joe's for $3.  
-Chicken was horrible.  Dry, tough and sour because I think they might not have drained the capers when they put them in the sauce.
-Dessert was the "Water Wheel".  Little flourless chocolate cake about the size of a quarter (not complaining, it was just the right amount) and a little dish of chocolate mousse with a chocolate creamy top layer and toffee like crumbles.  Pretty good.
It was definitely not worth it, even at groupon prices.  If they don't want the groupon customers, why do they do it? Also, it seems like the service/food experience we had was very similar to other reviews, so why hasn't management paid any attention to this stuff?  Do they not care?As a huge fan of brunch, but the $40 per plate sadly keeps me from frequenting Water Works as often as I'd like. When I found out about their 7th anniversary brunch special, which included the full brunch and a mimosa I was ecstatic! It took a little bit of watching but eventually I found a cancellation on open table and was able to secure a 1pm reservation. 
There was a line when we walked in the door so I was nervous the promotion would turn this place into a zoo and the experience would be less than par. Luckily after we made it to the front of the line, we were seated immediately. We had a window side table for two adjacent to the bar. It took at least 10 minutes to get an introduction from the waiter and our water but considering it was a buffet I was wiling to over look this. The lines weren't too crazy. Although I did realize this place books up almost every weekend so just because today was the anniversary special, it really shouldn't make a difference in service or quality. 
I was able to walk right up to the made to order omelet line. I ordered an egg white omelet with pepper, onion, asparagus, spinach, crab, a little bacon and feta. It was just that- made to order and delicious. I pretty much sampled everything with the exception of the center dessert table. I'm really just not a dessert person and would prefer my sweets in form of pancake or French toast. The pancakes and French toast were definite highlights. The French toast had a hint of cinnamon and both were topped with cinnamon apples and strawberries. One of my favorites of the morning was the made to order crepe station. It was perfection! I had mine with strawberry, banana, candied pecans and white chocolate chips. It was topped powdered sugar and drizzled with raspberry sauce and a side of whipped cream. I could go on and on about the food. It's a brunch buffet so I suggest going in with an open mind and getting a little of everything. Although everything was not  100% perfect.  For example my carved prime rib was pretty fatty, that's the luck of the draw with a piece of meat. Sometimes some of the trays were empty or almost empty and needed to be restocked.
Overall, after an hour of eating and 4 plates a piece later, my husband and I left very full but happy campers.  It's probably a good thing for my waistline that $7 isn't the normal price. The $40 is worth it and I look forward to the next special occasion that I can return.My husband and i just chose this restaurant because of its proximity to the 
art museum  Had I read the reviews, we probably would have gone elsewhere, and missed a lovely meal with good food and great service.  the waiter Sean was professional and friendly, the woman who seated us was charming, and told us about the history of the site as we waited  for the taxi they called for us.  the grilled octopus was outstanding.  All the dishes were well presented. It was a bit pricey, but we expected that from the appearance and interesting location.  If you are visiting the museum, give it a tryA very elegant place to eat. I had a very nice Valentine's Day dinner here, and I recently had lunch outside with a view of the river. It's pricey but good. Creative cocktails and vegetarian options. I really liked the spicy jalapeno martini!The food here is delicious and so are the drinks! 
My review is regarding the customer service. A year ago we visited this restaurant, and my husband hit his head extremely hard on the ceiling going down the steps to the restroom (he had to sit down on the ground because he felt he might have a concussion). He is 6'1" and there was no sign. He let the manager know, and suggested they put a sign up. The manager was not sympathetic and you could tell he did not want to be bothered.
Recently, which was just about a year later, we visited the restaurant again...no caution sign was up. My husband can't be the only one to have done this!Nice location overlooking the dam, but the facilities seem to be getting quite old. Definitely worth a visit even if you don't eat here.
p.s. the bathrooms have nice thick folded paper towels! ;)Worst in Philadelphia,  the view is beautiful but the main point of this restuarant are  the comments of all the tables around you where they discuss the terrible service and the deplorable food.  
Stay away.What a disappointment. Went here for our anniversary expecting at least a decent meal. Unfortunately the east coast oysters were not edible. I rarely don't finish something, but these things tasted as though they came from the Schuylkill. The mussels were pretty good, the best part of my meal. The Bronzino with white bean ragout was a mish mosh. The ragout overpowered the fish, which was cooked well when I could find it not mixed with the ragout, which was served atop the fish. My wife had the salmon, which the waiter advised they preferred to serve medium. Well the salmon was not medium, more like a brick. I will not return, although the view outside was nice.Great ambience, terrible food. Great view of the water, terrible service. Bring your tasteless/tongue less friends here.We were downtown for a show and stayed overnght, went to the museum the next day, and ended up at dinner at Water Works. We had a gift card, it was right in the neighborhood, but I was hesitant, a lot of varied reviews.
We sat in the bar for a drink, small but a nice spot to hang out, bartender was friendly, interesting list of cocktails. When our table was ready they started to seat us in the main room, we requested the enclosed terrace and they happily obliged. All was fine.
Looking over the menu we considered different plates but I pushed my date to the 6 course prix fixe. We ordered a bottle of wine and started to eat, and eat, and eat. They substituted when we asked, the food was very good, the servers pleasant.
We watched the sun go down and the lights come up on boat house row. They lit wood fires on the patio. It was really nice. Dessert and a few cups of coffee later, we left completely stuffed, barely making it home.
And then my girl excused herself to the lou. For an hour. No doubt she ate some bad food. I'm not sure how that happened, we shared most everything, but there it was. All six courses, down the toilet as they say. Sure they're going there eventually, but one would hope for a more pleasant departure. C'est la vie.
Recommended? Sure, I had a great time. My date however will cast her own review, not likely to be so glowing. Like a couple with one democrat and republican, we clearly have different views on this experience. And so the disparity of stars for Water Works continues...I went to WW for a private party, so can't comment on a normal restaurant experience. The building, decorations, and location were all beautiful. It's a shame it was an evening party so we didn't have the view. The cocktail servers and bartenders were great, very personable and chatty. The passed appetizers were very good, especially the beef something or other. We also had a large cheese/cracker/meat display. For dinner, we had buffet stations - one side was Asian (think stir fry type stuff) and the other side had pasta/salad/steak/etc. Really liked the selections and all the food was delicious! The bussers were a little too exuberant and were cleaning dishes/drinks when you turned your head for 2 seconds, so that was kind of annoying especially if you weren't finished. My coworker said something to one of them and they said they were bored. Great experience for a private party, I definitely want to check this place out for dinner sometime soon - during the day though for the view!Excellent wedding location, especially using the adjacent Fairmount Gazebo. Spectacular view, excellent food. Staff was very helpful to all our guests. Recommend renting out entire restaurant so you can have cocktail hour and reception on the patio overlooking the river. Pricey, but worth it, and not as high as we expected considering the location.Can't for the life of me figure out why people rated this low.
Took my wife for dinner for her birthday. The place is gorgeous. It's sitting on a piece of history and is a stone's throw from the Museum of Art, and sits right on the  Schuylkill River. The menu is smallish, but allows them to really focus on the food, which was outstanding.The service was nice, the ambiance was somewhat romantic, and being able to walk around on the property, which itself was the old waterworks from the 1800s really speaks for itself. Highly recommended and can't wait to go back!I think this place will be out of business in the near future if they don't improve. All in all it was mediocre and with the quality of food in Philadelphia they better step up their game.  The place looked rundown, except for the nice view of the river.  The only thing they have going for them right now is the location.  Our wait staff was nice and attentive but thought recommended against a lot of the dishes.  The caesar salad was warm.  The oysters were very average and came on a plate of water (not ice).  The bronzino had no flavor and was as dry as could be.  The risotto was overcooked and the key lime pie had no lime flavor.  I would not repeat.I'm giving Waterworks five stars for the Grand Sunday Brunch. I made reservations about 3 weeks in advance and requested seating in from of the window (for a view). It was worth every bit of the $40. The bottomless mimosas stole my heart. I'll be visiting the Waterworks at least once a month to enjoy the brunch. I enjoyed an tasty Cajun omelet, salmon, mashed potatoes, bacon, mussels, and much more! Honestly, there wasn't enough time or space in my stomach to enjoy all they had to offer. 
We sat in a booth that was comfortable, with high backs that seemed to separate us well from the others in the area. The service was good. Not great, but good. Our waiter spent lots of time stalking a couple from Chicago, so he was less than attentive when it came to us. Regardless, the food quality and selection was well worth the price. Also, valet parking was free at that time.Wild horses couldn't drag me back to Waterworks. We had a reservation for 7pm. We were eventually seated around 8. It's irritating enough to be forced to wait for what turned out to be mediocre food. This was made much worse with the three hostesses milling about the reception area, watching us stew during our wait with the same expression one sees on children frying ants with a magnifying glass on a summer's day, the kind of malevolent satisfaction the largely powerless get exercising their brief moment of control over the unfortunate. It's not that they don't have sufficient skill to seat people at, or even near, the time of their reservation. It's the glee they take making you wait. (We saw at least one couple just give up and leave after waiting for an hour for a table.)
Even after we were seated, there was a leisurely pace that was more along the lines of "when I come by, you should feel lucky" as opposed to "let me allow you to enjoy the evening." We had paid for a "four course" fixed meal. The first, a soup, wasn't bad, a tomato-based chowder into which one muscle and a great deal of black pepper had been placed. The house salad, the alternative to the soup, was ok, assuming you like lettuce. 
The second "course" was a small scoop of raspberry sorbet, which is an abuse of the word "course." 
We both got the chicken. It was served in a heavy butter sauce, accompanied by two asparagus stalks, one grilled artichoke leaf, and mashed potatoes. The presentation wasn't bad. However, the chicken might have started cooking when we arrived at 7, given how dry it was. I would describe the texture as "chewy." The chicken plus the sauce were bland and unpleasant. Though hungry from waiting, I didn't finish it. The accompaniments weren't bad. That is, there was nothing actually wrong with them. It's hard to get to excited by mashed potatoes, even when competently executed. I confess I liked the artichoke leaf. 
The dessert was billed on the menu, and by the server, as a "duo." The "duo" was strawberry shortcake which, like the sides of the entrée, was "good" in the sense that there was nothing awful about it, except that it was as much a "duo" as the sorbet was a "course." 
The view isn't bad. We had an obstructed view of the waterfall, and a very good view of Interstate 76. 
You could not pay me to go back to Waterworks. If I want to sit around waiting an hour for food that is between fair and poor, I'll go to a good restaurant that's worth waiting for, and ask them to burn my food.Views are amazing! Service and food quality, not so much. Pretty much what everyone else here says, went for dinner to celebrate a birthday and got a great table on the patio. Besides that the waiter was mediocre, and my 50$ steak was served cold. The food is lacking flavor al together and the prices are quite high for what you get. 
Keep you expectations low and try it once just for the view. But at 200$ for dinner for two, there are plenty of restaurants in the city with amazing food that should be on your list before water works.Pretty good I must say. 
Went for an early lunch and it was a little pricey buy worth it for the service and the view. I definitely stole the recipe for the  sauteed watermelon salad.Hands down EXCELLENT in every way! Food and staff during lunch hours was incredible. I highly recommend to those who live here and visitors.  If I was a visitor to Philadelphia, I would have really been impressed by the friendliness.  The outdoor seating area is breathtaking.  The driveway leading to the restaurant is beautiful, and Valet parking is available and courteous.Talk about going to the watering hole to a true Philadelphian and images of the Water Works should automatically pop into their head.  Certainly over the top if compared to our local corner hangs ( which have their place and time), there is very much welcome room for this 1812 structure that once pumped and purified water for locals.  An architectural triumph set to a backdrop of the Art Museum and Boat House row, views from the outdoor patio bar are nothing less than stunning and will make you feel like you are back in the old country sipping grappa with fellow grape-stompers!  Dare I mention that this pricey venue is worth every penny especially if you are going to propose marraige, talk about a great business venture, celebrate winning the office pool on what location in the city will tote the French flag...(oops I digress)...
I have yet to eat dinner there...BUT... trust me when I say the atmosphere is stunning and the hospitality almost southern!!  That's right...I said it!  I went in really sweaty one afternoon to have a drink of fizzy water not knowing just how  "bou-gee" I would be treated as I was sure that I would be met with glares of unacceptance for my attire.
I was more than welcomed to have a drink while very nicely revealed that I would be most comfortable in the formal dining room dressed formally.  And lucky for all of us, there is a full menu at the bar!!!  YUM!
I will be back and I will be more glamourous than anyplace north of the Mason -Dixon line.  But I had to write and tell you all that Philadelphia's hospitality does not just show up in our finest hotels, but also in the finest of people working that glass of water!First of all, let me state for the record, I hate places that don't serve tap water - so you can imagine my dismay upon being confronted with a menu of 80 waters you can order... none of which are tap!!!    
Water is an element.   What's next?  A menu of earth and air?  "Waiter, would you recommend pairing of the Rocky Mountain Chinook trade wind and Georgia Clay with my Schuylkill River Still Water."
I had the Onion Soup which was decent because it came with a Gruyerre Churro (i.e. froo-froo Mozzarella Stick).  For an entree I ordered the Black Bass - I recommend throwing that catch back into the river.
As for the fancy water, it tasted like... water.  Shocking.Haven't reviewed in a while but I just had to come back and write about this place.
Our first wedding anniversary dinner and expected something great from this place. I liked the view and the ambiance but it is not just worth all that money. 
We had mussels as the appetizer which was delicious...and then it went downhill. People who came and ordered fifteen min after us had their food first. Our food came out and the Bison Ribeye was dry with so much tendon that even my husband had a difficult time cutting through the meat. The server told us that it should be pink in the center but it was pink ONLY in the center and soooo dry/tough. Bronzino was cooked alright but not much flavor. I eat things pretty bland but the food- ribeye, fish and mac&cheese sides - were all lacking in flavor.
Not sure if it is because we were one of the first guests for dinner time or maybe the main chef takes the Sunday off? ..but we were very disappointed.  We probably took three bites of each plate and asked them to box all of them. Didn't even bother asking them to replace the dishes because something just didn't feel right. Didn't seem like we were being taken care of. We paid and got outta there as quickly as possible...to get desserts somewhere else. 
I would recommend here for drinks/appetizers but NOT for actual meals. There are so many other restaurants that cost less/has better food nearby.Well, we had one Groupon and ordered the rest off of the regular menu. The Groupon food was very good (salad, pan seared chicken), her Filet Mignon was fantastic (I thought it was better without the touted steak sauce, but she liked it). We never did get the pommes frittes we ordered and had to ask a couple times for another drink. The ambiance (we were in the breezeway watching the sunset and storm) was awesome. We would go back, but maybe sit outside. I wasn't impressed with the service, but the food was good and the ambiance impressive, so when there's 2 out of 3, I give it another shot. I will say that we were smart enough to stay away from the water menu, and just drank the Schukyll punch which was fine.In a word, I'd say that our dinner at Water Works was "okay" which just doesn't cut it for the prices you're paying at this place.  
We arrived on time for our 7:30 reservation on a Wednesday night and were told that they were "behind", so we joined the rest of the 7-8pm crowd for 45 minutes at the bar until our table was ready.  We were seated on the lovely deck facing the river at a table for two just next to the service table where they refill the water.  The view was nice, although there were no lights over our table and as the candle kept blowing out, it became increasingly more difficult to see anything after the sun went down.
Our two servers (some sort of "team approach") were, much like the rest of the restaurant, brief, forgettable, and unoffensive.  They took our orders, gave us time to ourselves, and were available.  
As a beer drinker, there was a pretty  minimal selection available and t the prices at $5-$6 a bottle were reasonable for a "pricey" restaurant.  The cocktails and wines by the glass, in the $9 - $15 range, also seemed about right.  Again, nothing stood out as particularly memorable.  The sangria my wife had was good, but nothing outstanding, as was the glass of cabernet I tried.
None of the food we had was cooked poorly, but nothing was particularly flavorful and certainly not "delicious."   We had the crabcake appetizer, tuna, duck, and water wheel dessert.  
In a city like Philadelphia with so many great restaurants, this just isn't one I would recommend for a special occasion, and certainly not one we'll be returning to.Go for the ambiance, the history, the appetizers and soups. Have some drinks then skip the entrees and have a walk, perhaps to the museum.Oh don't even bother with this place. Walking in you get the feel that this is a very classy, upscale place but you soon realize that your 50-something bucks are way better spent elsewhere. 
I came here with 3 good friends. 3 of us, including me, were from out of town so we wanted to go out to a nice dinner. The service was nice enough but I thought the extensive water menu was a bit ridiculous. (and btw, if you're going to have that huge of a menu just for water, I suggest you at least have some delicious viennese water in there somewhere!) 
I would have given this place only one star but my dish was actually pretty good. I got the duck and it was prepared well, but nothing spectacular and the sweet potato hash that came with it was overwhelmingly sweet. 
One friend's chicken was passable, but nothing special. Another ordered the pork chop which actually was decent and was a nice sized portion. 
However, my friend, who decided to get the filet mignon was extremely disappointed. He ordered his medium rare and it came out medium-well. He asked them to take it back, which they were happy to do, but after waiting for what seemed like forever they brought out another filet that was quite possibly even more overcooked than the last one. What do you not understand about medium rare? 
Honestly, at a place like this, you would expect the chef to know how to prepare a piece of meat correctly. Heck, I expect the guys at TGI Fridays to be able to cook a steak properly. I've cooked  way better steaks at my own house, and I am no fancy chef. 
Don't waste your time or money. Take it to Meritage instead (review coming soon)!The al fresco dining was excellent, with a lovely view of the Skuilkill and Boathouse Row.
We split the crabcake appetizer, which was excellent, and ideal for sharing.
We also split a salad,  quite good . . . crisp greens and a tasty dressing.
My salmon entree was excellent, and as were my companion's Lollypop Lambchops.  Both portions were  generous.
For dessert, we shared  a Key Lime , excellent and also a very generous portion.   We will definitely return.
We will most definitely dine hereSo my fiancé brought me here to propose to me by the river! Once we got inside and the employees found out, they were congratulating us and being so welcoming! They give us a flute of champagne for each of us and wrote "Congratulations" on our dessert plate. It's the small things but it was so nice! 
The staff we dealt with were very attentive and so kind. They even offered to take pictures for us. 
For an Appetizer, we ordered the duck egg rolls. They were okay but nothing special. For dinner, I ordered the bison Riley which was delicious and the Brussel sports that came with the entrée complemented it so well! My fiancé had the NY strip. He enjoyed that as well. We ordered sides of asparagus and the triple Mac n Cheese. The asparagus were so skinny and almost looked burnt but I think it was too skinny. The triple Mac n cheese was delicious! I mean, I didn't get to eat it until the next day because of my excitement for being engaged. However, heating it up to eat it the next day was just as good! Haha for dessert we ordered the water wheel or something like that. It's basically chocolate on chocolate on chocolate. It was delicious! Haha we ordered coffee with it but it was cold. We told the server and she brought us new cups asap! 
Overall, I enjoyed the experience. Very friendly, food was delicious, and the view is beautiful! It is a fancier restaurant so I would suggest dressing up. Business casual is the attire that's appropriate. I would definitely come back. Especially when it's warmer so we can sit on the outside patio!We come to Philadelphia often to visit family and enjoy going around town to check out the scene.  One of my favorite places to go is the boat house row area and Schuylkill River.  The park here and the art gallery is great to walk around near.  So we found this Water Works Restaurant.  WOW, great view and scenery.  I really liked the bar scene where we started off and hung out there and outside to see the boat houses.  Then we were seated outside during a warm fall day to enjoy our meal.  We had the octopus to share and they were fabulous.  The service was top notch (not sure how some of these other reviews saw things) and the food was great.  The place was very spread out, but it was cool to see how this old water facility turned into a restaurant and kept its classic look and feel.  We will come back for more.My friends and I had a very good experience at this restaurant.  Everyone was courteous and friendly from the valet driver to the manager.  We were greeted and seated by a very friendly and helpful staff.  Our waiter Ben was an absolute gentleman and the food was excellnet.  It was my birthday and yes I did get the champange sorbet with Happy Birthday written in chocolate with a lit candle stuck in the strawberry.  I didn't think it was cheesy I actually thought it was kind of thoughtful considering no restaurant has to give you anything because it's your birthday.  My friends and I ordered different dishes and sides and we all tasted each others food and I have to say I didn't have a complaint about any of the dishes I tried.  The restaurant is beautiful and the ambiance is quite exquisite.  It's a little expensive but I do believe it is well worth it for a special ocassion.Food: 5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 4
Value: 4
Came here for their $7 brunch 7th anniversary special. 14 of the best dollars I've ever spent. Great breakfast food, nice decor, and amazing view. Too bad they don't have regular service anymore, because I may consider paying full price to return!So I am always hesitant to write bad reviews on yelp.  In fact, I've only ever done it once before now.  However, I truly believe that any good business owner should repeatedly evaluate their current strengths and weaknesses in order to facilitate the best service and product possible for their patrons.  So I hope that whomever is in charge of waterworks checks this site.
Last night was unmistakably the worst restaurant experience I have ever had... hands down.  And I've had some bad ones.  The food was okay... but the service was TERRIBLE...... (Except for the lovely bartendar that made me a great pepper spiced martini and engaged us in conversation as we waited for our reservation... so I have to give him credit)
The waiter barely introduced himself... attempted to take our order before barking some sort of direction at the poor bus boy before rushing off to attend to probably one of the fifteen tables that he was currently trying to serve...  A piece of advice to restaurant owners.... Your servers do not necessarily make more money if you schedule less of them.... Simply put, when you don't have enough people on the floor you have crappy service... and then we tip less... a lot less... in fact the service was so impersonal and sporadic I had to be convinced by my dining partner not to walk out.
In addition we waited for over forty five minutes for our entree.... That was after they had already served us two previous mediocre courses (I will admit I should have been warned by a cheesy prix fix valentines day menu).... After that it took them another half hr to bring out a sub par dessert plate that included a dry eclair... and three frozen balls of chocolate which I assume where supposed to resemble truffles.... Its not just that it was bad... but SERIOUSLY 30 minutes to bring me a plated dessert that you obviously put together using an assembly line four hrs prior!  I was handed the check with no apologies... so I paid the $200 bill scratching my head about the millions of other things I could have done with that money and left... never to return again... Its a shame because the view is great... and they do make one hell of a pepper martini  :-)This is a great place to go for a Sunday brunch if you are looking for a view and for ambiance.  The standard buffet fare, with what I consider to be a bit more limiting and as great quality as one would expect for the amount charged (close to $50).  Service and drinks were fine.  I asked for a more quiet area to dine, which was the small dining room between the host station and the bar.  Unfortunately, I wished this place had a separate office for the management to meet with potential clients looking to book their wedding reception.  It seemed distracting from the dining experience.  For my first visit to Philadelphia, it was nice.  Not some place I'd go to the next time around.I would give this place zero stars if possible.  Yes, the location is amazing.  However the service is horrible and the food is nothing special.  I will NEVER return to this restaurant.  I will NEVER recommend it.
I called to make reservations about 2-3 weeks in advance for brunch to celebrate a family event for 8 people.  I requested to be seated outside and was told that would not be a problem.  The day of our reservation, we were seated inside.  I asked about outdoor seating and was told that it was taken due to graduation events and if I wanted to be seated outside, I would have been asked to make a deposit.   Even worse was the way I was treated regarding this "mix up".  Everyone was extremely condescending.  The worst part -- not one table filled the entire time we ateand when we left the tables were still completely empty.  Also, the food was cold and there was no interaction between the server and our table.  In fact, one basic request (add onions) was met with a "I'm not sure we can do that, since it differs from what is on the menu."For this restaurant's price point the food is beyond mediocre.  The waitstaff are extremely snotty, during our meal we were abandoned half way through for his assistant (who was much friendlier).  The food was upscale hotel staples despite not being attached to a hotel. Salmon, duck, lobster.- all with typical preparations and without any wow.  The best part about this place is the view.  The restaurant overlooks the Schuylkill river and is beautifully lit at night.  Considering the number of high quality restaurants in Philly I wouldn't waste my money on mediocre food and terrible service.I hosted a work dinner here recently and the staff was incredibly accommodating.    Even when we came in at the 11th hour and needed to rearrange the tables due to last minute cancellations and additions, they didn't blink an eye.  Of course the view is amazing, but inside is just as nice, especially since it was decorated for the holidays.
I wasn't sure how the food was going to be, but it was amazing.  Everyone was served a duo of filet and salmon followed by creme brulee.  Everything was delicious.
If you are looking to host a dinner for business or pleasure, I would certainly consider the Water Works.The worst expérience ever !!!!!! This place sucks in every way possible.... Overpriced blend food bad service - tasteless desserts. I took my parents here who we're visiting Philadelphia for the first time and I was so disappointed - the worst $400 spent in my life. I think a hot dog cart would have been better - waste of a beautiful historical space with the best view in the city. They deserve 0 starsYet another joint that should offer scenery and drinks ONLY!!!!!
Nice ambiance, smiling and friendly hosteses..... but the food was absolutely completely and totally horrid. Every course was as disappointing as the first. 
Beet salad bland 
(dressing was ok but the rock hard beets and pears overpowered it)
The tofu would make Gandhi eat cow. It literally tasted like boiled sheet rock. 
NO TASTE OR FLAVOR AT ALL. Just meaty crumbly nothingness. 
Purée sweet potatoes were anything but sweet...and the duck was chewy and kind of oily. In the enfamous words of Simon Cowell #englishaccent
"A COMPLETE UTTER DISEASTER"  
My boyfriend and I will sooner be the guests of honor at a Cannibal convention than dine here againLocation & View, 5 stars. Food 3, max, not bad but pretty mundane. Service was confused at best and the guy mumbled with an accent and was nearly incoherent. We got waited on by like 4 or 5 people, but none of them knew what the others were doing. Although I enjoyed the lunch with my family and the bottle of wine was good, it seems that this is clearly a tourist trap in the guise of a nice restaurant.The views were beautiful, the service was good the food was mediocre at best. I had the pork chop with a sauce which was too sweet, so I scraped off what I could to salvage three meal. The appetizers were the cheese streak rolls, which were very good, but the sliders were gross. They were not cooked as requested and three froi gras on them was only cooked on one side, do it looked and tasted bad. I didn't bother to order dessert.Vry good Brunch. i barely needed Dinner. Shout out to the guy at the omelette station. Great foodI've gone here two times for lunch/brunch and it's only for the view. It has a wonderful history about it, but I wish the food was better quality and better prepared. 
For lunch I had the burger, which was okay. I thought the meat could be better quality and the fries were lackluster.Water works gets 4 stars for the atmosphere and location overlooking the river.  But the food is just not even close to up to par for the steep prices that you are paying.  I would highly suggest going to another restaurant for a nice meal as there are so many better restaurants out there. Come here for a drink overlooking the water, but save your money on dinner for a really outstanding meal somewhere else.What are these reviewers talking about?  This is a very nice restaurant with the best oyster preparation (mojito minonette) I've ever had (and I live near Boston).  It's not cheap, but if you go for lunch, it is affordable and the portions are large.I've been to Water Works twice.  Once for dinner, once for lunch.  Both times I found most of the food to be very good and innovative, although during a Saturday lunch my beef was more done than I requested, but still the quality was very high.  As good as appetizers and main dishes are, I would skip the desserts, they are too small and too plain, although the presentation is superb.
Hosts are always very helpful and provide not just the table that you request, but the best table available at the moment.
Drawbacks are in the servers.  There is no feel of a single responsible server, there are swarms of people around, many doing similar things.  This creates confusion and takes away from the leisurely feel.
Still this is one of the best places for a long lunch or dinner on the waterfront regardless of the weather.  When it is hot, the fans circulate air under tent very well, and when it was raining very heavily our table was immediately moved from under tent onto open veranda not to sacrifice the open air feel.So I'm all hepped up to tell you all about the place I went to lunch today....and then I read the other reviews!  Whoa!  Critical Crowd!  
Not being to one care if they have a water menu (they did actually serve us Philly tap all lunch long)....I found the food to be very good, the service amusing and the view one of the best in the city.   
I had the Onion Soup...a bit sweet with undertones of beef but certainly nothing to complain about. And it do not come with a Gruyere Churro but a deep fried stick of mashed potatoes that was soo good I wish I'd had more than one on my plate.For an entree, I had the chicken panini.  Lovely, creamy, with a not too overdone piece of succulent chicken.  Just devine.  And it came with a huge pile of French fries, hot and salty. 
Perfect for me, since I planned on biking Kelly Drive to Conshohocken and was looking for the carbs.  In all I'd say my only complaint was the coffee....awful.  Reminded me of the river.  
So, I went into Water Works expecting high priced salads and ended up with a yummy lunch that didn't cost too much or take too long.....figure it must be romantic at night!I went to Water Works with my wife and her parents for a Tuesday lunch in fall.  The place is in a pretty location, the interior is nicely decorated, and the view cannot be beaten.
Everyone was satisfied with their meal -- I had the Lemon-Thyme chicken, which was well grilled and well presented.  The rice was moist and flavorful, and the sauce tangy.  I highly recommend this dish.  The dessert, however, was a rather bland piece of carrot cake, which had nice texture, but the cake itself was neither sweet nor tangy -- only the decent cream cheese frosting made it enjoyable.  
I would offer four stars, but our server was not good.  He rushed off our plates, knocked over a glass of water, and was not the waiter I would have expected for what we paid.After having too many OK experiences in center city, and a few very bad ones, Water WORKS...is heaven.  The best service in the entire Philadelphia area, plus the food is amazing.  My recommendation for a appetizer is the octopus.  My boyfriend and I had 4 different appetizers: The East Coast oysters (they only have one kind in the menu), those were ok but not fantastic, the 'Beef Carpaccio' which my boyfriend liked very much.  It's very tasty in my opinion. We also had the grilled octopus (It's so far the best I've tried), and the flat bread.  You can taste the truffle merged with the ricotta and the tomatoes are soooooo delicious!!!  The best tomatoes!!!  Overall what impressed me was the amazing service, everyone was smiling (although the hostess wasn't the nicest), they asked us about everything, and made very polite suggestions.  I loved the place' it has a very romantic view.  I recommend it and would eat there again any time. First impressions last forever.This place is over rated and over priced! For two people our bill was over $200 and the food was not worth it at all! I don't mind paying $$$ for good food but this was far from that! We sat outside and besides the beautiful view we were sweating to death because they don't have any fans or anything on the porch outside and there were a ton of flies! We ordered the octopus because our server told us it was really popular and how it is a popular item on the menu is beyond me! It tasted like rubber with no flavor! It was terrible! We then got the Caesar salad which was ok but a little over dressed and for our meal we got the bison ribeye and the lamb porterhouse. My bison ribeye was tasteless and the knife they gave me to cut my $40 steak wasn't even sharp enough to cut through it. The lamb porterhouse was nothing great either! Not worth $42 that's for sure! We did have Mac and cheese as a side which was the only thing that we really enjoyed. Service was ok nothing to brag about. I definitely won't be going back here and I honestly would recommend that you find somewhere else to go. There are so many fabulous restaurants in the city and this is certainly not one of them! Don't waste your money!Went with a group of friends to celebrate August birthdays over the summer.  I can honestly say I dont even remember what we got, I think I was just way too disappointed by the general experience. We had a group of about 8, and I think our mistake was not complaining when we were seated inside instead of on the terrace. The entire appeal of Waterworks was being able to enjoy the amazing view.  I felt like we were a little jerked around because we a younger group.Oh yes! Filet mignon, mac and cheese, salads...all DELISHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! Filet mignon melts in your mouth.The thought bubbles above my head read "WTF?"
Seeing the scorching reviews for Water Works left me puzzled and confused. 
While the content of many of the reviews on Yelp are an indictment on the sense of entitlement and the general "give me everything I've seen on the food network, but I don't wanna pay more than 10$, and you'd better refill my water before this glass is half empty"... 
the one thing that was certain that over time, the star rating would bear itself out.  This is not one of those cases.
The food is very good, though not cutting edge by any means.
It mostly stays within the safe zone of the formulaic recipe straddling the line between upper-crust classic and "foodie" kitschy:
Expensive steak (filet or wagyu)
+ Local farm ingredient salad
+ Upscale version of burger/cheesesteak 
+ And of course the "foodie" re-do of comfort food apps 
But the key is execution.  They do it well. Portions will vary depending on what you order, obviously.  But my fiancee and I had 2 entrees and 2 apps and were very happy. Our server Ron was excellent. Neither sparse, nor overbearing, it made me feel like white tablecloth service wasn't quite dead yet in the Philly restaurant scene; which is more than I can say about Le Bec Fin (where we were uncomfortable with the nonstop "pardon my reach"es and crumb scraping).
Water Works has its issues for sure: 
*private parties in the tents outside don't mesh well with restaurant guests inside, and they'll share some common areas and bathrooms
*the layout seems empty and devoid of charm. Though they can be forgiven for this what with that view.
*hostesses should probably do a little better at greeting/being friendly
But this is a place for special occasions. The food is good, the service is good, but you can't match that view; probably the most beautiful sight lines in Philadelphia. And that's why I'll always appreciate this place.While it's true that the restaurant and location are beautiful, I would NEVER recommend this place.  I went with my family to celebrate my mother's and sister's birthday and we had an awful experience.  It was some of the worst service I've ever been exposed to.  We ordered a bottle of champagne, but our waiter never refilled our glasses, even though he walked by twice and looked at our table with our empty glasses in plain sight.  When the bottle was finished (after we poured more for ourselves), it was not taken away, but just sat in the ice bucket next to our table for our entire meal (2+ hours).  When we ordered additional drinks, they took 20 minutes and one reminder to get to us.  Then, when we asked to order appetizers, he told us he would have to come back - I just have no words for this!!!
When we did get our food, the appetizers were very good.  For an entree, I ordered the filet mignon and it was delicious - cooked perfectly, and let's face it: it's always a classic.  My sister ordered the salmon and my mother, the duck.  Both were sub par at best; uninventive and lacking in flavor.  But as far as I'm concerned, it could have been the best thing I've ever eaten - this type of bad service is simply inexcusable, and ruined the meal.
Though my mother wrote a letter to the restaurant weeks ago complaining about our horrible service and experience, she has yet to hear back...
In short, I will not return to this restaurant, and like I said before, would not recommend it to anyone.