There is nothing you can do wrong at this place, I've gotten almost everything on the menu and they are all fantastic.  My favorites - coronation chicken (salad or sandwich), Mac and cheese, Shackamaxon. The only downside is that you'll usually run into a wait, but it's definitely worth it. If the weather is nice, ask to sit in the back patio.Maybe prioritizing your to-go business while leaving your dine-in guests high and dry isn't the best approach to brunch. Not only does it make the experience incredibly obnoxious, but it hurts your waitstaff. No one wants to tip when they sit for 45 minutes+ for a couple eggs, especially when they get no updates of effort to alleviate the situation. By the way, "it'll be up as soon as possible" doesn't help.
This experience was a little weird, in that shortly after writing my initial thoughts, the owner came out and apologized for the wait and let us know our food would be out shortly and it would be free.
Now, the food was dynamite. Really lovely. And yes, the wait was brutal and the lack of info for so long of it was unfortunate. But I actually feel like taking care of our entire check was a bit of an overreaction. People will wait for good food. You just have to make the wait enjoyable. Offer a free cupcake or coffee or other treat. Costs less and keeps everyone happy to be there.
The food will bring us back and I'll update the stars (assuming the experience improves). Till then!When you don't want a full service and deep pocket kind of lunch or dinner then head over here.  Their sandwiches are satisfying.  I loved their cheeses.  The bf did as well and he's not a big cheese guy.  The outdoor area in the back is quite lovely.  The staff are very friendly.  I would recommend this place for a quick bite or take out.One of the best places for lunch in the city. The quality of the food is superb and creative. Salads, sandwiches, grilled cheese: all good here.Rudeness.  Pure rudeness from the owner.  I wish I could give negatives stars.
My friend and I had just bought a lemon bar (the quality was okay; nothing to die for; it was like Jell-O Brand lemon pudding with thick crust).  We were sitting out front at the one table with two chairs.  I had bought something across the street but was not eating it.
Long story short: the owner came out and confronted us for sitting there.
"MAY I HELP YOU?" 
"No, thank you, we're just sitting here."  
"THIS IS FOR CUSTOMERS ONLY!" 
"Yes, we just bought something from here and ate it." 
[Pointing] "THAT BAG'S NOT FROM HERE!"  
"No, it's not, but we were just in the shop and bought something." 
"THIS TABLE IS FOR CUSTOMERS!" 
"Yes, we just bought a lemon bar here."
And then he looked angry and confused.  So we left.
Customer service is important to me.  I would think it would be, too, to a business owner.  I don't care how good someone's food is, I'm not patronizing a shop whose owner is without manners.  And the slice of cake for $6.50 looked dry anyway.I went there with my girlfriend last week for brunch.  The food was amazing and within 15 minutes the place was packed and there was a line out the door.   Clearly this is a local favorite.  We got some hand made deserts in a to go bag for an evening meal that were amazing.   I'm a bit of coffee snob, so their french press was an especially nice compliment to our omelet and french toast.   If you are a tourist, this is a perfect place to stop for a meal after a visit to Elfreth's Alley.LOVE LOVE LOVE! Delicious for any meal of the day, or just cheese!! Gourmet grilled cheese to die for! Eat out back in the courtyard, sooooo cute, like a little European oasis!! Yum!Great little place in my neighbourhood! Fabulous grilled cheese sandwiches! Gouda with tomato on pumpernickel is a great yummy lunch. Enjoy this place.First time here the other day and on a review written by a classmate of mine I decided to check Wedge & Fig out.  The restaurant was quaint and tidy. After looking around we noticed there weren't any tables available except for one that had a reserved sign. We were greeted promptly and were surprised when the hostess made available the reserved table for us. 
On to the meal...
Brunch is one of my favorite meals and I definitely wasn't left disappointed. My friend and I split a large French press coffee and it started the meal off right. We both ended up getting the same thing, which was the Eggs NOLA. Now of course when I hear cornbread in a meal I'm always skeptical of how good it'll be (I'm from GA and have had my fair share of good cornbread and biscuits lol). As for this dish, everything worked well together. The side salad with vinaigrette was just the right amount of acidity to add to the rich hollandaise sauce on this take of eggs Benedict. Overall my only complaint would be that the side potatoes looked and tasted crispy but weren't hot when the plate came out. 
Looking at the total meal and ambience I couldn't give this place less than *****. 
Cheers Wedge & FigNice. Fine. Does the job. Pleasant. That's about it. Nothing extraordinary about this place. The hype baffles me. You won't hate the place but why you'd love it is beyond me. A safe bet for a "nice" lunch if you're passing by.Such a great place to welcome a new day.
Been a couple of times and have only sat in the back courtyard. The food is amazing and how can you not be happy when you're in this little oasis of a spot with plants all around you, the open sky above you, and a full french press on your table??
Excellent service experiences every time and they're incredibly knowledgeable when pressed for information on their cheeses. They serve many specialty cheeses and I've listened to many a table pepper their server with a barrage of questions about their selections.
You go there and you just can't help but be happy. It's a great experience.We had brunch last weekend and we split the NOLA egg dish.  It was perfect and the server split the dish for us which very nice.   I have been buying my cheese at the counter for a while and something changed with the type and quality of cheeses.  I would prefer a better selection and feel like the Brie from Sysco(private label) is not an appropriate brand other that the price point.  I always enjoy my meals at the Wedge + Fig and hope that they will upgrade there cheese counter.Very tiny spot, maybe 7 tables in the front room packed close together. Just enough room to squeeze through. Otherwise though, the inside is decorated in a pleasant way that kind of feels like home.
Service was great. Our waitress was very polite and attentive. The wait to get in was very short at 11:30 on a warm winter day.
The food, of course, was excellent. I had the "NOLA eggs" which was basically eggs benedict on cornbread with potatoes. The hollandaise sauce was delicious, and the eggs were cooked perfectly. HIghly recommended.
Unusually, coffee was served in a french press with enough coffee for two cups. Be aware if your friend doesn't drink coffee.Their staff is warm and friendly. Their menu has incredible salads for when I want to be good and heavenly mac and cheese for every other day. Grab a bottle, sit in their back garden, and you'll soon forget you are in a city.We ate dinner after a show at the Arden around the corner.  We were able to make a reservation, cause it can be a bit busy.  
Had a wonderful 5 cheese, 3 condiment board.  This is really a first class experience with a great menu of cheeses and the fig paste, house made caramel as condiments are wonderful. We also had our children with us and although it is not rated as kid friendly (ours are ages 10 and 7) they enjoyed the cheeses, meal and dessert as much as we did.  
We had Modern Waldorf salad and another salad (I forgot the name) which were great, and also enjoyed the Macaroni and Cheese, and Grilled Gouda cheese with ham....
I also have to comment that the brownies and oatmeal cookies were pretty darn good too!  The drinks menu is very European with Orangina/Limonata and great Harney and Sons Iced or Hot teas, great cappucino too..which all contributed to a lovely dinner and made me feel like we were able to enjoy the sophistication of a good fromagerie in Europe but with American flair mixed in
Will plan to return soon we hope!This place is such a gem! We had brunch here with a few friends and instantly fell in love with the garden area. Two of us had the build-your-own breakfast sandwiches and two had the stuffed french toast - everything was delicious. The lemon-parmesan potatoes were an unexpected highlight of the meal and the french press coffee was wonderful too. We waited a while for our food but quite honestly, we didn't mind at all, since the atmosphere was so nice!Wedge + Fig was amazing. We sat outside, which was perfect with the heat lamps. You have to walk through a dark alleyway to get to it, though, which was kind of weird. It was amazing once we were actually back there. 
The French press coffee was delicious and very strong. I should not have had more than a cup. I ordered the Eggs Nola, which were awesome, and everyone I was with seemed to really enjoy their food too. Our waitress persuaded us to get an order of the scones and it was definitely the best choice of the whole meal.
Overall, this place was quaint and beautiful and the food was very tasty. You couldn't help but feel happy at a place like this.I found my new favorite spot for lunch in Philly!!!  The coffee was great, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was peaceful.
We were seated outside in the little back area, which was so cute. I ordered the Shackamaxon sandwich, which was DELICIOUS, and had to stop myself from ordering another to take home with me! My friend ordered a panini, which was awesome as well. The service was great, and it was not too hectic/crowded/loud, which I appreciated after a long day at work. 
 I will definitely be coming back here, and selecting a few cheeses to sample from their extensive list!I just had brunch here and the food was delicious. We started off with the cheese plate of the week and I enjoyed all three cheeses. While we were eating the manager even came over and asked which was our favorite cheese and to share some knowledge about how the monks dip the chimay cheese we were eating in actual chimay, which is also made there. My stuffed french toast was very sweet and very good. My boyfriend got the panini of the day which was tasty with smoked ham, specialty mustard and specialty cheese of course. 
The only downfall for me was that the dining room there is very small and it felt like we were having our brunch with the people at the table next door. But this is a great little breakfast/lunch byob that I really enjoyed eating at.Cute little place with simple yet tasty, perfectly executed food.
The Jawn sandwich was delicious.  Doesn't sound super special on paper, but this baby was perfectly executed.  Warm with melty cheese, all the flavours in the Jawn melded just right.  Every bite was a pleasure.  (They were out of pretzel bread, but it still worked.)
Truffled egg salad was great too.  It's hard not to enjoy something with truffle oil drizzled on it, but the egg salad itself was also just really fresh and good.
Simple, good, fresh food.  Good service.  Just perfect.The perfect brunch! I can't say enough about the food, the locale, the servers...I only wish they were located in Medford. It was definitely worth the drive into "town"Stopped in mid Sunday hoping for a table, the server made room (stroller too) for us in the patio.
The food was great, and the service excellent.
Highly recommended.One of my favorites! The food is always delicious, but you have to go for their cheese. Get a cheese board and be sure to ask for a recommendation. While all the servers are very knowledgable and nice, Zach by far is a cheese expert. I would say go with the cheese board of the week, then get their Mac and cheese with thick cut bacon on top! So good, but I never am able to finish it all in one sitting. If that's too heavy, their salads are tasty as well.They have a pie. Made of mac and cheese. Topped with a lattice of thick-cut bacon. 
I'm pretty sure I can just end my review there, but I won't. 
Aside from the rich, cheesy goodness of the mac and cheese pie, this is a great go-to spot for brunch and lunch in Old City. It's a BYO, so come prepared! One of my friends went with the Eggs NOLA which I was told was delicious and based on what other yelpers are saying, it seems this is the consensus. I had the egg strata which was delicious and huge (and tasted just as good leftover, which was a pleasant surprise).
In terms of ambiance, it's a tiny little restaurant with a view into the large kitchen. They have an outdoor garden that's open in the summer. The staff was great! 
There are a ton of menu items (more mac and cheese, salads and sandwiches) that I will certainly be back to try!Small, limited menu, but everything on the menu looked great and our food was delicious! Quaint and charming restaurant. Not sure if I'd go back.Wedge + Fig is one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. It's casual and warm ambiance matches the phenomenal lunch options. I enjoy building my own grilled cheese, since the cheese options are out of this world. To top it off, I enjoy the mixed green side salad that comes with my sandwich. The back patio is intimate and enjoyable to sit outside on a beautiful day!Our friends who live within blocks of Wedge & Fig got a card in the mail for a First Friday special cheese plate. We got done with the galleries early & went to get a table at 8pm to sit & eat (we carried a bottle of wine around all night in anticipation of the advertised special) & check out a place that is new to all of us. At any rate, we entered and asked the man behind the counter if we could just sit anywhere (this being our first time) and he told us that the store was closed. We mentioned the card & asked if we could try the cheese plate to go- would they honor the card we got in the mail for the special? He said he had never done a cheese plate to go -as though cutting the same cheeses but putting them in a box and not on a plate in the store was such an outrageous idea, that it had never occurred to him. Why draw people there with a promotion to introduce the store to the locals and close an hour BEFORE First Friday ends? In addition to the short sighted hours on a busy Friday night, it seemed strange that they would turn away business that is planning to spend $$ and then walk out minutes before you close. This is not a place to stay and hang out in for hours, this place is trying to sell cheese, right? So if it's about the cheese, why not get in as many cheese sales you can get in before closing? Not very much good business sense going on. We would have tried you out but never mind now. We will continue to spend at least forty bucks a trip at Downtown Cheese at the Reading Terminal each time we are there despite the fact that w&f is about 20 blocks closer to our house. Stupid.Loved their brunch (this review is only for their brunch). It's tiny and cute. Service was good. My girlfriend and I split the Eggs Nola (poached eggs, Cajun-spiced Tasso ham and creamy hollandaise served on top of house-made cornbread. Served with lemon parmesan potatoes + dressed greens) and the Betty Draper sandwich (delicious truffled egg salad, cucumber + lemon-salt on whole wheat.) The Betty Draper also comes with candy cigs- it was real cute. I loved both dishes (esp the truffled egg salad since I love anything truffled- what a great idea btw). I wouldn't mind stopping back in the next time I'm in the area (without the kids). Thanks Wedge + Fig for a lovely ending to a lovely girls weekend!Have had lunch here twice, so far.  Enjoyed the Ex-pat (never knew Marmite could taste this good) and Red Goat sandwiches.  Can't wait to try their other offerings.  Wonderful cheese selection too.  A great place to enjoy a cheese platter with some BYOB wine after work.Went for brunch and enjoyed French toast and two different egg dishes amongst our table. Service was very attentive but the kitchen a little backed up during a busy brunch rush. Will be back the next time we are in town.Stopped by for brunch on a rainy Saturday morning recently and fell in love. This place is small, so make sure you plan accordingly (unfortunately for brunch they don't take reservations). We brought our own champagne and the waitress gladly offered to open it for us and bring OJ as soon as we sat down. 
I enjoyed the special french toast for the weekend that included a peach puree (it was AWESOME) and my guest tried their NOLA eggs (he loved it). Add it to the list of my favorite brunch spots in the city. The menu is small, but there are several options for you to change up the classics. 
They have a huge selection of cheese, so I will be stopping by in the near future to try a few of those!Just came here for a quick snack in the weird eating time between lunch and dinner.  We ordered a grilled cheese with apple, onion, and brie.  The bread was toasted perfectly, but the apple they chose was not crispy enough as it was very mealy.  In my experience, crisper apples are generally used in grilled cheeses to stand up to the cooking and keep it's texture.  The service was a bit slow for a somewhat empty place, but I will definitely come back to try again at a more normal hour and order a bit more food.I really liked this place. It has an incredible selection of cheeses, including my favorite ones, which are hard to find. They made a grilled cheese with midnight moon, which is an aged goat cheese and has this incredible nuttiness to it. They suggested to pair with Fontina since the goat cheese doesn't melt well by itself. It was a great suggestion and it was really an amazing grilled cheese. 
The family has a nice ambiance, very nice staff and incredibly fresh, delicious food. I want to say next time we are in Philly, we will stop by again.When I think of Wedge and Fig in Old City I think of Cheese and Challah.  Both are specialties here.  My favorite thing to order here ... and I am not alone in this ... is the Shackamaxon sandwich.  Named for the Lenni-Lenape meeting place on the Delaware River where William Penn and the native Americans signed a treaty of peace, this challah sandwich filled with turkey breast, brie, mango, and arugula is very tasty.  It is def a bit on the pricey side of things but also def worth it every so often.  In addition they offer up a variety of full cheese boards and other dishes with a cheese component to them.  Eat in or take out, Wedge and Fig has become an Old City fixture.Went for brunch with my husband. We were in Philly for a weekend get away. Based on the reviews, I practically ran here. There was a street fair happening and the restaurant was setting up their booth. When we came up to the door, there was no one to meet you. A frazzled manager(possibly) came a few mins later. He showed us to an indoor table and before he sat us down, told us that it would be very slow service due to them being busy and setting up for the street fair. Is that my problem?  No.  We reluctantly sat anyway. Our table was wobbly and the manager? acknowledged this, said it needed to be fixed but never fixed it. We waited a good half hour for the food. I had the stuffed French toast which was ok, nothing to write home about. My husband had the Eggs Nola which he said were very good. Our waitress hustled the whole time and was very good. Overall, the place was just ok in my opinion. And, for out of towers, completely uninviting.Small, quaint little shop that primarily sells cheeses but has a nice sit down service as well. The service is excellent and they have a specials board above on the chalkboard as well as a smaller menu with a decent selection of choices. 
I had the Bacon Lattice Mac n cheese pie, which was absolutely amazing. The special of the day was a panini with fried egg, pork belly, and cheese and that was absolutely amazing. 
Great location on 3rd street just a couple blocks from independence mall.oh my oh my oh my
you must try this place if you're in old city of philly......
I had the day special and my friend had the bacon mac and cheese pie :) they were both absolutely delicious. 
the pie is basically mac and cheese with bacon as lattice. it looks wonderful and tastes wonderful. 
the special panini is absolutely amazing, it was with pork belly bacon egg and mayo...... God the portion is huge and price is just right, we had so much and it only came to 28! 
we are thinking of coming back to philly just for this place hahCame for brunch once with a small group of girlfriends -- it was different but very good!!I used to come here a lot more often when I lived in Old City, and the food was always delicious. Their sandwiches are always excellent, and made with unique combinations of fresh and tasty ingredients. As soon as the weather is nicer, I'll have to make the trek down more often!
The location itself is a bit of a challenge. It's very small and cramped. I've only ever gotten food to go because there has never been a table available, and I feel awkward standing there waiting for someone to leave when they're all so close to me - like I'm hovering, even if I don't mean to. Whenever I'm waiting for food (and the weather is bad so I don't want to wait outside) I'm never sure where to stand, because I always seem to be in someone's way. Otherwise, it's a great little place and definitely worth stopping in!Absolute MUST eat in the backyard garden!
I've been here for both lunch and dinner, and both were amazing experiences. The male waiter working on 8/13 for the dinner shift (I'm so bad with names!) was an absolute AMAZING waiter. Probably the best I've ever had. He explained all the cheeses with great depth, along with made amazing recommendations. I had the beet salad and it was superb. I splurged with a brownie for desert which was the perfect balance of chocolatey sweet (some places make their desserts too rich so that you can't enjoy it, but this one was just perfect!).
It's a BYOB and they have cheeses a la carte. I want to come for a "happy hour" so to speak next time and bring some wine and have a bunch of cheese plates before dinner with some friends. I think that would be the perfect place!
To top it all off, the backyard garden is so beautiful! I've been in both August and in March and both times they kept it at an enjoyable temperature. Because it's mostly enclosed with buildings around it, it keeps the sun off of you in the summer, but keeps the warmth in during the winter (they have heaters out in the colder months). You must eat in the garden, it's worth the wait!This place is amazing. Their mac + cheese bacon lattice is heaven. I had to share that though. Perfect for two people or one very hungry person. It is literally a pie filled with mac and cheese topped with bacon. The bacon was perfect. Wasn't burnt or rubbery. The mac and cheese was so cheesy and warm. The place is small but it's cute and inviting. The staff is great and friendly. Price is great.
Definitely give this place a try!Spur of the moment choice for brunch because it looked like a cute little spot. W+F has garden seatings in the back which I thought was a nice touch, they had an awning covering but I assume on better days they take off that cover?
W+F is BYOB, they also put an ice pack around your bottle - it's a cute idea and different from your average ice bucket. Their brunch menu was pretty big and portion size was average. The Eggs NOLA was ok, it's basically an eggs benedict but instead of an english muffin on the bottom, it was cornbread. Maybe it wasn't the best idea because my cornbread started to get soggy. The Strawberry Stuffed French Toast was light, for the price it was worth the dish. Finally, the Bacon-Lattice Mac + Cheese Pie felt a bit lacking. Lots of bacon weaved on top of the mac+cheese but the actual mac+cheese felt a little bland?
The overall meal was just ok, nothing too extravagant or amazing.I initially made reservations because I thought this was a fancy restaurant, but it's really a cute little shop where locals stopped in to buy cheese during our meal. The food has the quality of the nicest restaurant in town, however. I had a dish called "Spring Garden," I think it was. It was fake meatballs with tomato sauce and little pastas (I forget the name of them). It was delicious and a huge portion so I had dinner for the next day. My mom had the gnocchi with meatloaf on top and she said it was the best gnocchi she'd ever had (and she's been to Italy). We got chocolate creme brûlée and key lime pie to go and they were both delicious. I was worried that the chocolate would overwhelm the taste of the creme brûlée but it didn't. They went together very nicely. We ate around 6:30 and the place was almost empty, definitely didn't need reservations. No outdoor seating.Based on a recommendation I received from a relatively "fancy schmancy" person and all the great reviews, I was expecting this place to be a little grander.  It was very small with only a few tables and although it was by no means in disrepair or a dump, it was not "nice."  
That's all I have to say in the negative, because my sandwich was quite perfect and tasty.  I did a create your own grilled cheese and the truffle honey with the pesto and sharp cheddar was very delicious and I loved the generous pile of basic, lightly dressed mixed greens that were served with it.  It was a super tasty little place to have lunch alone while visiting the city for work, although I don't know that I'd go running back.Fantastic! I was in Philly visiting a friends and we walked by this place over and over and decided to stop in. The waitress made excellent recommendations and the food was delicious. If you love sweet, try the mint brownie.  Great place to stop for brunch/lunch.Went to Wedge & Fig for a quick bite with my mom one Sunday afternoon a couple weeks ago. Had one of the three cheese slates (had the Humboldt Fog, Beemster, and a cheese I forget the name of, cuz I had to order it as a second option as they had ran out of my first. With a delicious fig cake and membrillo.) also had a delicious cappuccino.  the place is cozy and adorable, makes me feel like Im in Paris or something. Only thing I can complain about is that the service was a bit condescending and snooty for my taste. I like a place to make me feel welcome and comfortable, but they kind of made me feel stupid and like they were annoyed with me. Overall, a great place and I'll be back to try more cheeses and the sandwiches!Food looked delicious but the British woman up front was so rude, we left.
We explained we were first time customers.  There was a 29 minute wait.  While waking we asked to see a menu.  We did not notice the grilled cheese bar that we saw on the website.  We asked politely if that was still available and she said "yes, it's on the menu."
We explained we did not see it and we're sure we're missing something.
She snatched it from us and looked it over for about a minute cover to cover, then threw it back at us and said "well, you have the brunch menu"
We asked if that was the wrong menu.  And she said it was right.  So was the grilled cheese bar available or not since it wasn't on the menu.
She was so frustrated with us that I finally said "we're clearly too dumb to eat here. "
We walked out.
While we were outside there were two other parties that left.  A young couple and a party of 4.  They also left because she yelled at them.  
The young couple apparently got confused and enters through the back patio.  The other party simply was standing too close to the restrooms.
Places to eat area a dime a dozen.  We spent our dime elsewhere.This place has been a great find. Amazing food and killer coffee!! Quaint and super cute. Only downside is this really awkward server that I seem to get EVERY TIME IM THERE!! The things that come out of this girl's mouth to guests are not... things ...one in her profession would tend to say...? Yikes.
Also, I was there one time having a very difficult conversation with a family member and being a server, it SHOULD have been obvious that it was NOT a good time to approach the table to ask us if we wanted to order more food.. Tact. Wow. Whatever, I go back because the food is amazing and the coffee is some of the best I've had in all my travels.My friend and our girls ate here yesterday for lunch.  Everything was very good.  The girls had a grill cheese since they are 10 as close to plain as possiable. lol But they had white bread with fontina it was rather tasty.  I had the la Mancha it was tasty.  My friend has the chicken salad and said that was good tooQuaint little spot in old city - on 3rd and Cherry st area. 
Love this place!!! I made reservations ahead of time. I was running late but they were super accommodating. 
I got the billy penn salad aka cobb salad and it came with a decent amount of chicken, avocado, bacon, blue cheese, tomatoes, and salad. The presentation was cute and the ingredients were super fresh (~$14). It also came with the dressing on the side and side of bread w oil. 
I also got the cheeseboard, excellent presentation!!
The food is super fresh and the service was super friendly!!! They have a decent selection of desserts as well if you have a sweet tooth. 
They have an extensive selection of cheese too!
I'll def be back, it's a small place but I like it! BYOB!!I've gone to Wedge & Fig for lunch a few times and each time it's phenomenal. I've got the panini special, which consisted of a poached egg, tomato, bacon and some kind of awesome cheese on whole-wheat bread. It came with a small side salad and simple vinaigrette- this is how lunch should be! I've also had the Blue Figs - Buttery Fourme d'Ambert blue cheese, sweet fig preserves + prosciutto on pretzel bread and the Caramel Apple - Norwegian gjetost cheese, quince paste + apples on whole wheat. A grown-up PBJ!
I also tasted some of a friend's Jawn sandwich, fancy ham & cheese, and it came on pretzel bread- yum! Throw in the French press large coffee to share and you have yourself quite a meal. 
Special Note: There's a great outdoor patio in the back and I highly recommend it. They also had a heater back there!Wedge + Fig is a great lunch spot! The sandwiches, soups and salads are tasty.  Be careful if you make your own grilled cheese though, the add on's really do add up quick.I can describe this establishment as nothing other than perfectly quaint. The enclosed back patio is sheltered by a canopy of vegetation just thick enough to shade the area but just sparse enough to allow diners to enjoy sunny days. I stopped in with a friend for lunch... the sandwich options were varied and all sounded positively yummy. Portions were appropriate (generous without seeming gluttonous), service was casual yet timely and the food preparation was thoughtfully executed. I will definitely venture back for lunches in spring!Food was great
Had the bacon mac and cheese pie...very heavy so try sharing it
Wife got a make your own grilled cheese w cheddar bacon and jalapeño and it was delicious
Would def come back.Amazing hole in the wall with delicious food and very charming garden seating! BYOB with very well-thought out cheese boards and knowledgable staff! Great way to spend an early evening! Special mention: shackamaxon sandwich, chocolate fig with cheese, french toast, and pork belly flat bread! Delectable!Cool outdoor area and awesome cheeses. We got there a little later and were put in a tiny corner in the garden. I'd say a 3.5 overall but I feel like brunch would be a 4.Food was great.  They are a bit unflexible with making changes.  For example, They make scrambled eggs but were not willing to put cheese on top.This bistro is really lovely, in ambiance and in the quality of their food.
They have a steady menu used for lunch and then dinners. In addition, they have daily specials which usually include a type of soup and sandwich.
They are great with gluten free and vegetarian options. The staff is incredibly knowledgable and are always willing to answer your questions.My husband ordered the grilled cheese - manchego, gouda, and bacon.  Gooey perfection.  
I was looking for something lighter but equally as delicious so I opted for the Waldorf salad.  I know it's not as sexy as it's cheesy counterpart (at first blush) - but it could hold it's own.  It was a wonderful blend of savory, sweet, and tart.  While I'll usually eat some of my food and reach for his - especially if his is grilled cheese,  I didn't this time because the salad was completely satifying.  
The waitress was sweet and accommodating - asking the chef whether the blue cheese was pasteurized.  Their only fault is that they've got me hooked and they don't have a place in DC.Went to Wedge + Fig for brunch on Sunday to use a Daily Candy deal that my friend had purchased. It is a cute but tiny place.. there aren't many tables inside and the place was packed except for a table for two by the door. Perfect. Included in the Daily Candy deal was a cheese platter and our choice of two brunch or lunch items. Since I'm a huge fan of pork roll, I went with the Benny Frank - pork roll, friend egg, Chimay a la Biere, and spicy mustard served Panini style on a Kaiser roll. It was delicious and probably the fanciest pork roll sandwich I've ever had. I am usually hesitant when it comes to condiments and got the mustard on the side. After tasting how good it was, I wish I got it on my sandwich. My friend went with the Eggs NOLA - poached eggs, spiced ham, and hollandaise on cornbread. I had a bite and it was pretty good considering I don't love cornbread. Both items came with a small side salad and parmesan potatoes. It was a generous amount of food for brunch. 
We also ordered the bacon mac & cheese pie. My friend wasn't a fan of the cheese used (chef's choice) but I enjoyed it. It was very creamy and I liked that they made it with something other than the traditional cheddar. Our waiter actually forgot to bring out the cheese platter in the beginning of the meal (I'm not complaining since I probably wouldn't have finished my sandwich otherwise) and helped us choose 3 types of cheese to take home. He suggested we go with a creamy one, a sweet nutty one, and an aged cheddar. He didn't steer us wrong and they made for a tasty afternoon snack. 
We had read that it was byob and came prepared with a bottle of champagne, ordered some orange juice, and made ourselves mimosas. There is nothing I enjoy more than brunch and byob's. Needless to say, I fell in love with this place. The icing on the cake of a great brunch was that the Daily Candy deal covered everything we ordered, including the orange juice for our mimosas and a third item of mac & cheese. I'll definitely be going back to try some of their paninis. Just by reading the descriptions on the menu, you can tell they're not your run-of-the-mill sandwiches.Loved it!!! Small comfortable restaurant with an extensive cheese counter up front. The specials were listed on a board. I went with a friend for lunch today. I sat down before she arrived and had a small pot of cinnamon spice tea. For lunch we both ordered grilled cheese sandwiches. Mine was pumpernickel bread, Brie, fig spread and a fried egg. It was wonderful. Not cheap but well worth every penny. Our waitress was also very helpful in making recommendations and describing various things on the menu.gotta love a byob brunch place - food was delicious, service friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is quaint and fun!Must request to sit in "the garden" on a nice day! Great, knowledgeable waitstaff. Excellent quality baguettes and cheese selection, labeled artistically and served with Figs and honey and walnuts. Iced coffee was also delicious, because the quality of the coffee.  Perfect light lunch fare in olde city. I'll definitely be returning here again.A short and sweet review for one of my favorite new spots:
This is literally right by my house. Like, steps away. I pass it always, and have never went in. On a cold lazy night, we decided to try it. I AM SO GLAD.
The place is about as big as my bedroom. What it lacks in size, it totally makes up for in intimacy and cuisine. The staff was super friendly; a quality I put under the microscope at every place I dine.  We called and asked for a table, and someone was waiting to seat us when we arrived. The menu is simple, consisting of soups, sandwiches, salad and a few entrées. There is a case of rotational freshly baked sweets, and a giant case of cheeses. 
Now, anywhere that serves cheese plates is already high up there in my book. Is there anything bad about great cheese? I cannot think of a single thing. 
W&F takes it a step further and is BYOB. I don't know about you, but a place where I can bring my own dranks and enjoy cheese? YAS 
Highlights: 
//Mac&cheese// oooooo baby, it's something special. 
//lemon tart// enough said 
//Cobb salad// fresh and easily enough for two 
5 stars for you, sweet tiny W&F.I've been going here for about a year and a half. It's Philly's secret gem. Not a lot of people know about it. It's BYOB which is a huge plus. They have a great selection of cheese. They don't really change their menu much from what I can tell, but I come  here to drink wine and eat cheese so that's okay with me.Great grilled cheeses.
Have been here for small quick dinner dates with the girlfriend, and it's a fantastic little spot.  Moderately priced, delicious assortment of grilled cheese sandwhiches.  I'm a particular fan of grilled cheese sandhwiches in general, and while I'll always love my good old fashioned Kraft American singles and wonderbread, this place probably takes the cake for savory sandwhiches in the city.
We have also done a little BYOB wine and cheese platter evening.  Cost us a total of about twenty bucks to grab a bottle of wine from a Wine & Spirits and sit around for an hour feeling sophisticated and social nibbling at some tasty cheeses.BYOB brunch involved a bottle of rosé champagne, so I started off happy. 
The NOLA eggs Benny was amazing. Only trouble is it was served a bit lukewarm I'm guessing to wait on the yummers home fries that came w it which were piping hot. The tiny shop was a little cramped and there was a bit of bumping as anyone passed the tiny cafe tables. 
Sadly they had run out of the bacon Mac n cheese pie my date wanted so I'd suggest getting there early if that's your raison d'y aller. 
very nice staff, super reasonable prices. Quiet area on a cold Sunday morning.Definitely worth a visit.  Get the specials!  And call for reservations, just to be safe.
This was in a really nice part of the old city; relatively quiet but scenic.  It's a small, comfortable place with a great display case of cheeses and desserts, with the kitchen somewhat raised to the restaurant floor.
The waiter was extremely accommodating and responsive without being overbearing nor pretentious, which was great--this is a house of flavor, and it'll be hard for many to really be prepared for the zoo of flavors that can be unleashed there.
My first dish was a daily special they're considering adding to the spring menu--fried dates stuffed with jalapenos and creme fresche.  GET IT IF YOU CAN!  This was really, really good--it set the bar WAY HIGH for the rest of my meal.  I savored every bite.
Second and third dishes were also good, but really paled in comparison to the first.  I had the daily flat bread special, with ham, bell pepper, and some type of whiskey cheese, as well as a chicken curry salad (can't find the details, and I can't remember).  The flatbread was good (much, much better as it cooled, actually), but a bit heavy.  The salad's flavors were OK, but ... nothing exciting, and certainly nothing reaching the heights of the dates.
They seem to have well-thought-out daily specials, so I really recommend taking advantage of them.  I'd definitely visit this place again to see what they're up to!Giving Wedge + Fig two stars breaks my heart, but this once prime brunch spot has gone way down hill.
It's been a few months since we've been to Wedge + Fig, but we always loved the food, service, and atmosphere. When we went in for Sunday brunch today, there were obvious changes: no cheese or dessert on display, no French press coffee, no daily scones listed, what appeared to be increased prices. We found out shortly after sitting down that the restaurant was under new ownership.
We ordered a breakfast sandwich and the Eggs NOLA. When we sat down, we were the third table seated. Our food took 25 minutes to arrive, which felt like a long wait for so few tables (...and three waitresses working). Even with the abundance of staff, we still had to get up to request cream and spoons for our coffee. The food was mediocre. No potatoes with the sandwich, salads that were hardly dressed and bland. The Eggs NOLA was a cheap version of what it once was, with overcooked eggs and biscuits that tasted faintly like they came out of a can. The potatoes that came with the NOLA were dry and under seasoned (definitely not the same lemon parmesan potatoes). We finished the meal and left feeling disappointed.
Wedge + Fig was--and continues to be--a neighborhood staple. But the memory is far better than the current reality. With so many new brunch spots in the area, I appreciate the need for change. We brought friends and family here and spent many weekend mornings dining in the garden. Unfortunately, the things we loved about Wedge + Fig are gone, and with that, our service.We were surprised how crowded this small cafe was on a Saturday at 1:30pm. We ordered a pot of the special Hot Cinnamon Spice tea (which was just flavored from a teabag, nothing added in). I also got the La Mancha Salad and while the portion size overall was just right for a late lunch, I appreciated the generosity of the portion of the  yummy elements (serrano ham, Manchego cheese, figs, and almonds)...however, the shallow plates just make it hard to eat without sending some greens over the side. The accompanying baguette was delicious - perfectly crunchy crust with a soft inside.Wedge & Fig is a super cute BYO brunch spot. We were seated within 10 minutes even though there are only about 10 tables inside. The staff is friendly & knowledgeable about the menu, particularly cheese recommendations. 
We started off with the Euro Zone cheese plate. The prima was my absolute favorite. We also shared a side of mac & cheese. Between the 3 of us it was a good size to split. I ordered the Eggs Nola (eggs Benedict). Poached eggs were served over cornbread rather than an English Muffin which was actually pretty good. 
Overall our experience was great & we'd definitely go back, even if just for the cheese.I live in the neighborhood and recently was delighted to see this new restaurant in town.  A group of five of us sat outside in their quaint patio and had a delicious meal.  The chef cooks fresh, beautiful, and tasty food.  I had a yummy chilled roasted pepper soup and half of the chevre/beet sandwich.  My husband had what he described as the best egg salad sandwich that he has ever had.   They also serve brunch on the weekends.  This place truly is a highlight in Olde City and I would encourage everyone to patronize this place!OMG The best, simply the best. Came here a few weeks ago for the first time and was pleasantly surprised at how adorable this place was. Its really small with only a few tables, but my fiance and I were seated promptly and served very quickly. I ordered this dish, bacon over mac and cheese with more bacon bits inside of it. Pretty simply, but oh so amazing. Our appetizers and desserts were also TO DIE FOR! Our waiter was super cool as well and made us feel welcome. I seriously can't wait to go back here again.Mac n cheese uninspiring but sandwiches really good and A+ for atmosphere. Sit in the garden if you can.This place is special. I rarely write reviews but I was inspired tonight. Great food, great service, great atmosphere and music.This place is everything I hoped it would be and more! We came for brunch on a Sunday with 7 people and they were super accommodating. It's a smaller restaurant but everything was amazing! The cheese selection was great! We got a 5 cheese cheese plate and it was wonderful. Everyone we were with ordered different things and everything was good. We had the bacon Mac and cheese and it was delicious! This place has a local, family run feel. Overall definitely recommend and I'll definitely be back.Billy Penn salad is a major win and adorable back garden seating!Great selection! This lovely little restaurant had an exceptional selection for a late lunch/dinner. We had a service dog with us and they were very accommodating. The cheese board was a great way to start. All of our meals were very good. Highly recommended. Can't pick a bad meal at this place. Stop reading my review. Just go here. Seriously. :-)As a native Californian, I love all things fig (Did you know that California produces 98% of the nation's fresh figs?).  So naturally, when moving into the neighborhood I noticed Wedge + Fig right away.
It is the PERFECT location for brunch on a nice day (request patio seating).  It is quaint, adorable, delicious and fresh.  And also, there is a (are you sitting down?) bacon lattice mac and cheese pie on the menu.  Don't get too excited though, that is only one of several delicious options to choose from to accompany the wine that you BYOed.
Wedge + Fig, thank you for keeping Old City classy.A good place for a cheap meal in Old City. We had a bowl of lentil soup and two sandwiches  for $22 plus the tip.  
The sandwiches were tasty, I give 2 thumbs up to the "Blue Fig" which combined blue cheese, fig spread, and a generous layer of proscuitto between two slices of pretzel bread. I really enjoyed the contrast of sweet and salty in this sandwich but it was also very rich.  
I shared half of my Blue Figs sandwich with my husband, and in return got half of his the Shackmaxon, which I thought was less successful.  The turkey was a bit dry, the mustard overpowering so that you could not really taste the brie on the sandwich.  I didn't like the mango slices with this combo either.  The highlight of that sandwich was the challah bread.
The lentil soup was tasty if a bit over salty.
I understand that they have a nice courtyard in the back for  open air dining in warmer weather. As it was below freezing, we ate indoors, however, the front door had a tendency to swing open letting in blasts of freezing cold air.  If you can, don't sit by the door, or it will be your job to close it every time it swings open.
The service was slow, there was only one waitress, we were hungry and it seemed like the food took forever to come.
Overall, I gave it 3 stars, I think I would prefer it for lunch rather than dinner.