Chris Kearse, as always, culinary genius. 
They have a special tasting menu once a month, focusing on a specific ingredient. Just in time for fall, we went for the pumpkin tasting menu! Every dish that came out was beautifully plated, tasted delicious, and wasn't redundant in flavors or taste. The tiny restaurant is BYOB, yet wasn't uncomfortably cramped. 
Personally, I loved the appetizer with pumpkin, apple foam (I am pro foam everything), as well as the consumme with mushroom. Quail stuffed with pumpkin stuffing, and kampachi sashimi in a stone bowl with some pumpkin seeds and asian pear, cut out in little stars. 
Would definitely return for future tasting menus, or even a la carte. Continuing the kudos and popular opinion of food coma happiness!Everything was amazing from service to food.  Our server recommended the tasting menu in which the chef picks food from the menu.  We chose that and I am very happy we did.  First we had the lobster bisque amazing and decadent.  Then the snails which were great too. We had a mushroom dish which of course was amazing.  For entree we had the beef which was cooked to perfection. For dessert we had three different dishes which were all equally tasty on their own right. 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone. Amazing food, great service and cozy and quaint atmosphere.We came to Philly for our anniversary and decided to try this place based on a number of rave reviews.  We were not disappointed.  We came on a Sunday night and had the pre-fix menu.  The staff was very attentive and knowledgeable.  They treated us like royalty and graciously let us try things we've never had (like snails - which were so unbelievably tender and delicious - I shall sup on them again!).  The food was excellent - so much attention to detail and flavor.  we both opted for the duck as our main course and found it to be the best we've ever had by far - charred to perfection, yet bloody inside.  It was as good as many good steaks as I have had.  The desserts were so tasty too - not too sweet, subtle in their decadence.  Lastly, we were lucky to meet the Chef and owner, Chris.  He was so gracious and humble.  He gave us a number of recommendations that really helped make our weekend special.  we truly hope to make it bad for their anniversary party.We've been wanting to come to Will for so long and finally had our opportunity.  I will start by saying it was worth the wait  but at the same time  I wish we had come sooner.
Everything was excellent from the starters to dessert.  The corn soup with a small scoop of lemon sorbet blew our minds.   It sounds like a bizarre combination but WOW.  
If you ever have the chance you should definitely give yourself a culinary treat and eat at WILL.We spent a lovely evening last night at WILL.  I will be dreaming of eating the Chestnut & Parsnip soup I ate last night for at least a few weeks.
The BYOB is small but not suffocating.  It has a lovely ambiance and great music.  The staff were very pleasant and attentive.  We had a party of 5 so we experienced almost everything on the menu and everything was a winner.  I still think I won with the above mentioned soup.
I'll admit I was slightly put off by having to sign a contract to hold my reservation but I just had to do the same with a Vetri reservation recently so I guess this is becoming more common place.
All in all, this is a great place to try.  Perfect for a romantic date or a quaint group of friends.My initial concerns about finding enough fish and vegetarian items quickly disappeared.  There were plenty of items we could eat, and the server was knowledgeable and accommodating in substituting flavorful items when she needed to remove something.  Tiny intimate space.  In particular, the trout rocked.My husband and I have been eager to try Will  for months. So when it was time for my husband to find a restaurant for my birthday, there was only one place we both wanted to go to. He was able to call and get a reservation very easily and let them know it was my birthday.When we arrived, we were greeted by first names and sat at a table near the window overlooking Passyunk Avenue. Our server, Eric, was attentive, personable and obviously loved his job. He was very good and explaining the menu then talking us through the courses.
The food is french inspired and the serving size hits the spot. Each course (4 courses) varies completely from the last and there was no overlap in ingredients, presentation or style. Each course was it's own unique adventure. I am pretty sure the menu varies depending on the season, so you may want to call ahead or check the website for the current menu. Highlights of my meal were the Corn and Quinoa soup. It was a cold soup with cooked three times quinoa that was drizzled with sugar (it was crunchy and sweet and delicious), with lobster. The lobster is plated in the soup bowl, so its really lovely looking, then they pour the cold broth over it. Absolutely amazing. My Duck was cooked perfectly, as was my husbands beef. We tried both the deserts, the olive oil cake and the mango custard, but the mango custard stood out to me more. I also cannot forget to mention the saffron butter with bread, and the first appetizer of beets. I forget what cheese was served with the beets, but combined, they made an excellent starter.
Since it was my birthday, the owner sent out a special appetizer of foie gras. It was mixed with rabbit meat and served with bread and a pesto sauce, I believe. They also put a special Happy Birthday message on the menu for us! This was absolutely the most personal and special experience we have ever had a restaurant and it seems like Will shoots for that. Every other person that walked in the door was greeted like they were regulars (maybe they were, maybe it was their first time as well!). I feel like Will holds their reputation within the community to a different standard than most of the other places on Passyunk Avenue. This is a place for the locals, and a place visitors should come to to experience the true beauty of living in Passyunk Square.Had a great experience. The food was tasty, I had the venison stuffed quail, the oysters, shared the cheese plate and also got a dessert.  The staff was great ! No complaints on my end.We came in for my fiancées birthday and from the start the staff was wonderful. The decor is really nice and exactly what we like. The only thing that was a little challenging was the size of the restaurant and the tables. It was extremely tight in there and since we are both tall we felt it. However once we sat down it wasn't that bad. The staff was above and beyond. Super friendly and welcoming. Also they had written happy birthday on the menus for my fiancée and even put a candle in his dessert. If I were just reviewing the staff, this would have been 5 stars. 
We went with the chefs tasting menu and were happy we did. Even though you have less control over what you are eating it is a great experience to try things you wouldn't normally order. Most of the meal was good. Our favorite courses were the soup at the beginning and the tri tip beef as the fourth course. The fish course was a trout, which we both enjoyed but it wasn't our favorite. Overall we really did enjoy everything. There wasn't one complaint. But it didn't blow us away. 
I would definitely recommend this place to a friend. Very solid and if you are looking for an enjoyable night out with a warm staff, will BYOB should definitely be on the list. Honestly I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars because 3 is too low and 4 is just slightly too much.This restaurant has zero decoration. Super super super small, literally only has walls!! Feel suffocated! The appetizer rabbit thing is pretty good and the potato soup, honestly. However, entrees so plaint and nothing special. For what I expected from a $$$ 4 start Yelp restaurant, I can only gives thisAmazing food, artfully crafted. Nice ambiance. I thought that the price was certainly fair for the experience and area.Phenomenal food, atmosphere, and service. We came to celebrate our anniversary and were thoroughly impressed. The diversity and ingenuity in flavors and presentation was unexpected, but incredibly enjoyable.We found Will on line, but it was a fabulous dinner. Sunday Night Pre-fixe was delicious, and the cheese plate was only topped by the dessert plate!The dinner was very good (although bad price/quantity ratio) but my partner and I got food poisoning (probably from the octopus & pork appetizer, which is the only thing we shared). I sent them an e-mail to notify them, they didn't even apologize. Let's just say I won't go back there.A rare gem!!! You should definitely try this restaurant! My husband and I came to Philly for the weekend from NYC.  I was excited to see an East Passayunk Restaurant Week ad and we booked reservations.  When we got to the restaurant we were presented with their Sunday prix fixe menu that was different from the one I had seen.  We were informed that Restaurant Week started on Monday, my mistake.  It was a bit daunting looking at the 3 course menu with no prices, but it turned out to be the best mistake I ever made!  Each dish was visually outstanding and fused with complex flavors and textures.  Since I had seen the other menu online they accommodated my limited diet by serving me an exquisite sweet potato soup not on the menu.  We also opted for the caramelized onion, chicken crepe for an extra course which was richly succulent.  I had the monk fish, another gorgeous dish and my husband had the chicken.  It was well worth the price and we look forward to coming again the next time we're in Philly!Friday date night with my husband this past week was at Will and we were so incredibly pleased!  Such a cute date spot with romantic lighting and cozy seating.
Appetizers were the sweet potato + apple soup (10/10 for presentation) and the marcel crudo. Entrees were the monkfish and the Parisian gnocchi. Desserts were the cheese and the pot de creme, with the stout cake compliments of the chef.  Each bite was divine.  The flavors complimented each other so well and presentation was thoughtful and well executed.
Service was lovely and attentive.  Our wine and water glasses were never empty. The flow of the courses felt intentional and not rushed.
Cannot wait to return!A very good byob with an obviously talented chef. 
My husband & I really enjoyed our meal here & I would have certainly given them 5 stars if it hadn't been for the noise level inside the restaurant. Hopefully they will be able to address this issue in the coming weeks.
Things to note: very small so you will need reservation especially on Friday or Saturday nights. Go very early or late in the evening to avoid the higher decibel levels...Went here with my wife and had a fabulous experience. Nice ambience, good service and great food. We both had the Chiefs tasting menu. More then we would normally spend but worth every dollar.Never disappointed. Very creative menu. Excellent staff. I keep going back...The food was fabulous.  Beyond fabulous.  I had PA trout, and my sweetheart ordered poulard.  Every bite of the trout was different, as the trout was surrounded with a variety of vegetables and sauces--from edamame to onions to squash and beets. Each section of sweetheart's poulard was prepared in a different fashion, and again, surrounded by fabulous sauce and vegetables.  Why just three stars?  We would have loved to stay and try a dessert, but the noise level in the restaurant was unbearable.  We couldn't hear ourselves think, let alone hold a conversation.  I would love to return, if this teeny restaurant wasn't filled to capacity.This was another pleasant surprise.  The food was very creative, delicious and we all enjoyed a wonderful meal.  The prix fixe offering was absolutely a delight.This place is perfect in every way possible. A small place with intimate dining, and spectacular food. Some of the best in the city. The head chef is a master, and even the presentation is delightful to look at. Never had a bad dish here, and the menu is always changing with creative additions popping up regularly. If you are on the fence about going here, don't wait. Your taste buds will be forever happy.We ate there last night and had the Sunday prix fixe menu.  It was fantastic.  Service was spot on but the best part was the food.  Each dish had a blend of unusual and delicious flavors that worked so well together.  The smoked trout, as a first course, was presented on a toasted piece of house-made pumpernickle bread that really complemented the fish.  The second course, that I chose, of poularde with bacon marmalade was so good, we asked for more bread to soak up all the wonderful sauce.  Our friends had the duck breast with mushrooms and snails.  I always thought I didn't like snails. My taste of that dish definitely changed my mind.  Guess they need to be cooked well, as this chef can.  They were outstanding.  You have to try this restaurant!  You will be in heaven.Will BYOB is easily my favorite BYOB on Passyunk. The space is small, making for an intimate dining experience, and lined with high bookshelves holding all the cookbooks that have inspired the chef. He is heavily influenced by new French cuisine, and it shows in his absolutely delicious, beautifully plated culinary masterpieces.
We came by the other night for a late Passyunk Restaurant Week dinner. In recent years, Restaurant Week has lost its luster as restaurants choose to serve cheapened versions of their menu - that was not the case at Will. For appetizers, our party ordered the escargot, butter-drenched snails paired with sautéed savory mushrooms, and the peekytoe crab risotto - a delicately flavored yet creamy risotto topped with foam. We all ended up with the duck for our entrée (not for lack of choices; the skate wing and Parisian gnocchi looked amazing as well). The duck was outstanding - perfectly spiced and tender, served with crisp, peppery endive and a soft lentil stew that created a really lovely mélange of flavors and textures. The dessert was wonderful - a deconstructed, decadent chocolate bouchon served with tangy passionfruit curd and small dollops of meringue. 
Our waitress was a bit brusque and we did have to ask for a water refill, but in general, service was prompt and our dishes were well-explained. It was one of the best meals I've had in a while - and to think it was during Restaurant Week! I've been here before and loved my experience then as well, but I admire them even more now, knowing that the staff truly puts their hearts into every dish at every meal.The dinner I had at Will last night was one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of consuming. You know it's good when all you and your dining partner can talk about is the food in front of you! The whole experience here was excellent. 
For appetizers, my dude and I ordered the Chilled Jersey Corn Bisque and the Spanish Rock Octopus (for all the courses, we would try each other's dishes and switch). The Corn Bisque was my pick, so it was the first thing I tasted...I think we quickly realized at that point how great the rest of the meal was going to be! What I loved most about the Corn Bisque was the silky texture of the bisque itself; if they ran out of the scallop boudin, black garlic or corn shoots, this was wonderful in itself! Everything above complimented this and themselves all together. Dragging my spoon through the black garlic and then picking up other ingredients within the bowl really took the flavor to a special place. The Octopus was also quite good. Sometimes, I can feel a little grossed out by all the little legs, but it was prepared so well, I didn't even give them a second thought! The method in which the octopus itself was cooked gave it a wonderful flavor. The thing I enjoyed about it the most  was the green sauce that I believe was the "green tomato" part. I was beginning to notice the theme of a little extra something-somethin' flavor on the side of the dishes at this point. So many opportunities for flavor for one fork!
The main course for us was the Brook Trout and the Red Drum. Although tempted by two very amazing-sounding vegetarian options, it is difficult for me to pass up an opportunity to try fish when it sounds like it's going to be delightful: it was! My first time trying a red drum fish was a hit! Upon hitting my fork and knife, the fish fell apart in a wonderful way. The vegetables were young, fresh, and I loved the way the squash mingled with the sauce provençale, which was rich in a not-super overwhelming way. The Brook Trout was amazing. I love that they are extending fava beans into late summer! My favorite part of this dish is something I decided would be called "flavor bombs": arranged over top of the trout among the beans, pine nuts, and tomato confit was something that looked like half of a thin bean membrane with a tasty chilled creme substance injected into it. Make sure to have a piece of fish on your fork when you encounter this, woo! So good. 
At this point in our dinner, the nice couple seated next to us chatted us up about what we ordered and how much they enjoyed their meals. We learned that they had selected the exact same dishes as we did, swap the Bisque for the Heirloom Tomato Salad (which is what I almost ordered). We raved on with them for a few minutes. Although dude and I are not big "desert people", they said that it was not to be missed. 
So, we went with the Lemon-Olive Oil Financier and the Pot de Crème, the Pot de Crème being so well liked here on yelp that I definitely made sure that this was something we tried. Hello! That is a wonderful little desert. It wasn't overly sweet, which I like, and every component of banana, salted rum caramel, and walnut had an equal presence in the combination. 
It was the Lemon-Olive Oil Financier that did it for me -- I may be a little biased because I am always trying to get lavender to work in food, and the folks at Will are doing it really well here. The whole process of having it served and consuming it was even engaging. One minute, our server was talking about it and placing it on the table, and the next, the big dollop of lavender-infused creme sitting atop of the financier had deflated and distributed itself within the other parts of the desert (I had to ask our server about how the lavender had been integrated into the dollop. He said it had something to do with liquid nitrogen? Don't quote me on this, it was a very interesting and complex answer and I had just split a bottle of wine). The cake itself was amazing, as was the cheese-like stuff next to it, as was the corn ice cream, as was the blueberry compote-type stuff. I wish that I could talk about this one more, but between the two of us, it was not on my plate for very long. It was the best desert I've ever had! I will certain return for this and update this portion in a more articulate way.
Everything else: the service was super professional. The decor is minimal, which is actually kind of nice for a smaller space like that. That said, I felt like I had enough personal bubble to myself. 
And we left feeling insanely full. Whoever complains about the small portions here must have two stomaches. Because we also had delicious bread with arugula butter and the yummy complimentary cookies did us in at the end (we went home to digest and couldn't even watch Bob's Burgers on Netflix). 
Congratulations to my new favorite restaurant in Philly on their one year anniversary! BRB ASAP OK?This little gem lives up to its reputation! Had a delicious dinner here, ambiance was great for being so small, didn't feel like people were in my space. Inventive dishes and techniques, well cooked, just the right portions. They even accommodated my food issues without making me feel like I was a pain in the ass! Stout cake dessert was amazeballs, and they send you home with yummy little cookies to eat later! Definitely going back.Everything was pretty memorable. I had a ricotta dumping appetizer and Dourade for an entree and both were very good. For dessert, the chocolate bouchon was really good and came in a fun bowl. One of the main entrees (it was a price fixe menu the night we went) was chicken prepared four different ways. It was the least exciting of what we had, but not bad. Good coffee.I wanted to love this place, but it was only ok - which isn't great considering the price. I went with a few friends on a Thursday night - the reservations had been made a couple months in advance. On the third Wednesday of the month, they have a tasting menu, where I believe you basically have no option as to what you get. But, since I was going on a Thursday, I didn't pay much attention to that month's tasting menu (based on truffles). Except, turns out they decided to do the tasting menu on Thursday too. Now, I probably would've opted for the tasting menu anyway (I'm a huge mushroom/truffle fan), but I don't think it's good practice to basically force your customers into a tasting menu they weren't expecting, especially since one of my dining partners doesn't really care for mushrooms. 
Whatever, we went with the tasting menu. And it was only ok. Started with a sunchoke dish, which had an odd flavor. Next was a pork terrine, which was actually really good. Then a piece of ravioli - large, not that large, and only one piece. Then, a skate wing, which was too salty but otherwise good. Finally, an piece of opera cake, the only item that was good-sized (all the other portions were tiny), but it was kind of dry. The servers had forgotten to give us our roll and butter, but did so when I inquired as to what was in the basket they kept walking around with. It was a mustard roll, and it was very good. But still ended up leaving the place, after a two-hour meal accompanied by a bottle of wine each, not really full. By the time I got home, I was actually kind of hungry. Don't like spending $60+ to end up still hungry.
Also, the place is tiny, which can be charming, but it was also loud, which didn't add to the charm and made it feel more cramped than it might otherwise have. 
The servers were sweet, though, so that's a plus.My mom and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner here tonight. Not only was the service excellent the food was absolutely fantastic, especially for the price. The oysters, the corn soup, and the desserts were highlights for me although candidly everything was very good. Also, the house made bread was a cut above anywhere else I've been in the last year. 
From what I've read, the bad reviews have been largely people who came in expecting something different than what Will BYOB is: which is a reasonably priced, but very elevated French inspired food experience. 
It was the best dining experience I've had in Philadelphia in months and marches the twin towers of exciting food in Collingswood of Hearthside and Zeppoli.There are a lot of good cooking ideas and good dishes on display in this little boîte of a restaurant humming with happy diners (actually "humming" might not be the right term since the cacophony is a bit of a problem in the small space where little has been done to temper the din when the restaurant is full).
Top dishes: the earthy fall soup with peekytoe crab, a stellar appetizer of sweet sea scallops with several innovative accompaniments forming a lovely contrapuntal taste melody, a perfectly rendered and tasting Wagyu steak.  My own selections came with flaws.  The small foie gras piece served as a special appetizers had one side (the top) assertively seared while the bottom was practically raw and almost cold.  The Hudson Valley dourade, while skillfully cooked, had a brackish, swampy taste that disappointed expectations of sweetly tasting fresh fish.  In both cases, the sum of the various ingredients used on the plate was less than its interesting-sounding parts.
The bread served was very good (a small slice per person), the butter that came with it rich but doled out so parsimoniously that I hardly got a tiny speck when my companions had tried the quail-egg sized portion.
Still, Will is a place with attractive culinary sensibilities and I certainly want to go back and try other dishes and also try one of the ingredient-themed Tuesday evening meals.  Service is attentive, competent, and nice, prices fair.  I fully expect a five star meal here in the near future.Awesome intimate date night spot. It's not the cheapest, but the atmosphere is awesome and the food follows suit. Splurge and go here on a special occasion! I prefer the prefixed menus when the chef chooses everything for me and I can try something new!Food was amazing and expertly crafted. There seemed to be a theme of radishes that carried through the dishes. The presentation was some of the best I've ever seen. We ordered the whole roasted hen of the woods mushroom and beet cured salmon as starters. Both were excellent and the crispy chicken skin with the salmon was delish. We shared the gnocchi and it was much larger than expected (size of the gnocchi that is) and I loved the tomato butter sauce. For entrees we had the culotte de boeuf and the duck breast. The skin was perfectly crispy on the duck and the steak was cooked to perfection. The service was excellent but on the edge of annoying. It was nice to sit outside. Would love to try there Sunday prix fixe or Tuesday tasting menu.Beautiful plating and portions were fair. Everything on the plates tasted great, but some of the flavors did not blend together well/were too overpowering.
Restaurant was a bit cramp. The dinner felt a bit rushed throughWe've heard great reviews from our friends who dine here frequently so we went for the tasting menu. Overall disappointing. The fois gras was stringy which didn't have a pleasant texture nor taste. The pickling of some of the vegetables was so extreme which overwhelmed the dish and taste buds. There was a lack in balance of flavors.The cheese in the final course may not have been stored properly because it tasted rank (almost fishy) and I never met a cheese I didn't like. I really hope this was an off night for them.another wonderful restaurant in passayunk section of philly...restaurant was very tiny...tasty food... but biggest disappointment  was the portion of food...too small of portion for the price...Overall, I really enjoyed my dinner at Will BYOB.  The food was good. the restaurant was tiny and cute.  i thought the service could have been better, but overall, not bad.
we ordered the following:
Cheese plate - various cheeses, ham, pear - can't ever go wrong with this, imo
Florida Lane Snapper Crudo - simple, clean, the snapper does not a lot of seasoning by itself so eat it with other components on the plate. 
Foie Gras Torchon - nice flavor. not my favorite sort of texture (pate-like) but my friend who doesn't like foie gras even liked it.
Whole Roasted Hen of the Woods Mushroom - my fave app of the 3.  earthy flavor. very meaty mushroom.
Milk-Fed Poulard - chicken 4 ways - chicken was cooked well. moist. enjoyed the sides of shallots and potato.
Pot de Créme - similar to a banana pudding with some sort of crumble on top.  if you like banana flavor, you will like this dessert.Not sure if 3.5 or 4 stars is more appropriate. This is a very small restaurant in a converted row home. It is a BYO so make sure to bring wine. The staff was knowledgeable and attentive but a little pretentious. We have had the Wagyu beef, steelhead trout, Bergundy snails, and skate wing. The flavored are rich and intense. The portions are small. I like the concept but feel it is slightly overpriced for the amount you get and the atmosphere may be a little stuffy for some. Definitely a good date night spot.I have been to Will BYOB twice now and each time was so special and unique.  Christopher Kearse and his creatively wild kitchen skills have put this small French BYOB to the top of my list for Philadelphia cuisine and it can be easily described as "artsy foodie heaven". A must visit for visitors and locals.
Each third Tuesday of the month, Will BYOB offers a seasonal ingredient-themed tasting menu. Each dish offered from the set menu consists of a chosen ingredient to highlight the season.  Some ingredient pairings present and taste 'louder' than others while certain plates are more subtle leaving you to wonder "how did they do that?"
I came here for the asparagus and tomato themed menus and was impressed by the attention to detail, the flavor explosions, and the use of the ingredients that were ridiculously creative. The Tuesdays menu's are 4 courses plus dessert. The service is also impeccable.  I would definitely come back here for the Tuesday ingredient themed menu (check the website to see the offerings), the Sunday pre-fixe tasting menu, or even a la carte.  
Tips: 
Make a reservation in advance- this place is small and fills up quickly. 
Bring the wine- BYOB.Will's aspirations outstrip its capability.  I love what the chef is trying to do, but everything was a near miss.  Flavors that don't quite come together, dishes sometimes overwrought.  I think this could be a great place if the chef toned down his ambitions.
The service was a miss as well.  Our table was not ready but we were told one was opening up soon.  I have a hip problem that makes standing difficult.  I said we might leave rather than wait.  The waiter said, "whatever you want" in a slightly officious tone.  The table did vacate quickly, but the two servers took there time in cleaning and setting the table.  When it finally was ready, the waitress waved at us and pointed at the table.  Hardly professionalWill BYOB 1911 E Passyunk Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19148 | (215) 271-7683 | http://www.willbyob.com/ 
Will BYOB is an intimate house-converted-to-restaurant establishment specializing in both authentic classical French cuisine and its modern accouterments. They offer a simple a la carte menu with a special prix fixe menu on Sundays that is four courses. 
We decided on the tasting menu. 
The meal began with a delicious Plowshare Farms Pumpkin Potage. Pumpernickel. Uni Creme, Onion Confiture. The uni creme is the edible part of the sea urchin and deliciously balances the sweetness of the pumpkin potage. 
Burgundian snails glazed with garlic butter in a country ham Dashi emulsion. Steamed cauliflower, truffle of spinach puree, oyster jus. Dashi refers to stock made from fish and kelp, used in Japanese cooking. Delicious to say the least, and I am not one to be into eating snails. However, that being considered, I cleared my plate rather quickly...in 1-2 minutes to be exact. 
Whole Roasted Hen of the Woods Mushroom, better known as the Japanese name maitake mushroom, which means "dancing mushroom". Ricotta, Madeira, Petite Herbs. Madeira is a fortified Portuguese wine made in the Madeira Islands. Served with some edible marigolds. The mushroom tastes fresh and delicious and not chewy like one would expect a mushroom to be. It was a delight to eat that while I started cautiously, it turned out to be one of the best dishes of the evening. 
The meal was interrupted before the main course with a lovely palate cleanser in the form of a mango sherbet. Delicious. 
Main course: Florida Cobia Sunchokes. Shishito Peppers. Matsutake Mushroom. Red Wine Bouillon. Very similar to tuna. A very diverse fish. Honey miso surrounds the fish. Miso is a fermented rice based sauce. It added just the flavor the dish needed. Again, another home run at Will BYOB. 
Dessert: Crème Fraiche Coffee Cake. Chocolate Cremeux, Greek Yogurt, Red Wine Caramel.Pretty good spendy BYO, lovely staff, lovely location, would come back. A bit noisy. Appetizers are more expensive than entree prices would suggest. Of three dishes, one was superb (mushroom app), one was quite good (sea bream), one was good (tomato app), and one was not so good (rabbit foie gras terrine).will Byob puts together great dishes but can't compete with the other Byob options in Philadelphia
The atmosphere is pretentious, the portions are small, and the dishes are overpriced. We started with the hen of the mushroom app and the crudo. The mushroom dish was recommended but wasn't special. The crudo was good, but neither was worth the price. 
I had the Mahi Mahi entree, which was bland. 
Overall you can do better in phillyWe went here for New Years Eve with a 5 course set menu. The staff was very friendly, and the service was great. Since its a french inspired byob, you have to like or appreciate that type of food. I give it 3 stars because I didn't particular like some of the courses. I would have preferred if they had offered a choice to pick from for each course.
The first two courses were very good. The whole Roasted Hen of the Woods mushroom had a great flavor. I ordered the scallops that were cooked perfect, but my boyfriend's short rib was very dry. 
The 4th course was a large wedge of Robiola di Latte. It was delicious to taste, but too much to eat as a course.  And I was disappointed in the Milk Chocolate Pot de Créme. I didn't like the sour flavor of the passion fruit with the chocolate. It didn't taste good together. Overall I would go back again if there was something on the menu I wanted to try and I would avoid a set menu.Chef Chris takes food perfection to a higher level. Every detail is sumptuously addressed.
Food flavors I never knew existed explode first from the visuals on your plate, then one experiences
his magnificent food flavors in your palate. 
The servers and lead server Doug, are experienced, knowledgeable,
and enhance the dining experience. I have visited three times in the last six week, each time my expectations were exceeded.
And I cannot wait to return.
Highly recommend this unique byob Resturant.What an amazing experience! We are huge foodies and we were super excited to try Will. It certainly did not disappoint! From the moment we walked in, we were kindly greeted and treated so special throughout the entire night. We were celebrating my fiancé's 30th and they instantly made us feel we made the right choice on where to dine for the occasion. They added a personalized touch to our menu and brought him out a birthday dessert with a candle. The food was AMAZING! We had the 5 course tasting menu focusing on the ingredient of the month, which was crab. Every dish was so elaborate with flavor and unique. We loved every bite. Chef Chris is wonderful and we will certainly be back! I can't express enough how great our experience was.Went to will byob last night with a small group. Food was very good. Had the escargot as an appetizer and the Culotte de bouef as my main course. My wife had the vichyssoise appetizer and the scallop and octopus for dinner. Both were good but the highlight for her was her almond financier dessert. I had the chocolate dessert which was also a great end to the meal.  Service was probably more like 2.5 to 3 stars but the food made up for it in my opinion. Place is very tiny.Will BYOB is sublime! Menu is constantly changing, based on what is in season and inspiring. Chris Kearse is one of the most creative, talented chefs in Philadelphia (and a nice guy). Every taste in our 4-course price-fixed meal was just delicious...flavors and combinations I could not possibly recreate.. I highly recommend at least sharing an order of the optional pasta course. Ours was with lobster: yum! Service is friendly and attentive. The room  is cozy and dark and you feel like you are in someone's home. Will is one of my favorite spots and has helped make East Passyunk the dining Mecca of Philly. Can't wait to go back! And love that I can bring my own wine.My wife and I and another couple had dinner at Will BYOB last evening.  The food was outstanding -- truly fit for foodies.  Unfortunately, the entire experience was less than outstanding.  The problem is the extreme noise level.  (If it were not for the extreme noise level, this would be one of the best restaurants in the city.)  The place is tiny, the walls are hard, and there's no sound deadening.  The noise level was so high that it interfered with conversation and detracted from the excellence of the food.  The food deserves a much better atmosphere.  I also found our waiter to be gratuitously obsequious, which seemed like he was trying to call attention to himself rather than being simply polite and competent.  Others of our party didn't mind this, so maybe it's not really a problem.Will was absolutely great. I went here on my birthday, and I guess my friends got them to put "Happy Birthday Daniel!" on the menu. It's the little things like this that count. I didn't even notice until after I ordered my dinner. Everything on the menu was great. I had the snails and octopus for an appetizer and the chicken for an entrée. Since most of the menu used French terms, I needed a lot of help from the waiter, and he didn't disappoint. Will is also a BYO, so definitely bring some wine if you decide to dine here. The only problem I had was that there was limited space. They take full advantage of the small room, and the staff frequently brushed up against me every time they needed to go to the kitchen. Also, because it's such a small restaurant, when it's full, it tends to get quite loud. On several occasions, I couldn't even hear what my friends were saying. If they had more room, I would easily give this place 5 stars. Definitely check this place out!Went for the champagne tasting menue this evening. Very pleased with the service. The courses were elegant and flavours complimented each other. The only course I disagreed with was the dessert. Too tart and not balanced enough to finish the perfect courses leading up. The cheese course was amazing with a flax seed tuile, and the octopus starter was perfectly glazed and tender. Would definitely come back for more.         5 out of 5 for this small byo.I came here when I was in town, & had an awesome dinner!  Parking was pretty easy as there were meters all around, & we scored one quickly.  The neighborhood is cute, & we saw a few other interesting looking restaurants nearby as well.
We made a reservation for an early-ish dinner on a Friday night, and were seated immediately upon arrival.  Ambience was dressy casual, & intimate.  Our server poured the 2 wines that we brought, and explained the menu.  Shortly after we ordered, chewy bread arrived with a delicious Basil Jam that had almost a honey consistency.  
Then - the food:
Husdon Valley Foie Gras & Rabbit
Peekytoe Crab Stuffed Squash Blossom
Short Rib
Gnocchi
Duck Breast
Though everything was really yummy, the Duck Breast was definitely my fave.  DUCK BREAST!!!
Desserts were very good:
Financier
Chocolate Bouchon
Pot de Creme Banana
Our server was warm and gracious from hello all the way through to when he brought us individually wrapped madelines as a parting goodie.  Yum!!
I'm a huge Tom Collicchio fan - and his Craft restaurant in LA sends diners home with a little wrapped baked goodie too.  So sweet!  
This was a great choice for dinner, and I'd happily come back when I'm back in town!I love this place! The food is outstanding. The service is superb. Yes, the portions are small, as they are supposed to be for a top quality cuisine.  The chef is very creative and attentive to details. I have been to Will about 10 times, and I will keep coming back. Some of the unusual and creative flavors and ingredients I enjoyed at Will include persimmon, fava beans, black garlic, pistachio, cardamon,  and sea urchin.Cold greeting, cold service, weird bread service. One cube, small. Ask for more.
Don't ask details, wait for the rote descriptor of your plate. And many dishes either under seasoned or not good enough to compete with the frou-frou on top.
Thank goodness for the glassware!
Bring good wine, not your best.This is hands down one of the absolute best eating experiences I've ever had.  We ventured into Will (at first) for a Passyunk Restaurant Week reservation only to find that Fridays weren't included.  No worries, you can't pass up one of the best eateries in the city.  Instead of just getting a plate, we went with the five-course tasting menu because once you take a look at all of your options, it's impossible to narrow down your selection.  Here's what I got:
First: Sweet potato and Apple Soup.  The pumpernickel granola was a perfect crunchy addition to a semi-sweet and semi-spicy dish that tantalized my palate for the rest of the four courses.  
Second: Burgundy snails.  Coddled egg, pernod emulsion and wild mushroom daube accompanied some rather plump snails that had an amazing taste.  I'm usually not one to eat snails in such a light sauce - heavy butter and garlic anybody? - but I didn't even notice how much the texture and flavor profile of the snails stuck out.  I was pleasantly surprised with this plate.
Third: Szechuan Spiced Rohan Duck Breast.  Served with beets and endive, this was one of my favorites of the night.  Seared perfectly on the outside and medium rare on the inside, the flavors  of all the different components matched with the duck perfectly.  
Fourth: Lightly Fried Mackrel with a Shellfish Nosh.  Served with soured cauliflower and a beet puree, this was probably my least favorite dish of the night, that being said, I've had other restaurants' best dishes that haven't even come close to this.  Still a great selection for a mild fish with a tasteful side. 
Dessert:  Guinness stout cake served with a light caramel sauce.  This dessert was a perfect ending to the night, it was light, fluffy and flavorful, the unexpected presence of the cinnamon was a great surprise.    
Will was such an amazing experience I may have to go back (usually I have to limit to one trip per restaurant since Philly has such a plethora of amazing places).  It was an intimate experience, the service was amazing and the head chef was even manning the phones during the down times (what a modest guy!).  While the space is extremely small, I never quite felt claustrophobic, although other guests who were on their second bottle of wine were a bit boisterous!  Will is a welcomed presence of Passyunk - a street becoming synonymous with the best food in the city.My husband and I dined here for our first anniversary and it was perfect.  They went so far as to print our menus with a "Happy Anniversary" tagline at the top...I get excited over very small details like that, but it was thoughtful nonetheless.  The restaurant is tiny but lively.  We tried the raw tuna and heirloom tomato salad for starters and both were phenomenal...so fresh and the vinaigrettes for both played up the flavors perfectly.  For our meals I got the Parisian gnocchi and he got the duck.  The gnocchi was pan seared so the outside was crisp but the inside was so fluffy and light.  I don't eat duck but the fact that he ate it in about 5 minutes meant that he loved it.  We also got the banana pudding dessert which was amazing.  Our meals and experience were everything you would want for a special occasion dinner or any occasion really because the place is adorable and I would definitely go back and try everything else, except the duck.This small south Philly BYOB delivers both tasty and interesting plates.  The chef seems to put considerable thought into the combinations of elements in each dish. The result is not only a solid entree but an original eating experience. My chicken dish had chicken two ways, a poached breast which had the warm comfort of chicken soup, and a seared piece of dark meat which packed a flavor punch.  Sunchokes were another aspect of the plate. I have never had a sunchoke before, and enjoyed them, They literally brought something new to the table for me.
The service was friendly, and they apologized for the little extra time between apps. and entree. I was there to enjoy my dinning experience and I always bring more than enough wine so I was happy not to have food rushed out for table turn over. I will Will again. I am looking forward to another creative plate and maybe a chance to try something new.Every month or so a group of my friends try to meet up to have dinner at a restaurant we haven't been to but have been dying to try (we call ourselves the 'Supper Club' but we're not nearly legitimate enough to warrant a name) - this month's pick was Will BYOB. Boy was it a good one! We've been to a lot of new, rave review type places and Will may have been the best meal yet.
I split the Oyster appetizer with a friend and they were DELISH. I love love love oysters and usually am disappointed by them when I'm paying more than a dollar per (why on earth are these things $2.50 or more each at every restaurant everywhere? Too bad I love them so much I can't help ordering them), but these were well worth it. They had a great dollop of sauce - sorry, can't remember what it was but it was light green - that made the oysters flavor stand out in a fantastic way. 
For my main dish, I chose the Duck and was not disappointed. It wasn't fatty or chewy like some duck I've had, and was served with a medley of vegetables that were also super tasty. And the dessert (which I don't always order...not a huge dessert person myself) was also super tasty. I swear, I kept waiting to be let down by something they served, but everything was just so fantastic. 
I can't forget to also mention how great the service was. Our waiter Mario was funny, personable and very educated on the dishes. I love asking what dish a server recommends, and when they respond with a reason and explain the intricacies of the dish I am very impressed. Mario did just that and then some, with great recs and great overal service.
Definitely hoping to get back to Will soon - and if you're considering trying it out...GO NOW!Wanted to love it more.   Nothing wrong (besides the duck) but nothing stuck out either.   Space is intimate.   Service was solid.   Food is presented beautifully.....stunning really.  Just wish the flavors matched.    Best dish of the night was the chestnut soup...very tasty but we had some very very very very chewy duck.  Fish and beef entrees were solid...but unspectacular.
Not sure we will rush back.  Good meal.  Not great.  Nothing to make us hurry back.First, my typical disclaimer before these types of reviews: I did not grow up eating in fancy restaurants.  I do not know classic French preparation techniques, what the requirements are for a Michelin star, and didn't even know what foie gras was this time two years ago.  So, I'm pretty much just like you.
Will is an interesting place.  As I think I've said for other spots on Passyunk it's well suited for the neighborhood.  I'll explain.
Service.  Everywhere on Passyunk seems to have great service, and Will follows suit.  I think I overheard one waitress explaining an affiliation with Stateside, so perhaps it's the same group of completely pleasant, slightly edgy women that rotate around down there.
Food.  High-end yet approachable.  Had the foie gras torchon, read about the preparation pre-meal and was given something a bit unexpected.  Essentially a 3/4 inch thick tube of foie (I understand with additional salts, sugar) offset by delicately prepared flavors of beet, almond, etc.  Twas good, but foie gras is good and can't say this did anything to improve/enhance that experience.  Get the hen of the woods mushroom as my lovely girlfriend did.  Awesome.
Entrees were pork shoulder for me, a beef tenderloin on special for my girlfriend.  Pork should was excellent, truly enjoyed it (the type of dish where you eat slow, savor every bite) but didn't blow me away for some reason looking back a few days afterward.  Worth ordering but not something I'd say is holy crap the absolute best I have ever had anywhere type of thing.  Again, girlfriend made the better decision with the tenderloin.  No knife (or teeth) require to break this one down.  Very, very well prepared.
Oh, dessert.  Pot de Creme.  Almost forgot about it.  Yeah.
I say Will is approachable because of the overall feel, and price.  Total bill was around $100 which is not bad at all for this type of preparation.  Granted it's BYO, and if I paid another $50+ for a bottle of wine in house I may have had a different feeling about my experience here the BYO policy is huge, will allow Will to be more accessible to more people which is great, obviously.  Give it a try.  I don't see anyone walking away disappointed, or truly blown away either for that matter.In reading the other reviews, I'm wondering what restaurant they went to.  I'll start by saying the staff was unobtrusive but attentive.  All were pleasant and there was no sense of being rushed.  Unfortunately, that's about the best I can say for Will BYOB, other than a friend's comment about how clean the restroom was.
The restaurant is very small and crowded when the 8 or so tables are occupied.  It was very loud when full. So loud I could barely hear the person sitting next to me.  I assume it was the same for everyone else as the volume level just continued to escalate as people would talk louder so they could be heard.
One of my dining companions joked after dinner saying be sure to tell people to eat before you come here or make two reservations so you can go and get some food after you eat here.  Right on - it was no joke.   I have never been served such meager portions.  
My friend went for the foie gras appetizer and you could see her disappointment after the first bite.  She said it was bland and was no comparison to what she was used to having in France on a recent vacation.
My other friend and I each ordered the vegetable plate appetizer.  I asked what it included before ordering and it sounded like a varied and interesting selection.  It was varied - unrecognizable as any vegetables we knew or thought would be on the plate.  The various seasonings and puree tasted somewhere between awful and just weird.
I suspect I had the best entree.  It was the scallops.  Some unusual spices but they were perfectly cooked.  Tender and fresh.  Another entree at the table was what was described as a 1 pound lobster (although just the tail).   I know the size of a one pound lobster and unless it was top heavy, a good portion of the tail didn't make it to the plate.    At $39 or so you'd think it might be something other than a small cookie sized piece of lobster on a plate with some greens.  The other entree was the beef short ribs. I was told it was good, but it sounded more like one of those polite "oh it's good" comments.  She left half on her plate and looked none too interested in taking it home.
By this time joking about the unidentifiable food, small portions, and "unusual" spices became our way of making the best out of the situation.  It was time for dessert.  I declined since I'd had enough surprise ingredients for the evening, but the others put their orders in.  One was the pot de creme.  I tasted it and was disappointed but not surprised.  The top layer was something that reminded me of aspic, but one of my friends identified the gel as banana.  It had an undertone of some spice I didn't recognize and didn't like.   The second dessert was goat cheese cheesecake (? - if not cheesecake it was goat cheese something).  It looked like the foie gras (seriously, they could have been twins) and had various accompaniments that had us all guessing as to what they were.
It is the wait staff that saved the rating from being a 1 star.  (sorry guys, if I was just rating you it'd be a 4 star!)
Philadelphia has a tremendous amount of varied and excellent restaurants.  Spend your money wisely and try them.Great find!
A modern take on french flavors. Every dish was flavorful and complex and the presentation was very appeasing.  The menu changes seasonally and its a byob!! 
All senses were satisfied here, I especially liked the atmosphere, which was very relaxed. Music was low enough and relaxing but enhanced the dinning experience. Friendly and knowledgeable staff without being overly catering. 
Hitting all the notes isn't always easy but this place didn't miss a beat. We'll definitely be back.Fantastic food and great service! The restaurant is pretty tiny and the acoustics aren't great, but the decor is cozy and inviting. And the food is just beautiful. Between the two of us, we split 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts (around $140). We didn't leave undo-the-belt-buckle stuffed, but we left very satisfied and excited to see what they will do to their menu for the fall.
Favorites: 
Chilled corn soup- bursting with flavors of summer and the crispy quinoa took it to a whole new level...not to mention the tender lobster nugget. 
Roasted Maitake/ Hen of the Woods- there's a reason this thing has been on their menu for so long.
Beef with Escargot- beef was perfectly cooked, although greedy us wished the portion could have been a little bigger. The little lobster mushroom bites were much appreciated.
Chocolate Bouchon- After my first bite, I stopped talking to my boyfriend and became totally absorbed in this totally awesome dessert. One of my favorite chocolate desserts in the city.
Banana Pot de Creme- they got the texture of this spot on. I'm thinking I'll have to learn how to make this to get my boyfriend to eat more bananas...
The octopus and dorade were nice tasting dishes, but just didn't stand out like the rest. And I love octopus so I had pretty high expectations. The portion was just a little small and a little too sweet. The dorade was cooked nicely, but the sauce could have used a little zing from some acid. I also had some really salty bites of radish and pepper.
Overall, a delicious and fun experience!So delicious!  Four of us enjoyed: hen of the woods mushrooms, beet-cured salmon, and Barnegat Light scallops as starters, followed by: skate, striped bass, and braised short ribs.  Yes, we managed dessert: warm chocolate cake with creme fraiche ice cream, goat cheese cheese cake with ginger sorbet, and banana salt caramel pots de creme. Service was attentive and friendly.   The only negative is the noise level.  There is nothing to absorb sound, making it difficult to hear each other at the table.  Once this is remedied, it will be even more enjoyable.
Thank you, Chef Kearse and staff for a wonderful meal.  We will be back!We had a group dinner last evening- very poor service with attitude- a beef dish that was so tough you could not eat it - high prices - attitude- no atmosphere- there are better places nearby.Yes! Very much, yes!
If asked if I would dine here, that would be my answer! Our group of 8 came here over the weekend for a friend's birthday (very nice touch in adding her name to the menu!). The place is extremely cozy, but where Will lacks in space, it makes up for it with large, bold flavors in the menu. 
We were given the $65 four-course prixe menu. I started off with the sweet pea gazpacho, the red wine poached jidori egg, milk-fed poulard, and ended with the banana pot de creme. The gazpacho was an excellent first course. The soup poured bright green, and it was so refreshing! Whatever added crunchy texture to the dish was a nice surprise. The poached egg was interesting. Creamy and buttery, and great mushroom flavor. The poulard cooked four ways was great, but not my favorite. Breast, thigh, crispy chicken skin, and chicken sausage. For being the main entree, I wanted a bigger portions and more flavor. The chicken was moist, though! The desserts were my absolute favorite!The banana pot de creme! Oh, I could eat that for days! I also tasted the rich chocolate cake other diners had, and it was fantastically dressed in coconut and a mango creme. 
Service was attentive, friendly, and quick to pour more wine for the group. (That is always necessary). It was a great meal, and judging by the near empty plates, all seem to have enjoyed each bite.
Great way to spend someone's birthday!Everything was delish
Smoked mushroom app awesome needed just a bit more ricotta
Kimachi app wonderful
Short rib great
Entire restaurant staff was attentive and nice
Dessert had the cheese loved itSuper promising start - I can't wait to see what they put out as they finish working through some of the initial service kinks.
The food is amazing. AMAZING. The scallop app is to die for - I could literally eat a whole jar of the uni creme. The pork belly is also delicious. In terms of entrees, the braised short rib was my favorite, followed by the cod. My friend had the skate, which she said was a tad salty. The chocolate bouchon was super rich and decadent - you cannot go wrong with malt ice cream.
The only slight dings are that we had an 8:45 reservation and didn't get seated until almost 9:15. However, they were super nice and apologetic, and provided us with sweet potato soup when we sat down. Also, there was a bit of a wait between the apps and entrees. Neither dings were that big of an issue, and the waitstaff is great. Highly recommend checking this spot out - what a great new addition to the restaurant scene!Had a wonderful meal with my wife last night at Will BYOB. 
I gave myself plenty of time to get down there and find parking, but to my surprise, i was able to find a spot right across the street from the restaurant! (just my luck). Its 3h metered, so make sure to bring change.
We walked in a half hour early for our reservation, but were promptly seated at a table with no issues.
Bottles of wined opened, we perused the menu. We were offered a 5-course Chef's Tasting menu, that we certainly couldn't turn down.
Food:
Amuse Bouche - Mackerel Crudo
1st Course - Sweet Potato & Apple Soup -- amazing! and so different. The granola added a very unique element to the soup. Very hearty and perfect for a cold winter night like last night.
2nd Course - Hudson Valley Foie Gras & Rabbit Terrine -- wow! i mean, who doesn't love a good terrine, but this was crazy good. Pecan's really paired well with it.
3rd Course - Atlantic Monkfish -- Cooked to perfect. A very strong fish dish.
4th Course - Pastrami Spiced Rohan Duck Breast - delish-- they had run out the mushrooms, but called an audible with some lentils and still tasted phenomenal.
5th Course - Dessert! Cheese Course & a delicious chocolate cake
My biggest complaint about the evening was the pace of the meal. We felt a bit rushed throughout the whole thing. It felt as if everyone was watching us eat our course so that they could quickly take our plate away and throw another plate of food in front of us.
When you're providing a tasting menu, pace is so important, to let the diner enjoy each course to its fullest extent, without having to scarf the whole thing down.
I also found it a bit strange that they served the Amuse Bouche (a cold Crudo) with the Soup (obviously hot) at the same exact time. Both were amazing, but we weren't really looking to each those two things at the same time.
Aside from that, the service was very good and attentive. They made sure our water and wine glasses were always filled, something that I find isn't the case at most other BYOB's. 
Price-wise, I found it to be just a bit steep, but for the quality and workmanship that went into each plate, I was happy to pay.
Our first-time dining in E. Passyunk, but we will certainly be back to Will.Some of the most refined food in Philly. Love the BYOB option, of course. Chef takes chances. Sometimes, the chance misses a bit. However, without chances, he may not be able to innovate like he does. And when Chef hits, he creates beautiful plates with flavor combos I've never tasted before.  And again, the plating is a work of art.What a wonderful little restaurant! I went here for Valentines day. Be aware that you must make reservations to eat here, it's high suggested because its very small. 
We had the 8pm reservation by luck because we put our names down in case anyone would cancel. Sure enough someone did!
My date and I arrived about 5 minutes late because parking was not the easiest and it was cold and snowy. The hostess was very nice and professional about our lateness. On Vday they do a pre fixed menu of four courses...Soup, a choice of waygu tartar or lobster ravioli. Then a choice of mahi mahi or duck. Then a choice of coffee cake or Guinness cake with bacon ice cream. My date and I ordered the opposite of each others so we could try everything. The soup was a celery root base cream soup with pear foam, sunflower seeds..it was incredible. The next the tartar was topped with a quail egg and scallions..and homemade chips to go along with it. The ravioli was two large pieces stuffed with lobster and topped with mushrooms. Slightly to salty for my pallet, but i enjoyed it never the less. After they served two types of sorbets to cleanse our pallets. The fish was topped with sweet mussels. The mussels were bland and the fish was again too salty but it was cooked to perfection. Still can't complain! The duck was fatty and crispy almost like peking duck that has not been cooked all the time through. The desserts were not your typical ideas of cakes. The coffee cake was dry but the crumble sat on top of the cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The Guiness cake which i liked more then mine, was sweeter.  I could of lived without the desserts though.
At the end the waitress gave us both a baggie with two Madeline cookies. I sat there trying to finish my wine...Try Teliani Valley Kindzmarauli 2012 from the Country of Georgia, I bought mine at whole foods for 15, it's a sweet red. super tasty and easy to drink...but the hostess kindly told us we had a party waiting for our table, we asked for a picture and she took one in a rush and we got up and left. Aside from the busy vday craze...It was a great place..I will definitely be coming back!
:)Our reservation was late because the previous patrons were slow to leave, I know why.  
I had the duck, which was some of the best prepared fowl I've had.  The service was exceptional and the prices reasonable for the quality of food they presented you.  
We are just visiting Philly, but this restaurant will be on the list again.We enjoyed our 5 course tasting menu from start to finish.. each course had great texture , flavor, and creativity. The Olive Oil Cake was excellent and lamb perfectly cooked with bright English peas.I enjoyed my dinner here. Cute little place. Our waiter was perfect. The food was great! over all a great restaurant but its not outstanding. 
The presentation of the food is very good. I had the chicken 4 ways i really enjoyed my dish and would give it 5 stars. However sampling some of my friends dishes they weren't as great.This is part 1 of a 2-part review of opening night, 24 August 2012, at the highly anticipated Will BYOB.  Part 2 is appended below (click link).
The consensus is that Christopher Kearse is a chef of enormous potential.  He's worked at many of the finest restaurants in the world (The French Laundry, Charlie Trotter's, Tru, Alinea), and some of Philly's best (Lacroix, Blackfish, Pumpkin, the latter most recently).
He also has a very inspirational story about how discovering cooking helped him overcome a tragic event in his life (must read):
http://www.citypaper.net/food/chef-chris-kearse-philadelphia.html
And now he faces a new challenge, opening his very first restaurant, appropriately named "Will" (also his middle name).
Thanks to a fortuitous exchange on Twitter, we were able to book a table for 4 (D, A, C, me) a few weeks before bookings opened to the public, and last night was finally the night to see what Chef Chris had been working on.  On schedule I might add (a rarity for a restaurant opening!).
I rarely go to restaurant openings, the last was Le Bec Fin 2.0, preferring to let things settle down, but you almost wouldn't know that this was opening night by how smoothly things went.  By our 7PM reservation, the restaurant was largely full, and within an hour it was packed, including the few small tables on the sidewalk out front.
[Now, I won't say there were not a few small hiccups in service and food, but given the nature of an opening night, and a sold out one at that, I prefer to ignore these for the moment.  It is also an energetic and tiny space (about the size of Bibou, but it feels even smaller), and I worry about what the noise level will be on a busy winter night when the windows can't be opened.]
Will is a perfect example of what Philly does better than any other city in the world: a small, casual, "it's all about the food" BYOB.  Just down the block from Le Virtu (of the patio with a big mural fame), Will has 30 seats inside, and large windows swinging open onto East Passyunk Ave (EPX), which has become the hottest restaurant row in the city.  Charmingly appointed with flowers and a few tables out front, and clean, simple minimalism inside (see photos), as I said, the focus is on the food the way I like it to be.
From the short menu (5 apps, 5 entrées, 4 desserts, a tasting menu to start soon on Tuesdays and Prix Fix on Sundays), the 4 of us decided to share all 5 of the appetizers, and then individually order entrees and desserts (see photos).  This was the perfect amount of food.
Appetizers ($11-14, and big enough to be easily shared by 4 if you order several):
1) Pork belly, Purple Mustard, Turnip, Petit Leeks, Baby Lettuces - pork belly is always a great start to the meal, and this was a fine example, although it paled next to the following dish.
2) Sweet Corn Veloute, King Crab, Vadouvan, Shisito Pepper - everyone's favorite dish of the night, this was rich, velvety, and intensely flavorful ("I could eat this every day for every meal" was a comment heard from E & S at the next table, with whom we shared wines)
[Amusingly, E & S had each independently made reservations for opening night...fortunately it turned out they both intended to invite each other!  :-D ]
3) Summer Market Vegetables (Pickled, Raw, Cooked), Champagne Vinaigrette - beautiful to look at, the carrot puree was pure goodness, with a pumpernickel dirt to provide an interesting contrast
4) Barnegate Light Scallop, Wild Fennel, Almond, Heart of Palm, Uni Crème - perfectly cooked scallops, with the sum being even greater, lovely dish
5) Rabbit Rillette, Red Plum, Pistachio, Black Pepper Gastrique, Clover - Chef Chris is known for his plating technique, and that was certainly on display.  This was probably our second favorite app.
Entrées ($22-27):
6) Milk Fed Poulard, Greenmarket Bean Cassoulet, Goat Milk Gnudi, Cipollini Onion - This was my entrée. Julia Child and I agree a good chicken is something special, and this was a good chicken!  Perfectly cooked, with wonderful Gnudi.  One little quibble was the Cipollinis, seared on one side but otherwise almost raw (apparently intentionally, since E had the same), as wine-destroying as a mouthful of wasabi would have been.
7) Wagyu Sirloin, Potato Fondant, Ruby Carrots, Foie Gras, Red Wine Béarnaise - I didn't try this, but based on comments from the two who did, this may have been the entree of the evening.
8) Rhode Island Skate, Artichoke, Garlic Scapes, Manila Clam -flavorful with a nice sear on the outside, although I would prefer it to be less well done, a la Le Bernardin, but that is just a personal preference.  This was a very good dish, although the artichokes had some tough leaves remaining on the outside.
Click link below for Part 2 of my review (desserts, wines, service)...I stumbled upon Will BYOB from the fact that I've passed through this little dainty restaurant at East Passyunk and decided to go on a Sunday evening with my gf. 
Will has fixed tasting menu every Sundays and ala carte on the rest of the days. 
Overall, we had really fantastic experience dining at Will. The nuances were romantic and fitting dim lighting, service was attentive but not overbearing. Good space between the tables. 
Okay, here is the most important part : foods were awesome. We had the entire tasting menu with additional rabbit terrine+ foei gras with pistachio tuile/blood orange. It was worth the money. 
Appetizer : 
Sweet Potato+ Apple Potage - Banyuls | Pecans & Pumpernickel | Asian Pears --amazing!! I should say this was my favorite part.
White Miso Cavatelli - Black Olive| Mussels | Piperade - really enjoyed the piperade with enough hints of the mussels.
Duck Confit Royale - Lentils Du Puy | Potato Mousseline | Alliums -- A little too heavy but great taste.
Entree :
Rhode Island Skate Wing with Fennel Moutarde | Yuzu | Chickpea Panisse --beautifully well balanced entree, pretty dish too! 
72 Hour Beef Rib Steak with Parsnip Creme | Glazed Salsify | Pumpkin -- very soft and tender, nicely cooked to rare medium - servers didn't ask our preferences but it worked just fine for us.
Dessert :
Almond Financier with Pineapple | Black Sesame Buttercream | Roasted Banana -- Not too sweet! which suits me, love the dessert especially the black sesame buttercream.
Bergamot Creme Brulee with Szechuan Biscuit -- the creme brulee has very lemony taste. I didn't care that much for the szechuan biscuit. 
Overall , I feel as if the tasting menu were built based on Light vs. Heavy!
I'd definitely come back to Will BYOB without any doubt.The food and service was 5 star but the portions overall very small. We had the prix fix Sunday meal consisting of a delicious sweet potato soup. This was followed by 4 to 5 toasted gnocchi. Very good but yes, 4-5 of them which were gone in 2 bites. The next course was pork belly that was very good and pretty meaty but lacking in enough of a sauce. It was an appetizer portion. The dessert was a variation of chocolate pudding with caramel dipped popcorn and a dollop of banana ice cream.It also very nice and  decent portion. We also had a foie gras torchon supplement for $15, a very fair price and good amount and presentation. My criticism is that it was very light colored and buttery and really delicious, but I felt was lacking in enough of the liver flavor. They charged us $100 more than they should have when we got the check. Thank goodness, I examined it before paying.It seems playing gift card roulette can be rather difficult these days. So with Game of Thrones less than 4 hours from start time, we ventured over The Wall (or Washington really) down Passyunk Ave towards Will BYOB.  And before I begin, let me first apologize to the gentleman exiting the establishment while we were walking in.  It just so happens that not everybody sporting a tie on Sunday smiling is in the restaurant business, so again, my sincerest apology for that. 
Bring on the...Tasting Menu?  Ok, sure why not.  Apparently, whatever's easier for the chef these days.  After some eye straining and flipping over my menu a few times like I normally do, I made my selections.  Now the service was impeccable and that's about the only area that truly shines here.  The waitstaff was pleasant, competent and not even the fact that I think my protein was Raven will take away from their abilities (note to all Phila  wait staff poachers).  So if you're ever in the mood to enjoy Tap or Pellegrino continuously without ordering fare, I highly recommend Will Bring your Own Dinner.   And for those in Philadephia celebrating the minimal treasures of a radish slice placed ever so slightly against 2 slices of asparagus drowning in a small puddle of ....something..  You will feel right at home.  And lastly before I go on a tangent, If you are leaving the gym on a quest to feast on small parts of a whole entire meal, this place might be for you.  And again I get it.  May not be my cup of drizzle but I get it.
Now, after a hardy asparagus or two and having already memorized the entire menu which I originally thought was left behind at the printer...what was that?  Honey? did my ears deceive me?  Did I hear a waiter beside me just serve his table Lapin with Fois Gras?  I can barely pronounce it but I've had it and know it's good and between that and a radish shedding, I'll take the rabbit.
Then it hit me.  So wait, I'm maneuvering a cold half dollar sized portion of bœuf like a Wildling north of The Wall and another table is enjoying the spoils of Casterly Rock?  I'd rather be thrown out a castle tower head first.
Keeping my calm and my proverbial sword in it's sheath, I summoned this waiter to my table for a moment of clarity.  Good sir, Is it possible that there were other choices besides my wife's plate of tuna that would make the cat in those fancy feast commercials walk away in a cloud of indifference? 
Now I know there are many chefs who enjoy cooking for their friends and their families and like to put on a "little portion" show but here's a little piece of advice.  Make sure your second restaurant isn't the size of a shoe box where other tables can't hear what they're missing.  We promptly left before dessert, dodged the offer of another gift card/bullet and without making a scene.  Nice gesture, but I wouldn't wish this place on a Lannister.
Staff was great though.  Wave through the window.Will for starters is a Center City type restaurant in a low socioeconomic South Philly.  The food was different and unique.  Presentation was beautiful.  It did not wow me as I had hoped it would.  The price is medium to high for the blah decor plain jane place.  The restaurant seats about 26 tightly.  Plan on hearing your neighbors conversations.  Oh also plan on leaving hungry plates are small.   Food good not great !This is part 2 of a 2-part review of opening night, 24 August 2012 (desserts, wines, service).  For part 1, see above.
Dessert ($8-9):
9) Caramelized White Chocolate Cheesecake, Goat Cheese, Chamomile, White Peach - featuring the last of the season's peaches, this was a delicious, complex cheesecake.  So many small BYOBs, without dedicated pastry chefs, fall down when it comes desserts, and although I didn't try the other desserts, this was a good sign that this may not be a problem at Will.
Wines (BYOB, no corkage, good stems):
~ 1994 Mount Eden Vineyards Chardonnay Estate Bottled Santa Cruz Mountains - One of America's great wines, unlike most Cali Chards this can age for a decade or longer, but in my experience 20 year-old bottles can be either crap or brilliant.  This was the former, drinkable as a science experiment, but oxidation starting to take over.
~2007 Mount Eden Vineyards Chardonnay Estate Bottled Santa Cruz Mountains - My first bottle, this should have been brilliant (Parker gave it 96), but there was something off about this.  Perfectly drinkable, but just not exciting, and unusually pale for a Mount Eden Estate.
~1994 Domaine Serene Pinot Noir Reserve Willamette Valley - Nice, but those Cippolini onions destroyed my pour of this wine.  Odd, this vintage isn't in CellarTracker.
~2004 Thomas Pinot Noir Dundee Hills - Was WOTN, until the shocking Ordonez below.  A lovely wine.
~2003 Cameron Pinot Noir Clos Electrique - Strangely, this vintage isn't in CT.  Nice, but very different from the Thomas, very big.
~2005 Saxum Cuvée Rocket Block James Berry Vineyard - Shared with us by E & S at the next table, E was celebrating making the Saxum mailing list.  A striking, fascinating Grenache blend, although a bit over the top for my palate.  16.4% abv!!!
~1999 Château Rieussec Sauternes (750 mL) - Always a pleasure, I was thinking this would make up for my two crappy Mount Edens, but NOOOOO, that dang Ordonez blew it out of the water.
~ 2005 Jorge Ordoñez & Co. Málaga Old Vines Nº 3 - From a 375 mL, kindly shared by E& S, a shockingly exciting dessert wine, we went home and ordered a case from PLCB to share (on sale!).
Service at Will is good, personable, with accurate descriptions of the food, although there was a long wait before the apps were served, and we had to ask to get our water carafe (an old wine bottle) refilled.  Chef Chris did make a short appearance in the dining room after 9PM, but didn't make it to our table, perfectly understandable on an opening night where the kitchen is going full steam.  $65/person, counting a 25% tip (given the size and quality of dishes, this is a bargain!).
We will definitely be back!  Congratulations to Chris Kearse and his team on a very successful opening night.  We look forward to many great things ahead for you!
Sláinte!My second visit to Will was a bit disappointing to be honest. I was there last month for one of the Tuesday tasting menus, which was oyster in this case:
Oysters and Pearls: Accurately described by the waitress as a "shameless" adaptation of Thomas Keller's dish. I haven't had Keller's version but I'm willing to bet it's considerably better than Kearse's, which didn't really have great flavor and there was a lot of grit in my oyster. It was a rather depressing mushy porridge and the caviar didn't add anything.
Interesting to note that the chef offered "coffee and donuts," undoubtedly another copy of a Keller dish, on another tasting menu I saw on the website. I don't want to be an asshole but this guy needs to stop being so blatantly obvious about copying Keller's dishes (and I suspect those of other chefs). Amateurs imitate, professionals steal, it's true. But I'm worried these are liable to be imitations in most cases.
The second course was oysters three ways, and this was a really excellent dish. If the whole meal were up to the level of this offering then we'd be in business here. Oysters were presented in their shells as pickled, poached (in butter) and compressed (marinated in a vacuum). Each had excellent flavor and provided a compliment to the other. This was basically a copy (as far as I could tell) of a three-way shellfish dish I had at Alinea this summer. But as long as the copy is successful you won't hear me complaining.
Next there was an oyster "salad." The "salad" was written with "quotes" on the "menu," which Thomas Keller does "all the time" on his menus. "Just saying..." I also found this salad very disappointing. Basically just raw oysters with a bunch of raw vegetables that lacked flavor, especially those horrible raw radishes which chefs seem to love for the way they look but they taste like cardboard in my opinion. The artful brush of black trumpet mushroom puree (which was to function as the dressing I assume) was good but there wasn't enough of it to make the salad palatable. I believe it was in this dish that my sister also experienced oyster grit.
Fourth was braised rabbit and oyster, well-described by a friend at the table as "good but not outstanding." But I enjoyed it, more or less. A clever take on pork and clams is how I was seeing it. The starch component was a sort of "stuffing" (the use of quotes is my own this time) and this was quite good.
Personally I didn't care for the carrot cake dessert although the others seemed to like it. The cake was good but not great, and I really didn't like the whipped mascarpone, which didn't seem to have any sugar added to it, and it needed it. It also seemed to be whipped using some kind of special tecnique, which I'm sure is interesting, but it made it too foamy, like shaving cream. If you want to elevate the frosting of carrot cake go ahead, but I'm expecting it to be even better than the rich buttercreamy goodness that I enjoy from a normally-excellent carrot cake from a coffee shop.
The service was excellent and the waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable. The plating is visually outstanding, but is the chef trying to bite off more than he can chew?
I'll give Will another chance. I'm not saying this guy isn't a good chef in general. But consider this rating a warning; next time I'll expect much better execution in order for me not to abandon the idea of dining here completely with all the other places in town I've yet to try.