I really wanted to like this place and heard about it during lent when I had given up meat. I found myself in the area again and decided to give it a try. I usually don't write reviews until I've been to a place a few times but I think my experience was a complete one. I ordered the special and sampled each type of chicken, the modern BBQ sauce, mac&cheese (which the woman behind the counter was very proud of), 
a bananas foster pie, and the new hope birch beer. After finishing everything, I just wanted my $16.20 back. Individual reviews: 
The chicken: It was very average and that is being generous. It wasn't incredibly flavorful but it wasn't dry so it could have been worse. 
The sauce: It had the tang of a traditional North Carolina BBQ sauce, mustard and vinegar based. I can't eat mayo so I was limited with sauce choices but the mayo sauces were recommended. 
The mac&cheese: Salty and mediocre. It combines all of the things I like but makes a mess doing it. The pasta was well cooked but the cheese and bacon combo made it taste like I just licked salt off of my hand without the nice shot of tequila after. 
The bananas foster pie: The crust of the pie needs no improvement but the filling could use an overhaul. I use the term filling loosely because after biting into the flakey crust, I struggled to find the bananas. There was a thin layer of smashed bananas and cinnamon sugar at the bottom and 75% of the interior was empty space. 
The new hope soda: The birch beer (the actual name of the soda escapes me at the moment but it is birch beer) was the highlight of my meal. Everything you would expect from a Pennsylvania birch beer and very refreshing, which surprised me because I normally don't like fountain sodas and prefer root beer.
I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 because nothing was horrible.  I think the concept works, the decor is nice, and the menu is good but they need to work on the quality of their food because it currently doesn't match the cost.The interior design is impeccable, the staff is friendly and the food is spot on. 
If you want to try something special, more than just your average wings, try the sauce and toss special. You won't be disappointed. 
I'll be living nearby and will probably come back to try the other areas of the menu. Well done!Ordered the Veg sandwich from here and pasta salad, and they were decent.  The veg sandwich had a lot of good flavor, but after eating half of it it started to feel a little too vinegar-y.  It would've been better had there been more vegetables (it's just a thin layer of grilled zucchini) and if it were warm.  But they're very generous with the goat cheese! The pasta salad is decent, but not worth $2.75 for such a small portion.I really really wanted to like this place but didn't. The chicken wasn't great and not such a wide menu to select from. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the place is cool but the food was bad.Okay food. The biscuits are good. Be warned! They will try and trick you into ordering extra sauces and spreads. It's almost $1 just for a little bit of citrus butter which is too expensive for the quality.Oh my goodness their Mac and cheese is to die for. Tried it for the first time today since they "popped up" at our office building. I expected plain Mac and cheese but it was soo much better then Mac and cheese. I also got their chicken tenders and the biscuit. Equally good!You get what you see--chicken fingers. They also serve wings and other overpriced items like mac and cheese (mediocre) and pastries (meh). 
The sauces are unique and probably the best part about this place as you won't be able to find sauces like this elsewhere. Be watchful of how full the sauce is because some of the containers are not completely full and you get jipped. Sadly you can't sample the sauces without having to buy them. My favorite is bar b q sauce. It has a slight acidic vinegar kick, but isn't bittersweet. Maybe they cut back on the sugar? The chipotle lime mayo is great. It isn't too creamy and oily. The chipotle is subtle, almost dull and a little bit more would make it better and bold. I found myself having to double dunk the chicken in this sauce to really taste it. You always finish it wishing you had a little more. I've tried almost all of them and none of them are too memorable that I can recall anything great or bad about the rest of the sauces.
The breading is thin and crisp, which I appreciate. With one bite you taste the breading and chicken, and not just breading on heavily breaded chicken that other places might serve. The breading can be over salty and seasoned too much. Don't mistake this for rich and intense. It is salty. I end up drinking a lot of water with this meal partially due to this. What makes the breading suck is that it is not always fresh. Who knows how long the chicken has been sitting out.
The meat can be hit or miss; the chicken can be a little parched. This is disappointing when you have a whole pound of chicken to consume that will leave your mouth dry and leave you bloated after you drink a lot to quench your thirst and high sodium intake. More often then not, I always get the dried, salty chicken instead of the juicy, tender chicken that I once got at my very first visit. Perhaps I am unlucky and get the left over stale pieces that have been sitting out long. I can only recall once when my chicken was tender and juicy when they first opened.I try to avoid wasting money here because I have not had the same type of meal since my first. However, out of desperation to try something different than the usual univ city food, I have eaten here a few times to make this review justified.
What my friends and I would like to do is split up and someone get french fries from Greek Lady and the others get chicken from Wishbone. We would satisfy our elementary palates by eating chicken fingers and french fries. If you are willing to walk a few more blocks, Allegros has really good curly fries but portions are a lot bigger when you eat at the place.
I would have given this place 1.5 stars for the food, but they once cancelled a chicken wing eating contest on my friends and me just hours prior to the event with poor explanation so I knock it down to 0.5 stars, but yelp doesn't have 0.5 increments.Tried wishbone after a coworker mentioned they were at a networking event, I assume not catering as this food is underwhelming overcooked and too expensive.  The 1/2 lb chicken platter got me 1 chicken tender and two wings (drum).  The chicken wasn't seasoned, had entirely too much coating, was bland, overcooked, dry and cold so I guess on Saturday night they arent frying up fresh chicken.
I purchased an extra sauce and got Mac and cheese as the side.  The honey mustard sauce was the best ever (the reason for the two stars) the sweet chili sauce wasn't sweet??? And the Mac and cheese is more of a lasagna coated version of Mac and cheese.
Needless to say I'm disappointed for wasting $16.95 and never returning to this place.  I need my money back.Comfort food is the best way to describe this place. The chicken tenders with the pretzel crust is unique and delicious. You have to try their spin on mac n cheese and biscuits. Both are really good while giving you a twist on a dish we all grew up with. They make their own dipping sauces for the chicken fingers but if you have time try one of their sandwiches. It's easy to miss this place but you should go out of your way not too.I had a chance last evening to visit this place. I ordered a banana pie and a butter milk cheese biscuit with a lo colombe regular coffee. The food was ok , not very great, i found natural sweetnees or no sweetness in the bakery items i ordered which depends on a person's choice. The prices are high i supposed, the staff was very good. If you want to experience it for once or have enough money to spend, definitely go but it's not a place for daily evening visita especially when you are a student. Happy eating ....
-diwaI was initially skeptical when this restaurant came in--it replaced a sandwich place that was not stellar but was dependable and it seemed like they were going for some sort of hipster soul food concept which I found suspect. However I would say Wishbone was an improvement. The chicken is really good in all of its forms--chicken and waffle, chicken sandwiches, and just plain chicken. The pies are really good too and I'm a big fan of the mac and cheese. And they have exceptionally fast delivery--averages about 20 min or less rather than the hour or more that seems standard for University City. They dont package everything in neat boxes but just sort of wrap it and put it in a plastic bag so if presentation is important to you, just know that. The portion sizes are probably on the small side but I personally found everything very filling.This place is pretty expensive. I come here every now and then to get a half pound of the mac n' cheese (which has a really nice chipotle flavor) and a half a pound of fried chicken. The fried chicken is staged directly under heating lamps. I don't like the batter, it's not that flavorful or crunchy. Selling craft fried chicken is a great concept, but I tend to like Popeyes or KFC better (I know, it's terrible) but it's a lot cheaper and more satisfying. They also sell sauces (you have to pay for them). I really like the buffalo bleu.Just ok. I had wings, potato salad, and a chocolate pretzel hand pie. My fav item was the potato salad. 
I think I would only eat here again if I was looking for late night eats after partying.Delicious, juicy, fried chicken. Thick crust. Biscuits are pretty good but can be dry. They go well with the chicken. 
Be warned the sauces aren't free. Sometimes the staff will talk like things are included in your purchase like "which sauce?" Instead of "would you like sauce" or "would you like to try our apple cider?" As if it's a sample.Likes: 
- Not your average chicken tenders, they are big! 3 chicken tenders is about 1lb. Crust is crunch, chicken is soft and not dry
- Choice of dark meat and white meat 
- The highly reviewed Mac and Cheese did not disappointment, its a little be spicy with a chipotle/salsa flavor and pretzle crumb toppings 
- Various sauce available, Tamarind chilli was good!  
- If you're not into chicken tenders, they have sandwichs too! 
- Outdoor seating 
Dislikes: 
- A litter overpriced. For two people, I spend $21, ordered 1lb of chicken = $8.95 = 4-6 chicken tenders, 1lb of mac and cheese 
- most of the food.. ex. chicken, biscuit, mac and cheese serve from hot plate, which would explain why the breading is tough 
- Sauce is 50cent extra. My friend and I's sauces are only filled half way. 
- no tap water 
The food is good, but no something I would crave for. Most likely will not come back again because of price and there are numerous other food options in the area.Ive eaten here many times and really enjoyed the food but they ust have changed hands or something  because the salads were soggy - took it back and the second one was absolutely no different...the chicken is really not the original chickenďl!...disappointedIf I could give Wishbone ten stars, I would. From the staff to how they interact with customers via social media or in person, to the food; there's a huge reason why I'm there every weekend (because I don't have a social life, but that's a different story for next time).
Service:
I love when I walk in, I'm always greeted with smiling faces. I worked in the food industry since I was 18 to my early twenties, I know a fake, pasted on smile when I see it because their GM's demanded the "best of the best". No. I hate that. It's forced and honestly, it's exhausting having someone check up on you. All. The. Time. 
Yes, my mouth is full, so obviously I'm enjoying the food -- why are you asking me?! So, thank you Wishbone for letting me get my order, go upstairs and be a hermit. 
The staff is young so there's an uplifting energy since it's also on UPenn's campus. 
Atmosphere/Decor:
If I can get the name of their interior decorator, I would give them my first born, no lie. It's GORGEOUS. It's like I walked into an Anthropologie that sells fried chicken! The bathroom is unisex so those who are complaining are such diva's. 
Food: 
My boyfriend always make sure we're there on the weekends and would drag me out of bed just to get more fried chicken, just to eat them in bed happily. He also whines that they don't have his rice krispies treats anymore (whyudodis Wishbone?) -- so he's more in love with the store than he is with me.
The fried chicken is amazing, as well as the mac and cheese. I've never had a cold meal before, everything is always hot and delicious.
..And somehow I end up with two huge chocolate chip cookies in my bag. Not complaining!
Love ya, Wishbone.This is probably the nastiest food I have had in a long time !  ( my opinion ) . The mac and cheese had a weird sage like flavor with  meat ( perhaps sausage or chicken) and onions . That might sound good but it wasn't good at all. Also ordered coleslaw (it was the lesser of the evils) and pasta salad with pesto ( it had a weird flavor ) . But The worst of all was the overly greasy undercooked chicken wings . The chicken literally reminded me of undercooked "shake and bake". The wings were pink inside and inedible  . They charged a la cart for the sides and sauces . Those little cups were 3 bucks and the sauces were nasty too ! I called the Resturant to complain and I was given a managers number more hassle . 
Listen - don't waste your money . This didn't taste like it could be redeemed. Waste of money !I ordered delivery which came in a timely manner. I recommend their chicken sandwiches, they  use flavorful toppings and the chicken is juicy. I also got the chicken wings and mac&cheese which were also good! My only criticism is the pricing and the mac&cheese pasta was super soft.I am now wondering how often businesses read these reviews because shortly after writing this review the packaging has been improves to small little take out boxes. What the hell, there really aren't any issues with this restaurant--five stars!
edit: I wrote a very thorough positive 4 star review but now that I updated it to do the 5 star review it's disappeared? Youll have to trust i said good things. Yelp fix this quirk.A bit pricey, but a great option if you're craving a some nice greasy chicken, with a lighter, inventive twist. One of my favorite places on Penn's campus.
FOOD: I happen to be a boneless, white meat chicken fan, which is what Wishbone does best. Their dark meat and wings are not as stellar, but still serviceable. Where Wishbone really shines is in their sandwiches, sides and desserts. The southern chicken sandwich with house made pickles and tomato jam is really tasty. Their potato and kale salad is also quite nice with a strong dill flavor. For dessert, their peanut butter pie and smores cookies are delicious. They also have a wide array of sauces.
ATMOSPHERE: Usually I wouldn't touch on this for a casual place like Wishbone, but they did a nice job transforming this previously dated hoagie shop to an inviting, hip space. 
SERVICE: A lot of student workers, generally friendly and quick. Never had a problem with delivery either.
This place has been steadily improving since it opened. It still has a few kinks to work out but its definitely worth a try, and a retry if you haven't been in a while.Just opened this week and there are definitely some promising signs. They were only open for 2 hours yesterday because that's all it took to sell out of their chicken. 
Tonight, a small line was already forming before the 5 pm opening time. 
Simple concept - choose your chicken (classic or special) & choose between white tenders or boneless thighs. Cost is $8.95/lb so pick and choose what you want and move on to the sauces. 6 sauces to choose from (chipotle lime mayo, Thai red curry peanut, green goddess ranch, pommery honey mustard, modern BBQ, and pimenton aioli). Choose your drink and dessert if you want and you're on your way upstairs to the dining area or out the door to shovel it in in the privacy of your own place. 
We went with 3 pieces of each of the chicken (classic tenders, classic boneless thighs, special tenders and special boneless thighs). Total was a little more than a pound and was just over $11. The batter was pretty light for the classic and a little bit more thick and interesting for the special. Not overbearing and definitely able to be enjoyed in its own. Both the tenders and boneless thighs were plenty juicy and flavorful and all in all well-cooked. Personally, I liked the classic better than the special but I still think it's worth trying and figuring out what you like. 4/5 for chicken. 
Sauces: went with 3 that caught my eye - Thai red curry peanut, chipotle lime mayo, and green goddess ranch. I'd say my favorite was the green goddess ranch but I'm always a fan of ranch and fried chicken. A really close second was the chipotle lime mayo. Really can appreciate the chipotle and lime flavors and it's really well-balanced. Wasn't a huge fan of the Thai red curry peanut. I got a lot more peanut than Thai red curry. And with the other options just being so good, I didn't find myself going back to the peanut. 4/5
Apple and pumpkin pies - Wow. Both just were excellent. Flaky, crispy crusts, and neither were too sweet. Personally I was a little shocked that I came here for their fried chicken and felt their dessert outshined the fried chicken. 5/5
Snap juice & tea Co. (Fresh lime, agave, cayenne) - delish. Didn't really get much of the heat from the cayenne but I definitely liked it a lot. Fresh, crisp, bright, just really good with the heaviness of the fried chicken, dipping sauces and fried pies. 5/5
Also they have 6 different fountain drink offerings with no high fructose corn syrup - cane sugar is the sweetener. Orange mango was my favorite and watermelon was a close second. There is a cola, birch beer, a berry flavored one and a diet cola. Also they have Cheerwine for those of you Carolinians who know what that's all about. 
Really a great start. Hopefully they don't run out of chicken and have to close early consistently. 
Will definitely be back. 
And hopefully in future there will be some side options. The meal can certainly feel a little unbalanced/heavy without some vegetables. Maybe at least a pickle or something would do. Fried pickles if you really wanted to be consistent with the fried thing.My friends and I absolutely love their chicken. The temperature and the seasoning are perfect and proper. One of my favorite items here is the cleanse drinks. They really detox and cleanse your system after eating the chicken and mac&cheese. My class had the honor to meet Erica Hope, their GM. She was full of energy and confidence, her stories were engaging and we were
All captivated by her.Ordered through uber eats . I didn't receive my sauce or the chips I ordered. The 4 wings I did receive were breaded too much and very tasteless. Not a fan , I will not order from here again .The fried chicken (I tried all the types of pieces they had) was pretty good, but as other reviews have noted, overpriced. Tender on the inside and not dry at all, crispy on the outside. The interior of the place was beautiful, and the food/pastries were meticulously laid out and all looking absolutely mouth-watering. I also like the focus on a quick grab and go takeout - struck me as high-end, hip takeout.
The hand pies all looked amazing and delicious, but the pecan pie one I got didn't really taste all that special. I also had a lemon cheesecake cookie, which was also ok. I will definitely be back to try the other desserts though, since I was getting major choice anxiety about all the sweets to try.
My favorite items were probably the mac n cheese and biscuit. The biscuit was probably the best I've had, with a firm, buttery shell surrounding the pillowy, soft interior. Mac n cheese had complexity of flavor and a bunch of different ingredients, including tomatoes, that didn't distract from the yummy cheesiness but rather enhanced it. Perfect combo of ingredients and liked that there was chicken in it too.  
Overall, food presentation is great and honestly I would just go back for the mac n cheese and biscuits. They also had a cool soda fountain with unique flavors. Pricey, but if you're not averse to shelling extra $ for nicer takeout, Wishbone is definitely worth checking out.I work in the area and there arent too many great places to eat so I figured I give Wishbone a shot. Well I'm so happy that I did b/c its my new favorite spot. The decor is so cute. I've had the Mexican wrap and it is amazing, the Mac & Cheese is creamy and has some chipotle in it...yum and the chicken is perfectly cooked. They make all of there sauces and if you tell them you like hot they have some hiddens ones in the back if you dare to try them.5 stars for this tasty chicken joint! My husband and i stopped by for a quick lunch on Saturday. He ordered the Shroom and I ordered the Mexican. The chicken is crispy and juicy. The chipotle lime sauce as a nice touch. I super recommend for a comfort food fix.So looks like there have been some updates since last month! sandwich and salad added to the menu. Sides (cole slaw and mac and cheese) added to the menu. And not surprisingly, a dedicated pan for classic white, a dedicated pan for classic dark, and a split pan for special white & dark. They've expanded the dessert pie to include pecan pie and they have some more drink options than opening week too.
We came back and just went with the classic white and dark, pairing them up with the pommery honey mustard and chipotle lime mayo, and I'd have to say I think the honey mustard sauce is my new favorite! It has a bit of wasabi so it gives a nice kick to the nose that is refreshingly raw and welcome!
We got a bit of the mac and cheese (also sold per pound), and it was definitely some of the better mac and cheese that I've had in the city. Some marscapone, bacon bits, elbow macaroni, and some pretzel crumbles to give some additional crunch. I was surprisingly pleased with this one. And, by the time we finished eating it upstairs, I heard them telling other customers it had already sold out. In the famous words of my favorite all state commercial, "ohh ohh ohh - you gotta be quicker than that!"
The pecan pie was solid, and again, I am impressed at how consistently good their dessert pies are! The crust is just fantastically flakey and again, the pies are not overly sweet. 
Plus, with the cold weather, we decided to go for a cup of the mulled apple cider and it was really really good.I tried Wishbone take-out and I thought it was just alright. I had the dark classic chicken with chipotle lime mayo, mac and cheese, and a biscuit. The chicken wasn't bad, but not too memorable given the novelty of it. The mac and cheese was too salty for me. It's a good idea with the mascarpone and all, but it just wasn't right that time. I did like the chipotle dip and the biscuit was great. I wanted to try the bahn mi and they didn't have it anymore. So much for that. If I were to give Wishbone another shot I'd try some kind of sandwich instead of the chicken tenders.
Overall, it's not a bad spot. I just didn't care too much for it and it's a definitely a bit pricy.If you're looking for tips and information about actually *visiting* this restaurant, you're reading the wrong review!  I sent my partner out to pick us up some carry out late last night, so I've never set foot in Wishbone...
But I CAN tell you that their food is DELICIOUS!!!!!  I got the Dark Meat Tenders, and they were crunchy on the outside, super-juicy in the inside, and sublime!!!  They use an interesting spice blend that to my taste buds reads of curry powder, very pleasant!  I wasn't too big on the dips, which are made in-house and a little too assertive for my own preferences, but my husband really dug them, especially the "Buffalo Bleu" and the Honey Mustard, which had whole mustard seeds in it!
The biscuits were tasty, too, very savory, not super-flaky but still tender and delicious!  
I ordered a Chocolate Peanut Butter Handpie, and have to say it was one of the more delicious desserts I've had in a long time, and it was really easy to eat, too, as in, not messy and you didn't need a fork and knife or spoon to do so!  
Best of all, this restaurant is actually open and serving food until 3 am on a Saturday night...how awesome is that?!!!!
I'm sure I'll be back there sometime this week...and who knows, maybe I'll eat-in, rather than take-out!!Their Mac n cheese sucks because it's not
Mac n cheese and they didn't warn me. It has meat in it and doesn't taste anything like real Mac n cheese. I recommend Annie's if you want anything goodHey! So the manager reached out and made it right. The new batch of fries were amazing as well as the dipping sauce. Mistakes happen and unfortunately the chef never took responsibility for the bad batch but as a manager she made it right. And the new batch was next level- light with just the perfect amount of crisp....really hot and fresh. Completely different from the previous experiment. Overall wishbone makes great quality food-but like I said maybe that day we just had a bad batch.The fried chicken is great. The sides are interesting but not to my taste. The cookies are perfect. The atmosphere would be great for a lunch girls date or studying. Cute overall.I didn't know what to expect before I got to Wishbone since I had read some of these reviews, but I'm definitely one of those people who has to see for themselves. 
So, I came in the other night and it was quite busy. The staff was very helpful even though there was a bunch of fraternity brothers yelling out their orders and asking numerous questions. A cheery college aged girl who took care of most of my order explained how the sauces may taste given that there were soo many options to choose from, so that was nice. I ordered a mix of white and dark chicken with chipotle lime mayo and this yellow curry sauce. I prefer the dark as it was much juicier. 
I think it will be hard for me to try the other sauces since I was pretty pleased with the chipotle lime mayo which was both smokey and fresh tasting while the curry was on the sweeter side, so I really enjoyed the difference in my sauce flavors. 
Luckily, I had enough room for just one of their pies. They had many on display and from what I was told they bake them all in house. I chose the chocolate peanut butter one and boy did that feeel good. I'm a big chocolate girl, so I'm not sure I was surprised that I loved it. As for my drink, I just asked for some water. The young gentleman at the register politely handed me a cup. 
I should mention that the decor is pretty enchanting and you can tell the owners care about presentation. I dined upstairs and it was pretty spacious. 
I will certainly come back and bring my husband and my sisters, so that they can see and eat for themselves.im from dc came to visit a day yelped places to go ended up at wishbone....loved it the wings biscuits mac and cheese on a next level... #travelchannelworthy a must vist when in phillyThe Caprese sandwich was pretty tasty, if $8.50 for a sandwich sits ok with you.  It's also a cute place.  As other reviews mention, however, they won't give you a glass of water to go with your meal.   You have to buy a bottle of it or go without.  I have a problem with bottled water in general, and with a restaurant that skips an amenity most restaurants offer without charge, so... meh.Living in West Philly, my husband and I have driven past Wishbone hundreds of times and never tried it.  Finally, today was the day.  My husband and I are fried chicken connoisseurs, so the whole idea of "craft" chicken was enticing.  I read the reviews and they ranged from "this the best chicken ever" to the flavor of the chicken being bland.  Since we are not lemmings we wanted to try out the chicken for ourselves.  
We ordered the chicken tenders, chicken wings, biscuit and 2 hand pies for the family.  My mom looked at the chicken tenders and said they looked burnt and she did not want any.  They were a little browner than I usually like but they were not burnt.  I have to agree with other reviewers,  the tenders were moist. the coating was fine but...it had no flavor!!!!!  I believe that is why they MUST sell the dips.   Now 50 cents is not much; however when you need the dip to have any flavor profile, they should at least give you one gratis!  Even McDonald's does that!   I have to admit the dips were awesome and the biscuit was very good but pricey at over $2.  My husband said the chicken wings were better then the tenders.
The best part of our meal was dessert.  I had the "Not your Grandma's apple pie"  and the hubby had the chocolate peanut butter one.  Very good but not exceptional.  
We wanted to support local businesses.  Yet, I don't imagine we will be back soon. Since palates are different, try it for yourself.  Other people really love it. However, if you really want  a flavorful fried chicken, you should look elsewhere.This is a carry out styled place. Very nice clean locationWishbone has a great small location in University city. The design and theme is great. When I went the woman working was very friendly. She explained the whole menu. I went with the southern chicken sandwich. It was great. In fact, I have since ordered it a second time for delivery. The jalapeño cornbread was decent. The real star was the sandwich. It was a big soft bun, a large piece of fried chicken, crunchy southern slaw and a really tasty sauce. This sandwich is a bit more expensive than Hatch and Coop, but from my experience MUCH better and twice the size. Great sandwich, great location.Perhaps when a nut allergic patron asks about getting a sandwich without the curry peanut sauce, the chef or owner could educate the staff to say something other than "Oh, it will be really dry without the sauce."So, the sandwich I had, Wishboner is a funny name unless mom is ordering and then it's just awkward. The vibe of the place kind of turned me off because the young lady that was working didn't have the best example of customer service and the seating area outside was kinda messy. Luckily my friends and I were more focused on eating than what the service on the other side of the counter was. I will say that a combo is a better bet if you're hungry but if you're a bigger person and really want to fill up, it'll cost more than the food is worth. As far as flavor, the Wishboner was good but the potato salad was overly saturated with dressing and very small size. The tomatoes in the sandwich were sad and old, that was disappointing too. If you just want a flavorful chicken sandwich, try it early in the night or around lunch time maybe with hopefully more energy at the counter and in the dish presentation, but move on. The highlight of my visit was the option for Birch Beer at the soda machine.I had the BLT which was a beautiful sandwich. But, it was ruined by the tomato. What was supposed to be an oven roasted tomato, was a thick, ice cold, watery mess. It disintegrated the bottom of what was a beautiful roll, with all its excess moisture, which should never be the case of a roasted tomato. While I love tomatoes, the thick ice cold slices made me question whether my chicken was hot. It had all the ingredients to be great, except one.Dined here last night, as it is a new place that has opened up just across the street from my boyfriend's apartment. I was really turned on by its rustic feel - lots of wood panelings and floors. It's a classy fried chicken place, though the chicken is just tenders. Gourmet tenders, but still. Just tenders. I was also a bit bothered I didn't see anything that said their chicken was organic or free range and that stuff is really important to me so I'm not sure if I'll be back any time soon, but what I did have was good.
I was really impressed that they had mulled apple cider. It was piping hot and delicious, and had lots of little bits of star anise and oranges floating around in the pot. It was just what I needed last night! The tenders are coated in a batter that is partially a Korean recipe (if you've ever had Korean fried chicken, you know that it's godly), part American. The pretzel crust was interesting but I couldn't really taste it. The meat was very tender and juicy. They also have dark meat available for people who prefer that. They have hand pies, potato chips and assorted drinks. No sides, such as biscuit, vegetables, etc. I think they could do veggies here REALLY well. They got everything else right, so I'm really bummed that there's greens here! They do have a salad that is just called "The salad" and a sandwich called "the boner." The staff here is extremely friendly and nice. There is limited seating here so I wouldn't plan on eating in.I ran over to wishbone in late October back when they first opened up and the only thing you could get was chicken and hand pies. Haven't been back since they rounded out their menu to include other sides, so this review is for the chicken alone.
The chicken was tasty, but definitely over-hyped. Thumbs up for being boneless. Thumbs down for the breading itself being mediocre. The most interesting part of the experience I would say is the dipping sauces. But I'm biased. Dipping food into lots of different sauces almost instantaneously makes my eating experience so much better. I liked the bbq and the chipotle lime mayo.
I think if they wanna stick around longer they should keep making different and new sauces (with having a few of the regulars always there) and making thicker juicier tenders. My chicken was definitely over cooked. Adding sides to the menu is definitely a step in the right direction for this place.I deleted my last review - Due to Wishbone making things right after a bad experience.
Warning - the chicken tenders sold by the pound and for half a pound - you get 2 for about $5.00
The fries are very good when fresh.
Customer service - was poor but Erica (the Manager) made it right after what happened to my last order. I give Erica 5 stars.
The biscuits are next level - but very small for 2.25. Should be 1.25.
Many people have mentioned and I would agree for the price of the food - more food should be given.
I would order again.I ordered uber eats wishbone.  Food was stone cold.   I had the southern sandwich, gross.  The chicken is bland and overpriced.  Beware do not spend money here if you like chicken.Ermagahd. So good. The buttermilk chicken strips that are boneless are pretty salty. B But the mac and cheese is hands down some of the best Ive had in my life.  Four chicken strips and mac and cheese was filling and not coma-inducing. They're really fast for take out, and the staff are super knowledgeable about what pairs well with what, offering great suggestions. Now if only there was ketchup...When they first opened they had a couple problems. But now that they've been open for a bit I think they have improved a lot. Their food is tasty and super cheap, and the service is fast so I'm giving them 5 stars. That's all I can ask for! 
The people leaving negative reviews must have come when they first opened or they are those stereotypical stuck up yelp people who expect a 5 star dining experience from Mcdonald's.First time eating here. The food was really great and did not disappoint. I had the tasting menu (chicken, mac and cheese, and a BBQ dipping sauce) while my friend had a sandwich and biscuits and we shared. The chicken was delicious and not too heavy. The biscuits were soooo good. The Southern sandwich with coleslaw was great too. On my way out, I picked up iced coffee and a chocolate chip/peanut butter/brownie cookie concoction which was just perfect. The server taking our order was very friendly and prompt. I will be back soon!!Worst service ever. Overpriced fast food that's worse than basically every restaurant in university service. Wants to charge money for water- just greedy owners who should be put out of business. Recommend to avoid!I have mixed opinions on Wishbone - I've been here quite a few times since it's close to campus. 
The food - The chicken itself is pretty good. I wouldn't say it's the best fried chicken I've ever had, but it's good. The sauces are the better part - there are 5 or 6 of them ranging from BBQ to Pesto to Thai peanut. I also tried the mac & cheese which I definitely recommend, it has bacon and other things mixed in it.
Some things annoy me here though. For example, they advertise their homemade pies in the store, but then you can't actually buy them unless you get a combo meal. They also would not give me a glass of water which is really just unnecessary - it seems like they even have cups for water but they just won't give it to you! This sort of thing just makes me feel like they're trying to earn that extra one or two bucks from me, which doesn't make me feel good about coming back.First time eating from here, I ordered through ubereats. All I ordered was 8 wings , Mac & cheese , & a sauce for my wings. My total including uber fee and tax was $21.84. The food got to me in less than 35 minutes which I really appreciate however I only received 7 wings.. On top of that it had no fork in the bag for my Mac & cheese and no napkins ! This place is a little to pricey to be acting so cheap, I will not be back.It was great! Wings were extra crispy, I recommend the chipotle lime mayo - dirty bird is a little messy but I should have expected that with chili as a topping, bun was nice And the fountain sodas are extra good. Oh and the Mac and cheese is a must.If you are looking for late night comfort food, than you have found it. My favorite place to go after a night out on the town. The fried chicken is soo good and even the mac and cheese is irresistible. I actually wasn't a fan of the mac and cheese originally as it is not very traditional. It is more like a mix of mac and cheese and chili which at first I thought was weird but now I have grown to love. I crave the biscuits as they are soft and buttery.  The place can get very lively after midnight as it is a popular late night restaurant. The staff can be very sassy and not the most friendly at times but usually not that bad. The prices are also pretty reasonable and what you would for a place like this.Food was great! The tenders were perfectly seasoned. Not too salty or too breaded the organic soda was also interestingI visited this place for the first time. After navigating through their menu options I ordered a sandwich. After my order is served I realized that it contains something that i can not eat. I told the guy that i can not eat this and i need to order something else. I offered him my card thinking maybe their could be a difference in price for the new order. He took my previous sandwich and charged me full price for the new sandwich I ordered !My office recently moved to the corner of 41st and Powelton. Due to our move, we have been checking out different restaurants for lunch and were excited to try "craft chicken" at Wishbone. Not only was the white chicken delicious and a healthy alternative to the usual greasy mess we are used to receiving in tiny white boxes, but the dipping sauces made it that much better - the pommery honey mustard being the favorite at our table. Added to the simple menu was a delicious three cheese macaroni and cheese worthy of a meal itself as well as flavorful coleslaw. Strangely enough, however, my favorite item at Wishbone was the SNAP bottled black tea with fresh lemon, lemon zest, and agave - refreshing, sweet enough, and completely addicting. I wish they had it available by the case. 
The customer service was impeccable and friendly and the décor was inviting. Special thanks to Sophie for explaining the menu options and the ingredients in each choice. The only disappointment I experienced was not being able to try the thai chicken mentioned in the other reviews!They were open late around 2:30am and the decor and presentation as well as the ambiance lovely. 
I had the Chicken Wings and Fries. The food however was subpar. Sadly it looks better than it tastes .New place just opened by the former chef/owner of Sola (Dave Clauser).  He just opened Wishbone, a "craft" fried chicken take out with limited seating.  Excellent fried chicken - no bones.  This is gourmet fingers.   They are fresh, hot, crispy, delish - as are the dips.  No veggies or sides.   We did dine there - cozy seating up a few steps.  It is in the building where Lee's Hoagies was - big improvement.  You should try it.  Adult food but if you work at or near Penn and want to bring home a real treat for your kids - make the stop and pick up. He also makes a "pie of the day."  Sort of pockets - today was pumpkin.  Didn't try but they looked tasty.  Also an interesting assortment of beverages.  I had a SNAP - lime, agave, cayenne.  Oh -- ask for the "secret" sauce.  They sometimes have something special if you ask.  This is going to be a new addiction for us.I just tried this place yesterday after many times of walking past it and saying "Hey, we should try that." I was really excited--mostly for the mac n cheese--however was slightly disappointed.
Before I begin, my review does not reflect the staff. They were perfectly nice and explained the menu with ease. 
We went around dinner time and got four chicken strips, a container of their mac n cheese, 2 handpies and 2 sauces. The best thing about our meal was the parmesan pesto sauce and that is it.
The chicken was cold and stale, the mac n cheese was spicy, but not to the fault of the place--it just didn't fit my palate. The handpies were cold and not over the moon amazing. 
*Sigh* Wishbone, you didn't make my wish come true.This place is great! We tried Wishbone by getting a delivery order using the Ubereats service. The food was at our door in under 30 min.
The chicken tenders are outstanding. My wife is a chicken tender aficionado and says they are some of the best she has ever had, and I agree. The dipping sauces we got were great too! (honey mustard, buffalo bleu, Donfire)
As a chilihead I appreciate when things advertised as spicy are actually spicy. The Donfire sauce was just that. Good habanero flavor and plenty of heat.
The Autumn salad was a well balanced blend of flavors and textures. Very yummy and good on the tummy.
Finally, the Southern sandwich was SO bomb. Tangy sweet tomato jam, tasty slaw, gourmet pickles, and of course the amazing fried chicken! A must-have.
Needless to say, we will be getting food from here again very soon. Thank you, Wishbone!The food is tasty and reasonably-priced, and the country decor is well executed. This place deserves better than Penn students looking for a snack after a night of partying.I love their signature pretzel crusted fried chicken! Salty and sweet, and the dark meat is deliciously tender. I'm amazed at how well everything delivered too! Ordered delivery on a Friday night and everything arrived within 30 minutes.
There are a variety of sauces depending on what you're in the mood for, but my two favorites are the pesto Parmesan and the honey mustard. 
The chicken is top notch in my opinion, albeit very expensive, however the mac and cheese was somewhat disappointing. It's packed with ingredients (sausage, peppers, herbs, cheese, etc) and almost has the consistency of stuffing. But all of the ingredients leave a mush of indistinguishable flavors. I prefer a crumbly mac and cheese instead of a mish mosh.
Overall, great spot in U City to satisfying a fried chicken craving!One of a kind Restaurant, I was very pleased from the chicken tenders, the sauce, biscuit, Mac & cheese ,pie and the watermelon cream soda! Everything was on point, I can't wait to make another visit to philly! I love wishbone!For what it is, it's incredibly expensive.
The chicken coating was nice and crispy (not greasy), but the chicken itself was dry. And overall it was very bland.
The desserts sound amazing but really don't live up to it.
My order (via UberEats) was also stone cold.
Better off at KFC.3.5 stars
The service was spectacular. Upon arrival, the girl at the counter was very nice and asked if it was my first time. When I replied yes, she asked if she could tell me what the have to offer. Why of course!
So they offer pretzel crusted chicken tenders, dark meat and white meat, spicy vs mild. They also have some sweets that I didn't indulge in (but baked on premises!) I also got their mac and cheese, and jalapeno corn bread. 
So the way they price things here is based on weight. And if i remember correctly it's either $7.50 or $8.95/pound I can't remember.. I'll update when I check! 
But as you can see, it's kind of pricey. For my chicken,  cornbread and mac n cheese it came to $15.46 (and I got 5 pieces of chicken tenders). 
I'll give it to them for the mac n cheese. It was awesome flavorful, with a good crust on the top!  The chicken was A-OK. It was decently juicy, but not very flavorful! Kind of bland.  But the crust was nice and crispy! They also have a handful of dipping flavors for 50 cents a piece. I opted for the pesto parmasean which was super awesome. 
The cornbread was pretty good. A ltitle on the dry side, but I really appreciated the amount of jalapenos in there! I love jalapenos :)
I'm not sure I'd be back just due to the pricey-ness and OK value of food. Maybe if I'm in the area :)The first time I tried the southern sandwich. The chicken was so deliciously breaded and everything in it was so good I had to try another sandwich the next day. I got the buffalo and it was amazing. The chicken did not disappoint, the buffalo sauce was not like anything I've had, and they used real blue cheese chunks (not the liquid, ranch-like form). The sandwiches taste good even as heated leftovers. The sandwich size is between a shorti and classic from wawa, but the chicken pieces are large so it's filling. I definitely want to try their entire menu.Decor: 4/5
Service: 3/5 
Food: 1/5
I got the special and had them get me one of each fried chicken.
Props for trying to be unique but I wasn't impressed with the texture or taste. The only thing that I liked was the locally brewed sodaLemme start this off by saying I'm Black with a southern mama. Went in here with my mom one day. The staff was nice and helpful, but the menu was limited and disappointing. The macaroni and cheese is not mac n cheese. More like some kind of macaroni casserole. Not bad, but not mac n cheese. The chicken was flavorless. I hated it. I threw it out. Breaded with bread crumbs I think? Hated it.Really great chicken, but you have to eat it with sauce. The chipotle lime mayo sauce is amazing. Mac and cheese is quite good too, but a little bit greasy. Solid place for comfort food. I went back on the second day and got the salad---SOOO good!!! Love it. Definitely try.Not much selection! 
Okay. Me and my wife went here to try out their chicken. We had the wings and they were delicious. The sides though were extremely small and we were disappointed they didn't have much more to offer. Like I said the chicken was amazing, but felt that they should have had so more sides to offer besides coleslaw, potato salad, and a totally unappetizing looking mac and cheese.While I try not to eat fried food often, this place will make me break that rule. The chicken tenders are well seasoned and fried to perfection. I tend not to like white meat and prefer dark meat....and guess what?  They have dark meat tenders!!!  I'm in love.Half a block away from "Hatch and Coop," (see last review), but 50% more expensive. 
$6 fried chicken sandwich at Hatch and Coop. $9 fried chicken sandwich at Wishbone. 
Though Wishbone's sandwich was definitely worth $3 more, I could do with the cheaper version. 
 Do NOT get the overpriced chicken wings. $8.95/lb...we bought 2 wings to try them out and the total cost of the wings themselves were $3.00. Bland wings are not worth $1.50 each.I'm sure someone likes it... But not me! 
I spent $13 on a dinner and didn't even finish it - that's saying something because I love food, I love eating and I don't like wasting food. 
They seem to be trying too hard to have unique recipes. I did not enjoy their tough fried chicken and the mac and cheese was just disgusting. 
Also, I was put off by the fact that rap music was playing so loud that you couldn't have a conversation about their somewhat confusing ordering system.This was my first time ordering from here. The food was delivered super fast, well before the 30-40 minutes. Delivery guy was very friendly. The food was great. I really enjoyed the chicken tenders matched with the Modern BBQ sauce. The legendary Mac and cheese was ok. I think it was the chicken sausage that threw it off. Topped off with the buttermilk biscuit. Great job!This place was exceptionally awful. I'd give it no stars if I could, and the only reason I'm writing this review is as a warning to other unsuspecting hungry people.
Walked in, both employees looked at my friend and I without even a greeting. (We were the only two in the store). Strike 1 fools. 
I got the $11.00 special (1/2 lb chicken, mac n cheese and a soda). The white meat tenders were just ok, crispy but absolutely no flavor to the crust or the meat. (Strike 2)
The leg/wing were horrid. Again, no seasoning and the meat had an awful aftertaste as if it was spoiled before they fried it. (I would know, I cook chicken all of the time.) (Strike 3)
The mac n cheese was more like spicy cajun pasta, but still nothing exceptional.  
On top of this crap, they got my friend's order wrong after acting funny about letting him use the bathroom--you speak English so why are you acting so confused about a simple question? DO YOU OR DON'T YOU HAVE A BATHROOM THAT PATRONS CAN USE? (Strikes 4 aNd 5). SMDH
The icing on the cake was the fact that they didn't even give me the cup for my soda, so I left without it rather than waste my breath. (Strike 6)
Needless to say I walk past this crap store every day to and from school, and will continue to do so. I'd advise you to do the same.Poor chicken for a chicken place. Sandwiches overly greasy, panko on chicken soggy. Can get better fried chicken at the grocery store.This place is really great. I think their original recipe was better than the Thai Curry. The Thai Curry didn't have a lot of flavor. I haven't tried the pies but they look very good too. It's a little pricey compared to a typical fast food place, but it's pretty hard to spend a lot here because they sell chicken by the pound. I had eight pieces and it still only came out to 5 dollars. The honey mustard was great, it's got a little kick which I liked. Will definitely be back.Please Please...... if you want some good chicken to eat... stay faaaaaaaaar away from this joint..... this was the WORST chicken I EVER had and some of it was PINK INSIDE........ oh God was it TERRIBLE.....
Now if you want to go there for the hand made little pies they were GLORIOUS... I had the Lemon, and the Banana Foster... both VERY GOOD but STAY AWAY FROM THIS CHICKEN!Amazing concept, extremely poorly executed. The Mac and cheese was terrible, dry with a strange taste. The chicken was overcooked, under seasoned, and not worth eating.  My advice, don't waste your time or money on this fake out of a great idea.Wandered by and stuck my head in because it looked interesting. The young lady working there asked me if I wanted to come in and see what they had. I really loved their huge selection of craft beer. Had a stout from the cooler, a piece or chicken and a pot pie. All was really good. The staff is especially friendly and helpful.I visited Wishbone at 12:30 on a Monday and there were only two other customers, which is slow considering the location. I ordered a pound of wings ($8.95/LB) and a biscuit ($2.25). The wings are not seasoned well and not that tasty, therefore, I urge you to purchase one of the variety of dipping sauces they offer for an additional 50 cent. I was disappointed, at least one dipping sauce should have been included with my order. I hate when companies squeeze money out of customers by charging for condiments. I understand paying for additional condiments, but at least include some condiments with a customer's order. What's next, paying extra for napkins? But I digress. Butter is also not included with the biscuit. Specialty butter can be purchased for an additional cost. LOL. Again, what's next, charging for napkins? I ordered the Honey Butter which was pretty good considering that I had to pay for it! The biscuit is made from scratch and as for taste, it was 'ok.' It probably would have tasted better if it was served warm.  The menu is pretty diverse, they sell fried chicken (white, dark, and wings), sandwiches, salads, desert, and sides. They also have an impressive vintage soda collection. Now to the good part, they serve beer, prices range from $2.50 and up! They sell everything from Blue Moon to local craft beers! The atmosphere changes on Friday and Saturday nights from calm to wild! Thanks to party goers the line is usually long! Centered in the heart of Gayborhood, Wishbone is the perfect place to people watch on the weekend while sipping on a cheap cold beer! Wishbone's staff is friendly and the main reason why I am not giving it 4 stars is because I was not satisfied with the food and paying extra for condiments. If I could rate it based on the weekend vibe and beer alone I would give it 10 stars! By the way, they also deliver.Hands down the most amazing Mac and cheese ever. I would choose this Mac and cheese over sex. No exaggerations. It's that good.Had a great drop in lunch here today.
Chicken tenders with two dipping sauces - a buffalo blue (which I normally don't like but was excellent here) and a very smokey chipotle.
Came with a very tasty mac and cheese. Full of veggies and other tasty morsels.
For a few extra bucks it came with a PBR which was a perfect easy drinking accompaniment.
Place is clean and stylish.
There's a big selection of other beer too which is nice.
Lots of baked treats that I didn't try.
Rice pudding too.Wishbone is an excellent choice for any hunger need. Maddi is by far the best customer service associate on premises. Her personality and presence truly made my experience remarkable and I will most definitely be back again. Thanks, Maddi!This Mac and cheese is EVERYTHING. And the chicken. SUPER crunchy. The girl behind the counter was really nice and this is now a spot I have to make it to before I leave Philly!!!!They left an item off my order, no biggie I'll just call and get it fixed. Well I call the number listed here, it's the other location. So when I find the correct number, I call and they have a voicemail system set up so you have to leave a message to speak with someone. This is insane for restaurant! What if I got the wrong order? I have to wait for a callback...? 
Chicken was decent. Mac was not good.Lured in here by helpings of Mac and cheese- it looks so good. However, prudence has always been a finer point of my personality, and when asked if the MAC was vegetarian and was deeply disappointed that it wasn't. 
The cornbreads are vegetarian, but slightly too dry, i've gotten them twice- at least- because they look so damn cute and tasty. Brownies are such a hit or mess out of the four times I've gotten a brownie two of those times that brownie was spectacular, the other times it was stale. 
The beer fridge is a nice touch and well priced too.I was so so so excited to come here and I was let down so so so hard. This place has such a great vibe with coolers lined up with craft beer along with original and modern decor. Unfortunately, none of that can help the fact that the chicken's flavor was god awful. They highly brag about their pretzel crusted chicken, but they forgot to leave out that doesn't compensate for the potent flavor that instantly hits you when you take a bite. Even the 75 cent honey mustard couldn't save it. I'll give it an extra star because the fries were somewhat decent. Such a shame for such a beautifully decorated place. Give it a try for yourself and let me know if you felt the same. See you all at Popeyes down the street.Place is great, there is a pizzeria right in front of the restaurant and I choose wishbone every time.  Only issue is there is a strange after taste with the fried chicken.  It could be MSG in the seasoning or a weird salt that I can t put my finger on, but I can t stand that after taste.  Other than that it is a great restaurant, and a decent value.  Chick-fil-la needs to take notes, from wishbone.A absolutely wonderful fried chicken sandwich with all the fixin's. Left my mouth watering for more. Maybe not the healthiest meal in Philly, but.... Delicious!Overpriced chicken tenders in my opinion.  The concept is a good one, but I expected more than chicken fingers and biscuits that have clearly been sitting under the heat lamp most the day. They do have a best soda collection which is why I rated 3 stars instead of 2. Not sure I would come back hereTheir chicken strips are by FAR the best in Philly! Their sauces are out of this world, but be careful with the Triple XXX hot sauce, YIKES! The mini pot pies are fantastic and I could slap my mama over their macNcheese! I love this placeWe were hungry and it was just ok. Yup  chicken is like shake n bake but it's decent cause it's tender. Mac n cheese is a standout as is the sauces. Also beer to go? They have fin du monde from Quebec. That's awesome. Wasn't expecting much so but  it was good or we were hungry I can't decide..Chicken tenders and biscuit were slammin. Love all the dipping sauce options- biiiiiiig dipper over here. 
Mac n cheese wasn't my thing, and the baby pot pie was kinda gross.
The staff were very friendly, and extra points for being open late!Ventured into Wishbone not really knowing what to expect. My two friends and I were pleasantly surprised at how good (and juicy) the chicken was. I was sold on the Mac and cheese after the employees let us try some before buying - their mac and cheese is awesome. The two employees were so nice and very helpful when it came to making up our minds on what to buy. The buffalo bleu sauce was so good - if they sold it by the bottle I'd buy it. The only suggestion I'd make is to somehow make sure the food is served at a higher temperature. (It wasn't cold but could have been much hotter)
Overall it was a fun place to eat with decent food and down to earth employees. We got a few pounds of chicken, some biscuits, some sauces, a pound of Mac, and a 6 pack of beer for around 50 bucks.Ok to begin; the food is amazingly great!!Chicken fingers awesome and the red bliss potato salad so damn good!! That being said, the reason I gave 2 stars was because of my experience when buy my food. I don't even let rude restaurant workers bother me anymore but what really bothered me was the fact that as the worker was weighing my food she dropped it on the counter and instead of getting another piece of chicken she picked it off the counter and just wrapped it up. Seriously!? Just severely bad customer service and more than likely against food/health code.The Mac and cheese rolls around in my mouth. The chicken is the most juiciest chicken I have ever tasted. Can't wait for secondsThe security guy Joey is super helpful. He made sure my phone didn't get stolen while it was charging.Last night at around 1am a small group of friends and I visited on our way home. My friend wanted pizza so crossed the street while we waited in line. As I was ordering about $50 worth of chicken for our group my friend returned with his slice of pizza. He was simply holding it while we were in line. Between ordering and paying I playfully nibbled at the tip of his slice of pizza hanging off of the plate. A stuffy looking dude barked at us that now he had to kick us out because we couldnt consume outside food or drink. At first I thought he was joking but soon realized that no, he was actually just a dick with the inability to discern policy from practice. Look, I could see if we were a roudy after hours crew or if we were being loud, rude or disrespectful. We never had the intent to consume any outside food, and I had literally just ordered $50+ worth of food. The employee was simply cranky and rude. There are just too many options in this area for anyone to put up with snarky or poor service. Do better. Until then, we wont be back.I really like the concept of this place. This is a good spot to hit up for a quick and easy but tasty meal (also good for a quick beer). I was loving their ginormous selection of bottle craft beers, especially since you don't see a lot of those beers sold in other restaurants. I had the Southern chicken sandwich and was really impressed. The chicken was moist and tender and I really liked the slaw on the sandwich. The jam added a little bit of sweetness that balanced out the salty from the fried chicken and the slaw. I was not as impressed by the mac and cheese.. it appeared a little dry and burnt. Other than that, everything else is fantastic!the food is still delicious! no denying about that! but the price took me by surprise today.  i ordered 3 wings and a scoop of mac and cheese (heard it was phenomenal) and it came to a total of $9.10!  tbh, i almost wanted to say "take it back!".  
while i think the wings are maybe worth it. the mac and cheese, on the other hand, is no doubt a little too much for me.  again, it is very tasty! but the price needs to come down a little bit... the chicken is $8.95 /lb and the mac n cheese is also $8.95/lb...? basically i would choose chicken every time if i only got $9 to spare.  forget about half and half.  also, smaller containers would help manage the weight of the mac & cheese.. it's so dense! i don't need more than 1/3 of a lb of mac and cheese.
it's gonna be a while before i return back to wishbone :(I don't know how many locations they have, but damn.....their stuff is delicious! My friend brought me here after a night out drinking. Their fried chicken is good, but you definitely need some of that dipping sauce they charge you for. Their Mac & Cheese is incredible. The line was very long, but it move quickly. I'm curious to see what this place is like during the day, and when there aren't a whole lot of drunks there. I'm totally bummed that I didn't get to try their corn bread. Next time i guess. Chicken is crispy. Mac & Cheese i full of flavor.
I would have totally given his place 4 stars, but as someone who cares about the environment...they've failed. They don't care whether you take it to go or eat there. They rush you through the line and bag every single order into a large plastic bag. I noticed that most people ate there, and tossed all of the containers and bags into the trash. They could be more environmentally conscious and not give out bags, especially when it goes into the trash minutes later. It's the Californian in me.I literally stumbled across this place during pride and was so amazed! The atmosphere is so great. Jamin Music at like 11 pm. A whole wall of different beers and ciders a la The foodery. The chicken is what people come for. It's good. Is it the best? Nah. But the whole experience is so great that you can kinda overlook it. They have different dipping sauces and sides that work really well with the chicken. I have been to another location on Penns campus. Super cute location without the beer wall.I've never written a yelp review before, but this was by far the worst tasting food I have ever had and I didn't want anyone else's money and time to be wasted like our's was. I went to this restaurant hungry and excited on Friday night because the reviews were so good but I was severely disappointed. The restaurant was clean, the food looked good aesthetically, which is why I'll generously give two stars but the food tasted so bland and horrible. We got about $30 worth of food and left after eating a few bites because it was so bad. The mac & cheese, the wings, and the chicken strips were atrocious. The only bearable item was the potato salad that still had too much horse radish. If you go here, I really think you will be disappointed as well.Good food at a great price!  Got the chicken Bahn Mi and the smores tart.  Both were delicious!!  
Menu was diverse with a great selection of homemade baked goodies too!Good but nothing really special. The biscuits were my favorite part of the meal, and the only thing I can say is unique and worth going back for. The chicken was good, but once again no better than other chicken based restaurants I've been to in NY & Philly. I'm more keen on foghorn, andys, or Popeyes (if you don't care about putting on airs).The only thing I enjoyed was the biscuit. My fries were burnt, and the chicken tenders had a very odd taste. Never again.Got their chicken caprese sandwich. SOOOO delicious!!! Friendly staff too. Hope to be back againOutrageous selection of craft beers! The biscuits are delicious and made from scratch. The mac and cheese will definitely go in my top 5. It has a little kick and the flavor is amazing. Staff is excellent, and they stay open until 3 or 4 am. I will absolutely be returning to try the rest of the menu.Omg, so friggin good. Just go...You'll be happy you did. Been trying to get here for a year. 
The chicken Bahn Mi is without hesitation the best in phila - the bread is extremely special. 
Wings are big, plump and delicious. 
Neat homemade hot sauce. 
The chicken Caesar salad is perfect. 
And finally, the chef or owner has extraordinary baking skills. There's a slew of desserts that are as darn good as anything you'd get at metropolitan- and that's big. The cookies and custard pie are exceptional.Don't order from here if you want a hot sandwich, crispy chicken and a crispy roll. 1 hour for delivery and the chicken was very small... only fit half the roll.  Sandwich was just ok. May have been better if it was hot and crispy.  Won't order from here again.4.5 stars. Actually to my surprise this place is fantastic... not the worlds biggest fried chicken type of guy but this spot was yum, wishbone was a hit! 
First off the people working were really nice! The restaurant is clean and it was open late! 
I ordered a 3 piece of breast with fries And cornbread. It's was wonderful, chicken was perfectly fried ( I liked the triple XXX sauce more than the pesto and tamarind sweet) also I was not a huge fan of the ketchup at all... but I like fries without ketchup too so that was not too bad for me. 
They have a great selection of bottled brews and drinks for much more adequate prices than the bars and clubs around so I think it's a worthy stop at any part of the night especially if you get a little hangry.
Till next time.I'm not sure I truly understood the meaning of soul food until I tried their mac n' cheese. Just writing that out is making me salivate - and it's located next to all of the hip clubs on 13th. This is the best kind of late night food (or dinner / lunch I guess, too) and will wrap you in warm feelings of delicious goodness.I honestly have walked pass this place multiple times, and one night I decided to go in. For starters they sell beer and they deliver it!! After you walk pass their selection of beer, you see all the different choices of food that they have. They sell fried chicken, Mac and cheese, fries, and etc. Their fried chicken is by the pound and I ordered a 1/2 pound of their white meat chicken which was two pieces. After you finish ordering, you get to pick a sauce to dip your food in. They have a wide variety of sauces but I decided to go with their barbecue sauce. 
After I payed, I was able to find a seat and enjoy my food. For starters their fried chicken was not greasy compared to other places. The chicken was nice and juicy, and it was cooked to perfection! The chicken had a nice crunch to it, and it melted in your mouth. The barbecue sauce paired nicely with the chicken, and it was a little sweet but not too sweet. 
The best thing about this place is that they are open till 4 in the morning on Saturdays! I went to this place at 12 in the morning and it was amazing! If you haven't check this place out you need to, especially if you like fried chicken. You will not be disappointed!After a night of partying I smelled the chicken on the way to my car, so I had to stop. I had two chicken biscuits(I made them) and their Mac and cheese.the biscuit was sweet and savory, and the Mac and cheese had pieces of biscuit in it. Both were delicious and I paired it with a Fat tire for extra goodness. This place is a must stop.Wishbone Philly apparently just opened. I picked up a mini chivken  pot pie and I have to say it was absolutely delicious. Washed it down with a chocolate Nutella  cupcake that was also delicious. Give it a try.Just no, from the banh mi chicken burger which simply doesn't work to the mac n cheese that disappointed I was thoroughly unsatisfied with my meal.Hip place, but the fried chicken failed badly with that crumbly breading, wasn't crunchy and lacked memorable flavor.  Jalepeno corn bread was ok. Mediocre food....didn't impress me enough to come back a second time.People were very professional. Place was very clean. Food was terrible. Some pieces of chicken weren't cooked all the way. I get the concept, but the food is bad. Mostly fat on the chicken. Wouldn't recommend, but I'll let other ppl make a decision for themselves.Not a fan of the craft chicken, unfortunately. I like very crispy chicken skin so think Korean fried chicken (Bonchon) or the typical Popeyes. This breading just didn't do it for me. However, I will be back for the chicken pot pie and the mac and cheese. The mac and cheese is absolutely out of this world!! Must try!!Bland yet greasy chicken that is really honestly not like any fried chicken I've had before. More like shake n bake. Weirdest Mac n cheese I've ever tasted. Limited drink selection which sucks, and what they do have is expensive.The only reason I gave it 3 stars was for the blondie brownie.  That was one of the best ones I've had.  The chicken is nothing to be impressed about.  Didn't expect to receive burnt fries either. I don't recommend the tamarind sauce at all.I really want to love this place but I just can't.  The chicken has no flavor, no  salt , just nothing . I had to dip the chicken in the sauce I bought just for some kind of salt . The mac and cheese is good, but that's about it. This is my second time eating here. I mean no flavor at all. The employees are really nice!Went in on a whim..wow loved this place..owner so friendly n helpful.
Its like a bakery with so many many homemade goodies to chose from ..all looked so yummy ..
Tons of stuff to chose from..
I had chicken tenders and mac n cheese with chicken pot pie . home made succotash.
This place is a MUST TRY...u will not regret it ..no way 
Wholesome comfort food at a reasonable price..This place looks like a good idea but the sandwich I just had there was pretty disgusting. I got the fried chicken BLT sandwich. Thin, flavorless bacon on a gigantic roll with a thin fried piece of dark meat chicken. It had a big rubbery chunk in the middle of the sandwich. I'm OK with paying nine dollars for a sandwich if it's terrific. This was not.Pretty dope place for an afternoon drink. A friend and I went here instead of happy hour and we couldn't be more pleasantly surprised. Their beers are around $3 (which is happy hour prices), but what had me sold it for me were their wings, they were flavorful, made fairly fresh (as they only make small batches) and with just the right amount of crunch. It had a bar vibe with the drinks and hip hop music, but a chill lounge feel.
Must try for the wings alone!This place has chicken white and dark on the spot. Ready to order! 
We're from out of town and just left a local club. Perfect pace to comesThe best quick eats that I've found in the Gayborhood. Thick pieces of chicken in a batter that's light and not at all greasy. The sweet tamarind sauce is a favorite; when I opt for the pesto sauce, I save the leftovers for a sandwich spread. I'd also highly recommend their honey biscuits.I went here for take-out and boy was it good! I ordered a fried chicken salad, 5 chicken wings, and a biscuit. The total was about $19 but there was so much food. The wings were large and the crust was amazing. Super crunchy and well-seasoned. The salad was great because it had large chunks of chicken, croutons, pickled onions, and a yummy dressing. The biscuit was soft and fluffy with a hint of sweetness. Really good take-out fried chicken and reasonably priced. I wish they had one in CA!The chicken strips were really good but the mac and cheese is definitely in the running for worst I've ever had. I'm not sure if it has jalapeños in it but there's something green and spicy, the cheese is bland, and I'm not really a fan of the breadcrumbs on baked Mac and cheese. The jalapeño cornbread was cold and dry but surprisingly sweet which was kinda odd. I will say that the sauces are amazing, especially the tamarind one. It's worth it if you just wanna grab some chicken to go but I wouldn't make a meal out of it.Apparently "craft fried chicken" is limited to wings and tenders that aren't even made fresh-to-order. They sit under heat lamps for who knows how long. I wanted to love it here because it's right around the corner from my apartment, but...
I've had the white meat tenders twice now, and they were average at best. They weren't dry or anything, but they weren't special. For $9 a pound, they weren't filling at all. 
The mac and cheese was dry (probably from sitting under that heat lamp all day). 
I chose the four dipping sauces (on two separate occasions) that sounded the least spicy, and they were all spicy (who puts wasabi in honey mustard?).Ok I had 0 expectations about those fried chicken. Probably another of those gas station quality stuff that looks way better than they taste. But I was so wrong. Crispiest crust ever with the juiciest dark meat. And the donfire sauce was so spicy but complements the fried chicken perfectly.cute little place with dozens of craft beer to choose from, along with a few other bottled drinks. we only had the chicken pot pie for food. so-so. but will go back and try the salad and perhaps the mac n cheese. the desserts looked great. cool atmosphere, great staff. check it out!UPDATE.  It gets more disappointing each time I visit, the breaded skin of wish bone wings gets thicker and thicker, until the skin is about the same weight of the chicken, this is fraud.
Personally believe that the fried chicken tastes better than the university city one. Had chickens by weight the night they open up and it's so good. Having the southern sandwich today and this stuff is MASSIVE! It's very heavy so the buns are a bit thin to hold it, the sauce is sweet, the chicken can get a little bit less crispy in the sandwich. But still, I like the taste of it and ppl are very nice and welcoming :)Wishbone is a pretty chill place to grab some chicken and sides.
It doesn't wow me and it's a bit pricey for what it is, but the food is solid. The chicken tenders are good quality and I like the Mac &a cheese.
The jalepano cornbread is decent as well.
The Baum mi chicken sandwich is surprisingly great.
Overall, this place is solid especially if you're trying to grab something fast and casual.Yummy fried chicken. Loved the southern style sandwich as well. They have a wide range of beers and it goes well with the chicken. I will come back again for sure.I live around the corner and feel really awkward getting chicken fingers from real restaurants, so this was my last resort. 
The chicken is decent, but definitely not worth the price per pound (especially when there's more breading and less chicken). The mac and cheese is dry and burnt, but a step up from Wawa. 
All of the sauces are spicy (not like "my mouth is on fire" hot, but not even the honey mustard is sweet). And I'm gonna go ahead and be that guy to say 75¢ is too expensive for the size of the containers. Should be 50¢ (it adds up, dude). 
The beer selection is pretty decent, but the prices for a place like this are pushing it at 50¢ to $1 more than anywhere else.
Basically only come here if you're drunk.Phenomenal!! I got the classic dark tenders and they were the perfect amount of crunchy on the outside and moist and juicy in the inside. Never had such great tenders in my life! I also got the orzo salad and half baked cookie- both delicious. So many options that I didn't get to try... Will need to come back! This place is very friendly and has unique yummy options. My only complaint is that it is a little expensive.I cane into the restaurant to buy a dessert.  The staff decided to ignore me for about five minutes straight as I stood there waiting to pay.  I turned around and walked out.Stopped here on two occasions over the course of Outfest. It's a great place to people watch if you sit at the window. They also have an EXTENSIVE selection of beers from which to choose. Checking out is a bit laborious as the staff don't seem to have a handle on the process or even opening the beer for you. 
The second visit was the the problem. We stopped by after a concert (around 11:30pm) for food given the limited options downtown. Just say no folks. We had the most interestingly disgusting chicken tenders and mac/cheese we've ever had. We couldn't even finish them. I mean the aftertaste alone was enough to make you sick to your stomach.
Come for the beer, run away from the tenders!Ordered 1/2 lb of wings, got 4 pieces. The menu says 1/2 lb yields 6-8 pieces of wings - a complete lie. Sauce is good (pesto Parmesan). The star of the show, wings, are ironically dry. Mac and cheese is good, very salty, if you're into hypertensive diet.Pretty quality chicken for a great price. The wings and tenders are bigger than your average. Crispy outside with a super moist inside.I haven't been to this location in quite some time. I walked up to the counter to find chicken wings, chicken tenders, fries and biscuits. Everything looked like it was made in house which is always good. 
I ordered chicken tenders with a side of fries. The tenders were white meat (which I loved) and it appeared to be marinated in a blend of spices before being covered in bread crumbs and fried! The lady at the counter weighed my food and gave me a price after asking what dipping sauce I desired. She then told me the fries would be just a minute and she would bring them to my table.
Since I was waiting on my fries, I decided to begin eating my chicken. Once my fries came, there was a basket of shoe string fries with a dipping sauce that did not appear to be ketchup. It would have been a five star rating, but the fries were cold. Since I had to wait for my fries, I was expecting them to be hot.
My suggestion is to go the this place earlier in the day to get everything nice and fresh. Otherwise, it's a nice alternative to Chil-fil-A or Popeyes in the area.Affordable, tasty, great sauce selection. 1 pound of dark meat strips, 2 sauces and a fountain soda was under $10. New go to in a pinch!They charge for ketchup. First time in my lifetime seeing a place charge for condiments. 
Chicken tenders were tasty. Mac and cheese was kind of sloppy and burnt. 
And you can't just get a cup of water. 
Interesting place....Personally believe that the fried chicken tastes better than the university city one. Had chickens by weight the night they open up and it's so good. Having the southern sandwich today and this stuff is MASSIVE! It's very heavy so the buns are a bit thin to hold it, the sauce is sweet, the chicken can get a little bit less crispy in the sandwich. But still, I like the taste of it and ppl are very nice and welcoming :)Five stars because the chicken fingers are among the best I've had. I wish the sauces were free (they have several unusual flavors, and getting a small array would be enjoyable, but each costs an extra $.50.) But when a place has near-perfect chicken, you don't nitpick.I was given a business card by one of the owners. I decided to try the place out the following day. Been there twice in one week. 
Food: Chicken tenders are really good, chicken pot pie was good, biscuits are good. Mac and cheese was good on my first visit, second visit mac & cheese was okay. Wings are okay (stick with the tenders).
Dessert: Brownie was okay, cookie tarte was hard, tasteless and old.
Plus: The beer selection here is better than some of the bars in Center City.Wonderful staff and amazing eats for late night! Stumbled in here late night and was graciously taken care of by both Takina and Tay. ALSO, stellar craft beers that are amazingly cheap! Solid date or hang out spot 8-)The woman who waited on me was wonderful..  No complaints about the service.  The food was mediocre at best.  Breading was way too salty.  Chicken wings had tough meat.  Food sits under heat lamps, and is over-priced.  And they charge for tiny potions of dipping sauce.Chicken and mac and cheese, the mac and  cheese was unique with a lot of different flavors in it. was very good! But the best part was Annie, the girl at the counter! She was upbeat and fun! Excellent customer service skillsThis is my place, was in Philly for a week and went twice, the first time it was late after a couple of beers and the best drag show I have ever seen, the second time I decided to come sober just to make sure the chicken was as good as I remembered it being. It was. I love chicken tenders and dipping sauces, and this place is definitely the best at that- but even better because their soda on tap and beer selection. 
Oh, and I forgot to mention the Mac n cheese-it's to die for. Oh -and the biscuit with their homemade honey butter. Everything was amazing honestly....down to the service, the nice folks there gave us a cookie because they forgot something on our order, and the cookie was amazing as well. Really great food, open late, with exceptional service and cleanliness, really don't know what's not to like.Had the B.L.T. Very flavorful. Biscuits to die for. Arnold Palmer was not strong an I loved it. Good for big groups bar table seating. Staff very pleasant.Definitely will not return. Food was expensive. Mexican sandwich was sweet? Biscuit is very not how a biscuit should be. Chicken tender is very dry and bland. Charged for sauce. I guess only my bottled beer was great, but even that could not save my $30 experience for a little bit of food.Pretty awesome. Best thing I've had in a while. I'm usually a white meat only person. The dark meat tender were so good!Best drunk food around.
Chicken? yes. Mac n'cheese? yes.
Eat all your feelings.So the food here is pretty effing good. Evrey thing from the chicken to the mack and cheese  is amazing. It's not an extensive menu so I've had everything. The dark meet probably their best. It's a solid go to. Their sandwiches are pretty good too. The reason that I'm giving it 3 stars is because of their service. When you go to wishbone you either A. live around the area, or more likely B. Are wasted in the gayborhood and need some food ASAP. B is the more likely scenario. And unfortunately you're going to be in for a bit of a wait. The issue is that the staff is pretty slow. Like brutally slow. And they get slammed with customers and online orders to the point where you want to strangle someone you're so hungry. But the food is amazing. Truly amazing.The item here is the mac n' cheese. It's really a cross between mac n cheese and hamburger helper with that being said it is delicious. The jalapeno cheddar cornbread is tasty and it's a nice portion. I recommend having it with the honey butter that they have. 
Super cool after the party spot.Ordered take out, super fresh and delicious chicken salad! Very friendly and nice staff. The pastries looks amazing, everything is house made.