I haven't event gotten my food yet but standing here waiting for my fresh noodles already has me in a great mood. What a refreshingly positive bunch of employees!  It's my first time here and they've been so helpful and patient.  Every person in the place has a smile on their face and seem to genuinely enjoy the job they're doing. 
Ok, just took my first bite and this place is also taste-test approved! Delicious and overall wonderful experience... What more can anyone ask for?Another random gem we found in philly! We were going shopping one afternoon and got hungry around 2pm so stopped in since it was on our way and because we're both big fans of noodles. We saw average reviews so were skeptical until we saw the 30% off if you check in on yelp coupon! (Tip: check in) 
Food: We ordered a large make your own wok order - lo mein noodles with the tropicali sauce (spicy, beware - the bf and I had gone through 4 glasses of water each by the end of this meal) with mushrooms, onions, and peppers. This dish was so delicious - each bite had life and flavor to it and we were so sad to see it finish (definitely NOT sharing next time). The dish is about $10 without the coupon and only $7 when you check in - what a steal. The large is pretty big in size and can be saved for a second meal / snack for later. 
This place was infinitely better than HoneyGrow which is another noodle bar that I went to but was not impressed with at all. Wokworks is definitely worth checking out! Can't wait to try their other dishes.I do love me some wokworks as does everyone I work with. The make your own stir fry is always on point and the edamame dumplings are perfect. It's a nice portion for the price and this is our go to at my center city job. Highly recommend!I would actually give this about 3.5 stars. It is okay, but nothing memorable.
One pro that you get a good amount of food for the price (I live in Rittenhouse and local Thai/Chinese places can be somewhat expensive). I got the soba noodles with chicken (they were out of brocolli) and the green curry sauce. The chicken was chewy and overcooked and the sauce lacked the nice flavor of Thai green curries. However for a quick takeout place it is good in a pinch.
I'm willing to go there and try something else because their menu is varied and I really like the idea of being able to choose what I put on there. Maybe I went on an off night.I was really disappointed by this. Looks and smells great from outside, but not only was my dish one-note and forgettable in flavor, there was sand or grit in every bite!!! Not sure which ingredient it came from (maybe the cilantro), but it made my whole order inedible. Definitely give this a miss and go for Honeygrow.I've been a regular customer at Wok Works for a few months now. What I enjoy the most about my experience here is being able to custom make my dishes, they even cook it in water rather than oil per my request. What makes the experience even more enjoyable is Stacey's amazing customer service, she never seizes to greet with a huge smile on her face! I highly recommend this restaurant for a sit down or carry out lunch or dinner. Try sitting outside, it's very nice!I don't often write reviews.  I actually just finished my dinner from Wokworks and realized it's becoming a "go to" place for me.  I'm pretty boring, I order from my eat24 app and generally just keep reordering the same thing.  I change up every now and then.  I got the short wok with Wok noodles and the pepper sauce and it was just right.  I just noticed that I always take a side of siracha and a side of soy sauce home just incase.....but I almost never need it.  It's just spicy enough and the sweetness is just right.  They are always friendly and my order is always ready for me.  I've never eaten in, but the interior is nice and airy.  Overall...really good food, the price is very fair and the service is fast and friendly.  Can't ask for much more than that.I was craving pad thai and my favorite place was closed, so I figured this would be the next best thing. I had the chow fun noodles with chicken, broccoli, peanut sauce and crispy noodles as the topping. I like the concept of building your own dish. It was a bit spicier than I expected (I'm a spice wimp), but good none the less. The small portion was big enough to feed me for two meals.We had ordered two different vegetarian woks and had mentioned we don't do eggs. Upon opening the boxes at home we saw a huge egg sitting on both our noodles. So we called them and ordered again. They apologized and didn't agree to accept payment for the replacement order. We were impressed and went back home to enjoy the new meal, only to find bits and pieces of fried egg scattered all over the noodles which were not very conspicuous. We were so disappointed with the negligence shown by these people after we asked them a million times if they had made sure there was no egg in the new order.WokWorks worked for me! The big idea: food made fast that's not fast food. In other words: In the time it takes to get a BigMac, instead you can have a nice of bowl of freshly stir-fried chaofen (chow fun) noodles with chicken, fresh bean sprouts and plenty of spicy sauce. That was my favorite combo. But your order is highly customizable: you choose the noodle, the protein, the sauce, etc. 
The cuisine style is Asian fusion -- mostly Japanese & Chinese elements. I'm generally not a fan of this approach for practical reasons (it's hard enough to do one regional cuisine style right let alone a whole bunch of them) & ideological/political (does Asian fusion promote the tendency to treat Asian cultures as interchangeable?). I'm willing to give WokWorks some leeway here: the point isn't to make authentic Asian food in any particular style, but rather to use a great cooking technique (flash wok frying) and good ingredients (whatever the cultural background). It's not a deep cultural experience, but it's pretty tasty.
While the focus is on stir-frying, you should also check out the pork belly sandwiches served inside a slightly sweet steamed bun. Yum.Went here the other night. A good, fast option for dining in center city. Perfect place to go for a lunch that won't break your wallet. Good food, good quantity, friendly and quick service. Just the right amount of options, not too overwhelmed with choices but not limiting either. Could use some more drink options however the slushy they offer is awesome! I will definitely be coming back.This place is great. Staff is awesome, Stacy is outgoing and makes you feel quite welcome at this place. Food is well prepared and always hot. Ingredients fresh, full of flavorI went to Wokworks for the third or fourth time today and I don't think I'll ever return. I love the concept behind the restaurant, it's like a cheap honeygrow. The food is cooked well but the sauces are terrible. I have tried most of them and while it's possible I just haven't found the one for me I think it's safe to say they are all bland or too intense. The teriyaki, green curry, general tso, and umami sesame ginger are all lacking in flavor while the pepper Szechuan sauce is overpowering and tastes like nothing except pepper. If you insist on trying this place out I would recommend asking them to add a little bit of the Szechuan with whatever sauce you choose to give it some flavor.
I ordered two short woks-for me and a friend-and only received enough utensils, soy sauce/siracha, and napkins for one person. I was a little annoyed because the lady packing the pack asked me if I needed utensils, etc and I responded in the affirmative.
Today I changed my noodles from the signature (lo mein) to the chow fun (flat rice) noodle. I liked the noodles but noticed there was no sauce in my dish. It was actually pretty good but it was incredibly dry and I knew I would not be able to finish it as is. I called Wokworks to let them know my dish was sauceless and ask for some sauce to pour over it. The guy on the phone offered to remake my dish and I accepted thinking it was company policy to simply remake dishes. However less than a minute later he called me back angrily saying he had put sauce on my dish and telling me if I wanted extra sauce I should have just asked for it. I told him I had originally called for extra sauce and that would be fine with me. Obviously I didn't need a remake I just needed it to be less dry. 
The three times I called (once to place an order but I was hung up on, again to place the order and  the third time to get sauce) I was placed on hold by at least two people. And when I first began talking the lady working cut me off and told me to hold again. Why pick up if you're not available to talk?
When my friend went to pick up the sauce they handed her two containers of sauce and were about to send her on her way before someone stopped her and gave her a bag. The whole experience was unpleasant. If I want stir fry next time I'll just walk the extra blocks to honeygrow where I'll be guaranteed good food and good service.This is a pretty good Asian place. The staff was friendly and the food came out rather quickly. Definitely would recommend.Wok works is one of my favorite spots in the city! Everything about this place is awesome! I eat here pretty often, I love how you can make your own bowl and each time that I come my food is always so fresh and tasteful! My Favorite sauce mix is the oyster mixed with the spicy pepper sauce. The customer service here is great as well, everyone is always so friendly and helpful! I also love how you can order online and when it's ready you can just come pick it up and go! Love love love , this place! If you haven't already tried wok works, you should ASAP!!!Killer customer service. Had a bad experience yesterday and left a review. They called me almost immediately after the review and offered a complimentary meal to make up for the experience and change my perspective. Definitely did right by me and the food was great this time. Had the chicken bao buns and crispy pork dumplings and both were done very well but I did like the dumplings more. They tossed in a couple of extras, including chocolate covered fortune cookies, some kind of fried chip, almost like tortilla strips, and I believe it was a hibiscus tea which was very good. All in all a good experience and I will definitely return and recommend the place to friends. Shout out to Irene for doing a great jobThis was probably the best wok experience I've had. I ordered online to the food cart on JFK blvd and it was perfect!  They emailed to confirm the order and then emailed me when it was ready, which was right when it was scheduled for pickup! The food was amazing, and a very good portion!  I'll be saving at least half for lunch tomorrow!  Very good experience!I am glad that Wokworks adds a great option of quick healthy Chinese food in the neighborhood. They have very good price and the portion size is good. They have a lot of great promotions sent to my phone, which makes the deals even better. I generally find their sauce to be on the sour side and sometimes there is too much sauce in the noodles, which makes the noodles slightly too soggy. I love their option of Hong Kong style noodles. I definitely will go back.Not bad. Like many pick-your-own food establishments, you stare at the menu for too many minutes pondering the numerous permutations you could have the person behind the counter create. I settled finally on a short wok (i.e. small order) of Hong Kong stir-fried noodles, steak, mushrooms, and crispy shallots with the pearlmaker oyster sauce. The combination was nothing awe-inspiring but was solidly yummy and a good portion size. I also had a spicy fried chicken bun which was absolutely worth the mess of sriracha mayo dripping down my hands! I'd come back for the buns, and the noodles only if I was craving Asian noodles and couldn't make it to Chinatown.This is the best place to eat variety of noodles. Not like Noodles & Company scam. Must visit place while in Philadelphia.The BamBam Steak is great, and the ingredients are always fresh and crisp. No soggy, overcooked broccoli here.Wokworks is a pleasant addition to the Philadelphia food scene. The owner and staff were great and super cool to speak with. The idea of quick, hot, fresh ingredients, cooked on the wok is perfect for the hustle and bustle of downtown Philly. The BBQ pork belly buns had a nice flavor and the edamame dumplings are excellent and a must try. Take my advice and try the Kelvin Citrus tea slush which is a perfect warm weather drink. The owner also recommends bringing in your own alcohol and putting a splash in the slushy.  I tried it with vodka and I must say I agree!!This place is phenomenal. The food is quick and so so so delicious. I had the blackgold sauce with shrimp and absolutely loved it!!! The customer service was very friendly and I even got to meet the young owner Brennan (I think that was his name). Anyways, the young entrepreneur seems to be heading in the right direction with a healthy take on a quick lunch. 
Highly recommended for anyone who needs a nice place to cool down and listen to some hip music this summertime.GF options always good! The green beans, cabbage, crispy tofu, and rice noodles were really fresh. Tossed well with the Tropical is Sauce pretty Sweet/Spicy.
Excellent Customer Service today!First time there.
Build your own---got it to go,  came in a box.
Kid on the wok was too heavy on the oil , bit too light on the green curry.
Next time I will be specific.
I have to agree that staff  behind the register was very friendly and helpful.Love that this place is here!!!  It's a very simple and  fun concept of stir frys and wok specialties.  They have  tofu options and a veggie friendly atmosphere.  The staff here knows what can be made vegan and are happy to execute pretty much anything you could ask for.   They also tote a fun BYOB tag  at the door - and even though for me wokworks  would be more of a lunch spot - i could see myself stopping by here after a spin class for dinner.
Note the miso soup has fish in it and I got the pepper sauce which I was told was vegan but I would double check if you're ordering a different one. 
There are many spice options from mild to very spicy and they can accommodate all ends of the spectrum which is great when going out with friends. 
The line moves very fast - and everyone is attentive and upbeat.  
Overall I would like to pop in here more often and take advantage of all the tofu / vegan options.
Yelp check in rt now gets you free miso soup btwFood poisoned by this place. I woke up sick in the middle of the night and into the next morning. My shrimp was undercooked, I didn't realize until I got home. I was so hungry that I ate it anyway. Should have know based on color and texture. I'm only giving the second star because at least the cashier was polite.ordered general tso's chicken from their cart located at 15th and JFK. The people were nice BUT the chicken was overdone and flavorless. Never ordering from there again.I ordered delivery tonight and received 1 entree with burnt shallots and a side of brussels sprouts that were burnt to shit (posted picture..notice the other sprouts pics that do not look like what I received).  I called the restaurant for a refund because I'm not paying for burnt food and what I was told was that it was impossible to burn the sprouts because they were deep fried.  Meanwhile I'm staring at some black sprouts and burnt "crispy shallots" that made my entree inedible.  This place is a joke.  I know this sounds like rocket science but maybe...just maybe someone left the sprouts in the fryer too long and that's how they got burnt.  And maybe that same person burnt the "crispy shallots" too.  Mind blown!  I would never recommend or go back.I've been going to Wokworks for years but I must say I have really been enjoying their food much more these days. It seems as if the quality of their food has improved. They started sending discount codes to my email more recently and I began taking advantage of the offers. I used to custom make my own but after trying their Drunken Noodles I am Hooked. The portions are generous, the veggies are fresh, and the overall dish is just so delicious to me. Also, whenever I go I am always greeted by a friendly face. Keep up the good work Wokworks!Ordered from here for the first time last weekend and was disappointed to say the least.
I built my own bowl with lo mein noodles, a few veggies and a sauce that was SO incredibly spicy, I could not eat more than a few bites of my meal. It was the Tropicalia sweet and spicy sauce and unless you want to chug a few beers to tame the spiciness, I don't recommend it at all. I can't tolerate all spicy things and maybe it was my fault for not looking up what sambal is (chili peppers), but no way did I think it would overpower the bowl like it did. Even my boyfriend who loves spicy everything could barely eat it. After reading some other reviewers, it seems like the majority of their spices are way on the spicy side. Guess I should have looked here first!
I ordered through Caviar and it said it would take 40-60 minutes to be delivered which was fine, but I didn't expect to get a call from the Caviar delivery driver 30 minutes after I ordered saying he was at Wokworks but they didn't start my order yet. It was a Sunday night, I can't imagine they were too busy. He then had to hand the phone to one of the employees because they were out of one of the veggies I ordered, squash. The employee did not seem happy to talk to me, especially after I asked her to repeat the options because she spoke too fast the first time. Talk about great customer service.
My boyfriend ordered the Spicy Crunchy Chicken Wok and he liked it, wasn't wowed. I tried it as well and liked it although we both agreed there should have been more chicken added.
Thumbs down for both food and customer service.I love this place. It's kind of tucked away but I'm glad I found it while touring my hood. The crispy spinach dumplings w/ chipotle mayo for dipping is delicious, service is fast, staff is friendly, it's cozy and not too packed, LOVE the chalk board in the bathroom. Great spot!!!!!!!We ordered 100 people's worth of catering from these guys, which is intimidating to a lot of restaurants, and they pulled it off with flying colors.
You get a very generous amount of food per portion, and it arrived fresh and hot. They also set it all up for us, and the manager came to oversee the process. 
The food itself is good, especially if you're trying to go lighter. The veggies aren't in sauce, and the chicken we had seemed pretty healthy. You also have the option of brown rice, which not all places offer. 
Definitely recommend them for catering.Very good.  We get to pick our own Base, Meat, Toppings, and Sauce. Of course we went with what we already knew. But the Small Bowl is PLENTY of food.  Definitely worth heading out to.Yelp reviews said I should check this place out for lunch so I showed up with my trusty lunch partner.  
The place is in an excellent location in Center City.  The dining room is small but most people took it to go.   We did not have an issue finding a table for two.
The food came out quick and was dropped off at the table by one of the staff.  I was expecting longer wait due to other reviews but it was fine for me.
My friend had the "make your own" type special.  She picked Brown rice  Crispy tofu  Broccoli   Boc choy with Egg.  It was really tasty (never had tofu before).  
She tried my Chicken Teriyaki and enjoyed it.  I enjoyed my meal too but it SO MUCH rice  - more than half the bowl (see my pic).   I ended up tossing a lot of the rice out because it was too much.  Wish it had more chicken to match up with the rice portion.     
I might go back and try the lo mein instead.Seriously tasty quick lunch. I've had most things on the menu and they've all been great. Friendly staff too! 
I would recommend trying this place if you want a more authentic stir fry than Honey Grow!Tasted their food twice, too spicy I'm afraid for me and my familys taste. Two times not being able to finish eating the food.. We did't even order food  that was marked as "spicy". So, if you like it hot, this is the place! Very friendly staff.Spicy noodles to order!  Great service, and the BBQ port belly bun was to die for!I just tried wokworks for the first time and I am a fan! Seems like lots of other people are as well because it was hopping. Once you figure it out, ordering isn't as complicated as it looks. They use a build-your-own style with lots of noodle, protein, veggie, and sauce options, very similar to Honeygrow. Very casual yet chic interior, but there isn't a whole lot of seating inside so plan accordingly if you want to dine in. My food was brought over to the table after I sat down and I could already tell it was going to be great. I opted for wok noodles with crispy tofu and the (very spicy) pepper sauce. The veggies were fresh and the sauce was very tasty - just have some water nearby if you go with this option! It did seem like my dish was a little oily, not sure if this was from the fried tofu or the base of the sauce. But that was really the only negative, I'm looking forward to coming back and trying other combinations!I wouldn't give this place more than 2 stars because their food is bland. I've been twice already. The first time by accident I stumbled upon it and just was curious to try. 
Both times I've had their wok noodles with the sauces. Today I got wok noodles with the pepper sauce and I told them it was bland and tasteless (hoping they would add more seasoning/spices..nope!) 
They have a great location for anyone who wants a quick bite but they really need to step up their game competing with Jane G's and Honeygrow. Their prices are not worth $8 for the short wok.
I'm really disappointed.
If you must go, get the edamame dumplings with the siracha sauce and skip the noodles.Good food for a reasonable price. The chicken teriyaki is a strong choice, and the jalapeño Brussels sprouts are fantastic. Staff is exceptionally nice and always very attentive and helpful. A great place for a quick good meal at a reasonable price. I will definitely be back in the future!Seriously fresh Asian fusion food. Great taste, good value and clean, nicely fitted out restaurant. Very satisfying meal.Unfortunately, the steak in my partner's stir fry the last couple of times was chewy and tough, not like the tender pieces I had the first few times I was there. Did you change your steak? It used to be angus beef. The shrimp was good. I'm not a fan of the new ordering format with the short and tall bowls. Just let us choose up to 3 veggies for each bowl. What additional cost is there to give us one veggie versus a little less of each of 3 veggies?Wokworks is only okay in my book. I've come here twice and got two different combinations and found both to be mediocre. Growing up with authentic and delicious asian food, maybe I'm biased and prefer the more traditional dishes. 
Anyhow, to enhance the dining experience, Wokworks should really consider  using different take out plates/bowls, instead of the doggy box they currently use. the doggy boxes are really difficult to eat out of.When I grab something for lunch, the two things I want most out of it is to be quick and tasty. For me Wokworks satisfied both!
I'll agree that if you go there and place your order you may be waiting a bit longer than you may want (as some of the other reviewers have noted), but this is easily mitigated by ordering online ahead of time (which was super easy to do). They text you when your order is ready, so all I had to do was show up and pick it up. Talk about convenient!
The food itself was very tasty! I ordered the general cheng's chicken. The chicken was crispy, the broccoli was fresh, and the sauce was delicious, in the right portions, and had a decent amount of spice. A lime on the side to go with it was the right touch! On top of it being very good, the portion sizes were large enough to keep me satisfied.
I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of what their menu has to offer!The noodles were delicious and filling for the price! I really enjoyed the atmosphere (chalk wall in the bathroom, heck yeah).This was my first time at this place and I have to say that it was pretty good. I've passed by this place for the almost four years that I've worked in the area. The outside is a little deceiving. I had a craving for rice, veggies and meat and wanted to try something different so I decided to finally give this place a try. The ambiance inside of this place is really nice! I created my own rice bowl that included brown rice, chicken, brussel sprouts, broccoli, Thai basil, with sweet and spice sauce. It was so good! I also ordered iced black tea which I was skeptical about because they told me that although there is no additional sugar added, it is sweet. They let me taste it first (a plus) and it is in fact sweet. I'm not sure how exactly, but I have heard that authentic teas are sweet on there own, but...that's just what I've heard, I wouldn't take that to the bank and try to cash it or anything. I withheld a star because when I came in, the way that the restaurant is set up, I was thinking that you order from the guys who actually cook the food, and make your choices as you go down the line with your food and pay at the register which was at the end (I was the only customer at the time), however you just go to the cashier and order and she passes the order on to the cooks. Well...instead of the cooks saying that (they saw me standing there waiting to be acknowledged), they just ignored me and continued to talk. The cashier finally called out "I can help you whenever you're ready." That was slightly irritating, along with a comment another cashier made about a competing restaurant in the area...which happens to be a favorite of mine. However, with all of that said, I'd definitely eat here again.The Wokworks rocks!   I had the most wonderful soba noodles with tofu, string beans (French) mushrooms, bok choi topped with cilantro and a sort of tamari sauce and I was in heaven.  All four of us agreed that that this was the most delicious lunch we've had since we were in Bangkok!  we'll be back!We tried this place again hoping that they had worked out the kinks after 4 months. Nope. They still take forever, it tasted like there wasn't even any sauce in the stir fry, and on top of that they forgot to put the pork bun we ordered in our bag. Overpriced, slow, and not tasty. This place should be closed soon.I've been here a few times now and it reminds me a lot of Honeygrow, The food has always been on point and I feel like you get more for your money here as well as more options. Definitely one of my new favorite spots.I had Wok Works delivered (via Dining In) and it was the highlight of my day.  The food was fresh, hot and delicious.  
At first, I didn't think the "little" container was going to fill me up, but to my surprise I had leftovers.  
The chicken was all white meat, the sauce was sweet and spicy (as described), and all-in-all, it was a very filling, yet light, meal.
This will definitely be on my rotation for lunches in the future, especially if I am in the neighborhood.  If it was that good delivered, I can only imagine how good it will be on location.I am really impressed with this place. The first time I had it was about 2 weeks ago on my birthday. I convinced my coworkers to order with me and have it delivered. Normally they do not cross the river to deliver over by Penn where we work, but they kindly agreed to deliver to us given the size of our order. The delivery was SO fast- within 45 minutes- and everything was correct. We all enjoyed our meals so much. They portions are huge and all the ingredients are so fresh and don't leave you feeling bloated by all the sodium, etc from other asian restaurants. My coworkers loved it so much they all demanded we order again today and the service and delivery was just as good as the last time! Thanks, Wok Works!The staff is so nice! Walked in and was greeted immediately. The stir fry and crispy dumplings were amazing. They pride themselves on farm to fork and you can really taste it. The girl that helped me was delightful and recommended the pearlmaker/pepper sauce (a mix of both) which was deliciousss. Definitely a must trythis is my guilty pleasure spot. love the fresh noodles in the stir fry and the sauces. service is great and wether you order online or in person its a great experience. yummy!boss at work wanted to treat the staff to lunch. we normally do vetri, but decided that we wanted to mix it up a little and do something different. a coworker and i walked by this spot one day and grabbed a menu, so we landed on wokworks for lunch. 
we all ordered individual plates and shared some spinach dumplings. i wasn't sure what to expect from the dumplings but i was surprised. they are pretty delicious...even with the peanut sauce. i would've opted for the spicy sauce but we were sharing and one of our coworkers doesn't do spicy. she's crazy. lol
everyone seemed to enjoy what they had. they have pre-decided and build your own options. you choose your base of rice, noodles or quinoa, then build with protein and veggies. they have a good selection of options like brown vs white rice, soba noodles vs lo mein, etc. i landed on a pre-decided option of flat rice noodles, beef, and veggies with bok choy added. unfortunately, they messed up my order and mine only...sigh...so i didn't get the flat noodles but what appeared to be thin egg noodles? and no bok choy. even though we were charged for it. feh.
well, it's def a white man's chinese joint...not that that's necessarily bad. just don't expect authentic lol it was ok. i'd stop by again if i felt like it.If you're in the area and want some high quality, fast and fresh asian food - this is your best bet.  The biggest compliment I probably have for them is their online ordering system - major kudos.  It was easy to select and customize the various options, submit your order and select a method for getting an update when your food is ready.  I arrived when it said to and my food was hot and ready to go.
Food-wise, this place has some seriously yummy stuff.  I got a bowl with soba noodles, chicken, roasted brussel sprouts and a few other veggies and it was in a light teriyaki sauce - boom.  SO SO good.  I also decided to try to the fried chicken bao buns.  I'm a major fan of steamed buns and these didn't disappoint.  The chicken could have been a bit warmer but the sauces were delicious (spicy mayo and some tropical kind).  I split with a buddy who got them too and we shared to try each flavor.  One note, however, is this place isn't cheap (hence the 4-stars).  The steam buns were $7.50 with two in an order.  The soba bowl was ~$10.00.  After tax it set me back $18 which in my opinion is a heft price tag for lunch.  That said, this place is great and I'll be returning.Holly smokes!!! This was an absolutely amazing lunch. I got the quinoa with wild caught shrimp, portobello mushrooms, and bengal sauce. Extremely fresh ingredients, bright flavors with perfectly light and healthy feel. A+++++Amazing customer service ! I forgot to get the girls name who took my pick up order for dumplings but I didn't want fried at all.. She went out of her way to steam them herself !! Apparently they only steam them
 On Wednesdays  
And they were amazing!! Best dumplings I've had in a while ! 
She's always so friendly and helpful. 
And it
Doesn't hurt that the noodle chips are to die for.. LolThis place is poppin' fresh like pillsbury. I got the wok noodles with the tropicali, jalapenos and hot peppers - their spiciest combination. It was not extremely spicy for the daring out there but it was definitely spicy at an enjoyable level, complementing the flavor. The ingredients are fresh and are prepared by people with experience.
Things are done right here as opposed to other stir fry joints that attempt to imitate the craft. Wok Works is a relaxing place with good music, vibes, cleanliness and staff that reflects everything good about a restaurant. Wednesdays, they serve yuenglings 5-10. You know I'll be there. Shoutouts to Stacy(Stacie), Irene, and co!!!First time here. Stopped in for a quick lunch. Friendly service. I ordered a custom wok bowl with rice noodles, steak, Brussels sprouts, snap peas, scallions, and oyster sauce. I love beef chow fun when I order it Chinese restaurants so I was curious how a variation of it would be here. It's tasty but too salty.Good concept, bad execution. Portions are small for the price and like others mentioned ingredients are bland and sauces are nothing to write home about. Staff is friendly, but that's about all this place as going.There are other great places for noodles in town. This isn't one for the vegetarians. Custom ordered two vegetarian dishes and they got both of them wrong! Sent it back and they corrected the order but found a piece of chicken in the Lo Mein! 
Not coming back here!I ate at wok works for their free food tasting yesterday. It was delicious! I went with a few friends and we all ordered different things. Everyone was equally pleased. I got quinoa with tofu and bok choy and the peanut sauce. There were great options on the menu - it was difficult to choose. My meal was really flavorful and the portion size was bigger than i expected. I loved the idea of being able to create your own dish. The decor was great as well. Perfect for an easy & healthy lunch or dinner.  I am super excited for this place to finally open!Went here because Thai Singha House wasn't taking cards and I was too lazy to walk to TD. Thought I'd try this place and get my Asian fix. I ordered quinoa with shrimp and chicken and the szechuan pepper sauce. Suffice it to say it was lackluster at best. I know this isn't Han Dynasty but for all the gesticulations of cooking I anticipated a MUCH better tasting meal. Ended up picking out the chicken and shrimp eating a few veggies and tossing the rest. Quite a waste for $14.50.I ordered chicken rice bowl and wasn't pleased at all. The sweet and spicy sauce is so f*cking hot it over powered the whole bowl. I have no problem eating spicy but this was ridiculous. I could only eat a few bites. There was nothing impressive about this bowl. Going to shove my lips in the freezerI went here in November, around when Wok Works first opened.  The service was awful.  My noodles were undercooked and slimey, and this was our second order, following a mix up in the first order.  Really not worth the money, which is quite expensive for such a simple restaurant with poor service.30 minutes for a stir fry?  They should have taken the time to do some serious training before opening for biz.  The food is ok, but their closing will come soon after their opening if they don't get it together quickly.  Prices are a bit high.  Chicken, rice, 3 veggies for $12.  Seating is very limited.  Not sure I'll be back.Ate here on their opening day and try to go back every time I am in Philly, they keep getting better and better. The fried chicken buns are insane but I usually get the wok bowls. Spicy pepper chicken or a mix of the spicy and peanut sauces. Wish they had this as a lunch option near where I work!Tried this place for the first time yesterday, and I'm pretty sure I'll be back. I got the ramen noodles with Tofu and a spicy sauce (2 peppers on the board) and it was really tasty. The spice level was just perfect. The place is new, so I'm assuming they have a few kinks to work out. Service was a bit slow, and there was a minor flood in the place yesterday when I went in (no lie, this actually happened) but the show must go on. 4 stars for Wokworks.Really quality ingredients and super friendly staff. Love that they make seasonal changes to the menuI expected a lot more flavor. I had the tall wok with shrimp, broccoli, green beans, and szechuan sauce. Tasted really bland when I was finishing it up. Nice vibe to the place though.I don't know what's up with these guys. I've been here two times. I didn't have a good experience the first but figured I'd try again. 
The second time, they weren't busy by any stretch (3 other people were there) but it still took them 15 to start cooking my food. When they brought it, they forgot the drink, and forgot to put beef in the main dish, so they had to remake it. When I finally got my food it was terrible! Don't go here.I had the chance to try Wokworks again, and my service was much more prompt. I ordered online through their website on a Friday afternoon and my order was to be done in 20 minutes. This left me plenty of time to run an errand on the way, or so I thought. Within 10 minutes, I was texted that my order was ready for pickup. I still look 20 minutes to arrive, after completing my errand. I was able to walk in past the line of 7 or 8 people gazing up at the menu to pick up my prepaid order. 
On this occasion, there were more employees working and the restaurant was buzzing. I am impressed how the service improved. I will be returning for lunches and have plans to check out the Wednesday Happy Hour in the next few weeks. 
I'd like to thank the owner, Brennan, for reaching out and encouraging me to give WokWorks another try. I always appreciate owns/ management that go above and beyond for customer service. I have already recommended WokWorks to several co- workers looking to change up their usual take- out routine.Solid fast food. I've had the chicken with both brown rice and egg noodles. I have also tried the spicy BBQ sauce as well as the spicy pepper sauce. Personally I like the BBQ better.  Good quick lunch spot and they also deliver.Walked in at 8:30 and they were already closing up shop even though they close at 9.  Ordered tall dish for a couple bucks more, and the bowl wasn't even full.  They also messed up the ingredients in the order.  Additionally, for items such as bok choy, you get literally 2 or 3 tiny pieces of it in your entire bowl.  Plenty of better options nearby, although a credit business idea.Best "fast food" stir fry ever. This place is a serious gem and I will be going back. ALWAYS. I've been here quite a few times now and the entrees are satisfying. I haven't gotten any of the sides yet. The crispy tofu was stale one time I went, but it was still edible and the green curry sauce masked the taste. 
Calling Stacey out because apparently she gets $20 every time someone mentions her in a Yelp review! She is super sweet, along with all the other employees there. 
Great bang for your buck! Highly recommended.For their first-ever lunch shift, I was very impressed with Wokworks. If you have a tight lunch hour, you might want to wait a week or so until the staff really nails down their wok work flow- like any new fast/casual food business, these things take time. It took 25 minutes for me to get my stir-fry, but I did not mind. The place was packed. 
Pick your carb, your protein, your veggie and sauce. I got brown rice with tofu, broccoli and pepper sauce for $9. Each stir-fry includes cabbage, bean sprouts, egg and carrot. You get a ton of food.
The pepper sauce was spicy, with a kick of sweetness I wasn't expecting. The best part? No globs of congealed sauce or uneven distribution of flavor. For stir-fry, it was light and delicious! 
I'll definitely be back.
P.S. Angela S- I was at Honeygrow the day they opened, too. The place was just as crowded, and I waited for my salad there just as long as I waited today. Same goes for HipCityVeg. It's all gonna be okay, lady.I dined on Monday, November 20 at 11:30 AM. 
Service (4/5): The staff was friendly and helpful with needs. My wife wanted a courtesy cup of water and the manager was helpful with keeping her hydrated. The counter staff made suggestions while we were trying to choose between sauces for our meal combinations. The staff was obviously working hard and doing their best to be accurate, efficient, and fast. Even during the rush they were still delivering food orders to tables which is unusual for most QSRs. 
Atmosphere: (2/5): The place is brand new and has a slick decor that is clean and simplistic. Seating in the place is a bit cramped with not much space between the two-tops. The other option is to sit at the bar facing the wall. This is not entirely their fault since they are making due with the space of the building, however with a packed lunch crowd it is close to sitting on top of each other. 
Menu (4/5): The big display board with the menu is pretty straight forward and easy to follow. Making selections from each column to create your own masterpiece is a lot more clear in writing (compared to say a Qdoba which uses the bain marie more to communicate fillings). 
Food (3/5): The protein in my dish was under seasoned. My guess is that the sauce is supposed to supplement seasoning, but if this is the intention it is not being executed correctly. The food was still tasty and a fair value for my money. 
Overall (3/5): The food and value were good and the service was better than par. This is an upgrade from mall food court Chinese, on par with Mexican QSRs like Qdoba and Chipotle, and a down grade from dim sum in Chinatown. It sits somewhere right in the middle and I doubt I will find myself craving food from this particular restaurant, but I can imagine revisiting if I was in the right place at the right time.Nice spot to grab a quick bite to eat.
I ordered Soba + Chicken + Bok Choy + Bengal. 
Pros: Portioned well for a late afternoon lunch meant to hold me over for dinner. Spicy and seasoned just right for my taste. Friendly staff. 
Cons: Pricey. Smaller dining area (great for a few people, but it could get cramped quickly). 
Hoping: They extend their hours so I can make this my late night place.Tried it for the first time this past Friday ....So good that we came back again the following Tuesday!