Go. Enjoy a tasty cocktail. Loved the arugula drink and another with cucumber.Good luck finding a seat. Very narrow building. Excellent friendly service. Stylish decor. Has large open windows to let the outdoors in.I went to Writer's Block with a friend at 7:30pm on a Friday. The space is small but there are three separate floors, so we were seated immediately. I enjoyed the atmosphere which was very casual and relaxed, (and allowed me to actually hear what the person next to me was saying), so overall I'd say it's a good space to have a quiet drink or to start out a night. 
We each ordered one drink while we were there. I ordered a cocktail with earl grey and ginger (which our waiter claimed was the sweetest drink on the menu) and my friend ordered a cocktail with lime. I thought my cocktail was good but great, and certainly not very strong. His drink I was less excited about, (and unfortunately he felt similarly). The drinks are on the pricier side (similar to other cocktail bars and speakeasies in the city) which would be fine if the drinks were on par with those locations, but unfortunately they're just not as creative and not as strong.
I'd definitely come back with a friend who was interested in trying the place out, but I wouldn't rush back otherwise.Really cool spot in a hard to find alley. Super nice staff and creative drink menu. Three floors and an ultra-relaxed vibe. Well worth a late night drink stop.This is a really nice and original bar, but sadly, the manager is the rudest guy for being the front face of this place. He needs to learn bettery customer service in order to succeed in the restaurant field.This little gem off Juniper Street may not be the easiest place to find but it is definitely worth seeking out. The prices, to those unfamiliar with drink prices in the Midtown Village/Gayborhood area, may seem high but they truly are a bargain. Each carefully concocted concoction contains the best spirits and the fresh herbs and spices are sliced and diced in full view of the patrons. The quirky ambiance and colorful drink names are just more colorful garnish for that cocktail. Prepare yourself to experience a finely crafted cocktail.
P.S. Be sure to check out the 'library' and third floor bar - if they are open during your visit.My favorite place for drinks in Philly! The place itself is also very interesting, a different concept and nice atmosphere! Intimate enough for a date, and roomy enough for a group of friends in the second floor. You're not gonna regret it!I stopped in on a late Sunday afternoon and snagged a seat at the bar. It was busy but not packed. 
The good: terrific service, killer playlist, chill vibes. 
The ok: my drink - I got the arugula martini ($12) and while good, just seemed overpriced for a 3oz serving. The size of my drink didn't resemble other pics of this martini on yelp so maybe it was an off day. 
The disappointment: the upstairs library was closed. What a bummer! I'd like to come back and check that space out (and hopefully add more stars to this review). I don't see a website or special hours listing anywhere online for the library so I'd probably call ahead to check or be content with moving on if I stopped in again and found it closed.This is a small venue with multiple floors. I was excited to try a new place near by (right off of Broad Street). The cocktails are very well-crafted and there is a great selection on the menu. The menus are in the front of various books (each one a different novel).
Given the prices for the cocktails, I did think this venue was too casual. I'd prefer a dressier place for the price tag.Very awesome themed bar!! The menus are in books, the mural is of a library, and the drinks' names are references. We sat upstairs, ordered drinks, and enjoyed the chill vibe.Writer's Block Rehab was fun and kitschy, but the food and drinks left a lot to be desired. The cocktails were priced similarly to some of the city's best cocktail joints (think One Tippling Place), and it seemed like they were trying to be adventurous and complex, but they mostly fell short.
The food was fine, but nothing to write home about. I'll probably try it again, since I live nearby, but I didn't love it the first time.Such a cute space! Very good vibes and cute concept. I only really looked at the cocktail menu, which ranged from $10-12. There are three floors, so plenty of space. Though I would say it's probably best to come with a group of 4-5 max because the space per floor isn't huge. The atmosphere is very intimate. Apparently it converts to a coffee shop in the day time too. Definitely will come back and check that out. They're adding food menu in a few weeks too.I thought the bartenders where pretentious and at the same time not well versed on their alcohol selection . Poor bourbon options. My Johnnie Sour was garnished with black pepper that distracted from more than completed the drink. 
Bottom line...this crew is pro new Coldplay.Our bartender, Rachel, was amazing. Great recommendations. Awesome conversation. We were headed to a show and she offered to play some songs from the band we were seeing. All around a fantastic experience. Even the other patrons were hospitable and entertaining.Nice ambient and set up. Each level is a different theme-bar. Cocktail is interesting, but of course, on expensive side.Interesting little space with creative cocktails in kind of an odd location....a small back alley type street in the Gayborhood section of the city. 
We came for late happy hour drinks before a date night out and to me this places seems (to me) like a before or after a night out, happy hour only type place. It's a nice relaxed spot to take a load off and catch up, but wouldn't personally be my destination for a night out. One drink and move on kind of deal. 
 I can imagine during a more prime time it would get pretty crowded here as it's rather tiny. Midweek when we arrived around 6 pm or so was perfect for avoiding the masses...the bar downstairs was actually semi full, the third floor 2-3 seat bar was empty and the second floor which is where you want to be in my opinion only had one other party. We took a seat by the window in the "library" on the indigo and white ikat love-seat. ((Drool)). We grabbed a game of Banana-grams to play while we sipped our cocktails and just hung out for a little while. It was relaxing. 
The entire writing theme is super adorable and carried throughout the entire space very nicely without being too much or cheesy. 
Cocktails were strong, priced fairly standard ($10-$15) and tasty. My husband's bourbon blackberry lime drink named "When In Drag" $12 was barely drinkable for me. More of a "sip-tail" if I ordered it, but he loved it. 
Torn between a few that contained bitters and shrubs which is totally my thing, I wound up going for a "Doctor's Order", also $12 which was vodka, prosecco, apple juice, Inspired Brews kombucha and sage. I would be lying if I said I didn't order this mainly stray from my norm because I wanted to taste kombucha used in a cocktail. It was perfect! Just enough sweet in the apple juice to balance the tart found in the vinegar taste of the fermented beverage, and the sweet fragrant sage leaf garnish was a simple nice touch. 
The bartenders were sweet and knowledgeable. 
I would come again for a casual drink like I said pre or post a night out if I was close by, but I'm not sure I would necessarily go out of my way to come back otherwise. I say try it if you're nearby. Glad to have finally crossed it off the bookmarks! Interesting and different.This place is adorable and the cocktails are strong and yummy. It's a tiny little place though and the seating is limited :(Was a really cool atmosphere. Even though the top two floors were closed for a private party, the staff (who I assume is the owner) tried his best to get us a seat outside. I had the Mint 75, which was wonderful. The music wasn't too loud and everyone was rather friendly. The menu is located in the front of books around the bar, but the rest of the book is a real book, so be mindful of that. Will definitely go back.A great intimate spot in Gayborhood/Wash Square West!
Came here on a Saturday night around 8pm. It's a narrow 3 story stand-alone building with seating on every level. We opted for the 2nd floor where there's waiter service and can accommodate the most number of people. Since it was early in the night we were able to get seated right away. I noticed there were many couples and small groups of friends here and there was a constant flow of patrons. 
The arugula martini is one of the best cocktails I've had in Philly, I liked it so much I ordered it twice since my fiancé pretty much drank half of my first one because he liked it that much too. 
The library vibe/decor is an endearing idea just note there were actually just two shelf levels of real books w/ everything on top of it being painted books. Not that it really mattered to me. 
Service is very friendly. I think because it's relatively new occasionally service was slow but I'll take kindness over speediness any day!So fantastic. Great drinks, fantastic atmosphere. Also really diverse group of patrons inside. Will definitely be returning.Really great space! They have 3 levels, and the top 2 are really cool lounges with seating. One of the best things about this place are the bartenders, everyone that helped us was really friendly and recommended some pretty awesome cocktails based on what we liked.Great small space. Intimate with great service and friendly faces. If you're catching a drink or two , this is the place.I loved this place! It's one of the best cocktail bars in Philly. Try to sit on the 2nd floor if possible. There is a library and crafted globe fixtures that'll spin above you! The vibe is super chill. We also had a great waiter who always made sure if we were doing okay. As for drinks, order the Coco Loco! It is nothing short of amazing. I couldn't stop having them.Small place tucked away on a hidden street but excellent, unique drinks and great service. We were unfortunately unable to see the library upstairs but the little bar downstairs was great. Great prices. Will definitely return.Went on Saturday around 7pm. It was dead but got busier by the time we left around 9. The crab deviled eggs were very good. My cucumber gimlet was not; sickly sweet. There were no sugary ingredients listed so at $10 it was a bummer. We went upstairs and were immediately chased out of seats by a man who I assume was a staff member...the table was "reserved." Try using a sign, or hospitality, next time. Two of the stools at the main bar were also broken, which was a little surprising for a brand-new bar that has $14 cocktails on the menu.Having lived in Philly for a number of years, it's always exciting when a new, relatively unadvertised bar with great initial reviews pops up on the map. When a close friend mentioned Writer's Block, I was eager to see what the new digs were all about. Situated on a quaint, quiet street in Washington Square West my friends and I were eager to meet for happy hour (6-8) and catch up over a few cocktails. Upon entering the bar, the vibes were lively and welcoming. The layout of the bar is unique in that it has three separate bar areas on three different floors, including a lounge area on the second floor. 
One person in our party had arrived early to attempt to secure a table (for 6) on the second floor lounge area. Upon ascending the stairs, I found myself attempting to soak in the ambiance and peek around the corner of the lounge area (we were blocked off by rope barrier) when I was told by the hostess that it was crowded, and there was no need to look as she should be trusted.  We then attempted to walk through the lounge area to observe the third floor bar as a separate individual told us it had some space, when the hostess again scolded us to please stand behind the rope barrier. After mentioning several times that it was our first time at the bar and we had repeatedly heard GOOD THINGS, the hostess mentioned that our party of 6 was way too big to fit within the confines of the space - without attempting to make any accommodations. 
Within in a matter of 10 minutes we left the bar, having experienced atypical rudeness that you won't usually find with other bars nearby in the area. As one other review mentions "I *almost* don't want anyone to know about this place..." Whether the hostess took that mantra to heart or not, our party left with the inclination that first impressions are everything, and our impression left us no real desire to step through the doors of Writer's Block again anytime soon.Oh boy...I write this review reluctantly. Reluctantly because I feel like it's such a cute hidden gem that I don't want to share.
Work...life...it has all just been a little too much. So a couple of good friends persuaded me to venture out to Center City to meet for a couple drinks to catch up, aka vent.
Walking in, there's a cozy bar with lettered walls that look like Scrabble. Very interesting...
One friend got there early and got us seats on the second floor. Walking up, I was greeted by a friendly host. After the initial greeting, my friend ended up walking off with someone to discuss work-related things and I had a chance to soak it all in before our other friend got there. 
Wallpaper that mimics a library, menus inside books, and comfortable seating. Jarrod (sp?) ended up being our friendly host and he was so accommodating and helpful. The book that was on our table didn't have a menu and I was a little confused on how I was supposed to order. He must have noticed because he switched the book out for one with a menu for me. 
Now, I am very particular about my drinks. Almost as particular as I am about great customer service. After perusing the menu, I was honestly conflicted. Everything on the cocktail menu sounded amazing. I was debating between the Gin Gin - gin, ginger, and berry kombucha and another drink with vodka, cucumber, and mint. I opted for the Gin Gin and am glad I did...although I doubt that any drink here would be bad. The Gin Gin was perfect - perfectly fragrant, not too sweet, very refreshing and not too overbearing. I also had the Mint 75? Gin, lemon and prosecco I think? Whatever it was, it was also very good. 
They also have small snacks. I appreciated the fact that they focus on their cocktails and drinks, and not all on the food - a bar that focuses on being a bar, and not trying to be something else. I can get on board with that. Well, we ended up ordering some flat bread and olives because we ended up staying a lot longer than we had originally planned. Lol.
Beautiful globe chandeliers and another small bar on the third floor. Gender neutral restrooms and comfortable seats. This place is classy without being pretentious. Comfortable and chic. 
While it is a ways from me, I will make the effort to get back there. Honestly, grab a quick drink before hitting the theatre or stay all night. You won't be disappointed. I sure wasn't and will def go back!Awesome service! Great place if you want quiet drinks with friends. Thanks Jason for being a awesome bartender.Atmosphere - I was eager to try this new place to drink since I loved the decor from the pictures and it looked like a cool place to hang out. I like how there are two different levels. The bar is on the bottom level and the mock library on the second. This provides two different settings depending on your mood. 
Service - Below average. Nothing was screwed up but we ordered two rounds of drinks. Two out of the three of us got their drinks and the third waited twenty minutes to get theirs. There was only one other table of 6 there at the time. The server also had an iPad to take down drink orders but still came back to ask the third person what their drink order was. What were you doing on your iPad? Playing Angry Birds?
Food - We got there about an hour before closing but was told nothing in the kitchen was available. Since we were having cocktails, I wanted something in my stomach even if it was just the Avocado toast on the menu. Unfortunately, that wasn't possible.
Drinks - Good variety. Creative. But weak.
Overall - It was painfully obvious that the staff wanted to get out early. We were told about last call before even sitting down. Then the kitchen was closed. The only thing we could get were pretzels or nuts. Basically, anything you didn't have to cook. 
I'm willing to chalk my experience up to just some bad timing as some issues would've been avoided if we had gotten there earlier but closing the kitchen an hour early seems a bit excessive. I might give it one more try somewhere down the road.
Points for: Atmosphere. Good drink variety.
No points: Service. Weak drinks. Kitchen closing very early.Had a wonderful time here when stopped here to meet a friend. Had the wonderful pisco sour drink with saffron and turmeric. Was fantastic. The ambience is wonderful and the upstairs bar was fabulous. I spoke to the co owner whi said they r planning to start the kitchen up soon to serve finger food/apps which would make this perfect. Now only if i could bring a boardgame. Settler of Catan anyone?Awesome drinks! I had the cucumber one (sorry, forget the name), but it was SO REFRESHING! I could have definitely done a few more rounds of this drink yesterday. One thing I think they lack in is types of alcohol available. I only had one drink, so didn't realize it until another girl came in and asked if they had rum. The bartender stated that they did not. No biggy to me and my friend bc it didn't affect us. Both our drinks were delicious
Our bartender was amazing. She was so outgoing and made us feel like we were at home. 
Decor - pretty cool looking. I loved the lights on the second floor along with the library theme to the place
Food - the best way to put it (or my friend put it) is they basically served vending machine foods. Like chips, nuts, crackers. They had meats and cheese boards, but nothing on the menu was hot. We decided to skip on this.
If you are hungry, this is not your spot! Make sure you eat and come for their awesome drinks. I will make sure I do this next time.Excellent service and great drinks! I had the rose, pomegranate, vodka and prosecco drink and it was delightful! Great atmosphere too! I will be coming back for sure!Hands down one of the coolest bar I've ever been to. This 3-floor establishment is cozy, vibrant and blessed with creative décor. It's menu offers an eclectic variety of delicious cocktails in the $10-12 range. The first floor is a more classic bar with bar stools. The second-floor is lined with comfortable sofas set against a backdrop of bookshelves, offering a hipster-library feel. The third-floor has a second bar, but with a romantic and mysterious ambience than the first floor. The music is upbeat and fun making this a great place to catch up with friends over a few drinks or to impress a significant other. 
I absolutely loved and highly recommend the "All My Lovers" drink. Too bad the drink isn't a metaphor for my life :PCame here with 5 coworkers after a conference and it was the perfect setting! It has a great vibe and is perfect for conversation. Plus there are board games and really beautiful, creative cocktails. Would recommend!I've been back a few times. They must have been having an off night my first time there because the food has since been tasty and the drinks fun and inventive.I really, really like this place. I want to like it even more than I already do, but they would have to add space to accommodate the upholstered seating that I have a predilection for, like armchairs and sofas. Still, for a tiny space that's about the size of an upscale studio apartment in NYC, this is awesome. There are about 10 seats at the bar and a few more facing the street from the window, and it's been pretty packed, with lots of people standing, every time I've gone. And no wonder - the cocktail menu is creative and excellent, and the bartenders, all of whom have been really nice and friendly the times that I've gone, do a great job of putting them together. There's also a considerable beer and wine selection, as well as a few mocktails for the non-alcohol inclined. They have a decent, tapas-esque food selection too for nibbling. I haven't tried any of the food myself, but it's the sort of detail-oriented place where I figure they'd do everything well. The menus are tucked into books, in keeping with the theme of the bar, and the walls are covered with word-searches through lettered tiles that hide the names of famous authors. It's nice to hang out here with friends, or if you come during a quieter hour, it's a great spot to fly solo too.
The real value-add of the spot for me is that they also offer COFFEE drinks. And not just drip coffee - they do espresso as well. I'm not sure if they do espresso drinks like lattes, because I haven't actually seen a coffee menu here (I just straight up asked for espresso and they had it), but they might. I've had a really hard time finding places that do both coffee drinks and have a full bar in Philadelphia (let alone both - nary a coffee cocktail to be found), but this seems to be one of them. I'm always on the lookout for cute little drink nooks to do some reading or writing, and this is a great place for that.Was excited to try this place out! Went with a co worker for a quick drink. I love trying new places and was super pumped to go here as I live nearby. The drink was good, but it took forever to get our appetizers! Granted there was only 1 bartender, the upstairs wasn't open, he was managing the first floor alone basically and it was packed. I will have to try and give it another shot when there is more help! Really cool decor and vibe on the inside .Writer's Block Rehab effectively executes the trifecta to successfully reach my soul:
1. Words.
2. Books!
3. Fancy bar space.
This little bar is a true gem. Little being the key word. I'm glad we visited on a Monday night. I assume it probably could be a bit claustrophobic during peak times. The downstairs bar area is tiny, the second floor isn't much bigger, and I can't comment on the third floor, as it was blocked off as "VIP."
If you want to drink in a library setting (book wallpaper and globe lights that I would like to "borrow" forever), find seats upstairs. If you want to spend your time searching for 150 authors names on the walls and yelling them out in pure glee, sit downstairs at the bar.
Hint: Some of the authors hidden in front of you are mirrored behind you. I don't want to spill any names. [The Sun Also Rises, right Hamlet? Yes, and let's go eat some Green Eggs and Ham.] *cough*
As a literary nerd, I was in my element. As a liquor imbiber, I was also impressed with their cocktail list. Most were herb-infused. I chose the "Gin-Gin," which came with gin ~gasp~, ginger, and berry kombucha. It was nice but fairly strong so I nursed it for the duration of our visit (which perplexed the bartender). I also appreciated the use of paperbacks as check holders. Good job sticking with the theme throughout!
The crowd -- and by crowd, I mean the other three patrons -- was chill and the atmosphere was comfortable. In addition to herby, funky cocktails, they also have wine and beer available. Their beer list is okay but could be curated to offer a couple more rare choices, in my opinion.
Overall though, they're off to a great start just a few months after opening. I look forward to trying more of their creative concoctions in the future!Hidden gem is an understatement. If you are looking for a place to hide away from the busy center city streets this place is your refuge. The staff are so welcoming and the drinks are absolutely delicious. Will definitely come back.I noticed some of my friends had fancy cocktail glasses and tagged themselves here on facebook one day so I googled this bar. It looked pretty cool by the photos I saw, so my husband and I decided to stop by while we were in the area. We love trying all the new craft cocktail places that open up. 
I did like the multi level aspect of the bar. The first level looks like a chemistry lab, the second level is a library like atmosphere with books on the shelves, and the third level had more tables but I couldn't see everything that was up there. We sat on the 2nd level at a booth with a small table in front of it. 
I was a little dissapointed with this place. The bar looks a lot bigger in photos online, they must have used certain angles and illusions for the pictures to make it look bigger. I felt crammed in like a sardine in this place. And the table we were given to use was small and flimsy, every time someone walked by I picked up my drink because I thought someone was going to bump into the table. It was also very noisy there. 
Service was also somewhat slow. It took awhile  for our waiter to greet us, and then a good amount of time to get our drinks too. Our waiter also forgot to give me a glass of water I ordered. We only ordered 2 cocktails there, the long smoke and tumeric pisco sour. They were ok but not amazing. Their drinks are overpriced and not very creative, both of our drinks were $14 each. I've been to other craft cocktails bars that have way better drinks and charge the same or less. If they are gonna charge that much it should have like 6 different high quality ingredients in the drink, not 2 or 3. Go to hop sing or franklin bar, their drinks and atmosphere are a lot better.Cool spot to catch a mixed drink.  We came here late, and it was pretty dead downstairs.  I guess they have another area upstairs we didn't visit.  We would go back for a drink if we were in town again.4.5/5:
I came here last night and was not disappointed. The staff was friendly, welcoming, and can make a killer cocktail. Their menu is full of unique cocktails with fresh herbaceous twangs and many with vodka bases (a plus to me). I got the passion has red lips and arugula martini-both quite refreshing. 
A highlight of this place is that they have vodka and prosecco on tap. My two favorite things on tap?! HEAVEN. Their decor is literary themed (also greatly appreciated) with a modern twist. 
My only critique is that the drinks took a while with just one bartender, but I know they are in their early days and still have to work some things out.Was happy to see this place open after watching it being built and went in to check it out. It was fine. My drink was a play on an Old Fashioned, bit sweet for me, and when the server asked how it was I told him the bourbon was masked and it could be stronger. He asked if I wanted another shot, if that would fix it. I said sure, since it made sense. And then the bill came, with the price of the cocktail $12 plus $10 for the extra shot. So for $12 it was a middling drink. For $22, well, no, I don't think so.Great little spot hidden from the tourist in busy downtown Phila.  Had a fabulous Vodka and Arugula Martini and plan to go back an sample the other creative cocktails.  Fun decor, while sitting at the counter you can always find the writers names hidden within the letters on the wall.  Upstairs is whimsical and cozy, and comfortable in the blue highback sofas.Loving this new little place in my neighborhood! Apparently they'll start serving food soon, but not yet. I had to review though, as everyone on staff here was SO nice! They kept our prosecco glasses full (they have prosecco on tap!!) & kept checking in on us. When we asked about food, the bartender Tom went & found us chips & nuts because he felt bad they weren't serving anything yet.
The place is small but adorable. We had fun finding authors' names on the wall. And seriously, every person that worked here was super friendly! It's hidden away but easy to find and convenient to all of Wash West & the subway. Not too loud, not too quiet, perfect for some drinks after a long work week. I'm coming back!First off, this review is honestly a 4+ star review with a huge deduction for atmosphere thanks to some regulars who decided to be really unfriendly during our visit, and staff that didn't address the issue. 
Positives: Outstanding cocktails, great bartender, wonderful decor and mostly great atmosphere. Very creative cocktails and extremely good liquor selection.  Definitely worth trying on your cocktail crawl. 
Now onto the negative:
When we walked into this bar, it was very busy; there were two regulars sitting at the window seat.  They looked us up and down and loudly proclaimed "You're not invited!", followed by some snarky comments about our appearance (we were dressed appropriately, but apparently we weren't fashionable or cool enough for these two).  We decided to walk upstairs to the seating area which ended up being full, so we came back downstairs to get a drink at the bar.  The guys continued the commentary and loudly said "Oh no, they're back!" and then made more comments about us, followed by his boyfriend saying "You're so mean! But you're so right!".  
These regulars were seen schmoozing with someone who I assumed was either a manager or owner, and to be honest, if I had been in any of the employees' shoes that night, I would have kicked them both out for being supreme assholes.  The fact that the commentary was so rude and so loud and nobody said anything to these idiots makes an otherwise great experience turn sour.
We chose not to confront the two idiots and instead enjoyed one drink each before leaving.  The drinks were exceptional and the bartender friendly, just seeing two regulars friendly with management being allowed to be complete assholes made it not such a great experience.Cute spot. The cocktails are good but expense. I really liked one that involved coconut water, basil, and vodka. Got charged $4 for a glass of seltzer alongside my $15 cocktail, which was kind of a bummer.We where heading to a baseball game and got lost in the metro and got off and we found this place. This is like your hole in the wall place in a weird location but the drinks are great I tried a few of the mixed one and nothing to complain about. Also tried the crab deviled eggs and also great. I will definitely be going back with friends.Great new spot! Good drinks made swiftly before you, knowledgeable bartender. The first floor is tiny - so expect to be closer than usual but the upstairs is spacious and unique.Trendy yet intimate cocktail bar with a unique menu that will interest and appeal to all. Very friendly staff as well.I don't really see a reason for coming here other than to take some neat Instagram photos. And I didn't even do that while there! From what I had seen review-wise, I was excited to check out what appeared to be a very intimate cocktail bar. Instead it was a strange, 3 story building that felt inordinately cold and artificial. The "library" is wallpaper. I feel like an actual writer would hate that so it feels like an odd note. There were cute things (hence the Instagram-y appeal of this place) like the drink menus were inside books and the globe chandelier is totes adorbs, but these cutesy things on their own do not a good cocktail bar make. I didn't see anything in the drink selection that sounded particularly new or exciting, but the drink I did get was fine. Just not worth returning for...unless I decide to spruce up my Instagram.Interesting, but a little bit expensive for the area.  The people we met there were nice and the atmosphere was cool.  One of the least talkative bartenders I've ever met.  Not that this is good or bad.Came here with a group of four and it was just ADORABLE. The menu is literally in a hard covered book (such a cute idea), the decor is right on theme and the drinks were tasty. This is a really good place for an intimate catch up sesh with family or friends or even a romantic date night out. I probably wouldn't suggest it for large groups because space is limited though! 
What I drank: Mymosa, pink sparkling sangriaWriter's Block is an absolute favorite. Fantastic cocktails, great bites, fun yet comfortable atmosphere. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Love it!I've been here twice and the mixed drinks are overpriced and terrible. Stop trying to be creative and just serve a decent drink. I hope that you have a good time here, but my advice is to order beer or wine -- something that they don't get a chance to mess with.
You'd think that if someone takes one sip and never touches the drink again that the staff would say something -- service is a little checked out. We never saw him other then to bring the drinks around late, then later ask if I wanted another round (why? I'm not touching this one), and then to bring the check. The place is not that large or crowded (obviously because the drinks are overpriced and awful). When he brought the iPad around to run my credit card, he did manage to have the tip already defaulted to 20%.I was excited to check this place out, based on the "library" theme. I was pretty disappointed when I got there and realized that the wall of books featured was actually wallpaper. Service was disorganized. Took us about 20 min to get 3 drinks, one of which was a beer. There is seating on the top floor which there shouldn't be because the space feels awkward and cramped. Drinks were mediocre. I ordered a Moscow mule which was very ginger-y. I'm giving this place 2 stars because I appreciate the concept.Love this bar, the vibe and basic premise of a dream lived out loud.   Most especially I adore prosecco on tap.   Come for the quirkiness.   
à la minute...
Live bravely to create unknown
inside my mind; outside of time
But watch out world-
when she finally finds
Her own self/worthy.
Writing it down, recreating the sound 
that speaks loudest
in the silence.
Experience your best self.Had a few drinks here last Friday night. The bartender was friendly and attentive, and the man who I presume is the owner was also extremely friendly and great to chat with. Drinks were excellent, and the plans that the owner has for craft beers and expanding the menu are really good. Decor is great as well. 
I'm really glad that this place just opened in my neighborhood because there don't seem to be any downsides to it! Quality drinks, fun atmosphere, what's not to love?Stopped by to visit this gem of a location while visiting my girlfriend.  Unfortunately the upstairs levels were packed but we did find a comfortable seat downstairs.  Our bartender Jason was awesome! (We did look around the second floor and I have to say the decor and ambiance were on point). I highly recommend checking this place out!!!This cocktail bar was really cute, and the cocktails were great. But I'm knocking two stars off for what I consider to be an unethical use of default tipping options in the payment system. They apply a mandatory 20% tip, and the waiter said that I could select "no tip" in the payment system, so I changed the default 20% on the screen it to 18%. But then I realised that it had actually applied an additional 18% on top of a 20% tip that had already been added. The waiter did refund the extra 18% tip when I realised and asked to see a breakdown of the cost - but someone who had more than a couple of drinks may very well have missed this issue! This was especially misleading because the screen defaulted to 20% tip, which would have actually been an additional 20% on top of the mandatory 20%, and could have been mistaken for the mandatory 20% itself. I think the bar should either not impose the "mandatory" 20% tip (is that even legal?) or not set the default in the payment to adding an *additional* 20% on top of the mandatory 20% unless you notice and opt-out. It's an example of an unethical nudge.Love the layout and ambience - almost library like (thats the look they are going for anyway). The crowd usually is quite young and hip which is always a plus for me lol. Cocktails are pretty strong - try the Long smoke, it is my favorite and quite different (in a good way) than most cocktails I have tried so far.I'm not sure if I am a failed writer or an undiscovered writer.  Either way I need Writer's Block Rehab.  The drinks are great, conversations cool, and you will never be at a loss for words here.  Bar is on the first level and the library lounge is on the second and third levels.  In no time at all, Writer's Block Rehab has become an instant Philly go-to drinking spot!Writer's Block is an adorable and quaint bar on the outskirts of the Gayborhood.  It's great for a nice, quiet night out with your friends.  Currently, their menu is expanding, starting with the drinks, moving to some apps, and the ending with food (or so I'm told).  I'd highly suggest it if you're looking for a cool new hang out.A very unique pub. This place is a great hang out, a block away from the busy and crowded 13th street / Spruce area. The pub offers excellent cocktails. The pub's founder has traveled all over the world and has some unique cocktails. Don't expect dinner though, just finger foods. The entrance has a crossword wall containing names of all the famous authors. The second floor has several books, none for borrowing though. Look out for their outdoor block parties in summer and fall.I've been wanting to check out Writer's Block since it opened and this week, I got my chance. I ended up here with friends for before-dinner-drinks. I love the sweet charm of the tucked away--ness of this place. It's out of the way of the hustle and bustle of center city while still being in center city. There wasn't any room upstairs and sitting up there would have been preferable but we scored a few seats at the downstairs bar and were well taken care of. I wanted whiskey drinks and the bartender was aptly pointing me in all the right directions. The drinks here are beautiful. None of us were disappointed. We ordered a snack of olive tapenade. Tiny portion (in my opinion) even for an app but it was tasty. There is a sweet feel to this place. Books are represented everywhere and the decor is creative while remaining understated. If you want quality cocktails with great ambience and  classy flair...find yourself a seat at this bar. (Tip: it's a great place to bring out of town friends. It offers that Philadelphia classiness).What a great new cocktail bar!  Don't miss the pisco sour (if you like turmeric and earthy flavors), which is an exquisite cocktail concocted with egg white for a perfect, frothy consistency. Service was nothing short of excellent - Brian, behind the 3rd floor bar, will keep a smile on your face.  If you're fortunate enough to meet the owner, Charles, you'll see that this place is headed in a great direction. Charles and Brian were a pleasure to meet and we can't wait to come back to try the updated cocktail menu that is to be released next week. In comparison to somewhere like Ranstead Room, the service and vibe here are much less stuffy and exclusive, while the cocktails are still on point. Five stars all the way and this place is only just beginning to launch.This is a great addition to Philadelphia and a beautiful space. I came became I'm a writer, and what writer doesn't need to cure writer's block? It happens to be in kind of a dead zone for craft cocktails, so if I lived close by I could imagine myself coming here again. That being said, I didn't love it.  I have two quibbles: #1) while the space is beautiful, the vibe feels a little cold/austere and the little stools are not very comfortable. (Although there were a couple of delicious looking sofas upstairs) #2) Their cocktails could be improved. This is a city with some AMAZING bartenders and bars/restaurants with awesome cocktail programs, so I was slightly alarmed when I requested a pretty common cocktail that wasn't on the menu and the bartender stared at me blankly. Then, when I ordered something on the menu, I was underwhelmed. A place that only serves cocktails should have cocktails that knock your socks off. These were good- totally serviceable, but not in the same league as places like Ranstead Room, Townsend,  Vernick, or Abe Fisher.Cocktails are amazing. Try the aragula drink! Friendly staff, super cozy environment, sweet music. Crowd was also very cool. Will definitely come back!I came here with my boyfriend last night for a drink before going out to dinner. As a bookworm and travel writer, I absolutely loved the setup and decor. The cocktails are also delicious - I had a spicy pineapple tequila cocktail, and my boyfriend had a bourbon blueberry one. Both very refreshing on a hot day. If I lived in Philly, this would be my go-to bar. Highly recommend!This little bar can be easily missed if you're not looking for it. Once you enter and head upstairs, you're hit with the comforting vibe of a library. The menus are actual books, and the wallpaper is a library. Very comforting, makes for great pictures, and good drinks. Ordered the white wine, and it was delicious. Refreshing notes of citrus and vanilla that made for a relaxing night after traveling. They also do offer charcuterie and cheese as well as flatbreads, and if I weren't so full from my meal before hand, I would have ordered all the charcuterie and cheeses possible. The staff are welcoming and always are ready to help you decide what drinks to get or suggestions of food.Rachel really made us feel at home here! She's one of the best bartenders I've ever met! The drinks were flavorful and she made them quick!!!! Can we be best friends, Rachel? We look forward to coming back and seeing you soon!!!!!The drinks here are so good. This is a place to go if you want to enjoy your alcohol and relax. The staff is friendly (and extremely attractive), the interior is beautiful too. I went here three times in a week once, just to show other people what I found. New favorite bar!From out of town. Followed my gut and came here for some afternoon drinks (even though I thought I was under dressed). RACHEL rocked my world. Not only did I get some great drinks, but I got great conversation and good music as well!! Can't wait to come back to Philly to come back!Loved loved loved this spot. The owner, Ram, is so kind and put so much thought into the decor. The drinks are fantastic and fairly priced. They pride themselves on making good drinks with good liquor and little sugar (preferring natural ingredients to flavor instead). Definitely check out the upstairs while you're there! Ram handmade the globe chandeliers using 40 different globes he found. Truly amazing and highly recommend paying them a visit.Beautiful and well designed space.  Very friendly staff and wonderful and creative cocktails.What a wonderful new addition to Philadelphia! I came here last night as a group of 4. We were promptly seated on the 2nd floor. To say the staff is friendly is an understatement - the service we received was impeccable. The drinks are unique and their quality is top-notch. I got the cucumber gimlet, my fiance got the margarita, and we were both very impressed. 
In talking to the downstairs bartender we found out they have vodka and prosecco on tap - how cool is that! I can't wait to go back.Sooo cool inside! Drinks were delicious. We went with a big crowd (called ahead) for our friend's birthday. The staff was very helpful and checked in on us frequently. Great place, would definitely go again.Bottomline: Stop in peri-weekend for a seat in the upstairs library!
VIBE: Hidden in plain sight along an open alleyway, you wonder if this is a club for writers or a some actual type of rehab...I suppose you can think of it as both ;)  The upstairs library is gorgeous, and around the time of their opening is only open on weekends.
DRINKS: Opening jitters aside, the cocktails still need a bit of work. I'm sure that can be said of any bar. Staff and backbar need a little fine-tuning; but the menu hints at thoughtfulness and proper homage to the classics.
FUTURE: I have high hopes for this bar and I hope they start coming into their own and stay open later.Writer's Block Rehab is a nice bar away from all the busy-ness of the city yet the comfort and feel of it. It is secluded from the main stream parts of the main roads like Chestnut or Walnut St so if you are looking for a chill bar to hangout with your friends, try this place out. Their cocktails are dope and tasty. I had their Buckingham, Tom Collins, and Shy Fox Lager. All were good.
The prices are a little expensive but casually drinking will make the experience more rewarding and memorable since the atmosphere is more than a typical bar. It's a chill hangout spot with a mature vibe. My cocktail were around $10 or more and beers were around $6-7. Grab a few drinks and kick back.My lady friend and I went here because she found the place and was like let's go. It's hard to find which is cool, and we couldn't go upstairs because of the beer party. The space is limited it's just true. I had to stand in the corner while people who pretend they read or write books sat at the bar. My drink was good though. Listen I'm not saying don't go. I should probably give it another chance. I gotta go.this place is literally brand spanking new. the bar area. downstairs was a little cramped but i was a big fan of the natural light from the large windows at the front. the drinks were a little pricey but not too overwhelming. good spot to go to before a night out or the awkward hour after a happy hour.