This place is great for many things; sport games, nights out, great weather outdoor seating and much more.
You get the benefits of multiple bars and styles of hangouts under one roof. Along with some great food options. They have a massive outdoor seating area, which is great for those beautiful weather days/nights. There is nothing like sitting outside with a beer and seeing The CBP, The Linc and the Center.
The inside host tv's all over including a giant screen in the center, so you are never missing the game. 
The layout of islands/tables and small hallways can make it tough to navigate through on crowded nights, and the place can get very crowded. Security is better now then it was when it first opened. The bathrooms are also huge which is nice, becuase your typical bars usually have large crowds but small bathrooms with long lines. 
Their import selection of beers is EXTREMELY LACKING too.
My favorite thing about this place is....
Parking is complimentary on non-event nights and free one hour after the start of the final event of the day. You can't ask for anything more in Philly.When I first learned about the Xfinity Live opening, I was excited but after going a few times, I don't find myself rushing to go back anytime soon.  The idea is great but the place is overly crowded, no matter what restaurant you go to it's hard to find a seat. If one decides to stay out in the main area, which is a killer on the feet and back, you deal with a lot of rude people just pushing their way around, I guess some of the very young partiers haven't learned how to act yet.  Honestly, it seemed more like Kiddie City than anything else.Sunday afternoon. Late April. After walking Dead Escape from Philly. Place maybe 25% occupied. Our party of six is seated. Cute waitress but clueless. Has NO idea what beers are on tap. One of our party spilled water when she was standing there and she actually turned away and did not even get extra napkins. Entrees came before appetizers and one entree came after the late appetizers. Waitress was completely unapologetic. Like I said clueless. When I spoke with the manager she handed me a generic business card and said next time I came in the would "hook me up"! WTF! Avoid it like the plague!! Getting one star because you can't post zero stars.Great time.  Good beer selections.  Pizza is great.   The appetizers are great.  Service was quick.  Great place to pre-game.Great bars hands down. When I first heard about this place I was skeptical but every time it go here it's an amazing time. Do some bull riding, explore some bars, sit and relax next to a fire pit, watch some entertainment and play some games. There is so much space here but don't forget your wallet because drinking is the thing here!Location is excellent as it's surrounded by the stadiums.   However they dropped the ball here as it doesn't offer as much as one would hope for.   The food isn't good, the place is always dirty - floors, tables, the bar ect.    Took the family here yesterday and they have a Genos Steaks and my son wanted one - it was noon and the cooks were on break.  Waited 30 mins for a steak sandwich and we were first in line.  All 4 of us were not impressedNo argument that Xfinity Live! is a great spot to catch a game.  They have a selection of themed bars, plenty of screens for viewing, and parking.  Be warned, parking is only free an hour after home games (but always free if all teams are away).  They have solid bar food.  They are a short walk from all the stadiums and easy to get to/from via public.  Don't think you'll have the sticker shock of stadium prices.  The draft selection is more extensive while the prices are more in line with a typical bar!
Xfinity also hosts a variety of events.  They do company parties and beerfests.  I've attended as a company party guest and was happy with everything.
Overall, hit'em up!Great place to watch sports, fun crowd and this place is huge in the middle of everything and across the street from the subway.
 Great service and wait staff. 
 Friendly barpersons, a dj, cheerleaders on tabletops....awesome variety of food! 
Will definitely be back!....reasonable beer prices..... yet sadly overpriced liquor/mixed drinks. 
Location, location, location!!It kinda reminds me of an ESPN Zone without all the carnival games, but it seems like just a few bars slapped together.  And what's up with the kids roaming around?
We really only came to see GreenGenes, so we didn't stray too far from the main area in the center to check out the other places.  It was pretty crowded when we got there, but that was probably because the Phillies got rained out that night.  Besides, the people watching was too good to pass up.  It's been awhile since I've seen a couple run out by the bouncers because they were basically having sex at the bar...
Anyway, beers are $5 which is a little too high in my opinion.  Bar service was decent for me, but more than one person in my group complained about it.  Other than what I've mentioned, nothing special to see other than the girls trying WAY too hard.Really great sports bar one of my favorites!  A bunch of really cool places to grab food including my favorite chickie's and petes.  Has a mechanical bull and skee ball! Also, has outdoor area with live music.  Giant beer pong games on fridays.This place is awesomeness. The XFinity Live Center is smack in the middle of all the stadiums. Great for before, after, or instead of a game.
There are several beer spots in here. Victory Beer Hall is the best for beer. PBR is great for watching drunk people try to ride the mechanical bull. There is an outside area with a band. They have several other drinking options, as well as several food options, from bar food to deserts.
One of the great things is that it's all packed into one area. You can bar hop without going far. You can take beers from one place to another. You can switch the scenery up.
There are numerous large screens throughout. The big one which is monstrous is on the wall on the side where the band is playing.
Very cool spot. Def check it out, especially if you are there for a game.Absolutely disgusted with service from last night. My boyfriend who is Spanish pointed in the bartenders direction at me across the bar and she assumed it was at her and threw ice toward him that hit him in the face then denied him service for being drunk and disrespectful to her. (Mind you he was about to order his second drink and this was his birthday party) Our friend who is a white male with red hair did the same thing but deliberately pointed at her to see how she would react and and she came right over and greeted him with a smile ready for his order. Completely different reaction. Went over to the bouncer that was standing next to the bar to explain the situation told us if we pointed at her again we'll have to leave for being disrespectful. Had to leave the room and go to a bar in the main room to order a drink and found a manager who told us in his exact words " I'm so sorry, this has been happening all night." That being said if your bartenders are physically and verbally harassing your customers then maybe you need to rethink management especially after that little display of racism.  Took a picture of the woman... unfortunately it was too dark to tell and it's only the back of her.Fun spot to grab drinks or food before or after a game or concert. The staff is friendly and bartenders make great drinks.  It's always an upbeat vibe and usually a DJ.  Less expensive than the stadium but still a little on the pricy side for bar food. Fun spot!I think this place is awesome!!! It is alot of fun!! It has a bunch of bars in there, restaurants, and raw bar.  It is so much fun! All the TV's are awesoem and perfect for day drinking, and before and after a Phillies, Flyers, Eagles, or Sixers game. Love this place. So much fun!
It is packed and a ton of fun! Surrounded by fans. Much better than McFaddens and Chickie & Petes. Has alot of fun things going on outside as well. Pretty awesome palce with alot going on. Victory is awesome with the bull ride and Broad Street Bullies is cool as well. Go see Will if you go there! :-) He is awesome! 
Definitely hang out there! It will be even better in the summer to drink outside and the stage they have set up, bars, and a place to place games at.  I really enjoy this place alot!This place is a joke from the leadership on down.Never saw anything worse in all of America. The waits are ridiculous and the drinks are ridiculousHuge drinking emporium. Bars located outside, inside, right, left, center, downstairs and upstairs, and all slightly different then their counterparts. They had a $5 cover after the Eagles game but free entry after a Flyers game. The Philly institution Geno's has a small cheesesteak stall located inside. Most bars also offer their own menus. Drinks were far cheaper at the bar then at the beer tubs located at the entrances. Don't be intimidated by lines outside, they move surprisingly fast. Once inside try to push past all the first timers who stop and gawk(probably in awe of the shear magnitude of the place), and you'll find it really opens up allowing you to enjoy your beverage or food without being elbow to elbow.I'm not a big sports bar or (sports) fanatic, but this place is pretty cool. I actually came here with some friends to see a couple DJs that were playing. We were curious how they would put on the show here, but they pulled it off well! They played in the center of the venue, which gave us a up close and personal view of them and since it was not a large crowd, we had a lot of room to dance and go crazy. There were plenty of bars for us to grab a drink from whenever we wanted and it made for a great night. 
I didn't actually get to explore the other separate bars within the venue, but would definitely like to come back next time to do that. I heard there was a mechanical bull in one of them, so I'm sure that makes for a hilarious show with some drunken friends.Awful. Poorly organized. Terrible, just terrible terrible terrible. Plus super rude bouncers.This is a boom for Philadelphia and for the stadium area!  I love it! People are going to love it especially when baseball gets here! Go Phillies!  Love the giant TV in the NBC center. The outside is great!  Great options, tvs everywhere, there is something for everyone.I really like XFinity and they are making more renovations to make this place even better. They took out the high-end restaurant that no one goes to and they'll be putting in 1100 Social! I cannot wait until it opens! They are also expanding Victory Beer Hall too! We've been here for numerous events.
If you go on a Friday or Saturday night, you can set up a Happy Hour for your group. Usually it's $3 well drinks and beers and $5 shot specials. It sucks it's only from 8-11pm, so I hope this will be changing a bit once they finish all the renovations.Severely lacking in many ways, but with a name like xfinity/Comcast, its hard to expect anything else.I was back in Philly for the holidays. Since I am a HUGE Eagles fan I got tickets for the game against the Chicago Bears. Since Xfinity Live is fairly new I wanted to check it out. Boy am I glad that I did. At first it was a little overwhelming but once I got my first beer I felt like I was home. I currently live in Chicago so it was great to see all the Eagles fans there. What I liked best was the outside beer garden next to the big stage. I am glad that I got there super early because the closer to game time the line to get in was super long. The only drawbacks were that there wasn't as much seating as I would like although since it was a game day I totally understood. Also I feel like the $5 cover charge wasn't necessary. That place makes enough money as it is. With all of that being said I will definitely check it out again the next time I am back in Philadelphia and go to a sporting event.After the Beyoncé concert we headed over here to silence our roasting stomachs, and allow the traffic to calm down. Every restaurant within xfinity live was not serving food anymore. The NBC bar ( I think that's the name) which is in the center when you walk in was packed to full compactly, and you can't order food without a seat. I scored some seats at the bar being observant aka stalking people. 
I grabbed the menu and was necrosis about the options . Mahi Mahi tacos..."from here", I thought. I was too hungry not to order and where easier going to find food at this hour. They came out in a cute presentation...and saucy! Which I like. They were delicious!!! I was shocked. It's something I would not order from a place like this but it was delicious. I would definitely go back again for more than just drinks. This is a great atmosphere for sports fans. Chow down!Upon first entering XFINITY Live! I was overwhelmed. High ceilings, large crowd, plenty of space, lights, and TVs everywhere. I traversed through the crowd, finding all the women were unattractive, to a bar that did not sell Budweiser products, and the only thing on the TVs was the pregame. 
XFINITY Live! is like making a fleshlight out of sandpaper. The intentions were good but the implementation just doesn't work.This place is really cool and swanky. You've got big TVs, little TVs, booths, outdoor seating, a VIP lounge - the works. We were lucky enough to bypass the cover charge, but seating is limited in the "main" bar area. All of the long tables were reserved, so we ended up having to go to one of the adjoining bars. Drink specials are nonexistent and the food is your typical bar food. Nonetheless, its a fun place to hunker down and watch quality Sunday football.Great place to pre and post game.  Lots of cool bars,places to eat and most importantly clean bathrooms!So I'm ashamed to admit that it took me like three years to get here, but it was worth the wait. The Victory Beer Hall was basically my happy place. If the Syrian border had 17 Victory beers on tap I'd give it five stars.   So this was pretty close to a religious experience for me. 
I was here for winter beerfest and the space was wonderfully accommodating for this event.  Although I didn't get to experience all that xfinity has to offer since the event took over, I am definitely inspired to come back on a regular day. 
Another asset of xfinity is the lovely outdoor space. It's a nice option to have, and it doesn't feel like a building randomly plopped into a parking lot.  Well done xfinity! Can't wait to come back.Used to have a half-price happy hour at Bullies from 4-6. Now its only from 4-5 and I was told that it was because they were "losing money". Are you kidding me? I used to come early before an event at the complex and grab a bite to eat and a few beers. Will not be doing it now that they took away the special. Terrible decisionBest place in the country to watch the Eagles play (other than the Linc). Go Birds.I went here for the grand opening to the public on Friday, March 30th for the free Third Eye Blind concert.  I also went back briefly tonight to warm up from the Phillies game.  I'm glad I went back tonight because I had two completely different experiences. 
First night: The place looked tiny from the outside and I was worried that it would be jam-packed.  When I walked in, I was surprised how big the place really was.  It was pretty crowded on the first night and of course, everyone was drinking their faces off.  It was a good atmosphere, though, and I didn't run into any sloppy drunks (I've seen much worse crowds in bars during Erin Express).  There were plenty of places to go in case you didn't like a section.  Broad Street Bullies Bar is off to the right and there's a raw bar directly in front of you.  Further in, you'll find Spectrum Grill, Chickie's and Pete's, a cheesesteak counter, Victory Brew Hall, and PBR: Professional Bull Riders (I'm sure the mechanical bull in here is going to see plenty of action).  The inside is filled with countless TV screens and is definitely a great place to go to watch a game.  I noticed the swanky upper level that had leather chairs and a disco ball chandelier, but it was closed for a VIP party.  
Second time: There was a good crowd here watching the Phils game tonight, but I had plenty of room to move around.  The big screens here are probably the best ones in the city.  I highly recommend coming here if you want to watch an important game.  They actually had a fire pit going tonight that wasn't there on Friday.  There appeared to be removable windows/doorways that I'm assuming will open up as it gets warmer.
I thought the concept was executed really well here and I'm looking forward to coming back to Xfinity Live.  I think the summertime will be the best time to come here, but I was pleasantly surprised how nice it was to stop in tonight.  Definitely worth checking this place out.Very disappointed, was looking forward to watching the eagles v cowboys game there and they would not let a bunch of people in, reportedly at capacity, looking through the large windows 2 of the bars in which we could see were empty. How can you be the gathering joint for philly sports and have that happen, embarrassing? Would be reluctant to go back.USE CASH ONLY HERE!!!   Debit card info was scanned by bartender or waitress during the Eagles game Sunday night Oct 23 around 11- and was used the next day at Whitman Shoprite and Sunoco!!  Beware!!This place is like a big adult playground. It is amazing! I went on a Wednesday afternoon to watch an away game (Mets, We won!! GOphills!) and it was dead. I have to say this is the best time to go. There is a giant cornhole field, horse shoe outside the front door, that after a few beers I was a champ!  The whole staff from the door men, security, cleaning staff and bartenders are the happiest people. I felt like a regular after my first visit.Not much to say about this place other than... Well it just sucks. I came here because I was waiting for the eagles game to start and it was a blizzard out and the people who had my tickets were stuck in traffic. Nothing else to say besides it's a total d-bag bar. I thought about getting some food then I saw how greasy and gross the food was from other people I saw ordering. Next I looked at the menu and was even more grossed out at how expensive it was. If a giant sports bar with douchebags running around and eating gross and disgusting food while being overcharged for it all is your thing, then come on down! Otherwise stay away... Far far away.Customer service was top notch! I am writing this review because we stopped into Xfinity Live on July 1st after a Phillies game. We had a few drinks and as we left, I must have dropped my wallet on the floor by the bar after paying the bill. The next day M. Butler from security emailed me to let me know that they had it safe and sound. Needless to say, I was surprised, not only that it was returned (thank you to the kind stranger who turned it in) but also because the security staff went out of their way on a busy 4th of July weekend to contact me. We will definitely return!I'm reviewing this from the point of view as a girl who isn't a huge sports fanatic but went for the bars , dancing and to see the mechanical bull.
Definitely worth going just be aware that its sort of over crowded and its difficult to get to the dance floor. The mechanical bull area is so jam packed and we had to wait in a line for 30 minutes to get into that area of xfinity. The wait was hilarious though because there were angry sports guys yelling profanity because they felt like they didn't deserve to wait (some people would get offended or irritated but I thought it was hysterical watching them).
At the end of the night in the dancing area they offered free shots to any girls who danced on the bar. 
I wouldn't go if you are against big crowds in awkward confined spaces but its a good time if you like the sports/dancing combination. The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is because the cover is annoying and I don't like sports enough to make this a regular spot for me.The place is spacious and we loved watching the mechanical bull riders in one of the bars. It's fun but we had a terrible experience with the staff. First of all, we were charged admission even though it was free to get in if we had Philly baseball tickets. We came back from the Mets Philly game. When we asked for a refund, they refused because " our machines can't do that". The door staff is young and untrained. So, I asked for a manager. We waited for 20 min and no one came so I took it upon myself to find him. When I found him behind a bar, he just shrugged his shoulders like " oh well, too bad!" This is bad business, bad customer service, and bad management. I want my money back for four of us! Who's running the place? A bunch of children?!!!! Rude and apathetic! Someone needs to take responsibility and step up.Food was great but I can't understand why they had NCAA Basketball on the main screen instead of the Sixers game!!! Loyola Chi vs Kansas St is not a better game than the Sixers game going on at the same time, especially while you're in xfinity live!!! The place was filled with Sixers fans, suffering through watching the game through small screens with no audio!Came here on a Saturday night after the Phillies lost (which could be any week at this point) to drink our sorrows away. I wasn't expecting much-the VIP entrance girls were young and scantily clad, and being in my later 20s I thought I'd feel really out of place-but I was surprised! The place was busy but not over crowded, most people there to watch the boxing match.
We sat at the tables outside of PBR Bar-only con was our waiter sucked at first, acted super pissed we were sitting and not ordering food, told us to make sure we were bringing 'commerce in'-ok, dude-but after bringing us four rounds of Jack Fire, he settled down and had quick service. The DJ for the place was my favorite part--a constant mash up of 90s hip hop. Basically sang and danced the whole night. We had a hiiiiiigh bill (like 300 bucks) but it was worth it.Finally made it out to this place, and I was definitely impressed! High ceilings are a great idea for claustrophobic Saturday nights.
It's like an amusement park for drunken adults. Something to suit everyone's pleasure. One minute I was in victory beer hall listening to probably the best live bar band I've ever heard, next minute I was out by the fire sipping a beer in an adirondack chair, next minute I was spinning the giant wheel where for 5$, you spin and whatever shot it lands on, you have to take. (Good luck when you land on tequila or Jameson!) The mechanical bull, the giant plates of delicious nachos... I'm tellin ya, old people amusement park. I didn't even make it to every part of this place!
It's expensive, and security guards are assholes. One looked like he was on a mission and plowed me over walking by. Didn't look back, didn't care, didn't think twice about it... Rude. He's totally the kid that butts in line in the amusement park. But guess every place has that guy.
get ready to blow the bank... Yikes to prices. But I had a great time so I would most definitely come back.My two most recent experiences at Xfinity were for a work holiday party in the "VIP" section upstairs, and for new years eve. Both experiences most definitely exceeded my expectations. The VIP section upstairs was awesome! It had a nice atmosphere because you had all the lights, music and energy of the venue, without being the middle of the crowd. New Years eve was also a blast! As an events venue, I think this place deserves 5 stars. I know some complain about the crowd it attracts, but thats what you get for being the middle of the sports stadiums. 
I have been here a number of times on regular weekends as well, and have always enjoyed my experience. I love the outdoor area, and the fact that there are so many different types of venues within one space.This place wasn't bad- not sure what all the fuss is about! They have a great outdoor area, Live music and the radio pumping through speakers everywhere, like 8 different bars under one roof? What's not to like? I enjoyed lounging on the patio and having some watermelon beers with the guys. It's great people watching. There's food if you get hungry. It's the perfect place to keep the party going after a sporting event.76ers/Flyers/Phillies all start in the 7:00 hour during weeknights.  I refer to this hour as 'dinner time'... therefore I usually end up sucumbing to rock-solid Aramark soft pretzels... or led-balloon-in-your-tummy-i-can't-believe-i-ate-the-whole-thing Crab Fries... as the vegetarian in the stadium.  XFINITY has solved this for me.  Now, I get to the area early, and swing through the Spectrum Cafe for some awesome draught beers (though they tend to not switch out their beer list... so you must literally take a tour to figure out what they actually have on draught)... and high-quality non-aramark bar food.  My latest mainstay has been the white pizza with broccoli and a side salad... split with a few friends.  The service there is accutely aware that most people are en route to a game... and therefore the understand that you may not want to be rushed... but you don't want to have to stalk down your server either... and time is of the essence.  During bigger games (Eagles) they set up the outside to become a block party of sorts.  All sorts of vendors bring stuff that we can win.  My mom won a weekend in AC there... and she was pretty stoked.  While I miss the Spectrum tremendously, dinner at XFINITY has become a new tradition for me surrounding Philadelphia Sports.  Not too shabby indeed!One of my favorite cover bands, Go Go Gadjet, was playing here for an event so I decided to check it out! The place was huge, but everyone was crowded around the main bars and stage areas making it hard to move. The atmosphere was pretty cool for a Halloween event; each part of the venue had a different theme (the main area was Oz, they also had wonderland, Chuckie's playhouse, and Rocky Horror Picture show) You did have your normal cobwebs and corn stalks, but they also had two aerial dancers climbing in long scarves that draped down from the ceiling to the floor.
The place was packed, but one thing I didn't get is why a vodka cranberry costs the same as a Miller light. Then I remembered, I was in a sports bar!
It wasn't a bad venue overall (although they did blow a breaker at one point during the show), parking was free (after 8P), and there was no cover when I first came at 9:30 (but when I went out to put my jacket in the car at midnight, there was a $20 cover). So go after 8P to get free parking, but before midnight and you should be fine!Walking in I thought this was going to be another, overcrowded, poorly serviced, mega bar, but I quickly learned that it was efficient, with great service and very short wait times. The screens are great and the food was good at all the different bars. Didn't try the raw bar, but that was by choice.Thursday Night Review only..
DRINKS - standard, cheap, good. You get what you pay for.. dollar dranks what you gonna say.
OVERALL SERVICE: come the fuck on people. (please). 
- Parking: we drive and there's a game letting out, so the guy says " go down to that corner, make a right and you can go in from that entrance. We get to that entrance, guy says " you can't come in from there, you have to go in from THERE -- ( the place we just came from). So we drive back, ignore the guy yelling at us because we're sure as fuck not going to go back and forth when they lack COMMUNICATION SKILLS with each other to run an operation..
- Wristband specials : my boyfriend and I walk around, the place is huge, essentially 4 different bars into one place. We walk into one place, I order a drink (which took 6 minutes for bartender to notice me) and ask her about the college wristbands. " Oh I don't know.. but I'll get my manager." 10 minutes pass -- I'm not sure where my manager is
I walk to a different area, the more " college-y" bar . Takes 14 minutes for a fucking bartender to come over. OK, I KNOW that they hate Thursdays. They probably have a million college students wanting the cheap ass drinks, and they don't tip. That's fucked up in my opinion, and regardless of how shitty they are, I still try to tip their assholes. Anyway. Takes 14 minutes, he comes over and says " you have to get the wrist band in the front? So.. we go get the wristband in the "front".. which takes another fucking 15 minutes. We get to the bar. This takes another 9 minutes for him to notice us. And he says " we ran out of mugs, you have to get them outside". At this point I've done lost my patience and I told him " I dont care what the fuck kind of glass you use, do I look like I give a fuck? Use those small ass cups, I don't care."  AND I still tipped him. I overheard a lot of people saying that they always serve people paying full price drinks -- but I think that's stupid. Just because they're paying full price do esn't mean they'll tip well. As long as you have a smile on your face (which NONE of the bartenders had.. fucking NONE!) and try your best with as busy as you are, PEOPLE WILL TIP YOU. maybe not all the poor ass college student. but your standard average joe and jane ( ME) will fucking tip you. But now, I'll probably never go back..
Improve your services Please and thank you. On another note, security and ID check / bouncers were very friendly and the only helpful people of the night. 
As a manager, I found this whole night extremely shameful in the way it was run.On Sunday June 21st I attended the Phillies game with about 6 family members. Afterword's we planned to get a bite to eat at Xfinity live. We were parked on the opposite side of the stadium so walking was not an option. Also, we were told we had to move our vehicle as they close the gates to the parking lot. We then looked at the Xfinity live website where it said parking was free after 2:35pm. Great we thought we will just drive over. Upon arrival we were told it would be $16.00 to park in the lot! We then asked where the free parking was stated on the website. The gentleman pointed us around the corner. We then drove there, upon getting there the ladies informed us it would be $25.00 to park. We had 2 vehicles so when discussing with the other vehicle I stated doesn't make sense since we just paid $16.00 across the street. The lady who was quite rude to say the least then shouted "well y'all should have stayed park there." In my head I was thinking that was not possibly since we were told we had to move our cars from the phillies 1st base side. At this point we said forget it and started our 2 hour drive back down to central Delaware. I have attached the screenshot where it says parking was free after 2:35pm. The service was not satisfactory. We have now crossed xfinity live off of our list of places to visit when we make it to a game. If you put something on your website you should be able to back up those claims.   We couldn't even get in the place.They wanted $21 to valet your car
They wanted $30/person minimum at the restaurant
WHAT???
There was no games  going on in the area, so there were only a handful of people.  I suppose if you want bottle service and to impress your hommies, you come here.  
But if you just want dinner and a beer, go elsewhere and save the money.Lost my dog here. I think he was over-served. Bartender should know when he takes his collar off it's time to stop. Please contact me if you find him. His paws are white and his attitude is stanky.Great bar, loved how it is laid out. Didn't feel like there was a lot of food options, but lots of alcohol. 
Will visit during large events like the halloween party, it is removed from the other Philly bars, so if I visit again it is the only bar my crew would frequent that night.XFINITY Live is a wonderful venue for watching Eagles and Temple Owls games. Great service and reasonable prices for food and drink, not to mention, huge televisions.I love the concept of this place! Management sucks tho!  The manager (sorry for not remembering her name ) couldn't be found . When we finally spoke to her , her resolution was . Next time you are in here . I'll "hook ya up". 
We were supposed to be reimbursed for parking that day due to spending over 50 dollars with receipts. They announced it over load speaker during the Eagles/Redskins game . Not sure if she had something against me or if they didn't reimburse anyone .Maybe I am missing something here. But ...
1. On a non-game evening (Friday night, 6/10) why is all of the free parking around the venue blocked off, and the only obvious parking is the $21 valet parking? Do you really not want folks to come and spend their money? Yes, we finally got into the free parking.
2. On a non-game evening (again, 6/10) the central eating/drinking establishment sets a $60/table minimum. Really? All of those empty tables, and you're turning down an order for $25 worth of pub grub and two drinks? The two of us would have been good for $45-50 (and overpriced food and drink at that), but I guess that money wasn't good enough. No, we did not stay. 
Bottom line: The owners really need to rethink what's going on here.Yesterday marked my first trip to Xfinity, right after a Phils game, but hopefully not my last. Located within easy walking distance of all the stadiums and parking lots, it's basically a no brainer to go to after a game. Because why stop the party just because the clock ran out? It's also pretty nicely set up. I'm basing this off the fact that I received a tour from my slightly drunken bf who was trying to explain it to my extremely drunken self. And I still understood what was going on, so I liked that. It doesn't look like much from the outside. However, the inside is kind of like an alcoholic food court. There is a bevy of options, including a Victory Beer Hall with long cafeteria style tables, Spectrum Grill for a more upscale environment, PBR Bar & Grill which serves Tex Mex ish food and mechanical bull riding entertainment, and then the Philly Marketplace is the open area in the middle hosting lots of local eateries and entertainment. 
Friends and I only went to PBR, in an attempt to absorb the many light beers consumed at the game. Or perhaps before the game. Food was average, the ribs were pretty decent. But because of the fact that we were outside, received really quick service, had our food within like 15 minutes of leaving the game, and the food wasn't bad, we all had such a great time. I liked that the place was crowded, but not too crowded and we could move around very easily. 
There's also a cool outdoor bar, with an open area for dancing. Such a blast, but be warned - the bartenders will toss out your drinks if left on the bar for more than 30 seconds! Apparently this is their policy, but it's not advertised anywhere and we had to wait five minutes for a manager to explain this to us. He offered us a new round, since we had originally had full beers, but still it was a bit annoying. So, know before you go!This place is best described as a huge complex of multiple sports bars.  There is the main big room in the middle with multiple bars, tables, and booths with huge TVs everywhere, and surrounding this central area are separate bars serving different styles such as beer garden style room with craft beers and a western bar with a mechanical bull. There are also large outdoor bar areas. This place was awesome to go to in between a Phillies double header!Great place to go after a ball game, or concert. They have a ton of little bars and restaurants located inside Xfinity Live. It gets very busy on weekends and they usually host a lot of beer festivals which are great.I wouldn't mind venturing here on rare occasions, as the whole place just seems dirty. In fact, the bathrooms were quite horrifying. However, it's basically got a monopoly on the bar and food scene for game day. There's also a mechanical bull, for those so inclined.This just really isn't my scene. I went last weekend for the Crobot/Lit/Buckcherry concert (rock!) and while the place is massive (5 different bars to choose from and a huuuuge tv), I got an odd vibe from the place, and I felt like I could be having more fun elsewhere. That and the drinks were expensive, and just forget about eating there, it's not great and will also cost you an arm and a leg.
Some stars for the good customer service from the employees, the clean bathrooms, and the convenience to the subway, but that's about it for me. Maybe I'll come back on an NFL day and see what's up, but I probably won't frequent this place.I realize this place has only been open for over a week but here's how I feel this goes down.
The facility in general is treated like a downtown club, yet presented like casual sports bar (or 6-7 of them). This may be biased as I realize that a glass of beer at the Victory Beer Hall may be a slight bit expensive, the way they treated their customers was substandard. 
When the patio that was built at the beer hall amongst all the bars was open, one could not reenter the bar of origin when trying to use the bathroom as the indoor bar was "at capacity" even though the consumer had purchased drinks in the bar and was intending on completing a journey from the restroom back to the outdoors (as the indoors area was crazily busy). The proprietors of the facility have not taken into account that they would need to limit the flow of customers into the indoor service area if they want to make traffic and comfort a viable option.
When walking back into the main bar, the majority of clientele could only be described as tryouts for "Jersey Shore". This is not a slight against the character of the bar, yet only a sign of the times. When I asked the gentleman guarding the entrance of the cocktail bar what he was standing next too, his appearance and demeanor established that people who weren't in suits/were "commoners" were going to have to have some financial collateral to enjoy a drink or the atmosphere of said bar and its upstairs area.
Overall I'd say that while the place is in the infant stages of being the "Xfinity" experience, they should work on not treating the area like a Jersey Shore night club and make it more friendly to those of us who enjoy craft brews at places such as the Victory Beer Hall rather than creating a sensory assault that transcends between bars.I was there for the pre-grand opening when they opened it up prior to the Bruce Springsteen show.  I realize that they weren't 100% put together at the time, but that really has no bearing on my review.  
First of all, was very excited to get there, got there and the traffic flow within the place was choppy at best.  Narrow passages to get to the bathroom.  
Did NOT at all like the fact that they have the different "themed" bars.  It was like a sad attempt at making a Disney version of Philadelphia - but we some ridiculous cowboy themed bar in the mix.  Made no sense whatsoever.  
I was unaware until reading these reviews that there even was a VIP/bottle service area - that makes me like it even less.  
The DJ was horrendous, couldn't mix songs to save his life and he was pulling some Jersey Shore wanna be DJ act and came off like a complete tool.  
Ended up hanging outside for most of the evening which, was nice.  However the corporate morons managed to even screw that up.  They had circus people on stilts walking around and jugglers and hula-hoopers walking around the crowd.  How this fits into ANY part of what they're doing there is beyond me.  
Essentially the place is very dysfunctional, made next to no sense to me at all.  Tear down those stupid themed bars and make it a giant sports bar that caters to large crowds and has the ability to comfortably serve large crowds.  Similar to McFaddens across the way.  They hit the nail on the head there reasonably well.  
I will discourage my friends from attending the Xfinity live center for all of the above reasons - however, the outside area was nice.This place is basically a giant sports bar enclosed in a circular area. It is located next to the stadium where the Eagles play and where they host a bunch of concerts. It can get super crowded when there are events but it's still a decent place to chill until the event. There are multiple sports bar inside- regular bar food and drink prices. I wouldn't come out of my way if I lived in center city to chill here unless there was a special event going on. Parking is hard to find. There are lots that charge around 25 during events.The fact that this place exists is worthy of 4 stars.  It's basically a mall of bars and eateries for tailgating purposes at the various events at the 3 connecting stadiums.  Brilliant!
A statue of Smokin' Joe Frazier greets you at the main entrance letting you know this is a place for the enjoyment of sport.  Xfinity Live has several sports bars(Victory Beer Hall, NBC Sports bar, plus more), smaller satellite bars, a couple of sit down restaurants and a few more casual eateries(Geno's, Chickie and Pete's).  Plenty of seating outdoors for the nice weather days.  They even had bean bag tables set up for free while we drank.  
With stadiums so far from downtown, Xfinity Live is needed for those who like to partake in pregame partying.  Well done Philly.Stopped in last night after the Phillies game. Really liked it from the second we walked in. Great crowd of people, tons of screens showing Flyers, 76ers and Phillies games and a handful of different areas to hang out. (As an aside, I don't think I'd come alone, but if you're with a friend or a group and want to watch a game it seems like a great place).
We were most looking forward to Victory and were super excited to try the vegan brat. After ordering a couple of beers we were told they never had the vegan brat, that they're changing the menu entirely and will no longer offer it. Totally disappointed. Mostly because we were so excited to see a really creative vegan meal on the menu - to only be told they won't even be carrying it! I'm curious as to why they are taking it off the menu and would love to see it put back on.Mediocre food, good service, local beers like Victory.  Despite getting busy, they can crank you though quickly.  Not a bad stop before a game at the Wells Fargo Center if you're looking for convenience (although there are better options).  Overall a two-star place, but when you factor in the location and realizing the expectation of a quick shot before a game, it's 3 stars.A sports guy/gals dream. Get there during a Philly sporting event and you're bound to have a good time (indoors or outdoors). I've also played on the Philly Sports Network's bags/corn hole league here -- good way to spend time in nice weather and meet people. Also keep an eye out for special events - concerts, contests, etc.i guess this place is good if you are into sports, but seriously not my scene. i came here for a friends birthday so i really wanted to give it a chance and like it. i heard about all the different bars it has to offer, but after walking into each of them, i really don't see what the difference is. ok, so one has a cover band playing, another has bull riding and the rest have what that makes them distinguished from the rest? the most entertaining area was the bull riding bar, but that is not saying much. the girls dancing around the bull riding look less than enthusiastic to even be here. yes, i realize it is a bit of a degrading job, but hey no one is holding a gun to your head to work there. might as well make the best of it and try to look like you are having a good time. usually the crowd feeds off the energy of the employees so get them excited if you want them to stay, spend money, and have a great time. i find this to be a huge disappointment based on the planning and all the hype over it. i think this facility could have been made into so much more for all the money spent building it. in my opinion it seems to have missed the mark. at least the bar tenders in the main center bar were nice and attentive.Wow, so much hatred from the folks to a place that idealizes Philly culture, super odd. As a Jersey girl, I actually am super jealous that we don't have a place like this across state lines to enjoy bar hopping during these frigid winter months.
The concept is like an indoor plaza = one bar at every corner with it's own theme and DJ, then a centralized location with another DJ or event. I came here on Halloween and the place was bumping with everyone in really amazing costumes and a sweet open bar price at $30 a person. Then we came on a regular night and enjoyed myself even more! The crowd is 21 - early 30s and super friendly.
What to expect:
The Western bar's main attraction is not the Mechanical Bull, BUT the PEOPLE riding it. Combine this with a few half naked go-go dancers and $4 whiskey shots, you will have a good time.
Then walk across the hall for some live rock music and dance on large lunch room-esque tables to sweat it out like it was 1999. The band plays all cover songs and the crowd can get pretty friendly up on the sweaty tables, so be aware.
The last small room is the hip hop room towards the back. This is my favorite room, not just because of the music BUT bc if you are a female and dance on the bar top...you get to have a FREE SHOT from a flamingo cup.
Last the main area has either a guest DJ or the last time we went a fight on their cinema theater screen which is awesome. 
Then as if the night could not get any better, there is a place that sells buckets of Chickie & Pete's crab fries and another spot that sells cheese steaks!! All the best of the best in one spot, now if they only added a Federal Donuts in here...I may just never leave.My husband and I went to see the Flyers and Bruins play Saturday afternoon 12-2-17. When we got to the Wells Fargo Center they were not open yet so we decided to grab a bite to eat. We went to the Xfinity Center and ate at the Broad St. Bullies Pub and boy their food was surprisingly palatable! My husband had the bacon burger sliders and I had the fish tacos! Yummie to both! Service was good, our waitress was very pleasant. All around cool place to hang out before the game.I go through a range of emotions surrounding any visit or plan to visit Xfinity Live.
When I'm not there, I have no interest in going to that crowded, gimmicky venue. 
When I get there, I think to myself "this is actually a really cool concept and not too bad." So many bars! So close to the stadiums! So close to the Broad Street Line!
When I deal with most employees other than the bartenders, I start to hate it again. There's no continuity with information and no one knows what's going on. A recent example is no one knew where to check in for a "VIP" party. I was bounced around to a few wrong spots then told the wrong place to stand for the line.
When I'm there for a special event or concert, I'm back on board with this being a great spot. Last weekend I saw Eve 6, Uncle Kracker, Sugar Ray and Better than Ezra for $15. I've seen Third Eye Blind, Fuel, Alien Ant Farm and Everclear there for free. They also have decent seasonal craft beerfests once a quarter.
When a sporting event lets out or the kids in their early 20s come out to party, I go back to hating it there and need to get the heck out.
Xfinity Live will never be my preferred destination, but it definitely has its positives from time to time. There's just a roller coaster experience of ups and downs to deal with along the way.I came here last night but not for the usual bar seen, they had a massive concert in the parking lot with Sam grow and Billy currington I never went inside the bar as they were having the concert outside so I cannot comment really on the bar itself but I can say that their idea of having the concert the way they did was awesome.  Security was very tight and very on the ball they were actually paying attention and worrying about what people were doing and/or drinking.  They had multiple bars outside and plenty of beer guys walking around so you never have to wait to get an ice cold one.  They had novelty cups as well as people were coming out with drinks in das boot.  If you don't know what that is its a giant glass boot from the movie beerfest.  You should go watch that movie.  Anyway yeah awesome place for a concert and if there are other concerts here which I think they will be you should attend because it was a cool expereince.Whitewashed and lame. Bad music. Poor location and guaranteed to provide a subpar night of satisfaction.Its an ok place,its not that great. Definetly not a place if you really want to dance. Nobody really dances there.Fun spot to drink. Amazing tv's!  Sometimes way too crowded but what do you expect. My only complaint is that the house DJ is HORRIBLE!   Like, really dude? Jock jams?!  Get a new DJ Xfinity! What are you thinking!This bar is the coolest thing in the world. I am from San Francisco, but every time I'm in Philadelphia for a game I make sure to go here because it is just absolutely amazing. I wish that every city had something like this because this place as a bar for everyone. if you go here you will find all the Best Foods of Philadelphia, all the best alcohol and beer, and of course an awesome sporting event. They have outdoor seating and indoor seating and TVs and even a mechanical bull. Enjoy!My fiance, cousin and I were heading to a Sixers game so it was only right to stop here before heading over. We grabbed a table at NBC center and ordered food and drinks. Our server was very soft spoken but very nice. He recommended some beers to my fiance which he enjoyed. 
For appetizer we shared the chicken quesadilla which was actually pretty tasty. For our entrees our server recommended the cajun chicken sandwich. My fiance and I both took his recommendation. My fiance did ask about the Mahi Mahi wrap which our server was very honest about. ..he said it didn't have enough flavor. My cousin ordered the chicken finger dinner. 
Our cajun chicken sandwiches were very tasty and service was good. He recommended even different beers for my fiance and he enjoyed them all. Our server had a good personality and joked around with us while we were there. 
It was a good time and we will definitely be back every time we head to a game!This place is fine and serves a great purpose for food and drink options for Philadelphia area games but the guy checking the door on 11/1/14 at the Temple-ECU game was an A-hole for no reason.  It was cold and raining outside and he was intentionally making people wait outside for no reason at a noon game.  This guy should be fired.I absolutely love this place and it's such a shame I have to rate it one star just because of the staff. The bouncers here treat you like they're your father and are authoritative wannabe badasses. Watch what you say cause one man might just throw you out for no reason. Completely classless and scummy staff of bouncers. These situations can be handled much better. Go here when it's not crowded or else you'll have a dirt bag low life lumberjack looking man tossing you out for calling him out. I'm a little guy, and I'm sure it would've gone a lot differently if I wasn't. They hide behind their roles. Bouncers at all bars in Center city are like saints compared to these a**holes. It's a shame such an amazing spirts hub can be ruined cause of staff.The items are pricey for standard items but I guess if tourist come here that is the point. I sat at the bar and the female staff she was a little rude I didn't quite catch her name. I expressed this to another staff member who took over and was very helpful and polite.I've been here a few times, before a few concerts and after a ball game. Those times, the place was still a "work in progress" or so it seemed...some of the bars weren't finished or taps were broken, outside area wasn't fully ready to handle a crowd. We stopped in last night after a Phils game to grab a beer and watch the last of the hockey game. There were 2 lines to get in and we were ushered to a 3rd line to keep the crowd moving. Nice, until we get inside after showing ID to be told if we weren't on the party bus, we needed to go back outside and get in one of the two general admission lines. After talking to one of the girls at the desk calmly and explaining this is where we were told to go, they let us in. The two main middle bars had nothing worthy of buying beer wise (coors, miller, bud. . Garbage beers being sold for far more than what a 6 pack costs). We walked down to the bar against the large screen video wall where they at least had Leines and a few ciders. There were a handful of open tables (about 9), so I grabbed one for me and my date only to be told I had to be seated by a hostess. Seriously-there was no one looking to be seated and several long tables with RESERVED signs and nobody at them. I was seated by a hostess, my date brought our beers and we were approached by a server asking if we needed anything. We politely told him no, we were good, we were just watching the remainder of the game. He said he'd check on us later. Little by little, more and more tables opened until we were the only table in the bar area with people. The server came by not once, not twice, but 8 times in 15 mins asking for food orders and rolling his eyes acting like a complete jerk when we said we were fine with our beers. I could see if he was losing money because we were taking a table away from someone looking to eat and give him a tip, but we were honestly the only people at a table at that point. It was really uncomfortable every time he walked by. My date wanted to move to another table just so we didn't have to be within eye site of this guy. Once they started playing obnoxiously loud 80's rap after the game, it was time to peace out. Mr Jerk Server walked by and snatched the menus off the table as we walked away. This place is nothing how we hoped it would be. It's transforming into a college frat crash place. There are far more fun places to get GREAT beers and better atmosphere. Not a chance I would go back anytime soon.Remember in Gladiator when Maximus would teater the line between life and death and would be walking through the fields of Elysium? I too have had these moments but instead of life and death the line I walked was between sober and drunk and instead of Elysium I would be walking through a giant sports bar completely dedicated to Philadelphia teams. 
So when I arrived at Xfinity Live Saturday for the Flyers Phillies back to back there was something eerily familiar about this place that I had only seen in my subconcious. 
I called on Thursday to reserve a booth which was a huge move as the place was pretty packed. To reserve a booth you have to spend $240 which I did not see being a problem considering the amount of time we would be staying there. The booth was in the dead center of the NBC Sports Arena and to be completely honest, it is a very close second to actually being at the game.
It's extremely loud, complete with a regulation sounding goal horn, and the Flyers after goal song. I actually lost my voice from yelling the entire game. The only thing that I found weird was that they don't have beer menus and they don't offer pitchers or beer towers. Besides that it was all good, the food was decent and they had Hop Devil on tap.
It's not cheap and we definitely surpassed the $240 minimum but everyone had such a good time it was more than worth it.  I have a feeling I'll be spending a lot of Sunday afternoons in this place too.
Thank God for Ed Snider.