Been to the hibachi twice and both times were excellent!! Had a different chef both times and each made it a lot of fun!!  Can't wait to go back againI was craving sushi and I figured since I live 5 minutes from this place decided to give it a try .Just tried this place out tonight , and let me tell you it's amazing . The sushi is very fresh and very affordable . Truly a little hidden gem on Frankford in the morell plaza . I spent $31 with my girlfriend and we got a boat load of sushi ( literally ) . My go to spot from now on . The wait staff is very nice too . Also I believe it's called Haru now . Take my money give me the sushi !!Just opened up and was told by a friend to check it out. The rolls are massive! So filling. Fresh, delicious seafood. The haru maki was also very good for an appetizer. Sushi is mostly all 50% all day. The best part surprisingly was the fried ice cream for dessert. We got vanilla and loved every second of it! BYOB and craft beer store next door. Will be back :)Stopped by and picked up sushi, firecracker roll, it was fresh and I really enjoyed it. I. Plan on coming back for dinner another night at the hibachi tables. This is a new business , the staff were friendly and quick. The restaurant was very clean.My wife and I really enjoyed the food, but one of the employees really made the experience unfriendly. I felt as if we were on the clock. We dined on a Monday and the place was pretty empty. If she calmed down, I could give this restaurant 4 stars.Sushi, value, atmosphere and service were all great.  The hot and sour soup was very spicy, but delicious. I had the sushi sashimi combo. Good portions.Great neighborhood sushi place! My boyfriend and I go at least once a month. The service is fast,the menu is large and fairly priced.The best sushi place in the northeast! Cheap and so delicious! It's also BYOB, which is great!Very tasty, a little pricey, but very good. The service was alright. I plan to come back here.It was delicious!  I'm not sure if they are affiliated with Shogun in Bensalem,  but they have the same rolls and similar decor!  My Fiancé and I went with our friends and it was delish!Came here recently with the family since we had a 25% grand opening hibachi coupon and wanted to try the "new" place to compare it to our regular place, To-Kai.  The restaurant is BYOB and there is no corkage fee as far as I was able to tell.  This is quite nice to be allowed to bring your own drinks at no charge to open them.
We came on a busy night without reservations, but we were able to get seated rather quickly, so this was a plus.  We were seated with two other families on our sides.  
The hibachi was nothing spectacular to any other that we have been to.  Same jokes and expert showmanship.  The soup and salad to start off was great!  All the hibachi food, though, was way over-salted/soy sauced/etc., and none of the meats were cooked to our requested temperatures.  Everything was well done and some items were practically burned or overdone to the point of being rubbery (shrimp/scallops).  Steak turned out to be tasty, surprisingly.  We also went for the fried ice cream dessert, but this was a big let down as the "fried" part wasn't enough, and was not crunchy or tasty.  It, too, tasted old and difficult to chew.  Even the utensils had difficulties getting through it and it was mostly left uneaten.
Another negative of the meal was that service after actually being seated was super slow.  It was way too long to get refills on water/soda, and took forever to get our bill at the end.  I'm glad I had the coupon.
My family and I overall felt that this will not be our new place for hibachi.  However, I would like to try the sushi.  
$85 with the coupon, not including tips.  The restaurant was clean, and interesting to look around.My friends and I come here often since it's good food for a decent price. We have done both the hibachi grill and also sushi at the restaurant. I prefer the restaurant since the show at the hibachi grill is basic and the food isn't as good as it is when the prepare in in the kitchen. Overall-- highly recommend it for the price and deliciousness!Sushi is great here! We order it out frequently, and sometimes eat in the byob restaurant. Either way, the sushi is always prepared with fresh ingredients that taste absolutely fantastic! We have ordered from here atleast 20 times and the order is always ready and correct at pick-up. Great service & food- I highly recommend going here!I ordered hibachi takeout and was so happy with it.  The place is gorgeous. The potion was huge and still piping hot when I got home. This will definitely be at the top of my list when I don't feel like cooking!We stopped by on the way home on a whim. The place has been open for a few months and is close to home.
The restaurant is very clean and the staff was very nice. I ordered the house salad, veggie dumplings, shrimp tempura roll and clear soup. The salad was very fresh, a bit ok the small side. The veggie dumplings were some of the best I've ever had. Shrimp tempura roll was delicious and very fresh.
We will surely go back again. We were very happy with experience. This is a good addition to the neighborhood.I thought I would come to check it out since this place opened so close to me. The ambience is nice, not too loud. The place looked clean and the waitress ready to serve. I didn't really get to eat the sushi since right now I can't eat raw fish. I did order a salmon tempura roll - not bad but wasn't feeling it too much. I ordered the pork katsu for the entree. It was so-so, the meat was too dry and the tempura kept falling off my meat as I tried to pick them up. I also ordered the hamachi kama. They said to ran out after my other dishes came out. I was a bit disappointed at that but it's okay. I was full after eating those two dishes. I actually didn't even finish the pork katsu. I would come back but I will try something else. Want to see if things improve. Thanks for reading.I got salmon sashimi and some tuna sushi very fresh very good very clean inside also I got for takeoutI always mean to take pictures of my sushi to include in my review, but clearly never have that much patience! This is my go-to sushi spot in  northeast philly - after having tried a couple places. The sushi always tastes fresh and the presentation is great. The price is extremely fair for the quality and the sushi rolls are really tasty and pretty creative.Food was very good. It's about time we got a good place to eat in the NE! It's nicely decorated & very clean.  It was a nice surprise.Very delicious. My man took me there for a date and I love it. The food is so delicious I got shrimp with rice  and vegetable & shrimp tempura sushi. They  are sooo good! The place is small, but really nice. Friendly workers and customer as well. Nice place to took someone to go there, it's delicious food. Overall, it's great.Excellent sushi at a great price. The half price sushi menu is verygood and great for kids. Miso soup is the best around. Very clean and modern decor. Service is excellent. This is my new favorite sushi restaurant is Northeast Philadelphia. I will be back with the whole family to try the Hibachi grill.I loved the food at this place. Good fast service and did I mention how good the food was??? 
We ordered like 6 different special rolls...great combinations and taste. 
Would definitely go back again. A good place to go for sushi regulars and one where newbies can try it for the first time.I was so surprised by this place. I didn't have high expectations, but was blown away. We ordered hibachi and everything we ordered was great( steak, chicken, calamari, shrimp). I was a little disappointed that everyone doesn't at least get 1 shrimp, but I guess that's not super common. We also ordered the lobster tempura sushi. It was good. I didn't like the fact that they included the lobster claw for presentation, but covered it in tempura batter and you couldn't tell the difference between the claw and the meat. Overall, great experience and we'll be back!We went here yesterday and I loved it. I didn't try hibatchi, we ate it the main dining room. We had sushi, hot and sour soup, spring rolls, and Pad Thai.  All of it was delicious!! Same owners of Sukura on street road in Bensalem. This shopping center needed a good restaurant like this and I think it will do very well. I'm so excited to have a sushi place close by!!Wanted to try a new hibachi place, and this place is definitely the spot. Prices are reasonable and not too expensive. Sushi selection is plenty. Definitely will be going back for more. Hibachi, the show is good, only difference is no shrimp but still was goodGreat sushi at a great price. I've ordered in and ordered take out, each time the sushi was fresh and prepared quickly. Very happy with this place!Huge rolls for a small price! I'm normally not into sushi but my boyfriend loves it so I decided to give this place a try and I am so glad I did. every bite was amazing. I got the caterpillar rolls-so good!Great service and atmosphere. Very clean. I gave it 4 stars because of the limited selection of specialty rolls. The rolls we ordered were delicious!Came here for dinner and was not disappointed. Sushi was fresh and the chicken pad Thai was awesome! Definitely will make a habit of coming here since I'm 5 minutes away. I only wish they would deliver but oh well. The atmosphere and decor is beautifully modern but not pretentious. Staff are nice and eager to help which is nice. Definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some good hibachi, sushi or Asian fusion that doesn't want to make the hike to old city...Stopped there on my way home from Franklin Mills mall.  Sushi to go for the family.  
Ordered way too much sushi.  Paid way to little for it.  Would gladly do it all over again.
Not the best sushi I've ever had, but it was damn good.  For the price, it excels over many other places I've been.
People working there were great - very friendly.  
If I lived closer, I'd be a regular.Have had takeout from here 2x.  They don't scimp on the servings and even takeout is pleasing to the eye.  The Seabass appetizer was excellent !  As well as their many assorted sushi rolls.  Cannot wait to dine in as this place is perfect for family or date night.  Looking forward to trying many other yummies on their menu!!!! 
2018
Different owners and name haven't been there years was not as good.I was served rotten white tuna. I ordered a white tuna avocado roll and tasted something strange. I pulled the roll apart and looked at the tuna. It had two colors as if it sat out for 3 days. I can't go backWent to lunch with the family on Saturday. We live nearby and have been meaning on checking it out for a while. It didn't disappoint. Even my 2 year old liked it.
We'll be back soon.Got takeout for my fiancé and I and everything was delicious. I ordered three different rolls and he had the teriyaki chicken. Definitely going back againMy friend and I decided to stop by for an early dinner. As both sushi lovers, we were both so excited that a place closer to Holy Family has opened. We were warmly welcomed as we came in. From the outside, I didn't expect the restaurant to be so spacious. There was another half of restaurant consisting of hibachi tables. Overall, a very pretty and clean place. While waiting for our sushi, we were even offered complimentary salads. (Obviously, I was psyched cause as a college student free is for me.) Typically, it takes forever for the sushi to come out but I was really surprised that it came out right away after we finished our salads. Our waitress was on top of her game and kept refilling our waters constantly. Sushi was great and reasonably priced. Overall, awesome place! Can't wait to come back and try their lunch bentos!  :)So I thought I'd stop in for dinner. It was just me and I ordered soup, two sashimi rolls and a noodle dish.
The waiter came back 2 times to verify my order and then two more times to ask me in what order I wanted my food. 
 I waited over a half hour for my soup and I was honestly ready to walk out  right as it came . The mushrooms in the soup were still raw. There wasn't much of any flavor to the broth. 
The rolls I ordered came out 25 minutes later. They were mostly avocado and no sashimi to them (paper thin). 
Finally my noodle dish came out. Broth was bland and noodles did not taste like buck wheat noodles as I had ordered. 
Had they been busier I might have accepted some of the time it took but some warning the soup wasn't ready would have been nice. I would have ordered something else. The guys making the rolls did a poor job as they fell apart easily and quickly. I've been using chopsticks since I was 2 so not and issue on that end. 
Completely unimpressed doubt I'll return.If I could I would give them 1.5 stars. I arrived at 9:34 and they close at 10:00. Yet I was told I could only order take out. Which I did and ate my meal in my car. I would not even say you get what you pay for. The fish was not fresh, too much sauce on every roll, miso soup horrible. I will not be returning to this establishment.Excellent! Came here to give it shot, completely satisfied with Nick service. We didn't wait long to be asked for drinks, then for food the fiancée and I already knew what we wanted. We orders Love Boat for Two, came with Miso Soup, salad, 10 sushis, 15 sashimi and California rolls (I think I forgot one more item that came with). The presentation of the plate was phenomenal, good variety of sashimi and really delicious. Our waiting time was on point, mind that we came on a Saturday at 4:30pm, but Nick always kept the customer service ongoing. The place looks nice, the music volume was at a decent volume that you aren't competing when having a conversation. We definitely will come back!I have came here a few times now and it is always fresh and delicious. The sushi menu is half price and full of some really good options. It is also a BYOB for any that are interested. Great sushi place in this area.Best fried rice and California rolls I've had. Beautiful restaurant too. Hoping to do my birthday there. Affordable too.They have excellent hot tea and spacious booths that will comfortably seat 6. The prices are fair, food is good and there is ample free parking.We were here 2x in the last month, I had California roll and a tempura scallop roll and both were excellent. I also had tempura vegetables were some of the best ever. My wife had shrimp pad tai which was also very goos. There was enough food to feed 4 people. We live 2 blocks away and this will be a regular stop.Not very good sushi. Salmon seems fresh but the rolls lack flavor. The rock shrimp is definitely NOT rock shrimp. More like battered fried shrimp drizzled with some odd sweet sauce. Probably won't come back here. Maybe to try the hibachi but definitely not sushi.My go to spot for sushi. So good. Great variety. Always fresh. Good prices. The spring rolls are awesome too!! The rock n roll is AMAZING.This place was dead on a Tuesday night we had great service the food was good and it's byob and the bathrooms were the cleanest ones I've seen anywherethe sushi were okay, but everything else wasn't, the sweed salad was too salty, beef negimaki was too light, the udon noodle were too chewy, and the broth was too light, and the service? not really any service at all, never came to check on us, and the host in front, was just way too busy on her phone.This place is the truth! Next time i go i'll snap a pic. Just go. Food is good and the prices are ridiculously cheap. Avocado rolls for $2.50. I usually get like 4 orders.The quality, ambience and pricing are worth coming and enjoying. Me and my fiancé were a little bit skeptical about the whole 50% off and what type of rolls we were gonna be limited to but to our surprise is all day and all rolls. We Order the Love boat and the amount and quality were on point. Also it includes Miso soup and salad. usually the miso soup on there type of restaurant are just bland but their Miso soup as very savory and nice and hot. That's without counting their variety of food in the menu is great they even have Pad Thai! Definitely worth trying.I have been here multiple times and always order out. They're deals are amazing and the quality of their food is even better. Several girlfriends and I did Hibachi one night (BYOB is a major plus) and the chef had us completely entertained. We love sushi and we're also able to order some while at the Hibachi area. There have also been times where I just sat at a normal table and ordered hibachi food. I recommend going during the day for their lunch specials. I recommend it all; scallops, chicken, steak, shrimp etc. They will even accommodate any sushi you like if it is not on their menu. Overall, clean, great food, excellent service.They don't have available listed manu options. Rude Chinese waitress in "Japanese " restaurant didn't understand order and accused me in not being specific. Restaurant used to be great when they just opened,  downgraded now.Horrid !!! Never ever go here!   Sashimi dinner.... whatever did not taste defrosted literally tasted like bleach actual bleach. Which is how you save bad fish.  The quality was so bad.  I understand what you get from these types of "strip mall" 50% joints. it is what it is, but this was so bottom of the barrel.  Holy F man!!  If you get sushi its doctored with rice spicy mayo and drizzles.  Get sashimi cause you can't hide anything and see what you get.  Taste like the pennypack creek. Don't go here, dont ever eat at this S... Show.Good sushi. Ordered from here a few times so far, even ordered it at work and picked up. I think they have reasonably priced sushi. The tuna dumpling is really good.My go-to sushi restaurant. Sushi is reasonably priced and always fresh. However the service can sometimes be slow and honestly the hostesses at the desk are always super rude, talk like you're not there and eye roll when people come in! It gets super crowded with take out on the weekends too. If you dont mind some slow service this is a good spotTremendous sushi, hibachi, and service. They give generous amounts of food for the price. Very clean interior. Went with the family and had a fun time!Have had takeout from here 2x.  They don't scimp on the servings and even takeout is pleasing to the eye.  The Seabass appetizer was excellent !  As well as their many assorted sushi rolls.  Cannot wait to dine in as this place is perfect for family or date night.  Looking forward to trying many other yummies on their menu!!!!Must try The Sexy Lady!  The sauce on it is excellent!!   Clean big bathrooms and food was great.Great lunch specials on bento box..Japanese fried rice is good.. all the food is great so far..This place is awesome! Customer service is on point. Jing was wonderful and welcoming. Food was good and affordable!Food is quite good. 
Very reasonable prices.
Nuff said.First all its in an old blockbuster, never thought it would be so nice inside. The food was outstanding and the prices are VERY good. Went with my family, wife had chicken and my son had the salmon. Both of them said it was great. I had scallops and shrimp, not only was it great the price around $12.00. i highly recommend this place. Its a hidden gem and the Hibachi was cool (BYOB).  I will be going back.I was really excited that a sushi place opened in Morrell Plaza, where I wind up eating dinner once a week. After trying Haru Habachi Sushi, I've concluded that this WILL be my weekly dinner spot.
This review is for the 50% off sushi. I could easily get three maki rolls here each week without hitting the $10 credit card minimum. They have a variety of vegetable sushi rolls, including some that I haven't seen before: broccoli tempura, peanut avocado, spicy asparagus. I tried each of those, plus a red snapper roll. They were all good, yet all (except the predictable red snapper roll) were not what I had expected.
Broccoli tempura:
I EXPECTED (for some dumb reason) the crispy crunchiness of a good shrimp or chicken tempura. 
WHAT I REALLY GOT was good-textured broccoli (softer than crisp-tender, but certainly not mushy) coated in a thin, almost rice-papery batter. I ate it without additional condiments, and it was flavorful.
Peanut avocado:
I EXPECTED rich fresh avocado, but kind of bland generic grocery-store type peanuts, crushed up a bit.
WHAT I REALLY GOT was flavorful peanuts, whole ones that I guess were cooked in some way that gave them a surprising amount of savoriness.
Spicy asparagus:
I EXPECTED (again, dumb, probably) something akin to spicy tuna or spicy crab, where the "spicy" is somehow mixed in with the filling.
WHAT I REALLY GOT was asparagus, cooked well (again, softer than crisp-tender, but definitely not anything close to mushy), wrapped in sushi rice, and topped with spicy mayo. Initially looking at it, I expected this to be my least favorite roll, but it probably wound up being my favorite.
Red snapper:
Red snapper is pretty mild and predictable, so no surprises here. The fish was fresh, as far as I could tell. I don't know why I chose snapper - it's always a little boring.Great lunch specials on bento box..Japanese fried rice is good.. all the food is great so far..We come here once a week. We love this spot!! Delicious food, great service and even better deals. I recommend this place to everyone in hopes to recruit more customers for this place. Now my friend and her family come all the way up from south philly just to eat at Yomato.Great sushi and i dont have to leave the area to get it... The 50% sushi craze is live and well here. Great food and prices for sushi. The hibachi section looks nice, will have to try it sometime. Our sushi order changes every time we come here but believe we have tried all the non eel rolls and haven't had a bad one yet. The kani salal is also great. Will be back for sureThe best sushi and Japanese food in philly hands down.  Great service and great atmosphere and can't beat the price.Do not be fooled by the location/exterior. Very good habachi and sushi at a great price. BYOB, rarely a wait time and a wide variety of meals. The meal is always very consistent and delicious.Best spicy tuna roll Ive ever had!!! The staff is always attentive and friendly and ready to serve. The drive is somewhat far from my house but I will always go out of my way to get some awesome sushi. My friend turned me onto them about a year ago and Ive never had sushi like this since.This was my first time ever there and my last time! they were the Most rudest people everr! We made a reservation for 6 for the hibachi and were 5 mins late she wouldn't let us sit! But it wasn't that it was the fact she didn't say it in respectful way was my ending point and made me leave!I order Hibachi rice shrimp and salmon with side order lobster tail . It was really good.Went here tonight with my mother for dinner at 5:45!! The place was DEAD ON A FRIDAY NIGHT !! WEIRD !!!! We sat down the first thing the hostess said "you have to order two habachi dinners to sit here " no shit !!! What do you think we came for !!!! I asked the lady who sat us for two glasses of ice since it was a byob. She told me to ASK MY SERVER !!! Well sitting there for 20 mins not ONE PERSON CAME UP TO GET A DRINK ORDDER OR EVEN ASK IF WE WANTED TO ORDER!! The cooks were sitting in the back just looking at us !! Then they went into the back and kept looking out the window making us feel uncomfortable!!! I got up and when to the front and started flipping out !!! I purchased a gift card for my mother's bday and told them I wanted my money back !! They were so rude and unprofessional! Didnt even say sorry for the bad service! She said sorry we can't do that !! NEVER WILL I GO BACK !!! ALSO IT WAS 30 degrees out and they don't even put the heat on ! It's freezing in there ! Workers wearing jackets !! PLEASE DONT GO HERE !!!!! Don't waist your money or time !First time I ever had sushi I came here the other day and now I'm hooked on it very good and fresh. Spicy shrimp roll highly recommended.The young, female manager/owner's niece is a spoiled little brat who has the worst, awful customer service skills!  She messed up my pick-up order and gave it to someone else, had a nasty attitude, refused to apologize or discount my food and expected me to wait on her own time while she flirted with the sushi chefs. We will never be back here!!! That girl is a disgrace and embarrassment to her family and company.We like Yamato very much.  Good menu options with a lot of variety for both raw and cooked foods.  I especially like the vegetarian sushi options and their signature Yamato roll is a favorite.
The staff is friendly and accommodating to special requests.  Prices are reasonable and take orders, which we do often are always correct and nicely presented.  It is our goto sushi place in the area.If i could give no stars i would. The lady at the register was RUDE ASFFF! We didn't even eat there because her attitude was disgusting. NOT HOW YOOUR CUSTOMERS SHOULD BE TREATED.One of our "go to" sushi restaurants. On our first visit shortly after they opened my youngest daughter pointed at the sushi boat and said: I wish our sushi would come out on that! I told her we're not ordering enough, it's used for larger parties. I suppose our waitress overheard her and arranged for our sushi to be presented on a sushi boat. It made my girls extremely happy! About the food: it's our go to for a reason. It's probably the freshest sushi I've had in a long time and I wasn't expecting that type of quality from a sushi place set in a shopping center. It has a downtown feel to it but set in a NE neighborhood. There's also an amazing six pack store located conveniently next door so grab a few beers to complement your sushi! (I recommend Sophie by Goose Island)I never knew you can eat at a hibachi without being seated at the actual hibachi table, let alone take it out. That works perfect for me. I've ate here twice so far but I know it won't be my last. The hibachi shrimp is so good. The two sauces they give you to go w food os also amazing. The soup has a pretty good flavor but the ginger dressing on the salad is a bit bland for me. I'm only basing it on other hibachi places I've had with better tasting dressing. The interior is very cute dimly lit which I love. Fountain drinks are free refills. sushi prices are great. A lot of different options too. BYOB is definitely a plus!! Parking lot is free and also fills quickly being its in a shopping center.I've been coming here for Months to Years. 
Living in N.Y I moved to P.A a while ago, I tend to travel back and forth all the time.
Yamato has been my go to spot daily, I'm not exaggerating. Sometimes 2-3 times a week. 
The Sushi is always fresh, cuts are always on point and the flavor of Sushi/sashimi is always distinctively perfect. 
Compared to the spots I visit up in Queens/Brooklyn I still prefer Yamato. 
Prices are good and the staff is even better. 
If you're looking for really good sushi to dine in or take out (I tend to do take out) I highly recommend this place. 
It's funny, as I'm writing this review I'm about to put in an order now, now that's quality in food and service you can't find anywhere.Nice staff, clean place, always fresh seafood. Call ahead if you're coming within 30 min of their closing time.  I came to get a takeout order on my way home and they were already closed. Eat in is consistently good.  Staff not very friendly but competent.  Great sushi and offers a half price menu. Haven't experienced the hibachi side.Very clean joint with great sushi. Wonderful staff here. Hibachi food brought to the table is good as well. I like coming here for a nice lunch.My sister and I discovered Yamato last year as we were looking to find a sushi restaurant with lots of options in the Northeast. As soon as we went to Yamato last year, we've become obsessed with taking our friends and spreading the word to other Philadelphians. Everything on Yamato's menu is delicious!! The service is always attentive and quick. They are always smiling. I couldn't recommend Yamato enough for when you're craving for sushi and other Japanese food.