Definitely not a fast food place,  but an affordable yet classic upscale Chinese restaurant. Everything is made fresh, so it takes time: approx 30min, but when you get your food you will see it was worth the wait. The cuisine is tasty and has clean, fresh flavors. If you order out, give them at least 40 min, like I said, it is made fresh when ordered and it gets very busy.I'm so glad to have this Chinese restaurant in my neighborhood. There are a few other takeout places, sure, but this place is both: nice dining room and a pleasant restaurant, OR convenient takeout. My orders are always ready in ten minutes or less, the service is friendly, and the menu is extensive. 
The location next door to TLA Video makes for a great, easy video + takeout night. And it's really convenient when you're sick and all you want is some hot soup and a good movie.
Their house wonton soup is excellent, and any dishes I've ordered have always been tasty.I'm updating this, like, a day after I originally reviewed it. Because I went in last night for table service and they were SO NICE. Friendliest people ever, I swear. The tea refills kept coming on a frigid night such as that one, and it made for an extremely pleasant dining experience. They're on the ball at this place.I have gone there several times and have always been delighted. Love the duck.We have returned to this place! We often went for sit down and take out when the TLA in the same plaza was open and we rented videos mainly for the kids. Well that is over so we haven't found our way to the bottom of Chestnut Hill. Quite accidentally we stopped on a Saturday afternoon later on. Excellent food, great service, the place has not missed a beat in its quality. My wife remarked several times that night at home "That was delicious". Cost reasonable. It is now a BYOB, and thats ok too. We will return, making the pilgrimage all the way from Frankford. Its worth it.I had dinner with a client last night. Vince and his wife greeted us in their usual friendly manner. Linda, our server, was very patient. Being that it was a dinner meeting. Outstanding Seaseme Shrimp! Out of all the Chinese cuisine choices in the hill, they have by far stellar selection, portions and atmosphere. Two thumbs up!This is unfortunate to have chicken fried rice and shrimp fried rice with only onions & bean sprouts, no green peas, no carrots, no scallions, little or no egg?? Not good at all.Never coming back here again. This place is not clean (I rather not say what I saw there). The waitress was okay but she kept starring waiting until we cleared the table so she could go on with her cleaning, etc. I felt rushed.Yu Hsiang Garden is a solid neighborhood Chinese eatery on the border of Chestnut Hill and Mt. Airy in Philadelphia.  It's been around forever because it has a niche in the local dining scene that it does well.  This is not gourmet Chinese....it's basic, hearty and tasty Cantonese cuisine.  And at a reasonable price in very attractive surroundings.  Their lunch specials are a tremendous value - two courses beginning at six dollars.  And in addition they deliver to the nearby northwest Philly neighborhoods if you want to eat at home.We needed to find a new favorite Chinese since Lucky Star fire...and we found it. Delicious, creative and friendly neighborhood spot. From start to finish...awesome. Can't wait to head back with family and friends. BYOB, too!How have I lived in Lafayette Hill for 15 years and missed this gem?!? Simply put, it's the best Chinese food I've had in Philly. Highlights of my dinner included: the special pan-fried duck dumplings, which were not too doughy and bursting with flavor; the obligatory spare ribs, best I ever had; flavorful egg drop soup and spicy Tom Yum seafood soup for two; the sesame lamb was incredible and left CinCin's lamb in the dust; sliced pork with eggplant in lemongrass and spicy garlic sauce was excellent; beef chow fun was also very good with perfectly textured noodles and just the right amount of sauce. My MIL had the orange beef which she loved. Also had the tofu vegetable casserole for a nice vegetarian accompaniment. Even the lo mein was excellent. Food is fresh and clearly made with attention to detail. We chatted with Vincent, the owner, who is an excellent host and praised his chef, who may be a little militant in the kitchen, but you take the good with the bad when the food quality is off the charts! This visit was my first, but definitely won't be my last. Proof that you don't have to go to Chinatown to get authentic Chinese cuisine.We really enjoy this restaurant.  Many of our friends and family have eaten there with us.  All of us enjoy their food and serviceDon't order the sushi!!!!! They tried to served me warm sushi, the salmon and the cream cheese wasn't cold yet they told me that's how it's suppose to be! Yea ok! As if that was my first time eating sushi!Learn something new daily... I never knew it was #2.
Dine in here is pretty decent.  It's a nice spot for a date.  Don't expect to be served quickly, even if you are the only table seated.  The wait staff is pretty friendly and don't do all the personal stuff (like sitting down and talking about their boyfriends...yes I've had this happen) and the environment is overall very calm and serene.
You get seated quickly (you be the judge of whether thats a positive for your overall view on this place) and they have a very large variety of different styles of Asian cooking (with even a little hint of Indian spice sprinkled in).  
They do do delivery, the system by which they do it is a bit awkward, and the area they deliver to is "limited" (though, I'm sure if your wallet isn't as "limited", they will try to cater to you).
The food is quality, a bit price in my humble opinion, maybe not perfectly priced for what you end up getting, but the food is good enough.  
I don't have much negative to say, but I also don't have much extra-ordinary to say.  It's a decent establishment, with not too many hangups, and an overall basic appeal to it.This restaurant doesn't look like anything special from the outside, but the food is amazing. It might be the best Chinese food I have ever had, which is saying a lot considering how many Chinese food restaurants there are in the area. The lunch special is especially easy on the wallet. I've had the general tso chicken and the sweet and sour chicken and both were great.The food was good but I don't know a Chinese restaurant that don't serve rice with the order . I didn't know it until  I was home , I wish they would've told me I could've order some ,I ate my garlic chicken without rice which was so disappointing.People always forget about this place but it's the best Chinese food in Chestnut Hill.Best Chinese cuisine in the area! We've lived on the hill for a couple years now and have eaten here at least a dozen times, all without disappointment. We have tried ALL the other Chinese restaurants in the area and none can stand up to this one, especially at this price. The food is always hot and super flavorful, and the portions are very generous. The staff always remembers us and they're so nice! One time they forgot our white rice but made it right for our next visit. Trust me, we tried to like other places for the sake of variety/availability but this is the best Chinese food in the area!I've only picked up take out but love their great, friendly customer service. Their food is very good!There aren't enough stars to rate this restaurant. I love the people and the food. I've been going there for YEARS and know them all by name. Specifically, I recommend the hot and sour soup - I've gotten my whole family hooked on it. I bring it to every friend who is sick, as well. Fixes you right up. 
Don't be fooled by the tucked-away bottom of the hill location - this place is the BEST.We love Yu Hsaing. I have always given 5 star reviews and I considered not writing this review and giving them the benefit of the doubt. But then I heard someone else had a less than stellar experience and feel I must make mention of our experience on Christmas night.
We arrived around 7pm and the place was already in trouble. There was a line to be seated and people pushing past the line insisting they called for a table. Everyone got seated and then the wait began. A waitress gave us a small pot of tea and some crispy noodles and didn't come back for over half an hour.
BUT, it was Christmas. I heard lots of customers being rude, as they berated the staff for lack of service. So we waited, patiently. 
We ordered a special seasonal wonton soup. A lovely looking soup with big pieces of shiitakes and wontons in paper thin wrappers. When I bit into the wonton - the center wasn't cooked. It took probably ten minutes to get the waitress's attention and when I did - she immediately took off for the kitchen - without removing the soup or saying anything.
5 minutes later she returned with a bowl of wontons - saying they would be better. The soup was cold and I wasn't sure I wanted cooked wontons. Either way, I was sceptical and this time cut the wonton in half. These were not just raw - they were refrigerator cold in the center.
This time it took 10 minutes to get the managers attention. Again, he did nothing but run off and in 5 minutes the owner/Vincent arrived at our table. We explained, he took the soup and said he would take it off the bill.
BUT the check came and it was still on the bill. When my husband went to talk to Vincent - he over heard other regular customers complaining. One guy said, "Vincent, this is a disaster." My husband told him - "You can't be serving people raw pork." Vincent agreed.
I'm not sure what I think. Our experience here is usually wonderful. IF I was giving a rating for just this experience - I would give NO STARS. 
I ate raw pork! I was nauseous at the thought. It felt as if no one cared. If I were giving a grade on how Yu Hsaing dealt with the raw pork - that too would be NO STARS. 
I am sure we will return - at least one more time - but it could be quite a while.Visiting Philly for a conference, we're staying at an Airbnb nearby, walking distance. This place was great. Thanks to Sara P. for recommending the crispy Hong Kong style noodles with veggies. It was delicious. 4 stars for great food and service, I just thought it was a bit pricey ($32 for 2 dinners, no drinks). But then again I realize this is quite reasonable for a pretty swank neighborhood and I live in little Luray Virginia.super cool mgmt went out of there way to make a delivery....im a fan of their 'singapore noodles'
i go out of my way to eat here...you should too.Had the best Chinese food I ever tasted here, which was the thai style crispy chicken. Dined in and had the lovely tea, cabbage, and crispy wontons before the meal. We did not like the minimum order rule for dining in, but otherwise great.I have been here a couple times. The place looks shabby on the outside but once you enter past the would be bar (it's a BYOB) it lightens up and is quite nice. The service is prompt and the waitress' have been nice. Like most Asian restaurants the lunch combo menu is well priced and a full plate of food. The tea and noodles are always a nice amenity to any meal and here this is no exception. I ordered the Kung pao and was very happy with my choice. Not as spicy as I would have liked, but still delicious. The hot and sour soup is the best I have ever had, and it has been on several occasions so I believe it not to be a fluke. The person I went with ordered the egg fu young and was satisfied but not overly impressed. The other person I went with ordered the sweet and sour shrimp on two occassions, she was extremely happy with this order and I think she will order it again when we go back. 
For lunch, I would highly recommend stopping in here if your in the area. This could be my new favorite Chinese food spot. I will be going back for dinner with my fiancé, and I hope the food is as good as their lunch.Do not order delivery unless you have an hour or two on your hands! 
If they couldn't make it they should say so, but they make empty promise instead. 
No es bueno!The Citron Duck, with mango, lychee and pineapple....one word.....PERFECTION! 
If you want to have date night with the hubby or lunch business meeting, Yu Hsiang Garden is the place to hold it!Ok.  So it is not cin cin.  It is solid good take out/delivery Chinese.  Dumplings are great.  Chicken curry and grandfather chicken are also good.  Give it a try.  You will like it.I had completely forgotten about Yu Hsiang Garden for a few years and was going to Kings Garden up Germantown Avenue. Kings Garden went down hill very quickly and I was looking for good food that was local. I decided to try Yu Hsiang again and can't remember why we ever stopped going there! The service is great. They totally went out of their way to make a delivery to us on a snowy night. The food is fresh. I ordered the pineapple chicken and it was served in a carved out pineapple. The veggie dumplings are out of this world. I love the marinated cabbage and veggies they put on the table and also include in takeout orders. Go a few times and they will remember who you are.Did I hit this place on a bad night? Chef sick or in the Bahamas? Otherwise, I can't imagine how this place has managed to get such good reviews from people. I ordered the miso soup, a spring roll and Singapore noodles, all for delivery. 
The good parts first: everything was delivered before they had told me, and the food was hot. Also, they included chopsticks and got the order right. The miso soup was decent but forgettable. 
Now for the really awful part. There were a lot of noodles. A lot. Half of them were completely untouched by any sauce whatsoever. The others had an uneven mix of a sauce or topping that only tasted like raw curry powder. There were virtually no veggies--only a single sliver of scallion. None of it was mixed or integrated.
The spring roll was greasy and filled with limp, unidentifiable vegetables. 
There were quite a few shrimp, but they were those small frozen shrimp, and they, too, had no sauce or topping. I picked out the shrimp and ate them. I couldn't figure out how to salvage the noodles or spring roll, so I tossed it all out.
The fortune cookie seemed fresh, but I didn't crack it open. With food as bad as that, I could only imagine how awful my fortune would have been.Our order was pretty simple since it was the first time ordering from here (delivery). We ordered, General Tsos, veggie lo mein, pork dumplings, wonton soup, and of course egg rolls. Food is fresh, full of flavor. It seems like they make everything from scratch.. duck sauce, egg rolls, noodles... literally everything!! Could not be happier, this will be our regular spot.This is a great neighborhood spot at the right price point. I stopped in for the first time and I was impressed, I dont really take the chance on new Chinese spots but I decided to let the good reviews lead the way. Good thing because it was a good experience. 
    Upon walking in, the place was very clean and staff was extremely friendly and attentive. Prices are what you expect and quality was on point as well. I tried a variety of items and all was to my liking. 
    The veggie lo mein wasnt drowned in grease and had a fair number of crisp vegetables in it. The pork buns were steamed nicely and packed with amazing flavor, wontons crisp and drained correctly, bubble tea I would order again.
     Overall for a convenient neighborhood spot I would order again and reccomend to try. Great service, great food with the option to dine in, great people at a familiar price point. Well done.My go to Chinese food in the neighborhood. Staff and owners are so nice, and I've never had a problem with delivery or food. I love their dim sum and the grilled chicken vermicelli is my go to favorite dish. We would dine in more if there were a bar, not sure if it's byob though.Best Chinese/Asian food in the Northwest Philly area! They don't overdo it with "filler veggies" (like other places that always use tons of celery and baby corn), and they have a lot of interesting items on their menu. My husband loves the "Seafood Splashdown" which has jumbo shrimp and scallops, mixed veggies, with lemongrass sauce and cellophane noodles. I enjoy the Thai Style Crispy Chicken. The Crab Rangoon are filled with lots of crabmeat, instead of just being cream cheese and scallions. Everything is super fresh tasting and the portions are a decent size.This is our go-to place for Chinese food, and my wife is Asian. The food is consistently delicious, and the service provided by the owner is always friendly and attentive. He's on a first name basis with most of the customers, which is always a good sign. Even if this restaurant wasn't the closest to my house, I would make the effort to travel the extra distance to go here!Just had a great dinner here--my friend and I ordered 6 fried  vegetable dumplings as an appetizer, and two entrees to split: chinese eggplant with garlic sauce (mild), and a special, tempura crispy flounder with ginger and scallion sauce. So incredibly yummy, we had way too much food and it was delicious. She took it home with rice and will probably have a couple of lunches from it. Still thinking about that food...I dined here a week ago. It's at the bottom of Chestnut Hill you won't experience the hustle and bustle of so many people. 
When we arrived we were greeted very nicely.  I was shocked as I've never been greeted so in any Asian restaurant I've dined in. Seating was quick. 
The service was good. The food portions were big enough that two people could share.
The marinated cabbage was very good and flavorful. We ordered seconds! I had the shrimp egg foo young and it was fresh! The shrimp actually were a nice size and not over cooked. I'm looking forward to going back to try something new. 
They have a parking lot too. 
Enjoy!For our annual Christmas Eve family dinner, we selected this restaurant because of its ratings. Unfortunately, we didn't have an experience similar to that of other Yelpers. Given that it was a busy evening, there were several missteps that we had no problem overlooking (e.g., five people seated 4-top, multiple requests for wine glasses, etc.). However, after waiting approximately 45 minutes for our food, we started to lose patience. The owner/manager came by the table to inform us that it was a busy night, but the kitchen was cooking our food. Entrees ordered by two people were eventually served, followed by an additional dish served 20 minutes later. When we asked when the dishes for the remaining members of our party would be out, we were told that there are different cooks in the back - one of whom is much slower than the other. When another 15-20 minutes passed without the other two people (including my mother) being served AND two other tables (one 3-top and one 5-top) that were seated 30 minutes after us receiving their entrees, I went to the owner/manager to complain about the service we were experiencing. However, rather than take responsibility for our experience, he "restaurant-splained" that chicken egg foo young is a dish that takes a very long time given that you must "cook the raw onions and bean sprouts in the oil". At this point, we became acutely aware that he did not care about our experience or business. So, we requested that all of our food be packaged to go so that we could salvage our family dinner in the comforts of our own home.
Given that the holidays are a time for benevolence and tolerance, I must look on the bright side and say that I am grateful for the opportunity to have spent quality time with family. However, if I move beyond Christmas present and think about the future, I sadly and sincerely doubt that we (individually or collectively) will revisit Yu Hsiang Garden.If you're looking for real, quality, tasty Chinese food this is the place to get it! I was put off by Chinese food for a while because of how greasy, fatty, and bread-y it can be. Not at this place! The food is always fresh and the ingredients are quality. Not only is the food amazing but so are the people working there. They are super kind and friendly and service and delivery are always efficient. This is by far the BEST place to get Chinese around Chestnut Hill.I only ate here once for lunch.  Not bad, but nothing memorable.  Good service and nice staff.  I usually eat at Cin Cin, Kings Garden sometimes or takeout from New china.  2 of those three have very memorable items.  I'd still consider giving it another try though.I eat here usually once a month. They don't ever make the food spicy enough for me, but it's still great .They substitute white rice for brown rice and give me fresh tofu instead of fried every time. 
They're great there and really friendly. They are quick and attentive. I always go in the evening after 7:30 and it is never busy, but that's not a bad sign because their food is great. 
I have been eating the Vegetable Noodle Hong Kong style with Tofu. The dish is fun to eat and they serve it with a steak knife because of the crispy noodles. It is flavorful and fresh tasting. 
The Tom Yum soup with Shrimp is so good. It is very spicy and sweet and they serve it in a large bowl with a ladle. The portions here are always large. I always take food home. 
Even the steak is great. The spring rolls are average. Everything is served hot, sometimes so hot I have to wait for it to cool down. 
The poo poo platter is a good variety of appetizers.  It is served with a mini fire, so you can cook the meat  to a well done temp if you'd like. It has a good variety of ribs, fried dumplings and other meat  appetizers. It's actually most of the appetizers from the menu. 
It is in a strip mall. Parking is easy.Not all that impressed, especially for the price. The place is outdated and run down (a utility door behind our table was sealed with clear tape) and the server reminded me of an Asian April Ludgate.
The soup and appetizers were unexceptional, but we really enjoyed the banana fried shrimp, which was like nothing I've had before and I can definitely imagine myself craving it at some point in the future. So I don't think we'll be dining in again, but they'll do for take-out.This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the area, hands down!
First of all, they have a vegetarian soup. Not a soup with veggies that is made with chicken broth. No, an actual vegetarian soup. This is a big deal to me because I grew up eating soup as the first course at Chinese restaurants and now that I'm a vegetarian I can never get soup anywhere we go. Try the vegetarian noodle soup. It's hot, filled with thin noodles, and stocked with real vegetables.
Try the mock general tso's chicken. It's delicious and vegetarian. Vegetable lo mein is greasy in all the ways you want lo mein to be.I ordered general tso's  ( grandfather chicken) and veggie lomein. It came in generous portion and both dishes were very good for a standard Chinese American restaurant. The general tso's chicken had good flavor, came with steamed broccoli and the lomein was made perfectly, good balance of vegetables and noodles, not too greasy. My order came in about 30 minutes, as the lady taking my order said it would (I ordered during non peak hours). Would order from them again next time i get a craving for Chinese!Every once in a while you get that Chinese food craving and i'm happy Yu Hsiang was nearby to help for the cause. Placing an order here is simple and you can be in and out in 15 minutes ("to-go Orders"). I will say that I am impressed by Yu's portion sizes. They give you plenty of food! Ordering two main dishes you can easily split with three people. They are happy to give you as many sauces, soup chips, and hot oil to take home. 
Overall i love their service and the food is delicious.Best Egg Fo Young!!! Garlic Sauce over shrimp Egg Fo Young was excellent, and the quality of the food was outstandingWow. Where do i start?! This was a favorite until tonight. I ordered vegetable fried rice to go and when I  got home and opened it, it was so YELLOW  and had LOTS of egg, plus the cabbage was in huge squares. I should have asked for no egg, like I usually do.  I called to ask if I could exchange it for another and the owner started SCREAMING at me, saying, "I remember YOU, you call and complain every time you order something!! (I couldn't get a word in) come back, I'll give you your money back and you don't have to come here no more!!!" I'm thinking that he has me confused with someone else. I told him that only one other time there was a problem..about a year ago I ordered shrimp fried rice and there was one black shrimp, entirely black shrimp in the bottom of the box and quite frankly, I was afraid to eat any of the rice because of the bad shrimp. When I called last year, he was nice about it--said things happen and asked me to bring it back for something else. Because it was so late and I didn't want to come out again, I asked if I could just get something next time I order. He agreed. A few months later I went in and he remembered me and well, I got something else and he credited me. He was cordial and businesslike. I don't get why he went off on me like that. When I mentioned to him tonight about the one other time with the very dark SCARY shrimp, he screamed again and said there is no such thing as a black shrimp. I said that I knew that and that it must have been a bad (rotten) one. He said that he would NEVER serve anything rotten and again told me to come back for my money so he never has to see me again. I can't believe what transpired here--He was a lunatic!!!!! Anyone who knows me KNOWS that I am not a chronic complainer. But, I will certainly call to return something if it's not right. I will NEVER set foot in this restaurant again-he can keep my money. And, I will tell everyone I know about his bad business style. Btw, the rest room is filthy. Jerk.Blorf. Many items are just gloopey or slimy. We went to Yu Hsiang Garden for about the fourth time today. It was noon and we were the only customers. This is at a place that has about 100 items on the menu. It seems literally impossible that they could keep fresh ingredients to make all those dishes. The interior is depressing. Give it a miss.My group ordered 3 different meals and pretty much each of them all tasted the same as if they all were cooked in the same sauce. 
Orange chicken
General Tao Tofu
And Sesame beef.
It's understandable that they may have the same base of garlic sauce, but they all were pretty much the same taste with a different protein.This place is sooo good!! My family has lived a few blocks away for years and I don't know why we never tried it. First of all, the food is delicious-- fried rice, shumai, duck are some of the things we've tried so far and it's all literally perfect for the kind of chinese take out Im looking for. Second, everyone that works there on the phone and when I've gone to pick up the food is so nice and efficient. Definitely try this place!I've been coming here for a few years now and I really enjoy it.
The food tastes better than your average Chinese restaurant and they have a variety of dishes. I've sampled a lot of different things and each has been a large serving (I often get a few meals from one dish). When you dine in you get complementary cabbage salad, crispy noodles and tea.
Recently, I've been disappointed that it seems the fresh pineapple choices on their menu have been unavailable. They use to offer chicken/beef/pork/shrimp with veggies served in half a pineapple. It was soooo good, and still listed on the menu, but every time I order it they tell me they are 'out today'. 
Restaurant is generally pretty quiet with only a few wait staff.Came to Germantown for a meeting 11/6/19, had dinner at Yu Hsing Garden.  Food was great, waiter and waitress were nice. I would give 4.8 stars to the food and 5 stars for the service. Highly recommended.Sorry to have to write this, but...  I was craving Chinese and didn't want to make the haul to SangKee, so I ordered take out.  The one thing I have heard was good is the thin-skin wonton soup.  I ordered that and it was good.  Then I ordered the shrimp with pan-fried (crispy) noodles.  They did the right thing by packaging the noodles separately so they didn't get soggy, but the shrimp in some sort of tasteless cornstarch sauce (with zucchini, etc.) was inedible.  The shrimp were large and fresh and I repurposed them into the wonton soup as I tossed the rest into the disposal.  
It's true that the host was very nice and friendly and they asked if I wanted the big shrimp or the little ones, but you can't run a restaurant on  nice.  The restaurant, btw, was empty.  I have been there recently for a meeting and had the lo mein, which was OK.
The best the owner could do is close the place, get a real chef (not someone's mother) who can cook basic Chinese food, and re-open under a new name.  Yes, it's Chestnut Hill but there are many of us now who travel far and wide for Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese food.  The best thing that's happened recently is the food court that is now the Fareway Market with the  Pho/noodle place, the ChickoTako and the Japanese udon.  There is a market for good Asian food.  I hope we all don't have to keep traveling to Ardmore or Elkin's Park for good Chinese.This place has been my go-to for Chinese restaurant in Chestnut Hill. The food & portions are solid, the prices are good, and I've never had bad service.On the same street, but not in the same league, as Cin Cin.
There were several empty tables in the dining room last night, but only one waitress to attend to the relatively few customers. The server was sweet, but the service was slow. Not her fault. I blame the kitchen, which seemed to have trouble fulfilling the orders. Our four dishes came out (after a long wait) in two phases, five minutes apart. Dessert service likewise seemed to be divided in two, and the gap was worse: ice creams first, bubble tea 15 minutes later.
The food was not remarkably different from the food you'd be served in any other middle-of-the-road Chinese restaurant: limp veggies, syrupy sauces, chicken that could be pork, pork that could be chicken. Not bad, just predictable. The menu went on for four or six pages with many, many choices, which always seems like a good thing in a Chinese restaurant. But to me that's usually a warning sign that the kitchen can't really do any single thing well, and everything is going to taste more or less the same.
Judged against other Chinese restaurants, like the claustrophobic King's Garden up the road, they get points for atmosphere. It's a pretty room. They seem to be positioning themselves as more upscale. By the prevailing standards, maybe they are. And I do know that they have many fans in the neighborhood. Truth is, before Cin Cin, all those years ago, I was a fan. But I remember the service being better, the kitchen faster. And even though the food wasn't up to Cin Cin standards, it was reasonably good. It's still not bad, really. It just doesn't meet those much higher Cin Cin standards.Best chinese ive had in philly went here with my family waiter was incredibly nice and our waters were always full food was awesome couldn't be happier will be back!!I recently went to Yu Hsiang Garden to have a meeting with club members and have dinner. First I must say, Vince the manager was very nice and accommdating.  He was more than happy to make the reservation for me. As the group arrived they had hot tea, cold water waiting along with complimentary crispy noodles and cabbage salad to nibble on. 
We all ordered different entrees and the waitress got a little agitated at times but for the most part handled the crowd well. The portions are huge and the food is very good.  Only one complaint,  the scallops are chewy and were not eatable. 
I got the General Tso Chicken with brown rice and a Phoenix Roll. It was enough to bring home for another meal.
Over all, it was a good meeting , good food
and I would differently go back.I've passed this restaurant everyday on my work route, had no idea they were in business. Loving all the nature in the place though. So I ordered broccoli with garlic sauce and white rice. Food was steaming hot and smelled great. It came in this platter container which was different, quantity of food is good. Although the taste was rather below my expectations. It was not very flavorful. I didn't taste  garlic at all. Gives me the impression they simply sprinkled garlic powder in the sauce. Overall the meal was good but with alil more love it could've been great.By far the best food I ever had the wait was worth it in the end it was fresh and everything had some Type of fruit cooked with it hands down my go to place from here on out never walk in and order call ahead of your truly hungry thoVery very rude for an Asian! 
Also the food used to be better it is now average. Service is fast with no explanations. There aren't any substitutions . Not even for fried rice. Menu to extensive to not make and alternative.for white rice. Beef is just like any other beef from any Chinese store(not restaurant quality). Prices are higher than menu represents. I order shrimp with hot garlic sauce, (4) four shrimp total
 they gave me enough veggies to make a beyond burger! 
Trash companyWe love Yu Hsiang but it's a hike so we don't have it often, and I was so excited when we ordered Saturday night. We ordered fried rice, 2 egg roll, house wonton, crispy Thai chicken 2 orders of chicken dumplings and 1 pork dumpling. They read the order back to me. I knew my work week was a nightmare and I got the chicken dumplings for lunches. We didn't think our food was as good as it usually is but I was still excited for my dumplings until I had a bite yesterday and realized the one chicken order was pork. Ok, my coworker ate it and I brought the last order for lunch today and it was pork too! All 3 orders were pork and I don't eat pork. So disappointedYu Hsiang gardens is the other Chinese restaurant in Chestnut Hill. It is located in a small strip mall at the foot of Chestnut Hill above Mermaid La. 
I have eaten here several times and each time I tried something different. And each time I was pleased with my selection. The owner, Vic is a great host, making sure that you are comfortable and feel at home. My last meal there was sauteed beef with BBQ. sauce and it was delicious and filling. They make yummy cocktails in the Chinese tradition and don't forget to try the Chinese pizza and the rice paper rolls with shrimp for appetizers. Hey Vic, springs coming and we gotta sit out front one night with a couple of Cubans and a cold beer and shoot the shit!This was once a Chestnut Hill standby, now it is a must to avoid. That said, the original owners are back, as I understand it, and they are bringing better food. Me, I have no patience.This place is so tasty! We moved to Mt. Airy in March and this was one of the first places we ever got takeout. Our food is always ready quickly, and it's hot and delicious. We're huge fans of the veggie lo mein, sesame chicken, and spring rolls--pretty classic order, but they do it right every time. We're really glad we found Yu Hsiang, it's definitely the best Chinese food in the area.Been here once before for take out only. Today decided to sit and eat. Simple decorations and could use some updates. 
The people are welcoming and patient with your time.
The food is really good. As I am writing this review I do not have the photos on my new phone. Or the waitress name.  
The Mother-Daughter chicken and shrimp dish was out of this world. Best dish of shrimp chicken and broccoli that I had. Tasty with a nice crisp crunch as it said on the menu. The portions are very nice. 
Definitely will be back to enjoy this place again.Clank.  Ate there last night.  An off night?  Or because my last Chinese meal was at the pitch perfect Han Dynasty in Old City.  Ordered the "steamed" flounder.... it arrived fried, afloat in an odd configuration of black bean sauce complete with pineapple cubes.  My buddies order lo mien and General Tso both of which looked ho hum at best.  I was up at 1:30 this a.m fighting nausea from the fish.  Find a new chef and move on!