Surprised by the mixed reviews! 
I had a chicken meal and beef skewer meal. 
Both were flavorful-- the only thing lacking was the flavor in rice... a tad bit more rice would have helped, BUT the meal all together was tasty! 
The two yoghurt sides that they gave were very nice--- one was not the typical arab side but had a south-asian touch (with mint and spices) but it definitely added some kick
My brother-in-law raves about their shawarmas (which I haven't had) but give those a try!I kind of hate the Liberty Place food court.  It's crowded, loud, and full of unappetizing chain food.  Enter the awesomeness of Zaffron, which I unexpectedly stumbled upon while running errands over there earlier today.
Not feeling decisive enough to make my own wrap, I went for the Spicy Chicken Wrap, which was chock full of spicy kabob chicken, saffron rice, roasted pepper salad, and the harissa hot sauce.  SO FLAVORFUL AND SO GOOD.  I could take a bottle of that hot sauce home, no problem.
Add to the entire mix their hummus bar, where you can choose different things to add to their homemade hummus (jalapenos, olives, roasted garlic, etc) and the vast selection of other sauces to add to wraps, salads, and platters - you can pretty much get different combos of ingredients every day and not get bored.
This is the flagship of what is going to turn into a chain, and I think they're on to something here!  Keep it up, Zaffron!This is my favorite spot in Liberty Place.  Everything is always fresh, all the toppings are great, and the staff are very friendly.  If there is a line (during peak lunch time) it does move fast!!!  Their hummus is the best and goes great as a side with the pita bread.  The pita chip/croutons are so good and they make they fresh.   Much better than Salad Works!! This is the spot!!!  I'm on my way there today for the 2nd time this week!!!This place should have better reviews.  I feel like people forget the context.  Zaffron is in a food court with typical fast food/fast casual fare like chic-fil-a, chipotle, master wok etc.  It's way better than any of that, it's priced competitively, it's fast service is by awesome friendly people, it's not a chain, it at least seems and tastes healthier than most of its neighbors.  Spicy chicken is great, but so is the lemon herb, the herby dressing is delicious.  Go here.i hate reading all good reviews, coupled with the LONG lines at lunch time.  it makes my expectations too high.  it was 9$ for a veggie rice and a soda which seems expensive.  the to-go dish is good quality, the kind you could reuse, so points for that.  
but there were only 3 falaffels on the plate and they were dry.... and the toppings bar looked messy.  so much so that i did not even want some of the toppings.  their greek sauce had dripped into their hot sauce and the lettuce was wilted, the cucumbers were not fresh. the hummus was good though. very garlicy with out being too garlicy. i really enjoyed it. 
oh well with all that said i would still go back. i eat at liberty place almost every day for work and it is another viable option that is not a greasy hamburger.  but dont get too excited, its far from perfect.Being that it is in a food court, you can't expect much. Zaffron is OK though. It's fairly cheap and the food is passable. 
Chicken, steak, etc with rice, veggies an hummus is kind of tough to mess up that badly. Not somewhere I'd go out of my way for, but if you are accidentally stuck in that cookie-cutter, bland food court at Liberty Place, Zaffron is probably one of the better options.Tried for the first time today and I have worked in this building for several years. I thought my wrap sandwich was delicious, the staff friendly and service quick. I went during Friday lunch and ordered a Falafel Wrap sandwich. You have a choice of pita or whole wheat wrap, salad or rice platter. I had one addition they charged me .79cents for (hummus) but thought it was a nice addition and price of my falafel wrap cheaper than the competition down in my work neighborhood. It was filling and satisfying and tasty. I will come back and invite colleagues.Went here for lunch a few days ago, really enjoyed it. I'm used to this kinda food eat it pretty often but this was different. Had the spicy chicken kabob wrap with a variety of toppings and it was quite filling and held me over until a late dinner. 
Line was a bit long, but that was also because it was during a lunch time rush. Beyond that though the service was quick and easy.
Only reason why i didn't give it a 5/5....i asked for a regular coke and got diet, but probably just a simple mistake not a big deal I should be drinking diet anyway. -_-. Will definitely return on upcoming trips to Philadelphia.While everyone and their mom waits in line for Chick-Fil-A, go get yourself a good piece of real grilled chicken across the way from Zaffron.  The falafel is alright, but I prefer the chicken kabob meal with rice.  I have had both their rices and they are ok, but not too full of flavor.  It is an odd mish mosh of a meal after you add all the ingredients, but somehow I like it.  Plus, it is slightly cheaper than some other food court options around.Good concept, has a long way to go.  I usually stop by for dinner time, and just don't find the food as fresh as it could be.   I sincerely hope that Zaffron will continue to improve.  The customer service is great.  Food portion is alright, and I do enjoy the hummus bar.  Will stop by again soon.I've only gotten their spicy chicken kabob platter with saffron rice, yogurt and hot sauce and Mediterranean salad a couple times before. I love this dish! It's fresh, incredibly tasty and has good amount of flavor. I love the yogurt sauce the most, it's so delicious. I think the concept of the place is great and it's a nice, healthy alternative to all the greasy fast-food/chinese takeout in the food court. I support their effort at bringing something new to the area. I think they could add some more variety in their menu however, just to bring in more customers. They also serve halal meat, a plus! Overall, good food for a good price.Zaffron was fantastic. I am a student at Wharton and was craving some authentic, healthy food while studying on Walnut Street. I found this place and really enjoyed it. Definitely better than the chains and quite a selection of combinations. 
Just make sure to let the servers make some suggestions so you don't make things that don't go together.
Will def return!!Yum so good for lunch. I love the spicy chicken in a salad or wrap. I've eaten the lemon chicken and falafel also but the spicy chicken is soooo good. They also have decent hummus and my favorite, Baklava. They are quick and friendly also. A good choice for a food court meal.Working in the Mellon building, this is my favorite place for lunch.  I almost always get the spicy chicken kabob on a salad with a side of green chili sauce and it is wonderful every time.  Today was their 1 year anniversary and they were giving away free hummus and pita.  Combined with the salad, it was the best, most reasonable lunch I have had in a while.
I also love to just get the hummus with all the toppings they offer.  It is way too much, but the flavors really work.
I have also used them for catering at the office.  While they still need to work on delivery and communication, the food is fresh and healthy and makes everyone happy.  It is very hard to untrain people from eating 2-3 kabobs instead of the 1 that Zaffron serves per person, but I can just order some extra.Love this place for the salad. It is the best that you can get with such fast service. And the dressing is amazing. I have been able to find this salad anywhere else in my travels.I tried the chicken and rice platter with a side of falafel because I saw people taking  platters of just falafel. Chicken and rice were just okay. Falafel was terrible though - dry, overlooked and flavorless. Hummus tasted like any grocery store hummus. The falafel ruined my entire meal. If you know middle eastern food, I'd skip this place and most definitely the falafels here.Zaffron is a nice alternative to generic-fil-a, Chinese food--us, and $5-fuß long.
I love the fact that they have organic chicken both regular and spicy. I usually get a salad with chicken and because it's built to order you can pretty much do any combination that your gut feels like at that time. 
It seems that they actually listen to people who review them because when I started going there the lettuce was not fresh, now they keep pre-made portions in the freezer. The portions of vegetables and feta cheese were small, now it seems that they do put more.
I am actually afraid of trying their rice because I'm used to high standard Middle Eastern, Moroccan/Persian rice so I don't want to disappoint myself, not their fault though. 
One suggestion about the chicken kabobs: it seems like you guys make them ahead of the lunch hour rush and it's fine but I would cover them or put them in something that keeps them warm and moist because chicken meat tends to dry out fast. I would also marinade the spicy chicken for a tad longer.
I will be coming here, time after time, their salad is a healthier alternative to the rest of the crap...I mean fast food around and cheaper than Salad Works.Let me first say that there is no problem with the food at Zaffron. It's actually really, really good. There's tons of options and everything tastes fresh and is reasonably priced. The one thing preventing me from giving four stars is the portion sizes. The wraps look decent, but every time I get a salad (the greek is a favorite), I feel like it's mostly lettuce. They use these teeny tiny tongs that pick up about 3 cucumber slices or 2 grape tomatoes. If they stepped up the portioning a little, and therefore the value, I would be here everyday.I don't generally go to shopping malls, but on the rare occasion that I need to buy some over the shoulder-boulder holders and panties at Victoria's Secretions, I go eat at Zaffron after my shopping.  This is hands down, the best eatery in Liberty Place food court.  The prices are also very reasonable and the service is good.One of the best food options in the Liberty Place food court. I discovered it using the LevelUp app and am happy I did so. If you're tired of Subway, salads, or the usual, head on over to Zaffron. I sometimes have to wait for a fresh skewer to be grilled, but that's my only complaint. I think the ingredients taste fresh and delicious. Am definitely surprised by average reviews by some. This is a great spot to get Mediterranean style food in a Chipotle/Qdoba format.Well I came, I saw, I won't eat there again. Service was poor and it seemed they were more concerned with cleaning up than servicing a customer. The wrap wasn't the good and not enough meat for my liking. I went because I have levelup dollars, but won't use them again even if they give me more $$$$.Ugh. Just awful. 
I ordered a spicy chicken salad. The salad came in a pre-packaged plastic container. When I got back to my desk, I opened the container and saw a barely-alive FLY crawling across a chicken cube!!! Needless to say, I took the salad straight back to the store and demanded a refund. 
Also, the cashier was going to charge extra for ordering the dressing on the side. 
I won't be going back .My new go-to place in the TLP food court. A new fresh and healthy option.
I like that you can add virtually anything to your wrap, but that is my recommendation.  Definitely add toppings and sauces to the chicken kabob and falafel wraps, as they are a little plain otherwise.  You can always add the hot sauce which helps.  I'm used to Maoz, where you can add so many toppings.  I was a little bummed that they started charging to add hummus.  But maybe because their hummus is GREAT!  I got a small container of it to take home and I ate it all in one sitting!Forgot my lunch today, so had to pick something to buy.  I've been itching to use my brand new level up account, so off to Zaffron I went.  I had the shawarma wrap.  The meat was cut right of the spit, there was a lot of it, and it had a nice flavor.  There are tons of topping and sauces.  I stuck with cucumber yogurt, tomatoes, lettuce, and red onion.  Could have used some more tomato to cut through the richness of the sauce and feta.  Most people in line seemed to be getting salads, so I'll have to try one next time.  My only complaint is that the pita was really dry, ended up only eating some of it, because it was tough to chew.  Maybe it needs to be heated longer? $2 credit from level up so only $6 for a decent sandwich.Zaffron is the best thing to happen to the TLP food court.  Period.  I couldn't have been more pleased with my dining experience.  Their food is:
- HEALTHY, (plenty of yummy salad options; bye bye Chick Fil A!)
- TASTY, (Zaffron's chef and master of their menu was trained by Todd English!)
- ORGANIC (which other food court option can claim that?!?)
- INNOVATIVE (hummus bar? can you say you've ever seen that before?)
AND, all Zaffron's food is made (i) on site and (ii) is offered at an extremely reasonable price!!  What more could you ask for???
Needless to say, Zaffron's menu stands out from all other standard (aka boring) food court options.  In a nutshell, you can have your entree served in one of three different ways: wrapped (sandwich), tossed (salad) or plated (with rice).  
I ate the Greek chicken salad and my husband tried their spicy chicken wrap.  Both of them were delicious!!!  The chicken kabob on my salad was perfectly marinated and the portion size was perfect!  The spicy chicken wrap was enormous and my husband ate every last bite.  We also tried some hummus from Zaffron's yummy hummus bar.  We added feta and jalapenos to ours - YUM. Our friend had added harissa sauce to his hummus.  DOUBLE YUM.  I think I'll go with his version next time. 
In addition to all of the above, Zaffron's owners/managers/staff are extremely dedicated to pleasing their customers.  I strongly encourage you to check them out!!!This is a much needed addition to the fast-caz scene in Philadelphia. It's gourmet food to go. Authentic kebabs and sides, and one of the best baklavas I've had in the area.Just checked this place out yesterday. I had the sirloin steak kabob salad and all of the ingredients were very fresh.  The mango chutney is exceptional, as is the gyro.  I couldn't get enough of the hummus, which they told me is made fresh in-house.  I tried it mixed with minced jalepeno from the hummus bar.  Would love to come back since everything on the menu seems pretty healthy.Not a big fan...I got the gyro for lunch. There is no flavor in the rice, the meat is kinda dry and its just bland. The hummus on the other hand is good. If you mention that you saw there ad in the Metro paper you get a free thing of hummus. I dipped my gyro in the hummus for my taste... still kinda bland.. Dang and it was expensive! I should have gotten a falafel  from the falafel nazi!FINALLY, a healthy fast food option that actually tastesgod.  I've been back a few times for lunch and dinner, and everything I've tried has been delicious.  I haven't been adventurous enough to stray from the pre-set menu items, but you can build your own salad or hummus with add-ins like pureed olives or extra garlic.  Tried the Greek salad with Zataar dressing and it was SO GOOD.  The chicken had great flavor, and I watched them grill it.  This is definitely my new go to!YUM, healthy and fresh and lots of options. I always get it when I'm in the area. All the meats organic too which is a plus.I went to Zaffron twice this last week, had it once and wanted to go back. 
On my first visit I tried the spicy chicken wrap. Loved it. The chicken was moist and flavorful and both the green chili sauce and red hot sauce were great, i recommend getting both.  Second visit I got the falafel platter over special rice. The falafel and rice were fresh and warm, and i loved the yogurt that they put on it. 
For what its worth at a food court dining place, the service both times was great and the people at the counter were very welcoming. 
This is a tasty and seemingly healthy lunch for under $10 and you certainly get your moneys worth. Definitely recommend.Zaffron did exactly what it set out to do; feed my need for Mediterranean and quell my hunger on the go. 
I got the lamb shwarma with zaffron rice and cucumber yogurt and hummus on the side. As opposed to other reviews, the meat on my platter was hot. As a matter of fact there was on employee constantly slicing meat off the skewer and dumping piles of carved meat into the containers. So no problems there. The zaffron rice was well done, not over cooked. But that was cold and had little flavor. The cucumber yogurt was a refreshing piece to the meal and went well with everything. The hummus dissappointed though. Like the rice, there was little flavor. My portions were just filling enough. Not too much, not too little. So points for filling me. Only reason for 3 stars is the price. The food was good but I just think $8+ without a drink for assembly line Mediterranean food is too much. I would definitely stop here again though to feed my craving next time I'm in Liberty Place.I was down in Philly yesterday for an early meeting, and came to this place around lunchtime. The hummus is some of the best I have ever had (second to maybe al basha in patterson NJ)... Overall pretty tasty meal, I wish they had on in midtown NYC.I try to steer clear of the Liberty Place food court due to the unappealing chain choices but was so pleased I decided to walk all the way through today to discover Zaffron! One of the best Greek salads I have ever had - especially loved the unique tangy yet not overpowering dressing and pita croutons! What a great idea! I also opted to add the delish cucumber yogurt sauce to cover the chicken - which helped moisten up it's only weaker point, the chicken, which was somewhat on the dry side. Overall, a real lunch win!The Shawarma Wrap was delicious and the salad was great. Loved the different kind of sauces. Service was quick, and staff was professional. Great place for lunch. Definitely recommend.This place is legit! Fresh organic food that tastes good and is good for ya. This is definitely my spot in liberty place. Sorry Cafe Spice Express!!I had the spicy chicken wrap which tasted great. The toppings/sauces give each order a distinct flavor.  I have been to this place twice and both times the owners have asked me how my meal was, what could have been better, etc - great customer service!Unexpectedly great quality meats and flavors on the kabobs. And for the price, its a 'win' for lunch.The food is okay but i got bad attitude from the asian and the middle eastern ladies.  Don't think I pay any less, so why the attitude?I have a confession. I go to Zaffron almost every day. I am absolutely addicted to their spicy chicken on a salad. What Subway is for Jared, Zaffron is for me. I've lost 20 lbs partially by sticking to this salad every day for lunch. The cucumber yogurt sauce is so tasty and yet has minimal calories...I use this as the salad dressing. Don't even get me started on those yumm pita crisps as croutons. I have no idea how they make their Harissa sauce but it's amazing. I'm being relocated to another office and one of the first things I thought about when they told me was, "OMG no more Zaffon lunch". Seriously. Some nights I take home a wrap for my husband. He loves them and he's a fairly picky eater.
I will miss Bill. He sees me coming and has my lunch started. Service is polite and patient. I hear some of the crazy things patrons ask for and nothing is a problem for these guys. I'm less patient. I always seem to get behind that guy that figures out what to order only upon arriving at the front of the line...so much board staring, hemming, hawing, pointing, pondering...
The only less than stellar bits: 1) the cut tomatoes are pinkish cubes with negligible taste, they used to have the grape tomatoes and they were always great, but probably more expensive; 2) they no longer offer the frequent meal discount :-(
NOTE: Ownership has changed this past year. John and his lovely wife are now the proprietors. Aside from the aforementioned tomatoes the food quality jumped up a notch. The meat is more tender as it is kept in the sauce, whereas the other guy would burn the meat and then let it sit dry in the pan. Ack. 
I hope John does well with his business. He's incredibly nice and kind. I'm hoping he opens a few locations in the area. Media, PA would love to have him!!!For having the audacity to have a hummus bar (Yay) in a mall food court, Zaffron should have four stars,   I am not a huge fan of their chicken kebabs--which I have tried several times--because the chicken has been dry.   For that failing, I am deducting a star.   Their rice pilafs, however, are light and flavorful.  And their salad dressings are excellent.   The one with zataar is a personal fav.  
Not a bad choice if you are hungry while in the mall.The food is pretty tasty for a food court option. I love the falafel platter. The price is reasonable too, although the portions could be bigger. I took off one star because they limit you to 6 toppings. This is not stated anywhere on their signage and is just cheap and unnecessary.Was in town visiting family and this place caught my eye.   It was SO good!  I was with a few people and it was nice that it fit all our needs-I got my meal as a salad and the other two got their meals as plates.  All excellent, fresh, and healthy.Probably one of the better places for lunch in the Liberty place food court.  The line is usually long, but it goes by pretty quick. Your food is created assembly line style (think Chipotle), so you'll be talking to different people as they compile your food.
The lamb shawarma salad is my go to. Actually quite flavorful, and the toppings you add are your choice, so if you don't like how it turns out..... it's kind of your own fault. I get a little confused with which toppings are free and which are extra, but I guess I could ask.
Cucumber is big here, so you know I'm dousing my salad in that cucumber tatziki yogurt sauce.
Portions aren't huge, but quality is there. The lamb is nowhere near as greasy as the ones I've gotten from the food carts outside. It's a little pricier too, but i'd pay more money for less grease all day long. I just wish pita bread was included with the meal instead of being extra.
The staff is friendly though, even if for the brief moment you interact with them. They don't seem to hate their jobs, so that's always a plus.Zaffron is my favorite place to eat in the Liberty Place food court.  They no longer take Level Up, which is a real bummer.  I went there a lot just because of Level Up.  However, I will still return, mostly because I can get a huge salad with tons of toppings for way less money than Saladworks.  The hummus is delicious, the falafel is just ok. If you're going for a falafel wrap you can save a few bucks from buying at the food carts outside. If you want really good fresh falafel, go to Mama's.  However if you want a huge salad for a good price, eat here.  I don't eat the meat so no comment on that, but the salad and hummus is the best in the food court.  I wish they would bring back Level Up! Or at least provide frequent buyer cards.Just stood on line behind about 10 guys for the new Beef Kabob. First I was told it is not available and then on further questions, a discouraging "it will take about 10 minutes to prepare" with a push towards Schwarma which "also has beef". I have tried their Schwarma a few times before and was not really impressed with the dry chewy Gyro that they serve. So I decided to walk away. Not quite the experience I was looking for.Zaffron is set in the food court of One Liberty Place (2nd floor) and located beside Chipotle and across from Chick-Fil-A. It's a pretty typical Mediterranean "quick lunch" type of place; I tried the #1 Spicy Chicken Wrap which wasn't too spicy after all. The rest of the also looked average, though I probably would have enjoyed something else more. They do give a solid helping of food which was nice and it definitely filled me up. Overall, if you want something quick that is a little different than your normal routine but won't leave you hungry shortly after, this place is worth a try.I really liked the spicy chicken kabob wrap. I think I have found my new lunch place.
Add hummus to it and u have a perfect lunch in your hand and all u got to do is bite into it to enjoy the flavors.
Spicy is American spicy so which is low on thai category. Will definitely try other things on the menu as wellI am sitting right here having a very dry tasteless falafel wrap and my partner is having a kabob which she ate only half of . 
I would have loved to support Zaffrons being a new business but am at pains to give it beyond 2 stars. 
The wraps are typical supermarket wraps and falafel is drying with a powdery grrrr taste behind the throat. 
The kabobs flavor ( according to her ) was okayish and it was okay bec of the mix veggies n sauce which I liked.
Will return to try again to be able to give them time to improve.
Price highcame here for lunch today~ got in line and saw people in front of me were mostly ordering salads to go... i was the odd one out and got the beef & lamb gyro on rice~ 
i walked this bad boy down several blocks back to my cube.. food got a tad cold esp with the tomato cucumber salad on top of the hot mess.  BUT!! to my surprise, food tasted fairly good!  i housed it before i could take a picture.  good sign right? 
so to sum it up, it tastes great!  i could tell the produce was fresh (enough).  meat was ok~ strange looking stripes of gyro but tasted fairly good.  portion wise is comparable to a chipotle rice bowl.  you might not feel as satisfied afterwards but i think it's because zaffron's ingredients are less greasy.  it'll leave u just enough room to enjoy a smoothie.  for $8.10 after tax? not too shabby~ decent choice at the food court.Still only 3 stars.  Got a schwarma rice platter for lunch and meat was still dry - albeit fresher than at dinner time.  DO NOT COME HERE AFTER 2 PM.
Female cashier was friendly and kind.
Rice was fresher at lunchtime.
$8.00 and change. (no drink).This was a great experience. Our service from the  gentleman behind the counter was exceptional. He walked us through all the options for our meals, prepared them with care and in a timely manner and made good suggestions. On top of that the food tasted amazing! Two thumbs up!!Foods was excellent. But they nickel and dime everything- after buying a ton of foods and drinks, I went back to get a refill on a coke. The owner asked for additional $1.80. I couldn't believe it. They put a ton of ice in the first place and didn't get enough coke. Now for a small refill, I have to pay anther full price? Good luck staying in business much longer. Too many good solid halal foods few blocks awayI really, really want to give them 4 or 5 stars because the concept ROCKS (Think Maoz meets Qdoba) and the guys who run the place are really nice, but - there are a few things that need working out first.
I came to Zaffron for dinner (mistake number 1 on my part - you'll see why) while running a last minute Victoria's Secret coupon redemption run.
I rarely eat in the food court unless I have my 6 year old with me (She likes the California Rolls from Sarku - go figure, and Saladworks, and Chik-fil-A on the rare occaision I'll let her get it.)
So I headed over to Spice (the Indian Joint) and saw this place - brand spankin' new (2months old really).  
I ordered a Schwarma platter and jazzed it up with lots of cucumbers, tomatoes, chick peas and olives.
Everything has potential - but the meat was DRY (It had been precut - likely at lunchtime - the Schwarma Spit was empty by the time I got there) and some of it was crunchy - and not in a good way.  Also the rice had been siting around a little long - great flavor - but tasted like the remnants of lunch.
Again, this is probably "my bad" and I bet at lunch when the turnover is higher, the food is likely fresher and tastier - but meanwhile - I can;t wait to go back (at 11:30 pre-lunch line crowd) and give them another try.
The 2 dudes ahead of me orderes $2.00 side of falafel (3 balls per side) and that seems just about perfect.  
Also I did not try the hummus which looked awesome - and for just $.50 you can add a bunch of mix-ins and toppings, if you care to.
Owners are 3 culinary partners and the one I met tonight was a sweetie.  I intend to try them again and re-yelp - hoefully with more stars.
Keep it FRESH - from first client to last - and you'll have more dinner business.
Also - I noticed they open at 9 AM - I wonder if they'll offer breakfast?  Shakshouka to go?
Price is "Philadelphia Lunch" approriate - $8 - $10 (more if you dare to get a beverage.)My wife and I stopped by this place the other day because we heard it was worth checking out.  The food was amazing!  She ordered a shwarma sandwich and I had spicy chicken kabob on a salad.  The meat is incredibly fresh (not to mention local and organic) and it really sets this place apart.  They obviously care about their product because from the taste of it they are paying a premium for that meat!  The place functions kind of like Chipotle, but with Mediterranean cuisine.  You pick a base, a meat, then various freshly cut toppings and sauces.  The mango chutney should not be missed!  We also got a side of hummus which they must have made fresh because its probably some of the best hummus I have had outside of the Middle East.  Bottomline: its well worth visiting over and over - we actually had lunch there then got dinner to go.Dayum!  I wish I had read my old reviews.  I got the schwarma - again pre-cut meat (at lunch - 11:50 AM) and bone-dry and COLD.  So I had a salad with cold, dry meat on top and threw away most of the meat.  Just icky.
I added some sauces and toppings but was told hummus is $.79 extra.  What???  And the have no baba ghannoush.
There are so many fast-casual Med spots (CaVa, Naya, Naf Naf) that I will not be returning to Zaffron.
Just skip this place and eat elsewhere in the Liberty Place Food Court.
There is a reason their line is shorter than the others.
Not happy.
Not happy at all.My fave spot in Liberty! 
Prior to the pandemic, I used to eat here just about every day, Monday through Friday. Now whenever I'm in center city or have to go into my office, I make sure to stop and get lunch. So glad to see they're still open! 
My usual is either the spicy chicken on a wrap or the  lemon chicken on a salad. I believe their dressing is made in-house and it's the absolute best. I recommend their hummus as well, as long as you're a fan of garlic - so delish! 
Overall, Zaffron is a great spot for a quick and delicious bite. They're reasonably priced, especially for center city and the staff is so pleasant and efficient.Organic chicken?  I had to try some when I made a rare (thankfully) visit to the Liberty Place food court.  I got the chicken in the form of a kebab in a wrap.  Many toppings were available and I got mine with some spicy tomato sauce, cucumbers, rice, peppers, roasted garlic, and maybe a couple other items whose particulars I forget.  The chicken, fillings, and wrap were all okay, but lacked any particular zing.  The chicken could have been a little crunchy on the outside, a little warmer, and generally more flavorful.  The sauces also could have had more oomph.  The wrap itself was okay, but it could have been warmed it up a little.  Seriously, it's a restaurant, it's supposed to have -- and use! -- restaurant equipment that I wouldn't have at home or -- especially -- at the office.  Have it!  Use it!  Make the trip worth it.  Otherwise, I'll just remember more often to make and bring my lukewarm sandwich/wrap/whatever from home, which is going to kick your wrap's only-okay ass every time.