zento is my favorite sushi spot in Philadelphia.  i am a huge fan of their volcano roll, i make sure to get two every time!  it is a good place to have a birthday dinner! we had my birthday dinner there last night and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  the decor and ambiance of the space is very nice.  i highly recommend zento.The food was good but the service was just Horrible. We had to wait for over 30 minute to even have our forder taken. They could have make up for the wait by taking our drinks orders quickly but not even.. (we probably waited 20 minutes to get our drinks). I do not know if it is always like that but I sure will not give it anoither shot as there is so many more choices in the city for sushis.Best sushi I've had in a long time. My fav spot in the city used to be Raw, but I feel like you get more bang for your buck. I'm vegan and the vegetarian roll selection was awesome. Between my boyfriend and i, we ordered the Kanpyo Roll, cucumber roll,  asparagus roll, grilled mushroom roll, the Hang on salmon roll, green roll, the real California roll, and the green roll. We also got miso soup  and edamame. Excellent food. The service was a little confusing because we had two waitresses but they were both very friendly and got everything that we needed. Highly recommended.Very good sushi and a nice cozy atmosphere. The soft shell crab roll was fantastic...The food was really pretty good. 
But... this is a BYO that charges $10 corking fee. PER BOTTLE.  It wasn't really clearly communicated either, so the bill was a bit of a surprise.meh, i really have experienced better. 
i ordered take-out sushi one day while at work. i chose zento because i had never been, and i wanted to try a different sushi restaurant (i was tempted to stick with makiman...i should have listened to my gut.)
i ordered some type of tropical roll and a futomaki roll to change things up. both were not great. the tropical roll was *slightly* more palatable than the futomaki which was completely inedible. i don't know what they stuffed into the futomaki but there was something that didn't agree with my taste buds. the tropical roll sounded better on the menu than it did in real life. at over 20 usd for my order, i felt like the rolls could have been better quality.
again, as i am wont to do in situations like this, i will return for a second visit just to make sure that i didn't hit this restaurant on a bad day, but i'm not going to go out of my way to return here since there are so many other sushi restaurants to try.I was so pleasantly surprised by my dinner here. I've been before and was non-plussed, so I wasn't expecting much. The appetizers were phenomenal and got me pretty excited to change my opinion. 
The ceviche was delicious: peppery, citrusy and fresh . The tuna tartar was equally great and fresh, with crunchies on top and a (not overwhelming) drizzle of spicy sauce. Then: roast duck handrolls. Oh. Yea. I was basically beaming at this point. My rolls (salmon avocado and yellowtail scallion) were great, the chirashi was on point, even the teryaki dinners got great reviews and looked very hearty and well-presented. 
The reverse happy hour has me looking forward to my next visit. The ambiance is also really nice, great for a date, girls night or dinner with parents.4 stars - just missing one due to service- a bit slow and our waitress was not too knowledgable in regards to questions! However- excellent, fresh sashimi and sushi and I love the atmosphere of this place. I've been here twice and both the upstairs and downstairs are super cute, intimate, and inviting :-) yum!I love the ambiance of this place. There are (at least) two dining areas, one upstairs and one downstairs. We were seated downstairs. The room has a nice high ceiling and is generally pretty dimly lit, with alcoves in the stone walls for candles. They have a couple of flatscreens high up on the walls showing black and white films -- I caught bits of two of them while I was there. One was a gangster film and the other seemed to be a Jet Li martial arts thing. Personally, I would expect a bit more of a sword/martial/samurai theme given the name of the restaurant but I really can't complain! Maybe they should show old jidaigeki films on those flatscreens to get a bit more on theme. 
My friend and I had a coupon from LivingSocial for a seven course tasting menu for two. The coupon described a meal including choices like "wagyu beef and zento's famous square sushi", but what we received was very different. The courses were as follows:
1. Miso soup with mussels - I am not a fan of miso soup; usually I find the fishy flavor of the dashi to be overpowering. However, this soup was exceptional. The flavors were really well balanced and the mussels were very tasty. 
2. Calamari Salad - a few rings of deep fried calamari over greens. I liked it.
3. Crab cakes - two small handmade fried crab cakes. These were pretty plain and could have used a bit more sauce. They tasted fine, but nothing exceptional about it.
4. White fish carpaccio - three thin slices of white fish very well plated. Delicious and easy on the eyes!
5. Chicken Teriyaki - a couple of pieces of chicken, sauce, and a small mound of spinach and mushrooms. This dish was by far the most disappointing of the night as it was both small and boring. The greens were more exciting than the chicken. It tasted fine but nothing stood out about it, especially given that this should be an entree course. This is where the advertised Wagyu beef or square sushi should have been.
6. Sushi platter - Four nigiri sushi (salmon, tuna, white tuna, yellowtail) and half a roll. The sushi was incredible -- by far the best I've had in Philadelphia (for reference, I have had sushi at Pod, Mizu, Mixx, Aki, Green Garden, and the now defunct Genji). The roll had some sort of mayo based sauce in it (usually a no-no for me) but it was just perfectly balanced. 
7. Dessert (shared) - Tofu cheesecake and red bean mochi ice cream. This was fine but unexciting. The cheesecake was better than expected but still pretty bland, and the ice cream was good. My girlfriend ordered some Tempura green tea icecream which I stole a bite of -- now THAT was a good dessert! 
Additionally, the meal came with some non-alcoholic cocktails. I tried a green apple based drink and a white peach based drink, both of which were quite tasty. 
Overall it felt like a reasonable value but mainly because of the Livingsocial price. I could see spending $35 plus tax and tip for this meal as a very nice value, but at $70 it would be overpriced.This place is great! Came here first time with an Amazon local deal, and loved it. Thanks to other Yelp reviews I found out it is a BYOB but you want sake they do have a lot of options for that too. I'm sure they have other drinks, but I'm not asking questions why they allow patrons to bring their own alcohol!
Had the sashimi platter the first time and the tuna pizza. (good!) Bought two more deals to come back in the future. There always seems to be something on Groupon/Living Social for Zento deals- look for them!
Also thanks to the website I found out the restaurant validates parking (completely free!) for the weekends (Starting Thursday) in the garage on 2nd in the block north of Chestnut St.My boyfriend and I ate here for the first time last weekend.  The ambiance was good.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  The food was tasty especially the Mexican Roll.  Overall, it was a great experience.  The only thing that we suggest that they do is bring out items, such as the shrimp dumplings, on a hot, covered plate to keep it as hot/warm as possible while bringing it from the kitchen, which is in the basement.The server brought water and took orders for a table that was sat after me. 15 mins later she comes after she overheard me explain to my guest why we should leave. We ordered cerviche, sushi rolls and sake. We were at the restaurant for 2.5 hours. We believed the kitchen was understaffed because of the wait, the place is small, dark, but wasn't terribly crowded. The cerviche was not your typical I wouldn't order it again, the sushi rolls were good but nothing to get wild over;and the sake was just sake. Overall service irritated me and food was just ok, the wait if wasn't in great company unacceptable.Delicious food with affordable menu! Casual yet high-end, sophisticated atmosphere. A friendly, knowledgeable, professional staff. Zento's is a wonderful dining experience! Great place to meet friends and drink, eat, hang-out for hours!!!Mediocre at best, expensive & slow delivery. Why can't I find a good sushi place that delivers in Philly!Good decoration and exellent service moreover the food tells everyrhing.  Al least people should try out onceI've been dying to try out Zento for some time. I went with a few friends and it was all that I hoped it would be. 
It was a rainy night in Philly when my friends and I decided we would go to this tiny tiny sushi place in old city. We figured sushi would be a perfect way to avoid some holiday overeating...however, we were wrong. The food was too good not to order a ton of.  I don't care, it was worth it. 
Two items stand out in my mind as the best. 1. The Zento signature square roll and 2. the tuna pizza. 
What made their signature roll extra special was this house made delicious plum sauce. It was sweet like an eel sauce but still different, tasty and unique. 
Next, the tuna pizza. It has everything I love...seaweed salad, raw tuna and a special spicy sauce on a wonton...it wasn't' so easy to eat in pieces but i loved it so much it didn't matter. 
The only thing I was not crazy about was the place. It's super small and sort of run down. BUT the great news is that they're moving to a bigger/nicer place a half a block away! I can't wait to go again to the new place!I still love this location.  Sake, and sushi are the best.  My personal favorite sushi is the dragon roll.  I also love the pearl sake.  THIS IS THE BEST JAPANESE RESTAURANT in philly.  Check out the review video:  http://www.youtube.com/w...I have never written a review of restaurant but the worst service I have ever experienced inspired me to do so.  I have worked in the restaurant business for about 20 years and while I know it can be annoying when people use coupons and vouchers, there is absolutely no need to be obnoxiously rude about it which our waiter was.  I purchased the 7 course tasting menu deal on Living Social because while my son loves good food, he tends to inhale it so I don't always love spending a fortune on a meal for him.  We made a reservation but were seated in the bar area even though there were multiple open tables in the dining room available.  Our waiter sat at the bar watching us for about 10 minutes before approaching the table and when he did, he said "tasting menu, can I get your coupon?"  He never asked if we wanted a drink or anything else when he greeted us or at any point during our meal.  I do not eat meat and I asked if I could substitute and his reply in an extremely snarky, condescending tone was "no, it is a chef's tasting menu", the only thing he left out was "duh" which he obviously thinking.  I have have ordered many tasting menus at many restaurants and have never been denied a substitution for a dietary restriction.  Even if this restaurant does not substitute, had he been civil about it, I would have skipped that course without complaint.  When he presented each course, he barely grunted what we were eating.  When my son ordered a soda, it sat at the bar for so long while our waiter watched TV,  half the ice in the glass had melted and he had to drain the glass before pouring his soda in.  At the end of our meal, our waiter dropped the check immediately after dropping dessert without asking if we wanted anything else, which we might have had he not been so rude.  I have experienced incompetent service on many occasions and it has been tolerable because at least the service was civil.  This server was clearly capable but acted as if he were doing us a favor by bringing us the food we paid for.  I have never been tempted to not leave gratuity in my life but I came very close tonight.  I typically would have tipped on the value of the meal and not what I purchased it for but I could not bring myself to do that either.  I ended up compromising and tipped on the price of the Living Social voucher plus what we spent on additional food and drinks.  As for the food, it was solid but had it's ups and downs.  The Miso soup, calamari salad and dessert were very good, the carpaccio and sashimi were excellent.  The crab cake was not great, it was fishy tasting and had a lot of shells in it.  We ordered an additional tempura lobster roll which was fine but not exciting.  I really wanted to and fully expected to love this place.  Overall, the food was good, the prices were reasonable but the service made the experience miserable.Everyone was very nice as soon as I walked in the door. They are happy to create a sushi dinner for you if you just tell them what you like. I ordered the King Crab Miso soup and it was exceltently salted with good sized peices of crab. The rice-less sushi roll was fill with great raw fish and the broiled salmon was chared to the right level. I liked the salmon especially because it still had the skin, which was crispy. Everything was very fresh and seasoned spot on. I will return. BYOBMussels steamed in beer with a slight green curry was my favorite dish/appetizer of the night. The dragon roll with crunchy spicy tuna with avacado was good and we also got the zento square sushi and we went half salmon and half tuna was good too!Visited Philadelphia back in November, and wanted to see if we could find some good sushi near our hotel. While Morimoto down the street was a place we probably would have enjoyed very much, we were concerned that it would be a difficult place to fully enjoy with our 3 year old, and instead went to Zento after reading many favorable reviews. I must say we were glad we decided to come here - great experience! It's not as avant-garde as Morimoto-san's place is, but definitely tasty!
We made a reservation and were seated promptly in their upstairs space. Drinks and appetizers came in a flash, and so did our sushi order. The wait staff was very friendly and efficient, but not hovering or impersonal. 
The food was delicious, every bit of it. We really liked the scallop carpaccio, the Peking duck hand roll, the nigiri hirame. It's a little on the higher priced side, but as with most sushi that's really authentic, well worth it - sushi is served at the right temperature and in the proper portions - they don't overdo the amount of rice or fillers, and we left satisfied but not overstuffed. It was especially fun to watch our little one wolf down an entire bowl of udon in short order - I never knew that much food could fit into such a little kid!
Our only "gripe" was the music. I realize that Zento wants to be a trendier place, and the music wasn't terrible, but it was a bit loud and overbearing. A bit of quieter ambient music would have hit the spot, and let diners chat a bit more, without having to speak loudly.
Overall, we enjoyed it very much, and were impressed with their ability and interest in accommodating our young child with us on a little bit of a late night dining run. Would definitely return!!At first glance it doesn't look like a 5 star sushi place. However; never judge a book by its cover. The service was amazing. Our waitress was oh so happy to be working and thoroughly enjoyed her work. Rare in Philly! The choices of sushi rolls were Amazing! Try the King Crab Miso Soup! If you like pho its a combo of miso with a large amount of crab thrown in! Its BYOB and the liquor store is just up the corner. We tried the Pear Sake in the blue bottle. Also exquisite!  I loved this place and recommend it highly!It is my favorite sushi place in old city, the rolls are just delicious and the staff is friendly, I would definitively recommend that placeTried the place with a groupon, and we will be back. Went on a Sunday night and the place was not busy at all. In fact, we experienced a random act of kindness out front looking for a parking spot. A woman was leaving her spot right in front of Zento, got out of her car and ran over to us while we were waiting for her. She handed me her unused parking reciept, paid until 9:30pm. It was 7 pm. Nice of her.
We tried the tuna pizza, aithough it is smaller than pictured, it was delicious. We got the usual assortment of rolls, no problem. Service was great. They dinged us with $10 corkage for a $6 bottle of wine, in spite of reading here that it was Fri and Sat only.. Oh well. I can see doing that on a busy night, but there were only 3 couples eating there.This is ranked among the best sushi I've ever had!  I don't remember the names but we had 8 rolls and they were all winners!Terrible Management / Great food. 
I've been calling this place for the past 3 days now trying to get a manager on the phone, but there's never a manager on site.  I've left messages with my phone number, and no one bothers to care about customers and calling me back. 
The food was good but I hate places that are poorly managed... it's just a matter of time for this one.Contemporary sushi rolls with ingredients that make you raise an eyebrow. 
I had to try the basics before I try the new, innovative stuff
Wow. What a bummer. 
I got five pieces of sushi and a spicy tuna roll. 
The first thing for a great sushi is the rice. This rice was overcooked And was old and cold. So instead of plump pieces of rice clinging to each other I got a sticky, cold, sticky mass. Bad!!!
The fish was not good. Scallop wasn't sweet. Texture of yellow tail was wrong. 
The roll was really strange. Way too much of the crunch, couldn't taste the tuna, only the oil flavored crunch. Again, the rice was terrible in the roll. 
2 dollars for tea. No alcohol yet. 
I've been to some great sushi bars in NY, San Francisco, LA and in Japan. This was not good sushiBest sushi in town! Always fresh and delicious. I recommend this spot to anyone who is looking for sushi in Philly. I've been eating here for a few years now and I've never been disappointed.I think this is probably more of a 3.5 star sort of place..excellent sushi with a good meat to rice ratio, interesting side dishes, and a good modern atmosphere.  Major detractors are: 1) drinks are pretty meh..their descriptions sound very tasty but nothing was that amazing 2) the price is a bit high, and I think I can probably only afford this (barely!) using the Livingsocial deal.
That being said, I do think it's a good option for sushi in the Old City area.Though I waver between three and four stars (hence if there were .5's I would give this place 3.5 stars), I think my experience here is closer to 3 than 4 stars so I'm rounding down. 
Two main reasons why: 
a) I was not too happy with their service. I may be overly sensitive, but the waitress carried with her this pretentious aura. Mehhh
b) Their food was not memorable. Pls note - I did not say tasteless, mediocre, or bad, meaning the food itself didn't taste bad or anything, but it didn't really do much for me. I just remember it being "good enough" and the portions being really small. Ehhh.
Funny note: their bathroom sign has some gibberish written in Korean and is a male stick figure peeping over a female stick figure while she's trying to use the bathroom. And, no, it did not say 'peeping tom' in Korean. lol  
TIP: They are, indeed, BYOB and they do not charge a corking fee which is awesome. Also, the restaurant is very cozy and actually an ideal place to take someone out to for a date.A hidden gem in old city. Morimoto/Nobu quality Japanese cuisine at a third of the price.  Not only is the sushi incredible,  but the miso marinaded sea bass was the best piece of fish I've ever had the pleasure of eating. So, if in Philly and in the mood for Japanese,  then make sure to reserve your table at Zento.Best sushi I've had in Philadelphia. The place is very small so it may be difficult to get a table later in the evening on weekends. Reservations are a good idea especially for larger groups.
Service is great and their special rolls are amazing. As others have said, try the Zento square roll!There was only one waiter working when we went, so we got ignored.  That's not the waiter's fault, it's the management's.  I thought the sushi was tasty, but it was WAY too expensive for what we got.  The rolls were tiny and I left hungry.  Bummer.  We won't be returning.  I think this place took that "best of Philly" award and got a little ahead of itself.  
Side note: obnoxious family next to us came to a sushi place and asked for substitutions for all the fish in all the dishes they ordered.  wtf....if you don't like fish you should not go to a sushi restaurant and order dishes with fish in them.  rudeI went to Zento before a concert at Penn's Landing. It was a little early for dinner (around 5:30) on a Thursday night and there was only one other couple in the restaurant. I had the King Crab Miso Soup, which was really good and had a lot of crab meat in it, although I'm not sure it was worth $5. I also had the Love Roll, which was one of the Zento Signature Rolls on the menu. It was so pretty and elegant looking! Everything was very fresh. 
I think this is a good place for a date -- it's a cool, intimate little place. 
It is BYOB (I believe there was a $5 corkage fee). The $10 Yelp deal was a nice bonus!The clam sashimi I got was small and really rubbery and flavorless but the sushi was pretty okay. I got the Love Roll with asparagus, avocado, eel, yellowtail, salmon and tuna and it was very very light on the eel, which is a shame. The roll wasn't really that full and was a lot of rice. I don't think I'll be back.I recently purchased a Groupon for this place, and decided to take my wife out tonight.  
First, I will start with the positives.  The food and drinks were very good.  We thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered.  The servers were great; super friendly, and quick to take care of whatever you needed.  The atmosphere was also very nice.  Great decor and ambiance.  
Now let's talk about the negatives.  My wife order the Pinot Noir, and thought she was going to get what they advertised on the menu.  What she got was a 9 dollar glass of Barefoot Pinot Noir (retail price per bottle 9.99 -12.99).  I ordered the Tennessee Tokyo (Jack based drink) which included "fresh orange and fresh lime juice".  As I watched the bartender poor in Tropicana, I began to question all of the ingredients being advertised for both food and drink. Second, the price was very high.  Even with our Groupon, we still ended up spending close to a hundred bucks for dinner and drinks for two.  
Overall, this place is good.  However, with all of the great sushi places in the city that are off the beaten path, we have easily found places that offer more bang for your buck.  Not sure if I would go back, but still enjoyed my experience.Came here tonight as a spontaneous dinner date after hearing my colleagues rave about the food and atmosphere, and boy was I impressed! From the vast selection of sake and cocktails (must try the lychee mojito!!), to the ambiance and service, I must say this is one of the best sushi restaurants I've been to! Christian was our server and was very knowledgeable and friendly. I can't believe it took me this long to try this place!!! 5/5This was pretty good.  Wife's sushi was good, as was my salmon.  Will say though that the sweet-potato-tempura roll could have used more punch (a bit of lemon?  something) to ramp up the flavor a bit.Our friend James raves and raves, but he hasn't shown us the zen-like experience that he speaks of... the sushi is expensive, the taste is mediocre, and I'd really rather eat somewhere else. Not impressed, and not wanting to spend the money for something so lack-luster.
E-Moneh's perspective -  
Small sushi place with a small sushi menu.
Go around the corner to the next Sushi place - which in Philly is likely less than 1 block.  I bet it will be better and less expensive.
$I have to admit Zento is a favorite of mine and holds a special place in my heart. 
With that said, I held a star only because parking is such a hassle and the music selection of terrible nightclub beats makes me nervous. 
The sushi, AMAZING. Always fresh and tasty. 
The miso kingcrab soup is a great starter.
Service is great and always pleasant.
A favorite sushi restaurant in the city for sure :)Had my first sushi experience here- It was everything I'd hoped for! Trendy spot, quick service, has a nice bar. We had fun walking around the area afterwards too. Im no expert on sushi, but by the taste of it I knew I was getting quality. Recommended!Ambience: At first glance, it looks tiny. But the restaurant is narrow and goes in very deep. The decor was nice
Service: Above standard, about 3.5 stars. The male server was attentive but not overbearing, my water was always full when needed
Drinks: I tried the Peach Cosmo. For $10, I've unfortunately had better. It was nice and strong which I appreciated, but overall, meh on taste
Food: Standard
- Miso soup + crab meat : 4 stars! This was my favorite part of the meal. The crab meat was plentiful and delicious. The miso soup broth was quite good, not too salty or sweet like some other places.
- Rainbow roll & the one that looks just like rainbow roll but has shrimp tempura on the inside. I think this is half our fault for ordering something so similar, but they were exactly the same just different topping on the inside (california roll vs shrimp tempura). But the sushi itself was very standard. Presentation was standard, and whoops, the sushi fell apart as soon as I picked it up with my chopsticks.. that's a no-no. It wasn't BAD, it just didn't blow me away. 
In my opinion, Fat Salmon is still my favorite sushi spot in Philly thus far. I wouldn't mind giving Zento another try and ordering some different stuff.. but from what we got it was very meh. maybe i'll roll back with a groupon in hand for one last try...Zen is one of my favorite restaurants in old city. The atmosphere is good for dates. I went here with two of friends because I had a living social voucher. Before they let you use the voucher on lunch specials as well but not anymore. 
We ordered the tuna pizza, old city roll, tuna crunch roll and the double shrimp roll. Out of those the old city roll is usually my go to. In addition to those I also like the zento square roll, the sashimi roll and the tofu cheesecake. 
The other cool thing about this place is that they have a phone charging station downstairs so you can charge your phone if needed.Quaint setting, small establishment, but big on flavor. Wait staff is kind and knowledgable. Everything was exactly as you'd expect for a meal that is in a bit higher price range. Overall very satisfied and will definitely be back for more delicious sushi. Pro tip, get the Volcano Roll.Good food, nice staff, great service, cute decor. 
I honestly recommend this place to everyone. Its a nice place to bring a few people to hang out and a lot of people go on dates here. They also host a lot of free events (which is how i discovered it) so check it out next time. I even met the owner and he recommended other good restaurants and dishes to try in the area.
I love the udon and dragon roll sushi but I sometimes stop by JUST for the Mochi ice cream, it is soooooooo good. Never had a bad dish or bad experience here.
Just to emphasize how nice they are, I sat on their seats outside one hot day because I was so hot and tired and the waiter came out and offered me a glass of water! 
5 stars for not only being a good quality restaurant, but for being decent people.
UPDATE: Zento is still one of my favorite regular places to visit. You get to know the staff very well and the owner often comes down and mingles with the guests. They frequently hold events here and it is just a lively place to be at.Thank Goodness for the Groupon discount! Still spent additional $100 on top of the $70 for $120 deal.
I'll tip my hat off to their freshness. The Hamachi melts in yo mouf! Although their sushi is fresh, Zento is quite too expensive for their serving sizes. $8 for a hand roll that you can devour in a single bite is ridiculous.
Oh. Don't get the Ramen. I was just curious toward the end of my meal, and you really just need to order the sushi! The ramen noodles were too thin to be ramen, and the broth was more on the salty side for my palette. Also, appetizer Calamari was also too breaded! Not enjoyable.Cute little place in the heart of the Old City nightlife on Chestnut St. Some tables outside but its a little too crowded for that. Cool decor inside, although looked semi under construction. Small place, tables close together.. Good service, and its BYOB!! They have some pretty cool different rolls, there was one that was like a fish taco roll, YUM. They also have a sweet potato tempura roll which is what really sold me on it. Id go back.The history of this space is amazing.  It was a wholesale tea-house at the turn of the century.  More important, Ben Franklin's Mistress lived here for a long time!  He only had one?  Still, totally believable given the history of  this block of Olde Town.
The sushi is fantastic for the price.  The Chef has a background which means he brings skills that other Japanese Chefs in the city can't match.  The intimacy of the places makes it great  to stop by for drinks after work.I love this BYOB sushi place. I've been coming here for a few years, as I used to live in the area. Coming back for the first time after moving out of old city, to my surprise, they added a corkage fee of $10. Our server was willing to accommodate us, comp the fee and they even gave us complimentary mochi ice cream. They are willing to go above and beyond to keep their customers happy and coming back. This is one of my personal favorites for sushi in the city. I love the crab miso soup, center city roll and love roll, but I'm sure you couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu.To my surprise, my favorite sushi place in the city opens late afternoon on Saturdays so I rerouted my car downtown to revisit this restaurant. I was last here in 2015 and remember the food was pretty good. This time I ordered the avocado salad, some sashimi and a branzino roll. Everything was excellent and fresh. Our server was nice but somewhat distracted with other things. I'll return to this restaurant some time and do recommend.Meeh.  It wasn't bad, I just wasn't particularly impressed with the sushi I ordered.  Maybe it was an off night, because for the most part the reviews on here were great.  First of all, the positive...our calamari appetizer was amazing, and our waitress was very gracious and attentive, and to top it off the prices are reasonable and it's a BYOB.  But the place is smaller than some people's closets (okay maybe not that small).  You are literally right on top of the people next to you...a little too close for me and difficult to tune out other peoples conversations.  The sushi was only OK.  Honestly, my Tuna and Salmon were not the freshest.  After practically living on raw fish in California, I expect when people say something's really fresh that you taste it.  I think for a nicer atmosphere and better sushi I'm better off at my neighborhood Umai Umai.Came here recently for a dinner free from shellfish and eel.  This limited the options noticeably more than some other area sushi restaurants.  We tried a couple of sashimi appetizers.  They were both tasty, but seem a bit pricey in retrospect.  
We also tried a few rolls.  They happily let us modify one of the rolls by adding avocado, which was nice.  The salmon skin roll -- which is often a hit or miss item -- was well executed here.  The sweet potato tempura roll was surprisingly good and I may well be ordering it more in the future.
There are some beers and wines available, but the selection was not particularly impressive.  Service was good.  The restaurant recently moved a few storefronts over so the place looks all brand new.An all around disappointing dining experience. 
We were seated promptly and our beers were brought after a few minutes. That's where the positives end.
We waited over 30 minutes for our apps to come after ordering...and the Peking duck roll was just too small and bland to be worth $13!
We waited another 30 minutes for our food! The salmon and fatty tuna sashimi were thin meager pieces with an odd texture and stale flavor.
The eel roll was overly dressed. The chicken teriyaki was mediocre at best. 
Overall a disappointing experience on both the service and food side. The restaurant appeared understaffed on a Saturday night as I saw my waiter being both a bartender and a server. Will not be back.Went there for the first time tonight. Everything was quality, and tasted great. I got the shrimp dumplings, which were excellent. Probably my favorite part of the meal. With that, I also got the crunchy spicy salmon roll, and the spicy scallop rolls. All of which were high quality. The put a wholeee lot of crunch on top of the salmon rolls, which gave it an odd taste, but that's a minor complaint. Scallop roll was tasty. All in all I was very happy, and will be returningDelicious!  My boyfriend and I stopped here on a whim for lunch and we were so glad we did!  The service was super friendly (he even gave us a table at 2:50 even though the restaurant closes at 3pm before they re-open for dinner).  
I had the vegetarian lunch special, which is served with miso soup and a salad as appetizers.  The miso soup was delicious and full of flavor.  The house salad with ginger dressing was very fresh, light, and tasty.  The two sushi rolls I got were really very nice - my favorite was the avocado and cucumber roll.  
Great lunch!  We'll be back :-DNot your average Japanese cuisine! Best atmosphere and friendliest staff in old city by far. The sushi is uber fresh, delectable and miraculously plated. Grab a reservation as this restaurant fills up fast!!Have walked by this place a hundred times, and the day I decide to stop in I discover they are closed for business.  Sign is gone, paper over the windows.  Previously I met the owner at his other place - Rotten Ralph's, which is almost across the street at 2nd and Chestnut, and he had hinted that the days of Zento were numbered.  The good news is that Roe is another Thai / Japanese sushi place a couple of doors down with really great sushi, and Rotten Ralph's is a cool place to drink with food, so you have options!  Try Roe.For such a tiny location, Zento really delivers fantastic sushi at a reasonable price. The size of a take out pizza place (I can't imagine more than 15 people sitting comfortably in here at one time), Zento is easy to write off. However, it has some of the best sushi I've had in the city. I went recently and had the summer sushi, a special of the day, sauteed mushrooms and asparagus, and king crab miso soup. Everything was fresh, presented beautifully, and flavorful. The staff is really attentive and was genuinely happy to hear that we had enjoyed our meal. As a plus, they do deliver, but there is a $40 minimum, yikes. However, this sushi is worth the walk/cab ride/etc.Lunch at Zento was the highlight of my day on 1/5/12. Granted, it is only 2:30 and there's a chance things could perk up from here, but I'm not sure what could top this flawlessly executed meal.
For a mere $10, you can enjoy miso soup (savory and rich, not watery at all), a green salad (sprinkled with black sesame seeds and a light ginger dressing) and two rolls from the list provided. I ordered my favorites: spicy tuna and salmoncado (this roll was not on the list, and had a $1 upcharge, but whatever). Michelle C ordered green tea for the both of us, which was served in a fancy handle-less mug, and had hints of an earthy rice flavor.
The rolls aren't massive, but I liked it that way. The rice:fish ratio is on point. No globs of rice falling off any piece. Both the tuna and salmon tasted fresher than any other sushi I've tasted in Philadelphia. 
Service was, if anything, too good. There are only so many times a two-top happily eating their sushi needs to be checked up on. 
I'll have to dine-in while they're still BYOB before their location changes to a "sexy and trendy establishment with a premium sake bar." Liquor licenses are the worst. 
Regardless, every bite was delicious. I'll be back, BYO or not.I don't know. I really want to love this place, but I just can't. And I'm only going off of delivery so I can't speak for what an actual meal at the restaurant is like. Maybe it's better eaten there?
I always crumble under pressure when ordering Sushi delivery. There are sooo many places to choose from and all of the specialty roles on each menu start to blend together after a while. All of the reviews start to sound the same, with the same ratings, same photos of sauce drenched rolls. So I always stick with what I know. Zento is good, don't get me wrong. The fish is pretty fresh, delivery is fast from Caviar. But I always finish the meal with "meh." I'm never blown away. The sauce the Shumai comes with has good flavor, and the peking duck hand roll is good and different. But I'm always disappointed with the rolls. For the prices they charge, I want the rolls to be flavorful and delicious, and I want to scrape the plate when I'm done wishing there was more. But in my opinion, they're always bland. I've tried the Tsunami Roll, Bronzino Roll, Double Shrimp Roll, and the Flaming Dragon Roll. They've all been mediocre. The Bronzino roll is almost $20 and just mediocre. 
I'm not writing this to bash the restaurant- overall I think Zento is fine. It's a safe delivery choice. But with little tweaks there's a lot of potential. I think if they could work on enhancing the flavors in the rolls (maybe even some sauce on the peking duck hand roll), lower the prices a little of the specialty rolls, and maybe create a few innovative varieties to make their menu stand out, it could go a long way.The sushi was excellent - very flavorful and delicious. However, the rolls are VERY small (diameter) especially for the price. Service was so-so....not so great. The decor is cozy, but a little tight (tables are very close together). I enjoyed my time  here, and I will definitely be going back.Absolutely delicious!
Try the Chilean sea bass!!! And the square roll!!!
Make sure you sit in the back room with historic brick walls and dripping wax candles in the walls.  
They also provide free validated parking for a certain parking lot and  free charging stations for all your devices in a locker downstairs by the bathrooms.This place was just decent. I went here on other reviews while I was in town, but was disappointed. I didnt know a sushi place could make a bad spicy tuna roll, but apparently they found a way. I got one of their signature rolls too, it was prettt good but it was waaaaay overpriced. Two other issues I had with this place was the loud club-like music that was blasting overhead, which reminded me of being in a dank bar. Furthermore, what sushi place has the sushi bar in the basement?? Where I am from, sushi bars are in eyesight of the restaraunt seating area and many times have bar space you can sit at and watch the chef make the food. The fish seemed fresh on my plate, but was disheartening to not see my sushi being prepared, seeing the waiter/bartender bring the food up from the basement seemed sketchy. I am in a land- locked state in Kentucky, but the sushi restaurant I attend there regularly is much better in my opinion. That's all I got.One of my favorite restaurants in Old City and one of my favorite sushi restaurants of all time. Place is small, but people are nice and sushi is delicious!The sweet potato tempura flake roll was OUTSTANDING. The place is cozy and friendly. One of the few sushi places I would actually return to.If you are looking for traditional Japanese sushi, then is not the place to go. If you are looking for American-Japanese fusion food, then you've found a good place. 
For appetizers, my boyfriend ordered a miso soup ($2) and I had the king crab miso soup ($5). I am not sure why other reviewers raved about the soup, it tasted exactly the same as the $2 miso soup except it had some noodles and a few morsels of canned crab meat. It tasted good but not worth the $3 mark up compared to the regular miso soup.
We also had the lobster roll special, crunchy tuna roll and monkey roll. The rolls tasted okay, but nothing to rave about. It was definitely not worth the price. The "traditional" crunchy tuna roll didn't taste very traditional. One redeeming point is that the presentation was very well done.
I gave it 3 stars because overall, it wasn't a terrible experience. The service was very very good. The hostess, waiters and owner were all very friendly and personable. 
I will probably only come back for lunch specials.Zento is really fantastic in all respects.
Went in the other night with the all-you-can-eat livingsocial deal.  I was a little scared of the waiter hating us because of it, but experienced no such thing (service was A++)!  All in all, it was a great way to sample more sushi on the menu than I normally would have.
The Food:
What stood out to me was the deep sea roll, which is wasabi pan-seared tuna with romain heart and spicy mayo.  If you like tuna, get this!  The interesting thing about getting this over raw fish or tempora is that the tuna is really well seasoned and has searing all the way around the "tube" of fish.
Other stand-outs:
-tuna pizza appetizer (includes seaweed)
-square sushi - it's kind of like nigiri but condensed into a square
-lychee mojito
-green-tea mochi (much more strong matcha taste than Trader Joe's if you've had that)
My only complaint is the flavor on the Mexican roll.  It's really strange to me because all I could taste were the toppings, gauc & mango salsa.  I'm sure there's fish in there but I couldn't tell because it was completely overpowered.
Atmosphere
I'll admit, I do miss the sushi bar being visible, but they do have some nice alcoholic choices at the bar.  They were also playing an old Gordzilla movie on a few TVs, which was neat after just having seen Pacific Rim the day before.
Price / Value
Clearly I didn't pay menu price this time, but I think the prices are pretty accurate.  They give 8 pieces of sushi per roll, which is an important detail.  Other sushi places I've tried may charge slightly less but also only give 6 pieces per roll.
Will be returning soon :)Highly recommended the calamari! Also we came in closer to closing and I was waiting for them to say no but they seated us right away. My Mixed Sushi order was fantastic!!This is a really neat place in Old City.  I love their fried calamari.  There are some decent deals for our large Meetup group that goes there for game night, although that recently changed.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  My friend says they have the best Saki he's tasted in the area.  The food I've had with them has always been good, but now that they've changed prices I probably will not be eating there regularly.  It's very close to ample street parking which is great
There are so many options on Chestnut Street and on surrounding streets in Old City it's hard to say if I would pick Zento above others.  But I am glad they are willing to host our meetup and therefore I give them points for hospitality!The sushi was good, but small portions and expensive. Also only sushi on the menu. Not noodles like the website said.Place was awesome! Waitress was super accommodating, and the bourbon blossom cocktail was to die for. Would definitely come back again!We came here for the 7 course meal but it turn out to be 6 1/2  since we have to share a dessert.The place is nice. It was an ok  value but mainly because of the Livingsocial price. I could see spending $35 plus tax and tip for this meal, but at $70. (regular price is around $120. it's not worth it.) 
I asked a waiter for a regular cosmo cocktail instead of white peach cosmo that's on the drink menu. The waiter said it's not on the cocktail menu we can't make it. My friend and I looked at each other. Is this for real?  you can't make me a cosmo, really?  the place is nice food is good service is ok. I will go back but not anytime soon. I would go try other places first.This is a wonderful sushi destination in Philly. Good menu, friendly/diligent service, and a cool ambiance to top it off versus the counter type hole in walls (which have delicious sushi but aren't always date friendly). This place is BYOB and has a bar....I didn't know places had both. Great pick, awesome Kani salad, Love Roll, and King Crab miso soup!drop everything & go now! I could eat there every weekend. The proportions were great, the flavor/ freshness of each item was perfect & service was super friendly. I heard of Zento through TravelZoo and it was a steal for $75. My favorite items were the rainbow cintron and whatever the chef did to my white tuna nigiri sushi... blew my taste buds. Plus, its great that they have a bar and its BYOB. Only $10 Friday and Saturday.A nice intimate place to grab sushi in Olde City.  It's extremely small so reservations are recommended!
I think I'd heard a little too much hype, so my expectations were through the roof.  We arrived and were seated at our reserved table (party of 4).  We had our menus and the server took an inordinately long time to take our order (along the lines of 20+ minutes).  
We ordered a multitude of rolls and I got miso soup as a starter.  It pains me to say the sushi was just above average.  I don't know if it's a California thing, but I am missing a certain taste or texture or sensation in my mouth that I just didn't get here.  Maybe it's because it was the end of the day on a Thursday?  Is that old joke about fish being flown in on a Monday really true?!
Anyway, seems like a good place, but between the very slow service and the meh quality of the sushi, I probably wouldn't come here again.My friend and I were in town and stayed near Penn's landing. We wanted something delicious and healthy, so we thought Japanese! Sushi! You can't go wrong with Japanese. However, as a Japanese food fan, I had high standards.. perhaps, too high.
The vibe: Zento is trendy. It's got this modern, sleek, and chic look. Imagine dark furniture, dim lighting.. kind of romantic but not like overkill romantic. 
The food and drink: We ordere edamame; it was typical.. kind of salty and not as fresh. We ordered rolls. Unfortunately, the rolls weren't that memorable, which is why this place is a 3 star for me. I ordered two rolls, but only remember one -- the shrimp tempura roll. My friend ordered vegetarian rolls; I tried one and thought it was eh. Side note, these rolls are small. Finally, we ordered fuji apple sake. It was great, cold fruity and sweet sake. It went well with our rolls. 
Overall, I wouldn't say this is a "must try" place during a Philly visit, but it's a decent place for locals. Oh, and the bill? The damage wasn't bad at all.. about $60 for two people. I'd say it's a pretty decent deal since we also ordered drinks.Fish is good, but it's overpriced. The environment was ok, nothing special. I'm not sure that the $18 dollar specialty rolls are worth it; it's literally no bigger in size or taste to justify a 3x hike. And the waiters keep pushing you to order them over the traditional rolls and pay in cash! Bad manners, however nice it tried to come across, it was wrapped all in greed and annoyance. So many better places for a fraction of price. Stay away.Pretty slow service, gets pretty crowded and cluster around evening hours, but great food! :)I like this place, will return, romantic little spot, nice lighting and relaxed atmosphere. Mixed Drinks are good, service is very nice. Appetizers were ok, but I enjoyed the sushi rolls much more. Miso soup was tasty, shrimp rolls were good but the chicken egg rolls were not that good. I like that they give you two pieces per order (Sushi) instead of one piece per order.Really great sushi place, went here on my last day in Philly which was a shame.  Their special rolls were so good! Hope to come here on my next trip to the US.