Basically got a little bit of everything! And I'd get it all again. Was pretty quick getting food to-go. They even refilled my hibiscus tea a couple times while i waited. Good food, good service.Really, really like this place. Quaint, hip, refreshing place with lots of sunshine coming through and food that makes you feel good about yourself! 
I usually get the platter because I want a taste of everything! You think you wouldn't get full, but I am stuffed and I don't get that yucky, heavy feeling after! Look, best advice I can give you is to just come here and pick something. I don't think you will be disappointed. If you are, well my bad.Hands down one of the best little hidden treasures from the city. I feel like I'm eating straight out of the garden the way everything is beautifully dressed with vegetables and greens. Simple ingredients bursting with the right amount of flavor.Great little place on Ponce de Leon about two steps off Esplanade in the Faubourg St. John. Although very vegetarian and vegan they do have a chicken salad sandwich, that looks great, and a spiced lamb but never ordered because everything else looks and is so good. Only one soup and today was an excellent golden tomato gazpacho , another time they did a regular gazpacho topped with feta cheese that was different but also excellent. Then came the Falafel Platter that comes with Falafel (4 still hot), Beet and Carrot Slaw, Mixed Greens, Hummus , Pan Bread , Flatbread and dips and sauces such as Toum: garlic, Zohoug: cilantro-chile and Tzatzki: yogurt-cucumber. Everything is fresh and beautifully presented by a very friendly and accommodating staff. Very clean and flooded with natural light from the big front window. Although no bar to be seen they have wine, beer, some house cocktails but also lemonade and hibiscus iced tea. The place is small but worth a wait if you can, they have a wine shop next door a coffee shop 2 doors away or a small park just across Esplanade.The best plating for this type of food I've ever seen. I had the lamb and pork kofta platter. The veggies were perfectly grilled on an open flame, the kofta was just a bit too salty, but very flavorful, perfectly cooked just north of medium, unlike most places that practically burn a kebab or kofta. There was a red sauce with it...I don't know what it was, but I wanted to lick the bowl at the end it was so good. The restaurant is very small and a little loud for me, but had some small, interesting details. For example, the tables have drawers with knifes, forks and napkins. They also set aside a portion of their profits to planting trees in the area and tips are shared equally with the staff. The kitchen was impressively fast. I saw the felafel platters around me at other tables and it looked so good that I will be back to try that soon.This restaurant is amazing. I got the Brussels sprouts and falafel sandwich. Everything was so fresh and full of flavor.So, so so good! Came here for the mezze feast and happy hour wines and it ended up being one of our top meals of the trip! Amazing.I die for flavorful food and 1000 Figs delivered. Big time. Their falafel was just a perfect mix of flavors and if you like caprese salad, make sure to get theirs (called "tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella" on the menu). Can't say enough good about this place.Delicious! Light, tasty, and fresh. Love the salads that come with the falafel platter. I always add an order of pickles. Husband had the lamb the other night and loved it too. This is the sort of food that you feel good after eating.Small, quaint and absolutely DELICIOUS!!! 
From the masterminds of the New Orleans food truck Fat Falafel this restaurant is doing it right by keeping it simple. 
My favorites, so far are the Brussels Sprouts, Lamb Hearts, Falefel Sandwich and the Buratta. 
They don't have a liquor license yet but you can grab  a bottle of wine  from the shop next door. If you get there and it's packed don't worry they'll bring it to the wine shop ;-)Great service. Delicious, fresh and very filling food for a great price. We loved our dinner and I will definitely recommend 1000 Figs to my friends!The brussel sprouts...omg the brussel sprouts!!! This was our last meal during our 5 day stay in NoLa, and I am so glad that we came here and ended the trip on a high note. 
A tiny but quaint spot, 1000 Figs provides fresh and delicious food that is healthy but comforting all at the same time. The service was extremely friendly and I felt the portions were very fair. Get the fresh lemonade. Just do it. 
The falafel platter was good, as were the pickles, but I think we could have just survived on plates upon plates of brussel sprouts and hummus. We could not stop eating those items, I think there was even a consideration of licking the plate until more patrons came in and sat down at which point we decided to ::try:: looking like normal people. Then again, this is New Orleans where anything goes!The restaurant is small so there is always a wait during prime dinner time, but the food is worth it. I ate the falafel platter and added Brussel sprouts. All of the salads were delicious. In addition the sauces were fun to try with the falafel. I would definitely eat at 1000 figs again!I'm a big fan of good falafel wraps. And I live in fear and loathing of bad ones.
This is the best I've had in New Orleans. The best I've had in years, actually. I love the sauce, and the option to add brussels sprouts and pickles (a must, and a rarity, for some reason, at many falafel-serving joints).
It's only the second time I've had their food, but I could eat here all the time if I lived or worked closer. I like the cute little space of the restaurant, too.The falafel sandwich is so delicious!!! The ingredients are very fresh and yummy! The food comes out rather quickly so if on a short lunch break, it's totally doable!This place is a delicious neighborhood spot that will likely have long lines when people get to know about it.  The food is healthful and extremely tasty and the room feels cozy.  Falafel, french fries, brussel sprouts, kale salad and squid all highly recommended.  Hopefully they will get a liquor license along the way, but in the meantime the hibuscus tea is very refreshing.The falafel, french fries, and brussels sprouts were unbelievable. That being said, the spreads were just average. Go for the falafel it's worth it!This place is WONDERFUL. It was the first place we tried when we arrived in new orleans! It was 2 blocks from our Air b&b house. We came 10 minutes before dinner time, i ordered off of the dinner menu & my fiance ordered off of the lunch menu. We also ordered some hummus & pita. The pita was different, kind of tasted more like focciata but it was SO GOOD. It was freshly made and had little charred pieces on it. The hummus was so delicious, we ate it so fast! I ordered the Mississippi Lamb shoulder. It came with a chickpea mash, yogurt & pita. It was the most tender piece of meat i have EVER had. It was SO GOOD. My fiance had the Falafel Sandwich. He seemed to have a little trouble eating it, but he was satisfied. 
The place itself is really quiet, but if i were you i'd make an order & eat at swirl and have a bottle of wine! If i had known that they paired with them we would have done that! The restaraunt it's self doesn't have liquor.My wife and I eat here regularly and I've never had a bad experience.  Their price point is varied: you can eat cheap or go buck wild. And for you boozy people, the wine and beer selection is well-curated.  The dining space is beautiful and intimate, and though seating is limited, you can always take to go over to Swirl or the park across the street.1000 Figs has been on my radar for a long time.  I finally got to hit it up today for lunch with a friend.  I wasn't disappointed!
Atmosphere:  A-
Cute little place right off of Esplanade Avenue.  You order at the counter, take a number, and they bring your food to you.  There are a few tables inside, but not many.  We ended up sitting outside.  My only complaint was that there were two umbrellas, but that was only enough to fully cover one table.  We were left sitting out in the hot sun.
Service:  A
Very friendly counter person.  Efficient service.
Food:  A++++
We ordered the falafel platter which came with falafel (duh), salad, spreads, etc.  We added on some feta and brussels sprouts for a couple dollars more.  We also had the burrata with an herbed salad and sourdough bread.  Everything was absolutely delicious!  It was the perfect amount for us to share.
Value:  A
Prices were extremely reasonable.  Falafel sandwiches are $6.  We paid $14 for the falafel platter with additions, and $11 for the burrata with salad and bread.  
I was disappointed that that weren't more reasonably priced wine options.  $11 for a glass or rose at a counter service cafe is just too much.Best falafel I've ever had(and I lived in Turkey for over 3 years so I'm picky), they melt in your mouth!I had the falafel plate; spicy lamb and pork hummus; and the roasted beets salad.  Everything was delicious.  The flatbread was amazing too.Amazing food and great service! I'm usually not a fan of falafel but 1000 figs has converted me!Wish I could rate it 3 1/2 stars. Overall flavors are wonderful. I got the beet salad and a side of falafel. The exterior of the falafel tasted a little burnt. The interior didn't have much of a taste on its own but was a wonderful carrier for the root slaw. 
The beet salad was light but quite filling thanks to the barley. I only wish the barley were room temperature and not chilled. The chill took away a lot of the flavor and changed the texture, too. Also, I'd prefer bigger cuts of beets. Do you cut them small so it looks like you put more in the plate? They get lost in the bite with everything else in the salad when I wish they were the star. 
All of that said, 1000 Figs is my new go-to take out food. I'm so happy to have healthy, delicious, reasonably priced food in my neighborhood.Had the hummus platter and kale dip- I wish I lived in New Orleans so that I could eat here everyday! The food was perfect- fresh, flavorful, large, filling portions.Best falafel sandwich I've had in New Orleans, hands down.  Do yourself a favor and get some brussels sprouts too - they are awesome too.  Love the freshness and the flavors.  
If you are feeling decadent the fries are great either the garlic-y sauce.  Yum!!
Hint: if there is a long wait for a table you might be able to score a table at Swirl - and and they'll deliver to you at Swirl while you enjoy some wine!We came about 4 on a Saturday. You order at the counter then find a seat. There is seating for 22 people  plus a couple of tables outside. They now have a single menu from 11-9:30. Utensils and napkins are in the drawers at each seating place. There was only one person at the counter who brought out the food.  The hibiscus tea is sweetened, they didn't have unsweet tea. The price has dropped to $2.50 with free refills. We ordered small plates:
Brussels sprouts ( delicious!)
Fries with toum
Beet dip
Tomato mozzarella salad
And the falafel feast.
Toum is an addictive Lebanese condiment of garlic whipped ( e.g. In a food processor) by slowly drizzling oil into the garlic, until it turns into a stiff mayonnaise type emulsion. It's a perfect compliment to the fried potatoes which are just the vehicle for eating toum.
As others have said, the Brussels sprout salad was awesome, a delicious blend of smoky, char grilled, crispy leaves with fresh greens in a vinaigrette. TIP order a piece of flat bread to soak up the dressing at the bottom of the bowl.
The large serving of fries/toum were good, but the fries (skin on) were limp and fairly greasy. 
The beet dip might have been raw beets since it wasn't creamy smooth; they're mixed with yogurt, and I tasted a hint of lemon, salt, pecan and piñon nuts. It's then drizzled with oil and a large spoonful of their yogurt. The color is gorgeous, but it was slightly sweet and rather bland. The Greek 'pandzarosalata' made with cooked beets, garlic, yogurt and walnuts is more flavorful to me.
The tomatoes with mozzarella was good but very overpriced for a cup of small tomatoes. I guess the cost is the two slices of fresh mozzarella. It's topped with fennel fronds, small nasturtium leaves and a vinaigrette.The atmosphere here is probably my favorite, it's a rare mix of chic, casual, cozy and light. It's hard to imagine a situation that this restaurant wouldn't be perfect for. 
The food itself was equally fantastic. They served an intense garlic paste on their hummus and baba that took both to the next level. The brussels sprouts are also a must. The only things that lacked were the falafel, which seemed dry (although everyone else was obsessed) and the small portions. At the same time, everyone left feeling full but not exploding and commented how pleasant that was. Guess I'm just used to exploding after meals!
I can't wait to be back.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans! The food is perfect. Falafel platter, add brussels and baba. Amazing flavors, fast/friendly service, and beautiful presentation. Definitely visit it if you love a flavor packed meal!Finally made my way back to Figs and it's as good if not better than my first time. 
They now serve beer, wine and a few specialty cocktails. 
Food is still amazing! We had the Platter with all the add-ons and believe me when I tell you it's more than enough for two people.
I will always thank Figs for introducing me to Burrata and will get it every time. It's soooo good and they keep it simple.
Pork kabobs were delicious. There was a small mix up in the kitchen and we were told they were out after having ordered them. The waitress was super sweet and offered us the fries instead. Then she came back to let us know they still had some kabobs but that the fries were on the house. 
All in all a great experience. However, I recommend you make reservations specially on Friday and Saturday nights. It can be very loud when packed so if you're looking for quiet maybe come on a week night.This is a fresh well lit spot for a great lunch.  The falafel is good, and every other item that I've tried so far is equally tasty.  The gazpacho is light cool, and nicely presented, the beet salad is full of color and mild flavor.  The bread burratta and tomato combination with olive oil can't be beat.  The toasted bread had a very wide crumb and it's worth a trip just for that alone.  The French fries are also worth trying.Delicious baba ganooj and falafel. Also enjoyed the fries and hibiscus ice tea. The service was also very good, despite it being busy at the time. Would love to go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.Finally came here after hearing about it for so long and everything was amazing! It's on a cute street in Mid-City and it's super small in the inside, but it's cute and has such character. I went here at 3:30 on a Tuesday and they still had their daily specials which included the discounts of a $4 falafel sandwich (normally $6) and $8 platter (normally $12). We also got the fries and Brussel sprouts. The fries were plentiful and came with a delicious garlic mayo dip, and the Brussel sprouts were huge and seasoned amazingly. Overall everything was delicious and I would say it's a cheaper version of Shaya. Can't wait to come back I just wish they'd open another one in Uptown!!This is one of my favorite restaurants to eat in the city. I love the atmosphere and staff is helpful and friendly. My favorite dish is the falafel platter. However, I always ask for the flat bread for a dollar or two more. It's definitely worth it! Everything on the menu is delicious and cooked to perfection.  Their cocktails are great as well! Sometimes there is a wait but my husband and I always wait at the wine bar next door. 1000 figs is a one of a kind gem.Came here for dinner. Very small restaurant. We sat at the bar and it had cool drawers with silverware and napkins. Cool concept. Ordered the falafel for 2 and some wild boar meatballs. The platter was phenomenal!  Definitely enough food for 2. The hummus and other sauces were very well balanced. I really liked the pita bread - fresh, warm, toasty on the outside and soft on the inside. Out food was beautifully presented, well seasoned, and tasted amazing. Their house made kombucha was tasty too. An interesting sweet/sour flavor. I recommend this place even if you have to wait.Never ever had a Falafel sandwich as fresh and savory as this. And I live very near Falafel-land near Chicago's Devon ave where world cultures blend and mix in a delightful Masala of tastes and smells. 
The menu offers nice variety of tastes and flavors and quality in all aspects is very apparent here. The tables have the setups located in drawers on each side so self service for serviettes & silver are literally close at hand. 
Clean and light atmosphere combined with a dreamy hostess made my day this Saturday I will be back. Maybe again today. Que Sabor.I can't believe it's taken me so long to eat here, and now that I've discovered this neighborhood gem better believe I'm gonna become a local fixture. Suffice to say, I want to order and try everything on the menu.  The falafel sandwich may be the best I've ever had - julienned beets and carrots, yummy tahini along with some kind of crazy delicious green sauce, ideally crunchy outside and soft inside falafel balls, perfect pita texture. Shared the brussels sprouts and fries with my lunch companion, both were delicious - the fries in particular were outstanding, although the garlic aioli that came with it was just a tad bit too garlicky. Other than that tiny gripe (which wasn't enough to knock off a star) this was absolutely awesome!
So good that I'm still thinking about it 5 hours later and writing a now rare-for-me Yelp post. Cute, casual and cozy ambiance, love the little drawers for napkins and silverware and the price point is right too. If you like Mediterranean food, can't go wrong with 1000 Figs!Had the falafel feast, and added tabouli salad and extra baba ganoush.  Very very good.  Much better than the vast majority of Mediterranean restaurants. However, not as good as Shaya.  Please see that review.  My friend loved the place.  Service was a bit slow.It's really 3.5 stars.
The hubby and I decided to try this new place after reading all the great reviews.  We went on a Friday evening at 5:30pm.  It hadn't gotten busy yet, so we were the only ones there.  Almost like having dinner at a friend's house, because the place is so small and quaint.
Short menu.  We shared the french fries with toum (a garlic aioli) for our appetizer.  They were crispy and the toum was yummo.  We then shared the falafel platter and the lamb flatbread.  The falafels were ok.  The platter comes with fresh salad and veggies that were delicious, but just needed a tad more acidity.  The lamb was oh so good, fatty and moist, not dry like most places.  The hibsicus tea is good, but pricey at $3 (get your free re-fills in while you're there).
Overall, sweet new place.  Go give it a try.Great service! Amazing, beautiful bruschetta!  Creamy burratta cheese. The fries weren't my favorite (a bit over-done), but fresh and hand-cut nonetheless. (Huge plus when the fries aren't frozen!) Tasty hummus with fun microgreens. :)1000 Figs is a perfect example of simple Middle Eastern food, but with a unique twist! Being from the Middle East I have had some pretty incredible authentic cuisine. 1000 Figs does not disappoint. The falafel sandwich is the perfect blend of sweet and savory with pickled carrots and beets and spicy pepper sauce. Now, the hummus is good but NOT like classic hummus because of it's intense smoked paprika flavor. What I like to do is add some lemon to it and call it a day. Absolutely on point is the baba ghanoush! This is some of the best baba ghanoush I've had in my life. 
Honestly everything is delicious in this place and everyone needs to visit it, but be warned, it's tiny inside and can get quite loud!This place uses all local ingredients and super clean! The sandwich bread is from Leo's and stuffed with an amazing chicken salad. Their falafel is great. Everything is amazing except I wish the restaurant was a tad bigger in size.Lunched with a best girlfriend and the entire experience was fantastic. Ordered the falafel plate with Brussels sprouts and fried with toum. Perfect amount for sharing and everything was delicious. Sat outside as it was a lovely day. Also, ordered the hibiscus tea which was very flavorful but be sure to ask for sweetener. They make their own and it's wonderful. We both left full and happy.The restaurant is very small and filled up fast around 6:30PM. Lots of potted plants, wooden tables and benches, natural lighting, artwork of bridges. I loved the atmosphere. Cozy and quaint. The tables could be oriented for 2-3 people and had built-in drawers for silverware. Very fun!
The food was delicious and fresh. We tried the brussel sprouts, summer squash, lamb shoulder, falafel platter, and hibiscus tea. Each dish came with some different variation of greens which was nice. The brussel sprouts were tangy with a nice crunchy red cabbage bed. The falafels were flavorful and not dry. The falafel platter came with flatbread, hummus, a carrot and beet salad and multiple sauces including a garlic sauce. These two were our favorite dishes.
I am ready to go back for more!The food was very tasty! The restaurant is in a cute part of town. The place is small, but it is totally worth the wait. Honestly, we came just around dinner time, so that made a difference I'm sure. 
Sprouts were great. My babe and I shared, although I could have had my own serving. The Fest was massive and so good. We finished 85% of it. I will definitely be back and it takeout is certainly an option as well.This place is awesome! Small menu, but I like that because each item is done well here. I love the chicken salad sandwich, simple, fresh, tastes wonderful, and the bread is incredible. The falafel sandwich is also really good, as well as the hibiscus tea. Enjoy!Tiny place, but really wonderful food.  I've never had such tender, flavorful falafel before.  The falafel platter my family shared was a feast and it was all revelatory--wow.  Try this place!Really wonderful food. Best falafel in town. Some of the best sauces you'll find anywhere. Love the appetizer sampler, though don't order a bunch more food behind it; best to get through some of it and see where your fullness level is at! 
BYOB is nice, particularly as there's Swirl wine shop next door. Service is very friendly, attentive and accommodating! small dining area, so reservations or take out are a good idea. Will be patronizing this place as long as it (and I) are around!One of my favorite restaurants in the city. It is so delicious yet reasonably priced. It is such a cute little place in an even cuter area. Everything I have had here has been delicious so you really can't go wrong. The only problem is that it is a small restaurant and can get very busy and they do not take reservations. Plan on waiting during peak hours!I love this place for a girlfriend date or a place to take your mom when she comes in town!  My favorite dish (the falafel platter) has no meat - but I don't even notice. Everything is so fresh and distinct in flavor - nothing is overbearing or too salty.  
The falafel themselves are delicious little balls of warm goodness. I like to add brussels, baba, and pickles to mine but that's just me. And that's also lots of food!  But if you're going to add one thing, add the brussels.  They might be my favorite item on the platter.
The smoked chicken salad sandwich is definitely worthy of a try as well. Lots of meat, not too mayonaisse-y, and the bread is delicious.  
As previously noted, the restaurant is very tiny.  Tables are close together.  Decor is very minimalistic (which I love).  Maybe not the most intimate of atmospheres, but cute/fun nonetheless.Best meal I had in NOLA. Stopped after an extremely long active day and ordered the Hummus Platter. It was divine. It was so good I thought about returning the second day. Will definitely return the next time I am in the city! If you eat anywhere in NOLA, eat here!Holy f*ck. The falafels are seriously the juiciest, most flavored piece of a*s I've ever eaten. That's what brings you in, then the chicken salad sandwich blows your mind (loads). Is that smoked chicken in there? D*mn. 
That hum hum tho, so fresh, and so dream dream.
Mix with a lil haloumi and kale, and shiii***t - you on a whole nother level. 
Come with 4 friends, split the big falafel platter, it's perfect. 
They even have killer drinks now.
This place is top tier, and top tear maker, for I cry it's so good.
I'd list it as a top 3 restaurant in all of New Orleans.
Owners of 1000 Figs-- Better buy cansecos, you're gonna need more room after this review!Amazing vegetarian food.  Make sure to try the taziki. They make their yogurt in house.  The ricotta pumpkin seed dip is very unique and delicious.Went here after reading about the amazing falafel. Got the falafel feast and the Brussels sprouts. If you get nothing else here, get the Brussels sprouts. They are fantastic!
Moving on to the falafel feast, the falafel were seriously the best I've ever had. Delightfully crunchy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside. You get several different sauces, my favorite was the cilantro one. The hummus was good, the baba ganouj was delicious. The pita were definitely home made and tasty. Not as good as the pita at Shaya, but that's almost not fair to compare the two as they are very different places.
Overall, great service and amazing food. Would definitely go back for the falafel and Brussels sprouts.My wife and I had lunch here on a Friday and loved it.  It is as everyone says.  The place is tiny.  It only seats about 20 inside with a few more tables outside.  We arrived at about 11:30 and there were only a few people inside.  By the time we left, the place was completely full.
My wife had the chicken salad sandwich.  We could not decide which was better, the chicken salad or the bread.  I had the Platter with falafel, hummus and greens.  We also got an appetizer of brussel sprouts.  I love sprouts and these were the best I had ever eaten.
I was more food that we could eat and we went away satisfied.  We will visit again.This was a repeat visit to this wonderful NOLA gem.  Not a typical restaurant for sure as it is rather small/intimate and the kitchen closes early.  But guaranteed not to disappoint!
There are so many outstanding features of this eatery....from the incredible small plates (which are as beautiful to look at as they are to eat) to the art work found on the walls, in the light fixtures and around the outside perimeter of the large front window.  All constructed from the metal of gallon tomato cans, I understand.  The addition of wine (the rosé was so refreshing) to the menu was a great decision.
The young owners have hit it out of the park once again!  Looking forward to our visit next year.I really enjoyed this. I wasn't sure exactly what a falafel was, but it was pretty tasty. The fries and the sauce (?) that came with them was so yummy! It's a large order of fries for one person.  The hibiscus tea was good, and the service and atmosphere very pleasant. Really cute neighborhood place. Will go back.This is the cutest little place! There are maybe 6 tables, plus a bar, but we came for early lunch on Saturday and had no problem getting a seat. The mozzarella sandwich is absolutely delicious and a good bit of food for $11.I stopped at this place for lunch and ordered the platter. I was pleasantly surprised by the size and love to "add on" options for $1 that allow you a little taste of other things. Everything was delicious, but the stand outs were the "toum" sauce and Brussels sprouts.The falafel was no where near as good as it was when this was Fat Falafel. They were burned and pretty flavorless.I read some rave reviews about the chicken salad and the brussel sprouts so I had this place on my must try list to eat exactly that.  
While it was perfectly fine,  there is better. 
The chicken salad tasted of all mayo with a lack of smoked chicken and more of a "rotissery" chicken taste. It reminds me of something I'd make at home,  which isn't a bad thing but certainly doesn't impress.  The sprouts were again,  just fine.  Basic  roasted brussel sprouts with a bit more oil than I'd like.  There are some really great brussel sprouts out there (Luke and Butcher to name a couple), these are some I could pass on next time.  The side salad was well,  just greens with maybe a drizzle of oil.  While this seems to be the standard for alot of places, this version was a bit too simple. A nice vinaigrette would have added alot of value.  I ended up ditching the greens all together. 
The portion size of the sprouts was quite large.  For a side,  it could feed 3.  You can't change your side salad for an up charge so I had more than enough food.  The sandwich was loaded with the perfect amount of chicken salad. I had enough for 2 meals.  It comes on thick nicely griddled (sourdough?) bread. 
I'll return to try some items I'm sure they're better at,  like the falafel.  But if you're in the mood for chicken salad or some brussel sprouts, this is a decent option.Great food! Everything on the menu is really good! The space it's in is quite small (don't take a large group) but very charming and nice. Staff is accommodating and the washroom is super clean.I really do love this place.  I'm often on a hunt for good falafel and this place is as good as it get's.  The falafels have the perfect balance of crispy outside with a nice light flavorful filling.  These are not the heavy dense falafel balls/patties that you find in so many other mediterranean restaurants.  I recently had the falafel plate that comes with hummus and the beet salad.  Again - DELICIOUS!  But what I really come for is the fries, with the tour.  My goodness is that good stuff.  I have yet to try the brussel sprouts but I will try to get that the next time.  I'm just too obsessed with the fries that I can't fully commit to trying the sprouts.  I'm sure they are delightful.  But everytime I go, the fries are calling my name.  Did I mention I like the fries?
The space is small but cute.  Parking can be a bit of a challenge but it's worth it.  The staff have always been super friendly and every visit has been quite pleasant.  This is great place to stop after a nice walk in nearby City Park.The falafel was outstanding. The Brussel sprouts are a must. really enjoyed this spot it's a great alternative to most of the heavy food found in the south. Portions are awesome and prices are great.I have been here 3 times for lunch in a week.  The food is constantly good and healthy.  I love all the fresh herbs that they use with homemade hummus and several other traditional Lebanese foods. I highly recommend 1000 Figs food. 
I do want to say it gets very crowded and is pretty loud. Don't go expecting a quiet romantic resturant with lots of heavy food.1000 Figs donated an assortment of salads, hummus and falafel to the WWOZ Pledge Drive. I am normally not a fan fo falafel but the theirs was the best I ever had, so moist and flavorful. The salads and hummus was also great. Thanks so much for donating to OZ.LOVE this place! The platter for two is A LOT OF FOOD! Inexpensive, low key environment. I definitely recommend this place to people. It's a great change of pace from the popular foods of New Orleans.One of the best new places and in the 'hood. I love a great place I can walk to.  Yes I'm talking to you Jon! All of the dishes are very good, great falafel and baba of course (they are after all the Fat Falafel food truck crew) but I can't stop eating the smoked-chicken salad sandwich.  Homemade lemonade is a treat. It gets packed quick but carry out is available and they'll just text you when your table is ready so bring some wine, take a walk to Fortier Park across the street, and enjoy the best neighborhood in New Orleans.We are always glad to see an option in the neighborhood, and were excited to try 1000 Figs.  The chicken salad sandwich was excellent. The falafel sandwich was ok and the reason for 3 stars. It had too much added to the sandwich. The falafel should speak for its own, but it was lost in the sauce and cabbage.  The atmosphere is cozy, clean and eclectic. Very well done.Fantastic! 
Amazing!
We had been on a very long road trip and fully indulged the opportunity to eat some fresh, healthy, interesting food. 
I think much of this was from the specials menu, but we learned that the chef goes to the market and buys the best stuff, so there's probably something like this every week:
Fig &Watermelon salad - amazing combination with yoghurt, feta, arugula and eggplant
Cherry tomato salad with the tiniest sweetest most interesting tomatoes I've ever tasted
Pink, toasty, decadent brussels sprouts
The best falafel ever - they do things with spices that I've never tasted before
Seared squash salad with sisho leaf in the herb salad - YES!
Gorgeous gazpacho
Lamb that my husband wishes we had ordered more of
Shrimp and polenta-style grits - a mediterranean-southern culinary catchall
I recommend it all. Enjoy!I just love this place. Super fresh. Bring a friend or three and get the platter with a side of brussels sprouts. It's a huge portion of hand-ground falafel, salad, sauces, amazing homemade flatbread, excellent taboulli, veggies, hummus and roasted garlic paste. You'll all leave full and happy (but not feeling heavy or ick). The food and iced teas are all delicious. The space is small but thoughtfully laid out, considering. Each table has a little drawer containing cutlery and napkins- cute detail! Their cocktails are not impressive, either in flavor balance or breadth of selection so you should skip those. It's not really much of a drawback though. You can get a cocktail virtually everywhere in this city, lol. Drink tea and water for once and feel good!So glad y'all are permanently in the hood now! The space is gorgeous and the food (of course) was bangin'. I will explore the menu again soon, but was having a hankering for the Brussel sprouts and the tried-and-true falafel platter. Both dishes were perfectly prepared and the portions generous. I enjoyed the plethora of fresh greens and herbs in the salad. They just opened their doors on Monday and today was their first lunch service. They do offer take-out (it is an abbreviated menu) and the dinner menu is slightly larger than the lunch (two additional entrees - shrimp and lamb options). They do accept credit cards and I'm not sure about the liquor situation - i did see some wine glasses on their shelves hooray! Their only beverage options for lunch were bottomless hibiscus tea and water. They did just open though, so I'm sure that will change. I appreciate all the veggies on their menu (vegetables are the new bacon in my opinion and I am way more impressed by folks who can make vegetables taste good). Looking forward to frequenting the heck out of this establishment. Welcome to the hood falafel! xoxoSecond-best middle eastern food in the city. The best falafel in the city though. The dining area is small but has a good ambience.Wow, what a great place! This small, homey restaurant serves up some seriously good Middle Eastern food. The falafels are so light and fluffy inside, most unlike the usual sense falafel found elsewhere. The hummus and baba are both rich and garlicky, and each come with a dollop of soft tangy feta. The prices are really good for the portion sizes. Only cons are that the tables are quite close together (so you will hear your neighbors' conversations and they will hear yours) and there's some serious garlic in some dishes! I love garlic a lot, but my breath was pretty strong for several hours! Maybe not a first date place...Ok so literally 12 hours later after sitting in my backpack, cold, it is STILL the best falafel sandwich I've ever had - amidst the tops of New York City and the Bay Area yall. Unreal. Go.Had the falafel platter with brussel sprouts - phenomenal! Flavors were very smooth and complimentary of each other. Cute atmosphere. Will definitely go back.Popped in to this place for lunch and could not have been happier. Probably one of the best falafel's I've had in the states. I had the "naked" falafel, and added pickles and hummus. Everything was really tasty and fresh. I would definitely go back again.I was a huge fan of the fat falafel food truck and was happy to learn of this restaurant. I had the falafel platter, and it was as delicious as I remember, and beautifully presented. I had the hibiscus tea, and enjoyed two glasses of the gorgeous purple tea (its bottomless for $3). The interior of the restaurant is very clean and pretty with the plants. It looks nothing like the bookstore that once stood in its space. It was crowded at lunch, and I sat in front of the window. It was really too bright and there needs to be some sort of shade for diners who sit there. I had to hide in the corner to shield myself from the blinding sun. Another negative was the wait. I waited 20 minutes for my food...I am used to long lines at the food truck and never waited more than 5 minutes, so I was surprised at how long it took. Today I was really craving falafel, so when I got off work early (on a Friday), I went straight to the restaurant, only to find it closed....at 4pm...even though they were supposed to be open...not sure what happened. Excellent food, as expected, and beautiful interior, but I think there needs to be some kinks to work out.On the recommendation of our Airbnb host we made the hike up Esplanade to 1000 Figs and we're glad we did! While the menu is not expansive, it hits all the right spots for a Middle Eastern eatery. 
My wife ordered the falafel sandwich and enjoyed what our host had described as falafels that must be made with crack cocaine they're so addicting. They were absolutely perfect with a nice brown crunch on the exterior while remaining moist and tender within. The tzatziki was reportedly very good too. I believe it because she borrowed a bit of my pita to sop up the dregs. 
I ordered the hummus with lamb and pork! I wasn't sure what to expect. I received a generous portion of delicious hummus topped with shredded lamb and pork, beautifully plated with colorful, tiny blossoms and slivers of, I think radish accompanied by two large and wonderfully chewy pita breads. 
Good job 1000 Figs!If I could give it 0 stars I would. $13 for 4 measly falafel and an underwhelming amount of hummus. Portions are so small a bird probably wouldn't even feel satiated. Charges extra just for wanting to substitute another food item. Ridiculous. So tired of "health" places overcharging and providing an inadequate amount of food in return. Don't even bother, you won't even get your money's worth. Unless you're looking to buy the feast I guess, other than that it's a complete waste.