Very good Jamaican food!  Very nice restaurant.  Awesome service! Great decor.  We will return, I already know what I'm ordering next time.  We ordered the curry goat and the Reggae pasta and it was delicious and very nice presentation.The oxtail stew is amazing! Definitely was my favorite dish. Jerk chicken, rice and peas and Mac and cheese did not disappoint. Everything we had here was absolutely fantastic. I'm surprised with their overall rating of 4 stars! 5 stars hands down. I'll be back again very soon!Ordered food to go because of great recommendation about the restaurant. I was not disappointed in the delicious oxtails, cornbread and mac n cheese... yeah mon (sorry I couldn't resist)! Definitely going back to dine in and see what the rum punch is about.Ox tail was so tender and flavorful and great sticky long slow cooked knuckles. Rice perfect and sticky great side to the ox tails. Plantains cooked soft but firm awesome taste.  Hibiscus tea nice bite.
Good food at a great value. Ask for Brandon that young man knows his food and recommendations. Glad I found this place and right next to an amazing hotel.I enjoyed this place so much I'm taking my man for his birthday! We went for my cousin birthday and fell in love! The live music is a great touch! The food is exceptional, is transitioning to vegan and their are so many options on the menu for us! :)After living in Atlanta I became a Jamaican food junkie. I've been wanting to try 14 Parishes and as a treat I figured today was the day. I placed a phone order and was told my order would be ready in 20 min. I love around the corner so that worked. Parking is slim but after circling the block I found a spot. The atmosphere is nice. It's a cozy spot. I had a little anxiety when i saw that small door opening since I'm a plush sista but it was ok. I was greeted when I entered and was told my order wasn't quite ready. I ordered the Portland which is jerk chicken i paid for white meat but received dark. I was ok because it was grilled to perfection. I chose rice and peas and plaintains as my sides. I also asked for extra jerk sauce on the side. The chicken was really good and the plaintains were tender. I wish I would've asked for some oxtail gravy on the rice. Overall it was yummy. I need to eat in next time. Oh i almost forgot. The chef is handsome!!This is my second time trying this place, first time I ate in, tonight I ordered thru UberEATS and sadly I won't be back! 
First let me say that the food is pretty tasty, so I'll give you 1 star for that. I ordered the Portland jerk chicken plate and they were out of white meat at 8pm. Hesitantly, I opted for dark meat...Once my order arrived, just like another review mentioned, I noticed that there was hardly any chicken on the plate. I was literally looking for chicken in sort of disbelief. One small leg and 2 tiny pieces of a thigh. This meal should be described as "Rice with a side of chicken!" I hope the owners make adjustments accordingly.
Boswells Jamaican Grill on Tulane Is a much better deal for Caribbean food, cheaper and better portions, although don't expect great service!I just spoke with Lauren (?) who is one of the manager's.  She was very courteous and corrected the situation with the sales tax to my satisfaction and assured me that in the future there will a notice to customers that there is a 3% surcharge for using a credit card.  I will still support the business because its local.They have some really great soups here with the "Spanish Town" being a real standout and then their sides are quite flavorful with the rice and peas, callaloo and plantains really pleasing my taste buds.  The chicken and seafood dishes here are really nicely done while the goat curry wasn't my favorite.  Lunch is usually quick and easy here while during dinner it can get crowded when they have entertainment.  The only thing that I don't like about this joint is they don't offer iced tea.  This is definitely a joint worthy of a visit for some satisfying delicious food that leaves you with a healthy satisfied feeling.If you've ever been to Jamaica and find yourself missing the delicious yet spicy food, the beautiful and friendly people, or the laid back atmosphere you enjoyed on your vacation to Montego Bay or Negril, just go to 14 Parishes. You'll see what I mean. I mean, you'll definitely get a reality check once you get the bill but it'll be worth it.New restaurant in my neighborhood with great food! I haven't had a dish that I didn't love. Great ambiance and music. The owners are the best. Having dinner here makes me feel like I'm with family.Food is very good but the meat portion is very small and they don't carry dessert. Atmosphere is nice better than your average Caribbean joint. Drinks are nice, relaxed atmosphere.5 stars!!!! Yeah I see the reviews and some people think it's not real Jamaican cuisine but idk what that is so it doesn't bother me! The gag is....its chicken, it's jerk sauce, its sweet cornbread and it's cheesy macaroni. Who would ever complain about that? Not me. Nope! I love  the way everything tastes on the Portland plate. Look, the husband whose chef in the back knows what he is doing. It's a good fusion of Jamaican and American. It's what they know and what we like! Thank me later.Simply amazed with the ox tail meal..My mind was blown with that and to be honest everything we tried was fantastic. We will definitely be back and can't wait! A must visit if in the area!! Do not pass by this place and not stop!This was the most disappointing thing that I've had since trying gas station sushi. I ordered delivery for the Jerk Chicken with cabbage and plantains for $19.  There were 2 legs and 1 was so dry it was not eatable and a half of a thigh, the cabbage had ok flavor, and the plantains were dry and like they came out of the freezer, and all of it was cold, not warm, not room temp, cold.Fantastic! Done authentic Jamaican style! Delicious! Reasonably priced. Lots of menu options. Staff are friendly and service is good. They also have live music. I highly recommend!The Plantains Were Not As Good As I Thought They Would Be , It Tasted More Like A Broil Potato. However The Mac n Cheese Is The Bomb !  The Place Was Pretty Empty As WellA little out of the way,  but worth the trip.   Great Carribean food.   If you have fond memories of a trip to the Carribean, the food and drink here will transport you back to the islands.   Our party enjoyed a good starter and the main courses with two generous sides left us too full to try dessert.   When we visited they weren't serving liquor yet.  They brought us all the ice and glasses we need for our BYOB drinks.  Good food at a good price, nice atmosphere and great service.  Oxtail was outstanding as well as jerk chicken and shrimp.  We are all anxious to go back to try different dishes.The curry chicken meal is severely lacking in the chicken dept. it appears to be one chicken leg cut into fifths. Also notice how it is a chicken meal with two sides. They should have advertised it as Rice with a side of plantain and chicken. This is Inexcusable honestly considering they want $10 for this. Considering how close we are to the Caribbean it's upsetting how poor New Orleans ranks in this dept. still searching for a true authentic west Indian restaurant and the options are sparse. Being west Indian and coming from the east coast I can comfortably say that the options you folks have in this city are D grade at best.This place is a cute little Jamaican spot located near Uptown New Orleans! 
They have frequent events and "themed nights" here and the customer service, atmosphere, and entire vibe is out of this world!
Tried the St. Ann and can only say it's truly AMAZING! The tender chicken slow-cooked in a curry sauce with whatever (2) sides you want is true melt in your mouth PERFECTION! The "Callaloo" is soooooo good! And the Jasmine Rice is cooked perfectly! 
Definitely try one of the Jamaican sodas to quench your thirst!We were visiting and thought we would give this place a try. Food was good, reasonably priced but the service was very sub-par. 9 tables and the two waitresses repeatedly were taking food to the wrong table and both my wife and i got the wrong order. And a 45 minutes to an hour wait. I liked the vibe but the service was awful,  we will not return.I felt in love with Jamaican cuisine when I visited the country. I have been wanting to satisfy my craving for Jamaican food lately and I was recommended to go couple of different restaurants but they are more of a food truck/lunch spot deal. Was on the hunt for a dinner spot and came across 14 Parishes on Yelp so why not give it a try! Fast forward and I am so glad that I got to check this place out!
The menu looks like it is not extensive BUT it pretty much covers all the Jamaican essentials - they have got patties, jerk chicken, curry goats, stewed oxtail, soup, callaloo, steam veggies... To top them off, they got Jamaican beverages and cocktails as well. 
We were told ahead of the time that the food wait time would be 45 mins but we were eager to try so we decided to wait and sip some cocktail while waiting. The service was very nice and Lora (supposedly from the check) was very attentive. They didn't have bunch of stuff on the menu because they ran out but understandable; we went there kind of late. Well... this gives me a reason to go back and try their dishes  and it is a sign that this place offers good food. 
We got curry shrimp, steamed veggies, callaloo, and Spanish town soup. Everything was great. Hibiscus tea cocktail was very unique. 
Overall, had a great dinner in a nice atmosphere establishment and well... now gotta go back to try their patties!
P.s: be careful with their hot sauce bottle. That thing is real spicy spicy, no joke!This place is a cute little Jamaican spot located in Uptown New Orleans! 
They have frequent events and "themed nights" here featuring live music, poetry, open mic, and even live art paintings!
The staff here is soooo inviting and the customer service, atmosphere, and entire vibe is out of this world! 
The "Calaloo" is similar to the southern soul food dish "Greens". They were so tender and seasoned so well! I also got an opportunity to try the jerk chicken and all I can say is WOW!!! 
I've definitely found a new place to eat away my worries!My favorite Jamaican spot! The Curry and St Elizabeth is my favorite! Can't go wrong with anything here!I came to this restaurant in hopes of having some good Jamaican food. However, after sitting at the table and looking at the menu for 5 mins they told us that half the menu was not available. This is after handing us the menus and me selecting what I wanted. They were out of jerk chicken, curry chicken, beef patties, chicken patties, and snapper. I've never been to a Jamaican restaurant that was out of curry chicken or jerk chicken. I settled for another chicken dish (which is weird because if they have chicken why wouldn't they have jerk chicken or curry chicken or chicken patties? After ordering our food I thought maybe it would come quicker since half the menu was out, but to my surprise it took 45 minutes for our food to arrive, maybe even longer. It's unacceptable and I will not be back and should have left when they said they didn't have curry chicken.We stopped in because it was close to our hotel. I am very glad we did. It was delicious. I had the St. Elizabeth chicken with Mac n cheese and cornbread. The chicken was beyond good. It was spicy, with a kick! The chicken was moist and smoke flavor throughout. Mac and cheese was perfect accompaniment, creamy and lots of cheese. Topped of the meal with a rum punch, which was perfect. The service was excellent, good recommendations and explanations of dishes. Thank you for a very very good meal. I wish I could get a bottle of your BBQ sauce!! 
I will be back!Came here after not eating all day from traveling with my bf. Walked in and there was only one customer there eating, kinda made me doubt the place but we were hungryyy. The host/waitresses were sooo sweet and not too invading. Ordered our food and it was delicious! I got the Portland(jerked chicken) with mashed potatoes and mac n cheese as my sides, my bf got the spicy chicken win cornbread and rice. Everything was great and I didn't have one complaint about the food. Pricing is average. Loved it!Guys. This is authentic Jamaican food. 
The place is simple but cozy. We ordered rum punch for drinks and they were terrific. 
Maypen, for appetizers we tried the coconut shrimp. Very good. 
Main, my wife ordered the Westmoreland, sautéed jerk shrimp. So so good. Very tasty. 
I got the Portland. Jerk chicken dark meat. 
The corn bread was delicious. 
The fried plantains were awesome. Overall amazing experience.I found this place for the first time on Postmates and got delivery, and I'm glad I did! I got the St. Thomas (curried shrimp and bell peppers) with rice and callaloo. Everything was great! Well prepared, perfectly spiced, and decent sized portions...not huge portions but not tiny. I'm glad I found this place, next time I'm dining in!I came here because Maïs Arepas had a long wait, but we were planning on checking this place out at some point during our trip anyway because my boyfriend really likes Jamaican food. Unfortunately, it was disappointing. The staff was friendly upon greeting us when we entered, and gave us some menus at the table we chose. After looking at the menus for a few minutes and deciding what we wanted, the waitress came over to tell us (totally unapologetically) that a whole list of items were not available because they were out. In fact, 3 of the 4 items we were going to order. When we did order, the wait time was reallllly long. About 45 minutes for our 2 chicken entrees. The restaurant was only half-full and I was watching as all the other tables that were there before us also very slowly got their entrees. I heard the table next to use mention the same thing about the wait (and the waitress came back to their table to tell them something they ordered was not available after placing the order). When we were done with our food, we had our cards ready to pay because we didn't want to wait any longer, but the waitress wasn't around so we had to flag down another waitress after about another 10 minutes. I write this review because this place has so much potential and I want to see it do well. Unfortunately, I will not be back.Having read the mixed Yelp reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect, but I felt that overall it was ok. We were seated immediately and I believe there was only one or two other tables with guests. I was most interested in ordering ox tails but again, saw mixed Yelp reviews so I was reluctant to order them. Fortunately, the waitress was nice and gave me a sample of the ox tails, which I liked and ordered. There were four of us and everyone ordered something different. The consensus was that the following items were good: corn bread, ox tails, goat, and plantains. The items that were NOT good were: callaloo, chicken patties, and beef patties. They must use some type of ground chicken and perhaps with curry that wasn't like normal patties which are usually much thicker with regular chicken. The beef patties were also much flatter than what they usually are. In terms of the prices - also higher than what's warranted given the portion sizes.
So...I think if you order the right items, come at the right time, and understand the portion sizes are not large - it's a decent experience.The prices are definitely in line with the higher rent the area is experiencing, but the restaurant hasn't quite caught up their atmosphere or food with the higher prices. Flavors were good, but not the best. We love Caribbean food in general, and I usually love the care shown to vegetables in Jamaican food - that seemed missing here for some reason. Funniest thing to me is the vegetarian section of the menu where they list the option of adding meat (for an upcharge) ... um ... "vegetarian" means... never mind. 
The atmosphere is like local bar that tried to turn into upscale restaurant and the every day patrons aren't sure why. The drinks are pricey, but have a good amount of alcohol. The waitress was very nice, which was a bonus. 
There's a karaoke night? What??? That was a surprise to us, but more so because no one wanted to participate; definitely seemed out of place. Granted, it wasn't bad - just slightly out of place.  
Overall, if I was in the area and craving Jamaican food - I still might not come back. Maybe for a drink.The food was amazing!! I started off with a beef patty as an appetizer. I ordered the ox tails as my entree and I had the rice and peas and corn bread as my sides. The food was hot and flavorful, I truly recommend anyone to visit this place for an amazing meal.I had been meaning to try this spot and I finally made it over there for dinner.
My date K and I ordered the oxtails and the jerk chicken with the following four sides: plantains, rice and peas, mac and cheese, and veggies. 
I loved, loved, loved the oxtails that came swimming in the sauce. I also enjoyed all of the sides (the veggies were probably the most boring but I anticipated that when ordering and was pretending to be healthy). The jerk chicken was less mind blowing. I actually found it a little bit dry.
I may be back for the oxtails.I found this little gem on Instagram. It was a little out of the way (I love that) with the most delicious food. Excellent good good service! Must try this unique restaurant!The food and the service was amazing. I love their local Urban South beers. I tried my boyfriend's coconut mojito and wanted to steal it it was so incredible!!! The dip we got was great, it was almost like a smokey fish stuffing. It was my first time here so I wanted to try the jerk chicken and WOW. The jerk sauce is great, like a jerk barbecue with the perfect amount of heat. My boyfriend's shrimp curry was mouth watering, I wanted to eat both of our meals without sharing. Our friend got the special stew and LOVED it. The service was perfect. My only complaint would be the DJ's music being a bit too loud for us to really talk, but it was a Saturday night so I get it.The food is decent, but honestly the portion sizes are not worth the price. Your dish, a simple brown stewed chicken or curry chicken, literally comes in a soup cup. You're paying upwards of $20 for decent Jamaican food that you can go uptown and pay $13 and get much more flavorful Jamaican food. That $13 will also get you double the portion size. I'm not sure if the location is what is driving the prices so high, or maybe the fact that they sell liquor, but it is really ridiculous. Simply put, 14 Parishes isn't for people who are familiar with Jamaican food. 14 Parishes seems to have been made to appease the upward trend of gentrification in New Orleans and the people who come with it.The curry chicken meal is severely lacking in the chicken dept. it appears to be one chicken leg cut into fifths. Inexcusable honestly considering they want $10 for this. Considering how close we are to the Caribbean it's upsetting how poor New Orleans ranks in this dept. still searching for a true authentic west Indian restaurant and the options are sparse. Being west Indian and coming from the east coast I can comfortably say that the options you folks have in this city are D grade at best.Came here two nights in a row. Food is FANTASTIC. You cannot go wrong with anything. It's a little pricey, but unique enough that it offsets. The service is terrible, though. We ordered 2 Michelob Ultras and a vodka soda lime. It took 4 minutes to get our bill, and 31 minutes to get our drinks. Would come again for dinner, but not on a busy weekend.I was so impressed with the food here. It was only my second time eating Jamaican food and I can't wait to go back. The Jerk Chicken, spicy pork and cornbread were my favorite! Don't miss out on this treat.the place was nice and clean. Art was cool, it had a nice vibe to the place. service was very good. the Jerk Chicken was on point and the Mac n Cheese was delicious! The corn bread was amazing!! I will definitely be going back to this placeDecided to try new places this visit to NOLA...So glad I did! This establishment is simply amazing! The food was delicious, had the jerk shrimp, plantains, Jamaican patties, wings, cabbage and rice and peas.  Everything was delicious! But what really makes this place is the people (owners and staff alike), they are warm and friendly and have great service! This is a true gem to add to your NOLA culinary experience.  Thank you for making my bday special. You will definitely be my 1st stop my next trip to NOLA!Really good food. Just wish they portions were a tad bit bigger. Atmosphere is pretty cool.This place is a hidden gem. The food is solid and the people are so nice. The spicy bbq sauce is probably best I've ever had, Texas included. The coconut shrimp is also tasty. It's simple, but the food is awesome.The food at 14 parishes is really good! Authentic Jamaican food that's beyond filling. The customer service there is A1 you can get great service from anyone including the chef! The rum punch is DANGEROUS (in a good way, of course) I had two glasses and before I knew it, t had gotten to me! The energy is very chill, and laid back. I would highly recommend! I love the jerked chicken with plantains Mack and cheese. There's a spicy chicken I forget the name of but it's awesome as well! Great place to visit if you're ever in the area!The three stars are for brunch, location, and ambiance. 14 Parishes is located near St. Charles and is in the Central Business District. The inside of the restaurant is very cute! There is a nice bar with attentive bartenders and a stage for events. I randomly went on a Thursday night, and it happened to be karaoke night. Very cute and very fun. 
The reason I gave the restaurant 3 stars instead of 5 is because the dinner options wasn't that authentic or that good. The brunch menu is short but full of everything I like! I got the jerk chicken and waffles. The jerk chicken was very flavorful! The waffle was standard. 
For dinner, I had the estovitch red snapper filet, red beans and rice, and cabbage. The red beans and rice just tasted different. It wasn't like any Jamaican red beans and rice I've had anywhere else. It wasn't flavored the same, and it wasn't that favorable. The rice also tasted like Spanish rice or something like that. The thick kinda rice, you know? The cabbage was too vinegar and also wasn't flavored in a traditional way. Didn't have the Caribbean flavor. It had too much juice and vinegary. The fish was too small but the best thing on the plate. It was a tab bit spicy, just like I like it! I also had the mini patties. It came with a sweet sticky sauce that was good, but I didn't need it. The patties we just ok. Wouldn't order it again. 
I believe this place is black owned? Support small minority businesses!I really enjoyed this the chicken was good the sides was excellent and the service was outstanding and I will be back to see the entertainment on Wednesday evenings.The food is good but the prices are ridiculous. The portion sizes are way to small for the price u pay. Customer service is not really there thing. The couple times I have been the food took 45min to an hr and no one will say anything. The price you pay for food is not fit for the amount of food u get. I ordered the salmon and it was the size of a tender strip. $22 for a piece of salmon the size of a chicken strip. Horrible customer services. They never have anything to say about the size. No more will I eat here...I had a birthday dinner here and we all had a good time. The music made it lively, our waitress was great and the food was delicious. My favorite items are the curry dishes, rum punch and jerk dishes.Food is very good but the portions are very small and they don't carry dessert. Atmosphere is nice better than your average Caribbean joint. Drinks are nice, relaxed atmosphere. Service is very very very very SLOOOOWWW!The food here is phenomenal and authentic. Like everyone else said I do think that the chicken portions are very small but it's $10. I think if they increase the price to 13 or 14 dollars and doubled up the chicken it would make everything all good. I definitely love the vibe of the place though they were out of red stripe in a Jamaican bar which kind of blew my mind. I felt bad for the wait staff because it seemed like they were out of a lot of things but I will definitely be coming back to this place because it has a ton of potential and I absolutely love Jamaica.This jamaican restaurant was close to where we were staying. Growing up with a mom from the carribean we had to check it out. The Jerk chicken wings appetizers were amazing. Just the right amount of spices.  My kids enjoyed the shrimp jerk and shrimp curry meals which they loved.Very clean new place. Very nice and polite staff. Server took her time explaining each dish.Fantastic meal! Wife got the jerked chicken with callalo and cabbage. The sauce with the chicken was amazing. Sweet with a delightful spiciness to it. The callalo was a little spicy and packed with delicious flavor. The cabbage was great as well but between the callalo and the cabbage, the callalo wins. I got the chicken in curry sauce with mixed veggies and corn bread. The curry has a lot of sauce, I regret not getting rice to help soak up some of it. The veggies were good and the cornbread was great. I think I'm going to add this to one of our NOLA favorites.What initially caught my attention about this establishment is that it's African American owned...so you already KNOW you're in for a delectable treat!
But this place surpassed my wildest expectations! It's not often that you can say that everything that you consumed was not only scrumptious but also very filling! Portion sizes are more than adequate. Check my profile for pictures of my entrees! 
Do yourself a favor and stop by! Excellent for small groups! I can't think of any cons at this time. I want to thank the manager for a pleasuarble experience!We came here last night about 45 minutes before closing. They were out of a lot of food and drinks already which was disappointing at first but we ended up loving what we got. They have a couple vegetarian entrees. I got the St Mary dish (steamed veggies in olive oil) and my boy friend got ox tail. We both had sides of rice and peas and plantain. I was surprised my veggie dish was so large. I couldn't finish all my food and that says a lot because I eat a lot. Yay for leftovers! The back ground music was great. We loved our food and went to bed with happy tummies.I have been trying to give 14 Parishes the benefit of the doubt, but I simply cannot. I first ate there for their first brunch in March as a party promoter was hosting an event. There was a limited menu, which was fine, because it was their inaugural brunch! I had the jerk chicken and waffles with bottomless mimosas. The service was very slow because the mimosas were not pre made, but made every time a patron wanted a refill, the waitress would go to the bar, wait for the bartender to finish tending to other patrons at the bar, get a new disposable champagne flute, and make the mimosa. After 90 minutes of this, the staff got hip to lining the flutes on the bar, pouring the champagne and OJ in the flutes, and letting the waitress take glasses and bring to the tables. 
After they've been open for a few months, the restaurant has stopped serving lunch, and just focuses on dinner from 5-10pm. I went yesterday and was highly disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the price point and food is always good, but its the service, professionalism and timeliness that just KILLS me! I waited over an hour to receive my food and I still don't understand why. 8 people from my party got their food before me, when I arrived before them and definitely ordered before them. 
My server was really nice and friendly, but she may have been a bit too much for diners coming from outside of the city. While we soak in Southern Hospitality here, my server was young and nice, but a bit unprofessional, which might put others off. 
There were 2 separate people in my party that ordered the spicy chicken, I think it's the St. Elizabeth. The first girl ordered it and she thought it was excessively hot after taking just one bite, and had to return it, and exchanged the meal for milder jerk chicken. Another lady in my party was also a fan of spicy foods, so she as well ordered the St. Elizabeth, a while after the first lady ordered hers, and deemed it too spicy to tolerate after one bite, so she asked for another meal as well. While our server did tell them the chicken and sauce was extremely spicy, I think it would have been best, to bring out a sample of the sauce to see if people can tolerate that amount of heat, if both people complained. Imo, it was quite wasteful to have the kitchen prepare 4 meals, and waste almost $30 of food. Hopefully, they implement that in the future, or adjust the recipe. 
** Mind you, I placed my order before these ladies, and their original meals, and replacement meals arrived before mine. 
Because the food is good, moving forward, I don't think this is the place for me to dine in at ever again. They do offer their food on various delivery platforms, but my best bet would be to call in 30+ minutes before and pick it up.Can't speak to the establishment, only the food.   However, I ate their jerk chicken with beans and rice from their pop up at French Quarter Fest.  Loved it so much, went back the next day to get more!  Great job on the food.  I look forward to visiting your restaurant soon and being as impressed as I was at FQF.This is the best Caribbean food I've had in New Orleans. The service is great and the restaurant has a few cool and island vibe.Visited here recently for a friend's birthday party. I loved the vibe as soon as I walked in..really nice wooden tables with a rustic type feel. The bartender was super friendly!! Good drink specials on mixed drinks and beer. I started with the jerk chicken quesadilla...oh my freakin goodness! Absolutely fantastic...I had sauce and gooiness running down my hands.  One of the specials was the curried goat...extremely tender and flavorful. I was a bit disappointed with the rice and peas...they were a bit dry. Plantains were pretty tasty. There was karaoke that night (Thursday) which was pretty fun as well. Sorry I don't have pics...lost my phone that night. :(
Will be visiting again for sure!The curry chicken was flavorful with perfect spice. The plantains were a great balance of Carmel exterior and firm interiorIt was just meh. The rice and oxtail was sweet like they put sugar. Ive never had oxtail taste sweet like that.This is usually one of my go to places,  but I was very disappointed in the food this time.  I ordered the Jerk shrimp to go.  I only received 7 shrimp,  and they were covered in way too much sauce.  Wish it would have been on the side like it is when dining in.  I'll stick with the chicken dishes in the future.2/21/18 
After a positive Uber Eats experience, we wanted to visit the brick and mortar - former 3 Ring Circus - location.  Despite the fact that it was Wednesday, not a full house and 3 servers working the front of house, we experienced a 30 minute wait for water and apps - never to arrive at the table.  Bring ample patience and be prepared for extremely slow service.At first I was pissed and was going to rate them a two star because they ran out of jerk chicken, mashed potatoes and rice and peas (the exact thing I wanted to order). I almost didn't order anything, but I decided to try the oxtails, cabbage and Jasmine rice. When I tell you that it was some of the best oxtails I ever had!!! I was thoroughly impressed. I will definitely be back to try the jerk chicken. Hopefully they will have itGreat food, presentation and prices!! I loved the ox tails dish, yum!! The waitress was friendly and I loved the chill atmosphere. They also accommodated my kids who mostly eat mac and cheese. Check it out!This is the second time I've tried this restaurant. The food was horrible I mainly ordered sides (Macncheese callalloo cornbread) nothing about the food was good and just when I thought the cornbread was acceptable there was mold on the bottom of the cornbread. The first time I came there was so much rice and peas on my plate with hardly any meat at all and the meat wasn't all that. There is no coco bread pattties no rum cakesOMG!! Why did we walk in here with 2 kids? 
It was a Saturday afternoon after we took the kids to the museum and we wanted jerk. The jerk chicken is sooo good and the spicy sauce on the side is so yummy. The mac & cheese with their house rum punch is awesome!! 
I would highly recommend you come out to this spot and hangout, eat, drink, play, listen to music and swerve!
The location is very close to to St. Charles by i-10. Parking is not the best because you have to park on street (eeek). Hang in there, after searching for parking, parking it, walking, and getting in...you will thank me!It was EXACTLY what I expected. We ordered the jerk chicken, jerk shrimp, cabbage, mac n cheese and corn bread. It was DELICIOUS! The chicken was super tender, juicy and flavorful. The shrimp OMG loooovvveeddd the spicy sauce it was cooked in! We also ordered the Sorrel drink, it was goot! Lol The mellow music and laid back atmosphere topped it all off. We will definitely be back.I got the shrimp and vegetables in the special curry sauce with beans and rice and sweet plantains as my side - it was so good!If you like Jamaican food and a little bit of spice. This place is the place for you. They don't hold back on servings and I still have not had any dissatisfaction with all their delicious foods. They have their own specialty hot sauce and every sauce and flavor they put in their food is top notch. Being inside the Pythian Market, which has a very nice atmosphere, I recommend this place. Even if you are in a rush and need a to go plate, come here to get you the Jamaican Fix.The oxtails were overcooked and chewy this is not a place where Jamaican food lives. The cabbage tasteless and raw the cornbread taste like jiffy mix. I was so disappointed.Wanted to try this restaurant because of the great reviews and I've been looking for a good Caribbean place to eat. It has a nice ambience inside and I guess it's karaoke night on thurs so that was cool. We ordered the oxtails with rice and peas and callaloo. Also got the jerk chicken with mac n cheese and mashed potatoes. The food looked really appealing when it came out. The Mac n cheese was super loose but it was well received by my guest. The jerk chicken was not good and the jerk sauce was sweet like bbq sauce. Terrible. The mashed potatoes tasted like it came out of a box. The rice and peas were good and the oxtails came with a good stew. They could have been more tender. The callaloo was good as well. Overall, I wasn't that impressed. Having lived on the east coast where the Caribbean food is a beast I guess I'm biased. As others have stated the portion sizes are small for the price. Most Caribbean food places charge these rates but u have food leftover. I won't be returning.Delicious food and beverages are true to the culture. You walk away with a full tummy for a great price. It's southern goodness with a little Jamaican flavor. Unfortunately, the menu is very small. You may wind up getting the same dish you order every time you come so don't expect much. You'd be fortunate if you came on a day where an event is about to start and there's a live dj. It's a chill environment downtown ducked off between commercial and residential buildings. Good luck with parking; depends on the day and time of day.This place is really really good! I have a gluten allergy and there was so much good food that I could eat. The fried plantains were SO good, and the coconut mojitos are very refreshing.Ok so when I went they didn't have anything that I wanted so I got the jerk shrimp, Mac & cheese, & peas & rice. I did t get sauce on the shrimp & I thought they had a wired after taste to them, the peas & rice was sooooo dry. I believe they cook in the morning & keep them warm in a pot all day, the Mac & cheese had no flavor & further in it tasted as if it was burnt at the bottom of the pot & the smoke flavored the rest. For almost 16$ I threw majority away. I def won't be going backPersonally, I found much to be desired. The taste/flavor of the Oxtail/Gravy is more sweet than savory. They were out of plantains, so I got cornbread instead. It had an underwhelming and bland taste. I also ordered a beef patty, when I first bit, into it I couldn't tell exactly what was wrong with it. I warmed it up later on and discovered it was just undercooked.Bottome line up front: the 20 minute wait was worth it.
Picture it: hot humid July in New Orleans during good ole Essence Fest (4th of July weekend). The festival allowed me the excuse of staying downtown at the Troubadour. This restaurant is one of the options in the Prytania Market next door to the hotel. After waiting 35 minutes in line to eat somewhere else, my sister and I were famished and only had three hours to eat, nap and get ready for the evening's festivities so we checked out the market. 
I had previously read some of the reviews on 14 Parishes and knew it would be a high probability that they would have my go-to West Indian dish: oxtail. I was pleasantly surprised to see caliloo on the menu too. I had the oxtail plate while my sister ordered curry chicken, cabbage and rice n peas. We both enjoyed our plates back in the room. 
Although the wait was long, the two women working the orders explained upfront the additional wait time. My oxtails were being cooked in the back somewhere so we waited at a table and used the free wifi (password posted on the wall). 
Pro Tip: try the ginger mango sunshine juice (thank me later)A good new place to chill, listen to some Jamaican music and eat some real authentic Caribbean food. My favorite things were the mini beef patties and the jerk wings. It's got a cool vibe and the people who work there were super nice and the price is just right. I definitely will be checking this place out again.So I love this place. I've been to both the regular restaurant but I visit the more often at Pythian market as of lately. My absolute favorite is the salmon and the cabbage although the jerk chicken, jerk shrimp, and patties are good as well. Honestly I haven't had anything that wasn't good. If you like spicy, ask them for the special sauce they keep in the fridge that they don't advertise, it's the best!