The hubby and I thought this place was great! We came for the lunch buffet two times while staying at the Hyatt. The lunch buffet was a great deal with a great selection and the food was very good. After leaving our room to checkout we decided to stop here and eat one more time before leaving NO, parked our luggage at the hostess station. Tried to checkout on my iphone and received an error so the hostess called the front desk for me so I could checkout by 12:00 p.m. I was really impressed!I always look forward to New Orleans but dining here reminded me of exactly why its one of my favorite places to visit. The food is A M A Z I N G! There is a lunch buffet that boasts all of the cajun favorites and although it was very tempting I decided to have the shrimp, andouille sausage and fried oyster poboy. Best decision of the day! The only downside to this is the fact that the restaurant is located inside of our hotel. I'm destined to be 10 lbs heavier before I depart. Two thumbs up!This place is located inside the Hyatt Regency Hotel. It has a great breakfast buffet that offers just about everything you would want and also the local foods. Like beignet, grits, etc, you can t go wrong to eat here. The cost is $21 dollars and tax for the buffet and coffee which is better than the 30 plus you pay in New York. If you want good value good food then this is the place to eat when you stay here.I went here for the Breakfast/Lunch buffet the past 2 weekends and have to say it was pretty good.  The buffet prices are $17 for Breakfast and $14 for Lunch, which is weird for me coming from Vegas.
The types of food offered and the quality is very high given the reasonable pricing.  8 Block wins hands down compared to what they offer at the buffet in the Crystal Room at Le Pavillon, the price is better and the food is better.
Some of the fancier/unique things offered at 8 Block:
- Lox & Bagels (all the trimmings)
- Cured meats & cheese (Prosciutto, Salami, sheep milk, gouda, bleu, trimmings)
- Omelette station
- Multiple fruit bowls (berries)
- A large variety of desserts
I think drinks (juice/soda) are included in the pricing, juice is for sure.  I honestly can't see them keeping the prices where they're at, unless the buffet is different on weekdays or take away some of the fancier things.
Highly recommended.  I'll be back for sure.Solid place for lunch while staying at the hotel.  Helpful staff. Ask for Hector!Bleh...what a disappointment!  I was expecting a lot more out of this place.
I went for the lunch buffet with 2 coworkers. Maybe we should have known something was up when we showed up and there were 4-5 people standing around bored and waiting to greet you. There was no lunch crowd at this place. It was not packed at all. Some of these greeters should have been in the back cooking instead! Then they proceed to seat us at the furthest table away from the buffet. By the way, there are stairs at this place mind you.. So you must be able to balance and carry strange "tray" plates as you go up and down the stairs to your table.
As for the food.... it seemed like it was basically good quality food. But, there was not a whole to choose from. There is a very limited selection of choices. There was a sign offering salmon with  a crawfish tail sauce, but the pan was empty. I asked someone if they would be bringing more soon. She said she would check. When she got back to me she told me that they would have some more out shortly. Well, after waiting 10 minutes, the cook puts out sausage instead. (!) He proceeds to leave the salmon sign up still. I asked him when the salmon would be up and he told me they were all out. (!) So much for waiting around wasting my time for that. (By the way, I don't like sausage...so couldn't eat that.) Since there wasn't much else to eat, I got myself a bowl of the strange looking light colored gumbo. I've never seen a gumbo that looked like white gravy before.. Even though it didn't look right, it tasted fine. One of my coworkers gave me a piece of her beef since I was not able to get any meat. We all agreed that the beef tasted good, but it was cold. Cold food..? O...K...
We felt bad for the people at the table next to us. They kept asking to speak to a manager because they had been waiting over 30 minutes for their meals that they ordered off the menu. For some reason, no one could get a manger to them and when she finally did arrive and they told her their story, all she offered was a free dessert. Kind of strange that it would take so long for their food to arrive when the place was empty.. (Like I said... send the greeters to the back to get cooking...geez...)
I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon. They have a lot they need to work out still. Also, drinks are not included with the buffet price. I figured as much... but just a warning to those that are used to drinks being included with your buffet meal.Tasty desserts, awesome buffet collection at $20. Love this resturant.Did the breakfast buffet.  A bit pricey, but for the selection it was ok.  The omelette were a tad small but tasty.  Good service, attentive.  They don't rush you.  Good bacon, but the turkey sausage left a lot to be desired.  Give me a dead pig any day!    Biscuits were good and I splurged and went for the chocolate bread pudding.  Didn't need the calories. But what the heck, you only live once.Excellent buffet for a great price. This is probably the lowest-priced hotel buffet in town at $15. It's huge. And the food was really good - 10 different hot dishes, salad bar, charcuterie tray, 1 million desserts. Very nice. And the bartender makes a great old-fashioned.A nice place to grab a glass of wine and relax after a hectic day. Joseph was friendly and attentive without being pushy and made some great recommendations.I met two friends here for lunch at 12:30 p.m. on a recent Friday afternoon. I had no trouble finding a parking spot at a meter.
When we arrived at the restaurant, there was no hostess at the front for a good 15 minutes, despite it being the peak lunch hour. Finally she appeared and we were seated.
I ordered the buffet and my two friends ordered off of the menu. It was taking so long for them to receive their watermelon salad, that they urged me not to wait for them and to go ahead and make my salad at the salad bar. By the time I got back from the salad bar, they had received their salads.
The buffet had an excellent array of items for the price of $13.95. The highlight of the salad bar for me was a delicious cold pasta salad that I could not get enough of. The hot bar had some nice gumbo, fish, stewed chicken, jambalaya and pizza, plus maybe a few other things. The dessert station was okay, the only item that was rave-worthy was the moist, tart lemon square.
Service was somewhat spotty. Our server disappeared halfway through our lunch and then someone else waited on us. 
Overall, the buffet was pretty high-quality for the price, and I enjoyed it. The atmosphere was swanky. Would go again!Was at a concert last night at Champion Square, and a few friends said they'd received a promotion about a special happy hour here after the concert. You received a special price by showing your concert ticket to the server. 
We walked the few blocks to the hotel and stood next to an unbussed table for a few minutes. We finally pushed the plates and trash to the side when we realized no one was coming by to clear it off. A waitress did come by and pick up some of the glasses, but she left the rest of the plates with food still clinging to them for us to look at for the rest of the visit. 
After an excruciatingly long wait, she came back and took our drink orders, only to inform us that they were no longer servicing the drink specials. We'd missed it, somehow, by walking three or four blocks directly after the concert ended. 
They had food, but nothing looked overly exciting, and since it was clear that we weren't even going to get bus service without explicitly saying "Hey, can you take these dirty plates from the previous diners away," we piled back out into the night and drove to the Quarter to see what we could drum up there.One person made this experience the most rewarding: Darnelle Saunders! She singlehandedly turned our frowns into smiles with her stellar service and attention. On the day we got here we made a reservation that happened to be later than their opening hours. She offered to whip us something up. But of course we couldn't make them do that. On the 2nd day, we made another reservation, but due to a miscommunication we ended up standing in line! When she found out, she decided to make our breakfast on the house!! 
For me, it wasn't about the freebie. It was the gesture, the attention we received! I will definitely be returning to this place, and recommend it to anyone!My friends came here a couple days before I did and highly recommended this place. She said their steak and seafood are all freshly made and delicious. I probably went on a day when everything went wrong in the kitchen. Everything was covered in salt.... a lot of salt. I did enjoy the sides but the steak and seafood that I was looking forward to were really bad.I went here for lunch with a couple of co-workers.  We opted to try things off the menu instead of the buffet, but the buffet looked very good for $14.  
I had the chicken gumbo and the prosciutto sandwich.  My friends had the crab soup and the roasted chicken sandwich.
They're still working out some of the kinks with there service I think as our service was kind of spotty.  A couple of servers kind of got catty with each other over who's table it was.  One of our friends joined later and he ended up getting his food first while ours was "taken by someone else".  And both times our tables received our soups we had to ask for spoons as spoons are not standard utensils on the table and apparently don't come out with the soup bowl/plate.
Other than that, the food quality was very good and once they work out the kinks with the service it should be a solid place to go for lunch.Buffet of ALL THE THINGS!  The whole buffet was amazing.  They will make any kind of omelette you'd like and had fun things like boudain, shrimp, and alligator sausage.  It gets packed and they didn't have enough staff, so that's why I can't give it 5 stars.  The cost was good considering the amount of offerings.  Having it at the hotel where we stayed was also nice as we came down and there it was!  I'd completely go back just for the buffet!Buffet had a nice spread but the service was ok. You have to wave someone down w/ a blue shirt to get drinks. I noticed a few of the customers and our group had to ask for drinks, this includes water. The buffet was clean and well maintained. The guys doing the omelet bar were very nice and funny. There was grits, beignets, a chauterie and cheese spread, omelet bar, bacon, eggs, sausage and a few more items for breakfast.Breakfast buffet was great. Hot food, fresh fruit, huge variety. Beautiful building and superService was outstanding!!!! Great experience.My first experience with 8 block is walking past the hostess station and asking if I could take a look at the buffet.  She said, "No."  I was a bit shocked, but I asked her to describe it to me.  It sounded like a salad bar.  Then I asked about the price and when I found out that it was $13 for salad and cold cuts, I actually laughed out loud.  I apologized and told the rude lady that I'd be eating elsewhere.
A week later, a nice hotel manager asked about our stay and she got the laundry list of problems that our group had been having.  She comped us breakfast at 8 block in an effort to make up for the atrocious service that we had been receiving in this hotel.
Breakfast was nice.  It has the same salad bar and cold cut bar from lunch and dinner.  You can get eggs to order.  I enjoyed a bacon, mushroom and mozzarella omelet.  I asked if they had any fresh dill to throw in there, but they didn't.  It was good.  I complemented my omelet with some delicious grits with bacon bits and parmesan, and tried my first beignet.  Not impressed with frenchie pastries...
I almost went back for another bowl of grits, though.  They were tasty.Excellent food and service! The custom made omelette station has tons of choices. You can't go wrong with andouille sausage, crawfish and shrimp. Very tasty!A little bar inside of the hotel where I ended up meeting with people a few times.  Despite the number of times I ended up in the bar I never once had food or beverages.  It ended up serving as a rendezvous point for people in the conference and we would then go elsewhere.  Oh well... perhaps next time!8 Block is more of a buffet than a restaurant, so you should go in expecting a lot of so-so food rather than a few tailored options. I like the fact that they have creole-style cuisine (jambalaya, shrimp, etc.), but the food is nothing to write home about. 
Service is really friendly though, so I got to give them that.Great buffet for breakfast or lunch.  I love the option to have steak or seafood custom made.  Gulf shrimp was my fave!Just got home 10 mins ago. This was the worst experience we've had in New Orleans - hands down. They couldn't seem to be bothered to take our drink orders, the drinks were bad and overpriced $14 each, and the food was a joke. The specialty cocktail was served on the rocks with a layer of syrup on the bottom, totally un-mixed. The cheese plate had cheap cheeses, stale bread, square packaged strawberry jelly, and mushy old nuts.  Multiple people around us ordered the $12/glass pinot noir that came to the table looking like rose and they all returned it, as it was obviously watered down. I just don't know what to say - it was more than embarrassing. The waitstaff was indifferent and shortchanged us on our return change. This restaurant/bar does a disservice to the musicians performing there, who were a lot of fun. I won't be surprised if I end up with diarrhea tonight.The food here was pretty good, but the service here was literally nonexistent. My friend and I went to the breakfast buffet during the Essence Festival. We sat at our table for nearly an hour and a half, and no one ever came to serve us. I had to hunt down someone to get a glass of water. Servers were taking care of the tables all around us, but no one ever came to talk to us. I have never been treated like this at a restaurant, and I hope to never experience this again. I will not be returning to
8 Block because of this.First door hostess Briana needs to go to charm school. Perhaps her lack of ability to smile and great guest is just sad. Manager Tersa walked around the 50 minutes we were there on her phone and only smiled at at a employee who was a guest and a small baby. No customer service skills at all. Dirty dishes. Food was standard. Our server Kayla was the only positive light in our experience.  Tersa and Briana if you hate your job so much go find something that you like so your guest can feel welcome and have a good experience. I expect more from HyattA party of 6 of us went for the chocolate buffet on Saturdays from 9 to midnight. 
Dont be fooled my anything you find on google because they have downsized quite a bit. Its now $9.95/pp
There is about 12 different options, all richer than the next. We all made a plate of personal selections and we all felt sick afterwards. Only because of the richness. Beware!
The drink menu was disappointing. They were out of the top three options of champagne. They were asking $50  for a bottle that cost $5 in the store. 
There was one server for the entire restaurant. We waited and waited for our drinks the first round, second round and the check. 
The live music was so-so. They kept taking breaks and ended up leaving early. 
Sorry but we all agreed to not do that again.I'm really particular about my my cocktails, so a well crafted cocktail is very important in my line of work... Okay maybe not my line of work but in my life. I was waiting to have dinner in the Hyatt and decided to visit 8 Block for a cocktail with a friend. I wanted to try one of their specialty cocktails, but they were out of the original ingredient and that particular ingredient was extremely high up on their fancy shelves and they seem not particularly too thrilled with the possibility of having to get that missing ingredient down. So to cut down on the headache I decided to ask for something with Champagne and St Germain.. Normally, I like to leave it open to the bartenders creativity, but he decided to just do Champagne and St Germain. It was delicious just the right parts of each but definitely not as creative as I expected.  My friend I was there with wanted a specific cocktail, that they never heard of and which they told him that must be a specialty somewhere specific. They pretty much just would not agree with him on this. He actually called the bar where he received the original cocktail and was told what exactly it was and this was a pretty well known cocktail. 
Maybe, it was just a off night for them, but just not too impressed by the creativity of the bartenders at those prices. Overall, the product was good, but the service wasn't my favorite.I went there for the breakfast buffet. My omelette  was excellent, but there were a bunch of empty/old items at the buffet. With as many items as they are serving, I know it can get overlooked but that was ridiculous. My waiter was very slow and inattentive. I had a better experience eating local as you would imagine.Came here for the lunch buffet this Friday. It came out to be $15 with the government employee discount. It was a good deal. The buffet was totally worth it. They even have a section that'll cook you a hanger steak to order. They have a good selection of food items and it was good quality. Even the dessert was good.
I would come back here every Friday for lunch.Eeeek. 30 dollars for a very below- average buffet style breakfast. They have bread, cereal, cheese, some warm items , and a omelette bar. I got a egg white omelette which was OK. And some assorted meats and fruit. It was decent, and I would've gladly paid about 7.99. However , for 22.95 and having to tip, I highly recommend finding somewhere outside of the hotel .
** the bottomless mimosas however were only 15.00 dollars and looked amazing. So I highly recommend those .Buffet style hotel breakfast - it was quite good - I really enjoyed the Biscuits and Gravy!    Nice atmosphere and attentive staff.  I would definitely go back!Came here to hit the buffet on a Friday, and we hit it hard.  They have a decent salad bar, a hummus bar, a sandwich bar, a pizza bar, and hot dish bar, and a cook to order bar.  Oh! And a dessert bar!  I utilized all of them except the cook to order bar.  Everything was pretty damn good for a buffet.  And there was no judgement by anyone, even 4 plates in.  Everything I had was pretty good, and I had too many different items to list them all.  I want to go back pretty badly, but I know I won't be able to control myself.Friends don't let friends eat breakfast at 8 Block!  Highly expensive and virtually inedible. Walk the 2 blocks to Willa Jean's for a much better meal.Pretty good if you're on the go and need something readily prepared. They have a lunch buffet that is better than your average buffet. No wait necessary. Fresh soups. The tomato basil was so great i could taste how fresh the tomatoes and basil were. The gumbo or red beans and rice wasn't too shabby either.I had the breakfast buffet on Weekday morning.   The food was good, not excellent but good.  The service was very bad. It was difficult to get my check and the waiter was confrontational about me paying for my friend's coffee.  
It was disappointing.Really lovely breakfast buffet with fresh fruits, yogurts, cheeses and meats, steel cut -oatmeal and a great selection of baked goods and bread puddings. Includes coffee and juice. For a few more dollars, you can have an omelette made to order, plus cooked meats and fried potatoes. Pretty good for a hotel restaurant!  It would have been a 5 star rating had our server not disappeared requiring us to find someone who could bring us our check.30 Sec Review:
It may be a pain to go out for food if you're staying at the Hyatt... but do it. Or do a Door Dash, because if you order room service from here, it's going to be a sad experience. I have not dined in yet.
Pros:
It's in the hotel, so it wins on proximity.
Cons:
Everything else.
Short and sweet:
Ordered a $12 gumbo delivered to our room and I have to say, when it arrived I was wondering if it was a joke. It was about the size of a cup of microwavable soup and though the liquid has gumbo flavor, it did not have much of the gumbo fixings. Such as sausage, rice, or meat.
I would've been better off with a cup o noodles and some frozen veggies mixed in. But the food was edible, it was just sad to think it was "restaurant" prepared.I ordered a burger well done with cheddar cheese lettuce and tomato.  I specifically asked for no salt on the sweet potato fries.  Instead I get a burger with potato chips on it and sweet potato fries with salt.  I went back to the restaurant to get my order corrected, they took the chips off put the burger back on the grill to basically re heat it so now its charcoaled, my fries were cold and loaded with salt.  If I wasn't so hungry and tired at that point I would of returned it and got my money back.  Never again.  And another thing, I don't need the staff to tell me to sit down, I'm not a dog, if I want to stand up and have my beer then let me.Geeze Hyatt WTF. Dinner buffet was horrible. Only thing I somewhat enjoyed was the salad bar and seafood gumbo. Even then the shrimp was overcooked and just mush. Along with the shrimp and okra, pork stew, veggie pasta.... no.. even desserts tasted cheap. I say no. Just don't go lolI brought my Nursing students to brunch  . We asked to sit together and was placed in the beautiful private dining room facing the foods . Everything was delicious. . Crab soup, bar BBQ beef , home made pizza , salads, grilled vegetable and dessert bar. . Tiffany was our sever and even with a group of 10 no needs were unmet. All this was under $20 including drinks. No where is this possible in Nola ! Hyatt 8 block is the best .Currently staying here as guest and ordered room service for breakfast. The hashbrowns should be called hash "bricks" since they are raw. The eggs are super dry. The food was cold and no utensils to eat it with. Breakfast here is way too expensive for you not to enjoy it. Will not be ordering again!!!Racist! Racist! Racist! I've been here two times. There is a caucasian female hostess who will seat  patrons before african american customers, even though the african american customers are clearly standing in front of caucasian customers in line. Then when she finally seats african american customers, she doesnt make eye contact, doesnt welcome you with warm smile or banter.  When I was leaving today, she was standing by the entry door, she looked  me and turned her head away....When I had passed her by 10 feet, she yells out, "Have a nice day"...She just couldnt do it when I was in front of her and she could look me in the eye. She is clearly racist. Ive also had the misfortune to come across a waiter named Mohamed. He is confrontational and seems to be bothered by you just asking questions. Its the last time I will be attending this restaurant when in New Orleans . This place is located in the Hyatt Hotel. I am a Hyatt Rewards member and write a letter to Hyatt about this place.I'm going to get to the point. This is by far the worst breakfast buffet at a high end hotel I've ever had. It's not a bad breakfast, it's just not worth the price. For the price it should be better. The waffles we're horrible. It's quite disappointing. The highlight is their omlettes.We stayed at this hotel for our trip to NOLA.  This restaurant was reasonably priced (less that $20 for a full lunch buffet), and the food was decent.  Much better than ordering room service which is completely overpriced.8 block is an interesting place. It's a breakfast and lunch restaurant, but on weekend nights it becomes a jazz club with a chocolate bar. 
This is a review of the jazz show. Before you ask, I have no idea what a chocolate bar is. I decided to drink beer instead of chocolate so you'll have to use your imagination.
The stage is located towards the front of the restaurant area. It is raised fairly high, but there is a large wall in between the stage and the tables. That wall seriously obstructs your view of the stage. Sure you can see the singer, but it feels awkward. If the wall were removed it would feel a lot more intimate. As is, the performers seem almost disconnected from the audience. 
Anais St. John was the artist performing and she was incredible. Her voice was soulful and powerful and she did amazing renditions of many Nola classics. She also did a good job connecting with the crowd despite the odd stage wall setup. At one point in the set she took her microphone and roamed through the crowd stopping at each table. If you're a guy, she will likely stop and sing to you which reminded me of the old jazz clubs you see in movies. It was really a great show. 
Service was very poor. Despite many of the tables having guests, there were very few servers. Ordering and receiving a beer took upwards of 15-20 minutes. Getting the bill took the same amount of time. 
In summary, the venue was funky, service was poor, but that show was excellent. If you're staying at the Hyatt or just want to see a great show, I encourage you to check out 8 Block on Saturday nights.I like this joint!!! 
DISCLAIMER - I've only patronized 8 Block during some conferences that I've attended at the Hyatt so that just so happens to be my only reference point(s).
It's fun, the servers are sweet, super efficient and cool. (Works for me). In those times of said conferences, the place becomes a hustling, bustling cornucopia of old farts such as myself, hotel occupants and convention goers alike. 
As for the food, I've only had the "appetizer" type stuff that comes along with vendor provided "social hour" invites, but what of that I have had, was pretty FUC'n awesome!!! Shrimp and crawfish are gnarly good, sausage, boudain balls, fried chicken, meats, cheeses, etc... All good!!!
Wouldn't necessarily make a special trip to patronize, but if the company wants to send me again, I definitely won't hesitate to stop in for a while!!!MILES OF MEDIOCRE FOOD
At first the breakfast buffet looks substantial with serving tables that seem to ride off into the sunset. But once you walk the aisles there are very few surprises. A pastry area, charcuterie section, grits, fruit, yogurt, ready to order omelets...yawn.
RUBBERY...
It's a mistake to put stacks of French toast, pancakes or waffles in steam trays.
Any toastiness or crisp edges are reduced to a spongey puck that can't be cut with the edge of a fork. And, like most of the offerings here, they have little flavor.
AND ALL OF THIS CAN BE YOURS FOR JUST $30!
An outrageous price that's just as outrageous even with the 15% Yelp discount.A bargain for a BIG lunch. Really substantial buffet featuring salads, a sandwich making table, loads of grilled veggies, pizza, steam table of entrees, two soups, fresh breads, and desserts. You CAN actually eat a healthy meal in NOLA! For $15.95 including coffee! (If you claim to be a local you get 15% discount). Free valet parking. 
They definitely need to upgrade the music though. Boring, soulless soundtrack.We ate breakfast there 2 times and it was bad both times. The first time we had the "cheap" buffet and there really wasn't much I would call "breakfast". Grits & oatmeal weren't bad. 
The second time I really wanted waffles. That part of the buffet cost extra. Their waffles were almost literally inedible (I was sawing away on them with a knife -- ick). I wanted waffles, not door stops. So I went back and had pancakes. Again, not tasty and fluffy but very tough. 
The problem, of course, was that the food was hours old. Grits can be hours old and still be OK. But waffles and pancakes are disgusting if they're just left in a warmer. I think it was something like $22 a person for crap that had been sitting around. 
This is unacceptable. This is part of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in New Orleans and they need to fix this right away.Received a waiver for a complimentary breakfast while staying at the Hyatt Regency. As far as hotel breakfasts go, was very impressed. 
There was a made-to-order omelette bar with a more eclectic array of toppings than what you might normally find, which included goat cheese (in addition to cheddar or other omelette classics) and shrimp and crawfish, which was a nice nod to the NOLA cuisine. In addition to the omelette bar, there was an extensive buffet station, that had multiple tables, including one for pastries, yogurt and fruit, one for charcuterie, one for hot oatmeal and grits (with all the toppings) and then one for bread pudding, both chocolate and vanilla. Next to the omelette bar they had an array of pre-cooked hot foods, including breakfast potatoes, bacon and sausage, waffles, pancakes, french toast, and of course, biscuits with gravy. 
Are there better breakfast options literally all around the hotel in downtown New Orleans? Of course. But for a hotel breakfast, I was very impressed by the quality and array of food that was offered. I also received exceptional service, with a waiter constantly offering more coffee or juice, and many other waiters checking in to confirm that I had found all that I wanted and needed.I've only been for the lunchtime buffet, but I think it's well worth the price. Each time, I go with a party of 10 people on a week day as the lunch buffet is open M-F 11a-2:20p. The cost is great for the food + dessert + drink (non-alcoholic - the arnold-palmer is the best!) at $12.95. It's also never all that busy, so we have gotten good service. 
They usually have a nice salad bar, a bread bar with sides + finger sandwiches, a few main dishes (like 3 or 4 such as pizza, ribs, chicken, steak, or gumbo), a few sides (like veggies or potatoes), some sort of bread pudding, and a nice array of small/fancy desserts. I have to be honest, the desserts are my favorite part and I usually leave lunch with a food coma. 
The Hyatt is a gorgeous hotel and it's a bit fun to play tourist and walk all around since I wouldn't normally be able to afford to stay there. A nice bonus is that you can eat lunch and then enjoy the view from the top floor. I'm not sure if you're supposed to go up there unless you're a guest, but we've never had a problem. The view of the city is fantastic and it's a nice place to chat. The area is probably a nice place to hold lunch meetings I imagine. 
All in all, I would recommend here if you're looking for a new place to try for lunch one day if you're feeling hungry/undecided about what you want to eat. I don't feel a real urge to have to repeatedly go back here, my friends and I just do so out of 1) convenience to where we work and 2) we are really hungry and cheap - so buffets are a great way to satisfy those problems.