The food is awesome! Staff friendly. Spanish coffee, shrimp and crawfish nachos, fried tomatoes po'boy and chicken burger were the bomb!!Decent food, great bar. Service was slow, but we had a table at the window and there's always good people watching on Royal.Enjoyed the roast beef po boy with potato salad and bread pudding.  Had excellent service.  Would definitely recommend.English is my secondlanguage so forgive me typos and style. 
Compare to other New Orleans restaurants this place is Ok however,  compare to Chicago food joints overpriced and bland food. Waitress didn't know what is IPA.  $15 for sandwich it's way too much.  
Also the tip was added for party of two bill without letting us know about it.  I hate such tricks.First time at this place and my experience was not impressive.  I ordered a basic po'boy sandwich and it was horrible.  The bread was hard, and the sauce was missing.  Its not worth the price they are asking for.  There's plenty of good places to go in the area.  I think they just assume that all people coming in are too drunk to tell if its good or not.The service was fast and attentive while also welcoming. I had the shrimp po boy and the sample plate so i tried a little of everything and from now on this is going to be a go to place when in NOLA. Also always order the bread pudding. It is always a good ideaWe came here once before living in New Orleans because we were passing by and hungry for something quick. Service was great and now we go back every so often because I am always craving the seafood nachos! Their seafood nachos are seriously the best I've ever had! Also, the bread pudding is to die for. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're wanting some delicious Louisiana seafood, but don't want to break the bank! The waiters/waitresses are always super nice too.Bread pudding=fantastic.
Sampler= food for 2. Solid and great value if shared. 
Cocktails are good but on the pricey side ($12). Staff friendly and helpful.
The atmosphere is nothing special but certainly isn't a negative.Do not get excited and think that this is a four-star establishment. Either all the other patrons were drunk or they were not served the same food I was. 
At the recommendation of the other yelpers we had the seafood nachos and the Cajun sampler. The crawfish and shrimp on the nachos were chewy and rubbery and the chips themselves were greasy and limp. 
The gumbo had a almost white roux and tasted odd the red beans and rice were not seasoned nor was the crawfish étouffée. The bread pudding was just barely tolerable. We sat in the small room in the back it was hot humid and uncomfortable. It was not a good experience.My first po'boy experience, and a good introduction to this aspect of local cuisine.
I can't say that the meal was a religious experience, but I enjoyed the bold flavors. Service was prompt and friendly and they kept our water topped up.Andrew the bartender was so great to our group last night! He was friendly, attentive, funny and generous! Thanks for helping us celebrate and reppin NOLA so well!The seafood po-boy was the best I had in New Orleans it was light and the fried green tomatoes added the perfect finish to the pallet. literally mind blowing!  My boyfriend had the Roast Beef Po-boy and it was amazing!!! It was heavy so be prepared it actually has fries inside!
P.S. trust the bartenders on beer! They made a mix for me and it was exactly what I asked for! tart/dry and complex. But there craft beer selection on its own is good even without the creativity added :PWe had the best experience here! We walked in and were immediately greeted with warmth and smiles from the ENTIRE wait staff which was nice. We had been day drinking so we really needed some food and water which was brought out so promptly. The waiter was so friendly, I wanna say his name was Sam?, he was the absolute best he had us happy and laughing the entire time we were in there. We got several different dishes for the table and just split them to try different things but their shrimp po boy was delicious!Roaming the streets of NOLA, came upon this place on a late Sunday night. Wasn't busy and the music was just to my liking. Had a couple of  drinks with my husband, bartender was polite. Nothing too crazy about this place at this time. Good drinks ad convenient.The seafood nachos are outstanding. Our hotel is right down the street making this one of our favorite places to pop in to. And if you're not in the mood for dine in, call in an order for carryout. They take extra care when packing to-go orders, making sure everything is separate to ensure freshness. Great atmosphere, perfect location, excellent service.This is the only place in NOLA that we came to twice. The bartender was super sweet and friendly (we got her twice fortunately!) and the seafood nachos... wow. Those are a must try. Overall just a great atmosphere with a friendly staff and delicious food!The food here is still great, nothing new here. YD ordered her seafood nachos again, and the rosemary shrimp po'boy is woodsy and wonderful.
What earned 801 Royal an update was our server. His name, a month out now, escapes me and I wanna apologize to him right now for that (Patrick, maybe?), because he pretty much turned that meal into a party. Part of it is that he's unabashedly gay, and two of our party was a gay couple, so the banter that went back and forth between these guys was hilarious. But that's only part of it. He's one of those servers who just knows how to read his customers and provide them with exactly what they're looking for. And if the amount of alcohol flowing that night boosted the tips we left him, we had no regrets because we had a fantastic time!Both of our meals were absolutely awesome. The blackened chicken and by po boy sandwich with French  fries beef cheese and a roll filled with a wonderful juice.    The best.Before we went to New Orleans we had asked our friends for a list of must-do restaurants,  801 Royal was not on there but it will be on our list to recommend to others. We stumbled across 801 Royal by chance after taking in the exhibits at The Presbytere in Jackson Square. Don't let the sports bar atmosphere fool you, this place is legit when it comes to Cajun/Creole food. 
Our party ordered 4 dishes, catfish, chicken, the Royal Po-boy, and the Cajun Sampler. We all really enjoyed our food. My girlfriend and I split the po-boy and the Sampler. The po-boy was stuffed with fresh shrimp and fried green tomatoes. The sandwich was huge we easily had leftovers. The Sampler was another home run although the gumbo was a bit weak on flavor. The etoufee was full of crawfish and flavor. The sausage patty and crawfish fritters were a pleasant surprise. We once again had plenty for leftovers. The atmosphere was a bit loud but it looks like it would be a great place to have a few drinks and great food away from the hustle of Bourbon Street.Took 2 hours to get our food. A table that arrived 45 minutes after we did got our good before us. The server kept giving excuses about the size of other tables and then a cook mysteriously quit. I would NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone. Terrible service..so bad in fact it cannot be called service. I could have cooked it faster myself.Not the greatest meal we had in NOLA.  Our waiter was very friendly and attentive.   I was very surprised to find a piece of Chihuly over the bar.  Food was a bit overpriced for what you got and the nachos had a ton of cheese on them which almost made it difficult to eat.The only reason I rate this place 5 stars is because I've craved fried green tomatoes ever since I watched the movie Fried Green Tomatoes!!  and they were everything id imagine! Oh yea, Cajun samples is awesome tooSaturday night dinner
Super sweet waitress
Fun atmosphere - like Bourbon on Royal
Margarita: 80% sour mix, no noticeable liquor
Chicken gumbo: some flavor, mediocre
Seafood nachos: big plate of nachos (likely out of a bag) drowned to the point of being soggy in a liquid cheese sauce, w some jalapeños and tomatoes on the side, covered in a lot of small flavorful shrimp. The shrimp were good, but the rest was soggy grossness
Yelp failed me w this 4 star ratingWent here this past weekend with friends visiting from out-of-town. So glad we did! Don't leave without trying the seafood nachos and oyster shooters. Nice, simple menu with lots of flavor. Great atmosphere, too!Busy at 2:30 but sat immediately.  Red beans and rice was great! Local beer on tap tasted great. Server attentive but not in the way. Great place.Delicious Sunday brunch...with bottomless mimosas to boot! The staff was the best we encountered during our entire trip!!!Stopped here for a quick beer. The bartenders were great and let you sample then first. Also let us the the Bloody Mary mix and it was awesome. Cute little bar.Came in because they're one of the few places open after ten pm. We were pleasantly surprised by the food. Their chips and salsa was great, the chips seem homemade. I got the French fry po boy, very good. My friend loved her muffuletta. Would definitely go backHeard great things but service was so so and the kitchen screwed up two orders (shrimp nachos and a burger). This would have still resulted a good review but the kitchen returned a burnt burger and slightly burnt shrimp nachos now drenched in cheese sauce!
Needless to say the experience was less than desirable.Came in looking for a late night fix.  I grabbed a gumbo but I wasn't impressed.  It was a bit bland and thicker than other gumbos I've had this week.  
My husband grabbed the royal poboy with fried green tomatoes.  It was pretty much the fried green tomato appetizer on a bread.  The green tomato and shrimp was good but there was a bit too much bread.  
Friends got hit pretty hard with their special drink which is an AMF topped with moonshine.First the staff...  Aubrey, Missy - could not have been more welcoming after our poor experience at another establishment. Great food and atmosphere. In came a huge party of Irish gentleman from the Downtown Irish assn in NOLA getting ahead of the game for St Patty's.  Many specialty drinks topped with moonshine! 
WISH AUBREY HAPPY BIRTHDAY on March 5th!This place from start to finish was a complete masterpiece. The food is unreal. We had the blackened chicken pasta and the french fry po boy and finished off with the bread pudding. Everything they brought out was unbelievably tasty and the service was so warm and welcoming. I really appreciate experiences like this and will definitely be back on my next vacation!Stopped in for drinks and the atmosphere was very cozy and laid back. I had the roast beef fries w/gravy and they were definitely on point with the flavor and texture. I would love to come back and try other menu options.This was my first meal in New Orleans after driving all the way from Chicago. I had the deep fried platter which included stuff oysters, crawfish, catfish and shrimp. 
 Everything was solid but nothing screamed out, "WELCOME TO NOLA". 
Still in search for outstanding, jaw-dropping food.Seafood nachos were great, poboys and gumbo were pretty good. Go there and ask for Patrick, he is the bomb.My husband and I discovered this place on our third trip to NOLA! The food, atmosphere and staff were superb! I had the French Fry Poboy; my husband had the pork chop & red beans special - both excellent choices!!We stopped in here this evening with a fellow Yelper for a nightcap. It was conveniently thirsty Thursday and house wines were only $5. Our table enjoyed a round of drinks and had fun catching up. 
Our waitress kept calling the women 'baby girl' and 'sweetheart' -- which I hated. She wasn't overly attentive, but we had everything that we needed. 
All in all, this was a great place (and super affordable) to stop in for a drink. It was filled but not crowded.We dropped by for an early lunch here and came away truly impressed. The fried green tomatoes appetizer topped with shrimp was tasty! I got the red beans and rice with andouille sausage and oh boy it was so flavorful even tho on the runny side. The crawfish etouffee was decent and the Abita was cold here. Cool atmosphere and good service!Highly recommended. Family owned business. Great food! Very clean. Nice casual ambience. Good music; not too loud. Multiple televisions playing sports. The bartender (Andrew) is amazing; very attentive, social, serves a fresh cold glass per round, buybacks... everything you expect to get from a good bartender. We had such a great experience, we went twice in 1 day. They serve breakfast and unlimited mimosas from 9-12pm on Saturday and Sundays.Pretty good!
Lunch with nice service.
Hurricanes were expensive, but good.
Gumbo was great!
Rosemary shrimp was good!
Just all around pretty good.I can't comment on the food here other than the french fries (I know... lame right?) however we stopped in to grab a drink and to get away from the heat one night and chose this place to stop in at. Super friendly waitress came over and recommended the lightning drink? I'm not sure what was in it but it was ridiculously delicious and equally as strong. Bf and I both drank one and were feeling pretttty dang good. We ordered the fries just to munch on, which were really really good too. I wish we would've come back here for food! Next time.801 Royal was fabulous! The food was great. The service was outstanding. 
Will eat here every time in NOLA!!Delicious food and very friendly staff! Loved the sausage sampler. I will definitely return when going back to New Orleans.Great muffuletta. The olive mix was superb! The kids shared a fried oyster and fried shrimp platter. The seafood was seasoned perfectly and fried to a perfect golden brown. But the coup de gras, by far, was the seafood nachos!! They were amazeballs!!!This place is a solid 4 stars. Was not feeling that great since hurricane slurpees seemed like a good idea the night before so I was looking for something warm and heart.  I orederd the shrimp pasta and it was everything a southern pasta dish should be, which is rich buttery goodness. Would definitely go back.We didn't try the food but the drinks and atmosphere were divine. The Bloody Marys  are not to be out done any where around and I'm not a Bloody Mary fan. The bartender was amusing and asshole all  in one. (if you get the same guy bartender you have to ask for the blueberry, mint Tito drink ). He makes a hell of a lot better one than the female bartender that recommender it but with a lot less enthusiasm.A rare five star review. And it's all on the bartender Aubrey. This guy is talented and understands great "service" the food could have been a pile of nothing and I'd still be raving about this place. Now not saying the food wasn't great. It's exactly what you would expect from a joint like this. Quick easy tasty nice variety. And it was right next to our roomGreat place to grab a bite to eat or get a drink to go! Very friendly staff and the bartenders give you very strong pours!Ignore this review if you're looking to read more about 801's food. Read this review if you're looking to grab a drink to go during a busy time of year.
My friends and I were looking to have a drink on hand as we joined the masses for the Bowie second line this past week. The place was understandably busy, no surprise there. That said, when your bar is two or three deep, perhaps it's time to make 'dem drinks rather than hold court with your regulars going on about how drunk you got last night. We had to repeat our order of three simple drinks (2 vodka sodas, one Corona) three times. When trying to pay, we were given two different prices - get this, 26.50 first and then when we repeated the price in disbelief (come on, I know we're in the Quarter but are you kidding me?), realizing his mistake (?) he lowered the price to $25. Did we order doubles? Are Coronas now an expensive beer? We paid, tipped and got out of there. I've tended bar in packed places before so I get the whole being flustered thing, but this isn't acceptable. Weirdly enough, I didn't feel like it was *that* packed. A large group came and went with their go cups, which kind of emptied the place out. The bartender was just not fast enough. We were in there about 20 minutes total.
I was also barked at when I was waiting for the bathroom. A woman came by asking me if I was a customer and then demanded to know which table I was at. Realizing she sounded kind of harsh, she softened her tone when I pointed out my friends at the bar.
Won't be going back, even when it isn't crowded. There are plenty of French Quarter bars that handle their crowds well and treat you like a customer when you are one.Horrible service! First issue was with the mimosas. I noticed we didn't get cherries in them like every other person, so I asked for some and the server brings out a cup of cherries with an attitude. All I'm thinking to myself is consistency is key, jeez! Then One of my friends had a dirty champagne glass with someone else's lipstick on it, after about 15 minutes of waiting on our server to come to the table we informed him of the issue. He gets a clean glass and proceeds to pour the mimosa from the dirty glass into the clean one right in front of us! I pointed out to him how that was unacceptable and his response was "it's just a glass", ummm, what?? He then goes and makes her a new mimosa in a plastic cup, fine. We place our order and wait another 30 for the food because it's busy. Before we start eating we noticed someone of the utensils were dirty as well, gross. Then my order of shrimp and grits comes out with a long strand of black hair on it. When it comes time to pay we're informed the don't split checks but that they can divide it all up equally, ok cool. Three people payed with the exact amount for their portion and the remained of the bill was for my meal. We all double checked to make sure it would all balance out and I'd only be charged for my food, tax included yet somehow the guy overcharged my card by more than $1.00. Yeah, it's just a dollar but it's the principal of it all. At that point I was so over this place. I would have stayed to dispute this an manager but the place was so busy, and service was so slow I didn't want to make everyone else in my group suffer through it. Needless to say I'll never come back here again.Small place with typical local food like po boys or fried seafood/chicken.  We ordered the seafood nacho, it was huge in portion highly recommended, skip the catfish bites it was really fishy. Wait staff was friendly and on point. Not a place for dinner more just for drinks and finger food.Had the SEAFOOD NACHOS $14.95 (Homemade Tortilla Chips swimming in Shrimp, Crawfish and melted Cheese! Served with Sour Cream) and the CAJUN SAMPLER $19.95 (Start with a cup of gumbo! Then enjoy a serving of Crawfish Etoufee, Red Beans and Rice, and smoked alligator sausage). 
We came here for lunch on Easter Sunday right before the parade and its location was awesome. The food was plenty and delicious. Only downside was I wish there were more nachos! the cheesy sauce was delicious but it drowned many of our tortillas which turned it mushy. sadness.  The smoked alligator sausage was yummy - couldn't tell it was alligator though. The  red beans and rice was bland. Crawfish etouffee was pretty decent. I liked the gumbo a lot. had a lot of chicken and andouille sausage and great flavor. 
Overall an enjoyable meal. Got really crowded around noon and I felt a bit squeezed by the people passing to get to their table (sat at a high table by the bar area).Very laid back spot with great food and a great atmosphere.  Our bartender Storie, was very engaging and had great recommendations. The food is good, try the crawfish fritters, and reasonably priced. It's not a flashy spot but may have been my best meal in my 4 days in the French QuarterHeard a lot about this place and walked by it a number of times but never gave it much thought.  It has its fans. I really wanted to give it a 3.5, but erred on the side of its plusses.   First, it's very charming and totally not what I expected inside.   The servers were for the most part helpful, polite and quick (there was one that seemed to be more interested in gossip than work, but she wasn't waiting on us).  Despite numerous complaints I read from others, the prices are in fact about what you would expect to pay in the Quarter for similar fare.  On to the food, I had the seafood nachos. . . very good, very satisfying.   I was concerned they may have gone light on the cheese and seafood because the chips on the outside of the bowl were bare, but apparently it was buried deep inside as well.  Mix up the chips and you'll be happy.    Definitely worth ordering.  A friend had red beans and rice with friend chicken.  The beans fell short on this one.  Red beans are a New Orleans staple, and they aren't very difficult to make.  These were missing something.  Not bad, but bland. It was missing the other things locals generally used. . garlic, onion, bell pepper, celery. . . or at least not enough of them.  A sprinkle of red pepper flakes wouldn't hurt either to give them a little bite.   It was basically just cooked beans.  My friend added several generous shakes of Crystal hot sauce just to be able to give them some flavor.  The fried chicken was battered well, but also seemed to be missing something.  It's a great start, but if nothing else it needed a little salt in the batter.  Also, they used boneless chicken. . everyone knows bone in adds way more flavor.  A little messier, but better.  I hear they have a pretty good brunch and plan on going in to try that as well.  I'll update when I do.  Overall, its a good place to go for a quick light bite without running up too big a ticket or having to dress less casually.  I do recommend it; I just wouldn't make it a top contender.  If it improves let me know, and I'll come back and give it a try.All the great things others have said about the seafood nachos are true, they were SO GOOD. I don't know what kind of cheese they use, but it was delicious. I also had the royal poboy - a shrimp poboy with fried green tomatoes. This too was very tasty and I wish I had a bigger appetite to finish it all. It was quite large and a little difficult to get a full bite with all the fixins in it. Friends had ordered the étouffée and gumbo and they looked exactly the same. Maybe bc of the lighting? Anyways, the gumbo was just ok and unfortunately the étouffée had no flavor at all. Pass on those, but def get the nachos.Okay I can't get this restaurant out of my head... In a good way. Went on a family trip and one night we were all feeling like chilling on our own. Soo went for a walk and found this place right on the corner near bourbon street. Went inside and was made to feel very welcome. 
The menu was very affordable unlike some more touristy places on this trip. I loved the gumbo, and the shrimp po'boy was my favorite in all of New Orleans! I came back and dragged my whole family with me :)
Funny story was during the first visit, there happened to be a major storm when we sat. The power on the whole block went out. It got really dark and my son who was with me started to get scared :( the waiter brought out a flashlight and played with him and the live entertainment played mellow music until the power came back on. 
I have to say if your in the area, take a chance on something special. I promise you won't regret it!!I stopped by for a late lunch late in the afternoon. I ate at the bar and ordered their shrimp parm rosemarry poboy. It was fantastic! While the food was great the bartender was fabulous. She was very attentive and friendly. 
I must say that this was the best PoBoy of my trip. You can bet I will be back on my next trip to NOLA!Shrimp & grits were average. I've had better. Endless mimosa with brunch fare made up for it. Waiter helpful and friendly. Good corner place to drop into.We were in NOLA for a few days and this was the first dinner here. My wife, who is less adventurous than I, had the hamburger and she thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the crayfish Po boy. Over all, it was good, but was a little dry as it was served. I asked for some tartar sauce, which made the sandwich quite more flavorful and palatable, but not amazing. my friend had the original Po boy with fries in the middle and gravy on it. the gravy is very runny and goes to the bottom to make the bread soggy, which he enjoyed and there is a significant amount of shredded beef that had a nice roast taste.
Overall a good experience, but didn't blow us away. If I went back, I would get the original Po boy. 
The service was just okay and nothing to brag about.Went in to grab a quick drink and maybe a bite. Asked the bartender for a recommendation for their best IPA and he said he didn't have one, he'd suggest a Heineken. Worst customer service I've had down here. Won't go back.The food service is extremely slow and Royal Burger was average at best. The only reasons I didn't go lower is because the servers and bartenders are really nice and very hardworking. I'd go here for drinks but not food, if you are really hungry.What a great night. The staff (all moved from another restaurant with the same owner) are stunningly attentive and friendly. The food is much better than you would expect from a corner bar. The bar, by the way, was great. 
The signature drinks are a little spendy at $12 but they are actually quite good. The Louisiana Lightning is like a strong Long Island iced tea (think about that for a second). 
The roux for the gumbo and étouffée was impressively dark and not even slightly burnt. I wish I had that patience. Both were delightful and we literally cleaned our bowls with the bread. There is good reason for this to one of the highest rated stops in New Orleans. Trust me, it is worth the walk.
UPDATE: We came back to make we weren't just lucky on our first visit. This place is solid. The seafood nacho (I was really skeptical about this) was stunning. The house made cheese sauce (not your typical orange queso) was light in color and rich in flavor, a perfect accent for the shrimp. It was a delightful and unusual treat.Great cozy neighborhood bar. Very clean. Perfect for those who love being social,  but want to get away from the Bourbon Street scene.  Tried the French Fry po boy & crawfish friiters, both were excellent and exceed expectations. The PO boy has the perfect amount of shredded roast beef on it and the fritters are more crawfish than breading.Great place and AMAZING staff. The bartender Drew welcomed us in and by the time we left New Orleans they made us honorary locals. The food is wonderful and great local beers on tap. The bands play music with a local feel, no cover bands. Can not say enough about how great this place is.Good drinks and hot bartenders. Really good place for a quick drink. Highly recommended.Don't be fooled by this restaurant's yelp reviews!!! My husband and I drove all the way to New Orleans from Austin, TX for some good Cajun/Creole food and decided on this place based on the good yelp reviews. This was unfortunately a HUGE MISTAKE. We ordered the crawfish etouffee and the rosemary shrimp po boy. Both were completely flavorless. The etoufee was the worst etoufee I have ever had. It was 90% onions and celery in a tasteless, very watery broth. For amount of crawfish we got in the dish the price was absurd. The shimp po boy was just as bad and overpriced. The best thing in either dish were the fries that you can get ANYWHERE. WHAT A SAD WASTE OF MONEY AND A MEAL, ESPECIALLY WHEN IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE  FOR A FUN WEEKEND GETAWAY FOR CAJUN/CREOLE FOOD!Great seafood nachos!!!! Friendly staff. We went in at 11:58 pm and they told us the kitchen closed at midnight. Usually restaurants get very angry with ordering like that but they were happy to make us some nachos. Went back 2 nights in a row!We stopped in here for dinner based on the reviews, but were not thrilled with the PO-boys we ordered.  We were starving when we walked in so anything should have tasted good, but our sandwiches didn't hit the NOLA taste we were looking for.We stopped in for a late dinner, and was pleasantly surprised to find a very accommodating menu for vegetarians--I ended up with a fried green tomato poboy, and it was delicious!We ate at 801 Royal our last night in New Orleans.  Boy, did we save the best for last.  We LOVED 801 Royal!  But most of all we LOVED Kelly and the crew.  BEST place we ate in New Orleans. The food was amazing!!  We had the bloody mary, crawfish nachos, gumbo, muffaletta, etoufee, red beans and rice, pasta and to-die-for bread pudding.  Everything was excellent (compared to a couple of the other places we tried - recommended by yelp, of course).  We also loved the private room off to the side because we had a larger party, and it was super convenient with its own TV.  It was close to the men's bathroom, but was not a problem at all for 6 girls....actually, it was easy access for us when there were no guys going in and out of it. We would definitely go there again, and recommend 801 to all our friends.  You won't be disappointed! :)Great customer service and the food is outstanding.  Blackened chicken pasta superb. Small seating area nice All members of our group loved the food.My boyfriend and I flew into NOLA late at night. After we checked into our hotel, we frantically Yelped a place that was still open because we were starving and wanted our first meal to be out instead of hotel food. None of the places we had looked up were open, so we had to find another place that still was. This one was it.
When we got here, we knew we would like it. It's not that big, but it has a great vibe about it.
We started off with two drinks, Swamp Dogtini and Louisiana Lightnin'. The Swamp Dogtini was... "interesting. It tastes just like it sounds. Salty, olivey, savory, etc. It was a unique tasting experience, but I probably will not order again. The Louisiana Lightnin' though... DELICIOUS!!! It's basically a blue long island, but better!
On our first visit, we ordered the 801 crab cakes: delicious. My boyfriend doesn't like mustard or mayo, but ended up loving the dipping sauce, which tells you how good the sauce is. We followed it with the Cajun Sampler. The crawfish ettouffee was delicious! The beans were underwhelming, on the bland side. Overall, a success.
We went back on NYE because we wanted more Lightnin's. This time the place was packed, so we didn't stay long, but we love the owner, she's a ball. If the bartender is Aubrey, make sure you get a drink from him. He's meticulous with his work, and you're guaranteed a good drink.
I've recommended this to other folks who also enjoyed visiting here. You should come try it out for yourself!Good place to stop for a quick bite. Has a local vibe to it, somewhat of a dive, but food lived up to the reviews we read prior to walking in. Had a shrimp PoBoy which was overall good, not great, but good enough for our first meal of the trip. Fried green tomatoes were one of the best things I've had in NOLA so far this week 5/5. Rating it a 3/5 based on the service taking to long, and overall atmosphere being a little underwhelming for a first time NOLA visitor. Server was helpful and nice, but definitely over seated and rushed. Too much time in between drinks, etc....and for being a place that we wanted to get in and out of, it just took a little too long. Probably not an issue generally... Just our experienceDecent bread pudding!!    I ate most of it before taking he photo.
Food looks decent, but just had dessert!  Interesting menu and a great location.We love this place!!! My husband and I spent a weekend in NOLA and this was one of my favorite spots. Right on Royal st (one block from Bourbon) which I fell in love with. Walking on Royal felt like walking on Rue Jacob in St Germaine (Paris). We came here for a drink and appetizer only. Best hurricane drink ever. I NEVER order Nachos but it was late and we wanted a quick snack. GET the seafood nachos. Trust me. You will never have nachos as good as these. Homemade tortilla chips, shrimp, crawfish, savory pico de gallo, and the warm delicious cheese. A must!!! Service was warm, friendly, excellent!! Oh those nachos!!Yelp users steered us right on this one.  I had the Cajun Sampler, which was all good, but the gumbo and étouffée were the best I've ever had. The fried oysters our son ordered were also perfect - flavorful, fresh, and breaded and fried by someone who knows what they were doing.  Fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp was delicious, and our younger son called the burger "too good". Great service as well. Highly recommended!i just spent a week in New Orleans and this was the best place I ate at. I'm still daydreaming about the gumbo and crawfish. I got the taste of new orleans platter, and my bf got the catfish basket. I also got some ridiculous drink with moonshine floated on top. The atmosphere was fun, our waitress was great, and we were seated within 5 minutes during lunch. I also appreciated the plating - it's hard to make 2 pile of shapeless goops not touch on a plate, but the tiny mountains of rice were super effective.This place was recommended to me by a local painter. We were greeted and sat very quickly. The staff was very friendly and the food was phenomenal. We got the shrimp Po boy and the seafood nachos. The po boy was probably the best I've ever had and the seafood nachos were equally as good. I wanted to just keep eating. The bar staff was very friendly to the other patrons and was having shots with a few of them. The atmosphere is awesome and it's right in the middle of everything. Definitely recommend this place if you're close.Nice restaurant. Laid back atmosphere.  Server was friendly.  Red beans and rice had great flavor.  Good quality and quantity of food for a reasonable price.Great Bloody Marys! The service was awesome.  And the food was right on par with what I wanted.  We went on a rainy, thundering day but they totally brightened our day.  Its just a small casuall and delicious experience!  Really just a cool place I'd like to be back at again.  I think I had a salad with shrimp and I can't tell you what the other half had because it was gone in a heart beat!  plates were cleaned.