You definitely should try this place. They are good people. They are brand new so there are some growing pains but I think it will turn into a 5 star place. Try the crab cheese rangoon. I am a snob about rangoon and found this one of the best I have had in the area.
Food is spicy even without the spice symbol so beware.Weird location, but the food is great! Service was fast. Seems tobe authentic Thai food.Someone's mom is throwing it down in the kitchen back there! Hands down the best Thai food in Nola! It's just a shame that it's tucked off and away on Stump Blvd. Everything we ordered was amazing! The food is full of flavor and spice. The curry was so rich. This place is not afraid to serve you dishes jammed pack full of flavor and heat if you are looking for it!Excellent!!!  Second time here and will be back.  Beef Panang and Pad Thai the best in town!!  Spicy drunken Noodles were a perfect heat level!Everything we ordered was YummY!!!  All of the veggies were very fresh & if U asked for a dish not to be spicy- they will adjust to Ur likingMy boyfriend and I love eating here after a day of West Bank thrifting.  Fast and friendly service, wonderful authentic eats.  Be sure to try the fresh spring rolls with peanut sauce!  There is never a wait.  It is a true West Bank gem!After a long travel day....we found this place for a late dinner. 
So good!! We had the Red and Penang Curry's....I don't think I have ever had better. 
The service was as excellent as the food. 
We'll be back and will definitely put A Taste of Thailand on our favorites list.When I called to ask if they are able to remake my food after we pick up and got home, they said can you call back in 5 mins.  They were not accommodating at all.  The SPICY basil fried rice,looked and tastes like regular fried rice. Their regular  Pad Thai was beyond spicy when you ask for no papers , they put the fried rice spice into the pad thia. Horrible carry out service!!Food was delicious. Service was okay... we had the fried spring rolls, fresh rolls, fried fish, Tom yum chicken soup, Thai tea, and fried banana with ice cream. Fried fish was catfish was given 2 and it was both large. Again food was yummy.I love love love this place! I've never had or even thought about tasting Thai food until my new boss offered it to me when she was ordering out. After heavy contemplation I asked my co workers what they were ordering and it was Pad Thai. I was superrrrrrr hesitant because Im so picky about my food but I went ahead and took a risk. Whooooooh Im soooooo glad I did!!!! Now Im so obsessed telling every foodie I know about this place! The pad thai is amazing!!!!!!!!!! so so so so so sooo amazing lol I just may have Pad Thai tomorrow for lunch.Food is very good. Service typical for restaurants in the area which is why the loss of a star.  Food was worth the tripThe food is good Love the papaya salad an the    Miso soup an the curry chicken is good.Been three times this week ! Scallops were cooked to perfection everytime :) 
I will say it is a bit pricy, and they play it safe with the flavors on Entrees . 
I love this little place I'm sure it will work out the growing pains, much better than other  so called Thai on the Westbank.I don't really even know what to say. I am basically speechless at how amazing my red curry combo was. You can tell they are having some growing pains being new, new staff etc, but I didn't deduct stars because the true test of a great restaurant is how they handle challenges and obstacles. Very professional, kind, genuine service. The food...well i'm stuffed and I am still thinking about how I can go back. Right now. Eat more, maybe move in. Can I work for food?! Good job guys. You will do great.  As far as the negative comments...come on people.  You can't walk into a place that has been open for less than a week and expect perfection.  That being said, from what I saw, I am confident that if I had ANY issues, and had brought them to the attention of staff/owners, they would have been taken care of.  Give people a chance to correct problems, they might surprise you (:I saw this restaurant while driving down Stumpf Blvd and pulled in to try it out.  So glad I did!  It's my new favorite - I can hardly wait to come back!  Every dish was uniquely delicious. Some of the best Thai food I've ever had!Really good food the curry is on point. And also the pineapple fried rice was delicious. Highly recommended.Best pad Thai I had, really,  really  good.
I recommend it. I had the spicy kind and they also give u a salad that's great.Over the years this has been a place for reliably tasty Thai food.  Excellent service.  The main selling point for me is that it is open on Sundays when the other Thai restaurants on the WB are not.Lunch at 1:30pm was a Great Choice on the Westbank (Bestbank). Resturant was clean n spotless, greeted warm n friendly. TOM YUM Soup (no soups available on Lunch Menu?,not even CUP size---you Can order at regular  prices $8.95 is way TOO High for Lunch to go w entries! Shrimp Spring Rolls as appetizer were fresh n great taste.
The Pad Thai waz Fresh n Delicious made while you waited. The Drunken Noodles Dish was very tasty too. *See PIcs* The Female Cook came out to greet us. SHE WAS ALL SMILES N FRIENDLY! OUR  WAITRESS CAME BY OFTEN REFILLING OUR TEA, ALWAYS ASKED HOW IS EVERYTHING! SHE WAS VERY ACCOMDATING. 3 PEOPLE ATE A FILLING LUNCH FOR approx $45..I stopped by Taste of Thailand last week and had a lovely meal with 3 others. For a hole-in-the wall look from the outside, the ambiance was actually quite nice inside. 
We started with hot tea and some fresh spring rolls. The food did take just a little longer than I had anticipated but I noticed lots of people coming in for take out orders which I think explained it a bit more. I loved the peanut sauce that came with the rolls and I added some sriracha to spice things up. 
For our entrees we had some classics like pad Thai and pad see ew as well as some more unique dishes like the Chang Mai curry and the yum woon sen salad. Both the curry and salad were incredibly spicy but we knew that going into it. 
Service was decent and the gal was not invasive or pushy which we really appreciated it. Of all the dishes I'd recommend the curry most. The base was creamy and spicy and topped with a crisp egg noodle that softened as you ate. 
After requesting the check our server brought us a complimentary mango sticky rice dessert that was just incredible. A very pleasant way to end the meal. 
All in all, this little gem is definitely worth crossing the bridge for:)Great restuarant! The staff was very friendly, attentive and prompt. I ordered their Shrimp Pad Thai medium dish. Very good. Will definitely be back.Really good food here. Came on a Monday afternoon and it wasn't too busy but a few couples showed up after I got there. 
Interior decor is nice and cultural. I had the baked mussels, Tom ka soup and basil fried rice with chicken. 
All were delicious. I asked for spicy and wasn't disappointed. Not sure if I will try Thai hot next time since the heat was satisfying with regular spicy.After reading the reviews we knew not to expect cheery service or exceptional food, but we were hoping for good food that would make us want to return. No such luck. The first red flag was that we were the only people in the restaurant. Crispy tofu was completely flavorless; both noodle dishes (including Pad Thai) were heavy and the noodles were tough. Scallops flavorless and over seasoned with soy sauce. Thank goodness for the fresh lime garnishes. The food did come out fast and the shrimp were plump and not over cooked- for one star.They have improved since last review (below): 2 stars to 4 stars. 
Nice decor, quiet restaurant. Have had several dishes and the best I had was the glass noodle salad (very spicy), American chicken strips and the panang curry. Would highly recommend those. 
Would completely avoid the pho and pad king (tasted more like fast food chinese than thai). Spring rolls lacked flavor. Pad thai had spice but lacked flavor/salt and padwoosen also lacked flavor. Generous portions. 
Overall, the prices are way too high for the lack of quality. No entrees under 10 (not even at lunch). No small soups (all over 7.95). While the owner likes spice, overall the food is too bland. 
Very nice people, just could probably benefit from a paired down menu and liven up the dishes with more flavor rather than spice.Love this place! My husband and I are regulars here. There's only one server usually though so if it gets very busy, the service/food may be slow. Otherwise love the Thai food here so much more than any other Thai restaurants on the West Bank. Admittedly the Pad Thai here is not my favorite. But there are so many other options! You have to try the Chiangmai curry noodles! It'll be a party in your mouth. The green curry is the best curry I've had in New Orleans. It's spicy, savory, creamy with a small hint of sweetness. If you enjoy spicy curries more, get the red curry instead. Also very good!I went with my wife and our (almost) 2 year old. We were the only ones there so our daughter could run around. 
They don't have a kids menu but they do have fried chicken strips and plain rice.
The food is pretty good. My wife and I both had the pad ThaiI've been to this little hole in the wall a few times with my 4 year old. I don't think I've ever had anything that I didn't really like. My kid absolutely destroys his dinner when we go here so we will definitely be going back. Don't expect a trendy place or anything too hip (actually not a fan of trendy/hip) but the food is solid and they do have a few beers to choose from to go with all that spicy happiness.A little out of the way, but I was on this side of town so I decided to give this place a try! We were the only people dining during lunch, so it was really quiet and our food came out pretty quickly. 
Complimentary salad - just a small salad with ginger dressing, I'm assuming. 
I've heard a lot of great reviews about the papaya salad being THE BEST in the city. So of course that was the first thing I ordered. 
Papaya salad ($7.95) - I did not like this at all! It tasted like something I don't even know how to explain. But! When I asked for more chili/spices, my waitress brought out spicy papaya salad sauce and it made it taste a lot better and a lot spicier. My dining companion said he thought this dish was just okay and that he's had much better elsewhere. Definitely not the best in the city. 
Tom yum w/ chicken ($8.95) - the seafood/shrimp option is $12.95. But anyway. The portion is huge! I was wondering why the price was a lot higher than other places. I got a little over 4 bowls of soup out of it. It was very flavorful and had a slight touch of spiciness. 
Whole fried fish (red snapper) ($15.95) - the tilapia option was $11.95. My favorite dish. The sauce that accompanies it is sweet. The fish is fried with the perfect amount of crunch! And is surrounded by veggies. It was pretty big too. Reminded me of how my dad fries fish at home (without the sauce).
Pad kee maow (drunken noodles) w/beef ($8.95) - this price is for the lunch portion. Not sure how much it was for the dinner! Huge portion for a lunch special! Said it was supposed to come with an egg roll, it didn't. But no biggie. It came with a lot of veggies, which I loved. And had a lot of Thai basil and I think that's what made the dish so good. 
Thai tea ($2.50) - way too sweet. Wish I would have asked her to add more tea too to balance it out. But since I didn't, I won't complain. 
I asked for spices and our waitress brought out chili powder, chili oil, and the spicy papaya salad sauce! I like that I didn't have to distinguish which one I wanted.Horrible experience yet again. Came here because The Lotus Cafe was closed. This place used to be amazing a couple months ago but inexperienced cooks and rude servers has made both the food and the service less than acceptable. Some of our food came out frozen still, other appetizers were not even rung in, so were not brought out until after our meal when they had to be reminded of it. The restaurant is far too empty to have to go without a water refill or being checked on. I do not recommend going, especially when there are far superior Thai restaurants in the area.Had the Cashew Chicken.  Chicken was tender sauce light and flavorful. Will definitely return.I've been here several times. I like to go here because it's very convenient for me. Most of the times the food has been very good. There are a few times it's been a little off. I usually order a noodle dish like the pad wootsen or Chang Mai noodles. Sometimes I'll order one of the curry dishes. Their green curries are especially good. I also like their coconut chicken soup which is a meal in itself.
However the last time I came here I was a little disappointed. I order the Yum Woon Sen and the Chang Mai noodles. Both looked very appetizing. Yum Woon Sen is a glass noodle salad with a protein, usually minced pork or seafood. I was a little disappointed this time when I ordered it because it was a little spicy. In fact it was spicy enough that it made me cry. I also ordered the Chang Mai noodles and I was a little disappointed in this because I thought they were not spicy enough. 
I will give them the benefit of the doubt and say it was an off day for them. And I will keep returning to the restaurant. Because usually I do enjoy their food.I came here with my husband and parents. The reviews were good so I was excited. Unfortunately the food and service didn't measure up. The service was minimal- we had to ask for each little thing, and things that should have come without asking. For example, my parents got the whole fried fish to share. When it came out, the waitress did not give them any knives. We called her back over and asked, and she brought them one butter knife to share between the two of them. They were sharing the fish and scallops, but just had tiny plates we used when we had appetizers to eat off of- the waitress did not bring them fresh/larger plates. Things like that happened throughout the meal. 
As we ordered, they were out of two items- pork ribs and Lodi bread. We got spring rolls as an appetizer- these were over-fried so they were a little too hard but the flavor was okay. My parents got the scallops appetizer and the whole fried fish- they said the scallops and fish were good but the vegetables with the fish were basically raw. My husband and I got the Chaing Mai noodles- which we love! Here though, they were strangely bland. I have never had bland Thai food before! The curry part was good, but didn't have that deep/complex flavor. But the noodles, vegetables and chicken in the dish didn't have any flavor on their own and weren't really soaking up the curry flavor well. We had to add soy sauce and salt- it almost felt sac-religious doing that to the curry. Overall we were disappointed :(This place was amazing. It competes for some of the best Thai I've had stateside. The Chiang Mai Curry Noodles were delicious! We really enjoyed the muscle appetizer too.I love Thai food and Chang Mai noodles in particular. Unfortunately, Banana Blossom Thai was closed for the holidays, so had to go with plan b. This is the first time I have ever found Thai food to be bland. I actually had to add a decent amount of salt to my dish, which I have never done before. The curry itself was decent, though lacking in depth and complexity of flavor. Everything else in the bowl was quite flavorless, from the chicken to the noodles. What a letdown.Came here on Saturday. Completely empty. Service was inexperienced but friendly. Food was good. Not bad. Not exceptional. 
I would come back out of convenience. I will say that it was better than Bangkok Thai uptown in regards to the food itself. But the ambiance was poor. Dead silence. A radio or something would better the atmosphere.
We ordered fresh rolls, green papaya salad and pad Thai. All very good. The pad Thai was a little saucier than what I'm used to and didn't like that something in the sauce tasted like ketchup. I'll pretend like I imagined that.
Overall I recommend you trying it. It's a good move forward for the westbank.
Bathrooms were very clean.First time diner. The fish cake appetizer was very good, with a good balance of salty, spicy, and sweet. My green curry was acceptable, but not fantastic. The curry seemed to lack any depth of flavor. It was mildly sweet and moderately spicy, but there wasn't a whole lot of curry flavor. My dining companion got the Golden Cashew, which he described as bland. The mango rolls had decent flavor but the rice paper wrapper made them somewhat unpleasantly chewy.I am writing this review while am waiting for my food to come out.  
I arrived 5 minutes after 8pm and it is now 845pm...there was only one table with people and their food came out about 5 minutes ago...and at 846 i get my plate of food.  
I don't mind waiting if the food is good...and it was.
Had one of my favorite thai dishes (pad kee maow).
It's hard to find good thai in the new orleans area. 
I have eaten at some of the spots uptown and downtown and I prefer the thai food on the west bank better (even though there are only two to choose from that I know of).  A taste of thailand and banana blossom both have a charm that reminds me of the thai spots in Hawaii.  Taste of Thailand has a home cooked taste to it and a home cooked serving size to go along with it!!! This place isn't the prettiest but then again it doesn't have to be when the food is as good as it is.Oh sweet heavens I love Thai food, and sure miss the heck out of good Thai food after the great variety I had to pick from in Dallas. But I'm home now and I'll deal with it. The tofu pad thai and mango rolls hit the spot. Never had mango rolls before and they were bomb. The Thai tea was equally good. So glad I randomly yelped this place on a random night I was in the wank. I'd be in trouble if it was uptown. It was really big inside to my surprise and very Thai shui with wood tables and bamboo. Cute place and cute food...I mean good food. Hope I need to go to the wank again soon.AMAZING curry and pad Thai! Highly recommend a Taste of Thailand  don't be alarmed by the fact that there aren't many people eating here. The service and food are stellar.It's always fun to write a review for a new restaurant.  This is a Thai restaurant in a little non-descript building.  The location is easy to miss unless you are really looking for it.  It's just past a curve and the sign is not traditional restaurant style. 
We went in just as they opened at 11 a.m. on a Saturday. We were the first customers of the day; and we were seated immediately. The staff was very polite and seemed ready to work.
The inside is very clean and cute, decorated in warm colors with a tasteful sprinkle of Thai decorations and live plants.  There are some televisions and the restaurant just has a comfy feel to it. I loved how they had beautiful yellow fabric draped over some of the ceiling; it gave the space a more intimate feeling.
We had our drinks almost immediately. The free hot and sour soup before your meal is some of the best that I have ever had.  It has just the right amount of flavor and heat.  
Our entrees were ready quickly.  I had the chicken Pad Thai and my husband asked the chef to surprise him, after a couple of quick questions to determine basic preferences, he ended up with some pineapple fried rice.  I tasted some of it, and it was delicious.
My Pad Thai was a bit spicy, not nose run spicy, but noticeably so. The noodles were cooked well and everything tasted fresh.  I especially liked how the nuts were on the side so they could be added as needed.  It was a bit different that other Pad Thai I have had in the area, as it had a reddish sauce. I'm not sure what the seasoning is, but it was very good.    I am a noodle texture snob, and I have to say that this was right on. 
We both enjoyed our meal, and decided that we will go back.  Next time, I am headed for that curry. I am looking forward to it.If you haven't tried A Taste of Thailand, it's a must! Great Massaman and yummy Mango Roll! Crispy Pork Springrolls are sized perfectly and delicious! Tom Yum Gai Yum Yum! Great Decor! Great service! Can't get enough! Will be backNeat and clean neighborhood Thai restaurant. The owner was there and acting as the greeter/server, etc. He was nice enough and quite attentive. I had been craving pad thai, so I stopped here on my way home from Oakwood Mall. Well, I am still craving a good pad thai. This one was a little spicey and it was a decent portion of noodles, but it was sort of bland aside from the mild spicy flavor. They gave you the chopped peanuts to sprinkle on it, but something was missing from the sauce. I understand that the wife of the owner is from Thailand, so this is supposed to be authentic.  There's a place in Dallas that I loved and the wife was from Thailand and her pad thai was amazing! This dish mediocre at best and expensive, in my opinion. I spent just shy of $20 with the tip, for a bland shrimp pad thai with bland noodles and 4 measly shrimp on it. I've lived in both DC and Dallas in the last 3 years and in both places, a delicious pad thai with about 6 shrimp could be had for about $12, plus tax and tip. I'm going to have to keep looking to satisfy that pad thai craving here in NOLA;-(I went to a friend's house to watch some playoff hockey and we ordered in from Taste of Thailand.  I had the combination Pad Thai (chicken and shrimp), and I also tried a spring roll and some of whatever he ordered (I can't remember what it was, just that it was spicy).  I also had some of the soup that's not always available (I think it was spicy chicken-coconut soup).  Everything I had, I enjoyed.  I even put some of my Pad Thai into the soup to make a flavor explosion!!!  I'm not really that big on Thai food, but I liked my dinner that night (the wine probably helped)Really good food here. Came on a Monday afternoon and it wasn't too busy but a few couples showed up after I got there. 
Interior decor is nice and cultural. I had the baked mussels, Tom ka soup and basil fried rice with chicken. 
All were delicious. I asked for spicy and wasn't disappointed. Not sure if I will try Thai hot next time since the heat was satisfying with regular spicy!
Great place! Give them some business.Updated review; will leave it at two stars until my 3 friends go there next week and check on the items of concern. If all that I addressed is improved on, I will consider removing our review or adding to it.
A restaurant is a place we're positive customer service is key. 
There are some places where you can care less if they even acknowledge your there if the food is that good.
If a plate is not liked, a server should ask if they can recommend something else.
Visions of Thailand and Thai music on the TV would be a great option to create a better environment.I was really excited to try another Thai place on the WestBank. Unfortunately I will not be going back. Maybe I've been spoiled by banana blossom. The portions were fine, but the food just didn't taste very good or special. The pad Thai had a strange gritty texture. A little too pricey for what I got.I've been here a couple of times and the first times weren't impressive at all. The service is always awkward at best - I think they are new servers or something. I always get the same thing, pad Thai. This most recent time was the best pad Thai I've had since I've been here. I ordered it medium and boy was it spicy. We also ordered the pork satay for an appetizer and it was bland to say the least. If the peanut sauce didn't come with it, I wouldn't have enjoyed it one bit. If Banana Blossom and Jasmine Rice Thai Cuisine is closed and you don't feel like going across the river, this will be your best bet.It's hard to find really good Thai in this city and I've surprisingly found two great Thai places on the Westbank. This location is a little out of the way if you don't live on the Westbank, but I really think it's worth checking out if you're craving Thai.
We ordered the Spicy Chicken Pad Thai, Green Curry, and 3 Flavor Fried Fish. The pad thai was very flavorful but was a tad bit too tangy or sour. I've been twice this past week and tried 3 different curries. My favorite was the Green Curry. There's just something so wholesome and flavorful about the green curry and A Taste of Thailand does it so well! The 3 Flavor Fried Fish is SO good and it reminds me of mom's fried Tilapia. It's super crispy!
It appears to be family-owned and there's a super sweet Thai lady who always comes to talk to you when you dine in. The restaurant location isn't the best and is kinda off the beaten path. I wouldn't have known about it if it weren't for a friend's recommendation and I am so thankful, because it's definitely one of my top two favorite Thai restaurants in the New Orleans area.
What I'd like to try next? The Satay Scallops.Phenomenal! This is a beautiful family owned restaurant. I love how sweet the owners are! Literally anything you try you can't go wrong and ask them or let them know if you have diet restrictions. I don't like to eat tofu/soy and they give me extra veggies (I am a vegetarian). Peaceful atmosphere and I am glad that my friend introduced me to the place.I tried this place for the first time yesterday. I ordered the Spicy basil fried rice with seafood and the steamed ginger fish. Both dishes were delicious. I ordered through Uber and was pleasantly surprised at the presentation of the food and how hot it still was. That basil rice is the best fried rice I've eaten in my whole life! It was sooooo flavorful! Please never change the way you cook that! The ginger fish was good. I loved all the vegetables that come with it. But I'd have to say the basil fried rice was much better. So good. I will definitely get it again.Sometimes it is hard to find a good restaurant to eat on the West bank. But if you are looking for good Thai food I recommend coming here. Even if you live on the East Bank! 
For dinner I had the shrimp Mussaman curry for $12.95. Sometimes places skimp on the rice. But I had so much food I had to get a go plate. Also, a nice balance of flavors in the sauce. 
 My 2 year old and 4 year old had chicken Tempura.
Lighted crisped and we substituted the regular sauce with a peanut sauce. It worked! Just FYI I did not notice a kid menu. Nor do they have kid colorings pages or crayons. But I am giving 5 stars cause the food, the price, and the nice casual atmosphere!Probably the best Thai food I have found in the city! Absolutely worth a trip to the Westbank. Awesome flavors, spice, and prices. Keep up the good work, cheers!Summary.  The other Thai places on the wank are better... 
With that said, menu is basic, nothing creative/unique, although the do have Pho oddly.
Started with coconut shrimp.  Large butterflied shrimp.  Little greasy.  They werent the best coconut shrimp I've had, but they were good.
Meals were Tom Kha with Chicken.  Personally, I didnt care for it.  The coconut milk was bland and watery.  There were huge pieces of hard inedible lemongrass that you had to be careful not to bite into. 
The Ginger Fish was good but could be better.  The peppers could have been sliced thinner.  The sauce wasn't at all spicy even though the waitress indicated spicy.  
Overall it was ok. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here but if you're in the area, its a decent option.I'm a sucker for Thai food but rarely eat it because for some odd reason I always forget it exists!! This place is a good alternative to Banana Blossom if you wanna try a different Thai restaurant on the westbank. I forgot what I got the first time I came here, but the second time I came I got the chiang mai noodles. The dish was very flavorful, and keep in mind that it is a curry so the soup is creamier/heavier than your typical soup dish. I really enjoyed eating it though. I think the noodles are egg noodles and they also add crunchy noodles on top (not much). A good bit of onions (which I placed on the side), lots of chicken, lots of flavor! It comes with some garnish on the side. I added a tiny bit of the chili and one lime and it was perfect! Had a nice kick with the chili. I'd definitely get this dish again!Ive spent a few months in Thailand and this place measures up - 
My girlfriend and I, were recommended this place from a few "foodie" friends. 
Being from San Francisco, we have a lot of choices in the Bay Area to choose from in terms of Quality Thai food. We haven't come across anything as fresh as this in New Orleans until today. 
~The complimentary salad was a nice introduction with the fresh Ginger dressing. 
~ I highly recommend the Ginger fish!
~ the spring rolls were light and crispy and fresh 
~ Chicken pad thai (5 stars)  
Clean atmosphere/Good serviceWay too expensive for the service we received. The girl was super sweet but very inexperienced. We ordered 2 different dishes and got 2 of the same dish, which is really boring and not at all what we intended. The dish we did get was kind of boring, and tbh I'm pretty sure that what we got wasn't even either dish we had ordered. It definitely wasn't Pad Woon Sen, mayyyybe it was Pad Thai? But it wasn't like any Pad Thai I've ever had. I liked that it was spicy, I will give them that, but it was too tangy. Ive definitely never had this happen. Also, why do servers Never write your order down anymore, so that this doesn't happen???It's also very dark and dank which wasn't appealing at all. Definitely will stick with Banana BlossomFalse reviews! Probably made up by the workers and friends. Robbery! Disappointed. So, we see a average of 4.4 on google and didn't want to drive over the bridge for dinner. What we experienced was terrible and I hope the owners, staff, and cooks sit down and read this.
As we drove in and noticed one car in front, I said to my fam, this might not be good.  I open the door and let my family in. We see a young lady behind the counter on her phone with a child in her arms.  Not a big deal for us since we are fans of family restaurants.  After we took a few steps in and paused, she says "you can sit anywhere" while looking at a young man on his phone sitting at one of the back tables. 
We take a seat and notice the traditional decor that's hanging crooked on the walls.  The hostess/waitress walks over and places utensils on the table wrapped in cloth napkins (smelled like mold) while reaching across us. 
She asked what we would like to drink and we order a Thai tea ($2.50) and two bud lights ($3.50 each).  My wife asked me why the young man is now laying on the ground on a little mattress behind a table with the baby on his chest.  
I ask my family if we should just get a appetizer and leave but we decided to give them a chance.  We ordered the crispy spring rolls and chicken Satay.  They were not terrible but bet they were prepared commercially and delivered frozen.   The chicken was bland and my daughter called it "Sad".
We ordered the Pad kee maow ($12.95) the pad see Eu ($12.95) and the tom kha soup ($12.95).  All came way too sweet.  We have eaten Thai food countless times and this was by far the sweetest.  The coconut shrimp soup tastes like a hot desert. All noodles were over cooked as well. My wife had to use the restroom and later told me it smelled like sewer.
The waitress ask if everything was ok. We told her how we found it way too sweet. She then says "so y'all don't like it? We responded "no".  The look on her face was not a disappointment one but more like "you don't know what your talking about" kind of look. She then asks "so do you just want the bill?" I should of said no and walked out but said, "definitely".  She doesn't ask us if we would like to order something else or she can take those plates off the bill. She says "thank you". The bill comes in a cracked and sticky check holder. Gross.  
I will say that I ate half of my plate since I was hungry and I eat fast. 
We were not sure if they noticed that on the tv was a crime scene show about a guy that killed both of his wives. Blood everywhere.
It's just too bad that a group has the oportunity and possibly the capability to have a good Thai restaurant but get it all wrong with the atmosphere and service.I ordered from Uber eats and did not get anything that remotely resembled the massaman Curry I ordered  including no potatoes in it which it always has. I called for help and they said they couldn't help me. The supposed curry they gave me was pretty tasteless and had about a half inch of grease on the top in the plastic container. I do recommend this place.I've been to Taste of Thailand quite a few times, almost always at lunch. My favorite and go-to dish is the Pad Thai, however, the most recent time I was somewhat disappointed. A well-done Pad Thai can taste different with every bite, sometimes the brightness of lime is the highlight, while other bites may focus on the shrimp or peanuts or green onion or red pepper or carrots. This time, the sauce was overpowering everything else and the noodles were gummy ... I think the owner/chef was distracted this particular day with entertaining her toddler-age grandchild. The restaurant was not busy that day and the focus was more on family than food.Not at all what I thought of a Thai place.  The person who took my order over the phone repeated my or correctly but when I receive my order it was what I order or good.  I'm all for a Thai restaurant in New Orleans but this isn't one to go to.I've heard so many good reviews about this place and was so excited to try it. I went with a party of 4 around 2:15pm. There was only 2 other people in the restaurant at the time. We ordered 2 chicken pad Thai, 1 beef pad Thai, 1 chicken drunken noodles, and a shrimp Tom Yum soup. We ordered all the noodles to be spicy.
Food: it wasn't HORRIBLE, but I found it mediocre. I did like that the pad Thai was more on the wet side versus being too dry to eat (except that 1 chicken pad Thai was DRENCHED in sauce). It was too sweet for my liking. The drunken noodles didn't have any flavor besides some spice. The Tom Yum soup was also too sweet for my liking even after squeezing the lime in. I was expecting more of a sour spicy flavor. 
Service: our server was a kind friendly man. Although he was super nice, it didn't seem like he knew what he was doing. The first time he brought two plates to our table that actually belonged to the other table. The second time he brought our correct food, but only brought out 3 of our noodles and the 4th was actually never relayed to the cook to make. By the time the 4th plate came out, the other 3 in our party practically finished eating. I'd also like to note the kind gesture that the server made by giving us a complimentary salad to make up for forgetting to put in the order. Kind gesture but it was a sad salad. It was a lettuce wedge with some orange sauce on it. The lettuce was old and red/pink on its edges. 
Overall, I was super disappointed. Not sure if I just came on a bad day or not. Unfortunately, I didn't take any pictures of the food to post.Wow!  Ordered fro here last night!  Wonderful Pad Thai!  You can taste the tamarind, fish sauce work together to make a tangy fresh Pad Thai!  The muscles were awesome! The crab Rangoon's were delicate and delicious!!!  I prefer this place to Banana blossom on Lafayette! Will be ordering from here more often!!!Pricing not accurate. Menus say one thing, they say another. Customer service is greatly lacking. Food is good but will not be returning.Definitely a place to visit...over and over. I am in love with the Chicken Pineapple Fried Rice!  Simple furnishings and wonderful decor of the culture!   Love the picture menu and the service while sometimes not speedy is very good and will not keep you from coming back!!
They are eager to please so ask questions and tell them what you want.
Bring a sweater!Seriously delicious! My husband ordered the lunch special spicy basil thai and I ordered the lunch special pad thai. Default spiciness was a little spicier than I was used to so clarify if you want it not spicy. perfectly cooked, plenty of flavor, and lots of chicken and vegetables! we will be coming here regularly. and the lunch specials are a great deal for the amount of food you receive! service was friendly and quick.This is a hidden gem. Both from the outside and even upon entering, you would never suspect the quality of food that is available.  The food is delicious, the servings are generous and the prices are reasonable. An absolute find.Went to this place on a spur of the moment decision. Glad we did. Food was good and staff was friendly. Food came out quickly and my wife and I enjoyed. There was one spice that I did not care for but the rest of the dish was great. This was our first time trying Thai food and we will be giving it another try. Love trying out new things.This place is the best Thai food I've had in the New Orleans area. It was the best birthday gift I could have gotten myself for during the pandemic, it reminds me of home. Their mango sticky rice roll is not only a playful take on the dish but it's very well made as well. This place will be my go to spot for Tom Kha as soon as it starts to get coldI would like to rate this place a 0/5 stars but yelp doesn't allow for that. I was looking for a new place to eat while over on the West Bank last weekend. I read all of the other reviews, and this place looked to fair well. I ordered crispy spring rolls and a vegetable/tofu coconut curry. My partner ordered a coconut soup. We are well versed in Thai food. The food was NOT good. The spring rolls tasted like they were cooked in old oil. The coconut curry had zero flavor and the soup was watery. It was a $40 lunch (which isn't cheap for thai food, I'd say moderately priced). I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO SICK FROM EATING AT A RESTAURANT IN MY LIFE. From about 10mins after leaving, for the entire afternoon, I was running to the toilet. My partner shared the same experience. My guess, as a healthcare professional, would be improperly handled coconut milk with high levels of staph. NO WAY IN HELL COULD YOU PAY ME TO GO BACK HERE.Pretty good for Thai food on the Westbank. I'd recommend coming here for lunch you get more for your buck! I had the pad Thai and it was filling for sure!Thai in NOLA is a sad, sad state of affairs.
Do NOT tell me about Sukko Thai (Sucko Thai) that is NOT Thai food and I challenge anyone who states otherwise.
Taste of Thailand is as close to good Thai as I've found in NOLA.
Only draw back is that they share a common wall with the Venue next door who was thumping some SERIOUS bass for their function they were hosting.
Photos on wall, actually shaking and vibrating.
But the Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mao) was to totally die for.
Flavors, are PERFECT..
Not a flaw in the place, except for the neighbor.
Give it a shot..
If you love GOOD Thai, you'll LOVE this place..I really wanted to like this place! I recently ordered an appetizer (crispy spring rolls), chicken pad Thai, and Thai tea using a delivery service. The tea and the appetizer were great but steer clear of the pad Thai. It really didn't taste like any kind of pad Thai I had ever had before -- and not in a good way. The pad Thai was so spicy I ended up throwing it out. I had been to this restaurant about a year or so ago and remembered the food being good. I don't remember what I ordered then but I know it wasn't pad Thai.Fabulous and authentic. Plus a very generous serving. I opted for a home delivery, and the food arrived before the expected delivery time and piping hot. I am super fussy with my Thai food, and I was certainly pleased with this local Thai restaurants quality. I'll certainly be back.So my sister wanted some Thai food after watching the Saint game. We found this through Yelp and the reviews were a mix but we still went there. Not sure if it's because of the game or not but we were their only customers when we got there. We were greeted and seated. Our waitress was really helpful in suggesting us what we should try. We started out with two Thai Tea and Taut Mon Pla (Fish Cakes) for appetizer. The Taut Mon Pla was really tasty. It's a red curry flavoured fish cakes with a side of sweet chili sauce. I would recommend ordering a side of rice to go with it. Next came out was the Yum Woon Sen, Glass Noodle with shrimp as our protein choice and tomato, onion, pepper, cabbage and mint. That salad was my favorite of everything we ordered. Finally our two last dish came out the same time was the Chang Mai Curry Noodle and the Pad Kee Maow (Drunken Noodle). The Chang Mai Curry Noodle was tasty with the spicy curry  with chicken and noodles but I'm so sure why or maybe the Noodle was too over cooked that I didn't care for. The Pad Kee Maow was really a disappointment. The noodle was under cooked and salty. I usually would have ordered the Pad Thai but the reviews on Yelp got me not to get it. I would suggest to ask them for extra utensils if your are sharing. All our dishes came out without it's own utensils to share.Finally, authentic Thai in New Orleans! Totally worth crossing the river, really fabulous flavors, appropriately priced plates, and friendly staff, yay!I don't know why I always seem to end up hungry on the Westbank on a Sunday night, but it's been a recurring theme lately. Yelp helped me find this little hole in the wall, and I'm sure glad I did.
The place is not much to look at, either outside or inside. There is a TV that had the Saints game on. My friend and I were the only people there for our entire meal. The place is no frills, but clean and ample seating.
We ordered some beers, green mussels, Pad Thai, and the Tom Kha coconut soup. I'm not a Thai food aficionado, but this was some really good stuff. The mussels had an amazing, flavorful sauce on them and the coconut soup was a generous portion and soooo delicious. I will definitely be making trips to the Wank just for this soup, especially as the weather gets cooler (if it ever does)..
My minus one star is for our waitresses attitude. She did her job just fine, but did not make us feel welcome or comfortable. She literally had no facial expressions, barely spoke a word, and just generally seemed like she was annoyed with us. A little more hospitality would have made the whole experience much better. 
Bottom line: The food is good and I will be back to try more dishes...but will probably order them to go and skip the so-so atmosphere and indifferent waitress :)This is my go to thai restaurant on the westbank. They are on uber eats which is very convenient! I love their Tom Kha. The flavor is delicious and definitely better than other places. They also have a great pad thai. We order vegetarian or seafood and they are super accommodating. They are also friendly when we eat here. Overall we've always had great experiences on every visit or order!Very good food and great service and clean. We had spring roll and fish cake apps that were very good. Pad Thai was very good and spicy like I like it. They will adjust spiciness is if you ask them. We enjoy Thai food and have eaten at quite a few , a taste of Thailand ranks as one of the best in authentic , fresh Thai food.Really bad server, no smile at all. The staff working here not say anything when you get in or get out of the restaurant. The waitress put my food in the table was like " eat bitch "I personally love it ! When I walked in I was greeted with hellos , and the waiting staff was super friendly and very helpful, my drink was never empty, I had the fried fish and my friend had the Thai ribs , both dishes were excellent ! I would come here again and next time bring more people !