This place has amazing oysters and the BEST bloody mary during my stay in NOLA. The wait wasn't too long. It went by fairly quick but I do recommend having a drink in hand while you wait. We sat at the bar in front of Hollywood, the Master Shucker, and he was great! Super focused on his work but attentive enough to not keep us waiting on anything. We tried both the fresh oysters and the chargrilled and boy, were those phenomenal. My colleague and I had oysters at each restaurant we dined at to truly see who offered the best and Acme wins, hands down.OH MY!! A must try. We had no idea there would be a line but there is but definitely well worth it!! The oysters are amazing! Try them charbroiled as well. The bread and butter that comes with them is amazing. The crawfish puppies were incredible. Could eat them all day. Definitely did not want to leave, but felt rushed (only negative) to get out so they could turn the tables. Try to see if you can join the 15 Dozen Club!The fried seafood was extremely hot. Very nice taste. Add the soft shell crab for $9.99, totally worth it. 
Service was good too, our waiter Roscoe was super nice. Brandon seated us was super friendly. I appreciate the great service. 
Prices are pretty much the same as other restaurants in the French Quarter. 
There's always have a line to get in, stand in it... it's worth the wait. But I personally wouldn't stand in the line for more than 10 - 15 minutes... there are other great seafood restaurants in the French Quarter.I love this place. I wish my stay was longer so I could visit it again. The food is awesome. I will definitely go back if I am to visit New Orleans again. Be prepared for the long waiting list.Loved the chargrilled oysters!  I mean, seriously, I have never had a tastier cooked oyster dish.  I can't tell you what goes into this dish, but it must have included some garlic, parmesan cheese, and possibly butter?  No matter what, I really enjoyed these oysters.  If you check out ACME for nothing else, at least try the chargrilled oysters.  You won't be disappointed.
I also had a 1/2 and 1/2 po'boy--half fried catfish, half fried shrimp.  The sandwich was tasty, but far from spectacular.  On a separate occasion, I tried the fried crawfish tail appetizer, which was served with a delicious sauce (aioli probably, with horseradish).  Again, nothing out of the ordinary.
Needless to say, stick to those chargrilled oysters.  The raw oysters are just fine also, to be sure.  I did find it odd that when they shucked the oysters, they left all the sandy mud on the outside of the shell, which meant odds were good that some of the sand would infiltrate your oyster.  Not sure why they do that, considering how texture is so important when it comes to oysters, and the last thing you want is to bite on a grain of crunchy sand while your trying to enjoy your meal.  Oh well.
I would definitely stop here for lunch again someday.  In fact, I went there two days in a row already!This place is not that good. OK the oysters are good, same as they are at any other place in town. They have no real control over that
Everything else is mediocre to horrible. Dont touch the fried seafood or anything like etoufee 
It is fun to belly up to the oyster bar and rap with the shuckers.  some have been there decades and they have some stories to tell.
Did have a bad experience though last time i was there. We went to settle the bill as the shucker who had been entertaining us encouraged us to pay cash. Why? so he could stuff the tip in his pocket and not share with the rest of the wait staff. He as much as told us that
This is whats depressing about NOLA at times, good, authentic, hard working, jive talking worker giving us a great show at the same time trying to beat the rest of the staff out of their living.  No honor anymore
you want good fried seafood go to Bozos in metairie, or even Jaggers in HarahanBest oysters I've ever had in my life.  The char grilled ones were killer.  Worth the wait.  DO NOT SKIP THIS PLACE ON YOUR VISIT!Well we all know Acme is like a New Orleans institution.  The chargrilled oysters are a must if you decide to visit.  You can't go wrong with the 1/2 and 1/2.  I just had the half oyster poyboy and cup of seafood gumbo.  I have to be honest when I say that Acme has a pretty good damn gumbo.  I find this hard to come by in a city deemed the "Melting Pot" of the South. Anywho, ice cold beer on tap and oysters. What else do you need in life?After seeing Acme on Man vs. Food, I thought it would be a good addition to my food your of New Orleans. Everytime we passed by, there was always a line, so we chose another restaurant instead. However, on our last day in NOLA, we knew we would have to tough it out and wait. For lunch around noon, it only took 20 minutes. We were seated at the oyster bar and promptly served our food. We ordered the piece po-boy which was topped with tabasco mayo and filled with oysters and shrimp. So delicious and on the most perfect po-boy bread imaginable. We also ordered the sampler plate that had seafood gumbo, andouille sausage and red beans and rice. Everything was flavorful and delicious. I am so glad we finally got the chance to eat here-it was worth the wait!The oysters are amazing!  The service is top notch!Food wasn't the best, our waiter was terrible, they don't split checks and to top it off if you want to split CC pmt you can only use 3 cards and the rest must be cash, do yourself a favor and go to the Bourbon House Kensie and Jake are awesome!this is the place to go for oysters. Get there early as there is always a long line but it's worth the wait.The line for this place is always so long!! But, I understand why. The food is fabulous. Their raw oysters are always so fresh (one of my favorites) and their gumbo was also very tasty. On this occasion, it was my cousin's birthday so they gave her a free chargrilled oyster, instead of ice cream like most restaurants, and she fell in love. I had never tried chargrilled oysters either so, I sopped up some of the delicious sauce that was coating her oyster with the bread they provided us. SO GOOD! We ordered a dozen of the chargrilled the next day and now life will never be the same!As always over the top friendly service and food that can't be beat.  Party of two seated at the bar and Curtis took great care of us.  Oysters raw and grilled, they presented the best that any Coast eatery has to offer.   Acme is a must visit in Nola.So in 2 trips to NOLA over the past few months, I've managed to eat at Acme Oyster House 3 times.  Each time I enjoyed the fresh oysters and chargrilled oysters.  I think both are some of the best in town.  The atmosphere is casual and the beer expensive, but the food is good - that's why they've been in business for the past 100 years. 
Compared with some of the other reviewers, guess I have been lucky to have had pretty good service on each of my visits.  Hell, the waitress even bought our last round of beers on my second visit - of course lunch was disrupted by the guy having a stroke at the next table being carted out by the EMTs.
This has become a spot near and dear to my heart -  I can get great NOLA food without having to dress for dinner or make a reservation.  Definitely on my list of must eat places when in town!When my boyfriend and I got there the line was down to the corner of the block.. We walked over from our hotel so we decided to stay. Great choice! 
The wait wasn't bad. We got a couple of beers and in no time we were in. 
We shared a appetizer and entree and weren't disappointed! 
1dz of char broiled oysters & a sea food platter, 1/2 fish 1/2 shrimp .. Also included fried prawns, fried oysters, fries and hush puppies.. Yes. Everything fried! But we're on vacation so it's okay :-)Had lunch there today service and food was excellent!! Recommended to all! Raw Oysters so fresh and flavorful!!If the chargrilled oysters are the only thing u came here for u may be happy. other than that i'd stay away. The seafood étouffée was baby shrimps (maybe) in salty gravy. the gumbo was baby shrimps (maybe?)  in salty broth. and the jambalaya tasted like it was made from a box. with salt. overall disappointed.Overrated and overpriced tourist trap. What a dry and uninspiring shrimp po boy and the grilled oysters are way overpriced. The raw oysters on the half-shell were okay. Do yourself a favor, skip this place and go across the street to Felix's. It is much better, lower price and you usually don't have to wait.We noticed the line outside acme when checking into our hotel, and decided to check it out for dinner the next night - long queue, but we were a small group and were prepared to sit at the bar, so the wait was only about ten minutes or so (would still advise dining here off-peak). The atmosphere inside is great - plenty going on but still able to have a conversation.
The food - the specialty is the chargrilled oysters, and they are a MUST HAVE if you're in New Orleans. The best I've had. Cooked in just the right amount of butter, garlic and cheese, with fresh bread to slurp up the extra sauce, these are big, creamy flavoursome oysters that even non-seafood fans should try. The boo fries are also a great addition, as are their poboys, gumbo and fried crawfish tails. 
An absolute must-do!This place is definitely worth the wait, and high rankings!  Best crawfish étouffée we've had in town, and the grilled oysters are crazy good!Maybe I had higher hopes for these than I should have but I was unimpressed with Acme's oysters. Were they good? Yes. Were they the BEST OYSTERS EVER? No. I had oysters the night before at Mr. Ed's Seafood House and they were just as great and they were $5 cheaper. 
My brother & I decided on here for lunch since we saw the line wrapping around the corner the night before. We stood in the line for a late lunch around 3:30pm on a Monday and were seated in less than 5 minutes. It's all about timing with these popular spots. If you come on the weekend, expect a long wait. I would recommend planning for one weekday during your trip for less wait times. Our waitress was fun & sassy. She got right to it with putting in our order of charbroiled oysters. I had the 1/2 shrimp po-boy with a cup of seafood gumbo and my brother settled on a bowl of seafood gumbo. The gumbo was DELICIOUS! I thoroughly enjoyed it. My brother thought it was tasty, served at the perfect temperature and had large chunks of crawfish & shrimp. My shrimp po-boy was good as well. It reminded me of the fish sandwiches I would get from Wendy's back in St. Croix growing up. I know it seems weird but fast food in the Caribbean taste drastically different than that in the United States. This is a compliment for them. Being that it reminded me of something so simple, it was just okay for me. Damn you St. Croix for spoiling me with great tasting food from birth. We finished up with the bread pudding. That was the most memorable part of the meal. My brother commented that he wanted to lick the bowl when we were done but decided that it would be frowned upon if he did. Our bill came up to $57.29 for 2 iced teas, a dozen chargrilled oysters, 1 bowl of gumbo, a 1/2 shrimp po-boy & cup of gumbo & a bread pudding. After tip, we spent around $66. That's where the 3 stars come in. 
You can enjoy oysters and good food here at Acme but I wouldn't recommend waiting in a long line for it. There are 50 billion restaurants in New Orleans and they all claim to have the BEST ___________ (fill in the blank). With that being said, you can find great oysters all throughout the city. I recommend befriending a local at the bar, in your hotel or your Uber driver for off-the-beaten path eateries that will give you authentic, memorable food minus the wait and the bill.The char-grilled oysters were good, but I really liked the one at Felix's better. Ordered 2lbs of boiled crawfish. My friend liked the taste of it, but it wasn't for me. 
Everyone has their own preference, this just wasn't the place for me.Wow! Greatest food we had in New Orleans. There was a line up front to be seated, but it moved quickly. The most amazing item ordered were the boo fries. They were delicious!! The charbroiled oysters were amazing as well. Our waitress was very funny and friendly and made our experience truly enjoyable.If you don't have to wait in line, go in and eat. You won't be disappointed. If you do have to wait, go across the street to Felix's, not as nice ambiance but the food is as good... In fact the grilled oysters were a touch better. 
I tried both restaurants back to back recently. At Acme I had the grilled oysters and an oyster po boy. The grilled oyster was delicious but a bit salty. The po boy was exquisite. Crispy fried oysters in a crispy roll. Sloshed down with a couple of glasses of pinot grigio.... lunch don't get much better than this. Companions had the jambalaya... OK... and the other the combination seafood platter.... very good. 
Reviewed by 500+ the place cant be bad just don't wait in line..Fun place to hangout. We sat at the bar & sat in front of the famed master shucker & was privileged to see "Hollywood" in action! He was entertaining & a delight to chat with while having a few beers. Our waitress was awesome as well, making sure our drinks were never empty. 
We ordered 1/2 dz raw & 1/2 dz grilled oysters, it was so good we ended ordering another 1/2 dz of each. 
Raw oysters Awesome! Grilled oysters w some bread to soak up the butter sauce-DLish!too salty and wait for long time.We see many people wait outside the restaurant however it is not worth to go thereThe very best oysters if you are there and the month ends in a r you will taste salty sweet oysters! Wish I was there today- the guys at the bar are amazing shucking the oysters and laughing at life in general! Grab a beer and season your beauty the way you like it!Great oysters both fresh and grilled and a nice sampler plate too. This place is great value and worth queuing for. 5* at this price.Had oysters, boom shrimps, hush puppies, and gumbo, everything here is great! Come early, the wait could be long but we were able to sit at the bar right away.Lives up to the hype. Get everything you can.  The wait is worth it. 
Chargrilled oysters were amazing. 
Jambalaya was awesome. 
Raw oysters were so fresh. 
Peacemaker po-boy was really good too.
Get all of it!!!You'd like this if you're really into fast fried food but my boyfriend and I felt this place was a bit overrated. The food was okay but more of a Chain restaurant feel- like Friday's. Had the gumbo- boyfriend liked that.  Had a shrimp poboy, fried shrimp, fried fish, fried softshell crab, and chargrilled oysters. I liked the fried shrimp the best.  The poboy wasn't bad but nothing special. The crab kinda tasted weird...I'm not a crab expert but it tasted maybe a little spoiled in the center. The chargrilled oysters were a bit on the greasy and salty side- had alotta parmesan  The service was decent.The parboiled oysters were lit! And I'm not a huge oyster fan. The fried crawfish was good too. I hated the sauce it came with, but that was no big deal. I'd come back here.So NOT worth the wait. We were teased twice that our table was ready - only to take a group of 8 instead of our group of 10. I guess it's hard to count on a Sunday. Asked for waters all around, and only brought 8 glasses instead of 10 - again a counting problem.
Cocktail sauce was super hot. Shrimp and fish were just OK, but the fries were salty and soggy.
Watch out for what's "included" or not - our bill reflected add-ons that we did not order - including two orders of oysters instead of one
Average po-boys. Had better ones in the warehouse district.
Gumbo was also just OK.
Service was spotty. Had to ask for more water multiple times. 
Only bright spot was the "boo fries" - quite tasty.
Will not return or recommend to a friend.We were a party of 6. The PO boy is served on 25 cent bread for $15.5. The Chargrilled oysters were swimming in grease. I waited 15mn for a water. They added 18% gratuity. They refused to split the check. And to top it all, they limited us at 3 cards for payment. When I mentioned that the raw oysters were not great, the manager said that they are better with crackers and cocktail sauce (seriously...)...Worst dining experience we've had in some time...I love oysters! So I definitely had to check out this place when I went to NOLA. I must say that the oysters were great. Very different to the ones I usually eat from Tomales Bay but still tasty. I have to admit that I'm not a big fan of the chargrilled oysters. It's a good concept of grilling the oysters topped with parmesan cheese but its way too salty for my taste buds. So if you like oysters and happen to go to Bourbon Street, check out this place for sure.We sat at a community table and loved the experience. Grilled oysters are a must, but the red beans and rice and gumbo are also great! Get a draft beer and enjoy!I'm pretty sure that while I was in line waiting to get in, I got hit by a bus.  Because after eating 2 dozen chargrilled oysters, I know I am now in heaven.  OMG they are amazing; probably the best oysters I have ever had!  Also the seafood étouffée and crawfish were excellent.  Totally worth the wait!Go for the chargrilled oysters, they were awesome. Don't come for the PoBoys or Gumbo, there's better to be had at lots of other places.Char-grilled oysters were pretty darn good! The smokiness and buttery flavor truly accented the oysters. If you've never had 'em, try 'em!
The reason they get 4 stars: the 12 oysters were very small for $20.Solid bar food.  Nice alternative to Drago's - I still think Drago's has the best oysters but saw a cockroach behind the Drago's counter (downtown location) so I tend to frequent Acme's instead.Charbroiled oysters were amazing, fried crawfish was pretty good. Gumbo was just OK and the service was really good. Will definitely come back!Chances are if you come to ACME you will have to wait for a seat. After waiting i can tell you it was worth it. All I had to say is WOW. I ate here the first night I was in the big easy with my girlfriend & it did not disappoint. We each started with a cup of gumbo & it was the most delicious one I had in NOLA. We moved on to the next course and decided on the chargrilled oysters. Being the first time I had ever had oysters, I can say they were absolutely amazing. The butter herb sauce on it mixed with the bacon & cheese were perfect. How can you not like bacon?! The staff was very friendly and informational, the place has a very lively atmosphere & I would 100% recommend stopping here in your trip to the big easy!4.5. The soft shell crab was amazing.  Very large and tasty.   Raw oysters were classically yum.  Charbroiled were ok.  My daughter who doesn't like seafood loved them but dragos has em beat.   Etoufee was ok.Had to get chargrilled oysters the first day in New Orleans. Just like I remembered.... Bread sopping goodFirst place you go in NOLA is here, stop everything your doing and eat. Then when you're ready leave NOLA, eat here again. OMG ! AMAZING.
Ask for Helen as your server. Shut your pie hole and let her guide you to an awesome dinner. She is just the sweetest person and knows exactly what you want, even if you dont. The restaurant is amazing but gets my 5 stars because of Miss HelenOne of the best and least expensive meals I had in New Orleans. My meal consisted of everything New Orleans I wanted to try: oysters, crawfish, po'boy and gumbo. The 1/2 soup 1/2 sandwich option is great, seafood gumbo was bowl-lickin' good. Drowned it down with a few local IPAs. Sat at the bar and met a few other out-of-towners for cocktails later that evening.This place is definitely touristy but the food is delicious! The last time we went, we did have to stand in line, but it moved relatively quickly.  It's not overly expensive, and you wouldn't really want to go there for a romantic date.  If you just want some great food, this is a good stop.  I like taking out of towners here because they get the New Orleans experience and I get some delicious food!Hands Down the best Jambalaya!!! Wonderful experience. This place was the best part of the visit. Friendly staff, Fantastic Cocktails and Awesome food. I highly recommend this place. No matter when you go by it always has a line. Every restaurant here has waiting time of more than 1 hour. We ordered Boom Boom Shrimp, Fried Soft Shell Crab Platter, Seafood Etouffee & Jambalaya. Other than standing in the line for more than 1hr 30min, I give them 5 stars for the service and delicious food.Damn good time here! Highly recommend this place. Long line but worth the wait drinks are strong so be careful.The food was so good there. Its a restaurant that I have to visit every time that I'm in New Orleans. Their "Oyster Shooters" are reasonably priced. If you have a couple beers and a shooter you will feel good for a couple hours.My first night in town and I was craving some crawfish after bar hoping. Called around and places were either already closed or not serving crawfish. Then I found Acme. OMG. Best crawfish I've had in a long time. I was in town for 4 nights and ordered 2lbs every single night (except the one night they ran out around 8pm). Service was always great and got to a point where they knew me and my order by name. Very fun staff and cute little place. But be prepared to wait. They always had a line outside. I was only able to bypass it by ordering my crawfish to go every night.If our table had been wiped down and if they served anything green I would have given it five stars.   If you know New Orleans a lot of places are like this, not too clean but boy the food is good. 
We had charbroiled Oysters,,,yum.  They were really good and I was with two locals who agreed.   
We then had the fried peace maker po boy.....yum.   And yes it had a little lettuce on it..yea something green.  The shrimp chowder was good too. 
I love love love this place, but wish I could balance the fried food with a salad.Food is amazing! One of the top two places we ate during our 5 days here. The line outside was long but they have a list at the door so make sure to walk up and put your name on it. I didn't give it 5 stars because once we were seated we had to wait another 30 plus minutes to get drinks and place our order but once the food arrived no one said a word and ate every bit of it from the soft shell crab, oysters, fried shrimp, fried catfish and po-boys! Hush puppies we're also amazing. Definitely a must go when in NOLA!We only waited for about 30 minutes, but I would have waited all day! Damn good! Chargrilled Oysters! WOW! A word of advice - make friends in line and be prepared to be flexible with your party size. You'll  get seated faster. They won't split checks so come with cash if that's your plan!Enjoyed this place so much, I went there twice in one weekend!  Everything I had was delicious.  These oysters were better than any I tried anywhere else.  A must for anyone visiting the city.
I recommend getting a seat at the bar and having the shuckers serve you up what they are shucking right there - they are fun to chat with too!Fun atmosphere, great service, cold beer, delicious oysters, po boys...whats not to love?Great oysters, raw & grilled both. Entrees I found lacking, had the medley with gumbo, jambalaya & beans/rice with sausage. Beans/rice with sausage was the best, I also tried the fried soft shell crab, found it to be good for fried food. If I come again will be strictly for the oysters.One of my favorite restaurants in NoLa. They can get pretty busy and the waits could be long. Stopped by here with 5 of my friends and there was about 20 people ahead of us in line. Got seated in approximately 25 minutes. Service inside the restaurant was fast. Orders were served quick and the food was amazing! Will definitely be back again!Good oysters. Long wait. Cold beer. Great location in the Quarter. What could really be wrong with any of that? Nothing, esp. for a good poboy or raw oysters.Best fried soft shell crab I ever had!!!!!!!! I love ACME its the BEST fast good food will go back every time I'm in NOLA for sure!!!!!!! Thanks ACME!!!!Get there early enough but expect a wait. The bar is a great place to sit if you are alone. You can skip the line. There are usually one or two seats there. Try the grilled oysters. Even if you don't usually like them! You will thank me later! The po boys are good! The bread pudding is tasty. I'm not sure what it's supposed to taste like any other time but I enjoyed it. Try the local beer. Abita. Purple hazeEpitome of what I expected going to New Orleans. Waitress was great and showed me how to eat crawfish for the first time and I really enjoyed the charbroiled oysters and oyster shooter.We came here only for: the grilled oysters, a cup of redbeans and rice, and a pint of beer.  The oysters were very good, the redbeans and rice were ok, and the beer was cold.
The service here is amazing, quick, courtious, friendly etc.  I'm sure if we'd had a full meal here we would not have been dissapointed.The oysters were excellent, and jambalaya was very good. I was disappointed by the shrimp po boy, it was a little dry and lacked flavor. Recommend sticking with the oysters for sure!Upon arriving we were seated within 5 minutes.  Our waitress was really attentive and friendly.  The raw oysters are buttery, melt in your mouth delicious, and completely satisfied my oyster craving.  I also got half of the fried oyster po'boy and a bowl of the chicken and andouille sausage gumbo.  Everything was so good and met my standards.  Everyone should come to Acme  when in NOLA, I definitely recommend it.  My tummy was happy leaving this scrumptious establishment.The oyster stew (Oyster Rockefeller Soup), the debris po boy (Acme 10 Napkin Roast Beef), red beans and rice, and shrimp/oyster po boy (Fried Peace Maker Po Boy) were decadently delish. MUST. HAVE.  Seriously. Absolutely worth the hype and the line moves quickly. You'll eat too much and you'll swear to never do it again but then you'll go home and dream about the food and when you come back?  You'll eat too much again.This place is amazing. Their deserts are great but the main attraction is the chargrilled oysters. I took some people here that do not normally eat oysters and they loved them. I would recommend that everyone try this place at least once.Life changing!!!  I had heard about Acme Oyster House and it was beyond my expectations.  We stood in line for about 30 minutes waiting to get inside.  I'd stand out there for hours if needed!  The char-grilled oysters blew my mind!!!  We also had a cup of gumbo and an order of raw oysters.  It was one of the best meals I've ever had.  For dessert we had a pecan cobbler which was basically pecan pie without the crust....delicious!  I can't recommend this place strong enough.  If you are in NOLA, you need to visit Acme Oyster House!Friendly, Good service, and good food!! My friend won the 15 Dozen Oysters challenge woohoo!!I waited three years to try this place after my failed attempt (due to the rain and a long line) during my first time in New Orleans! THREE YEARS! I was not to be deterred this time around. Glad the weather was on my side as well as. Someone must have known I would have thrown a fit if I wasn't able to come again this time.
Got here around 5:45-ish and the line was decent. It only got kept getting longer after we arrived. We had a party of six and they were nice enough to hold our table for the 5 to 10 minutes it took until the last two people of our party arrived. After being seated, the waiter came by and took our orders. Obviously being called an Oyster House, you have to order the oysters!
The boyfriend and I split an order of a half-dozen raw oysters, a half-dozen chargrilled oysters, and the fried seafood platter (oyster, shrimp, and fish). The raw oysters were nice and fresh, although expect an inconsistency of size. Some were big and others medium. As for the chargrilled, these oysters might have been small due to the cooking process but they came out bubbling in seasoned butter and cheese that was just oh so tasty! I was literally sticking the bread in all the leftover butter I could get! Hell, I probably would have drank the seasoned butter right from the oyster shell if it wasn't super hot! Definitely a must when you come here!
As for the fried seafood platter, these was a delicious dish as well. The fried fish was nice and tender. The fried oysters were nice and big with a good oyster taste, unlike some places that give you the dinky small oysters that's mostly batter (YES! I'm talking about you Pappadeux!). The fried shrimp was cooked perfectly that I definitely cried when one fell of the plate on to the floor. Yes, I'll admit, I contemplated about the 5 second rule, but with the streets of New Orleans being as dirty as they were, I decided it was better left there then in my stomach.
As for why 4 stars? I can't remember if they wrote down our order or not, but when we ordered the seafood platter, we asked for a side of coleslaw (absolutely delicious btw). However, our plate came with hush puppies instead. Easy fix, but I just didn't like having to wait and flag down the waiter to get it changed.Was not impressed. Heard so much about this place and with a line out the door in the rain thought it had to be good. The oysters were good, but the boom boom shrimp lacked boom and the jambalaya was dry. I ordered a side and it was in a little cup. The Po boys were ok. The Acme 10 Napkin Roast Beef tasted more like pot roast. Have to say service was good though.Food was excellent specially seafood platter it was fried perfect and yummy! Oyster was good to. But my my char broiled oyster was little over done but seafood platter made it up! Service was good too!The restaurant was a short walk from out hotel so we decided to give it a try. We went around noon for lunch and there was a short line but the wait was only about 15 minutes. The food was great. The charbroiled oysters were amazing. We also tried the boom boom shrimp not pictured that were also good. The fried fish and shrimp were great also. I definitely will be returning when I come back.Came here at 3:00 PM on a popular vacation day, waited about 30-40 minutes.  The service was pretty atrocious, but I could hardly blame the waiter as he looked way overworked.
Sadly, I think the highlight of my meal were the raw oysters, but those are pretty much the same as any other spot in the French Quarter.  I found the chargrilled oysters way too salty with the parmesan, in my opinion.  My family made the mistake of ordering additional food, which was lackluster to say the most.  I had the New Orleans Medley and it tasted like something I'd get at a TGI Friday's.I would never look at oysters the same again. There is no wrong way  to have it here. Grilled, raw, etc, just do it. The line is something that will scare you, but good things are worth  waiting for.....NO GREAT things are worth waiting for. This includes the 10 napkin po boy, and of course, the OYSTER po boyA must-go to place if you are in New Orleans. And why? Because of the chargrilled oysters. So amazing! Chargrilled to perfection with butter and parmesan. Also served with a french loaf so you can soak up all that butter and parmesan. Simply amazing. Had the po-boy for my meal which was also good. I dreamt about those oysters that night!Who goes to Acme Oyster house and orders a po' boy? Me! Boy, that was a big mistake. The po' boy was a huge disappointment. That bread was SO hard and stale I ended up just eating the protein inside. I think the menu even said it was a "famous" po' boy. Hmmm.
I will say that the charred oysters are TOTALLY worth the wait in the line. The few times I have been, the wait wasn't too bad. Anything longer than 30 mins is too long for me... but we got a table within 20 minutes and the line does move pretty fast here. My friends enjoyed their dishes, but I really think the only thing I would recommend here are the oysters. Don't go to a oyster house and order anything else but oysters. That was my mistake. 
The char grilled oysters come out fresh and piping hot, you can even see the guy making them in one section of the restaurant. Don't forget to dip your french bread into the nice butter afterwards. So good.  Learn from my lesson and just stick to the basics when ordering.  
P.S. The door person will catch some attitude with you. Not sure if it's a happening spot and they felt entitled, but I didn't think it was warranted especially since I was not inebriated like most folks waiting in line.If you get a chance to go, go.
Acme came highly recommended, so it was a place we had to check out.
We were also prepped  - there will be a wait, try the charbroiled oysters, and food is  good.  Personally, I can attest to 2 of the 3.  There is a wait and the food is good.  I didn't get a chance to try the charbroiled oysters, just the raw ones, but I wish I had.  From someone else I went with, she said they were delish!  I can see how the wait can frustrate but once I understood that unless you're with an unusually large party, they seat you when that same size table opens up.  So if you're a party of 5 that came first before a party of 4, but a table clears for a party of 4, they are going to seat them first.  With this location being as busy as it is, I get why they do it this way.  And in all honesty, it didn't appear that any 1 party waited more than 20 to 30 minutes while we were there.
I had the 1/2 fish, 1/2 oyster dinner and it was good.  Portion size was big enough for me not to finish it all.  From start to finish, this was a great meal and a must go back on any future trips to New Oreleans.Juicy chargrilled oysters!
Place is a bit off of bourbon. Came here around 1030pm so it wasn't that packed. Still had to wait and make sure our whole party was present before getting seated.
The oysters were quite delish. I don't know if I can eat a whole dozen since it's quite buttery and oily. But the 2 pcs I ate were very good. 
Also tried the jambalaya and the gumbo. It was pretty good. But a bit overpriced since the the dishes were really small. 
Service was pretty good. They seem to have a good system running the business since it gets super crowded. Saw this place when we passed Bourbon and everyone said this place was a must try!