OMG!!! I love this place! Food is fresh and delicious. Our bartender, Laura, was amazing!!! Drinks were excellent!!! I will be back again and again!This is an awesome intimate venue. The margaritas are delicious.  Owner and his team are awesome. Well worth the experience.A happy hour that starts at 9pm!? Instant 5 stars. No but for real, the food is delish and the chips and salsa are bottomless. I can't complain. I had the 3 tacos with chicken and steak and it was divine. Like for real. Thanks Tabitha for the stellar service too.Let me say, I don't even care for Mexican food! However, my husband loves it, so we found this awesome new place in Mid City. It was fabulous!!! We got the 2 lane burrito, enough for 2 and full of fresh ingredients!! Great service, the bartender made me a special drink not on menu. They have a rooftop bar also!!! Loved it!If you go for anything, go for the crab cakes. They . We loved everything we ate. They just opened and the space is clean and modern, the rooftop dining area is a wonderful addition to the atmosphere. We live in the neighborhood and will definitely be back!
Also, our lovely server, Bell, informed us that they have 2 happy hours! Mon-Fri. 3-6pm and 9-11pm!Go here now! If you are scrolling yelp for places to eat, this will not disappoint. 
The food quality was fresh, delicious, and came out in a timely manner. 
The service was top notch. We were so pleased with our service. Our server was friendly, and knowledgeable. We had a couple other people touch our table ensuring that our visit was satisfactory. We departed with genuine smiles and goodbyes from the staff. 
The margaritas have a delightful craft taste. We look forward to trying more margaritas next time we visit. 
Keep up the good work. See y'all soon.The food at Agave House was excellent, and they're margaritas were even better!  Alex S. was our server, and she was awesome as well.  Great service, and the food came quickly but not too fast.  We'll definitely be back!Mexican food is my absolute favorite, being so this new restaurant is able to accommodate that and also offer Cajun/creole influences. Their menu offers quesadillas and crawfish nachos as well, it is with this wonderful versatility that gave me the opportunity to try new dishes but still comfortable enough to know I'd find something on the menu I'd love. Our server Tiffany was very knowledgeable & entertaining.Delicious Mexican style Restaurant! Our waiter Alexia S. Was really sweet and attentive! She recommended us great places to visit here in New Orleans! Thank yo uso much!The staff was extremely friendly and the food had an excellent blend of spices and flavors. Would definitely recommend to anyone visiting the areaFirst and last time they will get my business. Honestly, I've shown so much patience tonight. We've officially been here an hour and a half and finally got our food, well the first plate of tacos. It took a half hour just to order a drink, and even longer to get it. The hostess ended up bringing us our queso and chips. He keeps apologizing, but he's not doing any better of a job. It's very clear that our waiter has plenty of time for fun with his larger table than literally all of his other tables, but whatever. I hope they tip him well because that's all he's getting tonight. I have no idea why we didn't just walk out. Let's see how long it takes to get the second plate of tacos.
Two hour mark update: Once we got the manager involved, suddenly everything was running smoothly. The tacos and drinks are very delicious. All the other waiters seem to be doing their job very well. BUT if you ever get Bryant, run!The service was excellent. Food was also: it was delicious, fresh and came out fast. There was 2 for 1 Margaritas and they definitely quality drinks!I really want to love this place because I live in Mid City and I am loving the restaurants that are opening up on Banks St but Agave comes up a little short for me. I think the city is becoming oversaturated with Mexican restaurants and Agave is a part of this trend. I've been 3 times but every time I go, I wish some changes were made. First, it's expensive for what it is. Everything on the menu should be 2-3$ less than what it is. It's pricier than most other Mexican joints in the city. Secondly, it's so dark inside. The decor makes for not the most pleasant ambience. Third, every time I go the happy hour changes. I went last night with a friend to do the 3-6 happy hour but was informed they stopped doing it on Friday's!! Who doesn't do Happy Hour on Friday's?! That doesn't make sense and I was very disappointed (it even listed happy hour Friday's on the menu still)! Again, I really want to like this place but it lacks consistency. Hopefully this is "new place working out kinks and figuring out what it wants to be" and it will work to improve on some things. I'd suggest starting with the menu first: create some more affordable dishes, drop the random items (burger, pasta) and hone in on what you do best: Mexican.Consistently great. Happy hour is a real bargain and taco Tuesdays are always on point. Their nachos could feed a football team. Let's just say it's hefty.Great spot. We were looking for somewhere to get some good Mexican late on a Tuesday night. Luckily, we found Agave, which was open until 11 on a weeknight! Loved the decor. Me and the wife loved the crawfish nachos. Ty's service was great as well! Can't wait to come back!The food was really tasty and our server was beyond great. We ate on the rooftop, pleasant experienceOne more Mexican restaurant again?  Yup, but this one is refreshingly good.  Friendly staff with delicious dishes equals a winner!  The outdoor terrace is a plus to enjoy some grub or their happy hour drinks.  Welcome to the neighborhood!Ty was our server tonight and was amazing! We live down the street, but have only been here once before then learned about ladies night and we'll def be back for him! Thanks TY!I tried to give the bartender-tress my phone to write this review, and she refused. Wanted it to be more authentic. And that's what you'll get here. Real authentic food, drinks and REAL hospitality! Will recommend to anyone!Solid surprise. We were looking for something new and new it is. Found this little gem on FB and decided to give it a try. All I can say is we will be back and often. 
I decided to try the jalapeño margarita and it was refreshing with a kick. I wasn't sure if I liked it so I got a second one and well you know....
Get the queso and order the salsa to start, both are very good. We then ordered the butcher's choice and also the steak tacos. Again no complaints here everything was great. You will be pleasantly surprised by both the fries and the rice. It was hard to leave room for dessert by glad we did. 
For dessert we ordered the tres leches and the churro ice cream. 
When you go make sure you ask for Bell. She was absolutely great and made our night that much better.Meh. This isn't Mexican food. They have a reservation system for no reason. The hostess was slumped over the host stand next to us all night and aside from greeting people at the door seemed to not have a job because everything other than that greeting required management involvement. Our server was great, but the food was mediocre at best.  The menu is limited and seems to be inspired by Chili'sSo excited to have a new restaurant with a great patio and roof top! The food and cocktails are on point as well! You must try the butcher's choice - super tender steak covered in chimichurri sauce! Come see Laura at the bar!Great margaritas, huge portions, amazing service, and friendly management. They are happy to make food modifications for vegetarians too. I would definitely come by again. Loves it!Awesome service and a great bartender! Thanks Angela for recommending the spicy mango margarita! It was AMAZING! Def be back for the drinksReally cool atmosphere .. we were greeted as soon as we walked in. There's a really nice tequila selection and the rosé sangria is really good. We had the crab cake as an appetizer - it was reasonably priced and very good! Our main dishes were simply amazing and you can tell they were prepared with quality fresh ingredients. Definitely will be back.I used to love this place back when it was a Mexican restaurant. I went away for a month then came back to see all the things I loved to be snapped out of existence except the southwest egg rolls although that was their best dish.PSA the menu has COMPLETELY changed and there is NOTHING vegetarian and ALSO no QUESO for FREE!!!! I felt DEEPLY swindled. However, the balcony was nice.Ordered the chicken salad. It was delivered soggy and the chicken tastes like it's from a can.Good service is sometimes hard to come by but here there's no shortage. Very friendly staff and lots of smiles. Since it was my first visit I kept it simple and ordered chips and queso, tres steak tacos, and a beer. What could go wrong? Nothing did really go wrong but nothing was that great either. The queso was really salty and the tacos were ok. What's bizarre is that everything about the tacos was an up charge including crema, queso fresco, even pico de gallo. Kind of a nickel and dime move for a $16 plate of tacos, rice and beans. All that being the case I tried to stay positive and was excited when my food arrived until I went for the hot sauce. Tabasco and Crystal were my choices. Tapatio, Cholula, or any of the sort would've been nice considering I'm not eating gumbo.Agave house is NOT 'New Mexican' cuisine anymore - still very good! 
They changed the menu sometime this week. No tacos, no queso. We ordered spinach artichoke dip, sweet and sour wings, southwest rolls and the burger with fries. 
Everything came out piping hot and clearly very fresh. All the flavors were spot on. Good amount of spice. The wings were the best - such a good balance of flavor and heat. Everything else we ordered was tied for second. The only weird thing was the burger. It had no ketchup or mayo. Some people might like that but I happily doused mine in the jalapeño ranch that came with the southwest rolls. Also the burger had finely shredded, processed cheddar that was the weird bright orange color... but it was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the toasted bun was awesome. 
 I like the layout with the kitchen upfront behind frosted glass. You can tell the chefs are really cooking not just microwaving or scooping half warm stuff. Partner said the patio looked very cool. 
Service was so friendly and attentive. Gave us water while we decided if we should stay after seeing the menu change...so glad we did! 50% off on Fridays for hospital workers so we'll definitely be back.Sorry but when you go to a Mexican expecting Mexican food only to be handed a menu that has...WELL no Mexican dishes on it you get 1 star. Had this place on my radar for a while with the outdoor seating areas and tastee looking Mexican dishes I was ready to chow. Not only was the menu completely swapped to New Orleans creole but the prices went up to 3x from what they had for the previous menu. I went for lunch and entrees were about $20 and just not what I had anticipated or craved to eat when I had viewed the menu and pictures previously. The staff was nice and tried to be accommodating as I am sure I wasn't the first to have this sort of reaction but sorry you can't just do a 180 without alerting people or perhaps a change of name away from Agave. On top of the menu flop I asked my waiter for a drink menu which apparently they don't have. I requested a specific beer which he said they did not have although walking past the bar on my way out they clearly did...and yes I mentioned it to him as I departed. One of the items ordered came out incorrectly as well. I do have to mention the manager was very on top of things trying to accommodate the downfalls but not sure that helped my displeasure with the menu conundrum or the basic service errors. :(I really wanted to like this place after seeing so many good reviews about it, but it was nothing I expected it to be. This is not your traditional Mexican restaurant, but I was excited to see what they had to offer. A couple of my friends and I visited this place around 10PM on a Friday night. We were seated at a booth and given menus. We were lucky to come during their late night happy hour with 2 for 1 Margaritas, Draft Beers, and Bottled Beers. The menu was small, but we spent a while trying to figure out what to order. We ended up ordering their Bottomless Salsa and Chips, Shrimp Enchiladas, a Steak Tulane Burrito, a Chicken Mid-City Quesadilla, a Pina Colada Margarita, a Strawberry Margarita, and a Churro Ice Cream Sandwich. 
The margaritas came not too long after we ordered and I was excited have some alcohol after having a long week. With the first sip of my margarita, I tasted mostly sugar! It was way too sweet and I did not taste much alcohol at all. The food looked better than they tasted. Everything was just okay to us, nothing too exciting or good. I usually clean my entire plate at restaurants, but I just ate half and saved the rest for lunch the next day. The Churro Ice Cream Sandwich looked awesome and we were excited to try it! We were quickly disappointed when the churros were hard and the dessert itself was hard to even eat. 
Overall, a decent place to grab some Mexican grub with a good happy hour. It is a pretty new restaurant, so I probably still make my way to try it again in the future.Delicious margs! Love the house jalapeño- infused tequila. Food was either too salty or not salty enough and a tad pricey. But I will be back for happy hour on the rooftop and give it another shot.First time here. The place is actually pretty big got a nice little upstairs that seems like a good place for happy hour. The place is quite big with patio and rooftop. The staff still needs some training, the sauces were too water down. Food was ok but not great and it was a little cold. I think they are pretty new, and they have room for improvement. Hopefully they improve so I can come back again and get me some Mexican food.I enjoyed our departure from the norm on our visit. This is a beautiful restaurant with good food, great service and clean facilities. I could give it another shot.  The overall rating from everyone st the table ranged to 3.5. 
I felt the crab cake was too breaded and spicy. The enchiladas must've been reheated, but ended up being hard under the sauce topping.Awesome!!! Alex S. Greeted us and welcomed us in with open arms!!! She was so pleasant and amazing!! Margaritas are awesome!! We tried everyone but I especially like margarita cooler! Chips and salsa, crawfish queso nachos and steak quesadilla!!!
Ask for Alex S. She is amazing!!!My best friend and I decided to go to agave house during thanksgiving break. On that particular Wednesday the waitress told us they had a 2 for 1 special on margaritas. She also told us the margaritas were half off of their usual $8 price, meaning the margaritas would be $4. So we ordered 2 margaritas each because it is TWO FOR ONE. When the check came the waitress charged us for each margarita. When we explained to her that 2 for 1 means you get two items for the price of one she told us that is not true (????) she claims 2 for 1 means that you multiply the price of the drink twice. In all honesty I think once it's a slow night for agave house they will con their patrons price wise in order to keep their lights on. The manager rectified the price and said they no longer run the 2 for 1 special (that is a lie because they are still advertising it in December) 
Also once the price was rectified the waitress stole the cash that was supposed to be used for the check (and yes we told her deliberately that the cash was going towards the check) and put everything on the credit card. I had to call the manager again to rectify this. If you want quick and better Mexican food go to Felipe's. 
Agave house is a headache when your bill comes and the margaritas are loaded with sugar!
P.S. Also throughout our time at the restaurant the waitress kept pressuring us to order food. We weren't hungry so we ordered French fries that were nothing to write home about.This venue seems like it will be at its prime when the weather outside is nice as they have an upstairs patio and downstairs patio that gives it more seating outside than inside.  The service is above average for a Mexican joint and this place actually serves some unique items that are a bit different than the typical Mexican joint like pasta, crab cakes and a burger.  The enchiladas were a bit on the small side for my appetite as were the tacos.  The flavor of everything could have used quite a bit more spice kick to it for my taste.  The drink menu had quite a varied selection and didn't offer that many margarita options compared to what other Mexican themed joints typically offer.  
Overall it is a decent place for a meal if you aren't that hungry for an entree to fill you up and don't mind depending more on the rice and beans to fill you up.Awesome !!! Best bar tenders and food ! Great drink specials !!!! Must Go !!!! Love this place !This place is way overhyped, especially for the price point... The margaritas were way too sweet and basically syrupy. The queso was the equivalent of Tostito's in the jar. If you're looking for great Mexican food in the city, there's so many other options besides this place - don't waste your time.Has Groupon for Mexican food. See pic of Groupon. See pics of menu. Nothing is Mexican food. Beer had expired. My salad was half of what I'd get at Avery's and flavorless. Prolly a bad sign when we only ones here 6:45 - 8Super great service from Alex S! She was wonderful. Margaritas were delicious! Spicy Mango Margarita had the right combination of sweet and spicy. Will definitely be back for Saints game day with bottomless margaritas!I came here after a long stroll through City Park. It was the free queso and Churro Ice Cream Sandwich that got me to come. The place is quite small. There were about 7-8 tables. I can't really tell for sure since they put a few tables together to seat a large birthday party. Who were so loud that my husband and I couldn't even hear each other talking. There is outside seating though, which is nice.
Our queso and tacos came out before our drinks. The queso wasn't great. It had a strong cheese flavor, but the flavor was so flat. The texture was pretty bad. It tasted and felt floury, almost gritty. You know when you cook cheese for too long and the fat separates from the milk and water? That texture. The nachos were really oily too.Taco bell has better queso. As for the tacos, $12 for three steak tacos. We got a side of rice and beans with it. The tacos were kind of bland and the meat was kind of dry. The green sauce that came with it was too tart to pair with. If the meat had been a bit more fatty it would've been fine. 
The wait staff situation had me confused. At first there seemed to be 2 servers. Then, the bartender started walking around, checking in tables. Then, more unfamiliar faces started walking around, looking for plates to clean up. Also, nobody asked me if I needed a highchair. I asked for some to-go containers and it took a while to get them. I had to stick my arm up in the air and wave like a mad woman to get their attention. You know, the "oh, pick me. Pick me." 
I wouldn't come again. There are better places that's closer to my house. Feel free to come check it out yourself. Maybe it's your cup of tea. 
PS. They no longer serve the churro ice cream sandwich.Amazing service and food! Great atmosphere to bring your friends and family around ! Also amazing outside court yard and balcony !We arrived at 7:00 PM with a party of eight (8), and didn't leave until 10:30 PM. You would think that we had a jolly good time because we were there for so long but that was hardly the case. When we originally informed the hostess of our party size, we we're told the wait would be between 30 to 45 minutes. We decide to wait. As we were waiting, we were noticing that people who arrived much later then us were being seated. We also noticed that the hosted was appeared to be waiting for two table to magically open up at the same exact time instead on strategically holding a table open that next to another table that was wrapping up.  When we asked the hostess about it, she had an attitude and suggested we spilt the party up. We decided to continue waiting and waiting and waiting.  45 minutes came and went again. When yet another several set of people were seated again before us the hostess notice my party starting to visibly show signs of agitation given we were waiting for over an hour. She storms over, with an attitude, and then suggest we spilt the party up. Prior to this moment, two (2) had already bailed and at this moment two (2) more bail. Four (4) remained. The hungry ones. 
With our current size, we got seated after over 90 minutes of waiting. As we get seated, we all can't help be notice that there were three (3) tables put together but only one table was being utilized. Therefore, at any point the hostess could've pulled those tables apart to seat my party but that's neither here nor there. We get seated and immediately place out orders. It was advertised that it was ultimately taco night. The first three (3) arrived after 30 minutes. The second set of two (2) arrived after another 30 minutes and the same time frame incurred for the last set. All in all, it took over 90 minutes to get only seven (7) tacos and this was with one party bailing an hour in. 
The taco's themselves were okay. The pork and chicken being dry and the shrimp being the best option but $5 more. It would've have been nice to have napkins while eating but I had to ask for them several times before being given three (3) for the entire table that had four (4) people sitting. Ultimately, after three (3) hours plus another half hour waiting for the bill and getting it corrected, the experience was not worth it the wait. Had the restaurant been properly staffed, some of these problems might have been mitigated but that's a sign of poor management early on. After all, it was taco Tuesday at a Mexican restaurant that offered multiple specials to draw in a crowd.   
This maybe the longest yelp review I've written but that just might be because the experience I had at this restaurant was a complete and utterly disappointment.So I literally went to this restaurant 2 weeks ago & had Mexican food which is always really good. I went back yesterday & the entire menu was different. The restaurant is still called Agave House but they are now under new ownership & it's no longer a Mexican restaurant. I was so disappointed because I go there often & no one said anything about the changes when I arrived.The best part of our visit was the friendly server.  The food was room temperature, very slow to arrive, and not worth the wait.  The rice in the burritos as well as the rice served with the enchiladas was undercooked.  I don't recall ever having Mexican food quite as bland.The Mexican food here was tasteful and fresh.  The tequila and drinks were inviting.  However, there is no Mexican food. Save your dime, time and parking.  What they serve now you can get anywhere in NOLA.This place was nothing short of awesome. The staff was so incredibly friendly and the food was incredible. My family and I sat in courtyard for lunch, which was a quiet and beautiful place for us to enjoy our meal and conversation. There was also a patio on the rooftop, again very charming with lots of ambience. 
I got the shrimp enchiladas which were so tasty... three good size enchiladas filled with gulf shrimp topped with a creamy seafood sauce. The rice and beans were seasoned to perfection. 
My parents both got tacos (blackened gulf shrimp and redfish) and were also wowed. 
The desserts looked great, however, the portions were huge and we all walked away with to go boxes full as can be so we did not try any. 
The waitress chatted with us and informed us of all their specials. If you follow them on social media, you can see all their deals (happy hour, taco Tuesday-- buy one get one taco entree, etc.) 
I will definitely be back for more.Live downtown , however found this wonderful restaurant by accident .  Took the Canal Street Car to Betsy's pancake House. Got off then walked approximate 3 blocks .  Had delicious margarita's  , and I had a burrito .....oh my gosh it was the best !Agave House is such a cute lil' chill spot. 
Glad i discovered this spot just in time for National Margarita Day! They had $2.22 Avion Margarita specials all day! I hear that the Jalapeno margarita is a winner. I will definitely try on next venture in.
Taco Tuesday with all-you-can-eat tacos for $9.95! Leeeeeegit amazing. Can upgrade to $14 to seafood taco that consist of redfish & shrimp in which i absolutely loved. Fum atmosphere and really great people working there!Been a few times since they have opened.
Great Mexican food and great weekday drink specials. 
Cannot wait for nicer weather, their outside space is AMAZING!!!Came here for the first time, blindly after purchasing a Groupon.  Was pleasantly surprised and was glad that we did.  The menu is varied and the food was delicious.  It is a small restaurant, and well worth the wait if they're busy.  We will certainly return when we visit New Orleans next year.Live downtown , however found this wonderful restaurant by accident .  Took the Canal Street Car to Betsy's pancake House. Got off then walked approximate 3 blocks .  Had delicious margarita's  , and I truly enjoyed my meal .. servers terrific and the cook was excellent .. everything fresh !Service was amazing from start to finish! You walk in and hostess greats you with a smile. Our waiter Brad and Liz were great, attentive and friendly! On top of our order and drinks. Always checking in but not over doing it. 
I would say food was ok... Flavors aren't over powering. Prices are great. I mean all you can eat tacos for $15. Where else can you get that???Nothing special about the food but it was tasty! I would definitely recommend this place and we will be coming back again! 
Ps. Balcony is a plusSmall quaint space, with good food. Neighborhood parking can get a little tight. Our waitress was very attentive. The chips was fresh and yummy. All our entrees was tasty. Loved the art on the walls. We can't wait to go back. NOLAkidseatFood was just ok. Ordered the chicken quesadilla. It had minimal chicken in it. It was served with the tiniest serving of sour cream and pico. Not worth it.The staff is really nice. The tacos were a little bit sad..not enough meat on them. Also the burritos,lots of rice,not so much meat.The bottomless chips are a plus specially when you come with kids.I went here for my birthday; thanks to a special offer I received on Facebook. I could get any entree and one margarita for FREE! The ambiance is very mellow, intimate, and chill. I think it could be a great place for dates. My server was named Brad, and he was so sweet and courteous to me. I ordered the Butcher's Choice (beef steak and steak fries), Carla's Queso, and an Italian Margarita. I got my steak 'medium well', and it was exceptional. I was really into the Butcher fries, because they were like steak fries but really thin and crispy. If I recall, they were topped with pesto and parmesan cheese. The Italian Margarita is definitely a sweet drink for those that don't like the taste of alcohol, like myself! Also, the Queso is a MUST!!Agave House has the potential to become one of my favorite places to chill once I try out the rooftop and it gets warmer. I only ordered a burrito, which was good enough with tender meats and a huge portion. The hookah options look good as well. The service was good and the server was especially attentive to refilling water and chips. This place seems good for the young crowd. Parking is easy and it's good to have this type of food option in the area.
Most importantly, they have good chips and salsa. I'll be back.This Cozy, Mexican Gem is situated on Banks Street and offers a tasty menu, daily drink specials especially the Spicy Mango Tequila, and comforting food with healthy options. Our waitress, Alex S. was friendly, courteous and very professional. Definitely looking forward to another trip to NOLA to feast on some great Mexican food in the future!Ordered the queso, steak tacos, and shrimp enchiladas. The steak tacos were kinda blah. I personally didn't find the meat to be seasoned enough. The queso was good as queso usually is. Chips were thick and hearty. Rice was really good. Beans were kinda blah. Shrimp enchiladas were pretty good. They were the star of the show for me. They also have good deals going for certain days. Overall, I'd go again and make sure I ordered the shrimp enchiladas. Also, the mural on the wall is gorgeous!!!!The only thing left on the menu that's "Mexican" is the Southwest Egg Rolls. My mom was so happy to finally take me there, but was surprised when we were handed the new menus. The last time she'll ever go there, and she got the cheeseburger... at a " Mexican" restaurant. Service was lacking. The bartender/server was flipping through the channels on the bar tv while our food was sitting around under the heat lamp. I had to turn to the cook and ask "is it self serve?" before he, not the server, brought it to our table. The blonde bartender/server should find a new job at a non-failing restaurant and not ignore the poor, unsuspecting customers who come looking for Mexican food. 
We only stayed because my mom had already paid for the Groupon.This new restaurant did not disappoint!
I liked the patio and the rooftop, even though they do not have a view, the place was cozy and had good music. The inside dining area has a lot of character, I loved it!
The service was A+ !!!! We sat on the roof, and we never felt that service was slow or poor. Even though the waitress had to go up and down the stairs all the time, she was very attentive, and on top of our requests.
Dishes were really big, consider sharing. All the food was very tasty! The unlimited salsa was soooo good! Homemade, thick, and very flavorful!
The shrimp enchiladas and the steak burrito were really good.
The only reason why I downgraded to 4 stars is because my blackened shrimp tacos were way too salty! But honestly, the food was good. I never eat the side yellow rice or the beans, and this time I could not stop eating any of them.
I did not have any drinks, but I am going back on either Thursday or Sunday for the unlimited margaritas!Was expecting to come and have some Latin flare but I got here and the menu has changed to New Orleans cuisine. Wtf? They just changed the menu the Monday before Jazz Fest. Well since I am here I may as well try some food!!!  It's tasty!! I had a few of their starters which were all very good.  Entrees are a little pricey.The food was good but if you're looking for authentic Mexican this is not
It. More like MexiMerican. But again, it was good, service was fast and prompt atmosphere was intimate.Ordered take out from Agave House a couple of nights ago. Love the convenience of delivery. The food was really tasty but seriously!! Way too much Salt!!! Please reduce the salt.I like this place a lot,good service and food , i would be back ... nice chill place with roof top diningBroooo round of applause for the cook tonight!! He handled them orders with ease ... but first of all the food is sooo damn goood and fresh!!! I never eat pico but I ate it today me and my boyfriend ordered the Southwest rolls , chicken quesadillas, chicken burrito, burger & the Caesar salad. This is our new spot . VERY AFFORDABLE PRICES. I want some more now thinking about it  but I highly recommend this play to anyone & plus it's close to my home ! The burger melts in your mouth ! Wow we would definitely be back SOON.Stale chips.  Got to have fresh chips at a minimum.  Nachos were good.  Tacos not interesting.  Received delivery, so no comment on restaurant ambiance.Solid surprise. We were looking for something new and new it is. Found this little gem on FB and decided to give it a try. All I can say is we will be back and often. 
I decided to try the jalapeño margarita and it was refreshing with a kick. I wasn't sure if I liked it so I got a second one and well you know....
Get the quest and order the salsa to start, both are very good. We then ordered the butcher's choice and also the steak tacos. Again no complaints here everything was great. You will be pleasantly surprised by both the fries and the rice. It was hard to leave room for dessert by glad we did. 
For dessert we ordered the tres leches and the churro ice cream. 
When you go make sure you ask for Bell. She was absolutely great and made our night that much better. 
6/14/19
So we go back to Agave house. Sit down and realize that Agave house is no more. Every time we went it was packed, food was good and more importantly drinks were great. 
Should have known something was up when we walked in at 8:00 on a Friday and it was empty. I mean deserted island empty. Nothing enticed us so we left and ended up at Johnny Sanchez about 5 minutes away.We also went in with a Groupon expecting Mexican food. The menu has shrimp pasta, crawfish pasta, oysters, and poboys. All are very overpriced. 
We got a dozen charbroiled oysters which are pretty much impossible to mess up since they are cheese and butter. They were $20 and came out soggy and below average. We stuck with apps as entrees are way overpriced. 
In memory of Mexico we got the jalapeño margarita- these were the highlight and possibly worth the price. 
Groupon didn't work in the end which caused frustration by everyone. 
There are so many good places in New Orleans that this one does not keep up. No need to go.I stop in for drinks with friends. What a hidden little gem. I can't wait for the spring to enjoy the upstairs patio! The bartender Angela was super nice and helpful. Make sure to try her HennyRita! I'm usually Leary of "restaurant" guacamole but I will say this one was outstanding and I highly recommend it. I can't wait to go back to Agave House
Update:
This place went from 5 stars to 2! I loved the Mexican restaurant. Now it serves New Orleans style food! Big mistake it's in a neighborhood with 5 other restaurants with the same menu. I'm not sure who will be ordering gumbo on the rooftop in the middle of summer when it's 90 degrees out! It's also weird because the restaurant still has a Mexican theme with no Mexican food!Alex s was a great waitress  food was top notch highly recommended. Home fries with pesto was my favorite.We enjoyed the food we had here. Love the place and the friendly workers. We had tacos, quesadillas chips & salsa. I really enjoyed everything wasn't crazy about the rice that could just be me. We will definitely return. Looking forward to sitting outside as soon as it cools off.Steak tacos with jalepeno ranch were awesome and the chimichurri pesto fries were great!   Fantastic food and super service from Alex S.  We will definitely be back!They're ok at best. I really didn't think they deserved a 5-star rating based on the flavor of the food overallReal good spot..worth the trip ..the mango jalepeno margarita and shrimp enchiladas are the bomb....Nothing Special
We went here to try it out on a Groupon with family. I ordered the combo tacos with half fish and half shrimp blackened. The fish wasn't fresh tasting, as I know what fresh fish taste like being an avid local angler. I specifically told the waiter I would only order this if the fish was fresh; he said it was. The black beans and rice were nothing special that accompanied the dish. Beans probably canned. This place dose not serves complementary nacho chips and salsa like most other Mexican restaurants. But we ordered it even though I didn't see it specifically on the menu. The prices here seem to be on the high end for being a small neighborhood place. The menu is very limited and on that note you would think that the items would be at least good.If you are looking for authentic Mexican food, this is not the place. Nothing memorable. I had the guacamole, salsa, queso and all 3 were mehhh. Had the fish and shrimp tacos, again nothing memorable. They do have great drink specials, so definitely check them out for that.  I probably wouldn't return.