Love the food. Carni italanie pizza awesome. Great beer selection. Spedoni superb. Great and friendly service. Been back 3 times, and plan to return.This place is so good!  There are so many choices that you can't try everything on one visit.  Great atmosphere, great service, and amazing pizza!! Will definitely be back to try more! The staff was very helpful and knowledgable about the menu.  The bar is beautiful and they have a great happy hour with different nightly specials.I had the chicken Marsala and it was just amazing.  Best I've had.  My only complaint was that I'd prefer torn or prepared basil on my captese salad.Went here today for lunch for their $5.00 pizza since it was their 2 year anniversary.  Well, the table next to us arrived 5 minutes before us and table of three.  We were the 2nd table to be sat.  They received all three pizzas very quickly and got their bills and we still didn't get our one pizza.  I asked the rude waitress and she said there was a bunch of pizzas before you.  Well, I wasn't going to argue with her.  We arrived at 11:30am pizza came to us at 12:10pm.  Pizza was delish.  Service needs huge improvement!Great service. Ok food. The ingredients seemed fresh, but the execution was average. Fried Oreos with salted caramel gelato were delicious though.I have to say, the few times I have been in here I was slightly disappointed. However today was amazing, with the best Saint Patrick's day specials starting off with $2.00 green beer and $2.00 Jameson's shots, followed with $5.00 pizzas! This was a treat! The staff was on point, and excited to see us. Food was out very quick, and the bartender was attentive and checked back to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. :):) best experience I've had in a long time! Keep up the good work friends! Great job!Went here tonight for a date. We split the cauliflower pizza and it was good. Could have used a little more salt. The service was very friendly and attentive. They had one of the most amazing wines that I've had at a restaurant.I ate here Thurs and will be going back. The decor is old school Italian with lots of wood and I felt comfortable in shorts at the bar but would be just as good for a dressed up date night with the wife. The draft beer selection was large and the bartender attentive even though they were very busy. 
They started me off with a martini glass of meatballs, apparently a Thursday special. While I was waiting for my pizza the folks next to me shared their calamari when they realized they had ordered to much food and it was was crispy and tasty. I had the Shrimp Diavolo pizza and it was fresh shrimp in a spicy marinara sauce. Liked it a lot and having it baked in a brick oven makes such a difference. 
All in all I had a great time watching the Saints game with good food and cold beer and am sure to be back with my wife because they had a big menu of Italian dishes I want to try.We celebrated our tenth anniversary here, our waiter was very nice and the food was very good. the owners were sitting right behind us and made us feel very welcome at their restaurant. If we lived in New Orleans we would go every week.Service was decent. I work up the way and thought I would have a bomb pizza. I was wrong. The pizza was extremely hot.  But the cheese was sliding off of the pizza, too much marinara I suppose. It just was not a good pizza.The pizza was ok and the wings were ok, but I will NEVER RETURN TO THIS RESTAURANT BECAUSE THERE WAS GLASS IN OUR ICE CREAM when the
hubby and I ordered the fried Oreos. The waiter took the dessert off the bill and apologized and took the plate away instantly. I saw the other wait staff looking at the glass on our plate and discussing it in disbelief. The manager came over and offered us free appetizer and drinks on our next meal and gave us her card. But we decided we'll never go there ever again in life!One star because of the awful service. Female server forgot to put in a pizza order (took 80 minutes to arrive), refused to admit her mistake, then refused to comp my single draft beer in return. Hostile attitude for no reason; I was polite. Worst service I've ever had in New Orleans considering our cutthroat restaurant business. She didn't forget to add her 18% because of our party of 7. Wow. 
The pizza itself was good, or just seemed that way considering how starving I was after the wait.The service was good tonight, it was the food that we're deeming two-star quality. The price is the same for a spaghetti & meatball dinner as it is at Vincent's, but at Vincent's you get breadsticks, salad, soup, and higher quality pasta! I don't think two meatballs and a cup of pasta should be all you get for the price. At least slap a piece of garlic bread on those fancy (plain white) triangular plates!Awful service. different servers could not explain questions about dishes the menu. They have no idea how food is prepared nor did they seem to care if I had any questions answered. I felt like I was bothering them to even inquireHad a great time at $5 pizza Thursday.  I thought the food and coffee were excellent.  Looking forward to coming back a lot.Went to experience a pleasant evening with my wife, but was very disappointing.  Hostess sat us and gave us menus.  I asked for the wine list which showed up after waiting on our server.  The server only explained the happy hour till 6 after we complained about the wine prices $$$$.  The wine list is very limited and expensive.  Then once we ordered wine, we were later briefed on the special.
Food was very mediocre.  Too many other great choices on Magazine which are much cheaper to go back.Amazing pizza great happy hour specials. Always stop here when I come to New Orleans.Looking for a place to dine al fresco on a glorious spring Sunday, we grabbed a sidewalk table at Amici. The people watching was spectacular, but was the highlight of the meal.
Service: Attentive, although my friend swore our waiter was stoned :) I attempted to order the brucioluni (sp?) first, but the waiter said it wasn't fresh, so he gets props from me for not letting me order something he knew wasn't up to par - but I was still disappointed that one of my favorite Italian dishes was not to be....
Appetizer: Bruscetta was good and the kitchen added a 4th piece to the order since there were 4 of us dining.
Pizza: I didn't taste anyone else's, but the roasted cauliflower pizza came highly recommended by a friend, so I went for it. Although the menu says all pizzas are cooked well done, the crust was only crispy on the edges and still soft in the menu. Since I love a crispy crust, I was disappointed in this. Also, the entire thing seemed to be missing seasoning. Even with the addition of oregano and red peppers, it was a bland, bland dish.
One app, 2 salads, 3 pizzas = $92 so it's not a cheap meal. I was left wishing it had been so much better.Husband and I love this Italian place! The atmosphere allows you to either dress up or dress down and at night it's dimly lit. Try the fried Oreos!First time in, drive by it all the time. I was feeling a little Italian tonight so we stopped in.  I had chicken parm and a gin and tonic both were equally as good.  The portions are huge. John got veal parm and a gin tonic. He was pleased with both. 
Go with an empty stomach!We had been here for happy hour & pizzas a few times.
Just dropped in for a drink, bar full, maitre ' directed us to a small bar table.  After ~10" no server, went to bar to order drinks, was told by bartender to sit back down a waitress would come.  Another 10", no service, hailed a waitress, who said she'd send someone; still no service.  Saw numerous empty bar seats, went up there but was told all seats were "being held".  Then, there was some sort of "server-spat"; we were made to feel very unwelcome, so left.
IDK what to say, previous visits had been pleasant.
You have been warned. . . . . . 
RickBest pizza in new orleans, wood oven pizza using only amazing ingredients, the happy hour deal is out of this workd, half price on any pizza and wine glass , no restriction!! Our waiter Willey was the best, so nice , quick and calm! Loved the experience, wish i could eat there everyday!I'll start by saying that this is one of the few diners on Magazine that has a parking lot for it's customers. So that's a bonus.
I didn't enjoy my food, but I would go back and try their pizza because the couple next to us pizza looked delicious. My lasagna wasn't hot and the meat was flavorless. It was a big portion but I did not care for it. However, my date said he did enjoy his chicken fettuccine.
The service was satisfactory as we walked right in and were seated around 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon.We came in on a Saturday night during the Champagne Stroll and sat within 10 minutes. We ordered a cheese board, mussels and a marghrita pizza to split between 2 adults and one child and everything was delicious. The cheese board had 3 sauces(pesto, olive salad and a reduced balsamic), 3 cheeses(Brie, goat cheese with cranberries, and a cheese with olives), and toast. I could haven eaten the goat cheese on its own. We had to ask for extra bread to scrap the bottom of the plate to sop up all of the sauce from the mussels it was that delicious. Jasmine was an awesome server very attentive and professional. I will definitely will be back again!It tastes like chef boyardee and or ragu u might as well go to Popeyes and get a $5 box for a home cooked mealThis is the worst dinner experience I have had in a very long time and I eat out a lot . We sat at the bar and didn't get a drink for 20 mins . The bar tender was new and did not know any thing about the menu so she said 
I asked about the meatballs and was told by another bartender yea they are  meatballs . 
I ordered the the Caprese salad which was nice looking 
but had no flavor at all . After ordering the chicken parmigiana and asked for garlic and olive oil on the pasta 
Which was received with with a poor attitude 
Dinner came and it was just a bowl of pasta and no chicken parmigiana . The bar tender copped another attitude  so we walked out  . After informing the manager 
Of the experience she seemed uninterested and said she didn't know what to do 
I live near by and will NEVER RETURN to such a poorly 
Run restaurant     DINER BEWARSAmici's great staff and specials have had me coming back for weeks! It's as if the more times I make the effort to show up the more of a home I've found. When Murat is bartending, I've felt this is one place on Magazine St. where being a local or regular is revered rather than ignored. Both the lighting and music are terrific for an enjoyable first date, celebration, or a quick drink at the bar. On Wednesdays they have half price bottles of wine and Thursday's $5 gourmet pizzas. They don't deliver but there appears to be an outside service that runs pizza from the bar every ten to fifteen minutes or so. Plus they have a great happy hour from 3-6pm everyday. If you ever need anything talk to Adam...he's a guy that can make it happen.I went to this restaurant because it was highly recommended by a friend, and I'm glad I did. We sat on the patio, which is covered and deters direct sunlight, and dined for lunch. The limoncello martini is very refreshing. It was perfect for a July 4h day on the town. Initially I ordered the ----
Nona Lena's Bruciuluni
19.00
Four pork medallions stuffed with beef, Italian sausage, egg & seasonings served with angel hair pasta and our marinara sauce
---- but it was dry and overcooked. I rarely send food back, but one bite and I was done. I ended up with the lasagna, and it was delicious. My server was A1, I didn't feel rushed, and he kept a great attitude the entire time. With the exception of the first dish, all of his recommendations were spot on. Everyone should come here at least once if visiting New Orleans.What can I say! The chicken parmigiana is amazing and gone the minute it is put in front of me. The wines and beer are plentiful. Great service and an amazing place to have some down to earth Italian! Will always be backLucked up on their Thursday special which was a bonus to already wonderful food. Pizzas are fantastic! So glad we stopped.After experiencing the Creole/Cajun liz in the French Quarter we felt it was time to try something plainer and different. Hence, this eatery.
Atmosphere  75      Spacious and in vogue
Service          65      Non existent
Food             70      Not what we expected and certainly not NY pizza
Value            70      High priced poor pizza
Perhaps a few beers or cocktails as openers a  might be worthwhille. Although I can not vouch for nay of the other eateries on Magazine Street I would recommend to keep looking..Food is great but $6.50 for a Cane Break thats brewed in Baton Rouge, Thats way over priced.Charcoal fired pizza carmelizes the toppings really nicely.  Service lacks a bit, but mostly from high turn over.  The food is good the service is spotty.I visited amici on a Friday night, and it was rather busy. The environment inside was welcoming, and our waiter was attentive and helpful. I ordered the Margherita pizza, and I loved it. I wish there were some additional toppings for the pizza. I would love to try some seafood options on the pizza in the future. Veggies and shrimp on one of their specialty pizzas sounds delicious.I'm not sure I get the craze about Amici. I've gone a couple times for specials and both times the pizza has just been okay. Once or twice for $5 pizza night which is always crowded and pizzas or hit miss and another time when it was much slower and pizzas still were just okay. Not a fan of the cauliflower pizza by their dipping sauces can make pretty much anything taste good. Being able to see the pizza oven in the back is neat but there are better places around for pizza. Service wasn't particularly friendly on any visit either. Mediocre pizza joint. I'd try something else if I went again with friends but if I'm choosing I'm not picking Amici their prices are a little steep for what it is.I had a group visiting me and we came here for some dinner before continuing onto our fun night.  Everyone enjoyed their meal a lot and I was sampling what everyone had.  I'd only been here before to meet friends for drinks so I'm glad I got a chance to sit down and have some food.
They have a rule posted that says no backwards caps, tank tops, or white t-shirts which I'd never noticed before.  Well wouldn't you know it, I was wearing a backwards cap, my buddy was wearing a white t-shirt, and of course someone had a tank top.  None of us had expected the day to lead us here where a dress code might be in place but everyone there was really nice and nobody said a word to us about it but instead treated us very well and even brought one of us some extra scraps for the puppy she had with her.
Overall, good food with a nice staff and we had a good time there and it showed my visiting friends how nice we can be here.Why is place is busy on a Thursday is beyond me.  Service is frantic but poor.   The three cocktails I got were so different you'd swear I asked for totally different drinks.  An hour and fifteen minutes from order to getting a pizza.   I have never been somewhere and seen so many people grab someone to find their server.
Something is just off with the managementBad service hostess wouldn't give us a table so we had to eat at the bar. The bartender was taking shots and hitting on the girl that placed a Togo order. The kitchen was backed up so it took an hour and a half to get our foodThe decor is beautiful.  The bartenders were very friendly.  Went for a saints game, they had 50% off on certain pizzas, which were delicious.Very bad service...almost inexistent. Waiter completely ignored us. Had to call the waiter 15mins after being seated. Long wait to get a table, long wait to order and long wait to get the food. We didn't get any water at the table after being seated. Really bad managementWe have been there today and the pizza was just delicious!! On top, it was happy hour (btw 3-6pm) and pizza and drinks were half off! As well the ambience was awesome :) I would definitely recommend this reataurant to anyone living or visiting new orleans :)Was not impressed.  We went on the eve of Father's Day and tables to the right were all set with place settings for 4 or more but empty.  We were then seated at a small unset table for 2 shoved in a corner of the bar area with only 1 seat, the hostess had to find a chair.  The table directly next to us had the extra seat but they were still sitting there.  Very tight seating arrangement.  I'm not sure why we were not seated in the main dining unless they were all reserved, the hostess didn't stick around long enough for us to ask.  The server was in a hurry to get out drink order and then our order.  We started with fried calamari, it was lack luster, light but greasy.  At least it didn't taste "fishy" or chewy.  It wasn't very crispy and the marinara sauce was sweet.  The meals don't come with anything so you have to order salads extra and they are pricey.  We just ordered meals.  Hubby ordered the chicken parmigiana.  The chicken breast was small but crispy served over pasta with sauce.  The sauce was sweet like the marinara for the calamari.  I ordered the fettuccine with shrimp.  The sauce was more runny than thick and on the salty side.  There were 7 pieces of medium sized shrimp that were grilled.  We were tired and wanted a restaurant close by our hotel.  On a Sunday night there weren't many options and that's how we ended up here.  I wouldn't  recommend this place although it did get busy in the dining area by the time we left so maybe others had a different experience.Another great night at Amici!  This is a great spot for a date.  It is warm and inviting.  When you go, be sure to look up!  The ceiling will make you feel like you're dining in an old mansion.  The food was great, as usual.  I recommend the spaghetti and meat balls and the bruschetta.  Oh, and it is half off bottles of wine on Wednesdays, so it would be a great place to catch up with your girls over a couple bottles!  And if you're looking for somewhere to eat outside when it's just a little too cold, they have big, pretty heaters outside so that you can watch the Magazine St. World go by.  Thanks Adam, for the hospitality!Visited here tonight while on vacation with relatives. Overall, the food was quite good, not great but good enough. However the place wasn't even half full but the server was always in a hurry. Could have been 4 stars otherwise.Pizza and pasta great. Excellent service. Would give 5 star but uses too much Fabuloso cleaner that burned my eyes. Way tooo strong.This restaurant is relatively new so I suggest that you make a reservation, we wanted to go out to eat with 6 people around 7 but couldn't get a reservation until 8pm. The table was ready when we walked up at 8 pm and everything was good to go. 
I had pizza earlier that day (whoops) and I didn't want to eat it again so I decided to try Tritare Insalata (Gorgonzola cheese, garbanzo beans, olives, cucumber, onions & salami chopped & tossed in our housemade Italian dressing - $11) without the onions and a strawberry bellini which was called something like strawelini? I can't remember how much the drink was but my salad and drink cost just as much as my friend's pizza the Carni Italiane Carni Italiane  (Housemade marinara, salami, pancetta, meatballs, capicola & mozzarella $18).
The service was great, the server was very attentive for a busy Saturday night and the salad was good, I would have liked less dressing. Also, our table of 6 had 7 chairs which made seating a little awkward because one of my friends randomly sat at the head of the table. Don't expect to hear everything going on at your table, this restaurant is very loud when it is crowded.I love this place! You CANNOT beat $5 Pizza Thursday's & daily 2for1 happy hour! Just round up your friends after work & enjoy a delicious coal fire pizza! There's so many toppings to choose from, if you have a hard time deciding there's also tasty specialty pizzas on the menu. My favorite toppings are chicken & spinach, AMAZEEEEE-ING! 
Erica is an awesome waitress! If you need any help she's got you covered, from choosing your drink to toppings on your pizza! You'll love her upbeat personality (: 
I always enjoy the outside seating and getting that nice Magazine St breeze. If you're more of a "dine inside" type, there's plenty of tables & ambient lighting later in the evening for a more intimate feel. There's also a nice bar with flat screens if you want to have the perfect seat to watch a game & expert bar staff to help with any questions on cocktails or eats. 
This is always my first choice on where to spend a Thursday! Always a great experience! ~The food, drinks, and our waitress were all wonderful.  We got the spinach Alfredo pizza. Crisp with amazing flavors. The wait stuff were very pleasant. The best part of the meal had to be the drinks. I got the black and blue, which was refreshing. The pomegranate spritzer was unique and very bubbly. Sarah E was our waitress and she entertained us. Super sweet and knew the menu very well!  5 stars across the board!I went to Amici for an event today and really enjoyed my time there. The service was spectacular. They really went above and beyond to make our group feel welcome. The food was solid and decently priced. I'd happily go back on any occasion, especially knowing that they can take such good care of a large group. 
Thanks again, Amici!!Great service and awesome food my girlfriend and I really enjoy came here and take our dinerThe food was definitely worth a return. But the service was almost offensive. With more than an hour left of service we felt as though we were being pushed out the door... despite ordering apps, wine and cocktails and multiple pizzas, all of which were very good, thewaitress completely ruined the experience. I would be open to return for a new waitressMy husband and I went to Amici today with the buy one get one free coupon they sent us in the mail, and the restaurant wouldn't honor it. Even though the coupon states "offer valid for lunch (11:30 am to 3 pm daily)" and "open seven days a week," restaurant management said the coupon was not valid on weekends. We chose to go to lunch here specifically because of the coupon, and I feel duped by a false offer. The pizza was fine; too bad we won't be returning because of the bait and switch. There are plenty of good pizza places in town, and there's no reason to do business with someone who operates like this.Ehhh it's ok. Sauce tastes canned pasta is probably dried and not fresh. Would expect more for the money. Pizza was ok though and had a decent wine selection.The thin, coal-fired pizza = fantastic; the other entrees = good, but not great. 
Their wine list is solid, and they're known for their cold beer selection on tap. I have been here three times, and have enjoyed the atmosphere thoroughly. In a nut shell, come with a date and/or friends, order a couple of different appetizers and pizzas (the sausage is incredible), enjoy a bottle of wine, and take in the vibes. You will not be disappointed.
Overall: 4.1 / A -I love Amici. I have been to Amici countless times - the bar staff knows me. There is ALMOST nothing negative I have to say about this place because it is wonderful and I love it. 
But...
The menu could use a little expanding. The food is great, but I don't understand why chicken picatta, a delicious Italian staple, isn't on the menu. A girl just wants a nice dish of chicken picatta and some white wine to go with her conversation - is that possible, guys?I was pleasantly surprised with how good Amici was.  I went there for the first time recently.  The space is very nice, the service friendly, and the food was REALLY good.  I started with the arancini, which was tasty and perfectly fried.  The highlight was the roasted cauliflower pizza which was EXCELLENT!  I do not say this lightly or often.  I could count on one, maaaybe two hands, how many times I can say I've had amazing pizza.
To me, the way they cook the pizza is perfection!  I have had a lot of thin crust, wood fired pizza having lived in NYC for a long time.  Even there, I'm very particular about where I get my pizza because I believe the thin crust should be crisp - not soggy and limp.  Limp thin crust pizza does not do it for me texturally - I hate it.  I was very pleased with my dining experience here and will be back.  I highly recommend Amici.Stopped in just for a drink. Person next to us was having a pepperoni pizza that looked and smelt divine so we ordered one. Coal fired pizza baked to perfection with the best sauce I have ever tasted   Must have if you are on the garden district .I got the meatball app. It was good and tasted like good Italian meatballs. The meat pizza (which real name escapes me) was really good and had all of the meats. The carbonara pasta was the best thing that we ordered. The service was impeccable and very friendly.THIS is the Amici's cuisine that my family has come to love in the few months we've lived in New Orleans!  Nothing is better on a rainy day than off-street parking,  a welcoming table,  and great food.  My daughter is still a fan of the pizza and I think we've all come to enjoy it equally.Cons:
- Not all pastas are made in house, so you have to ask your server to clarify which are/aren't. 
- We were turned away at the parking lot even though the parking lot was NOT full, and restaurant was NOT full. 
- They were out of the house made Lemoncello. On a Saturday night. Really? 
- Dessert menu is not impressive, but they make up for with the Pros. 
Pros: 
- SERVICE was amazing! Refilled drinks, offered guidance on the menu, checked on us to make sure we were happy throughout the meal without making us feel bothered or rushed. 
- FOOD: the calamari was slightly salty, but still very tasty. The french fries were delicous and you get a very generous portion of the apps, making the price seem fair. The homemade pasta (Fettucini Alfredo & Diablo with calabrata) are exceptional. The pizza was exceptional as well; cooked perfectly.  Everything was well seasoned and the recipes seemed well thought out and nicely executed. 
- DRINKS: the cocktail menu includes something for everyone, and the drinks were a great addition to our meal. The drinks alone garner a visit because you could have a drink a day for months, and I'm sure they'd all be fantastic. Though of course, being out of homemade lemoncello was definitely disappointing to the Italian among us. 
- RESERVATIONS: they take reservations! Magazine is such a booming area on the weekends, and while I love that,  I don't want to fight the parking situation to be told I have a 2 hour wait at a restaurant. Thankfully Amici takes reservations! 
- ATMOSPHERE: The decorations are beautiful, and the dinning room is very inviting. The atmosphere is inviting for friends, a date, or a large group. They even had a huge table for an adult's birthday party, but the way the room is built, it was not overly noisy. Love that!Any chance the greeter at this place could crack a smile? Felt like asking for a table was a chore. Worst way to start a dining experience. To be specific, this is on the night of 5/5/15. After this the service from our waitress, Theda was great! Food was good as well! Way to ruin the experience early on though.This restaurant must have recently went through a change in ownership and the quality seemed to go with that change. When asked for a wine list/beer list the waitress said they were newly reopened and did not have menus. She showed us a small list of wines that she kept on her and we were left on our own to look at the bar to see what was on tap. We were not offered water and what Italian restaurant doesn't offer bread with the meal? I ordered a caprese salad and calimari and my dining partner order penne vodka. The calimari was over fried and dried out and obviously from a frozen bag. The caprese salad was disgusting, the tomatoes cut too thick and not ripe at all, almost white in the middle. Bad quality mozzarella, grainy and flavorless. The pasta in the penne vodka was over cooked and mushy and the sauce was flavorless and the portion was too small for $16.  I was unable to eat my caprese salad, that's how bad it was and when brought to attention of the staff i never actually spoke to someone with the management just a chef who was nice enough but made me feel like I offended him. They took the price of the salad off our check and offered us a piece of chocolate cake. Now I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth but if this cake is what they are offering to compensate for a bad meal they are sadly mistaken. It was like a raw, barely warmed up, mushy brownie. I've had better meals at the Olive Garden and at least there they give offer bread. The owners need to look at where they are sourcing their food because they're not going to be open long with this quality, especially in New Orleans where I can get a better meal at a gas station.Went here for the first time a week ago. Sat at the bar for a casual night out with friends. Payton was our bartender and was FANTASTIC. My dirty martini was perfect and the eggplant pizza she recommended was the best pizza I've had so far in the city. I will be back!Sing the theme from the facts of life to this review:
Well you take the good, you take the bad, you take them both and then you have....Joy's Yelp, Joy's Yelp
Well the food was good, the wine was fine, the service needs a little help.....its Joy's Yelp, its Joy's Yelp.
Ok, but seriously, the coal fire chicken wings and pizza were very good, but I'm still partial to Ancora......but this was good.Come for happy hour!! outdoor seating + half of cocktails - all night on Thursdays (I think?)
Entire martini list, the espresso like one was one of the best, although many sounded amazing.
Just went happy hour ran later in nola, like in nyc! 6 pm seems pretty early - but better than nothing!
Also, say hi to danielle - she's awesome!Would like to start by saying our server Josh was very nice .. and the ambiance,  air conditioning and music track were awesome! That's where the good news ends ....  It was  1:30 pm Saturday afternoon lunch time experience .  There were practically no other patrons in the restaurant when we walked in.. so you would think our service  would have been over the top and quick .. not the case .  Ordered a Corona Light ... server walks away only to come back saying they didn't have it  ...so... ordered a Miller Lite ... server walked away only to return and was told they didn't have... but I pointed out that it was 'on tap' ... oops .. yes they have it:/    Ordered salad with ranch dressing on the side ... no ranch dressing ...really?? Isn't this the most common dressing EVER ??
 Ordered chicken Marsala only to have Josh come back 5 minutes later  to tell us they were out of Marsala sauce ... really??? so reordered another dish .  
Patrons ahead of us continued to be served their food while we waited and waited .. all while our shared caprese salad appetizer dirty dishes stayed in front of us for ever until  we finally moved them ourselves to the table next to us . 
All this and never a manager came over to apologize for all the mishaps .. 
Doesn't really matter if the food was good or not .. it was... but the service and experience were not ! 
Our first and last time ...too many 'good food ' options On Magazine St .. lots of restaurants trying to get and keep patrons business .. we live here and won't go back here again .Bomb ass happy hour - half prices DELICIOUS coal oven thin crust PIZZA. Best pizza in the Lower garden district - half off BIG goblets of wine. I'm buzzed and very happy.The bruschetta was awesome. Which is why I gave it two stars. Our pasta was horrible (broccoli rabe & spicy shrimp). Tasteless, too little sauce, bitter, we couldn't finish it. They have a sub par cocktail menu. And our waitress would disappear for long stretches of time. 
Also the group next to us was crude and annoying. Destroying the atmosphere. I will not come here again.Stopped in to Amici on a beautiful night hoping to sit outside.  No such luck, as everyone else had the same idea.  We went ahead and sat inside, which was a-ok.
Atmosphere:  B
A few tables outside are nice.  Indoors, the atmosphere is pretty, but it can get a little loud.
Service:  A
Service was very friendly.  
Food:  A
The four of us all got different pizzas, and they were all good.  I especially liked my four cheese pizza with added pepperoni.
Value:  A+ on Thursdays, C regularly
Thursday nights offer a helluva steal!  $5 pizzas all evening!  You simply can't beast that!  Get yourself some 1/2 price drinks during happy hour too, and it's a date night on the cheap.  Their regular prices are a little high.  Since my first visit was on a Thursday, I can't see going back and ever paying regular prices.  (And because I'm also spoiled by Pizza Domenica's 1/2 price pizzas during their happy hour).We totally goofed and didn't make reservations for dinner on our Saturday night in NOLA. After wandering around and trying to figure out where to go, we decided to forgo the French Quarter for somewhere calmer. This was relatively close to our hotel and pizza sounded good after all the walking we'd done.
Wil was our server and was awesome. Very personable, willing to answer questions, make suggestions, and was attentive. We ended up creating our own pizza and it was so good. The crust had a great crunch to it and held up the toppings well. Our drinks never went dry and we weren't pressured to order more drinks, appetizers, or dessert. 
The bathroom wasn't as clean as I would have imagined from this type of place. There were strips of toilet paper on the floor, the back of the toilet was dirty, the paper towel holders were not filled, but instead, a roll of paper towels were on the counter, and the soap dispensers were almost empty. We did have to wait for a hostess to seat us and it seemed like a waitress was coming to do it in her absence. The waitress was very short with us and seemed bothered that she was having to help out the hostess or accommodate our request for an outside table- not sure which. The hostess came to take over and she wasn't much more personable, but better. Thankfully, Wil turned the experience around.Amici ' s has very quickly gone from being our absolute Favorite spot to somewhere way lower on our list. Amici's has a standard menu; its not one that changes seasonally. But for some reason, we have been unable to get the one meal we come for more than once now because they were out of the key ingredient. Service also seems to be on a serious decline.  Whether either of those is a factor or not, the once crowded place is nearly dead. Maybe they should consider a seasonal menu so that they can actually SERVE what they advertise and offer on their menu. They still have really good pizzas and the happy hour special on those is still a great value.I don't have a lot to say.  The pizza isn't bad, it just isn't special.  The atmosphere is also not unique or interesting in the way so many New Orleans restaurants are.  I would say this is for one of those evenings when you just want pizza, you don't want to spend much and you're not looking for a blow-me-away evening.  For great Italian in this city try Italian Barrel first and Irene's second.Very good pizza. The coal burning oven definitely has a different twist than the traditional. We went when they just opened, and the service was excellent despite the crowd.We did we're staying in the Garden District during our visit and we we're looking for someplace to eat one night and stumbled across Amici's... this was one of our best meals and such amazing Italian food.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful... The service was amazing we had several questions and the waitress had no problem answering them... if we ever go back to New Orleans we will definitely be going there for a meal.Good lunch. Nothing particularly special, but it's a big spacious restaurant with a decent menu.I was looking forward to dining here after my parents had gone 2x and said it was really good. Upon entering we were seated right away but my husband mentioned to me that the hostess handed him the menus as we left the host stand for him to carry to the table. And no drink/wine menu(Just a little different but ok). The food was fabulous. We had the mussels (came out with no bread so we had to wait for the waitress to hear some bread) and a caprese and then the lasagna and the breaded veal. All were very tasty! We will be back. Another thing I notice is why are restaurants not putting salt and pepper on the table? This wasn't the first place that I've noticed that. Overall though we were happy and left satisfied! We will be back.The dark lighting, red walls and bar make this place so inviting, it could be one of my favorite places to hang out. The server was also very professional and knowledgeable. 
The lasagne was served on a plate with very impressive structure. The pizza had nice char and also looked really promising. They even offered fresh Romano cheese The problem was this sickly sweet red sauce on both. This is the kind of flavor that kids love, but it distorts the flavors of Italian American food into something unholy.Love the Wine Wednesday and half price pizza Thursday at Amici. Awesome deals and food for the specialized prices!We've been four times since Amici opened.  The Veal Milanese can't be beat and the Eggplant Rollatini, Spiedini, and Roasted Chicken Wing appetizers are a reason we keep going back!  Be sure to look for the daily soup specials.  The tomato basil with corn and crab bisque and the oyster artichoke were amazing!
A couple thoughts concerning previous reviewers:  the ladies room wallpaper is indeed very creative and, the number of TVs didn't bother me. We are in a town known for its sports enthusiasts!  I would actually stay away during football season if there weren't enough TVs, and I particularly appreciate the one in the ladies room :-)
Only thing I might change on the menu is a larger selection of wines by the glass.Not terrible but certainly not worth going back. 
Wanted a nice meal. End of a big day at work. 
Carbonara: Too much pancetta (I know! but still!), noodles were over-cooked and soft, and some idiot decided to cut the spaghetti so you could eat it like a 5 year old. Blech. What a bummer. I love a good carbonara and this was just not that. Plus the serving was the size of a football. Gross.
Ordered a side of veggies to even out my luxe entree. Server suggested the cauliflower. I said, Is it fried? He said, "uhh pan fried." It came breaded and deep fried. Then laughed, "oh well." 
New Orleans 1, Heart Disease and Obesity 0. 
This was just a waste of calories. If it had all been delicious I wouldn't have cared. It's like eating a stale donut. What's the use?
At least the wine was good.