I cannot rave enough about this place! Amazing Turkish food and the service was wonderful. Chef Murat is one of the nicest people and does an incredible job making each item on the menu. Their baklava is made from scratch and a must have. So excited for this place and will be back many times to try everything on the menu!happen to stumble on this brand new place by accident, love mediterranean food, very fresh and clean. food was very satisfying and good. will def have to come back !Great food that won't leave you feeling so full that you can't enjoy a stroll down Magazine St and check out all the cool shops in the area. Food was fresh made from scratch and delicious. Our server was great at recommending items for the table. We were not disappointed! Save room for dessert yum yumNew menu and they are changing the name. Prices are much cheaper now. 13 dollars instead of 17 for a chicken or steak place. There is a lot more authentic Turkish items on the menu. And try the Turkish coffee !Not good. Our food was tasteless and soggy and just plain weird. Pickles in a gyro? Never had that before. We ordered 5 different things and not one was good. Only one was deemed "just okay". Oh well. Live and learn.The atmosphere was accurate. This restaurant is like any cafe you may visit in Istanbul. I really liked that they were playing Turkish music instead of American pop radio station; gave it a more authentic feel. Very clean,comfortable and casual. The hummus was great( very authentic and flavorful), rice typical. I would like to try the doner again on a future visit because this visit it was a little dry. The food is good and the restaurant is nice, however I would recommend 2 things: re-evaluate the menu prices- a little too expensive for the type of food served and have a larger selection of hot tea. I would recommend this place to friends and go back again.Clean food (very fresh.) Clean restaurant. Fantastic service. Kind, accommodating and friendly.  However, was expecting more authentic flavors.  Tasted like a watered down version of regional cuisine. I'm Not sure if this is an attempt to satisfy the American pallet, but bland food needs a bland price point. I Paid 40$ for something I could've easily whipped up in my own kitchen for 10$.  If you are looking for something authentically different, this is not the place.Go there!!! The food is great. Took the family there for dinner. We loved it. One of the owners waited and served us. Really friendly and accommodating.Very delicious tabbouli (fresh), baba ganoush, hummus, and falafel. Chicken kabob was decent, but next time we'd try the schwarma. Definitely will be back for the vegetarian options and to try some additional things. We have always found Mona's (at least in the Marigny) to be very hit or miss, so we're happy to now live close to Anatolia. We often pick up some of their tabbouli as a side when cooking at home. Also, the baklava is out of this world, and the turkish tea with it is a nice touch.This deserves 5 stars. With the many Greek/Mediterranean places around it is hard to separate. But I have to say this is the place to go when you have the craving for Mediterranean . I've had tons of Gyro and I ordered it again here. I was expecting it to be good like the many gyros I've had.  I was so surprised to taste this and really discovered a better gyro. The outside has the great "crust" of that slight charring with the internal meat so tender and full of favor.  I hate to mention this (because they may change this) but they are priced so well.  I saw the prices and wondered if the serving sizes were small.  No way.  The lunch offerings were great price and not skimpy on the portions. It is a great place to order take out too.  The inside is very nice. 
I do agree with the comment that the name Pita Hut Plus gives an impression of a fast food or lower end Greek place. Yet when you walk in they have white table cloths. So there is a slight disconnect between the name and actual experience .  Word will get around to not have the name fool you think this is a fast food joint and people will come to know the high quality but great pricing.
I often visit Magazine street and I often have the hankering for Mediterranean food and I will be going back.  The staff was great and the owner/manager was very personable. If you wonder what something is or tastes like, they offer to give you a sample.  They really want to make you happy and I can tell they want to be known as a great place to enjoy and they are delivering.This place is my new favorite Mediterranean food spot in NOLA! I grew up in Lebanon so I am very picky about Arabic food, and have been trying to find a place that is as close to authentic as possible and I think this is it! They actually put garlic and pickles in their chicken shawarma and they cut it off the rod like it is intended to be served! Their beef shawarma is seasoned AMAZINGLY and it is so so delicious! Their sampler appetizer place is delicious and they also give you three spices (I believe it is dried sumac, dried mint and some type of spicy red powder) to dust on various foods. The Lebanese tea and the knefeh are also delicious! In addition to that, everyone who works here is very sweet and the atmosphere and entertainment was delightful. Will definitely be back :)I just moved to the neighborhood and have fallen in love with the place. Middle Eastern hospitality and the food is off the charts. It's BYOB, so bring your adult beverages or stop at the bar across the street and bring it in. I love the BYOB, it's like an instant 25% coupon on dinner!!!I stopped here for a quick meal before the parades and had the chicken kabob. Everything was so fresh and very good. The restaurant is very clean and the staff was great!Food was good but we were ignored for over an hour, after we ordered. After they took our order it took 1.25 hours to get appetizers. Ridiculous.Wonderful and fresh halal food! We were visiting just before Mardi Gras and after a day of exploring the city, we were starving to death! Thank God we stumbled upon this place. I ordered the salad with grilled chicken and my husband ordered the Triple plate. Both things were great and the portion was quite generous too. The owner gave us free pistachio baklava at the end which was just the best possible ending. Highly recommended! Will visit again!Everything was delicious and service was quick! The chicken is cooked like gyro meat so it's thin sliced and roasted perfectly. We also got complimentary baklava! Server was friendly. Will definitely be back!Soooooo amazing. Best lamb I have ever had. The Smokey, earthy flavor was unbelievable. The nicest people. Best service. I would recommend to anyone who would like an authentic Mediterranean dining experience.This place is a goldmine. Wish I could give this place a thousand stars. Service was great and the foot was outstanding!  Best hummus and babaghanoush ever. I had the veggie plate and my husband had the first appetizer listed on the menu. Tons of food. The Lebanese tea was outstanding as well, the rose water added a great flavor to the tea. We don't like grape leaves but I tried them and they were great. I insisted my husband try them as well. He hesitated but once he tried them he couldn't stop eating them either.  What a fantastic place.This place is right by my house so I wish it was better. 
We ordered takeout here yesterday and everything was pretty good, including the complimentary baklava.
However, having dined at the restaurant a few weeks ago there are a few small things that, if changed would definitely entice me to come back more often. 
As others have pointed out, the prices in contrast to the decor and atmosphere are way off. If I'm going to spend $18-24 on an entree, it should be in a nicer setting. Even just dimming the incredibly bright lighting would help reduce the sterile, cold feeling the place gives off. 
Additionally, and I'm not sure if this is a conscious decision or just a struggle to obtain the right to sell alcohol but they don't do it and you also can't bring alcohol onto the premises. If I could bring in a couple beers or a drink from Rendezvous across the street I'd be far more inclined to view this place for what it should be, which is a casual neighborhood restaurant. 
I'll probably give this place another shot at some point because I'd like it, or some version of it to be in the neighborhood, but not the way it is.Had the Veggie Plate which is a sampler with salad, falafel, baba ganouj, humus, rice, spinach pastry. The falafel was really good. The Fresh and with a hint of curry I think. The baba ganouj was very tasty. Best I've had in awhile. The grape leaves were a little bland. The pastries were tasty but on the hard side. Same went for the baklava. The service was outstanding and the owner was there attending to the entire meal service. You can tell he is trying hard. Hopefully he is reading the reviews and working to make the food more consistent.Ordered falafel and it was over cooked beyond edible. I don't think the cook had any idea how to cook it as he checked on it a few times, when he should've taken out of the fryer.. I ordered out so ended up throwing away.The business owner was very kind. The restaurant was very warm and clean. I really enjoyed my meal. Pita Hut Plus served the best falafal and baba ghanoush I ever had. The eggplant was cleaned properly with an adequate amount of smoke. Generous portions of food. The desserts were divine too. Bob, the server was friendly. I am definitely planning to dine here again.I love love love this restaurant. Food is delicious and servers are very friendly. I recomand this place to everone to tryWe stopped in for lunch. We ordered the appetizer sampler, lentil soup, Lebanese tea and a Shawarma chicken entree. Everything was delicious and the service was excellent! They were very friendly and answered all of our questions. The chef visited our table and delivered desserts that we're fantastic. This is a great place to stop in while visiting Magazine Street!In between 3 and 4 stars. I got a falafel sandwich which was more like a falafel wrap. It was good, not too greasy. Came with a salad which was just your basic lettuce deal. Good deal for a standard meal! And nice and clean. Would definitely do take out again.This is the best neighborhood find!! Our waitress was so sweet too. The food is fantastic. The owner came out to go over the menu with us and recommended the adana kebab. Omg the spices were phenomenal! Boyfriend got the gyro which was super yummy too. Labneh and hummus were great too! Definitely a must try if you love Mediterranean food!Pita Hut Plus is under new management and they are changing their name to Anatolia. I really enjoy the Lebanese and Turkish cuisine.  I tried the Iskender, OMG delicious.  And the Turkish tea and coffeeFound this place strolling down magazine. A friend and I came in ten minutes before closing and were still greeted with a warm welcome. The owner is very friendly and even offered us a sample of baklava and Turkish tea. I will definitely be recommending this place to everyone I know. Great atmosphere and food!Delicious shawarma, falafel and gyros, waiters were friendly and provided us with dessert on the house as well. Great option for New Orleans Mediterranean foodBest service and tastiest hummus! I went for a weekend lunch with my daughter and really loved this place. The appetizer platter was our favorite--everything was homemade, perfectly seasoned, and very delicious. The service was also top notch-friendly and attentive.Love this place! They gave us free baklava and hot tea 10 minutes before closing. And the food was amazing too!! Definitely coming back!This place has a great location. Parking was a little tricky but if you go on Saturday or Sunday or m-f after 7, it's free. When we walked in, it seemed a little disorganized. One employee said to seat ourselves and then another ran up and said to follow him to a table. Not a big deal. It took a while to be acknowledged. We waited about 3ish minutes before getting our drink order placed. We then placed our app order (the sampler). It was amazing. I definitely recommend!! There was some confusion around placing our entree order. A different waitress came and tried to take our menus and we said we didn't order yet and then she walked away confused. It took quite a while for our normal waitress to come and take our entree order and we had to ask 3 times for refills on water. Our food took a little longer than expected. The waitress said it was going to take 20-30 minutes. Once we got the food, it was delicious. I had the kabob combo and my boyfriend had the triple plate. Both were great. We ate it all! It took a while for us to get our check but nonetheless we got it. The restaurant didn't seem too busy. It was only us and another table there. The waitress was very sweet but I think she was overwhelmed a little. Bottom line: if you want great food at a great price, this is the place. If you are on a time crunch or have a problem with spending 1.5 hours on casual dining, this is not the place. Plan on spending a while here but it's pretty good. Overall, decent food but the service made it 3 instead of 4 stars.This place was so good! The food was delicious-we ordered the hummus appetizer, the gyro sandwich, and the chicken schwarma sandwich. The service was friendly and fast, and the restaurant was very clean. The food was also very reasonably priced. The Mediterranean food was a nice break from the regular New Orleans fare. We would definitely return.I've had my lunch there today, and I have to give it to them, there food is definitely a 5 star in my books. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that's looking for Mediterranean/Turkish food.I'm giving this place five stars, even though I fully expect it to get better. The food and service (Linda was our server) were phenomenal. My boyfriend and I split the Triple Plate which was HUGE and came with chicken, beef, gyro meat, plus hummus, and came with a really fresh salad to start. Everything was fresh and very tasty. The ambiance was a little confusing- like it couldn't decide between fine dining and fast casual. I'll definitely be back!!Amazing amazing tasting food! For our 10 day visit we ate here 3 times! Everything was so good I couldn't stop talking about it. We don't have a very good Mediterranean food where we live so I was so happy to finally have some that makes my taste buds happy. It's byob so make sure you bring some beers or wine with you to enjoy it with the food. Owner is super sweet and helpful I wish we had a place like this where we liveSome very nice folks running the place that were very passionate about their food.  They never seem to be very busy so it should be easy to grab a table here most of the time.  The food is overall pretty good when done correctly but sometimes they seem to get inconsistent with less optimal results.  Some items seem to be better executed at other area places like Mona's and Shawarma On The Go to my taste but your experience may differ.  They do have some things that are just a bit different than most of the other Middle Eastern places so vive la différence and give this place a whirl when you want something a bit off the normal experience.Love this place! Everything I've tried has been delicious, the prices are great, and the staff is always so friendly. Don't leave without trying the baklava!Food is good. Way overpriced for how causal it is inside. Looks like a Togo place but the prices are more expensive than most in this area of magazine. Service is not so good even when you are the only person there. No alcohol.Looking for lunch in the Garden District and found Pita Hut Plus. The hummus was fresh and amazing. We had Gyros and Chicken Shawarma which all were delicious. The service was top notch. We all left with very happy stomachs and taste buds.There are two things I will remember about my first time visiting this restaurant. The food & the service. Unbelievable. The food was so fresh, sprinkled with cilantro, came out warm, etc. My table ordered two family trays and a kid's meal for my niece. Our waitress was so caring. She checked on our table often, was great with my niece, and went above and beyond what we expected. She had the ideal personality for the service industry. We will be back and will definitely recommend this spot to friends and family.This place has great food and a very friendly and attentive staff. The name and the awnings are a little low-rent looking but don't be put off, the food a service are great.Anatolia is a restaurant two blocks from my house. We eat here often both take out and dine in. Consistent quality and delicious food. We recommend you try it out. Definitely five stars.The food was Great! The best Turkish food I ever had. But the waitress was super confused and got our order mixed up twice.Everything about this place was so nice! The food was great and the service was excellent! Everyone was so friendly. The falafel portions were pretty big and the prices were really affordable. Especially or something so good. Make sure you get dessert. The Knafeh was so good could eat it every day!It's pronounced gyro, like gyration: a rapid movement in a circle or spiral; a whirling motion.Really good food. The staff was also very nice. One of the best restaurants in New Orleans.Great place to eat! Friendly staff, great quality food, best Kune (a Turkish desert), and refill on tea! What else do you want!?!? I wish I lived in New Orleans so I could go here twice a week! Thank you for treating us like your family. Love, from: California.Absolutely delicious food. Friendly staff and quick service. I will eat here again! I ate the Chicken Shawarma sandwich.We ducked into this place sometime in a dead post lunch pre dinner hour during a pouring rain, and are so so lucky we did. I am vegetarian and my friend eats meat but is very lactose intolerant, so finding food in New Orleans has been a bit of a challenge usually involving a lot of planning. We ran into Anatolia unplanned, and were blown away. I got the veggie platter, and it included a good amount of food for a fairly reasonable price, and all of it was delicious. The rice was well cooked and seasoned, onions perfectly done, hummus just the right amount of creamy, and the pita was perfect. Best place we've eaten at our whole trip!This place was wonderful. All of our food was delicious and it came out pretty quickly. Our server Jean was so nice and accommodating. She even gave us free tea after we finished eating. I'd love to go back sometime.Ok, so... Gyro is delicious as if the chargrilled chicken. Pita is good too, however, the hummus was pretty terrible. Veggies and salads are completely under-seasoned, but are good when you add some salt. Absolute best thing tbeu can do here is cook aome delicious meats! The 4 stars is for the flavor of the meats.Stopped in this week for a take out lunch.  Ordered the Gyro plate which comes with salad, hummus, rice and bread.
The meat was well cooked with tasty edges...we love that.
The hummus was heavy with tahini; that is not a good sign; on that day it did not balance the garbanzo beans, lemon and tahini...not so good.
The salad, bread and rice were good.
Overall it was about 3.5 stars!
Enjoy...Great food. Deliciously prepared and very fresh, not oily at all. Will gladly eat here again. Two small suggestions though: the name of the place implies fast food, which I don't think is their intention. I would consider a rename. Also the nighttime lighting is way too bright. It comes off as institutional rather than welcoming. Find a softer interior and exterior light source for sure. But great food!Good food, nice place, amazing hospitality and reasonable price. I would highly recommend to try it out.Anatolia is a restaurant two blocks from my house. We eat here often both take out and dine in . Consistent quality and delicious food. We recommend you try it out. The gyro sandwiches and plates are great!The service is amazing, food is great, desserts are top notch. I recommend the kanafah. Honestly, its a nice place, very authentic, not expensive for the portions you get, I would definitely recommend this place to all people!The chicken shawarma sandwich was alright.. garlic sauce could use a bit more of a kick. Overall, it was decent. It was a little bland, but alright for Mediterranean in NOLA. The pitas were pretty awesome.Amazing Turkish food.  Had the veggie platter and my brother had the combination platter.  Can't wait for that Turkish dessert!!Great food, awesome Turkish music, and perfect service.
We came with a group of friends and the owner surprised us with a delicious dessert for being their guest for the first time. Sure we came back again. Thanks!Service was absolutely great! Clean clean place. First time having Turkish food and it wasn't bad! Love the dessert the most! And first time having kibby! Light fluffy and crispy! Fully stuffed!! Portions pretty good! I would come back! And some days have live music!I got the hummus and lamb dish with pita bread and it exceeded my expectations by far. The bread is crispy on the outside but soft and fresh tasting on the inside. The hummus is creamy tasting and the lamb was cut up into little pieces. Overall these combined into a really great meal. It was meant as an appetizer but served me well for a whole lunch. And they give you bread refills too, which is great.Today, it was my first time in here with my friend, it was such an authentic place, you definitely feel the  atmosphere of Mediterranean with the traditionally done decoration. We ordered humus to start with, it was very flavored and tasty. For the entree i got mix veggie platter, I don't even know where to start to describe it. Spinach pie, stuffed grape leaves, salad, rice... Everything was wonderful. The dessert was the epic of the meal. The staff was very attentive. We'll definitely come back.This place is AMAZING. Me and my boyfriend lived in New Orleans for a few months and we'd come here twice a week. I'm originally from Los Angeles, and it is still the best mediterranean food I've ever had. Thumbs up!Came by to do a take out on some shawarma and the lady in front of the house was super rude. Ignored us many times. She didn't seem like she was in a good mood. Everytime we felt like we were bothering her, we would even apologize and she would ignore our apologies. I can't believe this establishment would have such high ratings with the service they provide. The cook was just throwing food here and there carelessly. For our take out they just handed us the food with no bag whatsoever. I asked for a plastic bag or any sort of bag they may have. They said no. This was our last stop on our New Orleans trip. Do not recommend this place one bit.Great Turkish food and wonderful service. I think management has change I can see a real difference. Location everyone must try at lease once.I was in The Garden District on a Sunday afternoon and every other place was crowded for brunch s I decided to try Anatolia. The staff was very nice and I liked the music they were playing unfortunately all of the food was bland and under-seasoned. I the veggie sampler. The falafel balls sweet. The spinach pie didn't have enough onions in it. The babaganoush and hummus were very plain. They seem nice but...Clean and bright place with food prepared fresh and hot. Attentive service and delicious food. Very flavorful Beyti kabob came with crisp fresh salad, hummus, bread and barely, the vegetarian platter was delicious wit crisp  hot falafels, grape leaves and the 
Turkish tea was wow ! Highly recommend very authentic!
 teaI stopped in here for lunch after visiting the Lafayette Cemetery and had a bowl of delicious Turkish lentil soup served with pita on the side. Also ordered a falafel wrap which was also pretty good. Nice place to stop in when visiting the garden district.Well , being in New Orleans for so many days .... we tried a number of places . We love Mediterranean food and after doing a walking tour with our guide Andrew in the garden city we came here. I think this is an awesome Turkish Mediterranean place for lunch or dinner. They have some awesome appetizers and their entrees had a variety of lamb beef and chicken dishes , with soups Andy salads if they your thing. They also have sandwiches and wraps but all in all a great experience with good service!!Slow service and blah food. The gyro meat tasted like leather. Tried twice. Won't go back.This place is located in garden district on busy magazine street among other shops and cafes. The food is Arab version of Turkish food. The spices and the variety offered is close to Arabic cuisine. The restaurant setting is casual with tables spread out from each other. The menu has many options including few vegetarian plates. The kibby and humus are good however the meat kababs were overly cooked, dry and lacked the flavor.
The place got quite busy halfway through our meal and service started to lack. Overall it was an average dining experience.First time, marginal at best. Chicken Shawarma gyro, had absolutely no flavor. Tasted like bland sliced chicken breast with tomato and lettuce on a pita. Service was good, kitchen was slow only having 2 tables.. Disappointing considering other reviews raved about this place..The lebnah and shawarma was delicious also the caffe was great, they have a awesome serviceExceptional taste and quality. This is real authentic Turkish cuisine. Customer Service was great from waitress to kitchen staff including the owner who was very attentive of his customers. This is a must when visiting New Orleans, you won't regret.This will become our go to restaurant. Prices are very reasonable and the food....WOW! Simple menu that is great for vegetarians but also has meat and poultry options in abundance. Rather than list everything that we had to eat, just trust me and go. Geez, I have to mention the incredible dessert that the waitress talked us into (even though I was stuffed on the veggie plate that I ordered). Cannot recall the name of the dish, but she said it was a Turkish delicacy. It was a honey and cheese concoction grilled and served very hot. I was scraping the bottom of the little pan for any sticky leftovers. Very nice staff who patiently explained the menu. They don't have an alcohol license, but you can bring your on or stop at the bar across the street and bring your libation over to the restaurant. 5 stars? Yes! This restaurant is one of the reasons why New Orleans is considered the food capital of the US.Oh my gosh, we didn't know about this restaurant. Our neighbors mentioned it to us and we all agreed to meet up. It is halal which I had to look up to know what that meant. Let's just say that the food was delicious. I had the chicken shawarma which was yummy. My hubby had a lamb and beef mix meal which I could eat, and I don't eat lamb. The Lebanese tea was refreshing, however, our server didn't refill it until I asked. She didn't seem to happy to get me another glass. This is why I didn't give it 5stars. The service lacked. I'm used to our usual place that provides excellent service. Parking is an issue, but you know that because it's on Magazine. Totally recommend this place for halal Mediterranean food.My husband and I LOVE this place ! We've been here many times and never been disappointed. I highly recommend the falafel , hummus,  the appetizer platter for starters. I like the chicken shawerma sandwich, falafel sandwich and  iskender kebab. KUNAFAH is a must here !Great spot if you are looking good authentic food with kind service! The menu is small and could be expanded but all in all very good place to eat.Just stopped in for desserts and Turkish coffee. We got baklava and Turkish kunefe ( which is delicious). The staff was friendly and there was a peaceful atmosphere.