Wanted to have a nice dinner out on the town with my wife- we ended up at Angeline; very nice location, away from the crowded New Orleans party streets. Food was amazing - for apps we had the shrimp & pork belly and the chicken livers; for main course my wife ordered the Rabbit and I had the Veal. We were very impressed with the flavor and attention to detail- the plating was beautiful. Service was okay; waiter had a large room to himself and being a two top we felt that we lacked attention; he forgot my wife's coffee at the end of the meal and blamed the server assistant. For dessert we shared the apple strudel with peach ice cream, it was small and average.Happened to just find this place while walking around. Had Sunday "brunch". The best country fried steak ever!  False bloodies were quite delicious.Angeline is hands-down one of the top restaurants in New Orleans. Chef Alex's menu is focused, yet filled with interesting, delicious options and the kitchen executes each dish to perfection. The service is consistently outstanding; every server we have had has been knowledgeable, attentive, smart, gracious and never ever pretentious. Jimmy, who manages the front of house, is the model host and super-knowledgeable in food and wine. The main dining room is gorgeous and there is some outdoor seating for those who desire that and the noise level is moderate, making for comfortable conversation. For a restaurant of its caliber, I think the prices are  surprisingly reasonable. Without exception, each time we dine at Angeline we are treated to a fabulous and flawless experience.Three of us enjoyed a fantastic dinner here. It's off the beaten path a bit and that's a good thing. Nice ambience, great food, attentive staff and a great drink menu!! Try the Wisely Botched - it may be the best cocktail I've had this year!! There's a small bar if you just want to go for a drink. Next time I'm in town I'll be stopping here agsain for sure!!Our food and service were exceptional. Our server Jimmy was kind, knowledgeable, and the perfect execution of friendly and attentive. Every dish was beautifully put together, and delicious. The vegetarian options on the menu were well thought out and complex. We loved everything.We had a fantastic dinner here. We wanted to eat light and save room for dessert, so we just ordered small plates. We were so glad we did. Splitting the sweet cornbread is cake was so perfectly delicious we had to order seconds. We'll be back.I have been so conflicted (oh yeah. CONFLICTED!) as to what to rate Angeline.
On one hand: this place is amazing, as far as atmosphere goes. It might be the perfect date place with the warm lighting and patio access. The wait staff is extremely helpful and attentive and the beer list is pretty impressive.
First of all, for our appetizer we got the roasted cauliflower which was out of this world. It was delicious and amazing and you must get it if you find yourself here. For my entree, I decided on the blue crab fettucine and my dining companion chose the braised pork cheeks and grits.
My dish was okay. The blue crab was delicious, but I found that the pasta was lacking something, but I'm not sure what. I tasted a bit of the braised cheeks and grits and immediate regret set in upon realizing that should have been my choice as well (don't you hate that?). The pork cheeks had SO MUCH flavor and the grits complimented it perfectly. If I had gotten that, this would easily be a four star review.
For now, I am going to go ahead and rate Angeline a strong 3.5 with room for improvement. I definitely hope to return and you better believe I will be getting those pork cheeks.Excellent service. The creaminest grits ever. I recommend the pork belly and fried green tomato sandwich the daily doughnuts, the beef hash and the pecan pie.Possibly the best breakfast in The French Quarter. The Gritts are amazing here. I'd recommend the Boudin as well. The interior of the restaurant is also quite nice.I just finished one the most memorable meals in my recent memory banks!  The local broccoli was amazing.  My husband had the pan seared fish - superb!  We shared the cornbread and of course had to have their pie of the day!  This establishment is definitely worth a visit.  I can't wait to return!This place was delicious!! Went for HH one night and enjoyed it so much went back later that evening for more, it's a nicer place but very much worth it!Holy moly!  So delicious.  Pork cheeks appetizer, rabbit leg, and pork chop dinners. Corn bread cake dessert. Everything was SO good.  Pricey, but worth it if you are looking for a great dinner.Passed by Angeline's and made a mental note and then checked out iMaps and saw the reviews so we decided to try it, and we we very pleased we did.   Best meal in NOLA.  Chef/Owner Alex Harrel had taken great care in the ingredients and preparation.  I had the braised lamb and my wife the Drum fish special.  Both entrées were delicately prepared with exquisite tastes and textures.  I had eaten at K-Paul's the night before and Angeline's was far superior experience - in food, ambience, and service.  The wine and ports and sherries offered, as well as the desert, make me want to come back and try the other menu offerings.  I would definitely recommend it to friends and visitors to the French Quarter.Angeline nails it - the food, the service, and the atmosphere are exactly what I expected from this new French Quarter venture.  Having enjoyed dinner at Angeline twice now, I can say with certainty that Angeline is a new favorite for me.  
We started both evenings sharing dishes in an attempt to try as many menu offerings as possible.  The fried quail, baked farmer's egg, butterbean tortellini and charcuterie board are all impressive - I'm still wondering how an egg and cream can taste that amazing.   The black eyed pea & collard green soup is also worth mentioning for it's simple deliciousness - others at my table enjoyed the daily soup selection and were as happy as I was with mine.  
For the mains, the rabbit milanese, confit duck and grilled duck sausage, and daily fish specials (snapper and trout during our most recent visit) were all remarkable. The way the chef uses minimal ingredients to master dishes is impressive - nothing is overdone, and that makes Angeline shine for me.  Quite possibly the biggest surprise of our dining experience was the chicken.  It is one of the best dishes I've ever eaten.  Maybe it's the cauliflower and beet chip accompaniment, or maybe it is the way the chef braises and roasts the meat, I don't know, but it's truly wonderful!
My husband and I shared the winter citrus posset, and while we were too full to try any of the other desserts our friends ordered, everything looked great and received accolades from the others at my table.
From the friendly greeting when we walked in, to A Promise's Ghost at the bar, to the simple yet elegant decor (the Sem caricatures in the bar area add a special touch) and a beautiful banquette, to some of the best food I've had in quite a while, to the final bill which proved that Angeline indeed provides the best "bang-for-your-buck" in town, Angeline hits the mark.  I truly can't say enough about how great this place is.  I am ready to return to NOLA soon to experience all that the chef and his team have up their sleeves.For our last meal in NOLA, we found ourselves wandering around the quarter.  I wanted to go to Marie Laveau's and after that we thought we'd go somewhere near the there.  Angleine's popped up on Yelp.  I had bookmarked it as well.  What a great little place, but don't let the front dining room fool you.  There is a back bar area and another dining room.  The friendly host gave us a table in the window.
Clay took really great care of us!  The food is an interesting, and delicious, take on the southern regional cuisine of New Orleans.  I ordered the soup of the day that had a spicy kick to it!  This went well with the Cote du Rhone.  For dinner I ordered the rabbit Milanese and Scooter had the hangar steak.  But after the first bite, he didn't look very happy.  We ended up trading dishes.  The steak was well seasoned and came with these delicious crispy brussels and cornbread fritters.  Granted, Scooter had this ribeye at Kingfish that he wouldn't stop talking about and well, any other steak would probably not please him.  I thought it was great and he was a fool!
The rabbit was perfect!  Yes, I tried it first before the exchange.  Tender and flavorful and the tomato gravy a perfect compliment!  We ordered the chocolate pot de creme and the apple crisp, perfect desserts to end a great meal!  If you want to do something special, Angeline is the place!Came here fresh off the airplane as our first NOLA meal and it did NOT disappoint. Stacey was a phenomenal waitress, she was very attentive and described everything with great detail which we really appreciated, she was very knowledgable. The host on duty was also very friendly, forgot his name but overall the service was fantastic. I had the eggs in hell which was AMAZING, & the biscuits are a must.This place was so good, we ate there twice this week. The drink specials were wonderful - we tried several.  The appetizers were terrific - the oyster pie, ham hock, and mussels.  I could eat the black-eyed pea soup every night!  I wouldn't think of combining blueberries and crispy chicken livers in a green salad, but the buttermilk dressing tied it all together beautifully.  The shrimp and creamy rice with field peas was lovely.  The staff were great, and it was a nice quiet respite from the sometimes overly-noisy French Quarter.I was pleasantly surprised by my recent meal at Angeline. The food, ambiance, and service were all top notch. The atmosphere is lively and casual. Service was friendly and prompt. The food was all great. To start we had the lamb neck which was amazing and the fried quail, also great. The short rib special and pork entree were delicious. All in all a really great dinner out. Highly recommended.Incredible food! We had the charcuterie board, the pork belly, and the duck. Each dish was absolutely delicious. The service was amazing, prompt and honest staff. The ambience was nice - the lighting was romantic, the layout of the restaurant is a bit odd. We sat at the front by the street, but the room felt like an add on (tough to explain). In any case, we would go back as the food was amazing!This is a quaint spot in a quiet part of the Quarter.  A definite must try!  With a much different look than the previous -Stella, it has a warm, cozy and comfortable feel with a very friendly staff. 
     Every dish ordered by the table was so fresh, bursting with flavor and all prepared to perfection.  They have quite a variation of delicious dishes to choose from.  Seafood, rabbit, pork, pasta-all with creative and unique preparations. The wine selections were pretty impressive as well.  You can't go wrong with this restaurant.  We enjoyed every bite and had no complaints.  We can't wait to go back especially since we learned over dinner that they are now open for breakfast and brunch on the weekends!The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  The decor is simple with a quaint atmosphere. The menu wasn't extensive but it did cover the bases. Our group was split on the food but over all thumbs up.We had a large group reservation here. When we arrived we were told our reservation was for the next day - our contract did not match our long email chain with the coordinator, but we should have reviewed it better. In any case they scrabbled to get group of 18 seated. Not an easy effort I admit. While they set everything up, the large group had to wait at the bar - that is where we met her, the rudest bartender in the NOLA, if not the South. Hipster pretentiousness personified - no eye contact, snide remarks, completely unhelpful with short answers to everything. My personal favorite moment was when I asked for a jack & coke - she clearly did not approve of this and told me they do not carry jack (or coke for that matter!). I asked if they had a whiskey she recommended. "A sour mash?" she asked. Sure. "There is no such thing as a good sour mash whiskey" she smugly informed me. The fun part was we spend much of the dinner talking about arrogant things we told us - each better than the last. Food was fine, but not great. Two stars for the effort of seating a large group, nothing else to reward.Absolutely love this place. I've already been twice. Excellent service, The menu is simple but the food is very good.Nice lunch here with nice weather in town. Restaurant so clean and foods is good here too.Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Happened upon this place after passing by several restaurants with long waits for brunch. Soooo glad we kept on walking and wound up here. No wait, perfect service, and.... the food. Ohhhh, the food. And drinks. Coffee was perfect, served with fresh, beautiful creamer. Bloody Mary was nice and spicy. We ordered STRAWBERRY BUTTERMILK DONUTS for an appetizer, y'all. My vegetable omelet with bacon and grits was very good, and my husband ordered the boudin with grits and red eye gravy. If you aren't familiar with red eye gravy, get that way stat. If you are, you already know. Awesome place and we look forward to being back!Good ambience a little off the beaten path but close and you have legs so no worries. The bartenders are craftsmen very good drinks. We had the shrimp and ham and it was a 3/5 and a small portion. The roasted cauliflower was up there with the best I've ever had. Pork fat corn bread with homemade butter? Yes please. Shiitake and dumplings was flavorful but very buttery. Lastly the salad was was very good. Deserves a 3.5 or 4 but considering its $30 a plate and there are so many food options in NO and I think yelpers are generally very liberal with their stars I've got to go 3/5.Although the interior is rather bland, the food and service more than makes up for it. The charcuterie board was great, as well as the shrimp & sausage and clam appetizers. For mains we had pork tenderloin, veal, drum, ravioli, shrimp ... All fantastic. Our server was attentive without hovering, had excellent recommendations and was very friendly. Great experience.On my own one night, I had dinner here at the bar.  What a lovely, calm restaurant, perfect for relaxing with a delicious meal and glass of wine.   I was served the fish special - delicious! Paired with a glass of sparking rose - perfect!  Thank you for a lovely dinner.  I hope to return soon.One of our favorite go-tos for brunch. Consistently excellent food, drinks, service. The ambiance is casual NOLA chic. I dream about the oysters, mushrooms and grits !Amazing food!  Everything we ordered was beyond good (and beautiful on the plate).  we ended up going back for a breakfast and another dinner.  Oh and the house cocktails are really fun and have a good kick.Amazing food and delicious coffee.  Service was outstanding.  The gentleman we had was so nice.  It's a must and will def go back when back in NOLA.Lovely tea service, delicious corn soup consume, and grilled cobia special was absolutely delectable.I really liked this place. Everything was interesting and unique in its taste and presentation, which I appreciate. Truly interesting and enjoyable, we will be back. I bore easily in a town where the restaurants tend to rest on their laurels. This one is different.Thought about a 5 here, definitely would give a 4.5 if I could. This is a cute little spot in the quarter, previously was Stella and our group of 4 was very happy with our entire meal. We started off with a few cocktails and a great bottle of wine. We shared two appetizers - the panzanella and clams, both were great, had unique flavors and presentation was excellent. Two of us ordered the shrimp and bucatini pasta, one of us ordered the lamb and one of us ordered the fish of the day, which was black drum. All of our plates were empty by the end of the meal. All of the entrees had excellent flavors and presentation. I sometimes feel desert is where restaurants fall short - this is NOT the case for Angeline. The desert menu features a daily pie selection, which we ordered, and was a peanut butter pie with bananas and meringue topping. We also ordered a chocolate cremeux - it was almost like a deconstructed s'mores - both deserts were excellent but the cremeux took the cake (pun intended)! One of the downsides was that we were seated in the front dining room, which had much more foot traffic. We requested a spot in the back of the restaurant, which seemed charming, and may have improved the dining experience. Will come back to again!We gave chef Harrell a few weeks to "get the kinks out"; then tried.
Quiet, intimate, lots of wait staff.  Food was excellent, adequate choices, great attention to detail by both kitchen and waiters.  We tried several menu items, and all were just fine !
Parking is onsite, by "Terry", the regular porter at Hotel Provincial; safe.
There is a very nice but tiny bar up-front, and another, "The Icehouse Bar", across the drive in the Hotel.:
This will be a once-a-month'er for us as long as the quality holds-up.
Not inexpensive, but certainly a good value.
RickThe ambiance and environment were really nice and there was even a small, outdoor patio area that had string lighting. The service was very good and the mixed drinks were incredible. The only reason I couldn't give it 5 Stars was that the food, while still good, was lacking in a few areas. Overall taste was great for the clam & boar sausage starter, but the entrees were very small, expensive, and nothing to write home about. I would say our experience was definitely good overall, but when the plate comes to your table half empty and you leave hungry, it's hard to give it all 5 stars.OMG.  Angeline's is all about comfort.  Great drinks, decor, service and food.  I'm not sure how to describe it.  We had the rabbit and the whole fish, which the waiter paired with a wonderful wine.  Oh, and you have to have to Katz Rock and Rye.  Best drink ever.  Even down to the blueberry hand pie, this dinner was a terrific night best described as pure Southern Comfort.Fantastic food and great waitstaff (Hi Luke!!!)
My husband and I had the following:
Sazerac and a melon drink - both very good!
The bread and butter was also really good, yes the butter was better then normal butter sounds insane but its true!!  I really liked the little cornbread muffins!
ANGELINE CHARCUTERIE BOARD - It was so good and had large portions which was great since we were sharing everything.  In all honesty they could cut the amount served in half and I would still buy it!
LOCAL SQUASH BLOSSOMS - tasty and light!
SOUTHERN FRIED QUAIL - YUM!
DAILY SELECTION OF ICE CREAM AND SORBETS - Husband had the Dolce de leche ice cream and I had the blood orange sorbet.  It was probably the best ice cream/sorbet we have ever had in a restaurant.  The ice cream was especially good.
We had no problem getting seated but it was August and raining so not many people were out and about.  We plan on coming back in May and we will be sure to make a reservation as I would hate to miss out on one of our new favorite places!We had the most amazing dinner on our first night in New Orleans. It was a great start to our weekend stay. Although it did set the standard pretty high for the rest of our stayAwesome! Black eyed pea soup and chicken fried steak not to be missed. Oh, and the not Bloody Mary is a treat!Tried a cocktail with mezcal and had a cauliflower appetizer, a fish entree, and a chocolate. Everything was absolutely delicious except for the fish which was fine but just rather flavorless and the texture was a bit too soft. Otherwise it would be a 5 Star place the ambience is excellent, the service was great and everybody else's dishes looked better than my entree. I would go againWandered into Angeline late on a Thursday night. There weren't many people in there but glad my friends and I went in. Food was great - I had the clam and sausage. Tasted fresh and a great balance in the sause. The service was amazing. Never had to ask for refill.We had the most spectacular meal here! We came in on a quiet summer evening, and had food that surprised and delighted at every turn...fresh, varied ingredients  that were perfectly and imaginatively cooked, and delicious! The fried cauliflower was like nothing I have ever experienced...the thinnest shell of super crispy coating over the perfectly cooked vegetable. The pressed melon salad...you have to try it!  I had the ham wrapped rabbit leg...the ham thin as paper, the meat so delicate, the beans that accompanied them so varied, the polenta sponge cake  like air! Phil had the lamb with boudin noir, which was equally transporting. All the dishes were composed artfully, with space on the plates that invited you to look at and appreciate the ingredients. Not one disappointment! Our service was friendly, and our waitress had perfect timing. Please do yourself a favor and try this Jewel in the collection of New Orleans restaurants!The food and service were excellent! I ordered the boudin sausage on grits with pan fried egg on top-excellent!My husband and I went here while in New Orleans. The service was slow so our waiter gave us a dessert on the house.  Everything was amazing! Try the cauliflower appetizer and the citrus dessert.Eclectic, delicious, out of the way but close by everything. I adored all the fine things about Angeline from the decor and ambiance, obviously the food, the sweet server, drinks and other patrons. I especially enjoyed hearing a table next to us order a "virgin mojito with salt on the rim" (thinking whaaaa?!) and the server was 100% accommodating. 
I had a reservation on a Friday night at 7, but the place was pretty empty. It did start filling up later, but you could easily get in there at 7 without one, no problem. I ordered a bramble, which was filled with crushed ice, as it should be, but also enough liquid. My husband had a few of the sodas, but maybe a few mocktails on the drink list would be helpful (for those recovering alcoholics, pregnants, DDs, or already drunks).
Let me tell you about that charcuterie board! I am super judgmental when it comes to charcuterie boards. Especially if something is left out, the items don't go together, too much one thing, not enough other. It's a fine art putting these things together and this one did not disappoint (see photo). It was a pleasant mix or pickled items, relish, meat things and one cheese. I do wish it had maybe a second cheese, but all in all a win. Except for the okra, eww, but I understand that's likely a requirement for NOLA plates.
My husband and I both ordered the specials: mine the fish (pompeo) and his the beef (flank). Both were cooked perfectly and all the accouterments went with the meat and fish very well.
I know it's hard sorting through all the seafood choices in NOLA, but this should be at the top of your list for fine dining in the French Quarter area. Dress code is basically whatever you want-fancy or not-it's easy to access, prices are on pointe, and the food/server are spectacular. It's also not a huge tourist trap type restaurant. It's thoughtful-best way to put it.A very fancy place, we sat in the side room. It was freezing and there were two large parties seated in the center of the room so the romantic dinner for two vibe kinda tanked. The food was good, the vegetarian dishes (fried tofu with squash and a salad) were nothing special. My husband said his rabbit was great. I'd go back if they had a more exciting sounding vegetarian option.I'm going 3 here. Some food was a 5 (short ribs) and others a 2 (fish and salad). Short ribs out of this world good. Salad underdressed even though very fresh. Fish under seasoned but cooked well. Pie for dessert (sweet potato) was adequate but the crust was off. We had reservations and we were 15 min late and got a seat by the door. When I realized there was much better options in the back I was disappointed. But if the food is great I can deal with the table location. Most expensive meal we had in our NOLA weekend trip and while very good the value is not there due to other great options.Went for a Sunday brunch - everything we ordered was delicious and loved the decor & ambiance of the restaurant. The waitress was very informed of all items on the menu (both drinks and food) and gave us great suggestions. My favorite dishes were the biscuits, the grits & fried oyster appetizer, and the shrimp and grits entree. (Just get anything with grits and you'll be glad you did). Will definitely be going back here to try out the dinner menu.Just had my fourth trip to Angeline.  I so want to agree with the rave reviews or at least understand them.  Each time I have eaten here I was with a different friend.  Each said it was good but they would probably not come back.  They were all New Orleanians, very tough audience.
What I like about this place ?  The service.  So many sweet people and competent.   From the hostess to the bus person everyone was good.  Our server was knowledgeable and sincerely friendly.  
The atmosphere is good enough and comfortable.  Not exactly dreamy but modern and easy.  Every place seems to be painted grey nowadays. The back room at Angeline is painted a pretty great lavender grey.  The front room is the worst room decor wise.
The food.  This is the problem ,no dish here is bad but after four tries I have to say that no dish is truly special.  This time I had the Rabbiit which is fried and served with a tomato sauce.  The rabbit was well prepared tasted just like...Chicken served on a very first rate spoon bread.  The problem was the tomato sauce. So not special.  My friend had the crab pasta.  It was insanely salty. She was opting not to eat it, I encouraged her to mention the problem.  The staff could not have been more accommodating They did explain that they shaved a salty dry fish on the dish but happily replaced it with a new version which was much soupier but not so salty.  My friend said "Its still not good but at least I can eat it."  Our drinks were classic and perfectly good.  Angeline is very near my house I was hoping it would become my new favorite place, unfortunately it is not working out.  Maybe I am spoiled and if you are visiting NOLA you should try it because visitors seem to love it.Superb, elevated southern comfort food prepared to perfection, inventive and righteous craft cocktails, and excellent service makes this a winning combination that is well worth the price.  If you want a more intimate experience, ask to be seated in the small front room.  But the main dining room is lovely, too, located further to the back past the small bar.  The bartender has a refined palette and command of the medium, so if you're not sure what you want, I bet if you tell them what you like, the bar will not let you down.This was our last dinner in NOLA and so glad we made it here. The restaurant has a pretty and warm atmosphere with a pleasant staff.  The cocktails and wine list is well thought out and delicious. Now to the food, in a word, sublime. Every dish was flavorful, fresh, and perfect. We started w fresh local squash blossoms, delicate.  Oyster pan roast, comforting. Crispy cauliflower, flavorful. Pork hocks, delectable. We shared our plates family style as we were there with our kids and every plate was eaten clean. Coming from discernible New York palates, I'd say that's a good sign.Great service! Jasmine was very attentive and well versed on the whole menu. Chef Alex Herrell did not disappoint. Happy Hour small plates of Pate and pickles were a perfect beginning and great value, followed by crispy chicken liver salad ( pomegranate seeds were the perfect addition). Main courses of veal and pork tenderloin were both flavorful and presented beautifully.Ok... I feel bad giving it three stars because the food was wonderful and our waitress was fantastic, and while I was there I would have rated it 5 stars! 
I had the duck confit ravioli.... probably one of the best dishes I've ever had in my entire life! My husband had the fish of the day which was a red snapped with crispy skin and a pesto sauce I would literally eat by the soup full!!!! So freakin good!!!! 
Our waitress was so cute and friendly! She told us that every day the staff gets there an hour before open and they set up and then they all sit down and have dinner together! In times like these I feel like that it so important and I almost cried when she told us that, very touching!
The trouble happened after we left.... we split up our $106.00 bill between a visa gift card and our debit card... the total on our debit card was $32.56 however the next day out bank statement showed two charges! One for $32.56 and one for $90! I called the next day and spoke to a manager and she promptly found the problem and voided the $90 charge only it would take 3 days to show up in our account. The problem is that we are visiting Nola on our honeymoon and $90 is a lot for us. That was our one fancy dinner out and a perfect night was quickly tainted. Then when I expressed this was a hardship for us she said to come in and have a round of drinks on them.... I'm sorry but you just spent $90 of my money without my permission, I think you owe me a little more than a round of over priced tiny drinks, how about brunch or something more substantial? 
It was truly disappointing after a delicious dinner. I wouldn't suggest this place to friends just because of that experience, which is a huge bummer. I suppose if a $100 dinner with $90 mistakes is no big deal for you than this is your place.This is our second visit here. I know that a first time may be a little magical, but the food here is  WONDERFUL AND DELICIOUS!!
It's my husband 's birthday weekend. Hey, when you're over 60 it's  requires a few days to celebrate.
We were blown away by the cold watermelon/tomato soup. The fried chicken livers are the best anywhere, I never eat chicken liver, well I didn't until eating Angeline's. They were creamy and  delicious. Hands Down , the best!! They made a delicious fried pork hock. 
My favorite was the blue crab fettuccine. Light and so fresh. My husband enjoyed a black drum dish. 
So, be sure you try the soup if the day and never pass on the fried liver.
I forgot to mention the wile list is pretty good, not a crazy 300 page book. And also, our waiter, Scott was great.Angeline is a great spot for brunch in the French quarter.
We started with the fried chicken biscuit which was crispy and tasty. 
The Right Side of Jackson is a pleasant cocktail with strong sherry notes. Perhaps more suited to happy hour than the first meal of the day however. 
I also had the French Toast. It has a lot of moving parts. The bacon is very good, the orange zest is mildly irritating. Over all a sweet and well prepared dish. 
Service was friendly and helpful.From the cuisine to the service, everything about Angeline was superb. First of all, from the outside,  it seems unassuming- but don't be fooled by the simple entrance. They have a well stocked bar past the first room and an even bigger dining area in the back.
We came here for dinner and was served by Jimmy- who was the best server I've ever had. He was attentive, patient, and informative. Jimmy even gave us a few great suggestions on other places to visit. 
For dinner we tried a little bit of everything. I do recommend getting their fish of the day, whatever it is. Mine was prepared skin on and crispy. The bf had the pork chop, which was so succulent and juicy! Definitely get the Grits and the collard greens!!! Chef Alex makes the best Grits in town, hands  down!
We were so wowed by dinner that we came back for brunch the next day. Well, we were equally satisfied. Chef Alex even came out to introduce himself, which was a nice touch to our visit. 
One more thing: try the False Blood cocktail, a twist on a Bloody Mary. THE BEST BLOODY MARY I've ever had, for real!!!!! 
I can't wait to visit NOLA again, primarily so we can eat at this wonderful establishment again. Thank you Chef Alex and Angeline for a wonderful time!We went for breakfast this morning and we're delighted with our experience.  They say us in a small, but cozy room with 6 or more tables.  The coffee was served with sugar in the raw and real cream.  Our entrees were served to perfection.  The grits are to die for!!  Next time I am going to request a giant bowl- I wanted to lick the plate.  My dining companions had eggs, bacon, and biscuits which were also delicious.Wonderful service and food!
Please try the crispy cauliflower with olive mayonnaise which is excellent!Wandered in early on a Wednesday.  We tried a little bit of everything, starting with the clams and cornbread.  Main courses were the rabbit, the lamp, the shrimp and corn flour pasta, and a burger.  They were all tasty, but not great.  There is just better food (for our tastes at least) in the area.Really great place. Couple blocks from the noise, tucked away. Great atmosphere, loves their playlist. Service was great - everyone was amazing. Great food. We had the French toast, pork sandwich, grits and shrimp and fried chicken biscuit between us, and we were all very happy with our choices! Definitely recommend it!What a wonderful evening.  It started with a very nice, knowledgeable waiter who helped guide us through the menu and help choose wine.  We had the local lettuces salad, crispy pork cheek and grits, and the smoked lamb shoulder.  So delicious and rememberable.  Will return for sure.We went to New Orleans on St Patrick's Day to specifically eat at this exquisite eatery. We are a family that travels throughout the world and loves the local fine dining. Angeline's truly is a magical place to have all the ambience of the French Quarter. Is it even possible that water tasted like it came from the Fountain of Youth? Clay was our waiter. We welcomed his warm inviting smile with small chit chat. His recommendation were appreciated, as well as his outstanding service. The finer points of the table linens, flatware, and glasses made our food even better! Nothing is overstated, because it's all about the menu of beautifully crafted cuisine. I can't wait to come back again and order another selection, but in truth I'm going to get the BLACK GARLIC BRAISED BEEF SHORT RIB
peanut romesco, swiss chard, fregula, winter squash conserva!  It was the most savory Braised Beef with the melded flavors of the Mediterranean.This is Five star fine dining with matching staff, and Chef Harrell expertise. I will look for him as a James Beard Nominee. Thank you again. 
Portland, Maine Mother Daughter weekend getaway.What a great find.  I had been wanting to go since my last NOLA visit. Made the late brunch on Sunday and had a dish with creamy grits, crispy fried boudin with a fried egg in top. Absolutely wonderful!  See the pic. Chef is creative and I will be back!  Only downside is that the restaurant is closed Monday and Tuesday - not a complaint...just wanted more.This is a great place. I've been here twice now, once for brunch and once for dinner. Everything is amazing. Great service, great wine and cocktails, awesome food. Definitely worth a visit.Hands down best dinner in new orleans! Dishes are really innovative!   The burbere spiced carrot appetizer, for example, includes roasted carrots, a carrot romesco, and carrot "chitlins."  Great vegetarian options. Save room for the salted chocolate creameaux for dessert!Came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon per the great Yelp reviews. It was very quiet (only one other table was occupied). Although the service was good the food was greatly lacking. Had a funny smell and didn't taste nice at all. We didn't even eat our meal. We were extremely disappointed, maybe we just caught them on an off day. I would recommend to try other places in the area.Exceptional brunch experience.   Will return soon for dinner.
Fresh inventive food and top friendly service.Had a wonderful time dining here this evening. They serve food that stands up to even the highest expectations. Staff was particularly lovely!Everything we tasted was delicious! Best pasta I've ever had. Collard green and black eyed pea soup was a table favorite along with the oysters and shrimp! It's going to be a very successful addition to New Orleans!yet another hipster styled overpriced restaurant that prefers to use terms like "noisette" instead of just saying "pork loin". (lotsa this)
Food was nicely presented but seriously lacking in flavor -- especially the crabmeat fettuccine (such a shame that good ingredients were wasted on this dish)
No red meat on the night we dined, which is really odd---as there were plenty of other meats.
Pricey for what you get and what you get is boring
Nice atmosphere, but doubtful we will go back, there are just too many other good places to choose from in the neighborhood!Wonderful ambiance and service.     We enjoyed immensely the roasted oysters and liver salad for an appetizer.     Not normal thing I would order but delicious!     We ordered the fish special and the country ham and shrimp.   All in yummy broth with oysters and shrimp.     Great before dinner drink and Chardonnay with dinner.   We finished it off with the gelato "Nutella" which tasted like cold hot chocolate.OK, who goes to New Orleans to experience a modern spin on southern (not necessarily New Orleans) cuisine? I didn't. I went for Cajun and Creole and beignets and etouffee. But I arrived late on a Sunday evening and Angeline was the only place serving after 10 p.m. so I took the chance. I came away having experienced one of the seminal moments in my lifetime of eating food.
I started with the fried quail, served with a hoe cake. Sweet, spicy, and don't even imagine you can knife-and-fork your way through it. The place has an elegant air to it but you're encouraged to use your fingers.
This dish left me thirsty for something sweet with kick--like a strong root beer or ginger ale--so I asked if they had anything like that. Sadly, no, they don't serve fountain drinks but they do serve--and this is where the epiphany happens--homemade cola. Not even kidding, and the server is practically gushing about how good it is, like she's so excited someone asked, and offers to bring me a taste. My tinglers are all tingly so yes please. Top note is vanilla, straight out of the gate, really good vanilla, then citrus notes come up, orange and lime, and finally warm spices like cinnamon and anise and cola nut providing a rock-solid foundation, which it needs because it's not hyper-carbonated like most canned sodas, so it sparkles and tingles the way good champagne does. I swear, it has put me off the canned stuff entirely. I drink a Coke now and I'm always disappointed it's not better. I actually find myself pining for this drink months later.
OK, so from there I go to gulf prawns with country ham and a side of roasted mushrooms with sorghum dumplings. Again, beautifully balanced dishes. Plump shrimp, salty ham, served on a bed of creamy rice studded with butter beans. The roasted mushrooms were perfectly adorned with almost nothing but salt and oil. The sorghum dumplings were light but chewy, and their just a touch sweetness and earthiness bounced around the mushrooms like a kid on jungle gym.
The only less than amazing dish was the finish--a chocolate pot a creme--and it wasn't because the pot a creme wasn't amazing (it was, dark, creamy, and rich) but the adornments kept pulling focus from how amazing it was. I appreciate reinterpretations and deconstruction as much as the next guy but the entire surface was covered with cookie crumbs and cocoa nibs. The star was buried and to get the heart of her character I had to scrape away a lot of distraction.
That aside, the overall experience was so good and so eye-opening, I can't imagine going back to New Orleans and not stopping in again.Good food at a good price. We had brunch on Sunday. I asked for a bellini which was the best I have had. Muddled the peaches to order. Chicken biscuit was great and my husband enjoyed chicken fried steak and gravy. The first impression was the only concern. We looked on open table and saw every 15 minutes this place was free. We did not make a reservation,  didn't know how long it would take to find it. When we arrived, one table was occupied. Hostess asked if we had a reservation. We did not. She then began to scrutinize the reservation book, she sighed twice, she looked back at the dining room.  She acted like she wasn't going to be able to fit us. We did get seated about 5 minutes after we arrived, and service was great after that. Only one table sat after us. So...not sure what the problem was, but we almost left right after being seated, fearing a snobby ride.If I could give this restaurant 6 stars I would. Everything from the greeting to the pre dinner cocktails to the post dinner cocktails was incredible. The hospitality and service here line up perfectly with the chef's sublime talents. I will be back and I will tell everyone about this restaurant.Went with a party of 6 last night. Service and staff were great and knowledgable. But there's a few things you should know before going to Angeline. 1. They don't have coke or soda, they make that very clear. We arrived a few minutes early and had some drinks at the bar, my buddy ordered a jack and coke. Answer: we don't have coke we mix our own soda, which is fine, but each time we ordered they had to remind us of this. Then, we don't have jack, we have George dickel, basically albertsons wiskey (misspelling intended) like they were trying to reinvent the cool trend of PBR's re-ascendence to popularity. Now on to the wine. The had the extensive selection of 6 red/rose wines. And just happened to be out of the one I was remotely excited about. The food was average. We had 4 different appetizers and 5 different entrees.  A couple of things stood out, for apps the farm egg was really exceptional and for entrees the rabbit and one of the fish dishes. Everything else was nothing special, good but nothing to write home about.Just go here. Nice quiet "haven" to get away from the hustle and bustle of the French quarter. Everything we had was ridiculously good. I know, hamburger in New Orleans? But this was perfectly prepared grass fed beef from the the chef's father's farm with an incredibly tasty pimento cheese sauce. The chicken and biscuits are a simple dish, but when done right, is an ethereal experience - unreal. Black eyed peas and collard greens soup was solid. Came in hot, tired and grumpy and left completely transformed -satisfied, happy and light on our feet. Thank you Angeline! Oh and service was excellent.Didn't have a chance to go when Angeline was Stella.  Recently went on a weekend for a friends birthday - they sat us at two tables in the room facing the street.  Great ambiance, great cocktails, nice wine selection.  Service was good especially considering we had a party of 12.  We went to try the coolinary menu, but ended up ordering off the regular menu instead.  The Blue crab linguini was deliciously well balanced.  The Duck was crispy and tender and the greens and grains were perfectly presented and cooked.  Very nice birthday dinner.The is my first Yelp review,   my experience at Angeline just want me to say something 
My husband and I went to Angeline for my Birthday Dinner. He was excited about this place as it offers whole fish which ended up being the biggest disappointment of the night. 
We started our meal with one cocktail and one glass of champagne. Nothing special, but both of us are not big drinker, so can't really comment on that. 
We choose crispy cauliflower and crispy pork hocks as appetizers.  We both love roasted cauliflower at Domenica that why we picked the cauliflower.  Crispy cauliflower ended up to be dry compare to the one at Domenica. The crispy pork hock is a misconception. Nothing about that dish is crispy, but the sauce and pickled vegetable are good. 
After the appetizers, my husband ordered fired chicken liver salad. I did not order anything because I don't like the soup options. I had to say the fried chicken livers are really good. Good favor, tender and moist inside. We think that is the best thing we had the whole night. We are looking forward to have our entrees. 
My husband got whole roasted fish while I ordered the heritage pork noisette and braises cheeks. Starts with my dish, pork noisette is tough and lack of sauce. If feels like a very try piece of pork chop. Pork cheeks were ok, but can't compare to the pork cheek I had in La Petite Grocery. The grits is good, best thing on that dish.  My husband's fish, on the other had is really .... Can't find a word for it. When it was first served, I can smell how fishy it is right across from the table. I love to smell my food, but that fish is not pleasant. The meat is lack of favor, period. No seasoning, no sauce, I don't think they even put lemon or anything to cut the smell. I try one bite, and that all I want to have. I may be bias since I like my fish well-seasoned (like blacken than simply grill), but my husband who love steamed fish does not like it. We hate to waste food, especially something expensive, but we only ate half of the fish. 
Our whole meal cost $160 (includes tips).  It is not a cheap meal, but we walk away unhappy.  I give 2 stars because the service was good, and environment is good.  The food (Fish) is worst we had in a while.  May be it is the chef's intend to present food in their nature stage which explain some of the food are tasteless, but we just not get it. Yelp labeled this restaurant as Southern; I think it is incorrectly labeled, as it is not comforting at all. With so many new restaurants opening up in the city, I think the chef need to reconsider its Menu. 
As for my husband and I, we are never going to come back.Our flight arrived at 9:30pm and we quickly cabbed over for a late dinner. We picked the place partly due to the late serving til 11pm and partly due to the previous reviews. We were not disappointed. We had the place to ourselves and enjoyed a wonderful first dinner in Nola.
The staff was super Gracious. We started with Sazaracs which were superb. For starters I had to have the Oyster pan fry which was perfectly creamy and crusty. The rabbit milanese was like nothing I have had before and was truly amazing. My wife's linguine with crab was also perfectly prepared with fresh pasta made in house and lots of moist and flavorful crab. Our servers were all top notch, just the right amount of attention. 
I'm sure the first night in Nola had something to do with our level of satisfaction but I am writing this now at the end of our trip and can still say it was our highlight dining experience. Fine dining that fully showcases regional ingredients and hospitality.